Many thanks to my editor for helping me to be a better writer.
*****
Two hundred thousand leaves. A mature maple tree has roughly that many, and in the part of the world where Marla lives, they all end up on the ground in October. She couldn't believe it when she read the number. "I've got over a million leaves in my yard!" she said. There was no one there to hear her but her cat, and Twinkles was unimpressed. "I've got to hire some help!"
She was looking out her window at the colorful carpet of fallen leaves on the lawn of her big back yard, out behind the little house she'd moved into a few months before. It was nice quiet country property, her reward to herself for surviving a messy divorce from a man she'd despised for the past few years. Her life had been a tangled mess for a while, but it had finally sorted itself out. She was looking forward to peace and quiet, and maybe a man now and then for some carnal pleasures but nothing more. A friend with benefits. She loved that idea.
Marla was forty-nine, dreading the coming birthday with the five and the zero, angry at herself for spending the best years of her life with a jackass. She hated the anger. Her two best friends were divorced and quite bitter about it, so she'd reluctantly cut back on the amount of time she spent with them. More alone time meant more quiet time with Twinkles, and she found it was just what she needed; lots of meditative peace and quiet.
She found her fun at weekly auctions that offered estate sale items and antiques. It was an enjoyable way to slowly fill her house with treasures, most of them inexpensive, with the occasional splurge on a wonderful mid-century couch, dresser, or chair.
Getting a job was on her agenda but it wasn't a priority. The divorce settlement was sizable, enough to keep her going long term if she was wise about her spending, but she thought a job at an antique store might be fun. There was always the University if she needed a more serious job, her alma mater, looming on a hill just six miles or so from her quiet home. She knew they liked to hire alumni, and with the town being relatively small she thought she might have a good chance at a job up there.
University Hill. It was a campus full of memories for Marla. She studied biology when she was a student there, went to all the sporting events and concerts, and lost her virginity in a cute boy's dorm room when she was a freshman. She ended up dating him for a year, and then another boy when she was a junior, virtually living with him in a dingy apartment just off campus. They were formative years in the best kind of way, freewheeling and full of laughter and good times. A year after graduation she met the man she'd marry, and it was all downhill from there.
A million leaves on her backyard lawn was definitely a step in the right direction. It washerlawn, and they wereherleaves, and she could do whatever she wanted about the situation. Let them rot, rake them up, or hire some help.
"What do you think, Twink?" she asked her purring cat as she scrolled through Craigslist ads. "Here's a college boy looking for yard work. Should we take the chance?"
Marla replied to the ad and texting ensued. The boy, Jesse Summers, corresponded quite maturely, so Marla threw caution to the wind and gave him her address. She lived on the bus route between the campus and the next town to the East, so transportation wasn't a problem. Jesse said he'd have to use her tools, so Marla went and bought a rake. While she was at the store she bought some hedge clippers, and a shovel, and a pruning saw. If the boy did a good job with the leaves she had some other projects for him.
—
Jesse arrived right on time and first impressions were made, as they usually are. Marla, standing just outside her front door, saw a confident looking nineteen-year-old walking up her driveway. It was hard to judge his height but he was shorter than she expected, with dark brown hair styled trim and neat. Long, baggy shorts hung to his knees and he wore bright white sneakers that she feared were going to get dirty.
As Jesse approached the house he saw a woman his mother's age, or maybe a few years older, taller than he expected. Her hair was sandy brown, close to blonde but not quite, hanging thick and slightly wavy down just past her shoulders. Feathery bangs concealed her forehead, with just a hint of eyebrows peeking through. Her black jeans were tight and her t-shirt loose. She looked leggier and leggier the closer Jesse got.
"You must be Jesse," she said as he approached. "I'm Marla."
Her suspicions were confirmed when she reached for Jesse's hand for a handshake — he was a good three inches shorter than her stately five-foot eleven-inch height, and he was a very handsome young man overall. Jesse's first impression was also correct — his new employer's legs, shown off nicely in her tight jeans, were kind of awesome. One of his mother's friends has a very nice older ass, and he was pretty sure he was going to enjoy looking at Marla's. She had a nice face, too, kind and welcoming, with crinkles around her eyes when she smiled, just like his mom.
"Are you ready to rake a million leaves?" Marla asked.
"Sure," Jesse said.
Marla walked him around the house and the scope of the big project came into view. "I realize it's going to take you a while. Just work steady, and ten dollars an hour should add up pretty good. When you get some piles made I'll help you get them onto an old sheet and we can drag them way out back."
Marla got Jesse started, and then she went in the house. She sat at her kitchen table, sipping coffee, watching him work. He raked like he'd done it before, probably at home, she thought, or maybe other folks had hired him for the same task.
It wasn't long before he took his shirt off, tossing it casually onto freshly raked grass. Marla sat up straighter in her chair when he did it, and thoughts of the lamp she missed out on at the auction the night before disappeared from her mind like a puff of smoke. It was the first attraction she'd felt for the boy; a pleasant, full-body jolt that made her fingertips tingle a little.
"What do you think, Twinkles?" she said to her purring companion. "Cute, huh? If you and me were back in college..."
Marla watched Jesse rake. He was a little ways away but she could see his muscles flexing, arms and chest working in harmony, with assistance from a flat stomach that was perfectly adorned with a happy looking bellybutton. She sipped her coffee and hardly blinked at all.
—
"I guess I should have bought two rakes," Marla said. She stood next to an old bed sheet that she'd spread out on the grass, watching as Jesse flicked rakefuls of colorful maple leaves onto it. It was a new kind of thrill being close to him while he worked, her eyes darting around nervously, trying to glean the close-up details of his topless body without him seeing her doing it. His muscled arms and chest were just as smooth and perfect up close as they were from a distance; even more so, with more twitching, flexing life in them. His skin had a subtle sheen of perspiration that looked like satin paint in the most perfect shade of 'flesh' imaginable. The sheet filled up quickly with leaves. "Wow, this is going to take awhile, isn't it," she said. "I'll drag and you rake. How about that?"
"Okay," Jesse said.
Marla smiled. "You're a man of few words, huh?" she said.
Jesse blushed and smiled shyly. Marla was amazed at the shift in skin tone — his entire upper body, neck and face turning a pinker shade of that luxurious looking satin. She gathered the corners of the big flat sheet and dragged the huge, bulbous mass of leaves away. It was Jesse's turn to watch without being seen, his eyes on the middle-aged woman's ass, tightly packed in her jeans; an ass that's a little big but nicely proportioned for her statuesque, long-legged body. It was definitely worthy of a thumbs-up, if a friend had been there to give one to.
He kept one eye on his work and one eye on Marla, watching as she dragged the leaves out through a gap in an old hedgerow at the back of her property. She was out of sight for a half a minute and then she returned, walking toward him with the empty sheet in one hand. The front of her was more of a mystery than the back of her, the loose t-shirt she had on hiding her true shape. There was definitely some shape there, though. Quite a bit of it, nicely proportioned, it seemed, just like the rest of her. Breathing harder when she returned, she snapped the sheet with a quick flick of her wrists and let it settle to the ground like a dirty white parachute, right next to one of Jesse's neatly raked piles.
After another round of muscle-watching as Jesse raked and ass-watching as Marla dragged, she parachuted the empty sheet into position again, and then she took off her t-shirt. Another top was under it, a smaller one of ribbed cotton that fit tighter to her body. Cut straight at the top, with little spaghetti straps holding it up, it wasn't a garment that showed off her cleavage in a deep V kind of way, but it did show the tops of her nice breasts, smooth skinned ones that were firm enough that she got away without a bra most days at home, always with a tight shirt under a looser one. Stripping down to just the inner layer wasn't something she'd thought through; it was the oddly humid day and the sweat of work that had made her do it. Once the quick, thoughtless movement had been made she realized her predicament. She'd given Jesse a peek at her bellybutton, a happy-looking one much like his, and she was shocked that her body was giving away her arousal, complete with goosebumpy arms and nippley breasts that hadn't come to life in front of the opposite sex in years. A few things to say crossed Marla's mind, but she decided on silence, standing there more titty than she wanted to be, watching Jesse scoop another pile of leaves onto the sheet.
When she bent to gather the corners the next conundrum was immediately apparent: her weighty breasts overloaded the little shirt's ability to support them. It was a barely acceptable 'bra' when she was upright and it was under another shirt, but when worn alone it was no match for gravity.
The bend for the first corner was the eye opener, Marla's eyesandJesse's. When she straightened back up there was only two or three seconds for her to decide how to handle the situation — squat at the remaining corners, or bend at the waist each time and give the nice boy a show. Squatting seemed ridiculous. She knew he'd know why she was doing it, and that would be just as embarrassing, so she did a bit of a squat and bend combination. Jesse liked it. Tight black jeans pulled even tighter on her nice thighs, crotch and ass, and a healthy dose of healthy breasts on display with each bend. He was suddenly really happy Marla had hired him. As she gathered the four corners of the old sheet together, twisting them together so she could get a solid hold of it, her breasts wiggled and jiggled and looked even more aroused than before, the out-of-control nippleyness threatening to turn the work session into a soft-core porn. All that was needed was a beer pitcher full of ice water to pour on her little shirt and it'd be Girls Gone Wild.
Marla was glad to be heading away from the situation, pulling the big awkward satchel behind her. She'd noticed how Jesse had looked at her, his young eyes taking in all of her womanliness, and she wondered if he was still looking at her as she dragged the leaves away, watching her ass as she made her way to the hedgerow. She looked back to see if she was losing any leaves and sure enough, Jesse had been watching. His head swiveled back to his raking, but not before she'd caught him looking.
Out behind the hedgerow, where he couldn't see her, she quietly scolded herself and pulled the front of her shirt out to have a look at things. Her nipples were more aroused than she could ever remember and she didn't know what to do about it. She couldn't slap them into submission, and she couldn't just hide there for five minutes. She realized she was stuck looking like a horny old broad in front of a nice young college boy. She had to roll with it and hopefully have a laugh about it with Twinkles over a glass of wine later that evening.
She dragged the empty sheet back to Jesse's freshly raked pile, feeling his glancing eyes on her again. It did nothing to soften her arousal. If anything, it firmed things up even more. It surprised her that her predicament didn't bother her as much as she thought it would. It was oddly exhilarating.
"Looks like we'll be here all afternoon. Are you all done with classes today?"
"Oh, yeah," Jesse said. "Nothing 'till morning."
"Just girls tonight, probably, right?"
"Nope. Nothing...this year...yet."
"Really? How about last year's girls; nothing worked out?"
"No, there was just one. That ended."
"The same thing happened to me when I was your age," Marla said. "I had a boyfriend my freshman year, and then nothing sophomore year. I moved out of the dorms junior year. That was a better boyfriend. We shared an apartment with some others over on Glenn Street."
"Oh, really?" Jesse said, watching as Marla spread the sheet again, her breasts moving softly. "I went to a party over there a few weeks ago."
"That neighborhood was party central back in my day," Marla said. "Is it still?"
"Yeah, I think so," Jesse said, raking another leaf pile onto the sheet. "I was there on a Saturday and there was stuff happening all up and down the street."
The sheet was so damp and dirty it had become a tarp. It got caught in Jesse's rake so Marla went to her hands and knees to fix it up. Her breasts were hanging and swinging gently. She knew Jesse's eyes were on them. Her nipples had softened a little due to the nice conversation, but down there on her knees she was hit with another dose of sexy juice and they swelled up like a porn star's again. She wouldn't have minded so much if they'd just picked an appearance and stuck with it, but the back and forth thing was more than a little noticeable, and the way she was showing herself off was more than a little surprising to her. It crossed her mind that topless wouldn't have been a whole lot different — the little shirt seemed almost pointless — and then she snapped back to reality; leaves needed to be moved and the nice boy helping her wasn't interested in her mid-life, post-divorce reinvention. She gathered the corners and dragged a few thousand more leaves out beyond the hedgerow.
Back at Jesse's perpetually huge pile, she stood still, breathing hard. "How come you're so clean and I'm filthy," she asked. Her pretty, slightly crooked smile made Jesse smile, too. He shrugged his shoulders and loaded up the tarp with more leaves.
"I'll drag a few loads," he said.
Marla watched him go, his strong arm pulling his dragging load, his bare shoulder and back muscles flexing with more power than Marla had expected to see. Five foot eight but strong, she thought to herself. I'll bet he could hold me down.
It was a nipple tingling thought, and her ribbed-cotton-covered breasts were in full display mode when Jesse returned. Marla was raking, but it was mindless. Jesse's presence was affecting her, and the surprise of it was scrambling her thoughts.
"You have a roommate probably, right? Does he have a girlfriend?" she asked, hoping to get back to casual conversation.
"Yup."
Marla smiled at the short answer. "She cute?"
Jesse smiled a little. "Yup," he said.
"Does she flirt with you? I used to flirt with my boyfriend's roommate."
Jesse looked happily surprised. "You did?"
"Sure," Marla said. "It was harmless. Although these days, with your friends with benefits and your porn and everything, maybe it's different. Does she flirt with you?"
"Yeah."
"I'm not surprised."
"She's older. A junior," Jesse said, finally opening up a little. "She thinks our dorm building is too noisy, but she's there all the time, so she must like it."
"Does she spend the night when you're there?"
"Yeah, a lot. She said she'd rather be...in front of me than her roommate's boyfriend."
"In front of you? You mean, like...sexual? With your roommate?"
"Yeah. She was real quiet about it at first, under the covers, you know? But now...sometimes I wonder if she gets off on it or something."
"Wow. Showing off in front of you, you mean? Yeah, she might get off on it. I knew a girl like that when I was at school. Do you mind it? You could always say something."
"No, I don't mind," Jesse said, smirking.
Marla smiled and kept raking. As she loaded up the sheet for Jesse she wanted to ask more questions about the exhibitionist girl and what types of things Jesse had seen, but she didn't ask.
She handed him the rake when he got back and she went to her knees to spread the sheet. She caught herself arching her back a little to show off her ass and scolded herself for it, but the situation with Jesse was just so sexy she felt like she wanted to enjoy it while it lasted, because she knew itwouldn'tlast. Her breasts were moving freely under her and they'd gotten all tingly again, and they were fully aroused when she stood up. She wondered why it all seemed so new, why she'd never noticed how much that little ribbed cotton shirt tickled her. Had she never had hard nipples while wearing it before?
The conversation turned to the more mundane topics of school work and majors and job prospects. After dragging a few more loads to the hedgerow, Marla was sore and she could tell Jesse's arms were tired. They decided to finish the job another day. Jesse turned down an offer to wash up in the house, rinsing his hands under the outside spigot instead. He pulled on his shirt, Marla paid him and he was gone, on a bus back to campus.
Marla made a cup of coffee and sat for a few minutes in her kitchen; her clothes dirty, her muscles sore. Twinkles was sprawled on the table with a magazine under him, purring. "I met a boy, Twink," Marla said to him. "God I wish I was younger."
That night, Marla watched the news on tv as she lay in bed. It was bad news — ugly politics, wildfires, shootings. Twinkles purred at her side and she petted him. Her other hand was under the covers where it was warm. She thought about how badly her breasts had behaved during the day, in front of a guest she barely knew. Her nice warm hand slipped inside the oversized t-shirt she slept in and she touched a nipple. They'd always been easily aroused, but she couldn't remember a time when they'd been so out there, so flagrantly show-offish in front of someone before. She touched them both as she lay there in bed and they came right back to life again, tingly, triggering deeper, nearly orgasmic impulses that were more electric than she'd felt in years. She closed her eyes and a vision of Jesse was suddenly there, his mouth where her fingers were, his tongue and teeth playing with her nipples like an experienced man.
Her other hand left Twinkles' warm fur and tunneled under the covers. She found her own fur, soft and warm between her legs. She was wet where her fingers wanted to go, slippery, and her fingertips slipped into the warmth, squishing through the fleshy cleft, quickly going deep. Marla moaned and Twinkles rolled, pressing his body tighter against hers.
She pinched her swollen nipples and the fingers between her legs moved at the speed of her heartbeat. Her hips began to move, matching the rhythm, and Twinkles rolled again, unhappy with the quiet commotion. Marla's exhales came in sharp huffs, with a whispery but excited "Oh yeah!" floating on each one. She was close, and her body was rocking and rolling like a hormonal teenager. "Ohh ffuuckk!" she huffed. "Ohh ffuuckk!"
—
Two days later, Marla was smiling. Two nights in a row she'd had solid, incredibly satisfying orgasms. That hadn't happened in...maybe forever, or at least since her college years. Jesse was a player in both of them. Marla wasn't forcing him to be there, he just showed up when she closed her eyes so she went with it. She was pretty sure she wouldn't be able to control her smile when he showed up for real that afternoon to finish the raking, but she would do her best to try to not make a fool of herself.
What to wear for his visit was the morning's big question. She felt like she should throttle back on the tittiness, but she knew Jesse had liked it, and much to her own surprise she'd like it, too. She had a bra in her drawer that she didn't wear too often because it was so flimsy. She'd always assumed bras were supposed tocontainher jiggle andmaskher happy nipples, and that particular one did neither of those tasks well at all. It was also pink, a color that never seemed to work the way she wanted it to. She rummaged in her drawer for it, found it way down in the bottom, and held it up in her hands, marveling at how insubstantial and loosely elastic it was. She opened another drawer and rummaged through her summer shirts — t-shirts and spaghetti straps and dressier camisole style tops. One of those caught her eye, a camisole style undershirt that was pretty enough to wear on its own; pure white with a body-hugging form, minimalistic straps, and a lowish v-neck with some embroidered lace trim along its edge. On its own, with no bra, it would scream "Look at me in my underwear!", but maybe with a bra under it...
Marla tried it on. She normally wasn't one for exposed bra straps but everybody seemed to be doing it, and when she saw the pink straps mingling with the white ones on her shoulders she thought it was kind of cute. There was a bigger problem, though, and it was a higher hurdle to jump: the little camisole wasn't as opaque as she thought it would be. The pink color showed through the white, giving away the entire shape of the stretchy, sexy bra. Marla assessed the situation in the mirror for quite a while, looking at her front and her back. "Well," she said to Twinkles, "at least he won't think I'm a braless nut job." She shimmied her chest from side to side like a stripper. "Whoa! Those babies move, huh, Twink?" She watched as her nipples came to life and poked out the front of the camisole, and she smiled at herself in the mirror. After a moment or two she shook her head. "What the fuck are you doing?" she said to her reflection. "He's nineteen! He's not interested in you and you shouldn't be interested in him!"
She tried on six pairs of jeans before settling on her most faded pair, old favorites that had molded to her over the years and fit like a thick coat of latex paint. They were a bit worn and frayed, but that made them perfect. It was yard work, after all.
Jesse showed up mid afternoon, right after his last class of the day. He was excited to see Marla again, even though he knew the past two days and nights of masturbating to visions of her tits and ass were just fantasy. She was fun to talk to, and he liked her smile. The money was good and she gave him a nice tip. All in all it had been an afternoon that he'd enjoyed, and he was glad there was going to be another one.
"Hi, Jesse," Marla said, waving from her front steps.
Jesse was disappointed when he saw the pink outline of her bra under her shirt, but when he approached he realized Marla looked just as sexy as the last time. The tight, faded jeans caught his eye, too. He'd never been a leg man before, because leggy girls were usually taller than he was, but Marla was changing his mind.
"How's school going?" she asked. "You hittin' the books hard?"
"I guess so," he said.
Marla mindlessly crossed her arms under her breasts, forcing them up a little. "Were you as sore as I was the other day? I guess I'm not used to using my arms that much."
"Yeah, a little," Jesse said. "It's a bigger yard than I'm used to doing."
"I made some cookies. Would you like a little energy before you start?"
"Sure."
"Come on in. I'll introduce you to my cat." Marla led the way to the kitchen, glancing in a big mirror, happy to see Jesse's eyes were on her ass. "This is Twink. He owns the place. I just sorta hang out with him."
"Yeah, our cat at home is like that."
"Oh, you like cats?" Mara said, smiling. "I knew I liked you. Help yourself to these. They're chocolate chip, I hope you like that kind."
Jesse took a bite and moaned. "Oh, man, that's, like, real chocolate in there."
"If you're gonna do it you might as well go all the way, right?"
"Wow," he moaned, chewing up a mouthful. "That's so good."
"Eat 'em up. You can take some with you when you leave later, if you want."
Jesse had two more, and a half a glass of water. Marla's tight jeans led the way out to the backyard. Work commenced and both Jesse and Marla were happy to be there. Marla was especially happy when Jesse warmed up and took off his shirt. The conversation was about his classes, but Marla wanted to steer it in a sexier direction.
"So, you got me wondering about your roommate's girlfriend. Has she been around the last couple of days?"
"Yeah, she stayed over last night."
"Did she show off for you? That's probably a question I shouldn't ask, but, I've always been fascinated by girls who like to do that."
"No, it's okay. Yeah, she's, like, naked and they're, like, doin' it, usually."
"Really?" Marla said, her eyes wide with curiosity. "Both of themnakednaked? Anddoin' itdoin' it?"
Jesse smiled. "Yup."
He was raking leaves onto the sheet, but he was keeping an eye on Marla's happy nipples. They weren't quite as blatant as they'd been without the bra, but her breasts moved every bit as nicely, maybe even nicer because they were riding a little higher, with more cleavage.
"Wow," she said. "How much do you watch them? Is that too personal of a question?"
"No. I watch...a lot, I guess. I mean...I think she sorta wants me to."
"It sounds that way, yeah. I guess...I'd watch, too."
Jesse looked intrigued. "Really? Are you...into that?"
Marla blushed. The conversation had steered toward the sexy, that was for sure, even more so than she'd expected. "I mean...I've never seen that kind of thing in person," she said, "but...we all watch porn, right?"
"Do you? That's cool!"
Marla smiled. She slid her fingers into the tight front pockets of her jeans and tried to look casual. "Doesn't everybody these days? I hope I'm not...odd, in that way."
"No, I didn't mean that," Jesse said. "It's just cool that you like porn."
"I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur," she said. "It's just...once in a while."
"Have you ever seen Dare Dorm or College Rules? There was a clip from my dorm last year."
Marla looked surprised. "What do you mean? Someone made apornthere? Atmyschool?"
"They do 'em at lots of schools. Lots of times it's porn girls that they bring. Those are sorta cool, but when it's real college girls it's hotter I think."
Marla smirked. "Your roommate's girlfriend should try out."
Jesse smiled. He watched Marla's tits move as she twisted the corners of the dirty old sheet together and dragged it away. His eyes were on her ass until she went out of sight behind the hedgerow. When she returned a minute or so later she was moving confidently, the flimsy, stretchy pink bra giving her breasts a nice bounce with each step she took.
"I don't think I believe you," she said. "A real porn, right in your dorm building?"
"They're not, like, fancy porn. They're from phone cameras, like amateur stuff."
"Oh, okay," Marla said. "Right here though? That's, kind of..."
"Hot, right? It was a Halloween party last year. I missed it, I was at a different party upstairs.
"With costumes?"
"Yeah, that's how the girls got away with it. I know them."
Marla was fascinated. She wanted to know all the details but she didn't want to seem overly enthused. It was porn, after all, the kind of thing adults like her should be discouraging college kids from getting involved in. She took the rake from Jesse for the first time that day and quickly realized her softly stretchy bra made her cleavage move like it was in a Playboy video. She went with it, trying to hide her smirking smile as she reveled in the sensual feeling of having a handsome, horny young man's eyes on her. She loaded him up with leaves and he dragged them away.
"How old is Twink?" he said when he returned.
Marla smiled. "He's eleven. I think he liked you. He can tell when someone's a cat person."
"Yeah, ours can, too. My mom says he knows people better than people do."
Marla found herself angling her body so Jesse would get a good view of things, and then she turned and put a little swing of her hips and ass into her raking; not too exaggerated, she hoped, but she was having fun with it. After she watched the topless boy drag two more loads, they switched again, Marla down on her hands and knees to get the sheet spread out nice and flat. They made a good team and the work went smoothly, but by the time they were done Marla's middle-aged body was sore.
"That looks so good!" she said, gazing out across the nearly leafless lawn. "You're a good worker. I've got more jobs for you, if you're interested. The first one's that big overgrown hedge next to the driveway. I want that cut way back."
Jesse looked pleased that his time with Marla wasn't about to end. "Sure, I can start on it right now."
"Oh, no, this is enough for today. Aren't you sore?"
"Yeah, but, I'm used to it."
Marla's eyes twinkled. "I'd offer you a back rub, but I'm sure you don't want an old lady's hands on you. I'm actually pretty good at it."
Jesse got a jolt of horny juice and his cock started to grow. "You're more sore than I am," he said, "so I should be...givin'youone."
Marla was thrilled with the little courtship dance. She never dreamed he'd actually be interested in her, but she'd never spent much time around boys his age. Her breasts had always attracted men, but still — forty-nine years old! And he's only nineteen! Am I going to let thishappen, she wondered?
She hung the damp, dirty sheet over the deck railing to dry, leaned the rake up against the house and led Jesse into the kitchen. Twinkles was there, circling her ankles, rubbing up against them.
"Hungry, Twink?" she said. "Say hi to Jesse."
Jesse squatted down and petted the happily purring cat, his body still bare from the waist up, his t-shirt hung over his shoulder. "Hi Twink," he said, in a gentle, cat friendly voice. Twinkles purred even louder.
"He really likes you," Marla said, smiling as she spooned cat food onto a plate. She loved the way Jesse's hands looked, dirty from work, gently massaging Twinkles' soft fur. She had a sudden hot flash, imagining his dirty hands on her own patch of soft fur. "Cookies? Help yourself," she said.
Jesse watched gravity play with Marla's breasts when she bent to put Twinkles' plate of food on the floor. He went to the plate of cookies on the counter and ate one almost as ravenously as Twink was gobbling down the cat food.
"God these are good," he mumbled, his mouth full of soft cookie and melting chocolate.
"I was hoping you'd like them," Marla said, smiling. She ate one while Jesse had his second. "Wow," she said. "Chocolateanda massage? This may be the best day ever."
Jesse smiled. A massage sounded much more serious — and much morerealall of the sudden — than the backrub she'd mentioned when they were in the backyard. He was glad of it and wondered how it was going to work.
Marla was wondering the same thing. She decided to go all in. "Shall we just throw caution to the wind and go to my bedroom?"
Jesse fought back a huge smile, but a cute one made it through. "Sure," he said.
Marla's entire body felt alive, and she was surprised she could still breathe normally. "All right then," she said, looking a little stunned at how things were going. "So easy. I don't mean you, Jesse, just...everything. I'm newly divorced, and I didn't know...if I was still...attractive."
Jesse's smile got even cuter. "You are," he said.
"That's good to know," Marla said, feeling the powerful pull of Jesse's youthful allure. "Attractive enough to...kiss? Or would you rather just stick with...a more hands on approach."
Jesse's big smile finally got loose, lighting up his face. "Kissing's nice."
"All right then," Marla said, her eyes twinkling above a curious little smile. "We'll both taste all chocolatey."
She was already close to Jesse, so she reached for his hand and they both moved in for the first kiss. It would have been sinfully nice on its own, but the chocolate!
Jesse wasn't shy with his hands, moving them with surprising skill, from Marla's ass to all the way up her back, and then back to her ass. Marla did some of the same, her hands soaking in the fleshy warmth of Jesse's bare skin and sneaking down for a squeezing grab of his tight young ass. It was a pretty wonderful first kiss; the first real, passionate kiss Marla had shared with anyone in years.
"Wow," she whispered, when their chocolate-flavored lips parted. "Let's go upstairs."
She took Jesse's hand and nearly dragged him behind her, moving fast for the stairs and then up them and into her bedroom. Clothes were shed and then two naked bodies were tangled on the bed; moaning mouths kissing deep, arms and legs intertwined, noses breathing sweaty flesh, hands finding wet pussy and hard cock. Marla pushed Jesse flat on his back and she mounted him, quickly and decisively, and she was fucking. Jesse lay mostly still and let her do her thing. She kissed him wild and wet as her hips moved fast, fucking his cock, and then she sat up and let him see her, the tits he'd dreamed about for the last two nights right there for his dirty hands to take.
"Oh god yeah!" Marla said when he claimed them, her body rising and falling with urgency. "Fffuuck you feel good!"
Jesse's hips started matching her rhythm and they were both fucking as one, electricity flowing between them at a high current. They both knew it was explosive and they welcomed it, two bodies rocketing toward the fiery finish. They both lost control together, with a powerful, forceful urgency that was intoxicating.
Marla could barely believe what had happened. Breathless and stunned, she gripped her bed's headboard in her clenching fists, her hips moving slowly, her freshly orgasmed pussy on sweet, honey-like fire, moving smoothly on Jesse's hard young cock. She could feel him throbbing inside her, still pulsing the last drops of his offering. Her breasts hung on his warm face, his mouth moaning quietly on the soft flesh, his teeth gently nibbling one of the nipples that fueled his dreams.
"Wow," Marla said, breathless. "That was better than...anything."
Jesse reluctantly gave up his mouthful of wonder. "Really?" he said.
"Really," Marla said, breathing hard. "I'm gonna need to do that some more. Would that be okay? Want to be my lover for a while?"
"Yeah! It was better than anything for me, too."
Marla arched her back deeper, teasing Jesse's mouth with the weight of her hanging breasts. "Suck my tits some more," she said, still slowly fucking his mostly hard cock. "I love it when you suck my tits."
She closed her eyes and lost herself in the tingling warmth, the sensuousness so deeply overwhelming it felt all-enveloping. Jesse's hips got back in the act, slowly thrusting his cock up into her.
"How can you still be hard?" her breathy voice asked.
Jesse couldn't imaginenotbeing hard with a woman like Marla naked on top of him. The inside of her felt amazing, even more amazing than the young girls he'd been with. He decided it was because of how Marla moved, her body moving fully, in such a sensual, experienced way. His tongue circled the aroused hardness of her nipple, and he adjusted his slow moving hip thrusts so every millimeter of his cock fucked her deep.
"God, you're gonna make me cum again," she said.
Jesse sped up to try and make it happen.
"No! Slow, baby!" Marla said, showing him the speed she wanted with her body. "Just like you were doing. After that you can fuck me hard." Marla felt wonderfully wicked, telling a young stud just what she wanted, using the "f" word in bed with him. "Christ!" she said, amazed that her body was responding the way it was. "I've hardly ever cum once with a guy let alone twice. If you can do it I'll never let you out of my sight."
Jesse was hopeful. He wanted to please the first real woman he'd ever been with. He fucked her slow, deep and deliberate, just like she wanted, for a blissfully long time, and her rising exclamations were music to his young ears...
"Ohhh!... Ohhh!... Ohhh!..."
Jesse's face showed his wonderment as he unhurriedly fucked the beautiful woman, lifting her to a second orgasm, one that was so deep and guttural she sounded like an animal. He'd never seen or heard anything quite like Marla.
"All right," she said, trying to gather her fragmented wits. "What thehell!"
"Was it okay?" Jesse asked, his rock-hard cock still slowly slithering in and out of Marla's warm, velvety insides.
"Oh, darlin'," she said, "that was so much better than okay. I've never...ever...felt anything likethatbefore. I know you don't have much experience, butdamnyou're good. It's that...cock of yours. Do you mind if I call it a cock? It's so ridiculously hard."
Jesse smiled. "No, I don't mind," he said. He was thrilled that Marla liked it. He felt like he was harder than usual, like some sort of supernatural sex power had inhabited him. Marla made him so horny he could barely stand it. He wanted to devour her tits some more and fuck her for hours.
Marla stayed on top, luxuriating in the feeling of a young, perpetually hard cock deep inside her. After a long, sensual kiss, she smiled at her young lover's happy-looking face. "You're gonna think I'm a pervert or something, but I want you to tell me about watching your roommate and his girlfriend. Describe them to me. What's her name?"
"Morgan."
Marla smiled. "Ooo, I like that look in your eyes. Do you like having your cock in me when you think about her?"
"Yes."
"You said she's cute, right? Describe her to me."
"She's, like, five-two I guess, and..."
"Go on, don't be shy. Does she have a nice body?"
"Yeah. She's big, sorta like you."
"Her breasts, you mean? Do you call them breasts, or tits?"
"Tits."
"They're probably nicer than mine, because she's young."
"No, they're not. Yours are...really nice."
Marla smiled. "Squeeze 'em in your hands," she said. "That's it. Pretend they're Morgan's. How would you fuck her if you had the chance?"
"How?"
"Yeah. What position would you put her in?"
"Probably...doggy, maybe?"
"Does she have a nice ass?"
"Yeah, really nice. Probably the best of all the girls."
"What's your roommate's name?"
"Derek."
"Have they ever done it doggy style in the room when you're there?"
"Yeah."
"Really! Wow, they really are putting it out there for you. They knew you were watching?"
"Yeah. I mean I'm not just sitting there staring at them, but yeah, they know I'm awake and can see."
"Wow," Marla said. "Does she...cum? I mean, does she really get off on being seen like that?"
"Oh yeah. She loves it. Up until today, I've never been able to make a girl act like she does. My old girlfriend never did."
Marla smiled. "Well if it makes you feel any better, up until today I never did either. God, I can't believe how hard you are! Jesus!" Marla rubbed her pussy grindingly hard against Jesse's crotch, feeling his cock way up deep inside her. "Wanna fuck me doggy style?"
Jesse smiled. "Yes."
A few moments later he was behind his horny older woman and his rock-hardness was making her moan again.
"Fuck me fast and hard if you want, baby," she said. "Whatever you want."
Jesse groaned loud, a surprising noise that made Marla smile. It was the start of an unleashing of his youthful energy that quickly took her breath away; a fast, hard, ass-pummeling round of doggy style that had them both yelling out their excitement, noises and words that nearly echoed in the quiet room.
"Yeah!...Fuck!...Oh, fuckin' Yeeeaahh!" Marla bellowed, absorbing her boy-toy's lusty, full-throttle exuberance like an old pro. "Fuck me, Jesse!" she screamed. "Fuck me!"
Marla didn't cum again, but Jesse did, her breathless cries morphing with happy laughter when she felt him lose his excited young mind. It was such a joyous thrill she let the laughter take over, rolling and gathering her sweaty boy in her arms, giggling breathlessly as she frantically kissed his neck and his strong shoulder.
"God this is fun!" she said. "You'll come back, right? You're not going to tell your friends some desperate old lady raped you, are you?"
"No! Yeah, I'll come back! I want to!"
"Good," Marla said, holding his warm body tight against hers. "I want us to be on the same page here. If you get uncomfortable with anything, you'll tell me, right?"
Jesse nodded. He looked like he wanted to kiss her, so she moved toward him and his lips met hers, not chocolaty anymore, but wonderful enough to make Marla moan. She felt the smooth muscles in his upper arm, and her other hand touched his naked ass for the first time. It was smooth, too, ridiculously so, and she moaned again when she felt it's powerful muscles flex. The kiss was less frantic, a low smolder of tongues and warmth that gave her ass-caressing hand time to explore. Jesse's legs were splayed in a way that gave access to his manhood. With Marla's wrist pressed in the warmth between his ass cheeks, her gentle hand found his balls, sneaking up on them from behind. Her kissing mouth smiled when Jesse moaned. She caressed the soft, smooth things, marveling in how taut they felt, how young. Without letting go of them, her fingers tickled the underside of the cock that had done such wonderful things to her, its rock-hardness finally dissipated, resting, recharging she hoped, for at least one more round of blissful fucking. She moaned into Jesse's mouth, telling him how happy her warm hand was to be playing with that part of him.
The kiss was incredible. It made Jesse's mouth water. The way Marla's tongue flicked playfully, the way she smiled when she did it. He'd never kissed a smile before, that he could remember. It was kind of amazing. The kiss was so wet and juicy it made him think of her pussy. He badly wanted to have his mouth on it, to taste it, and the thought of doing it hardened his cock again. Marla moaned when her playful fingers felt it grow.
"Someone's incorrigible," she said, the nearly whispered words fluttering across Jesse's lips like a warm breeze.
It was the first time he'd heard anyone use the word, but he knew what it meant. He smiled and tried to think of a way to find out if a woman Marla's age would be interested in having him lick her pussy.
"Derek and Morgan do something else," he said.
"Do they now," Marla said, smiling. She reached her arm farther in, between warm ass cheeks and past tight smooth balls, so she could squeeze Jesse's reinvigorated hardness in her happy fist. It felt amazing to have a hold of him that way, from behind. Jesse thought so too, and he moaned. "Just what do they do that excites you so much?" Marla asked.
"Sixty-nine. Do you know what that is?"
Marla smiled wider. "Yes, I know," she said. "It's been around a lot longer than I have."
"Really? I thought, maybe, it was kinda new."
"There's nothing new," Marla said. "People have been doing naughty things to each other for as long as there's been people. But that doesn't mean everybody's done everything. I've never been with anybody who wanted to try sixty-nine, so I've never done it. You'll have to help me figure it out, okay?"
Jesse smiled. "Okay. So...I go on my back, and you...turn around."
"I'm pretty sweaty down there," Marla said. "I could take a shower first.Wecould take a shower."
Jesse liked the idea, but he was already hard and didn't want to put off tasting Marla's pussy. He rolled onto his back and reached for her hand.
Marla giggled. "I guess we're gettin' down and dirty." She repositioned herself and giggled again when she lifted her long leg over Jesse's head. She twisted around so she could see what was happening, amazed that she was spread so wide right over his face. "Wow. You're right in there, aren't you. Yikes."
Happy sounds flew out of her lungs when Jesse's mouth made contact with her slippery softness. "Oh-h-ho!...Fffuck!" she said. Her hips started moving, dragging her tingly, wet pussy across Jesse's tongue. She wrapped her hand around his hard young cock and breathy words floated from her mouth. "Oh, yeah...I like this...Fffuuck..."
Jesse liked it, too. Watching Morgan sixty-nine his roommate always made him extra horny. Something about seeing a girl's ass that way, moving just the way Marla's was, it was the most perfect of all the sexual visuals he could imagine. It said 'this girl likes sex' better than any other position, at least that's the way Jesse saw it. And the way Marla was reacting to her first time trying it was thrilling.
She took Jesse's cock into her mouth and was moaning loud, moans that came one right after another, on every breath. Her hips moved more forcefully, grinding her pussy harder and harder against Jesse's hungry, surprisingly skillful mouth. It wasn't long before she came, cock in squeezing hand, head thrown back, her open mouth spewing otherworldly noises toward the ceiling. Twinkles jumped on the bed, agitated, checking to see if Marla was okay. She was. She wasveryokay.
"Fffuuck!" she exclaimed, when she was able. She filled her mouth with young cock again. Hungy. Voracious. She felt the breath of Jesse's deep moan on her pussy.
"Why have I never tried this?" she asked herself out loud, teasing the hard cock in her hand with her tongue as she reveled in the tingly pussy licking. "It's like the best thing ever. You like it, babe?" she asked, smiling lustily, moving her hips again, smearing her post-orgasmic wetness all over Jesse's nose, mouth and chin. "You like it like this?"
"Mmm hmm," Jesse mumbled. His lips and tongue were too busy to form words.
"Do I taste dirty?" Marla asked. "Do you like your women all sweaty and dirty?"
Jesse reluctantly separated his lips from Marla's juicy pussy so he could speak. "You taste...better than chocolate."
Jesse's mouth made contact again, and Marla moaned through an open-mouthed smile. She couldn't ever remember sex feeling so thrillingly good, so deeply soul-satisfying. A fleeting thought of her ex-husband drifted through her mind, the first time she'd thought of him with a smile on her face since they'd fallen out of love. He'd made his messy exit and the puzzle pieces of her new life were falling into place. A wonderful little house in the country, and sex with a guy who really loved it. So what if he was a boy; he was old enough, he wanted to be there, and she did, too.
They stayed in that sixty-nine for the longest time. Marla had another orgasm, a deep, guttural one that thrilled Jesse so much he had one, too. The first spurt of his young cream went halfway to the ceiling, and then Marla took his pulsing cock into her mouth, the first time she'd ever tasted a man's warm cream. The moans that emanated from her were agitating Twinkles again, but Marla didn't notice. She was lost in the dream of perfect sex for the first time in her life. Lost in the soul of the perfect boy.
—
"Hi Jesse!"
Marla was sitting on her front steps, waving at her young lover. Twinkles was sprawled up against her thigh, his furry body soaking in the mid-day sun. He wasn't an outdoor cat, but every once in a while he was allowed to lounge in the fresh country air.
Jesse was arriving to work on the hedges, but both he and Marla anticipated another bedroom session after the yard work was done; more of the blissful, naked, warm and wild sex that had overtaken both of their imaginations for the last twenty hours or so. He waved as he walked up the driveway, the smile on his face just as big as the one on Marla's.
She looked him over as he got closer, picturing him naked. "How was class today?"
"Good."
"How 'bout last night? Was Morgan around?"
"Yeah. It was better, though."
"Better? Why, what'd she do?"
"Oh. Just the usual. But...I just thought about you and it wasn't so..."
Marla smiled. "I'm happy I could help. You really thought about me? I thought you said she has the nicest ass at the school."
"Yours is nicer." Jesse blushed after he said it and looked shy.
"Oh my gosh," Marla said. "That's the nicest compliment I've ever gotten. And you're just too adorable for words."
Jesse blushed even pinker. "So, you want me to cut those bushes?"
"Yeah," Marla said. "I talked to somebody that knows about them. She said we can cut a lot off of them and they'll come back nicer. They're just too close to the driveway; I'm always afraid I'm going to scratch my car. There's, like, fifty of them, though, so it might take a few days. Think you can stand spending that much time with me?"
"Sure. Maybe you can find more for me to do after that?"
Marla smiled. "Oh yeah, there'll be jobs. A big yard like this always has something to do. We'll have to work around your school work though. That always comes first."
Jesse smiled. 'Always comes first' made him think of the amazingly intense and beautiful orgasm Marla had when they were on her bed for the first time. He'd expected it to be more of a challenge, making an older woman cum.
"What?" Marla said, when she saw his mischievous smile.
"Nothing," Jesse said.
Marla got tingles from the sexual tension. She was tempted to drag Jesse into the house and fuck him first and do yard work later, but she knew that once they got started they'd just stay in bed all afternoon. "All right then," she said, trying her best to stay composed. "The long-handled cutters are in the garage. I thought we could put the cuttings on that old sheet and drag them out where the leaves are."
Jesse's face brightened. "You're helping me?"
"Sure. We make a pretty good team, don't you think?"
"Yeah!" Jesse said.
The work commenced and Marla was sweating before Jesse was. Earlier, before Jesse had arrived, she and Twinkles had decided she should wear her jiggle bra again, the pink one with the loosely elastic fabric that made her breasts bounce. She'd debated about going bra-less and extra nippley, like their first day raking leaves, but she was starting to like the extra lift and bounce of the jiggle bra, and it was so thin her nipples still made themselves known. It was the best of both worlds.
Jesse was in shorts and a t-shirt again, but the shorts weren't quite as baggy. Marla liked the way they showed off his young ass; it had a perky curve to it that she loved — young muscle in perfect form. Jesse broke a sweat soon after Marla did, and he took off his t-shirt and tossed it on the grass. Marla wanted to comment but the two of them were still feeling things out, not yet the say-anything-do-anything lovers that she hoped they'd someday be.
"Did you eat all those cookies I sent home with you?"
"Oh, yeah," Jesse said. "My roommate liked them. He wanted to know about you."
"What'd you tell him?"
"Just...that you're hot."
Marla smiled. "I'm hot? Wow...that's...so nice to hear. I'm not even gonna tell you how old I am."
Jesse smiled. "He wondered if I was gonna...try and get with you."
"Ha! What did you say?"
"Nothing. I was trying to look normal, but...it wasn't easy."
"Thank you. I'd hate to get a reputation around here, not that he knows me or anything." Marla thought about the situation and realized Jesse might someday find himself in a difficult situation of trying to cover up her indiscretions. "You know, don't worry about it too much. I mean, I'd rather you didn't go around bragging about banging me, but if you ever say something by mistake don't worry about it, okay? I'm a big girl, I can deal with it. Who knows, maybe I'll even tell someone about you. I'm kind of proud of this, actually; the fact that I'm attractive to a handsome young man like you."
"You are!" Jesse said, a little too enthusiastically.
Marla giggled. "I feel like a kid again when I'm with you. You have no idea what a big deal that is for me at this point in my life." She paused, looking into Jesse's eyes. A smirking smile curled her lips. "And you make me so fucking horny. I've never felt anything like this, never enough to say those words to anybody." She paused again, and then she let him know just how horny she was. "Can I give you a blowjob, like, right now?"
She was on her knees unfastening his shorts before Jesse could answer, but of course his answer would have been yes. He looked over his shoulder at the country road. There wasn't a vehicle in sight, but it was a bus route, and a truck route into town, and...
"Shouldn't we go somewhere?" he asked.
His call for sanity was too late. Half hard already from the jiggle bra and Marla's smile, his cock was out and Marla had inhaled it into her mouth, like she needed it. She pulled his shorts down past his knees, so she could get her hands on her favorite tight young ass. A car went by, but it was from the direction that couldn't see them until it was already whistling past the house, so the driver was oblivious. Jesse had hardened up as quick as a wink, and Marla let the young cock bounce free of her wet lips, the suddenly beautiful, suddenly rock-hard shaft pointing up toward the blue sky.
"I want you to cum in my mouth," she said, her eyes looking up at Jesse. She mouthed the hard flesh again, two times. "Will you do that for me, babe? Hmm?"
She sucked him in again and went a little wild, the first time a blowjob had felt so good to her, so vital, so important. She hooked an arm around Jesse's thigh and played with his balls with her fingers, and her other hand slid on the slippery cock the same way her lips and mouth were doing. It was happening at a frenetic pace, and Jesse's hips started fucking. Marla was moaning, Jesse was moaning, the sound of a big truck's horn cut though the quiet country air. Jesse was cumming, and Marla was drinking it all in — the cum, the moans, the trucker's approval. It was magic, and then it was over.
"Fffuuck!" she said, sitting back on her heels, her chest heaving with gasping breaths. She swirled the slippery taste around in her mouth, and her eyes drifted up to Jesse's. "Whoa," she said, quietly breathless. "Sorry, I...got kinda carried away."
Jesse smirked. "You're not sorry," he said.
"Pull up your pants!" Marla said, her breathless smile mischievous again. "What are you, an exhibitionist?"
Jesse smiled and pulled up his shorts. Marla was still down, sitting on her heels, watching him as he fastened them. She stayed like that, with his taste still in her mouth, watching as he picked up the hedge clippers and got back to work. He glanced at her a few times, smirking, wondering what she would do next.
"Do all girls give blowjobs these days?" she asked. "Is it just...normal sex?"
"Not the way you do it," he said, clipping branch after branch. "That was way better than normal."
Marla smiled. "Really? I'm not...experienced at that, at all. So do all girls do it these days? Back in my day it was kinda rare."
"I guess...maybe...I don't know. I don't have much to go on."
"When did you lose your virginity?" she asked, still sitting on her heels on the grass at the edge of the driveway.
"Two years ago."
"So, senior year at high school?"
"Yup."
"Was it good, or was it not so good?"
"I was really good, but nothing like...you."
Marla smiled, stood up and started gathering branches. "Was she a cute girl? How did you do it?"
Jesse smiled and didn't answer. He kept on clipping.
"What, you don't want to tell me?"
"You're very curious, about...things."
"This is gonna sound stupid to you," Marla said, "but...I feel like I never had a sex life. Not a real one. The kind where people really love it, you know?"
"Really? But you're so...sexy."
"Ha! It's all an illusion, my sweet boy. All an illusion. You're helping make it real, though. What's happening between us, this is big for me. You came into my life at the perfect time."
Jesse glanced at his sexy lover. He was glad he was important to her and not just a fling. "Her name's Haley," he said. "We grew up together, just a few blocks apart. She hung out with different friends, though. The partiers. They drank and got high and stuff."
"Is she cute?"
"Really cute. I always thought so. She's, like, really small, and, I'm not too tall, so...I always liked those girls."
"Not a giant like me, huh?"
"You're not. Your legs are way nicer than the shorter girls."
"So what happened? Did she get you drunk and take advantage of you?"
"No. Sort of, I guess. We were at the same party. This guy from school, his parents were away. I drank more than I was used to; there was this strip drinking game a lot of them were playing. Haley was already in her underwear, and she looked super hot. It sort of messed up the way I was thinking, you know?"
"Yeah, I know," Marla said. "So did you join in the game?"
"Yeah. I did really bad. I remember only having my underwear on, and I didn't want to take them off, because I was...hard, you know? And she came over and pulled them down. I didn't stop her because I guess I wanted her to do it. It was weird, everybody was looking and cheering, but I didn't mind because she had a look on her face that was...nice."
"Wow. Sexy story. Did you go all the way from clothed to naked before she did?"
"Yup. She still had her bra and her thong thing on."
"So what did you do, just stand there all hard?"
"No. She said 'I won!' and she took my hand and she brought me upstairs to one of the bedrooms. It was big and fancy, the parent's one, I think. She was naked really fast. The kiss was amazing."
"Wow," Marla said. "Tell me."
"She had her hand on my...cock, and we kissed. We just stood there, kissing. I could feel her...tits against me. She pulled my head down and I...sucked on them. They're big like yours."
"Really? Wow. A little petite girl with big tits. You hit the virgin jackpot, didn't you."
Jesse smiled. "It was pretty hot."
"Tell me."
"We kissed some more. She put my cock between her legs. Have you ever done that? Standing up?"
"I don't think so, no. We'll try it later. So you were like, thrusting between her thighs?"
"Yup. Super hot."
"Could you hear the party? Were there other people up there? Was the door shut?"
"Yeah, the party was loud. It was kinda wild. There was other people in other bedrooms. We could hear 'em."
"Really? You could hear sex? Wow, I've always wondered about that."
"You never have?" Jesse asked.
"No. Like I said, shitty sex life that's hopefully just starting. So the door wasn't closed?"
"No. I kind wanted it to be, but..."
"Haley wanted it open?"
"I think maybe, yeah."
"Wow, what is it with girls these days? Haley and Morgan both doin' it out in the open. Do you know if anyone saw you guys?"
"Yeah. A bunch of people. It was kind of...exciting."
"Haley thought so, too?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure. She was smiling when people were yelling in at us."
"Wow. Wild party. I was never at anything like that. How much could they see of her?"
"A lot. She was sitting up riding me, sorta facing the door, and then she sorta turned us, I think so they could watch my...cock going in and out of her."
"Shit! That girl is wild! Your first time? Christ!"
"Yeah, it sorta hasn't been as good ever since then, until you."
"Aww! Come here, that deserves a hug." Marla wrapped her arms around Jesse's bare torso, and felt the lump in his shorts against her thigh. "God you feel good. But we better get some work done. We'll go inside later? Do you have to get back for anything?"
"No, nothing 'till class in the morning."
"Good. We'll work up an appetite and then I'll make you dinner."
Jesse pruned ten of the overgrown bushes, and Marla dragged pile after pile of clippings out behind the hedgerow, to the place where the dead leaves were slowly decomposing. She decided they'd done enough — four more days of ten bushes each would finish up the project.
"Let's get cleaned up," she said. "My gosh, you're all scratched! Your beautiful skin!"
"It's all right. It's no big deal."
"Ohhh," Marla said softly, touching Jesse's scraped and scratched chest and arms gently with her hand. "I'll need to kiss every one of these boo-boos, to make them better."
Jesse smiled. There were moments when Marla reminded him of his mother. It was an odd feeling, but he liked it.
Inside the front door, when Marla commenced the boo-boo kissing, all thoughts of his mother vanished from Jesse's head. Twinkles was rubbing up against his ankles, happy to see him, and Marla was already moaning, a sound Jesse loved. Her soft, kissing lips and her wet, warm tongue took loving care of every scratch, every scrape. Clothes were shed, right there in the living room, and Marla was down on her knees again, giving a more playful blowjob, not far from the wide-open door and the big window. She glanced at the cars going by and silently wished she had ordered something that would have brought the UPS man to the door at that very minute.
"You didn't tell me much about last night," she said, tonguing the swollen tip of her young lover's cock. "You said Morgan was there. Did she turn you on again?"
"Yeah. She started out under the covers, but, I don't know, I think the heat was stuck on high or something."
"So she was all naked again? Out in the open?"
"Yeah. They were doin' it, like a spoon thing, you know?"
"Show me."
Marla took his hand and pulled him down onto the living room rug. Jesse guided her into position on her side, arranging her just the way Morgan had been, and then he positioned himself behind her, his arm draped over her side, his hand on her breast, his cock poking between warm thighs.
"Wow, you're so hard," Marla cooed, basking in the warm, fleshy feeling. "So was she facing you?"
"Yeah."
"How far away?"
"About...like where that table is."
"Close! I guess they're small rooms. I've sort of forgotten. So, wow, you can probably...hear it, too, right? I mean more than just her voice."
"Yeah."
"Wow. A live porn show almost every night. That's gotta be...wild."
Marla reached between her legs and pushed Jesse's cock between the squishy lips of her pussy. Two slow thrusts and he was nicely inside her.
"Does she look right at you?"
"Sometimes. Last night she did," Jesse said, his voice breathy.
Marla moaned. Jesse's cock felt heavenly inside her, moving slowly. "So, I can picture her the way you told me, petite, with big tits and the best ass of all the girls, you said, right?"
"Yeah."
"What does her hair and face look like?"
"Sort of reddish blonde. She's got really pale skin."
"Blue eyes?"
"Yeah."
"And Derek? Describe him to me."
"He's black. Tall..."
"He'sblack?Wow, I didn't...think of that. I hope that doesn't sound...odd or anything, it's just my generation, I guess."
"No, that's cool. Yeah, my mom's the same way."
"Oh, baby, do me a favor and don't talk about you mom while you're fucking me, okay?"
"Okay. Sorry."
"Don't be. It's just a little weird for me. I'll get used to it. So...Derek's black and he's tall. You've seen his cock plenty of times, probably, huh?"
"Yeah, he's sort like me."
Marla smiled. "That's 'cause you're a big boy. Did you know that? You're bigger than average."
"I wish all of me was."
"Oh, no. You're as handsome as anybody. Don't ever forget that, okay."
Jesse smiled. "Okay."
"God you feel good in me," Marla purred. "Who knew the living room rug was such a great place to have sex!"
Jesse went as deep as he could and Marla moaned. She put her hand over his and held it tight to her soft breast, helping him squeeze it. "How did Derek fuck Morgan?" she purred. "Lets do it just like they did."
Jesse found the rhythm and his thrusts moved freer and a little faster, long strokes that Marla loved. He pulled his hand out from under hers and placed hers back on her own breast.
"She touches herself?" Marla asked, her words breathless from the first glimmer of a building orgasm.
"Mmm hmm," Jesse breathed, the warmth of it tickling Marla's neck.
His hand went to the front of Marla's crotch and his fingers, still dirty from the yard work, slipped between the lips of her pussy. He could feel his cock there, moving, and he felt around on her slipperiness for what he thought he might be looking for, Marla's special place, the place he hoped would trigger her the way Derek's fingers so often trigger Morgan.
Marla liked it.
"Ohhh!...Oh, God!...Fffuuck!"
Jesse smiled. He'd found Marla's pleasure spot, and he worked it with gentle pressure, with his dirty fingertips, and he fucked the length of his cock in and out of her with newfound confidence. It was a beautiful, steady build-up, and then Marla slipped into the other-world for a few blissful moments, orgasming with a warmth and a heat that seemed unbelievable. It was a better orgasm than Morgan's had been, and Jesse smiled again.
"Wwwoww," Marla said. "He does that to her? And she cums? Right in front of you?"
"Uhh huh," Jesse breathed. She loved the way his answers tickled her neck.
The blissful couplings continued, mostly right there on the living room floor; cock sucking between Jesse's outspread legs, cowgirl riding with bouncing breasts, sixty-nine that smoldered and made Marla cum twice. The sun had set and the evening was slowly dimming. Traffic on the road was more frequent; it was the rural rush hour, with headlights newly on. Marla got up, switched on the living room lights and stood in front of the window; her happy, naked body was easy to see for anyone who cared to look.
"Fuck me right here, baby," she said, "and then I'll make us some dinner."
Jesse was fascinated by Marla. He was pretty sure she was transforming herself, although he couldn't be sure because he'd only known her for a few days. Her interest in Morgan's exhibitionism, the blowjob out by the driveway, and the way she was positioning herself right against the front window; it was all exciting and Jesse was happy to be along for the ride. She had her hands on the glass and she widened her stance and arched her back to get her ass out for him. There was a table lamp just off to her side, low enough that it lit up the front of her, casting deep shadows from her big, hanging tits. She turned her head, looking at Jesse as he joined her, his cock rock hard as always, pointing high.
"Fuck me, baby," she said. "I'm all tingly."
Jesse's cock sunk into her, all the way deep where she loved it to be. Whereheloved it to be. Marla watched herself and him in the reflection, and she watched the cars and a truck going by. She'd never done drugs, but she knew what she was feeling was what a junkie would feel, right after shooting up. Heroin in the brain. Sex with a loving, delicious college boy. Sex in the open. Sex that wasn't hidden away.
—
Marla slept soundly, her body still, breathing loud through an open mouth. About two hours into the restfulness a dream took over her brain, and her body started moving, twitching, muscles firing. Twinkles preferred stillness so he pressed his four paws against Marla's side to let his feelings be known, but the dream was deep and not to be denied.
Marla was with her realtor, the nice man who'd helped her find her house, but they were at a different house, an empty one in a residential neighborhood, a tightly packed suburb with families coming and going and husbands out mowing lawns. Marla was wearing the little white ribbed-cotton undershirt, the one with the thin spaghetti straps, the one that let her braless breasts jiggle and let her nipples be known almost as if they weren't covered at all. She wore a pleated skirt, like a college girl's, and she could feel the warm summer breeze up underneath it because she wasn't wearing panties. She admired the realtor's blue linen blazer, and the cut of his khaki pants. The legs weren't baggy like most men's pants, and his thighs looked muscular. In the living room of the empty house, right in front of the big picture window that was bare of curtains and close to the busy sidewalk and street, Marla opened his pants and took out a cock that was a foot long. She squatted, opened her mouth like a baby bird and the nice man fed it to her, her throat swelling like a snake's does when it eats a mammal that's nearly as big as itself.
The blowjob was wet and slippery, the massive cock going all the way in and all the way out, over and over, slowly, a smooth, slow-moving throat fuck that seemed perfectly normal. When Marla sensed the impending eruption of cum, she stopped and backed the big cock out of her. "Uh-uh," she said, shaking her head. "Not yet." The nice realtor winked at the man mowing the lawn next door. Marla put the hard, foot-long cock back in his pants and it vanished, not even a lump. She looked around the house some more, making sure her tits bounced nicely with each step. She followed the realtor out the front door and she waved to the lawn-mowing husbands and the smiling, gardening wives. The realtor spread the pages of information about the house on the hood of his car, and Marla bent over it while she read. "Now," she said, looking back at the nice man, her ass wiggling side to side under her pleated skirt, inviting his touch. The nice man's twelve inches of hardness was out again; not only out, he was naked, and Marla was, too. Her moan echoed throughout the busy neighborhood when the deepest fucking she'd ever felt got started, but she kept reading — school taxes $3380, Village taxes $1835, Gutters were installed in 2014, furnace and hot water heater are 9 years old. Two of the neighbor husbands were naked and they walked over and fucked her, too, holding her hips, reaching in against the warmth of the hood of the car to squeeze the breasts that were pressed against it. "The roof should last a few more years," the nice realtor said, "and the basement's dry."
In the morning, with the dream fresh in her mind and sunlight streaming into her kitchen, Marla scooped cat food onto Twinkles' plate.
"I think I might be a sexual deviant, Twink," she said. "What do you think about that?" Twinkles didn't answer, but his purring was loud as he tucked into his breakfast. Marla took it as a positive sign. "Maybe it's okay, huh? I mean, some women get sorta wild and it works for them, so why not me? Who decides who can do that kind of stuff and who can't?"
Twinkles didn't know, so he just ate some more. Marla knew the decisions were all her own. She'd already made a big one when she brought a nineteen-year-old college boy into her bed. It had seemed monumental the morning after, but now it just seemed like a step along the way. A nice step. A step in the right direction.
She went upstairs and put on the pink jiggle bra. It needed to be washed after the sweaty hedge clipping job, but she wanted to try wearing it all by itself for a little while, with just some sweat-pant shorts, to see what it would feel like to wear a really sexy bikini like some girls do. It looked a lot like a bikini top, more finished than her other bras, without the lace that would have given it away as underwear. She shook her torso from side to side, rose up on the balls of her feet and let her weight drop onto her heels while she watched in the mirror, smiling as she watched the jiggle and the nipple arousal that had so transfixed Jesse out in the backyard the day they raked leaves. Twinkles wandered in to see what was going on.
"What do you think, mister? Are my boobies holding up? I guess they look pretty good, huh?" She shook them side to side again. "Pretty good for forty-nine. You better never tell Jesse how old I am. The poor kid'd run away screaming." She let her weight thud down on her heels again a few times, watching intently as her breasts bounced.
She spent the morning picking up the house, happy to do it now that she knew Jesse would be a regular visitor. Before she knew it the day was half gone and she hadn't even taken a shower, her body still smelling of day old perspiration and day old sex, her breasts still relaxing in the stretchy, bouncy bra. When she saw the mailman's vehicle pull up to the mailbox at the end of her driveway she waved at him from inside her window, but he didn't see her. She was surprised how disappointing it was, missing out on a chance to be seen in what she'd decided was her sexiest piece of lingerie.
"Should I go get the mail, Twink? Why not, huh?"
She was out the door quickly, before she could change her mind, walking with tall posture, down her driveway, watching a man's head swivel her way as he breezed by in his pickup truck at sixty miles-an-hour. She paused and flipped through her mail piece by piece right at the side of the road, her nipples fully aroused, pressing obscenely against the gauzy pink stretchiness. After two more cars had passed she walked back to the house, her goosebumpy body tall and statuesque, her mouth curled in a sexy little smile.
"Wellthatwas interesting," she said to Twink. "Wow."
A shower was next on the agenda, to freshen up her scent and make herself prettier. Jesse had a late class and school work to do, so he wouldn't be there to work on the hedge until the next day. Marla tossed a load of dirty clothes into the washing machine, stepped into the shower and scrubbed herself clean. She was heading out in a little while, to have dinner with her mother.
"Are you wearing abra?"
"Yes, Mom. I'm going to be fifty in a few months, I think I can dress myself now."
"All right dear. I don't mean to...I just thought, you look so..."
Marla shook her shoulders from side to side and her big breasts waggled like a stripper's. "You don't like this one? It's my new favorite."
"Marla! Someone will see you!"
Marla chuckled. "It's all right, Mom. Really. After my divorce, I'm ready to be seen."
"Be careful, dear. Aren't men...awful these days? I hear so much about the porn, and...even on the TV they're doing things that...I wouldn't want to be a part of."
"Some people like that kind of thing," Marla said. "Different strokes, right? What's that John Prine song Andy used to like? It's A Big Ol' Goofy World."
Marla's mother's eyes searched her daughter's, eyes that looked much like her own. "That's the first time I've heard you mention Andy's name in a while."
"I know," Marla said. "I'm feeling better about things lately. A lot of it's the house. It feelssogood to have my own place. I really love it."
"I'm so glad. I was worried you'd be lonely out there in the country."
"No, I'm not at all. Twink keeps me company, and I've had a really nice college boy doing yard work for me. He's really nice to talk to. Reminds me of my college days. I feel younger just having him around."
"Oh, good. It's such a big yard, I was wondering how you'd manage." Marla's mom glanced down at her daughter's ample, too-jiggly bosom. "I hope you don't wearthatwhen he's around. You'll be giving him ideas."
"I'm fifty, Mom. He's nineteen."
"Forty-nine, dear; don't sell yourself short. But really, dear, don't...be like that around him," she said, gesturing at Marla's chest again.
"Maybe I'd like him to notice me," Marla said. "It's all part of my re-birth, don't you think?"
Marla's mother's eyes told her it was a line of conversation that wasn't going to be fruitful, so they discussed the new restaurant they were sitting in, the fanciest of the eating establishments at the small shopping mall in town. Marla had suggested it because she wanted to sneak back into the mall and shop for more sexy bras after her mother left.
—
"Can I help you find something?" the cute salesgirl asked.
"Do you have anything...like this?" Marla asked. She opened her shirt just enough to show the girl the stretchy pink fabric, and then she shimmied her shoulders the way she'd done for her mother.
"Oh, sure," the girl said. "You want something that lets you move. I like that, too. I'm not as big as you, but yeah, it's fun." She walked to another rack and pulled three different styles out for Marla to see. "The purple one's probably the lightest, stretchiest style. It'll give you the most movement. We have other colors. There's not much to it, but, I bet it'd look really sexy on you. Is that the look you're going for?"
"Yes," Marla said. "I'll try that one on, and, I wanted to look at your...I don't know what you call them. Sets, I guess; for the bedroom."
"Like bra, panty, garter belt kind of sets? Or babydoll and panties kind of things? Those are all along the back wall, by the dressing room. We ask that you keep your panties on when you try on the bottoms. Do you need me to help with bra sizes? I can measure you."
"No, I think I've got a pretty good idea, although the stress of my divorce slimmed me down."
"Let me guess. Thirtyyyyy...sixxxxx...D?"
"Yeah, you're good! Sometimes double D is more comfortable."
"Yeah, you might want to go double D with that little stretch bra, or even triple, especially if you like lots of movement."
Marla thanked the girl and made her way to the back of the store to look through the racks of sexy bedroom lingerie. Her ex-husband used to buy some for her, but his taste was different than hers, and it was a long time ago. All of it had gone in the trash can at the height of the dark days of the divorce.
She picked out a dark 'midnight blue' bra and panty set, made of the prettiest see-through lace she'd ever seen. The straps and waist band were soft deep blue velvet, and the lace extended below the bra's cup line, giving a little bit of a halter effect. She tried them on and they fit nicely and looked sexy, but the panties were way more 'cheeky' than any Marla had ever tried, basically a thong with a lace panel in the front and a velvet waistband. Trying them on over her panties didn't give her any idea of how they would look in real life. She wondered if the nice, knowledgeable salesgirl could help her decide. She cracked open the dressing room's door and peeked out. The store was still empty, so she opened the door and stepped out. It felt like a brave new world, with a different kind of air. Helium, maybe. Less gravity.
"Excuse me," she said, loud enough to be heard.
The girl hustled over. "How'd you make out? Wow, that bra fits you really nice. I love that lace band on that one. That color works really nice on you."
As the girl was talking, Marla's mind was in two places. Half was listening, shopping, deciding, and the other half was taking in the atmosphere, the new sensation of standing in a public store in a see-through bedroom bra, her tall, five-foot-eleven-inch frame showing it off to anyone walking in the mall who happened to look in the window. That was when a young couple entered the store, handsome and beautiful, probably in their mid twenties.
"What do you think of the bottom?" the salesgirl asked, looking at the way the thong fit over Marla's plain white panties. "I know it's hard to tell like that."
"That's...what I wanted to ask you. I've never worn any kind of a thong before. Do you think it would...work for me? Be honest."
Marla twisted so she could look at her behind at the same time the girl was looking at it.
"Personally, I'd go for it," the salesgirl said. "If I look as good as you when I'm older I'd definitely wear something like that. But it's a personal thing. Maybe just buy the one, and if you like it you can get more in that style."
The young man and woman were getting closer. Marla was surprised that her instinct to duck back into the privacy of the dressing room was being overridden by a previously unknown desire to stay out in the open. She found herself wishing she didn't have her plain white panties mucking up the lines of her new outfit. Would the young man understand, when he finally got close enough to see all of her, or would he think she was a dweeb who didn't know how to dress herself? That was the question in Marla's head; not, as it would have been a few months ago,What am I doing out here on the open!?
"You've got such great legs," the salesgirl said. "Have you ever tried a garter belt and stockings? You've got the perfect body for it."
The young man and woman were getting even closer, already close enough to hear the conversation, nearly close enough to see Marla from head to toe. She briefly wondered why the salesgirl didn't suggest privacy. Maybe it was normal? Maybe brave women often paraded around the store in see-though undies?
"No, I've never tried a garter belt. I was thinking I might try one."
The young man was close, just ten feet away, standing with his girlfriend while she looked through a rack of sexy bedroom wear. Marla was in full bloom — goosebumps covered every inch of her and her happy nipples were happy indeed, making their aroused form known under the see-through blue lace, nearly poking through it.
"If you'd like something that's a little different than the usual garter belt, I really like this," the salesgirl said. She lifted a black satin and lace chemise of the rack. "It's got this laced-up back detail, like a corset, and it's got the garter straps attached right on the bottom of it. They're removable so you can wear it without the garter belt look if you want. It's low cut, so tons of cleavage, which would look hot on you. You're so tall, let me hold it up to the back of you...yeah, that's good. Your height must be all in your legs, because that falls just perfect, halfway down your butt. I wouldn't even wear panties with it. That'd be a super hot look and you'd be all ready for whatever. I've got the perfect thigh-high stockings up front to go with it. Sheer black. Wanna try it on?"
"Sure," Marla said. Her goosebumps had faded a bit, but the powerful energy of showing herself off was still with her. It was a crazy thrill that seemed to give her clarity and confusion in equal measure. She stepped into her dressing room, took off the midnight-blue lace bra and thong and put on the chemise. She listened to the girlfriend asking the salesgirl questions, and wondered if the young man could hear the rustle of satin and lace slipping over her naked skin. When she opened the dressing room door and stepped out her nipples were aroused to the point of obscenity again, and her goosebumps were nearly big enough to cast shadows. There was no need for her to be out in the store again, she already knew the sexy chemise fit perfectly, but her hand turned the doorknob and opened it anyway, and she was out, the air feeling like helium again, her quick glance telling her the young man was looking.
"Does this...fit?"
"Oh, wow," the salesgirl said. "That really works with your top. I've got one of these, I really love how it frames the cleavage. Sometimes when they're cut that wide and low it looks like a bad stripper costume, but that one really works. Turn around, let me see the length."
Marla turned, knowing she was being watched by the young man and his girl.
"Yup, perfect length," the salesgirl said. "Without panties just enough of your cheek will show. I love how that lacy trim at the bottom is see-through. And that lace-up corset look on the back is super hot."
"Do you have that in my size?" the girlfriend asked.
"Sure, it's right at the end of that rack there," the salesgirl said, pointing it out.
Marla was tingling. The young man was still looking at her when she turned around to face him again. He had a slight smile on his face and happy-looking eyes with dark lust burbling under the surface of them. Marla only glanced at him, and then again. And then again. The tingles grew each time, the third glance nearly giving her an orgasm.
"Are you gonna want stockings with that?"
The salesgirl's voice startled Marla, snapping her out of an ethereal, tingling near-meltdown.
"Yes, definitely. I...kind of love this one."
"You should. It's really good on you."
When Marla stepped into the dressing room the privacy seemed odd. It felt like some sort of science fiction cubical, a portal to another dimension. She stripped down to just her panties again, wondering if the young man was thinking about her doing just that. She tried on the stretchy little bra and tested its jiggle with a shake of her shoulders. Walking out into the open like that, in regular underwear, seemed like it was over the line, so she judged the fit herself behind the closed door. It made no sense, when she thought about it; she'd just been out there in the sexiest garments she'd ever worn. She shook her head at herself in the mirror, wondering if she would gradually start to understand all her new feelings. She heard the door to the dressing room next to her open and close, and she could hear the girlfriend stripping off her clothes. Yes, she realized, the walls and the door are paper thin. The young man had heard the satin and lace dragging across my aroused nipples. He'd heard my naked skin.
—
Jesse had a free afternoon the next day. He happily boarded the bus for the short trip out to Marla's house, and Marla happily readied herself for him — a quick straightening up of the rooms he'd be in, a quick shower that seemed a little pointless because she'd be helping him work, and a few dabs of subtle perfume, behind her ears and high up on her inner thighs. She flossed the teeth of her beautiful smile, and she sloshed some mouth wash in her mouth and ate a piece of rich, melty chocolate. She wasn't sure if she and Jesse had reached the 'hello kiss' stage, but if they had she wanted to surprise him with his favorite flavor.
It turned out theyhadreached that stage, or Marla had, anyway. Her mind was frothed to a horny lather ever since showing off for the handsome young man at the lingerie store, so as soon as Jesse walked up her front steps she pulled him close, grabbed his crotch with a gentle squeeze, and kissed him, long and deep.
"How's my lover boy today," she purred.
"Good," Jesse said, smiling.
He loved the chocolaty kiss, but he wasn't yet the suave, debonair type who could quickly put it his feelings about it into words. It mattered not. The way he kissed, the way he smiled, the way his shining eyes looked — all of it made Marla burn, more than she expected. It was deep, lusty horniness that made her feel like a completely different person.
"Take off your shirt for me," she said as she knelt in front of him on the concrete landing outside her front door. Jesse let his shirt drop while Marla unfastened and pulled down his pants. All of him but his feet and ankles was naked, his cock hard, pointing at the bright sky. It seemed crazy to him, being there like that, with nothing between him and the cars whizzing past on the road. But then Marla's mouth engulfed his throbbing hardness and it didn't seem crazy at all. It seemed right. Within moments his whole body was moving, fucking her mouth, and then her hands took over on his wet cock, and she looked up at him, smiling. "You like being seen, too, don't you," she said.
Back in her mouth, he could only moan. More cars went by. Marla's smoothly stroking hands took over again.
"Have you shown yourself to Morgan? Has she seen this beautiful cock?"
Jesse tried to speak but made do with a whimper and a nod.
Marla smiled, still stroking, squeezing. "She has? Were you hard?"
"Yes."
"Was she with Derek?"
"Yes."
"Tell me."
Marla took him back in her mouth and looked up at him with big, curious eyes.
"I was...sometimes I..."
Marla let the cock slip from her lips for a few words. "Do you play with yourself while they're fucking?"
Back in her mouth, Jesse moaned and nodded. He spoke with breathless words. "He sorta knows, I think, but I guess he doesn't care. I try and hide it, but one night, he couldn't see me and she could. I could tell she wanted to see more, so I...I...showed her." Jesse's words were breathless and Marla moaned when she felt cum spurting in powerful pulses, flooding her tongue and her taste buds. His cream was every bit as good as chocolate.
Three hours later, Jesse's bare chest and arms were scraped and tired again. Another section of the long hedge was pruned back and looking good. Jesse was raking up the last of the clippings.
"Are you staying for dinner?" Marla asked.
"Yeah, sure."
"Good. This time we can take that shower we keep talking about. I don't think you've ever smelled me or...tasted me...when I'm clean."
Jesse smiled. He thought she tasted fantastic when he'd first arrived that day, all chocolaty, but he knew she meant her pussy, and he was eager to taste it when it was all freshened up, to see how it differed from sweaty.
The shower in the little country house is small, just a curtained off bathtub with white ceramic tile on three walls. Marla was glad the previous owners had installed an oversized water heater because once she got in there with Jesse she wanted to stay for a long time. Everything about it was exciting and amazing, even something as simple as Jesse nibbling on the tips of her tits when hot water was streaming down her back and over her shoulders. It was as uncomplicated as sex gets but it was pure bliss. Jesse thought so, too. He loved his too-tall lover, and he especially loved her tits. Even on the first day, the day that he met her, with her wildly excited nipples bumping out the front of her little shirt, he almost came in his pants a couple of times watching her womanly breasts move. There in the shower, with the hot water streaming down, warming them, he took them in his hands as he nibbled the nipples, and Marla moaned.
"You're spoiling me," she purred. "What am I going to do when you find a girlfriend and leave me?"
"I won't," he said.
Marla closed her eyes and dreamed that it might be true; Jesse would always be there, tapping into her horny fever, lifting her to the rapture that she craved.
After a thorough soaping, an every-square-inch cleaning of both of their bodies, Marla was standing, with her forearms against the strange coolness of the tile wall and her long legs wide apart to lower her dripping ass and pussy to Jesse's height. His always-hard cock was finding its way into her warm, wet pussy.
"The other day, down in the living room, that's the first time anybody's fucked me standing up," she said, already moaningly breathless, arching her back even more, making herself even more fuckable.
Jesse smiled. "Really?"
"Yup. Ohhh...fffuck you feel good! Is it good for you? Do you like it standing up?"
Jesse's cock was going deep and it took a few moments for his beautifully happy mind to get some words out. "Yes," he breathed. "I love it."
He was thrusting, warm, wet and slippery into the pussy he loved, a pussy he knew would be his favorite until the day he died. His hands were on Marla's waist, and they slid down on her warm, water splattered skin, onto her hips and down further, his palms wrapping around her soft buttocks, his fingers spreading them so he could watch his cock disappearing inside her.
Marla felt it, the fingers spreading her open, the youthful energy filling her, feeding her. "Fffuckk, baby!... Oh yeah, fuck me!... Fuck me!"
Jesse sat at the kitchen table, watching, as Marla made dinner. She was wearing some of her new lingerie, the midnight blue bra with the see-through lace cups and the velvet trim, and the matching lace and velvet thong. She was self-conscious about the thong, it being the first time she'd worn such a thing. Having Jesse watch her so intently added to her doubts.
"Is it all right?" she asked, twisting to look at her own behind. "My ass is a lot older than Morgan's. Maybe I shouldn't wear something like this."
"No, it's...awesome."
Marla smiled. "You're way too polite." She twisted and looked again. "I guess it's not too bad. Maybe I'll get used to it."
Twinkles jumped up onto Jesse's lap, purring. Jesse petted him and he settled down, curling up into what looked like a warm ball of soft fur.
"Don't let me forget to pay you before you leave," Marla said, sitting down with two plates of quickly sautéed vegetables and chicken breast. "You did good today. I wish you wouldn't get all scratched up, though. It'll be cooler later in the week; you can wear a shirt."
"You don't have to pay me."
"Oh, no, I'm paying you. Otherwise it'll seem like I'm paying you with sex. Not that I'm worth it or anything."
"You are," Jesse said.
"I guess if I pay you it's like payingyoufor sex. It's a no win situation, so lets just stick to business. You do yard work, I pay you for it."
"Okay."
Marla ate a forkful of food and her eyes took in the details of Jesse's half-a-boy half-a-man face. "So how much light is there in your dorm room when you and Morgan are showing off for each other?"
Jesse smiled at his curious lover. "It's different. I've seen her during the day a couple of times, and sometimes in the morning. At night sometimes it's just the light from the stereo."
"Stereo? I thought you modern kids were all phones and earbuds."
"No, we've got this cool old stereo. Derek's father got it for him. He's an electrical engineer. I guess it's like a hobby to fix up old stereo stuff."
"Oh, nice! Yeah, back when I was at school the rooms with the nice stereos usually had the parties. My roommate had big speakers and lots of Grateful Dead CDs. Records, too. Remember those?"
"So you had parties?"
"No," Marla said. "I had two roommates; one of them was really old-fashioned, no fun at all, so we mostly partied down the hall with another guy with a good music collection. So...how bright is the light from your stereo? Can you see clearly at night?"
Jesse smiled again. "Yeah. It's enough to keep it from being dark. There's a big radio dial all across the front. It's all silver and the whole thing lights up. You know how your eyes sorta get used to things at night? It's easy to see everything.
"Did you have your hand on your cock? Were you wearing a shirt?
"No shirt. Yeah I was..."
"Strokin' it?" Marla said, smiling. "I know you must think I'm a pervert, but it's just so sexy. When I was young, sex was all private. I never saw anything, and no one saw me."
Jesse understood, so he gave Marla what she wanted — more of the sexy details.
"I sleep in sweats sometimes, just the pants, usually. I had 'em pushed down, to, like, my knees, I guess. The blanket was up by my waist and my hands were under it, but when I saw Morgan watching me I pushed it down more, so she could see everything. She was doing sixty-nine on Derek..."
Marla's eyes opened wide. "Wait! Wow, she was playing with his cock while she watched you? Was she sucking it?"
"Yeah. Sucking. Licking and stuff. It was pretty hot."
"I'll bet! And you were jerking off?"
"Not, like, fast or anything. I didn't want Derek to know. He was down under her, so he couldn't see."
"Wwwow!" Marla said. "That's like, the sexiest thing I've ever heard! Feel my heartbeat." She took Jesse's hand and pressed it to the center of her chest, between the mounds of her soft cleavage. "Can you feel it?"
Jesse nodded. He wondered which part of the story was the best for her. He was endlessly curious about how her horny mind worked.
"Now I want to sixty-nine you," she said. "Does that sound good?"
Jesse smiled. It was a dumb question; ofcourseit sounded good, but he didn't want to tell her that. "Yeah," he said.
Marla smiled and even blushed a little, the pinkening hue showing up on her face and her chest. She loved talking so freely with Jesse, saying things that she never would have said in the past.
After they ate, Jesse helped with the dishes and then he and Marla spent some time on Marla's bed. Sixty-nine was first, after she helped her young lover out of his clothes. She was still in her new midnight blue lace, on top of Jesse, with his hard cock in her mouth. He loved the new sensation of pulling the velvet gusset of her sexy blue thong out of the way to get at her pink pussy. She tasted of clean water and soap, her womanly juices pure and fresh. His mouth drove her wild, sucking and nibbling and licking in all the ways he'd learned she loved. She came twice and he came with intense, musclebound spasms, flooding her mouth with the warmth of his cum.
Marla rolled off, onto her back, her chest heaving. Jesse's fingers played with her bellybutton. She lifted her head and looked at herself. "Do you like the blue?" she asked.
"I love it."
"I bought another one I'll show you next time. It's even more fun."
Jesse smiled. "So what were the parties like, when you were at school?" he asked.
"Oh," Marla said, lying flat on her back, looking at the ceiling. "Should I admit we smoked pot? I guess so; you've probably seen it all. Lots of beer. I don't remember any hard liquor, but there probably was some. Tequila, I guess. Oh, I got drunk on Ouzo one time. It was always just good music, people sitting around, talking. How about you? What are your parties like?"
"Lots of drinking games. Some of 'em get really drunk. I don't, but..."
"What kind of games? Sexy ones?"
"Yeah, sometimes. Strip stuff."
Marla smiled. She propped herself up on her elbows, watching Jesse's scraped-up hand trace circles on her belly. "Strip stuff? Is that common these days?"
"Yeah, I guess."
"Wow. If that had happened back when I was up there..." She paused and thought of all the cute guys that lived in her dorm building when she was there. "...that would have been...interesting."
"Would you have?" Jesse asked. "Not all the girls do."
"That's the question of the hour, isn't it," Marla said, her mouth curling into a smile. "Back then, probably not. Now? Probably."
"Really? What changed?"
"My divorce. You. I don't know, I guess I kind of like myself all of the sudden. I seem to want to show myself off. Maybe it's because I'm getting older. I'm still holding together, so, it's now or never, right?"
Jesse didn't answer. Getting old was a subject he had little understanding of, and he didn't think of Marla as old. Nothing she did or said reminded him of old people, and as for her appearance, every bit of it made him horny, and that had nothing to do with 'old.'
"So," Marla said, "I already knowyoujoin in those games, because you told me you did it back home with, what was her name? Haley?"
"Yeah. But that was the only time I ended up naked."
"Really?"
"Yeah. Now, I'm...careful, I guess."
"So you just want to play so you can be there to see some tits?"
Jesse smiled. "Yeah. Lots of guys do."
"But it goes further, you said, right? What did you say that porn was? Dare Dorm?"
"Yeah, Dare Dorm. College Rules is another one."
"What's it like? Those strip parties, but, more out of control?"
"Yeah."
"So, you missed that Halloween party last year that got out of control, but, have you seen any sex at the parties you've been to in your dorm? When people play the strip games and get naked, does stuff happen?"
"Yeah a few times. Mostly oral, but one girl let two guys fuck her."
Marla's eyes widened. "Really? Wow. And you were right there? How big of a party was it?"
"I don't know, fifteen people maybe. Not very big. It was in her and her roommate's room."
"So she took on two guys in her own bed with a dozen people watching? Wow. What did her roommate do?"
"Just gave a guy a blowjob. Another girl got on the bed with her and they did some girl stuff."
"Really? Wow. College is...different these days. I kind of wish I was young enough to be one of your party girls."
"You are! You're better!"
"Better than what?" Marla asked.
"Girls my age. A party with you would be epic. I wish my friends could meet you."
"Yeah? What would you let them do to me?"
Jesse was surprised by the question, but he quickly saw the fun in it and smiled. "Are you good at drinking games?" he asked.
"No. I'd lose. I guess I'd be half drunk and completely naked in a room full of college boys."
Saying the words nearly gave Marla an orgasm. Jesse's hand was resting on her belly, warm, moving just enough to feel the life in it. She wanted it higher, on her breasts, so she sat up and unfastened the midnight blue lace bra and she took it off. Goosebumps and aroused nipples seemed to be her thing lately, and she was sporting them again, much to Jesse's delight. His hand claimed a soft, weighty breast, but it wasn't enough for Marla. She reached for the back of his head and guided his mouth to her tender flesh.
"What do you think I'd do?" she asked Jesse, swooning from his soft lips and his nipple nibbles. "Would I suck their cocks? Would you watch me?"
Jesse didn't answer. The thought of it was beyond his dreams. Did Marla really want that, he wondered?
Marla's horniness was exploding again. Jesse's cock was hard and she desperately wanted him inside her. She rolled onto all-fours and dropped her shoulders to the blanket.
"Would you let your friends fuck me? Would they make me cum?"
Jesse had the gusset of the midnight blue thong pulled aside again, and his cock sunk into Marla's pink pussy. He groaned loud, his cock as hard as a steel shaft, thrusting long, deep strokes. Marla came quicker than he thought she would, and he fucked her right through the peak and the valley of it, all the way back to a second smoldering orgasm, one that swept him to the edge and beyond, his cock throbbing pulses of cream deep inside her at the exact speed of his thrusts. He and Marla had reached perfection, their bodies completely in sync. Jesse wanted to stay there, inside her, forever.
An hour later, the two of them were lounging naked on Marla's bed with Twinkles, his happy, purring body stretched long. Marla's iPad was in her hands, propped on the soft skin of her belly. They were watching the porn clip of the wild Halloween party at Jesse's dorm.
"Wow, that girl's just out of control, isn't she. You know her?"
"Yeah, I've seen her around. She's a math major."
Marla smiled. "Really? When I was younger all the math girls were buttoned up tight, with thick glasses. Wow, she's really into getting fucked, isn't she. But she's just...so normal looking, like somebody's daughter. Was she really drunk?"
"You mean, like, for an excuse?" Jesse said. "No. Not much at all, from what I heard. She just wanted it."
"She could have picked a better costume," Marla said. "Face paint doesn't do much to disguise her."
The shaky view from the phone camera swung around, and there, on the other bed, was the roommate, her face painted in a similar tiger motif, sucking on the cock of a surprised, slightly nervous looking boy.
"Wow. They're both really hard and they point up like you do. I guess guys your age are just like that, huh?"
Jesse didn't know how to answer. All he had to go on was himself, and he knew both Morgan and Marla made him very hard indeed.
Marla watched the blowjob intently, wondering if young college girls knew all the secrets. "Do I do it okay?" she asked. "Am I as good as she is?"
"Yeah!" Jesse said, his enthusiasm making Marla smile. "You're way better."
"I'm not sure I believe you, but thank you."
"Do I...do it okay?" he asked. "With my mouth, I mean?"
"Oh myGodyes," Marla said. "The whole sixty-nine thing is just insane. You're totally good at it."
"It's my favorite," Jesse said, a little sheepishly. "I don't know why. Well, yeah I do. It's just...so amazing having you...all like that, right there. That sounds stupid. I don't know how to say it."
Marla smiled. "It's my favorite, too. I love giving myself to you that way. And I don't know if you noticed, but you make me cum like crazy when we do that. Sometimes I'm worried that I'm gonna hurt your face."
"No, I love it."
"Yeah?" Marla said, smirking. "You got a thing for pussies rubbin' all over your face? You got a thing for makin' women happy? Makin' 'em cum?"
Jesse smiled and blushed. His cock was rock-hard again, and Marla took it in her hand. She gave him a slow handjob while she watched the tiger-faced girl get on her hands and knees, letting the slim college boy with the Lone Ranger mask fuck her doggie style. The partiers behind the camera were whooping and hollering. Someone started a chant at the tempo of his thrusts — "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!..."
—
Jesse was back at Marla's house three days later. The time apart made both of them long for their time together. It was Jesse's classes and studies that kept them apart, and they both knew it was for the best.
They decided to finish up the work on the hedges, and then roll around naked in bed after a nice hot shower. The weather had cooled off a bit — Jesse kept his t-shirt on and Marla wore an old flannel shirt. She'd spent some time in front of her bedroom mirror before Jesse arrived, trying a variety of looks. Twinkles was there, helping her decide. Braless t-shirt with open flannel over it. Closed flannel with no bra, unbuttoned halfway to her navel. Nubby sweater with a jiggle bra. She liked that one but it didn't say 'yard work', so she filed the idea away for another situation. She ended up wearing the old flannel shirt with a jiggle bra, unbuttoned just enough to be sexy but not ridiculous.
Jesse wondered if there'd be an outdoor blowjob again, but there wasn't. There may have been, if Mara had thought of it, but her mind was on other things.
"Boy, it's cooling off, huh?" she said, returning after dumping a load of pruned branches.
"Yeah. I like this time of year," Jesse said, cutting branch after branch, letting them fall to the ground where Marla was gathering them.
"Do you? Even after the leaves fall?"
"My mom's really into Halloween. I just got so I like it, I guess."
"Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's fun. I doubt if I'll get any trick-or-treaters out here, without any houses around. When I was married my husband and I always went to a party. A guy he works with, his wife throws a big one every year.
"Are you gonna go?"
"No! Andy will probably be there. He'll be with...oh, shit, I don't really want to talk about this."
"Sorry," Jesse said.
"Don't be. So, do you dress up for Halloween?"
"Yeah, we did last year, me and some friends. Just funny looking old man clothes from a thrift shop."
"Oh, that's fun! What do girls wear these days?"
"Sexy stuff," Jesse said. "I think they like gettin' a day when they can walk around in their underwear. Lots of fishnet stockings. Some sexy nurse costumes, stuff like that."
"So some just wear underwear? Like, lingerie, you mean?"
"Yeah. High heels and bras and panties. They get off on it I think."
"And you guys don't mind, right?"
Jesse nodded and smiled.
"Do you and your friends go out to the bars?"
"Yeah, there's stuff going on everywhere that night."
"So there's girls in lingerie walking around at the bars?"
"A little. Some of them just do that in the dorm."
"Ah, okay, I think I'm getting the picture."
Marla dragged a load of clippings across the yard, dumped them and returned. Jesse was making good progress.
When they were close to done for the day Marla went in the house, leaving Jesse to sweep up the driveway on his own. When he was finished, she greeted him at the front door wearing her new black satin and lace chemise, with the garter straps clipped to her new sheer black thigh-high stockings, the first she'd ever owned in that style. Jesse mumbled "Oh my God!" under his breath, and Marla's crooked smile lit up her face.
"You like this one? You know I bought 'em all for you, right?"
Jesse nodded, speechless, watching with wide eyes as Marla turned to show off the corset-laced back and her sexy ass cheeks peeking out from under. Some of his favorite porn pictures and videos featured garter belts and stockings, but he hadn't told Marla.
"I shouldn't tell you this," she said, "but...I let a guy see me when I tried this on in the store. He was with his girlfriend, almost as close to me as you are."
"No way!" Jesse said, wide eyed. "You did that?"
"I did. And...I kind of loved it."
"You hadn't ever...done something like that, right?"
"No, never. You're giving me confidence to try all kinds of new tricks."
"I am?"
Marla nodded, with a soft, grateful smile on her face. "I feel like I'm just figuring myself out. It's weird, I know."
"No! It's not weird. It's perfect.You'reperfect."
"Ha!" Marla laughed. "Far from it, Mister. But a tiny bit closer to it, thanks to you." She took Jesse's hand and led him to the couch. There was a clear view out the big front window of the front yard and the cars and trucks on the street beyond. "Have you ever gone into a lingerie store? They make some guys nervous. My husband used to get weirded out by 'em."
"Yeah, I bought...something...last year."
"For your girlfriend? What did you get her?"
"It was, like, a fishnet thing. Like, a...bodysuit, I think they called it."
"A fishnet bodysuit? Wow! You don't mess around! Did she like it?"
"Yeah, but...she was sorta nervous about wearing it."
"Why, is she shy? Was it because you guys didn't have much privacy there?"
"Yeah, I think maybe."
"You haven't told me what she looked like. You're a tit man, so I'm guessing I know that much about her."
Jesse blushed. "Am I?"
"You don't think so?"
Jesse shrugged. "She wasn't...big like that."
"Yeah, and you're not going out with her anymore, so I rest my case," Marla said, smiling. "Describe her."
"Real small, I guess you'd say, compared to you."
"You know you're absolutely man enough to have a tall girlfriend, right? Don't let size limit your pool of applicants."
Jesse smiled. "Applicants?"
"You know what I mean. So she's petite and her tits aren't big. What else?"
Jesse loved Marla's curiosity. "Blue eyes, and...dimples. She smiles a lot. My friends all liked her."
"Really cute?"
Jesse nodded.
"Nice ass? Did she show her body, the way she dressed?"
"What do you mean?"
"Oh, I don't know. I'm just curious about how women show themselves. I've never thought about it to much, until recently."
"Oh. Yeah, I guess she sorta does. You mean, like, tight pants?"
"Yeah. And her tops. How small is small?"
"Her...tits, you mean? I shouldn't have said small I guess. Smaller than you. Nice though."
"Do all girls wear bras these days?"
"No. I mean, most do, I guess, but some don't."
"Some don't? Even in class? With male professors?"
"Yeah," Jesse said. "Is that not normal?"
"I've never been a good judge of normal. So what did she look like in the fishnet? Good?"
Jesse smiled. "Super hot."
"Were the holes big enough to...fuck her right through it?"
Jesse nodded, still smiling. "It's got, like...an opening."
"Ohhhh. I get it. A crotchless fishnet bodysuit. You walked into a store, at age eighteen, and bought that. Who was the salesperson?"
"She was, like, old."
"Ha!" Marla laughed. "How old?"
"I don't know; fifty, maybe? She reminded me of the lady at my high school library."
All the air went out of Marla's lungs; she could barley breath, but a deep-pitched belly laugh made its way out of her. 'Fifty maybe' was her own age, give or take a few months, but there was no way she was telling Jesse that. "I'll bet you made her day," she said, still chuckling nervously from the shock of what he'd said. "A cute kid like you buying crotchless fishnet. I'm sure she loved it."
Marla got her mind off of her age the best way she knew how: she opened Jesse's pants, took out his cock and mounted him, an easy thing to do because she'd followed the salesgirl's advice and didn't have any panties on under the sexy chemise. As she rose and fell on Jesse, fucking him with electrifying energy, her increasingly unhinged mind wished someone would come to the open front door; maybe even her mother.
"Godyou feel so fucking good!" she huffed as she rose and fell. "Never in my life have I enjoyed this as much as I do with you."
Jesse was already beyond the talking phase. He wanted to try something, so he held Marla under her thighs and slowed her and stopped her, leaving a little space between their bodies. He looked at his cock there, the connecting link, it's tip still inside her, and he started thrusting upward at a quick clip.
"Holy shit!" Marla exclaimed, holding herself in position with her flexed thigh muscles. "Jesus!...I've got my porn star!"
Jesse's eyes showed his delight and his face was the picture of determination. His hips were wild with energy, fucking at a blurring speed, and Marla was quickly at the screaming stage, letting her ecstatic happiness out into the world. She was putty in Jesse's hands when he rolled her off of him; he pulled her ass upward and fucked her doggy style, and she had a warm and deeply thrilling orgasm that brought Twinkles to her side, purring.
"Ohhh, Twink," she said, breathless. "Things are pretty good these days, huh?"
Marla surprised herself with the next thought that she said out loud, as she lay there cuddling in the afterglow...
"Would you like to go to the lingerie store with me?" she asked. "We could pretend we don't know each other."
"Do you want me to?" Jesse asked. "I'll do it if you want me to."
It was a weekday afternoon at the mall. Marla and Jesse arrived there together in Marla's car, but they went into the store separately, pretending they didn't know each other. The same nice salesgirl was working. Marla was already trying on a bra when Jessie walked in. She was standing outside the dressing room with the girl, discussing the fit of the minimal little breast supporter. Marla had worn a casual dress to the store, and without it she was well exposed: just her simple black panties — the skimpiest ones she owned — and the sexy little see-through bra, one that didn't even try to hide nipple bumps.
The salesgirl excused herself to wait on Jesse. She asked him a few questions and brought him to the rack of skimpy 'bedroom' bras right next to where Marla was standing.
"Do you know her size?" the girl asked him.
"No. But she's...kind of like her," he said, glancing nervously at Marla.
"A big bust, do you mean?" the girl asked him.
Jesse blushed and nodded. "That one would probably fit her," he said, eyeing Marla more thoroughly.
"So, thirty six D, or maybe double D," the girl said. "Do you like that one, or...something different?"
Marla was covered in goosebumps from head to toe. Jesse looked at her tits for what seemed like the longest time, but for Marla time was standing still. Another man, older, sixty maybe, walked into the store and the salesgirl excused herself to see if she could help him. Soon he was nearby, looking at the same racks of naughty lingerie, sneaking glimpses of Marla in her nearly naked state. Everything had happened quickly; it was as thrilling a situation as Marla had ever been in.
"I was...just helping him pick something for his girlfriend," Marla said to the man, her voice sounding a little nervous. She was surprised at herself for speaking up.
"Maybe you can help me," the man said quietly, his words a bit tentative. "I was looking for something for my wife's birthday. I'd like something that she likes as much as I do. Does this...appeal to you?"
He took a hanger of the rack and held up a wispy chemise, short and backless, made of a diaphanous fabric in the most beguiling soft wedgwood blue color.
"Oh, wow," Mara said. "That's beautiful. Yes, I'll bet she'd like it. I could...try it on for you, so you can see what it looks like, if they have my size."
"Oh, I couldn't trouble you," the man said.
"It's no trouble. I actually kind of love it, so I'm going to be trying it on anyway so I can take one home." Marla caught the salesgirl's eye. "Do you have that in my size?"
The girl nodded, smirking. She knew Marla was enjoying herself, playing with the men. "Here you go," she said, handing Marla the wispy little garment. "How about you," she said to Jesse. "Have you decided?"
"I was thinking, maybe...I sort of like that blue one, too."
"Oh, okay. We have one more I think, in that size," the girl said, pawing through the rack. "Oh, shoot. I think maybe she got the last one. Let me go check."
The girl headed to the front of the store to look it up on the computer, and Marla was in the dressing room, getting changed. It was a halfway see-through fabric and the red bra ruined the look of it, so Marla took it off. She left the little black panties on, but they looked appropriate and sexy under the see-through blue. She looked at herself in the dressing room's mirror and was astonished at the way her tits looked; they were draped like the designer himself had done it, loosely and oh-so sexily, with their full shape and form fully visible through the tissue-paper-thin semi-transparency. The full arousal of her nipples was on eye-popping display; she wondered if she should put the bra on after all, but instead she stepped out into the bright florescent light and let four male eyes see her as never before.
"Oh, my!" the man said quietly. "That really is...something, isn't it."
Marla turned like a model to show off the backless back and the lower portion that draped her nice ass as sexily as the front draped her tits. "It's really pretty," she said, twisting to look at herself.
"It certainly is," the man said. He looked enthralled; lost in a little dream.
"Oh, wow," the salesgirl said when she returned. "That works like crazy on you."
Marla giggled, suddenly feeling the full weight of all the attention.
"Sorry," the salesgirl said to Jesse, "That's the last one in that size."
"Oh," Marla said. "Now I feel bad. I'll tell you what, you can have this one, if you don't mind that I've been in it."
"No, I don't mind!" Jesse said, much too enthusiastically. He wondered if anybody was looking at the hard lump in his pants.
Marla giggled at him. "I'll just slip out of it," she said, turning for the dressing room door, feeling a full rash of goosebumps again.
"Thank you, Miss," the man said.
Marla stopped and looked over her shoulder, her backless back bare all the way to the top of her ass, her big breast halfway tumbled out the side of the loosely draped wedgwood blue. "It's Marla," she said, suddenly feeling like a femme fatale in a spy movie. "Glad to have helped."
Out in the parking lot, Marla giggled with giddy excitement over what had happened. "Do you often buy lingerie that's still warm from having a woman in it?" she asked Jesse.
"The girl was giving me the eye," he said. "Do you think she knew about us?"
"Nope. She just thinks you're cute. She probably saw that you had a big boner."
Jesse looked surprised. "You knew?"
"Yeah, I loved it. And you weren't the only one."
"The guy?"
"Yup. He must wear boxers; I could see it down his leg. A nice one."
Jesse smiled his amazement at Marla. "Would you do a guy that old?"
"Lets just say I'm horny ashellright now," she said. "Want a parking lot blowjob?"
"Right here?" He looked around at how tightly hemmed in Marla's car was by other parked cars, and glanced over his shoulder at two older women walking past the back of the car.
"Right here," Marla said. "My mouth is watering. I'd fuck you right here if I thought we could get away with it."
"Maybe if we stay low on the back seat," Jesse said.
Marla's eyes widened. "What, the blowjob, you mean, or do you want to fuck me?"
"I always want to fuck you. Like, honestly, for real. Always."
Marla looked happily shocked. "We can't! ...Can we?"
Jesse turned and surveyed the situation. "If I'm on my back and you...you don't have to take your dress off or anything."
"Well I'm not gonna getnakedhere! Get back there, before I change my mind."
Jesse smiled and scrambled out the door. Marla sat in the driver's seat, watching as he opened the back door and situated himself, lying flat on his back, with a noticeable lump in his pants. "This is crazy," she said. She lifted her butt off the seat and took off her panties, and she tossed them over the seat to her smiling boy-toy. She got out of the car and scurried around to the door he'd left open. She climbed in on top of him, shut the door, and realized just how exposed she'd be. "You better hope we get away with this or I'll be mad at you."
"You're the one who wanted to blow me right in the front seat!"
Marla pulled her dress up to her waist and guided Jesse's hand to her pussy. "Feel me. I'm so wet."
That was the last bit of sensible reality for the next ten minutes or so. Jesse pushed his pants down to his thighs and he just about flew out of his skin when he felt the electricity of Marla's touch, her womanly fingers gripping his rock-hardness, stoking it for a few moments before guiding it into her sopping wet pussy.
"Ohhh, ffuckk!" she said, as her body absorbed him and started fucking. "Good Goddd! Why is this so fucking exciting. I think I'm in trouble."
Jesse didn't care about trouble, or people walking by, or security cameras on the mall's parking lot light poles. Nothing mattered but fucking, fucking the woman he was crazy about, fucking her until she had one of her beautiful orgasms, like the ones that haunted his dreams.
It didn't take long. She was primed and ready for one and it exploded through her with vibrating intensity, but Jesse knew he could keep her there, keep her as high as a kite, as long as he stayed hard and kept giving it to her the way she loved it.
"Jesus!" she mumbled, her eyes rolling, as his steady thrusting continued. "Oh god! Aren't we stopping?Fuck!"
She was in the eye rolling zone, and the real world was gone. Her perfect young lover was at it again, carrying her away. She sat up on him and rode him cowgirl style, with her head bent down to clear the roof, and she reached behind herself and unzipped her dress and Jesse thought she was going to take if off. She didn't. She just needed access so she could take off her bra. Through the whole procedure she never stopped fucking, frantic at times, enough to make the car bounce on it's springs. She pulled her dress up high enough for Jesse to get his hands inside, up on her tits.
"Ohhh, that's it!" she huffed, and her fucking increased in intensity and her eyes started rolling again. Jesse ramped up his efforts, matching her frantic rhythm with his hips, putting some serious oomph behind it. The car was rocking and rolling.
Through clenched teeth she begged, "Fuck me!...Fuck the shit outa me!"
Orgasm number two gripped her and she shook like an out of balance washing machine. She gurgled and grunted and Jesse came deep inside her, huffing a moan with each spurt of his throbbing cock. He felt the texture change, deep in her pussy; slippery and gripping; warm like home and tight like heaven. He didn't want to end things, but he knew they were pushing their luck.
"Oh my God," Marla said, looking stunned, her awareness of her surroundings just starting to filter in. "That got a little...crazy."
"Yup. We better, sorta...get the hell outta here, don't you think?"
"Yeah," Marla said, lifting herself off Jesse's softening noodle. Some of his cum followed it out, wet and sloppy. Marla used the bottom of her dress to clean things up a little. "Wow" she said, gradually getting her wits about her. "You fucked my brains right out of my head, I think. This is nuts. We gotta go."
"Zip your dress," Jesse said, when Marla stood outside the car looking a little stunned and very disheveled.
He pulled up his pants and followed her, and then they were sitting in the front again, looking at each other like they couldn't believe what had happened.
"Did we forget anything? Where's my bra?"
Jesse craned his neck and looked in the back. "It's on the floor. You want it?"
"No, I didn't want to leave it in the parking lot. So that was...interesting, huh?"
"Very."
"Want me to drop you at your dorm, or would you rather take the bus from my house?"
"You can drop me. Maybe my friends will see how hot you are."
"Yeah, right!" she said, looking at herself in the rear view mirror. "I'm a mess!"
They were up on University Hill just a few minutes later thanks to light traffic and lots of green lights. Marla was still a little out of it, her mind still reeling. She looked at herself in the mirror as she drove and fixed her hair again.
"This is gonna be weird," she said. "I haven't pulled up in front of the old dorm building in years. Last time might be when I moved out."
"Really? You never came back?"
"Yeah, I guess I did. Probably not in a car, though. I've been to alumni functions up here, but not at the dorm."
She parked on the street, not quite directly in front of the dorm. They sat there quietly and Marla looked around at the familiar surroundings: brick and granite buildings, some of them a hundred and fifty years old, with ivy vines climbing up their flanks; stately trees standing sentinel, the maples already bare of leaf for the coming winter and oaks still clinging to their mahogany-brown foliage. Whenever Marla visited the campus it always felt like she was lost in a time-warp, and that feeling was even stronger with the youth of Jesse by her side.
It was a weekday afternoon, so there were quite a few students on the sidewalks and coming and going from the buildings. "That's one of the guys we party with," Jesse said, pointing at a young man sitting on the granite steps to the dorm.
Marla thought about asking his name, but she didn't. She just looked at him. He looked slightly older than Jesse, but not much. He had a white collared shirt on, worn open over a t-shirt of some kind, and black jeans on his muscular looking legs. His head was tipped down, his attention focused on the phone in his hand.
"That's Ashley," Jesse said, pointing at an approaching walker on the sidewalk. "She's a friend of ours."
"Wow," Marla said. "Did I look that young when I was here?"
Jesse smiled at the thought. "Do you have pictures from when you went here?"
"Yeah," Marla said, smirking. "But I'm not sure I want to show you. It'll make you realize how old I really am. I'm doing my best to keep you in the dark."
"If you want," Jesse said, with a shrug of his shoulders. "You really don't have to worry about it, though."
"You'd better go, before your friends see you and ask who I am."
"Yeah, I gotta get to the library and work on something for class tomorrow. It was fun...today."
Mara smiled. "Yeah it was. Thanks for going with me. You probably think I'm a total pervert now, right?"
"What's wrong with that?" Jesse said, smiling. "Text me?"
Marla nodded. "I feel like kissing you, but...maybe we should save that for private."
Jesse leaned over and gave her a nice kiss on the lips, surprising Marla. Her eyes sparked with happiness when he withdrew. He twisted himself around his seat and reached into the back for something, his hand coming up with Marla's discarded brassiere.
"I'm keepin' this," he said, and he was quickly out the door, smiling, waving at her with the hand that held it.
"Hey!" Marla yelled, but it was wasted breath.
She smiled with amazement as she watched the purple of it in his hand as he walked away. He wadded it up and stuffed it in his pocket before he reached his friends on the steps. Marla sat there in her car, feeling excitement and happiness and contentment all in one. She wondered if the boy and girl he was talking to were at last year's Halloween party, part of the chanting audience that watched the two tiger-face-painted girls go wild.
Halloween was just a week away and Marla wondered if there would be wild, sexual parties again, maybe lots of them, all throughout the building. A slight twinge of jealousy crossed her mind and she thought of inviting Jesse to spend Halloween night with her at her house. They could watch a scary movie, and actually sleep together, and wake up in the morning and have breakfast. She could make pancakes, and decorate them with jam like a jack-o-lantern, like her mother used to do.
Marla was ready to drive away when she glanced up at the building's windows, and she wished she was a twenty-year-old again so she could sleep in Jesse's bed, with his roommate Derek there, and she could tease Derek the way his girlfriend Morgan teases Jesse. Maybe Morgan would be there, too, and the whole teasing thing would explode into a fourway orgy, something Marla never would have had the nerve to do back in her own college days.
"Maybe I'll just crash the Halloween party," she said, quietly, to no one but herself in the car. She tried to picture what the expression on Jesse's face would look like if he saw her walk in, masked and costumed, and he suddenly realized it was her.
She started her car and made a u-turn so as to not have to drive right past Jesse and his friends, and the idea of the happily surprised look on his face at the party stayed with her all the way home.
—
Jesse spent Saturday evening with Marla, and he slept in her bed for the first time, and she made him a cheesy omelet for breakfast. She wore the wispy, draping, wedgwood blue chemise for her cooking, and she felt as sexy as sexy can be with the backless back of it toward Jesse, with her naked buttocks draped with the semi-transparent wisp.
"Do you think there'll be parties in your building Tuesday?" she asked, with her back still to him.
"For Halloween, you mean? Yeah, I'm sure. Want me to video it for you, if something happens?"
When Marla turned to look at him Jesse was smirking. "Would you like that?" she asked. "Showing it to me?"
Jesse nodded, his mischievous smile giving Marla a shot of goosebumps. "Maybe I'll come and see it for myself," she said, feeling the tingle even more. "I could wear a costume."
"For real?" Jesse asked. He looked surprised, but less so than he would have been a week or two ago. His eyes twinkled with intrigue. "Would you...want to?"
She crooked a leg and stood there with her arms crossed under her breasts, holding a spatula in one hand. "I think maybe I do," she said. "I thought of it a couple days ago and I can't seem tostopthinking about it. It's crazy, though...right?"
"No, it's not crazy. It's...it's a good idea," Jesse said. "I can show you my room."
"You're not just saying that? I mean, it's totally nuts. I should have my head examined."
"No," Jesse said, looking sincere. "You should do it."
"What if I end up on that Dare Dorm porn site?" she asked. "Would you still love me?" Her goosebumps flared, enough to be noticeable, when she let the 'L' word out into the open.
"I would. I will," Jesse said, smiling with eyes twinkling, making Marla melt. He wanted to go all the way and say 'I do', but he chickened out.
—
Marla went back to the shopping mall first thing Monday morning. She was surprised to see an elderly married couple there, friends of her mother, walking the nearly empty corridor in front of the lingerie store, getting their morning exercise. Marla said hello to them and chatted a little, and ducked into the store when they walked away.
The nice salesgirl smiled when she recognized Marla. "Hi, how are 'ya," she said.
"Oh, hi," Marla said. "I, um...I noticed last time that you have some Halloween things."
"Sure. Yup, we do," the girl said, guiding Marla to it. "We've got a couple of racks; some of it's lingerie and some of it's more costume oriented. You'd look good in all of it, but some of the super short skirt things would look really hot on you with your long legs."
"You probably don't have any masks, do you?"
"Yup, we do. We actually keep those in stock year 'round. They're not, like, Halloween masks; they're more like Mardi Gras things with feathers and jewels. Some of them are really pretty."
"Oh, wow. I didn't think you'd have anything like that."
"They're sort of...well, I can tell you, you're cool...my boss calls them orgy masks. They're kind of surprisingly popular. People use them for home-made porn, too, I think, but they're nice for Halloween."
Marla pulled some things off the rack and held them up and looked at them.
"Are you thinking of just a costume?" the girl asked. "Or maybe some new pieces to go under it, too?"
"I'm...not really sure," Marla said, working her way through the items on the rack. "My boyfriend mentioned liking fishnet body suits. Would there be any way to work something like that into a Halloween type costume?"
"Oh. Sure, why not. We have them in black, red and white. Maybe a black one under a black witch costume, with a back mask. That'd be fun."
"Is the fishnet...crotchless?"
"Some of them. We have a black one that is, but even the ones that aren't can be ripped that way, so that's kinda fun. Have you had one before? They're not expensive; they're kind of meant to be rip-able and disposable. Guys have fun ripping them open. We also have fishnet tights that are just waist high. There's a few different styles; there's one that I love that's made to sort of look like a garter belt and stockings, but it's all one piece. That one would be great under this nun costume. The leg parts look like fishnet stockings and have some cool designs in them. You could wear black panties with them if you wanted."
The girl went to get a package of them to show Marla the picture on it, and Marla continued to hold the short little nun costume in her hand while she looked through the rest of the rack. It was a short, black mini dress, with a low scoop neck and long sleeves that were wide and bell-like at the wrists. It came with a large plastic crucifix necklace, a wide white fabric choker to wear around the neck, and a nun's 'habit' head-piece, black, with white at the top, the black part long enough to hang down the back or over a shoulder. Marla was holding the hanger up, looking at all the pieces of it again when the salesgirl returned.
"That would look killer with this," she said, handing Marla the package with the picture on it of the fanciest fishnet tights she'd ever seen.
"Oh, wow!" she said. "Those look amazing!"
"Aren't they nice? I wouldn't even call them crotchless; they're more wide open on the front and back, more like a garter belt. I just love the way they're all one piece but it looks like stockings, and all those thin straps holding them up and that garter belt looking area all around the top. They're one of my favorites. I can't let you try those on, but, would you like to try on that little nun dress?"
"Yes."
—
The sun went down at 6PM on October 31st, the long days of the summer solstice nothing but a memory. An hour later it was dark. Marla had a bag of candy bars just inside the front door of her house, just in case, but her instinct had been correct; she had no trick-or-treaters.
"I guess I'll be putting on a pound or two, Twink," she said to her stick-tight cat. "I'll share them with Jesse so I won't have to be quite such a pig. Wanna go upstairs with me and watch me get dressed for the party? You're gonna think I'm a big ol' slut, but hey, what are 'ya gonna do."
Marla opened a Hershey bar and took a bite of it as she ascended the stairs. Twinkles followed close behind, waiting on the bathroom rug while Marla took a three minute shower, a quick but thorough washing from the neck down.
"Showers are no fun without Jesse," she said to Twinkles as she dried herself. She picked up the clothes she'd been wearing and walked naked to the bedroom. Twink jumped up on the bed and laid down so as to have a good view of the action. "You're purry today," Marla said, petting his head. "You happy? I hope I'm happy later. Do you think it's crazy that I want Jesse to fuck me on his dorm room bed? I think it'll be a fun memory for him, when he's older and thinks about college, and I wanna do it, too. It's been so long since I was with a boy in that building. It might be tricky though. I'm meeting him and his friends at a bar and, I don't know how it's all going to work out. I might come home all embarrassed after just half an hour."
Marla started the process of carefully putting on the sexy tights. They were much higher quality than the easily ripped fishnet bodysuits, so she eased them onto her long legs and smoothed them up her thighs, and she carefully pulled the garter-belt-like part up to her waist. She'd tried them on at home the day she bought them, and she was once again amazed at how smokin' hot they looked on her.
"Damn," she said, looking at her mostly naked self in the mirror. "These things are awesome, don't you think Twink? Jesse's gonna love 'em. I look like a wicked hot call girl or something, right?"
Twink purred, keeping his eye on Marla.
"I'm going with panties," she said to him. "I know you thought I could get away without 'em the other day, but this little dress is just too short. If I wasn't going to a bar first I might risk it."
She pulled a pair of skimpy black panties up her legs, and adjusted them over the top of her garter-like tights. The little nun dress went on next, with no bra under it. She'd tried wearing one under it the other day, but the dress was tight enough and tailored enough on top to hold her in good stead without it, and it was way sexier that way.
"Damn, that's short," she said, looking in the mirror. "Looks like my legs go all the way to my shoulders."
She placed the wide white fabric choker around her neck and fastened it with the velcro, and she put on the big plastic crucifix pendant. The cheap chain was longish, so the stylized cross hung down below her prodigious cleavage, in front of the black of the dress, where it really stood out.
"This costume's blasphemy, probably, right Twink? My mother would kill me if she ever saw me in this."
She put on a pair of black high heeled shoes, ones with a single strap around each ankle, and she fixed her hair with her fingers and she put on the long black 'habit' headpiece with the white trim at the top, and suddenly she was a very very inappropriate looking nun.
"Damn," she said, looking at herself. "It's amazing what a cheap Chinese costume can do for a person, isn't it."
Twinkles purred.
"Oh, wait, I forgot the mask. God, I can't do that, can I."
She took off the habit, put on the black feathery mask and put the habit on again. Her sparkling eyes, her nose and her pretty smile showed, but the mask did a remarkable job of transforming her into a woman of mystery. She'd tried it all on the other day, and once again, there in the mirror, she was satisfied with her anonymity.
"I'll probably be the only dorky old lady with a mask on at the bar. Oh well. It'll be worth it, I hope."
She took off the habit and mask, dabbed some perfume on various parts of her, did a quick touchup of her eye makeup, and lipsticked her lips with her sexiest red.
"Okay, Mister, let's go get you fed; I'm hoping I'll be gone a while."
The neighborhood of drinking establishments was known as The Zoo, a three-block-long stretch within walking distance of campus. Back when Marla was a student she'd spent many a Friday and Saturday night prowling the bars there with her friends, but she hadn't set foot in any of them or even driven down the street in many many years.
Charlie's Pub, affectionately known as Chuck's, was a homely box of a building with walls of aging concrete, colorfully dappled with faded graffiti along the sidewalk. Rusted steel bars protected the lone small window and the neon sign behind the dirty glass that read: BEER. There was another barroom almost directly across the road, and another farther up the block and two more beyond that. The Zoo seemed an appropriate moniker for the neighborhood, especially on that Halloween night, with the youthful humanity on the street looking primed and ready for the wild life. Into the fray walked a masked middle aged nun, with 'fuck me' fishnet stockings and 'squeeze me' bra-less cleavage that moved and jiggled like a whore's. She'd stepped out of her car with a modicum of confidence, but the looks she received on the sidewalk sapped some of her willpower to continue with her crazy plan. The college girls in their sexy costumes were so very young, and the boys looked at her like she was from outer space, maybe one of those fleshy Star Trek alien women with the big breasts, the characters who always die in Captain Kirk's arms.
It was the overwhelming youth that shocked her. There was talk in political circles of raising the drinking age to 21, but for the time being it was still 18, and the revelers on the street all looked like teenagers. The other day when she'd dropped Jesse off at his dorm she'd noticed the youthfulness of the students, but in their class-day clothes it hadn't seemed quite so pronounced.
There was a noticeable quieting of banter as she walked past groups of young people, their eyes all on her as she made her way to the door of Charlie's Pub. She hoped to God that Jesse was already there, as he said he'd be, but there was still the pretending to do, and the standing by herself at the bar, and the ordering of a drink. As she walked inside she thought about turning to leave, maybe going to a bar with adults her own age, but then she saw him, Jesse, in the dim darkness, wearing a bowler-style hat and a fake mustache. He was with a group of friends, as he said he'd be. Marla made her way to the bar, as close as she could to him, but she pretended she was on her own, the way they had planned.
"Vodka tonic," she said to the bartender, a boy no older than Jesse.
"Lime?" he asked.
Marla nodded. The drink was in front of her moments later, in a plastic cup, with lots of ice. She was glad it was strong, maybe on purpose because the boy liked her sexy costume, or maybe he made them all that way.
It went down easy; ice cold and smooth on her tongue. She drank it quicker than a person normally would and she ordered another, amazed that one little drink was enough to ease her nerves and make her want to stay.
Jesse did just like they'd planned, keeping his group close to Marla at the bar. She chatted up one of the friendlier looking girls, talking about the University, and the dorm where she used to live.
"That's our dorm!" the girl said. "Oh my God!"
Two of the other girls gathered around her and Marla felt as tall as a giant, her high heeled shoes fidgety on the dirty wood floor.
"What's your name?" one of the girls asked. "Have you been here before?"
"Minka," Marla said, surprised at herself for coming up with a quick, workable answer. "Yes, I've been here," she said, not telling the girls it was three decades ago, when the place was called Moe's.
"Minka? That sounds Russian. Are you Russian?"
"Maybe," Marla said, smiling a beautiful crooked smile with her red lipsticked lips.
After the second drink Marla felt young again and she giggled with the girls and flirted with the boys. Jesse kept his distance, unsure of how to play things, worried he might make a mistake and give away his friendship with the sexy, masked nun.
Early on, Marla figured out who Derek and Morgan were. They were the only interracial couple in the group, their skin colors as far apart as could be; hers as pale as heavy cream, his as rich as the darkest chocolate. But even without the interracial aspect Marla probably would have been able to glean Morgan's identity. She had the most extraordinary ass, just like Jesse has said; the kind that might make the cover of a swimsuit issue. It was shown off to near perfection by her Wonder Woman costume, a red white and blue one piece swimsuit overlaid around her middle by a wide gold band that was laced in the back. Sparkly red high heeled boots gave her legs and ass the perfect posture, and a pointy gold headband with a red star on it adorned her forehead.
Marla didn't want to cause even a twinge of jealousy amongst the girls, so she didn't talk to any of the boys one-on-one. Two of the boys were flirty with her, but she wasn't sure of the relationship status of everyone so she fended them off, much to the delight of the first girl she'd met. Her name was Sarah, and she was dressed in yellow pants and a red sweatshirt, with a rooster hat on her head, made out of felt. A big yellow beak projected off her forehead, with black eyes above it and an orange crest that stood up straight on the top.
"Oh my God," Sarah chuckled. "Our dorky friends are making fools of themselves around you."
"Trust me, I don't mind," Marla said to her. "When you get to be my age you'll love it, too."
"That costume's really sexy," Sarah said. "When you walked in my friend Jesse actually choked on his beer."
"Really?" Marla said, smiling. "Which one's Jesse?"
"The cute one with the dorky clothes and the hat and mustache. He usually looks better than that."
"Oh, heiscute. So, when you say friend, does that mean you two haven't dated?"
"I wish," Sarah said. "Even a one-nighter would be fun. I just think he's hot. He went out with a friend of ours last year, but this year he doesn't seem as interested."
"Who did he date? Is she here?"
"No, we don't see her much," Sarah said, gazing at Jesse for a few moments. "I think he likes skinny girls."
"What do you mean?"
"I heard one of the guys he hangs around with call me 'fat' a few days ago."
"Was Jesse with him," Marla asked, hoping he wasn't.
"No, but...they probably all think it."
"Don't jump to conclusions," Marla said, suddenly feeling motherly. "You're a cute girl; I thought so right away."
"Yeah; 'cute' doesn't get you any," Sarah said dejectedly.
"Sure it does. I really shouldn't be encouraging you, but Halloween's a good night to go a little wild, right?"
Sarah smiled and looked curious. "What are you doing here? Are you meeting somebody?"
"Oh. Yeah, just a guy I met," Marla said. "I'm beginning to wonder if he played a joke on me when he told me to meet him here. It's not exactly a place either of us fit in."
"Really? You think he would have done that? Toyou?" Sarah gave Marla the once over again, eyeing her deep cleavage and her long, fishnet-clad legs.
"Yeah, I don't know. He should have been here a long time ago. I guess I'll go home and spend another Halloween alone. At least I've got some candy there, and a cat to keep me company."
"Hey you guys," Sarah called out to the group. "I'm inviting Minka to come back and party with us. Is that okay?"
"Yeah!" one of the boys said, loud and excited. The others, especially the boys, chimed in with their happy approval.
"Oh, I shouldn't," Marla said. "At the dorm, you mean?"
"You should come with us," one of the other girls said. "We don't have any fancy drinks, but...if you're not fussy..."
"What about...there might be weed and stuff," Jesse said.
"What, do you think I'm a narc or something?" Marla said.
"No, I just didn't know if you'd mind."
"Hey, I'm easy to get along with. You guys wouldn't mind? I'm kind of old for a dorm party."
"No, we'd love it!" the other girl said. "Do you feel like gettin' crazy?"
Marla did. She was amazed at how smoothly the set-up had gone. She looked Jesse in the eyes and saw his excitement. She felt a wild, tingling stirring inside her gut and her chest. Everything seemed new and different. High up on her high heels, looking down on every other girl in the group and most of the boys, she felt oddly in charge of things, like she could steer things any way she wanted. It was a powerful feeling, and she liked it.
"Let's go get crazy," she said, and almost everyone in the group whooped and yelled. She looked at Jesse again. He was silent, but she could tell he was happy.
Out on the street Halloween night was in full swing, with cheaply costumed college kids coming and going, some thoroughly drunk already, catcalling the sexy girls and Marla too.
"We all walked here," Sarah said. "Are you...?"
"I've got my car," Marla said. "I don't really want to leave it down here. Wanna ride with me?"
"I'm goin' with Minka you guys," Sarah called out to the group.
Jesse emerged from the group with a smirk on his face. "Do you trust her?" he said. "She's not a real nun."
"I'll bet some nuns look like her. They're real women," Sarah said. "Quit staring at us. It's rude you know."
Jesse apologized and faded back into the group.
"I thought you wanted to get some tonight," Marla said, walking toward the car. "Telling a boy to stop looking at you is a strange way of doing it."
"I know," Sarah said, dejectedly. "Cute guys make me nervous. I'm always saying stupid things."
"Next time say the opposite," Marla said. "Something like... Do you like what you see? Pretend you're a different kind of person, and...you sort of will be. Does that make sense?"
"Is that what you do?" Sarah asked. She was more and more fascinated by Marla.
The two women got into Marla's car, closed the doors and suddenly the party atmosphere of the street was shut out. The little nun dress was so short Marla's black panties could be seen, along with the true nature of the faux-garter belt fishnet tights she wore.
"Oh my God!" Sarah giggled. "It's a good thing you didn't sit down at the bar!"
Marla smiled. "You shouldn't drink any more," she said, looking into Sarah's mildly tipsy eyes. "You want a clear memory of getting lucky tonight, right?"
Sarah smiled. "You gonna wear that mask while you drive?"
"Yup. I'm not me tonight, and I'm kind of liking it. Sorry, I don't mean to be rude."
"No, I don't mind," Sarah said, wondering who Marla was.
Marla pulled away from her parking spot and passed Jesse and his friends walking on the sidewalk. "What do you think of Jesse's roommate? Is he nice?"
Sarah looked a little surprised. "Derek? Did you meet him?"
"I just...overheard someone mention it. I shouldn't have been eavesdropping."
"Yeah, he's great," Sarah said. "Totally sexy, don't you think?"
"I do."
"It's so funny that he's dressed like a gay guy tonight because he'ssonot gay," Sarah said. "His girlfriend's a real nympho I think. I heard they have sex all over campus."
"Really? Would you do that kind of thing?"
"With him? Hell yeah," Sarah said.
Marla smiled at her as they drove out of the busy neighborhood. She wondered what would make a somewhat overweight girl want to dress like a rooster, especially when she so clearly wanted to hook up with a cute boy.
"Did you wear your good underwear?" Marla asked her.
"Good underwear? Likethat, you mean?" Sarah looked right at Marla's uncovered crotch, noticing more of the details of the super sexy lingerie. "I don't have any."
"You need to get some. It's funny how it transforms the way you feel."
"Yeah but...you've got the body for it," Sarah said. "Your legs are like a mile long."
"That's not the way to think about it. You're curvy. You'd look good. Tell yourself that."
Sarah smiled, feeling the drinks that she's drunk. "I'm curvy. I'd look good." She giggled and stared at the side of Marla's face as Marla drove. "Are you a lesbian?"
Marla's eyes widened with surprise. "What? No!"
"Okay," Sarah said, smiling. "You're very mysterious. I though maybe you were gonna kidnap me. I wouldn't have minded."
"You wouldn't? Areyougay?"
"Nope," Sarah said.
Sarah sat back and watched the nighttime pass by the car; the occasional trick-or-treaters; the students walking. Marla made her feel comfortable in an odd sort of way. It was the nun thing, she was pretty sure. She was a Catholic who didn't go to church during the semester, but nuns had been a big part of her life at her Catholic elementary and high school.
"I don't stand a chance if a guy's willing to blow off a date with someone like you," she said out of the blue.
"How old are you?" Marla asked.
"Nineteen."
"God, what I wouldn't give," Marla said, shaking her head. "I'm going to give you some more completely inappropriate advice. I didn't havenearlyenough sex when I was your age. I really wish I'd been sluttier, to be perfectly honest with you. I feel like I missed a whole lotta fun." Marla pulled the car to the curb a block away from the dorm and shut off the engine. "I still remember the cute guys that were in the dorm when I was living here. I wish I'd fucked every one of them."
Sarah looked shocked, but her eyes were twinkling with happy intrigue. "Really?"
"Really," Marla said. "You shouldn't do anything you don't want to do, but if youdowant to, then do it, I say. But what do I know; I'm just a horny old broad who probably shouldn't be here tonight."
Sarah smiled and the alcohol in her made her giggle. Marla giggled, too.
The granite steps to the dorm felt like a time machine, and the lobby made Marla's waking dream vivid. It looked the same, for the most part, and even smelled the same, but the old freight-style elevator with the finger-pinching gate was gone, replaced by a sleek, modern elevator car. It sat open, with glowing fluorescent light inside, waiting to whisk her and Sarah upward, but they stayed there in the lobby, waiting for Jesse and the others.
Marla's nerves acted up while she stood there. There were students coming and going in the lobby, and every single person who caught a glimpse of her in her sexy little nun getup looked at her like she was an outlier. She crossed her arms under her breasts, and held her legs close together. She wished she had the long coat that she'd left in the car. She wished she was dressed like a rooster in a sweatshirt.
"Here they come," Sarah said, looking out the big front window.
When the group reconvened they all took the stairs up out of the lobby, and Marla was glad; she wanted her memories of the old freight elevator to remain strong.
"Who's having the party?" she asked as they climbed.
"A room down the hall from us," Jesse said. "There's probably one on each floor."
Marla was a third floor tenant back when she lived there, but the gang filed off the stairway at the second floor, turning right, heading for an open door where people were milling around in the hallway. There was music coming from inside the room, modern dance club pop that throbbed with a rubbery, bassy beat. Happy greetings were made between the newcomers and the hall-dwellers, and one by one Jesse's friends went inside. Marla followed Sarah, feeling even more out of place than she did down in the lobby. It was a crowded room, with a kind of energy Marla hadn't experienced in decades.
"This is Minka," Sarah said loudly over the music, introducing Marla to two girls dressed as playing cards. "We met her at Chuck's."
The girls smiled and said hello and didn't act oddly about Marla being there, so she relaxed a little. Sarah introduced her to more people, and everyone seemed laid back and happy. And half drunk. The booze was flowing freely, a mystery concoction that came out of the spigot of a big rectangular cooler. The liquid was oddly colored, vaguely reddish, and it seemed to be doing a fine job of lubricating the happy masses. There was a keg of beer against the wall, and a rousing game of beer pong on a table in the middle of the room. Marla noticed at least two phones out, held up to take either pictures or video. She was glad she had her mask to hide behind.
"Want a drink?" Sarah asked her, speaking close to her ear.
Marla shook her head. "I want a clear memory, remember?"
Sarah looked at her with subtle surprise. Does Minka want to get lucky, too, Sarah wondered? That's what she told me to stay clear-headed for.
"Holy shit, a nun!" a drunk boy said. "What's your name, Sister? You're hot asfuck!
"Minka," Marla yelled over the loud music. "Sister Minka."
"Sister Minka!" the boy yelled. "Fuck! I wanna go to catholic school! You wanna punish me?"
"Maybe later," Marla smiled.
"He's a dork," Sarah said when he walked away.
"Like I said earlier, when you get to be my age any attention is good attention."
"Hi, Jesse," Sarah said, when he casually wandered over. "I like your clothes and your hat."
"I got 'em at the thrift shop down on Franklin. Where'd you get your rooster hat?"
"That costume shop out on the Boulevard. I feel like a dork. I should have just wrapped myself in a sheet and painted hearts and clubs on it like they did," she said, gesturing to the four girls dressed as playing cards. Four aces, two of them with bra straps showing, two without.
"Yeah," Jesse said, looking genuinely pleased with the vision in his mind of Sarah's curvy body dressed that way. "Maybe next year."
Sarah looked shy but happy, her eyes twinkling a little each time she looked at Jesse.
"You guys ever hear of friends with benefits?" Marla asked, surprising her two young friends. "I keep hearing about it. Is that really a thing your generation does?"
"I guess," Jesse said, shrugging his shoulders. "Yeah, some of our friends sorta do that."
"Who?" Sarah asked.
"Oh. I...shouldn't say."
"Good answer," Marla said. "You can trust him." She winked at Sarah and Sarah looked amazed. "Is there a bathroom?" Marla asked.
"This one's probably gross," Sarah said. "You can use mine. It's upstairs."
"Mine's just down the hall," Jesse said.
"Okay, Mister. Lead the way."
"Are you coming back?" Sarah asked, wistfully.
"Of course!" Marla said. "Just a quick pee."
In the quiet of Jesse's room, Marla took off the nun's habit and the feathery mask and she looked around, instinctively drawn to his side of the room, touching his desk and his books with her fingers. "She's cute. I like her."
"Who? Sarah? Yeah, she's really nice."
"I kind of hope you don't fall in love with her, but...she'd really love one of those friends with benefits kind of arrangements."
Jesse was momentarily speechless.
"Do you think she's cute?" Marla asked.
Jesse nodded. "She's got a great smile."
Marla squinted. "Is that a polite way of saying she's fat? She's not, really. Just a little heavy. Is that not your body type?"
Jesse shrugged. "No, I don't mind. Why are you asking all this? Did she say something about me?"
"Just that you're cute. You and Derek. She's just frustrated with being single and horny. College should be more fun that that, don't you think?"
"Yeah."
"It's just something to think about," Marla said. "I don't want to lose you, but...I wouldn't mind sharing."
Marla did her business in the bathroom and rejoined Jesse, sitting next to him on his bed. "Ready to take me back in there?" she said. "Remember when you said you'd still love me even if I get a little crazy?"
"Yeah."
"Kiss me. Make me horny enough to forget who I am."
A quick but passionate make-out session took place on Jesse's bed. Marla's crotch was on display again, the ridiculously short nun dress doing nothing to cover it, and Jesse's hand was there, feeling the new textures of her skimpy black panties and her fishnet tights. His eyes went there, too.
"Oh my God, those stockings are amazing!" he said.
"Aren't they cool? Wait'll you see them when there's nothing else on me. They look wild."
Jesse backed off just enough to try and decipher the look on Marla's face, but he didn't ask her what she was up to. He wasn't sure he wanted to know.
"Let's go," she said. "I think I'm ready."
The party was loud and full throttle with drinking, just the way Marla had envisioned it. It was more crowded than she thought it would be, enough that she had to squeeze herself past happy looking boys in order to reclaim her spot next to Sarah.
"I thought maybe you got lost," Sarah said, with a coy look in her curious eyes.
"Jesse showed me his room. It's been so long since I've been here."
"Oh, yeah," Sarah said. "Is it sorta the same?"
"Yeah. It's kind of freaky," Marla said. She noticed the beer pong game had escalated and there were pieces of costumes being shed. "A strip game?"
"Yeah," Sarah said. "You can just watch. You won't be the only one."
"Isn't it more fun to play?" Marla said, with a wink.
"No! You're...not thinking of it...are you?"
Sarah was shocked that the look on Marla's face was that of a person about to join in. She was even more shocked when Marla stepped into the open near the action and asked the rules. Two very excited boys explained things, and Marla nodded her understanding.
"I'm in," she said. "But I'm not doing the drinking part and the mask and the stockings don't come off. Everything else is fair game."
The partiers whooped their approval, especially the boys.
"I need a partner," Marla said, looking around for the only known exhibitionist in the room. "Wonder Woman, how about you?"
"Why me?" Morgan asked. "I suck at this."
"We'll suck together," Marla said, and the whoopers whooped again.
Morgan looked at Derek and shrugged her shoulders.
It goes down in dormitory lore as one of the ultimate beer pong trouncings — eight winning shots by the boys, eight losing shots by the girls. Morgan and Marla alternated their disrobing, both of them removing piece after piece without hesitation, feeding off each other's exhibitionist desires.
It started with the most minimal of teases — Marla took off her black and white nun's habit, revealing all of her pretty hair, and Morgan took off the gold Wonder Woman headband with the red star on it.
The white fabric choker around Marla's neck was the next thing to go, and it was interesting to see how just those first two items transformed her look from sexy cartoon into real woman.
Morgan gave up the wide, gold 'shield' around her midsection, employing a happy boy's help for the untying of the back of it. "Yyyeahh!" he yelled when it was off, holding it up high. The room whooped, but there was tension in the air.
Morgan only had two items left — her sparkly red high heeled boots and her red white and blue one-piece swimsuit — so Marla decided to keep her own high heeled shoes on, in order to even up the striptease. She gave up her panties, pushing them down her long, fishnet clad legs with a lady-like squat to avoid peeks under her little black long-sleeved mini dress. She put the panties on the beer-puddled game table, and her male competitor's smiles thrilled her.
"Don't you guys ever miss?" Morgan said to the two boys. She pretended to be unhappy even though she wasn't. She was perfectly, wonderfully excited, and she stripped off the red white and blue and made herself nude from the boots up. There were enthusiastic whoops, but it was restrained; the intoxicated crowd was fascinated by what was to come. The ping pong balls obviously had a mind of their own that night, and the probable unveiling of Marla's big, womanly tits was most likely the next prize.
"Fuckin' epic!" a male voice yelled.
Morgan felt thrillingly alive standing there in the middle of everything. Her it's-the-best ass fought for attention with her remarkably sexy young tits, with wildly aroused nipples that drew everyone's eyes and looked ready for every tongue in the room to taste them. And then the boy bounced the ping pong ball and it landed in the cup and the room started chanting for Marla's little dress.
"Dress!...Dress!...Dress!...Dress!...Dress!..."
The dress came off, a little more awkwardly than she would have liked, and Marla was a masked, tall, long legged vision, wearing nothing but her wildly crotchless faux-garter-belt tights and high heels. The room nearly went insane. Phones were videoing and Sarah was wide eyed and speechless in the crowd.
Jesse couldn't believe his eyes, either, not just because Marla had done such a wild and crazy thing, but because of how astonishingly sexy she looked. The stocking-ish things she wore looked nothing short of amazing on her, the backside wide open with an arching curve that framed the bare cheeks of her lovely ass, and the front wide open, too, with her nicely groomed pussy looking extra lippy. The numerous faux garter straps that connected the top part to the stocking part visually lengthed her thighs, making her high-heeled legs look like those of a goddess. But was her tits that stole the show and caused such a commotion, as aroused looking as Jesse had ever seen them, looking remarkably perky for their big size, moving beautifully with her deep breathing chest. He looked at the eyes behind her feathery mask and he saw wild, dark excitement. He wanted to go to her side and be with her, but, for the time being, she was on her own.
"The floor's wet, boys," she said to the hot-handed beer pong players. "We're keeping our shoes on." She turned to Morgan. "Buy me a drink, sweetheart?"
Morgan smiled. She'd thought maybe they'd climb back into their clothes, at least some of them, but Marla took her arm and they headed for the cooler with the oddly reddish drink. Boys and girls whooped as their naked bodies squeezed past in the crowded room. Marla was amazed how many people had packed in during the game.
With drinks in hand they found space by the foot of one of the two beds in the room. One of the boys brought Marla the nun's habit and the white choker, and she smiled and felt wickedly naughty when she put them on.
"Are you catholic?" she asked him.
"Yup."
"Keep watching, you might see something that excites you." Marla leaned in and whispered in Morgan's ear. "Wanna kiss me?"
Morgan didn't need any prodding. She'd enjoyed girls sexually back in her slutty high school days, and the nudity and the situation had turned on her nympho cravings in a big way. She kissed Marla without thought; full-on, open-mouthed, in a way that took Marla by surprise. It wasn't just the passionate kiss that surprised her, it was Morgan's not so subtle body language and tugs toward the bed, the bed that they soon tumbled onto, the bed that felt like a dreamy cloud in the center of a chaotic storm, the bed where Marla's sexual instincts overruled her thinking mind.
The partiers were chanting again. Marla heard it when Morgan rolled on top of her, pussy to pussy, fucking her with their four legs spread wide. She heard it again, louder, almost psychedelic, when Morgan turned herself around and mounted her for a sixty-nine. That was when it all blew apart, those electronic impulses that are supposed keep a person's brain in line. Marla's tangled and short circuited, and sounds became warped and sight turned to tunnel vision, nothing but pink pussy, young and unbelievably delicious, a taste that exploded, and then Marla's whole body seemed to.
"Holy shit, she's cumming!"
The yelled words from the boy's mouth registered in Jesse's mind more that in Marla's. Jesse was numb from the bizarreness of it all, unable to move, watching his lover's mouth on his fantasy girl's pussy as both of them melted down in a glorious shared orgasm, in the middle of a crazed crowd of noisy onlookers. Jesse stood there, trying to put all the pieces together about what was happening, and it was then, in the aftermath of the stunning orgasms, in the crazy sexy cuddling afterglow, when things got crazier.
"You seem interested," Marla said. "What's your name?"
"Derek."
"He's my boyfriend," Morgan said, her mouth still toying with Marla's shiny wet pussy.
"Oh, wow," Marla said, her voice dripping with post-orgasmic happiness. "You're the one with the cute roommate, right? Where is he?"
A powerful jolt of adrenaline hit Jesse, and words came out of him, all on their own. "I'm...here."
Marla's eyes twinkled under her mask and her red lipsticked lips smiled that crooked smile of hers, the smile Jesse couldn't resist. "You guys are both cute," she said. "Care to join us?"
Jesse looked at Derek. Derek looked interested, but shrugged his shoulders. Jesse, overtaken by unknown impulses, nodded at him. The crowd whooped. It was loud in Jesse's ears, like a rumble of thunder. Morgan was sitting up, and Derek moved toward her, but Marla protested.
"Nuh-uh," she said, shaking her head. "You get her every night. Me."
Derek looked unsure, glancing at Morgan and looking longer at Jesse. Marla knew she needed to hook him.
"Lick my pussy. Do you know how to make a woman cum?"
The crowd whooped again, loud.
The head of a rooster was on the move, its wearer pushing her way to the front, just steps from the bed, to get a clearer view of the unbelievable proceedings. Sarah was dumbfounded by Marla, a woman her mother's age who seemed to be startlingly in control of her own sexuality.
Derek took Marla's bait, dropping to his knees on the floor, shocking the breath out of her when he yanked her long legs to the edge of the bed, guided them up over his shoulders. She lay there, flat on her back for a moment, but when his mouth opened and engulfed the entirety of her pussy her back arched high and her big tits looked spectacular.
"Damn!" a boy exclaimed. "That's what I'm talkin' 'bout!"
Marla's eyes were wide, looking at the slightly dingy ceiling, and her hands went to Derek's softly nappy hair. "Ooohhh!" she sighed, as the incredible feel of his tongue on her freshly orgasmic pussy made her fly.
"Yyyeeaahhh!" a deep voice bellowed from the crowd.
It was Morgan who made the other half of the equation happen. She sat on the edge of the bed, right next to Marla, with her sparkly red-booted feet on the floor and her thighs spread open just enough to be suggestive. She beckoned to Jesse with a sultry smile and a 'come here' finger. The polyester pants he'd found at the thrift store were quickly unzipped by Morgan's practiced fingers and his hard cock was out in her hand before he knew what hit him. She stroked it a few times and looked up at him with a mischievous smile, and then her mouth was on his hard, electrified flesh and Jesse groaned.
The partiers were happy. Some took video with their phones, some whooped and catcalled, and some watched quietly with smoldering desire in their eyes. The games were still underway in the center of the room, and there were girls in their underwear, and girls topless, and boys in their underwear, and one boy walking around casually nude, like it was an everyday occurrence. But the bed was ground zero, with Marla stuttering wordless exclamations as she headed toward orgasm number two, and Morgan giving Jesse a porn-worthy blowjob as she coaxed him out of his shirt and worked his pants down to his ankles
Sarah was wide-eyed. Mesmerized. Seeing Jesse's cock in all its glory, hard and wet and being sucked, was mindblowingly awesome. She'd had a crush on him since the day she met him, at the beginning of that fall semester, and she knew, justknew, that his naked ass would be a thing of wonder and his cock would be perfect. And there it was. Theretheywere. So ripe and perfect. Anyone who took a moment to look at her would have clearly seen the wonderment in her eyes and on her open-mouthed face.
Marla orgasmed with a free-spirited rush, loud and lovely, with her white-knuckled fingers holding Derek's head tight to her spasming pussy. Her legs pointed high and shook, her back arched even higher, and her hard-nippled, wildly heaving tit show brought down the house.
Morgan was off the charts horny, inspired by the mysterious older woman. In an instant she was on her knees doggy style next to Marla, her ass and pussy moving toward Jesse's wet cock. Fucking seemed the only thing to do, so they did it. Jesse thrust his way into her tightness; he was balls-deep before the thought of an audience hit him, and when he did think of it he didn't care. Morgan's wild happiness flowed out of her in sexy whimpers. She looked back over her shoulder at the boy she loved to tease, her face showing the divine ecstasy that was growing inside her. "Fuck yeah!" she huffed through her open, smiling mouth.
The rabble-rousers in the room were strangely quieter. Not quiet, but there were more people watching. Dreaming. Taking it all in. Marla was sitting up, the black feathery mask still on her face, the nun's habit still on her head. Her red lips and her tongue were getting their first taste of the darkest, sexiest cock she'd ever seen. She moaned when it filled her mouth. She went at it with reverence and all the skill she could muster, wanting to give Derek the same kind of pleasure he'd given her.
"Fuck yeah," a boy said. "Sister Minka knows how to suck cock."
"Ffuuuckk!" another boy said, looking like he was dying to whip his boner out and jerk off.
Another blowjob started on the bed across the room and the crowd split a little, but most stayed with the action on the bed under the bikini girl poster, where the middle-aged big-titted nun sucked a young black cock and the class of 2020s resident nympho let her boyfriend's roommate fuck her.
And Jesse was definitely fucking her; full on, without reservation, pelvis slapping loudly against ass kind of fucking. A skilled young lover fucking the best ass at school kind of fucking. A girl that loves it taking the cock that she fantasizes about kind of fucking.
"God!" Sarah whispered under her breath as she watched; it was a flesh and blood scene that was so much better than porn. She was wide-eyed with amazement at Jesse's stamina, and so was Morgan.
"Fuck yeah!" Morgan grunted through clenched teeth as she absorbed the pummeling that she loved. "Do it, Jesse! ...Fuckin' do it!"
"You're gonna fuck me, right?" Marla said, her eyes in full seduction mode, peering out through the holes in her mask, looking up at the beautiful black boy towering over her. "You can't let your girlfriend have all the fun. He's really good, but you're better, right? Put this big cock in me and make me cum again."
Marla knew that the words had come from her own mouth, but she didn't know how they'd formed or how they'd escaped. She was glad they did, but it was a dreamy mystery. The same was true of how she ended up on the bed in doggy style position right next to Morgan, ass up high and shoulders down low, with more dreamy words flowing out of her red lipsticked mouth...
"Fuck me, baby. Fuck me with that big black cock."
The watchers seemed a little stunned. "She wants it," a boy said dreamily. "A fuckin' black cock lovin' nun."
"Yyyeaahhh!" another boy replied.
Sarah couldn't draw a breath. Her eyes had the angle, the view, the pink of Marla's pussy, the coffee black of Derek's cock. The entry. The thrusts that took him deeper. The flex of his ass muscles as he bottomed out and moaned, a deep moan that was manly and beautiful. They were sights and sounds that left Sarah lightheaded and close to fainting.
This is fuckin' epic," a phone holding boy said, moving closer for the best cinematographic angle.
The sight of the phone shocked Sarah. She'd seen the others, yes, but that one, so close, it made her want to say something, or maybe slap it out of the boys hand. But the cat was out of the bag, she knew that. It just seemed...crazy.
Morgan was at cruising altitude, thrilled beyond belief at what Jesse's cock and the public exhibition was doing to her. She opened her mouth and sighed out all her breath, and she let a blissful orgasm sweep her away. Her body twitched and her eyes rolled, and Jesse couldn't hang on any longer. His slippery cock backed out of her heavenly insides and his cum gushed and spurted, and Morgan sighed louder when she felt it's wet heat splashing onto her skin. The girls who were watching moaned, and the boys made boy noises and wished the cum dripping off of her was their own.
"Yeahhhh!" a boy whooped. "B Dorm's got the best sluts!"
"Are you one of 'em?" Morgan asked breathlessly, surprising the boy. "Get your cock out, asshole, and fuck me," she said, looking over her shoulder at him. "And all the rest of you assholes, get the fuck outta your clothes. This party's goin' fuckin' nuclear."
The music was throbbing and quite a few of the revelers shed their clothes. The other bed was overtaken by a few of them, two blowjobs took place up against a wall, and one right in the middle of the room. One of the wall blowjobs got turned around and the girl was fucked from behind standing up, with her hands up on the wall above her like a criminal. Sarah was stunned again, still sweating in her red sweatshirt and her yellow pants and her colorful rooster hat.
Marla noticed her and got up off the bed, taking Jesse's hand and Derek's hand. "You guys are roommates, right? My friend Sarah and me want to see your room." She looked back at Morgan, fully involved with three naked hard-cocked boys on the bed; one was in her pussy already, one was in her mouth, and one was in her hand. One of the playing card girls was joining them, her costume quickly off, confirming the suspicions of some of the boys that she'd only worn a tiny thong underneath it. "Morgan, I'm stealing your boyfriend for a little while," Marla said. "You can have him back later."
Marla heard a boy say something about her when she led Jesse and her new friends out the door. "She's fuckin' insane" is what he said, and Marla wondered if it was true, but she was having too much fun to worry about it. She was out in the hall, walking down the corridor of the building that was such a big part of her past, her older-but-still-sexy body pretty much naked, a voluptuous pied piper leading two naked college boys and a horny rooster who was dying to get laid.
Marla took off the nun's habit and the feathery mask as soon as she heard Jesse's door shut behind them. Sarah let her true self show, too — in the privacy of the boy's quiet room her explosive horniness was unleashed in the blink of an eye. It was Derek's pendulum-like half-hard cock that she went for, down on her knees, with the rooster hat still on her head. She pleasured him with her hungry mouth and she nearly cried with happiness when he let loose the gusher he'd repressed in the other room, cumming with jet-propelled spurts all over her thrillingly surprised looking face as he groaned his sweet relief. She giggled and laughed a little, tossing aside her cum-sticky rooster hat after wiping her face with it, and the happy mood was set; a joyous fourway of long repressed noises and thrilling orgasms. Sarah let herself go as never before and Marla did too, and the small room could barely contain the explosiveness.
It was four on a bed, and four energetic lovers on a single-sized bed is an intimate affair, with sweat and smells and drool and woman's wetness and men's cum all intermingling, fueling the fire. Sarah's soft tits were manhandled around hard cocks and fucked, and her ample buttocks quaked and quivered when the boys fucked her with thudding force from behind. Marla's tits were fucked too, by the black cock and the white one, and the mother-aged woman and the daughter-aged girl rode their mounts like their lives depended on it, and Marla got her second taste of pussy, and Sarah got her first.
There was cock sucking. Lots and lots of cock sucking. Sarah truly loved having a hard cock in her mouth, and her mostly inexperienced technique was enthusiastic and wet with sloppy drool. She loved watching Marla's way with a blowjob, gleaning the secrets of experience.
There was double doggy, with Marla and Sarah facing each other, kissing, and then Derek stacked Sarah on top of Marla in a classic girl-on-girl sixty-nine and Jesse's cock filled Sarah's mouth and Derek held her fleshy hips and he sunk every millimeter of his hard meat deep into her pussy while Marla licked her clit, and Sarah knew it was the pinnacle of her life thus far and of the life she had left to live. It was that good.
The blissful debauchery went on for an hour. Sarah hoped it would never end, but Derek wondered about his girlfriend and Marla knew she didn't really belong there, so the astonishing fourway ended. Derek and Jesse pulled on sweatpants, and they left Marla and Sarah in the suddenly very quiet room while they went in search of Marla's little black nun dress, and maybe even her panties if they were lucky.
The formerly rousing party had turned into a slow burn orgy, with electronic 'chill' music playing and lecherous drunks — both male and female — watching the surprisingly abundant action. Jesse and Derek were both surprised by some of the participants in the orgy; straight-laced bookworms and shy retiring types were represented, caught up, no doubt, in the horny fever of the wildest All Hallows' Eve anyone could remember.
"Has anybody seen Marl...uh, Minka's dress? The black nun one?" Jesse asked.
"That Nick guy took it," a boy said. "Somebody else got her panties. Is she still here?"
"Yeah. Where's Nick's room?"
Across from Johnny and Tyler. Where the fuck did you find her, man? She's insane. I never seen a old lady like her. She fuckin' looks hot, too. Crazy nice tits."
"She was down at Chuck's, at the bar," Jesse said. "She was supposed to meet some guy or somethin' and he didn't show up."
"It'd be funny if it was her husband, wouldn't it?" the boy said. "She got a ring on?"
"Hey, where'd Morgan go?" Derek asked the boy.
"Oh, fuck. That girl's wild. You're a lucky fucker. Or maybe you're not, I don't know. I don't know, man, she disappeared." He looked at the Wonder Woman costume in Derek's hand. "She must be wanderin' around naked somewhere. Fuck, can you imagine that ass just walkin' around the building naked? This is the best fuckin' Halloweenever."
Derek asked around some more and word was she was up on the roof fucking the RA, the Resident Advisor, a nice looking senior who lots of the girls had a crush on. Derek wasn't exactly happy about the news, but he'd just fucked the living shit out of Marla and Sarah, and Sarah lived right upstairs, so he decided to tread lightly. It was Halloween after all, and way back at the beginning when she and Marla were on the bed he'd pretty much given her permission to show her slutty cards. Tomorrow was another day, and they'd regroup. He decided to take her costume back to his room so it didn't end up as some horny dork's souvenir.
He and Jesse found Nick's room and Nick embarrassedly gave back the little nun dress. "I didn't think she'd want it," he said, like a dork.
When they got back to the quiet of their room, Derek and Jesse could tell that Marla and Sarah had been talking. Sarah looked shy, dressed in her yellow pants and red sweatshirt again. Her rooster hat was wet after being washed of sticky cum in the bathroom sink. After she'd done it she wished she'd left it messy and sticky and let it dry and put it in her desk drawer so she could pull it out once in a while and feel the crustiness and smell the scent of Derek's plentiful cum. But it was gone. Down the drain.
"You guys can all be friends with benefits from now on, right?" Marla said, surprising and thrilling Sarah.
Jesse suddenly looked shy, barely making eye contact with Sarah. "Yeah, I mean...would you want to?" he asked.
She tried to look casual, but every corner of Sarah's face showed her happiness with Jesse's answer. "Yeah," she said with a slight shrug of the shoulders. "Of course."
"You too, stud," Marla said to Derek, "if you think Morgan might be interested. You guys can have the sex club I wish I'd had when I was here. You should include Sarah's roommate. She's single and lonely, too.
"Minka!" Sarah said, wide eyed and smiling at Marla.
"What? You told me she's horny, right? Can I tell them what you told me?"
"Iguess," Sarah said, her eyes flashing with mischief. "She's gonna kill me."
"Her roommate's never done oral, and she's never gotten it, either. I was thinking you two studs could help her out," Marla smiled. "Teach her, you know? And maybe even get her and Sarah together for some girl stuff. I can't believe how much I likedthatpart of tonight."
"Minka!" Sarah said, smiling and blushing. "Oh my God!"
Jesse smiled at Marla. "You like it? The girl stuff?"
"Let's just say my mind was opened, and I'm very glad about it. speaking of that, Derek, where's Morgan?"
"Fuckin' some dude on the roof."
"Oh my God!" Marla said. "Is that...okay?"
"Yeah, I mean...we did our own thing tonight, she and me. It's cool. I gotta keep her happy if we got all this new stuff happinin'."
When he glanced at Sarah to see her reaction her heart just about leapt out of her chest. "So...this is for real?" she asked, her big eyes happily surprised.
"Yeah, man," Derek said. "You're freaky fun. And your roommate...what's her name?"
"Beatriz."
"Oh yeah, that Puerto Rican girl. She's like super straight, right? Books and schoolwork and shit?"
"Pretty much," Sarah said.
"Yeah, that could be some freaky shit right there when she cuts loose," Derek said. "You think she'd want to?"
"Withyoutwo guys? Yeah! I'll go get her right now if you want."
Derek smiled. "No, baby. You two ladies wore me right the fuck out. That was, like, the best."
Sarah beamed with pride, even if she couldn't quite believe her ears. Or her eyes. Derek and Jesse, both beautifully topless in their room; Jesse's bed disheveled and crooked, sheets spotted with sexual stains, some of them from her very own pussy and her very own drool.
Marla was trying to put herself together. Her little dress was on and she put on her high heels. They clicked across the floor when she went to the open bathroom to look at herself in the mirror. She wiped her messy lipstick off and she used a wad of toilet paper to try and clean up her cum soiled fishnet stockings. She looked in the mirror again and fingered her hair into a less messy look. The others watched her do it.
"Are you leaving?" Sarah asked dolefully.
"If you two promise not to tell anyone else I'll let you in on a secret. Jesse and I are friends. He knows where to find me. Keep it to yourselves, though, okay? I can't have anybody finding out about tonight."
"Youknowher?" Sarah asked, looking confused.
Jesse nodded.
"How?" Sarah asked. "What do you mean?"
"She wanted to...do this, so..."
"Oh my god!" Sarah chuckled. "You know, I thought this was all to crazy to be true."
"It's true, Honey." Marla said. "Everything that happened really happened. I know that because I'm bow-legged and can barely walk. My name's not Minka, it's Marla. But really, nobody can find out about this, okay?"
"Of course...Marla," Sarah said, smiling.
"I really did go to school here and I lived in this building. When you're my age...well, you'll probably be smarter than me. This was way too risky for a sensible person like me. I mean, I'm probably going to be on the internet, with a beautiful young black man fucking me."
Marla winked at Derek. He smiled and wanted to rip her little nun dress off and fuck her again. "This is fuckin' wild," he said. "You're my new favorite person."
"Thanks honey. You made an old girl awfully happy tonight."
"So we'll see you again?" Sarah asked. "You're not just going to be gone, like I was thinking?"
"I'd love it if we could stay friends," Marla said. She pondered for a moment. "How about if I make an early Thanksgiving dinner for us, before you guys go home for break. Bring Beatriz, and Morgan, and after we eat we can all fuck on my bed." Marla's eyes twinkled. She loved talking like a slut.
Everyone agreed that a get together would be fun. "Want to meet me at the mall sometime?" Marla asked Sarah. "I'll buy you some nicer underwear."
"Sure! But, you don't have to buy me anything."
"There's a nice girl at the lingerie store that can measure you and get you into some good looking bras. That one you wore tonight, you gotta get rid of that one, and I think you need to wear things a little higher."
Sarah was embarrassed by the frank talk in front of the boys about her softly saggy breasts. "If...you think so."
"What do you guys think?" Marla asked. "She's got beautiful big tits, right? Shouldn't they be up and out, where they can cause a stir?"
"Hell yeah," Derek said. "Real nice tits. Up and out sounds good to me."
Sarah chuckled nervously, but she felt pride in her body for the first time in her life.Derek Jones likes my tits!, she said to herself.Oh my God!
Derek smirked. "Girl, if you don't stop smilin' at me like that, I'll be hard every time I see 'ya."
"Yeah?" Sarah said, smiling coyly. "And I can do...this?" She moved close to him and rubbed his crotch with her hand, feeling his loosely hanging cock under his baggy sweatpants. "And...this?" She slipped her hand down inside the elastic waistband and took hold of his most masculine flesh as it grew.
"Oh my God," Marla said. "You both got more in you? God I wish I was young again."
"Maybe just...this," Sarah said, lowering herself to a squat, dragging the waistband of Derek's sweatpants down onto his powerful thighs.
Marla stood transfixed by the sight — the big, black-coffee-colored cock coming into view again, moving the way excited cocks move. The pale white flesh of Sarah's small hand claimed it, and Sarah's tongue extended, licking the dark, quickly swelling tip of the big phallus. Sarah was moaning quietly, licking and mouthing it ever so slowly. It was a beautiful, sensual thing to watch.
"Damn, girl," Derek said quietly, gently caressing the back of her head with his big hand. "You got me figured."
He was making happy noises, gently fucking Sarah's mouth when Marla remembered her goal: get back home before her wildly inappropriate night was found out, before the local TV news cameras showed up and were pointed at her as she walked down the dorm's granite front steps, their upward-looking angle showing her in all her I-lost-my-panties glory.
"Bye, you two," she said. "I'm leaving. Jesse's going to walk me out."
Sarah stood, holding the cock she didn't want to lose tightly in her hand. She finally let go of it so she could hug Marla. It was a real hug, full-bodied and tight.
"I don't know what to say," Sarah said quietly, nearly in Marla's ear. "Thank you."
"Aww. You're sweet," Marla said. "I'm glad you had fun, kiddo. We're doing that shopping, right? I'll get your text number from Jesse tomorrow."
"Okay," Sarah said, still holding tight.
She finally let go and Marla took in the sight of Derek one last time, his cock still mostly hard, his sweatpants down around his muscular calves. She couldn't help but smile.
"Thanks for...you know," she said, suddenly feeling the heat of a girlish blush on her face. She hugged him and felt the youthful smoothness of his warm skin, lots and lots of warm skin, and she tipped her head to the side and Derek kissed her, and their mouths opened and their tongues found each other and for a few moments they were right back in it. Derek's cock was hard against Marla's little black nun dress, and she wanted to do what Sarah had done — the squat, the lick, the moans.
"Wow," she sighed breathily. "You gotmefigured." She reluctantly pulled away, taking a quick last look at Derek's body. "He's all yours," she said to Sarah. "You might want to make it quick, though. You don't want Morgan walking in and catching you two alone before he has a chance to get her onboard with everything."
Sarah nodded and smiled mischievously. "Quick," she said, taking hold of her dark, quickly re-hardening prize again. She was pushing Derek down on his bed and mounting him cowgirl style when Marla and Jesse left. They heard her happy noises right through the door and out into the corridor, and they got lots of looks from the late night Halloween revelers that were still prowling the halls.
"Minka!" a voice from way down the hall said, much too loudly. "You leavin'? We have parties every weekend."
Marla giggled, and she and Jesse turned for the stairway and headed down. She was glad no one was on the way up because they would have seen her bare pussy for sure.
Her feet felt like they remembered the stairs, and the granite steps out front, but Marla couldn't believe, after all those years, that they would have. The night was chilly, with a pitch black sky above the campus lights. She and Jesse walked to her car, just a short way down the street. There was a parking ticket on the windshield from the campus police.
"Oh, great," Marla said, pulling it out from under the windshield wiper. "Oh well. It was worth it."
Jesse smirked. "You had fun?"
"Fun? Oh my God, that was so much better than fun. I'd better go. I don't want anybody to put 'Minka' together with this car, in case they see me around town. Small towns can be a bitch. When can you come over? Twink and I decided we want to take a shower with you."
"Twink's getting in with us?"
"No, he'll stay on the rug and watch, like he always does. He's a little pervert."
Jesse smiled. He knew who the real pervert in the family was, and he loved her.
—
Three days later, Jesse arrived at Marla's to spend the night. After a nice hello kiss she asked him, "So? What's that look on your face? You think I've gone off the deep end, don't you. I went too far, at the party."
"No," Jesse said, unable to keep a straight face.
"What is it then?"
"You started something."
Marla looked hopeful, and happy. "Sarah? Are you guys...what do you call it...hooking up?"
Jesse nodded. "That's not all, though. Morgan, she's, like, all about threeways now."
Marla's eyes widened. "Really? You and Derek and her? In your room?"
Jesse nodded. "Twice already."
"Oh my God! I could tell that girl was wild. And you've got Sarah, too? God, are you the dorm stud now? You're not gonna have any energy left for me."
"Yeah I will," he said, leaning in for another kiss, one that made Marla moan.
"Wow," she sighed. "I guess I picked the right yard boy, huh? Do you believe in fate?"
"Maybe."
Marla smiled. "You're too cute. Wanna take a shower with me?"
Twinkles seemed glad that the shower head in Marla's tub was partially clogged with minerals, making it spray in a wonky pattern that kept the glass shower doors mostly free of fog. He kept his eyes on the proceedings, sitting on the small rug at first, and then flopped over on his side in the same spot. There was much to watch and listen to, and from his upward-looking angle it was easy to glean the details.
Jesse was already hard when he stepped into the warm spray of water. Marla was right there behind him, smiling in a beautifully contented way, watching her young man's aroused body get wet as he turned to face her, his eyes closed, his hands in his hair helping it get thoroughly soaked.
"Have I told you lately that you're beautiful," she said, moving in close to him, taking his big erection gently in her hand. She tipped her head to meet his and lost herself in one of the warm, wet, shower kisses that she loved.
Twinkles loved them too, because Marla always moaned so beautifully. He was a little startled, though, at how quickly the mood changed. The nice quiet period of soaping each other didn't happen. Instead, Jesse was down, squatting under the spray of warm water, his head right in tight against Marla's crotch, and Marla's moans were quickly frantic. Twinkles knew her orgasm sounds as well as anyone, and he'd learned to stay relaxed during them, but it was always an eye opening moment. It seemed to him that Marla had gotten louder and louder as the weeks went by, and he was right. She loved that her house was alone in the countryside, and she'd become comfortable with letting it all out, yelling and bellowing and screaming and shrieking out her delight. Jesse had become a louder lover, too, and a confident one, knowing full well what made Marla happy, what made her cum.
After her first wet orgasm under the water's spray Jesse stood up and she went down, throating his nice cock smoothly, showing off her own newly confident skills. Twinkles always wondered what the taste was. He liked most of the things Marla put in her mouth, but before he could think too much about it Jesse was pulling her up and bending her over, and Marla was moving in that way that she does, her body writhing like a human woman, her urgent breathy voice rising, reverberating in the small room of tile and glass.
"Oh, yeah, fuck me baby!... Do it hard!... Make me your slut!"
Jesse's voice rose, too, "Oh!" and "Ugh!" and manly grunts that thrilled Marla, and the tiny room was suddenly full of noise: the slapping of wet flesh; the squishing of a frantically plunged pussy; the ecstatic sounds of a man and a woman rocketing toward simultaneous orgasms. It was wet, wild fucking, and Twinkles was happy and relaxed, and he purred and licked his fur.
—
It was a Friday evening a few weeks later; the leaden gray sky was just beginning to darken when Jesse and his friends arrived at Marla's house. Her bright smiling face beamed with welcoming happiness when she opened the front door and let her guests inside, the heady aroma of a roast turkey Thanksgiving dinner overwhelming all their senses.
"I love your house," Sarah said. "It's so cute. Everything looks so perfect."
"I hired Jesse quite a while back to be my gardener and my handyman," Marla said. "That's how we met. He keeps it all looking nice. I had him paint the front door a few days ago, and when he was done we took a really long shower and I washed all the specs of paint off of him."
Sarah's face showed her delight at learning a little about Marla and Jesse's private life. "I'm gonna do that when I'm older," she said. "I wonder if my mom has ever thought of it; hiring a sexy college boy."
"Do you think she would?" Marla asked.
"Oh my God, I don't know."
Marla greeted Jesse and Derek and Morgan with hugs, and then she welcomed the two guests she hadn't met.
"You must be Beatriz. That'ssucha beautiful name."
"Thank you," the shy girl said.
Marla knew she was Puerto Rican, so she wasn't surprised to see the raven hair and the piercing dark eyes and the dark eyebrows. The girl's lovely caramel colored skin wasn't a surprise, either, and neither was her short stature and voluptuous size, maybe because Sarah was similarly built. "I remember your friend here from the Halloween party, but you weren't with us that night, were you."
"No," Beatriz said shyly. "I was doing schoolwork."Like a dork, she wanted to add.
"And you're Sean, right?" Marla said, shifting her gaze to the curly-haired blonde boy at Beatriz's side. "Sarah tells me you're a quiet one. An art student, right?"
"Yeah. Illustration and fine art."
"Nice," Marla said. "Maybe some day you can come over and draw me."
Sean's eyes sparkled, and he nodded. Marla liked the way his nice mouth barely smiled. "I remember you," she said, looking into his big blue eyes. "You were one of the quiet watchers at the Halloween party. I remember every single one of you. I'm surprised that I do, because I was in was such a state of...I don't know what I was. What did you think of me? Be honest."
"I don't know. I...guess I couldn't believe it," Sean said. "You sorta remind me of my mom's friends, and it...I guess it really...sort of...surprised me."
"You were at the bar with us, too," Marla said, remembering. "I still can't believe I walked in there dressed like I was."
Sean nodded and barely smiled again. His eyes said,I'm glad you did.
Marla was glad, too. Glad she'd had the courage to dress like a nun slut that night, glad she'd walked into that bar, and glad to be making the acquaintance of two brand new friends-with-benefits, right there in her warm living room on a cold November evening. "Beatriz, are you going home for Thanksgiving?" she asked.
"No, it's too expensive," she said sadly, her voice honey sweetened with Latin accent. "I'll fly home for Christmas."
"So you'll be here all alone? Let's do some shopping."
"Marla knows the good stores," Sarah said.
"Okay," Beatriz said, shyly, "But...if you get me to try one of those bras like you bought Sarah I won't be able to wear it at home."
"Why not?" Marla asked, smirking. "Don't Puerto Rican boys like tits?"
Beatriz smiled and blushed. "They're crazy about them, but...my mother would kill me."
"Well, you can just wear it here at school. Do you like the way Sarah looks in the ones we got her?"
Beatriz nodded happily.
"Up and out, baby," Derek said. "Girl got sometits."
"Yeah, like you're fussy about 'em," Morgan said, teasing him. "I've seen you talking to Chrissy when she comes back from a run."
"Who's Chrissy?" Marla asked.
"She's on the track team," Morgan said. "She runs really long distances. She wear's, like, a bikini bottom kinda thing and a halter kind of top. They're real running clothes, but they're super tight. Her flat little stomach is all out there. She's got little flat tits but all the guys think she's hot."
"Sheishot," Jesse said.
"Guys aren't fussy," Marla said. "That's one thing you'll learn when you get older. You can make their cock hard with your smile."
Beatriz giggled. Marla was happy to see some of her shyness starting to melt away. "It's true," Marla said. "Personality is more important than your body. But wearing nice lingerie and feeling sexy about yourself goes a long way toward having that personality guys like. I'm gonna buy you some of those bras. You'll see."
Beatriz smiled.
Ten minutes later, the kitchen was a busy place. Marla and Jesse worked together to get things ready for the table, the way married couples do, and Jesse took on the all-important carving of the turkey while the others watched a little, pitched in a little, and sipped wine.
"You two are so cute together," Sarah said, her eyes twinkling as she watch the happy couple work. "You're in love, aren't you."
Marla smiled shyly, unsure of how to answer. Jesse kept carving, hoping his warmly blushing face wasn't too obvious.
"What are you gonna do about it?" Sarah asked. "It'd be cool if you could get married."
"Been there, done that," Marla said, giving her whipped potatoes one last stir. "Jesse's the kind of guy Iwouldmarry, but...I doubt if I'll ever go down that road again."
Morgan looked intrigued. "You'd marry a guy his age?" she asked.
"Oh, no, I didn't mean that," Marla said, scooping the potatoes out the pot and into a nice serving bowl. "The real world isn't very accepting when it comes to that kind of thing."
"That sucks though, right?" Morgan said. "I mean, I could marry an older professor and nobody'd say too much about it."
"You'd be surprised," Marla said, shifting her attention to the green bean casserole. "Men do seem to get a way with it more, but I'll bet when they have a much younger wife they're constantly asked about their 'daughter'. They probably don't care because they have daughter fantasies anyways."
"Do you think so?" Sarah asked. "What about mother fantasies?"
Marla blushed noticeably. "From which angle?" she asked. "Are you boys willing to talk about that?"
Jesse kept carving and didn't answer. Derek shrugged his shoulders a little. Sean smiled mischievously. "You look a little like my mom," he said.
"Okay, here we go," Marla said, stopping her food prep for a moment. She fanned her face and puffed her cheeks and blew warm breath out. It was a conversation she'd tried to avoid up until then, but she had to admit it was sexy. She looked directly into Sean's eyes. "Have you ever fantasized about fucking her?"
"I...guess so. That's normal, right?"
Marla smiled with curiosity. "Maybe. I mean, Sigmund Freud would say it is, yeah. What about you two?" she asked, looking at Derek and Jesse. "Be honest. Jesse, Honey, when I'm taking off my clothes, how motherly am I?"
Sarah and Morgan were amazed at the question, and quietly thrilled to see Jesse's blushing reaction.
"Some, I guess," he said embarrassedly. "It's not just her, it's her friends."
"You think about them sexually, and I'm like them? Derek, is that what it is for you, too?"
"Yeah. It's fuckin' hot."
"Are you going to see any of them when you're home next week?"
"I'll probably see a couple of them," Derek said.
"Yeah, maybe," Jesse said. "At least one. My mom's best friend."
Marla nodded, smirking. "When you see them, and have your fantasies, I want you to remember it all and I want you to tell me about it when you get back. All the details. What they were wearing, what you were thinking...everything."
Everyone smiled at the sexy thought of it. Marla caught Sean's sparkling eyes.
"Does me cooking this dinner remind you of your mom, too?" she asked him.
He nodded.
"A lot? How much am I like her?"
"You've got sorta the same body and hair and...that lipstick."
"Really!" Marla said. She had a naughty thought and decided to say it out loud. "So if I was to squat down in front of you and give you a blowjob right now, you'd think about it when you're home next week, when your mom's cooking dinner?"
Sean's eyes showed his surprise. It was all surprising - the crazy idea, the sight of Marla wiping her hands on a kitchen towel, and the look in her eyes. He couldn't believe it when she was on her knees in front of him, his view a perfect angle down the front of her brown and green dress. Her hands worked his belt buckle and his button and his zipper. The room was eerily quiet; five spectators — six if you count Twinkles — watching Marla do her thing.
Sean's cock was soft when Marla started playing with it — shocked that way by his nerves no doubt — but her sexy eyes and her beautiful soft moans got to him and his blood started flowing again. He was quickly hard, spurred on by her warm breath on that part of him, and by the way the tip of her tongue tickled the fleshy ridge between his balls and traced its way all along the underside of his cock to its quickly swelling tip. That's when she engulfed the vigorous young shaft with her lips and her mouth. That's when Sean let out a beautiful moan.
"Damn!" Sarah said quietly, fascinated once again by Marla's sexuality.
Silence took over again, the only noise coming from Marla's wet, cock sucking mouth, and Sean's thinking brain was overwhelmed. He held Marla's head with his hands and felt her soft hair between his fingers, and soon his hips writhed at the speed of his pulsing squirting and his cum flooded Marla's quietly moaning mouth with liquid warmth.
It ended as quietly as it had started, no one sure of what to say. Marla went back to dishing out her green bean casserole, hoping it hadn't cooled too much, and the others carried serving dishes laden with food to the table.
It was quite a feast. Marla had gone all-out, all the trimmings, and bottles of red and white wine were emptied as fast as the food was consumed. The conversation was spirited and humorous and sexy. Of course they talked about Halloween and the video clips of masked Marla that had made it onto the internet. Jesse had told her about them just a few days before, when the two of them were lounging naked on her bed, and they lay there and watched them over and over. Marla wasn't surprised the others had paid close attention to them, too.
"I wanna do it, too," Sarah said, after swallowing a bite of turkey and cranberry sauce. "I'll wear a mask, like you did."
"Really? You want to?" Marla asked. "You need to be really careful. My working days are over, but you kids...employers look for that kind of thing these days. It can really mess up your life."
Sarah looked disappointed. "Maybe. Yeah, I know you're right. It's just...so hot."
"The clip with you and Derek got, like, a gazillion hits in just a few days," Morgan said, inadvertently making the point that Marla may have ruined Derek's life.
"Oh my God!" Marla said. "Really?"
"Yeah. It's cuz it's super hot," Morgan said. "You came, like...amazing. That sound you made, louder than everybody in the room..."
"Crazy hot," Derek said. "I watched it, like, a million times."
Marla felt embarrassed, and sorry that she'd dragged all her young friends in front of the cameras, and yet she was thrilled by it all, and she was pretty sure she'd eventually watch the clips a million times, too. It was a strange conundrum, this exhibitionist thing. Dangerous and exciting and so right and so wrong.
Cranberry bread pudding with bourbon sauce was the exclamation point at the end of the delicious meal. It was decadently delicious, and conversation quieted as it was forked into softly moaning mouths, and eyes glanced at other eyes and everyone knew that the after dinner festivities would be beginning soon. Sex on Marla's bed. It was no secret that that was the planned entertainment, and the growing anticipation was as delicious as the dessert. There was still a little conversation, but it had an excitedly nervous edge to it, and then, when the quietly happy revelers where done with their feast, Marla said, "Shall we go upstairs?"
The four words made her body tighten, the way it often does when a dirty thrill spikes her blood pressure. She was in control of something wonderful, something amazing, something she hadn't even dreamt of when she moved into her little house that summer.
The dinner dishes were left in a heap on the kitchen counter, and a few minutes later clothes were being left in a heap on Marla's bedroom carpet.
"I don't know if I've ever felt anything like this before," Beatriz said, the edges of her lovely mind softened by all the good wine in her stomach.
"Tell us about it," Marla said, relishing her roll as elder statesman of the happy group.
"Oh. It's just...being in a house I've never been in, in a bedroom I've never been in, taking off my clothes with all you guys here."
"Are you turned on? More than usual?"
Beatriz nodded.
"Would you like all three boys to touch you, or would that be too much?"
Beatriz nodded and said softly, "I'd like it."
Nothing more needed to be said. Marla and Sarah and Morgan watched as the naked boys all hardened to their hardest, all moving to within reach of the shy but excited girl.
It had been two weeks since Beatriz's catholic 'good girl' defenses had broken down, a fateful night in her dorm room when Derek was visiting Sarah. What happened that night was partially planned; Beatriz and Sarah had talked at length about Sarah's new friends-with-benefits arrangements. Beatriz was desirous of seeing Derek's body — all of it — and Sarah knew she could make it happen. She'd explained to Beatriz that there would be a blowjob, and maybe more, and Beatriz said yes, she'd like it to take place in the room they shared, where she could watch. There was learning to be done, and Beatriz had always been a deeply curious learner.
Beatriz expected a fury, a high intensity sexuality, but what she saw instead that night in her very own dorm room was slow sensuality the likes of which she'd only dreamt of. It was so remarkable, and so breathtaking, she was drawn into it like a moth to a flame. Derek's was the first cock she tasted, the first cock she sucked. His were the first balls she licked, and his was the first real, live, male sexual moan she ever heard, one that still lingers in her memory.
She became a voyeur that night as well, watching with wide eyes as Derek fucked Sarah, doggy style on Sarah's bed. Beatriz was sitting on the bed with them, just an arm's length away, leaning against the wall, fully clothed. Derek took it slow, sensing Beatriz's penchant for the sensual, and when Sarah vibrated with a smoldering orgasm he held his big, chocolate-colored cock in his hand and stroked out plentiful spurts of pearl white cum. For Beatriz, it was a life changing evening.
It was a few days later when she got up the nerve to ask about Jesse. She was fascinated by Derek's dark sexuality, but it was all a bit overwhelming; Jesse, truth be told, was the one she crushed on. Sarah, of course, made Beatriz's mostly unspoken wishes come true that very afternoon. The two of them had no classes, and a text from Sarah to Jesse —Wanna cum up?— had him climbing the stairs to the third floor moments later.
"That was a short text," Beatriz said. "What was it?"
"Oh, just wanna come up," Sarah said.
"He's not answering," Beatriz said. "Maybe he's not..."
That's when Jesse knocked on their door. It was a golden early November day and the afternoon sun was streaming in through the window when Sarah left the room, her prep-work done. Jesse and Beatriz were on the bed, his pants down to his knees, his cock fully hard and pointing high. Beatriz's shirt was off and her bra was unhooked, hanging loosely, no longer in control of her softly moving breasts. Jesse's hands were there, and then his mouth, and Beatriz's hand held her second cock, one that was just as big as the first had been. She sort of knew what to do with it, and being suddenly alone with Jesse made it easier to follow through with her instincts. She was petty sure Sarah had planned it that way, and she smiled when she pushed him down on his back, thrilled that her very own touch had that kind of control over him. Her mouth was on his cock quickly, so as not to give him a chance to change his mind. She needn't have worried; Jesse knew he was in magical territory. He was on the sun-dappled bed of a horny virgin.
Her deflowering was a girl-on-top affair, and once the blood had been let and the sting had passed she rode him with her hands on his shoulders and her big tits swinging. Jesse loved them. Softer and fleshier than Marla's big dense ones, bigger and swingier than Sarah's soft ones. Beatriz's chuckling moans when he tickled her nipples as she rode him made him smile.
"So let me get this straight," she said, right in the middle of her very first fuck ever. "I'm not your girlfriend, and you're not my boyfriend, and we can just do this, sorta whenever we want to?"
Jesse nodded and smiled.
"Count me in," she said, starting to feel the good stuff as she fucked him with almost every muscle in her body. "Oh my God!... This is... This is so... Oh, God yes!"
Jesse's upthrusts came swifter and with more energy, and Beatriz was lost in the thrilling dreaminess of it all. Jesse rolled her off and she knew what to do — she assumed the doggy style position Sarah had been in with Derek. Jesse fucked her deeper than she thought he could go, and she slowed him, to the 'Derek speed', and after the most magnificent minutes of her life her entire body electrified and it was happening, her virgin orgasm, a real one, and she was instantly lost in the fascinating world of friends with benefits.
A threeway with Sarah and Derek was next, and a week later her mind was blown when the threeway was herself and two hot boys, one black and one white, and she discovered the spit-roast, and the face-sit-with-a-cock-in-your-mouth. She loved that one, to the point of screaming with her mouth full as she orgasmed...and orgasmed...and orgasmed. It was Jesse in her mouth and Derek's face she was sitting on. She was crazy about his tongue.
Sean was a new member of the group, drawn in by his curiosity, welcomed in because he's quiet and honest and an all around good guy that they all liked. Beatriz had been with him twice — a threeway with Sarah, and a nice, quiet, late-night fourway with Derek and Morgan — but her secret dream of having all three of the boys to herself was just that, a secret, until Marla mentioned the magic words in the unfamiliar bedroom.
Marla's bedroom smelled of lavender. Beatriz had noticed it when they first entered, when she looked around at the boys and the girls and Marla, all of them undressing. Beatriz had worn a dress for the occasion — a nice Thanksgiving dinner seemed worthy of one — and she took it off right away, so as not to be left behind. And then 'Would you like all three boys?'and then 'I'd like it', and she wondered for a quick moment if the wine was something magical that only special people like Marla could buy.
Beatriz sat on the edge of the bed in her bra and panties, plain everyday ones because they're the only kind she owned. She pulled Jesse's hard cock to her mouth and she took hold of the other two, a hard one in each hand, and she felt the boys hands on her, eager to strip her bare. She soon was, giving up her lusty mouthful to make it happen, and then her dream was real — she was naked and three hard cocks were all hers, and the boys' six hands caressed every inch of her. It was heavenly, and her deep moans told everyone so.
It could have been a fleeting encounter, with the other girls joining in, but they all sensed the specialness of the moment for Beatriz so they let it play out. After a while, Marla and the girls helped her into a workable position and then they backed off and let her have the boys all to herself. She was on her back on the bed, head hanging off the edge, legs straight up against Dereks chest. He was on the bed with her, squatting on his knees, fucking her tight pussy with his nice long length. Jesse was straddling her middle, fucking her tits, and Sean's long cock was in her mouth, tickling her tonsils. She was soon lost in it, moaning deeply, writhing with mindless pleasure.
"Damn, girl," Morgan said. "That's hot."
The mindless pleasure had a backdrop of conscious thought, as it usually does, and for Beatriz it was a realization of how unrestrained the situation was. It just wasn't like her, and she knew it, but it was so goddamned thrilling she let it carry her away. How did it happen so quickly, she wondered, and why am I the first one being fucked, and why am I being watched, and why do I fuckinglovethis so much!
She was writhing, moaning on Sean's cock, and all three of the boys were feeling it, the first off-the-charts unleashing of the evening's passion. They were all close to exploding. Derek was fucking her deep and steady. Her wet pussy was noisy and his body thudded into her and the four of them moaned louder. Jesse was the first to go, his cock so hard, slipping between her soft tits with hot friction, losing its warm seed in gushing spurts that dripped down the sides of her stretched out neck. Sean let loose in her moaning mouth and she was writhing so wildly his cock sprung from her lips and his cum splattered her face. Derek was in the last moments of his deep, thudding fucking...and Beatriz came, hard and overwhelming, with wildly screaming squeals, an orgasm she won't forget, and Derek's black-as-night cock slipped out of her tight little pussy and she felt his cum rain down on her like hot lava. Jesse was still fucking her tits, sliding through cum-lubed slipperiness, groaning and breathing hard. Beatriz moaned, over and over, trying to catch her breath.
"Holy God!" Sarah said.
"Beatriz, Honey," Marla said, "don't you wanna share? There's only these three boys, you know."
Beatriz giggled, sounding almost like hiccups because of her gasping breath. It made everyone smile.
"Three at once, Bea?" Sarah said. "Damn! You made 'em cum like crazy!"
Beatriz couldn't believe it. The dream had happened. The boys back home in Puerto Nuevo, the ones who called her short and fat, they wouldn't have believed it either. Neither would the pretty girls she went to high school with, the ones who shunned her and turned her into a bookworm. She lifted her head from it's hanging position and her wild eyes asked for Jesse's slippery cock. It was softening some when he fed it to her, and her sucking, milking mouth gave him a shot of goosebumps.
"Damn, girl," he huffed, "You're fuckin' hot."
Beatriz smiled with her mouth full, and her dark eyes sparkled. The boy she crushed on looked at her in a new way, and she tingled all over.
For the others, the quiet watching was over — Marla's Thanksgiving orgy kicked into high gear. Her admiring young friends turned their attention to her, much to her surprised delight; she had more hands and mouths on her naked body than she could believe, and it was worthy of gasping exclamation.
"Ohh,Fffuck!" Marla said, as many mouths kissed her all over and many hands laid her down on her back. Sean's mouth was on her tits and her fingers raked through his curly blonde hair; a new boy, bringing new feelings, new sensations. She'd been admiring his youthful good looks, his smooth young torso, and his closely trimmed blonde pubic hair. His blue eyes were pretty wonderful too, Marla thought, and even though she loved having his mouth on her tits she felt a strong desire to kiss him. Morgan was between her legs, lapping at her pussy, toying with her clit, and hands were all over her when she pulled his mouth to hers for the steamy kiss.
"I'm not your mother," Marla said, breathy words that warmed his lips. "Fuck me with your cock. Show me how much you want to fuck me."
Sean was on her in an instant, missionary style, and the girls caressed the flexing muscles in his ass and his strong back, and the air went out of Marla's lungs.
"Ohh, yeahhh baby!" she sighed as he fucked her. "Fffuck yeahhhh!"
Derek and Jesse were hard again and within moments Sarah and Morgan were on their backs on the bed like Marla was, all of them spread legged, with arms up over their heads, and the beautiful sounds of three couples fucking rose to a lovely cacophony in the little room. Beatriz was moaning, too, kissing Derek while she fondled Sarah's soft tits.
The three women rode the wave for the longest time. It morphed into a dream-state for all of them, even Beatriz. It was a fantasy of epic proportions, in flesh and blood, fueled by blissful sounds and the scent of bodies and pussies and perfume and lavender. But the true octane in the fuel was Marla. It was her big, beautiful tits moving under Sean's joyful, incessant fucking. It was her wildly happy eyes, and her open, excitedly smiling mouth. It was her free-flowing commands — "Fuck me! ...Fuck me!" — and her rising bellows and excited shrieks. It was her orgasm, announced with "I'm cumming! ...I'm cumming!" And then she came, and Sean fucked her like he'd never fucked before, and she screamed with a devilish growl when the full, mind-bending hit of the big orgasm overtook her, and she kept growling as the youth of his rock-hard cock kept fucking her. That was the octane, and Sarah and Morgan were on fire from it, too, and Marla's little bedroom nearly burst into flames.
The heat was intense from that moment on. Derek snapped the headboard right off her bed at one point. He felt bad about it and propped it against her dresser, but Marla laughed and thought it was wonderful. She didn't know if the frame underneath the bed would hold up from all the intensity, but it did, rocking and bouncing, and the giggles and the screams and the shrieks of orgasmic joy made Marla wish her little bedroom was that alive every day and every night.
There were couplings in every imaginable position. One that Marla particularly remembered was riding Derek reverse cowgirl with her loverboy Jesse in her mouth and Morgan's dirty dirty tongue wiggling around in her asshole. She came with a grunting, low-burning smolder right at that moment and it was sublime.
After the longest time, the orgy's energy waned the way orgy energy always does, and Marla was stretched out on her bed surrounded by lounging, naked youth. She felt like a queen, and like a mother, and like a glowingly happy best friend. There was a comfort level in the room that astonished her and made her smile.
"How long have you lived here, Marla?" Beatriz asked.
"Since my divorce, this past summer. This is my little oasis after that mess cleared away."
"Oh, you're divorced? Divorce is very common in Puerto Rico."
"Really? Isn't it a mostly Catholic country?"
"It is, but...I worry about marriage. It seems so...difficult."
"I have a theory about it," Marla said, and all her young naked friends turned their attention to her. "I think you guys will be better at it than I was, and better at it than my divorced friends were, because sex plays such a huge part in it. Divorced couples usually blame their troubles on other things, but I'd be willing to guess their sex life wasn't very good. One of them wanted more; one of them wanted different things out of it, one or both of them was afraid to talk about it because everyone thinks sex is something we have to keep so quiet about, with all kinds of puritanical hang-ups. That's why I love seeing you guys so open with your sexuality. I may be crazy to think so, but I think it sets you up for happy lives. If nothing else at least you'll have some more excitement than I had, and there's definitely something to be said for that."
"So, your husband," Beatriz said, "he wasn't...interested? I can't believe that. You're so beautiful. I'd give anything to have your body."
"No you wouldn't. You're beautiful, too. Our shitty sex life was my fault as much as my husband's. Neither one of us was adventurous. It was the same every time, either missionary or me on top. I can't help but wonder if he wanted more but was afraid to ask for it. It seems ridiculous that a loving married couple would be afraid like that, but, if my friends are anything to judge by, that's how so many marriages end up. The bedroom becomes this psychological torture chamber, and then somebody strays when they find the fun in sex again, outside the marriage. If I ever get married again, and I won't, by the way, but if I did, sex would be a priority. Open, honest sex. Lots of it. With fantasies out in the open, and giggling about how one of us would like to fuck that person that's walking down the street, and maybe even inviting that person into our bedroom. Call me crazy if you want, but I think it'd be healthier than the way most people do it."
It was a college level class in marital sexuality, and Professor Marla held her lecture class in the palm of her hand. It was appropriate that she was naked, and the post-orgasmic hormones in everyone's brains didn't hurt, either. Her students wondered about their own parents, if the ones who were still together were bored with their sex lives, and if the ones who were divorced could count a bad sex life as a major contributor to the downfall.
"I don't think you're crazy," Morgan said. "When I was like, fourteen, I heard my mom talking to her friend. They were both saying how shitty the sex was. They just sounded like it was awful, and boring. It was weird for me, because I was just starting to think of boys in that way. Sexual, you know? I guess I needed to find out, because I started right away. In high school I was voted class slut."
"Really?" Sarah asked, surprised. "Is that athing?"
"No," Morgan said, smirking. "Just...unofficial."
"And what did you find out?" Marla asked. "What did you decide?"
"I'm definitely gonna have a sexy marriage," Morgan said. "You guys sorta know, I like doin it out in...sorta out in the world. And Halloween was the best, cuz now me and Derek are with all you guys, sorta whenever we feel like it, but we're still like totally in love. I think I love him more now. Is that weird? It's, like, the best relationship I've ever had."
"What if you guys get married, like, five years from now," Jesse asked her. "Would you still fuck other people?"
"I'd wanna, yeah," Morgan said. "Derek would know that, though. That's why it's so perfect."
"And if his secretary looks like Ariana Grande, and he's got a couch in his office?"
"Yeah, I'm liking this future," Derek said.
"Isn't that what you're talkin' about, though?" Morgan asked Marla. "Letin' it sorta flow, but havin' a home base where there's really awesome love?"
"Do you think that's possible?" Marla said. "I'm not sure. I'm still trying to figure it out."
"Yeah," Morgan smiled. "He's got the hot secretary and I've got the hot poolboy. And on Fridays we have naked parties that they both come to. The poolboy has tattoos and looks like Justin Bieber, and I get to lick Ariana Grande's pussy."
"Oh my God," Sarah said. "I'll still be your friend, right? I'll be at those parties?"
"Fuck yeah," Morgan said. "You'll have a sexy husband and we'll all fuck each other."
"Maybe we could just buy a really big house," Sean said. "We could just do it as soon as we get jobs, and not even worry about the marriage stuff. We can all just take care of each other, like family."
"Now you're talkin'," Marla said. "I'll need a nice sunny room. Twink likes to lay in the sun."
Everyone smiled and Twinkles walked in, right on cue after hearing his name.
"There's my little pervert," Marla said, patting the mattress with her hand to get him to jump up. "He was right out in the hall, listening to all the orgasms. I swear to God he likes it."
"He sits on the rug and watches me and Marla in the shower," Jesse said.
"Oh, wow," Sarah said. "I'd watch that."
Everyone smiled, and hands reached for soft feline fur, and Twinkles purred.
—
"Okay Mom. Yup, I'll talk to you soon. Love you. Bye."
Marla put her phone down on her kitchen table, and she gave Twinkles a quick petting, raking her fingers through his softness. He was lying right there on the table, sprawled on an open magazine. "Did you hear?" she asked him. "We've got two things to make, acorn squash and pumpkin pie. She says there'll be thirteen for Thanksgiving this year."
Twinkles purred.
Marla picked up her coffee mug and took a sip. She looked around the kitchen at the big pile of 'good china' dishes and serving bowls that Jesse had helped her wash, satisfied that the Thanksgiving dinner with her young friends had gone well. Her gaze drifted out the back window, to the nearly leafless lawn that was blanketed with half an inch with fresh snow. The icy whiteness clung to the tree branches, the sky was overcast, and the whole world outside the window was black and white and shades of gray. The colorful warmth of her kitchen, the warmth of home, nearly overwhelmed her.
"Do you remember Jesse's first day here, Twink?" she asked, caressing his furry neck with her slender fingers. "Remember when he took his shirt off, and we were sitting here?"
Twinkles purred.
If Marla's throat was built like a cat's, she would have been purring, too. The air felt light, almost like helium, as she gazed out at the backyard. It was one of those moments in time when you don't feel the chair you're sitting on, or the floor your feet are on. It was life at its most pure. Just a girl, thinking about a boy, knowing that he loves her.