This is part three of our trip to Hedonism resort in Jamaica.
I'm a nude model and my girlfriend is a nude dancer. We're both nudists and have zero inhibitions about being seen in the nude or being seen having sex. So the horny beasts that we are set out to push ourselves even further on a 100% naked, sex vacation for a week. The pages that follow are true. The dialogue is a recreation of my memory, but the orgasms were so often that the blood in my head was a little reduced to support the blood in my cock.
One of the great things about Hedo is the food and the service. Fresh everything is the easy way to describe it. Caribbean spices and fresh fruit rule every meal. Coffee is so great that no Starbucks anywhere holds a candle to the dark roast they serve.
For us, it was a bit of a bummer to find out that we couldn't be naked in the restaurants. We hadn't pack any clothes to speak of for the trip since our goals was to be nude 100% of the time, so for today's lunch we wrapped towels around ourselves and headed to the buffet.
I load up my plate with jerk pork and chicken some rice and melon. Lynn's more on the healthy side and makes a plate of fruit and veggies. Its' all you can eat, but we really want to get back to the pool.
Looking at her I say. "Let's eat on the pier."
"right behind you" she says turning to me.
"Since we aren't eating in the restaurant, I won't need this." and I drop my towel and once again I'm naked.
"Neither will I then." and she drops her towel revealing her head to toe tanned naked body.
Brazenly, we turn back to the pool, she's doing a bit of a stripper strut (occupational hazard I guess).
Stepping on to the pier we walk back the end and find the lounge chairs we had just fucked on that morning and enjoy our meals.
"Having fun?" is my question to her. "I saw you with the girls, and you reaally looked like you were enjoying yourself."
"Oh my god yes, Blondie's tongue is awesome, and Vivian's pussy is so sweet. You looked like you were having "fun" too" she giggles.
"Yea, that blonde had seen you suck me off, and she just came right out and said she wanted to swallow my cum. So who am I to say no to that?"
There's not a jealous bone in either of us. We're both there to get off on being naked and having as much sex as possible while letting people watch us cum.
We've cleared our plates by now and I turn to her and say. "Let me tell you, she DOES have a great talent for sucking cock. That much is for certain."
"Well then, we'll just have to have a blowjob contest then." is her reply. "You could have us both blow you, and we would compete to see who sucks best."
"I like your style. Anything in the interest of being fair and all." I laugh.
"Speaking of being fair, I haven't been fucked yet. You promised me a lot of fucking Mr. Man. When will it be my turn?" she pretends to scold me.
"Well then, what'll it be, on the pier or on the beach? Your choice."
She looks over the rail of the pier to the beach, and says "Ooohhh, the beach, Fuck me on the beach, definitely the beach."
"The beach it is, let's do it"
We walk the 100 ft of the pier and turn to the stairs that lead to the beach. There are maybe 20 couples here and there, some under the shade others in chairs by the water's edge.
All them are about to see us fuck each other in broad daylight right in front of them.
"The nice thing about being naked on a beach is you don't get sand in your bathing suit." I say to Lynn as we walk.
"The other thing is that people can watch you fuck." she says boldly.
"Duh" Is my one word reply.
The nude beach is small, maybe only a couple hundred feet, so we walk to the middle at the water line and she lies down on her back. Her feet are a little spread, which makes her pussy gape a bit.
"Shit! I forgot my camera! Be right back. Go ahead and start without me."
"Like I need to be told that." she yells back reaching down to play with herself.
There's a couple about 10 feet away, and she turns and asks. "You guys don't mind do you? I'm really horny right now, and just can't wait."
Both of them nod their approval, and she's off. Pinching her nipples with one hand, she has two fingers in her slit. No lube necessary. Her pussy is more than wet enough.
Biting her lower lip, she's moaning. Quietly at first, and then louder as her pleasure increases.
Every moment or so, she'd look back at the beach stairway to check on my return. As I walk up, she's in full display her legs spread wide, both hands on her pussy, almost a blur as she rubs her clit.
I am now right in front of her my Nikon in hand capturing her slutty show. Between shots I'm jerking off too now, totally naked in full view of every beach guest.
"Fuck me baby, fuck me hard. I need it. Come fuck me like the slut that I am." she says hoarsely, breathing hard.
I look around, all eyes are on the scene in front of them. I see the two couples from the pool, the ones with the fake boob girlfriends. I catch the eyes of one of the dudes eyes, and he's giving me a thumbs up. Calling out to him I ask, "Dude do you mind? We want to take some pictures, and I can't do both."
"Uhh, sure I guess." is his reply as he rises from his chair and looks at his girlfriend for approval.
"Go for it." she says.
Even though I've had two orgasms already, my cock is like steel. I hand him the camera and say. "It's pretty simple, just point and click." and I drop to my knees to mount Lynn.
"You ready for this babe? You're going to be fucking on camera in Jamaica in 3,2,1" and I piston my cock deep into her spinner body bottoming out in her cunt in one stroke. She's incredibly wet and her pussy is practicallly on fire. I reach around her ass to lift it a little giving me a better angle to really get all of my 8 inches inside.
"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god." she moans as I begin the slow seduction of in all the way, slowly pulling out all the way, a brief tease then plunging in all the way over and over.
Camera dude is getting it all, close ups of her face, close ups of my cock balls deep, close ups of my cock pulled out. He's getting into it I can tell. His own cock now fully erect as he clicks.
"You're so wet, so wet, so tight." It's like a dream, a porn dream. I'm letting it all in. The whole experience is surreal to me.
Completely naked on a Caribbean beach, just wildly fucking in public while being photographed in front of maybe 30 people all of whom are equally naked.
"Let me get on top. I want to ride you." Lynn begs.
I get up and roll over to let her climb on. I know she loves reverse cowgirl and yep here she goes.
She starts slowly but quickly is fucking me with every muscle in her body. She'd slam her ass down to hammer at her cunt, and then raise up to repeat it faster and deeper, faster and deeper. She's back to rubbing her clit so hard it might catch fire from friction.
Camera guy has stopped taking pictures and is jacking himself off while we fuck.
He's standing at my feet looking up at Lynn who's facing him as he watches. She motions to him to step closer and he does. Lynn immediately opens her mouth to swallow his cock while she's riding me. His cock is a little longer than mine but not as thick so she's got a lot to work with.
"mmmphh, mmmphh, mmmph" she's sucking him deep in her throat. Both hands are on his cock and balls as she milks the cum from his balls. She's having her third orgasm as she sucks, moaning and crying as waves of pleasure sweep over her.
Camera dude leans his head back, eyes closed, taking it all in. He's getting quite a blowjob and he's loving it.
The other guy in the duo, has now walked up and is taking over camera duties. He's getting it all, all three of us in full glory, Lynn's pussy being drilled reverse cowgirl, and the blowjob from Lynn in the front.
Camera dude can't take it any more and pulls out of her mouth. Lynn stops him. "No, I want to taste your cum, let me swallow your cum." and back down she goes her hand pumping, her head bobbing deeper, she stops to hold it deep and he explodes.
"FUUUUUCCKKKKKKK!" is his cry as he unloads in Lynn's throat. All the while the other guy clicks away.
Pulling away, Lynn hops off me and spins around to finish the job on my cock.
"Your turn baby. I'm gonna make this cock cum." she's relentless. She's lying on her stomach arms out, sucking me deep while she pumps my cock into her mouth.
"Yea, make me cum, I want to cum on your face again. Keep on being a slut, keep sucking, keep sucking. I'm close. Keep sucking."
"NOW!" I shout, standing up, I jack off in her face, her head back, tongue out, she's every bit the cum slut we'd promised each other.
The camera is inches away as I cum, my jizz exploding on her face. Back and forth she turns her head to make sure that every part of it is covered as ropey streams of sperm fly.
As it lands she scoops it into her mouth, "mmmmmmmm, so sweet, I love your cum." my slut says.
"WOW" is about all I can say, I'm a cum drunk naked slut. She's now rubbing my cock on her face, smearing my load from cheek to cheek. We both have zero inhibitions and are in total ecstasy.
Both of us breathing hard, I see the audience rise from their loungers and clap and whistle their approval.
Lynn looks at me glowing, her own cum drunk mind lost in the afterglow.
Neither of us ashamed, neither of us wanting to change a thing. We'd made a plan, and we're doing it. Except this time doing it meant fucking in public for an audience.
"You planned this didn't you?" she tilts her head to emphasize the question. "The "I forgot my camera", the whole thing, didn't you?"
"Not at all. Just a happy accident. The threeway was like a bonus though." I answer.
Camera dude says, "You can say that again." as he slowly strokes his cock beside us.
"Well, next time it's your girlfriend that's the bonus. How 'bout that one?" Lynn offers.
The party is just beginning I think.
"Well we better get dressed and get back. Except we're nudists so fuck that."
Lynn shakes her head in approval, "Fuck that is right. And I think I want to fuck some more. I need more cock, You promised."
Indeed I did, what she has in mind is making my head explode. No problem I think I've already exploded on her face twice today and been sucked off a third time, so bring it on. I walk with Lynn, strident in our nakedness, self aware of our slutty performance just moments before the, un-fuckingly limitless possibilities ahead.
She's in control, and her sex drive is out of control. Seems like a perfect way to spend the rest of the afternoon I think, squeezing her ass as I walk...