Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is a work of fiction. I made it all up. This story more so than most of my writing is proof that I write fiction. That means that no, I am not in the Army, I don't live in Canada, I have never been on a dog sled, and this story will most likely never happen. It is a heck of a story, so check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is.
Warning: this is a self-edited story. I do use Grammarly to help reduce my ability to murder the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help.
*****
Chapter 32 -- Surprise
The next morning is tranquil. I make coffee but no big breakfast. Everyone eats a bagel, a bowl of cereal, or just some toast and fruit. Nobody is talking, and Mary and Penny arrive late. I say hi as I walk out. There is a ton of new snow that needs to be removed. The crew used snowblowers, but you need a shovel by the doors. I need to bring in a bunch of wood and split more to replace what I used. It's hard work, and my muscles are sore. I am getting soft, I need more of this hard work.
I spend all day working around the lodge. Not many people are out. It's cold, and there is a ton of snow. It's hard walking around unless a path has been cleared. A few horses are up front, so I bring them about, out of the cold wind. I get them some feed and water and brush them off a bit. I know these are Penny's and her boyfriend's horses. Odd, I don't even know his name. I laugh at myself, I never cared enough to ask. How childish, I will ask him later.
The sun is going down, I go inside and straight up to my bedroom. In my washroom is a six-person shower and a two-person soaking tub. I am cold, smelly, and my muscles really ache. It's hard even taking off my damp clothes. I should probably burn them rather than have someone wash them. My clothes and I smell terrible. The tub has been filling up with scalding hot water. I turn a light shade of pink as I step in. Oh yes, this feels good.
I lean back and enjoy the salts that I have been taught to use. I don't know why I use them other than I was told that is how to use a tub properly. Right now, it smells like lilacs, and my muscles feel fantastic. I lean my head back, and I almost immediately fall asleep. I feel much better, but the tub is still scalding hot, someone must have drained and refilled the tub. I lean back and enjoy. I fall asleep again.
I wake up in a lukewarm tub. Time to get out. I shuffle into the bedroom where I dry off and put on some clothes. As I walk downstairs, the family is watching TV in the living room. I find a plate from dinner in the refrigerator. I pull it out and heat it up in the microwave oven. I bring the plate and a glass of filtered water into my office. Time to check my email and get some work done. I have a class next week, and I need to verify travel schedules.
Mom came into the room and sat down in a chair.
She tells me, "DeeDee sat with you for an hour tonight. George sat in the tub for his back issues, and she found it peaceful to be in there while you were soaking. You and her husband have much in common. She refilled the water for you. Mary and Penny have not shown their face much today. Kim did a lot of texting but hasn't been willing to talk about it. Don't worry, it will work out. Trust me."
Mom snickers, "Kim is in a good mood. You saved her and then fucked the hell out of her. I don't think even death would wipe that smile off her face."
Even I smile at that.
I explain, "I still feel bad for Penny and Mary. There wasn't any happiness in their faces. It kills me to hurt people I like."
Mom corrects me, "People you love." She pauses. "I understand what you mean though. I don't think they're unhappy with you. I think it had to do more with their boyfriends. Once you talk to them, all will be better. They can't resist you. Just smile!"
If only it were so easy.
She gets up, and on her way out, she gives me a big hug. Mom's always gives great hugs. She looks back and gives me a knowing smile before closing the door. I never close the door. That must be mom's cue to me that a mystery is afoot. As a child, mom made up this game where she would give Kim, and I clues, like a treasure or scavenger hunt, to get cupcakes, Rice-crispy treats, cookies, or a special treat like picking out the night's movie. We had to figure out the clues to get the big prize. Typically, if you got the clue right, it took you to the next puzzle.
A few minutes later there is zero surprise in my eyes when an envelope is slid under the door. On the outside of the envelope are the words, "Open me," and it's done with words from magazines. There is a variety of fonts, sizes, and colors for each letter and they are glued to the envelope. Inside of the envelope is more of the same. Damn, this took them a long time and a ton of magazines.
The note reads, "The army claims that you are a rescuer. Two evil boyfriends have kidnapped everyone in the house and have endangered their lives. You need to save everyone. You have played Robin Hood; can you now play Sherlock Holmes? How many can you save? This mission, should you accept it will take you outdoors, over land, over water, you will fight beasts, and some situations will be dangerous. Be careful, a dead soldier saves nobody. NO WEAPONS will be needed. You will be watched, should you cheat, you will be shot in the ass. Be good and save your family or they will all die a horrible death. Your first clue is: half baked."
I walk out of my office, and nobody is in the living room. The dogs are laying on the floor asleep like they usually do. The TV is still playing a movie, but nobody is watching it. The lights are still on. All the blinds are up. It's as if everyone was beamed up into a spaceship. Baked must be the oven. Half-baked probably refers to the over door. If I open it too far, I bet a cheesy boom will be heard over the speakers.
I play it safe; I don't see anything on the outside of the door. With mom, nothing is ever as it seems. I have a penlight, I crack the door open and shine my pen light inside, and sure enough, there is what looks like a few sticks of explosives inside the oven, and it's taped to the door. It looks real but no way those could be real. They are not risking the house to real explosives.
I use a set of long tongs for the grill to pull out the envelope. More of the funky lettering. This is my first clue. How do I know? It's labeled Clue #1. "There are lots of storage buildings on the property, this is the one with a unique door. Get it right, you get two family members. Get it wrong, you need a new storage shed as this one will go boom. You have 10 minutes. Time has started, get going!"
All the storage buildings are the same, we built them from the same set of plans. Most of them are lined up in a row, we added them as our needs grew. There is one by the lake, one by the helicopter pad, two out by the horse barn, and one out by the dog barn. I smile, the one by the helicopter pad is facing west. All the others are facing south. I run up to the building, and the first thing I do is turn on the light switch. I get a shock. Oh? What the hell is going on here?
I check the door, and it looks normal. There is a window on the front of the building. I move a box in front of the window and stand on the box. Now I can see inside. Dad and DeeDee are bound, gagged, and tied to each other. I see sticks of explosives here as well with wires going to the door. The buildings have electric heaters. There is a large fan that helps circulate the air. This year we are not heating this building. DeeDee looks cold, she isn't wearing much. I need to hurry. There is a vent on the side of the building that will allow me access. I remove the vent using my Leatherman and crawl inside the tight fit. I quickly remove the two wires from the explosives. Very amateur job, yet had I opened the door, boom.
As I remove the gags, dad is quick to say, "The two boyfriends are mad as hell at you. Penny and Mary broke up with them, and they planned this whole thing. Those are live explosives. Everyone has been working on your mother's puzzle. The boyfriends used that for their 'game' tonight."
I don't think dad is lying, but I am not ready to believe those are live explosives. There is a note in DeeDee's pocket.
She hands it to me, "This is for you."
The note says, "Very well done. You solved a problem, you will get a reward. Spit roast the bitch or else."
I look at them, "Is this real?"
DeeDee looks at me, "Those two guys are fucking crazy but hey, if they want you two spit roasting me, who am I to complain? Bring it on boys."
If this is my family, they approved of this. If this is the psycho twins, I still need to do it. DeeDee has already pulled down her pants and panties. She is bent at the waist and dad is standing in front of her with his pants and boxers around his ankles. Damn, he is ready for this. I lower my shorts and boxers and then look at DeeDee's fine ass. She is a slim woman, probably in her sixties. Her breasts are sagging, but you can tell, she was special back in the day. Old age has been rather kind to her. She was quite the catch for my old friend.
I slowly press in causing her to pull off dad and moan loud. DeeDee is enjoying this tremendously. Since I am here, I let her enjoy it. She has so much fluid running down her leg, it's like a broken dam. Dad is moaning as well. He isn't going to last long. I speed up to help distract DeeDee and make her take longer. My plan works perfectly. Almost too good, she can barely keep dad in her mouth. I slow down. This works better for everyone.
My cock is sliding in and out of DeeDee, and she loves it. Her body is on fire, and she is slamming her body back to meet me and then lurching forward to swallow dad. My hands can roam her body, and feel all of her assets. I lean forward and grab her hips so I can keep her in position. I can see her breasts swirling around in circles. It's an impressive display of flesh.
I can't pound her too hard, or she might knock dad over. She is tighter than I expected. With giving dad her full attention, she can't tell me if she is enjoying this or not. I have no clue to her state of mind. In a way, the sex is less fun that it should be. I love seeing and hearing my partners complements and enjoyment. I don't want to feel like I must do it!
I know she is enjoying this, she is loudly slurping dad's cock. Is she eager to please him or is she being pleased by me? I have no way to know. I can see dad though, and he loves her oral attention. This would be an exciting pairing, DeeDee, mom, and dad. I know she would rather have me, but I don't see Kim letting that happen, and I have no need for that. I would never turn down a fine pussy, but Kim is all I need.
Dad is first to blow his load. DeeDee stops slamming into me. I can hear her slurping and gag on dad's cum. No complaints from her at all. Oh no, she has quite the grin on her face and has cum running down her chin. It's an impressive sight and makes her sexy as hell. She knows it's there and she is enjoying it.
Dad hands me an envelope, I open it, and it says, "Go fishing but don't break the ice." This could be two things. It could be the lake, and a hole has been cut out, or it could be the hot springs. I am betting the hot springs, we have no wet suits to survive in the freezing cold water. As we exit the storage building, there are now three horses in front of the house. Dad didn't even notice them because they are in the wrong direction. I always scan my surroundings.
We take the horses and ride them at a trot to the spring. I sure am glad we spent the time learning how to ride the horses. They are so damn useful I feel foolish for never have thought of getting them. It's a long cold ride. By trotting the horses give off heat that is much appreciated.
On nearing the spring, I am shocked, I don't see anyone. I expected at least a head popping out saying, hey, save me. I spot a clear hose nailed to a tree root. Someone is in the water. I immediately send dad for the dry firewood we keep in the shed. He is confused as to why he is doing this, but DeeDee helps him. I have them build a fire close to the springs as I strip naked. That distracts DeeDee as she is all but useless as I am removing my clothes. She does at least hold them for me, so they don't get wet.
I jump in the water. I can see a glow in the water. I know someone is down there. My pocket flashlight is watertight, I turn it on under water. I disable the explosive again and find Connie tied to the ground. I unbind her hands and body, allowing her to float up with me.
Sounds easy right? Not a chance in hell. I can only hold my breath a bit over a minute. That was fifteen trips back for air. I am exhausted and cold as hell as I get out of the water. There is a single blanket there next to her clothes on the frozen ground. I dry her off first and then myself. However, the towel is partially wet from Connie which means my teeth are chattering. Fortunately, we have a hot fire. Connie is more than willing to warm me up. Her letter is decorated with a picture of a penis, and they glued pictures of icicles on it.
They sure are funny. That was a dangerous stunt though. Had water got in the hose or she lost the tube from a sneeze or cough, she is dead. I do not like this game. On the one hand, the explosives are fake, so far ... I think. Yet that was dangerous, would they risk her life and me catching a bad cold?
I read the letter, "Let mom warm her son's prick. Take cowgirl like a good cowboy. Better make her orgasm or else..."
I hate this game. Mary's mom is reading the letter with interest. She is smiling big. She never says a word, just smiles and pushes my hands back so she can descend on my pole. The fire is hot, so at least the stones I am sitting on bare ass naked aren't frozen anymore. Don't get the idea this is great though, it's still cold as hell. The breezes are raw, almost painful. Dad puts my coat around me while a vagina slowly slides down my shaft.
She says out loud, "Oh yes. Just like I remember it. You are so much bigger than my husband. I have never had a piece of meat like this before. Well, other than the night I mounted you at our house when you met Mary. Every time Roscoe saw us for the next week, he just smiled at us. We were all thrilled. He was never mad at you or me. He told me that he was sorry for the last few years and that if I ever find something that interests me, just help myself. I told him it would be a cold day in hell. Fuck, this qualifies I think."
Dad and I both laugh at that. DeeDee just shook her head with a smile. While Connie is talking, she starts bouncing on my cock. I reach around and lightly stroke her nipples as they bounce around. She is moving around too much, I can't keep up. I put my hands behind me, lock my arms, and enjoy the fucking I am receiving. Maybe last time I was too shocked, or perhaps I was too tired, all I know is this is a lot different, and I may explode soon.
This is the second experienced pussy in the last hour, and I must say, even though they aren't as tight as a teen or young twenty-somethings, there is something magical in the way they fuck. I can't put my finger on it, it's just different. Older women are more subtle in their feedback and meeting my thrusts.
I guess it's like American football when someone scores a touchdown. Some people just drop the ball like it was nothing like they have done it a million times. Others make a big dance for attention like this is the first time in the world they scored a touchdown. I remember the guys on base yelling at the TV, "Dude, grow up. Pretend like this isn't your first touchdown. That's embarrassing." Others like it because they are always unique. Personally, act like a man, and you have been there before. I guess I am the same with sex. Enjoy it, but act like you aren't a virgin.
Connie is tighter than I expected. No doubt she has not seen much use over the last few decades. It's more than just non-use, her pussy is squeezing me. I believe it is her Kegel muscles. Nobody I have been with has ever had mastery of their Kegels. I am surprised mom doesn't, she is experienced. All I know is that as I get about halfway in, she squeezes me making it harder to thrust in. I love this feeling. However, I love it too much. She is going to cut this short.
As hard as I might try, she made me cum hard for her. I wrap my arms around her, and we are both breathing hard. She worked very hard bouncing on my cock and using her energy while I conserve mine. She is sweating from working so hard. I appreciate being able to save energy.
In a soft voice, she says to me, "I fear you have much more to do tonight and it's late already. As much as I wanted that to last, you are needed elsewhere. I fear you have worse to do yet. You need your strength and wits about you. Here is another envelope for you."
I open the envelope, "You guessed correctly, however, someone is hanging around by the other fishing hole."
We do ice fishing down by the dock. It's about a hundred feet up the shore, but I would bet anything that is where my next victim is. We get on the horses with Connie doubled up with me and holding tight. We ride the horses as hard as conditions allow. I don't want one slipping on ice or them getting sick from breathing too much cold air after running too hard. I know I hate that, and I bet they do as well. Runt seems to be the only one unaffected by the weather.
I am freezing my ass off. Connie brought up a good point, with all this sex and then the underwater straining and freeing, I am losing a lot of strength. It's wearing me down. Will I have enough for the end? I have my doubts. I hope this is all fake. The underwater thing has me worried.
As I near the lake I look to my left, out to the shed that is on the lake. Looking up that way I see someone standing on a sawhorse, and they have a rope around their neck. I can't risk the horse as I run over water, so I dismount. Later, my family points out that riding the horse along the shore while further was far faster than running a straight line. They are right. It's the first sign that my mind is getting fatigued.
I am on foot and running towards the hanging person, it's Roscoe. His hands are bound, and his mouth is gagged. A rope has him taunt on a long branch as he stands on his tiptoes. If he loses balance, he falls and hangs himself. As I am running at full speed, I can see his eyes light up. Oh shit, probably a trap. I wonder, will Runt detect the trap?
Runt is in his normal trained position, in front, and to the side a bit. He is running to the man he knows. For him, this is great fun. His tail is wagging, and he almost has a smile on his face. About two steps in front of Roscoe, Runt freezes and sits on his ass. I can't stop now and even if I could, I wouldn't. Runt runs away as I leap up for Roscoe. He didn't expect this to happen. I bet he can see his own death, me knocking him off the saw horse and then him hanging until dead.
However, I have a plan. I don't leap up to grab his body, I jump high and grab the rope with one hand and his body with the other. He is hanging from a nice sturdy tree, and it holds his body up so it would easily hang him. But now it is supporting our combined body weight, and that is too much for an old tree with a limb hanging precariously far out. I expected the branch to fall. I did not expect the two explosions to go off as I land.
Ok, they were explosive devices, and they made lots of noise. However, they must have been damp or weakened. I know shrapnel explosions; the damage should have been far more extensive. I learned two things, this is no game, and two ex-boyfriends are going to die. One way or another, they will go down. This was a relatively easy task. They must have intended for me to solve it some other way.
They don't want to kill me, at least not yet, they want to wear me down. This is not good, not good at all, it's a fantastic plan. Roscoe takes off the rope and gag on his own after I free his hands. He hands me a letter and a package. The letter reads, "This treat is a bit sweeter than the others. Open the box." I open the small box and inside is a "Heath" bar, my all time favorite candy bar. I love these things. Mom must have had some stashed away somewhere. Had I known we had some, I would have eaten it long ago. I take my time enjoying the hard toffee that is inside. After I finish the candy bar, Roscoe hands me a second letter.
I am amazed at how much effort they went to. Each letter is still done with magazine letters painstakingly cut out then glued to form words. It's like right out of a movie where someone is ransomed. I guess I find it cute that they would care enough to assemble this entire ... thing. I have no idea what you call this. I am still conflicted. How do two guys assemble all of this in one day? My family seemed reasonable all day. Yet the explosion and the stunts have been mild if not down-right dangerous and risky. This is like a puzzle within a series of puzzles.
Roscoe hands me the next letter and hesitates while giving it to me. He doesn't want me to take it. I see the pain in his eyes. That scares me more than anything yet. This confirms that this is not mom's doing, this is real. Holy shit, what the hell have I got myself into?
I look Roscoe deep in the eyes, "I have to do this, I can live with the risks. I know they are wearing me down. I love all of you. I have risked my life for people I didn't know. I will undoubtedly risk everything for people I love. We hug hard, and then we shake hands. However, this isn't a typical handshake. In the palm of his hand is a dog whistle. I cup my palm, accepting the whistle and then bring my hands to my mouth so I can warm my hands. I blow two long blows followed by two short and then two more long blasts. That alerts the dogs to danger.
I open the letter, and it's another instruction. This one is straightforward, "Don't rock the cradle." Oh shit, the children! I turn around and run for the horses.
I give instructions, "Roscoe is cold and needs attention. Bring him to the house, I will be in the nursery, DO NOT FOLLOW ME! Go down into the cellar where it is safe."
I make the horse run, no longer caring about either of our safety. Quickly I am in the house and panting for breath. I run up the stairs and down two hallways to the nursery. The door is already open, and the lights are dimmed. All the children are sleeping. I notice that the twins are both wrapped up and sharing a crib. I look over at the other crib, and it is stuffed with mom. Her knees are up against her chest, and she is bound head to foot in rope. She has a gag and tape across her mouth. It's clear that she has and still is crying. She may be in pain. I hear a light buzzing, possibly a vibrator. Oh my, to be helpless with a vibrator inside of you, she must be on the edge of madness by now.
My instincts tell me to pick her up, but experience tells me that is the last thing I should do. Gently I get down on the floor and look under the crib. As expected, there is an explosive device. However, unlike the others, this is a sophisticated device with a timer and motion sensors. I can't see everything because the explosives cover most of the device. Interestingly, they allow me to see the motion detectors.
Again, I disable the bomb by pulling the wires out of the explosives. However, this seems too simple for the extra complexity that they added. There must be more to this task, it's too easy. I run downstairs and get two plastic bags and fill them with ice. I return running directly to mom. I have six ice cubes in a bag. I first hold the bag to the motion sensor, and it freezes the liquid in the sensor. Now I tape it in place. I repeat this on the other sensor. Once done I check the other cribs. I find no devices. I pick the babies up one by one and carry them to the basement with the others.
Now that they are out of danger, I try to lift mom straight up. She is tied to the crib which is funny because she is so large compared to the tiny crib. I whip out my Leatherman's knife and cut her free. I lift mom up and out of the crib. There are quick releases on mom, so I use those to free her. Immediately, she thrusts two fingers into her pussy and pulls out a pudgy little vibrator set on low.
Mom then throws it at the garbage can. In a move of frustration, she whips off the tape and gag followed by taking a deep breath.
Mom is animated, "You'd better kill those two mother fuckers."
She hands me an envelope that she retrieved from a bookcase. Then she gets down on the floor and into doggie position. She had already removed her shorts and panties to retrieve the vibrator.
The envelope reads, "The whore has needs, fulfill them." Geeze, like I didn't see this coming. As I am reading, mom has turned around and is unbuckling my belt and the buttons on my jeans. I shoo her hands away.
I am frustrated, "I can do this myself." I unzip myself and narrow my legs, making it easier to pull down my pants. Mom quickly pulls down my boxers. As my boxers hit the floor, I feel a mouth envelope my cock. She doesn't do a standard blowjob, this is more like pre-lubing me for easy entry. After some messy slobbering on my cock, she pulls off and turns around, presenting her ass to me. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this one out.
I ease myself to my knees and slide into mom's rectum. She probably thought I would warm up on her pussy to get more lubrication, but I am in a rush. My three loves are still out there. I know mom and dad like anal, that allows me to thrust in quickly. Speaking of fast, that is what I am doing to her ass. I am quickly and forcefully fucking her in the ass. To help her out, I spank her butt cheeks a few times.
Mom loves every second of this. Her body is trying to match mine. She thrusts her ass back as I am thrusting forward creating some fantastic body slamming. She has no problem with my size while I stay fast which is what I do. As I run dry, I pull out too far and then ream her pussy a few times. That earns me a moan each time. I am going way too fast for her to resist me. Mom typically slows down to extend the session, not tonight. She does nothing to slow her pleasure. That concerns me.
As I pump in and out of her fine hole, I am struck at how much she loves me. I know she would love nothing better than to extend this for hours. However, that would endanger the others, and she could not live with herself if that happened. She allows me to go faster, she will get some fun now, and much more later. This is all about accomplishing a goal.
As far as goals go, this one isn't half bad. Poor mom was on edge from the vibrator consuming her. Therefore, it doesn't take long for her to orgasm. I usually wipe a woman out, and they pass out and scream. This one was nothing special. She couldn't enjoy it as much as she often does. She does roll over and with a smile beaming on her face. I quickly race to the washroom to clean up.
As I exit the washroom, mom is standing in the doorway with another envelope, and she hands it to me. Inside is the world's easiest clue, "Woof. No horses, we don't want to endanger them. You have twenty minutes or boom."
I yell at mom, "Cellar, now. Stay there and don't come out. They're watching the house. There are more than two, I have seen them." Mom has a look of horror on her face. She starts crying again. "Hey mom, I will be fine. I figure another two hours. My guess is backup is on the way, and I still have the dogs on my side. I have guns around the forest if needed. Right now, I'm playing their game. I need to give my friends time."
As I am running out of the house and up the road to the dog compound, I am worried. George is gone, and some stranger is probably in change now. I don't know if the Americans even watch me anymore like they used to. I don't know who the base commander is. There is an excellent chance they aren't watching my back. I am not worth satellite time anymore yet alone watching the infra-red for strangers in the woods.
Because of the warning I gave out, four dogs are with me now. Rocky and Runt lead the way, I know there are two more behind me. My biggest problem is that other than Rocky, these are house dogs. They have not been on missions or trained with me like the work dogs have. Rocky has experience of course, but the others only have Mary's training. As we near the buildings, there is a lot of barking in the barn where the dogs are kept. The lights are out, the heat is out, and all the dogs are barking like their life depended on it. They are whipped up into a frenzy. I have no idea where Mary is, but I am sure Mary is here. As I am running into the barn, I go straight to the office. I am still running when I launch my body at the door as I yell, "Kill!"
Inside of the office is a terrified man who is blowing a dog whistle into the microphone. I have never seen this man before. Fuck, that is a horrible sign. Rocky and Runt immediately attack the man and are mauling him as I get up and looking for a weapon. I don't see one. That was smart of them. I pull the man up, and while he is off balance, I literally try to kill him with a punch to the face. That hurt me, but it was very satisfying. He wobbled and then fell to the ground unconscious.
I tie the man up with the rope and leashes we have around. I wanted access to this room so I could use the cameras to see where Mary is. Stall fifteen. I can smell something, it feels heavy in the air, like a burning smell. It surrounds us. I throw a dog leash at the cages, and sure enough, all the lights blink, and I see sparks by the metal clasp.
Time is running out. I toss a rope up into the rafters then climb up. I then tie off the line above Mary and drop down to her. She can walk but her hands are bound, and her mouth is taped shut. There is a bomb in the room showing three minutes. This one is easy to diffuse. I pull the wires out of the sticks of explosives and touch them to the wires of the cage. That killed the device, overloaded it with electricity.
I am handed a note, "This is the last time you get to fuck her after we kill you each of us will take her daily. Right now, use the provided motivation and fuck her doggie style."
Mary is sniffling and crying. I hold her tight and then start removing her pants and panties.
Mary says softly, "They can hear and see us. You must cum in me."
I look at Mary with my best hurt expression, "Oh fuck me. Why do I always get stuck with the beautiful women?"
Mary smiles and pulls down her panties. She is wearing a dress, I can push it up for access. I once again am taking off my jeans today and then slipping down my boxers. Mary doesn't even bother looking. She knows what I feel like. As I stick my cock up her pussy, she winds me up for a quickie. Nothing makes me cum faster than dirty talk. I do appreciate her speeding this up, I will use less energy.
Mary says softly, "Oh fuck this is good. You are so much bigger than Jim. You hit the farthest reaches of my pussy. I love the way you quick fuck me. Oh, fuck this is good."
How can she even talk? I am thrusting into her about as fast as I can. Ideally, I don't go my fastest and use up all my energy. I am sure Mary has worked that out. She isn't one to talk usually. Tonight, she is a chatterbox.
Mary continues, "I'd say I'd forgotten how long and thick your cock is, but I never did. I lay awake at night dreaming of this moment where you loosen up my pussy so I can't feel men with small dicks like Jim. Oh my, how I missed you. You can't believe what you are doing to my pussy and me. Jim never got me this excited. My pussy never produced this much fluid. You can see it dripping from my dirty cunt."
I move to my fastest gear, I am close. Mary wants to talk but can't due to the extreme pleasure she is receiving from me. She is moaning up a storm from her enjoyment. I am hot and sweaty, I am working way too hard, this is taking lots of energy. Too much. It is very nice though. I can feel my shaft sliding in and out of Mary. I don't know why, but she was always the best fuck. I can almost feel the walls of her vagina sliding over my cock. Add that, plus the speed, Mary's dirty talk, and I am almost ready to blow.
Typically, I do something to prolong the fun, I slow down, change the angle, something. It is weird when I do nothing to prolong the encounter. I am ready to blow, and I feel bad as I release my load into Mary. I feel like I cheated her. Typical Mary, she is quick to sense my feelings and envelopes me in a huge hug.
Mary hugs me hard and says to me, "It's ok. Once you free the others and get some sleep, we will do this right. You completed your mission, take this envelope and go."
I put on my boxers and jeans first. Now that I have my body covered, I open the envelope. They are again trying to show off their mastery of the written word. They can't. They've hand drawn a picture of a horse. Now, this is no ordinary drawing, this looks like a child drew it. Not only do they not command the English language, but they can't draw worth a shit either. I show it to Mary. She laughs.
Mary says I am sure for effect, "It's amazing that they thought to bring a child with them to do their drawings. I guess they used up their crayons."
After I stop laughing, I whisper, "Mary, take your four best dogs and go back to the house. They're in the cellar, you know the code. Don't use the main trail. Take the long way around and use snowshoes. Trust me on this, it's crucial to your survival."
When Penny put in a wine cellar, she also slipped in a safe room. It's hidden, and we never tell people about it. I don't want them taking out Mary as I run to the stables. I am hoping this will make them run around a bit. If my guys are here, this will help them out. I still have not heard a helicopter. With the snow this deep, even with snowshoes, they won't get here quick enough.
They will have to be dropped off close. Either several helicopters are coming, or none will. I fear that none are and that is a big problem for me. With the extra man in the office, there are others here. Why? How many? How do I take them all on? They will eventually draw me out into the open. A bulletproof vest won't save me from a sniper. Without help, how do I survive?
I am now standing outside of the stables. Now that I have stopped running, frost is forming on my skin from the sweat. The barn door is partially open, and the lights are on inside. I walk up and pull the doors open. I see Penny at the far end of the barn. She is bound and has been beaten. She has blood running down her face and from both corners of her mouth. Standing in front of her is a mountain of a man.
The man says in his heavily accented voice, "It's about time you get here. Beating her is no fun."
The man has a knife in hand and shows off the long shiny blade. To my side is a stump for holding an ax. In it is a small knife, about half the size the man has. He is full of scars, probably a master knife wielder. My shoulders slump, I am a dead man.
I order the dogs, "Stay, sit." No need to get them hurt.
I look around and don't see any weapons other than a pitchfork but it's wood, and not sharp. Swell. Tears are running down my face, this is how it ends, with a knife in my heart. I am no expert with a knife. I have no way to level the playfield. He taunts me by motioning for me to come closer. Slowly I move and pick up the knife and then inch closer. I am in no hurry to meet my death.
That is the moment my life changed, it only took a moment, and it was just a soft sound. I hear a sound that is rapidly increasing in volume. It's not the familiar sound of a helicopter though. This is a jet airplane, and that makes me VERY happy as my friends are still watching over me. The volume rises and rises and rises. It's almost deafening when it momentarily goes silent. I cover my ears. There is a terrifying loud boom. A sonic boom to be precise. The American fighter jets will occasionally do a fly-by on the base or a group in the field. This sounded exactly like that. Damn, he is low. I knew to cover my ears, the other guy didn't. I get a flash of inspiration. I pull out my dog whistle and blow three long whistles. That means come here.
I order Rocky, "Howl."
Rocky has no idea why he is doing this, but I do. I just called every dog within half a mile. They will all come running. I am energized now, help is on the way. A fighter jet, probably American by the screech it makes, just did a fly-by, circles around, and is doing another. The Canadian air force has helicopters and transport planes. With as fast as he came back, this is an American fighter jet. I will bet my life there are helicopters nearby. Hopefully at least two helicopters and each will drop off two men, each in different positions.
The jet will be here for a while, to cover the noise. I take my Leatherman and throw it at the one lamp in the barn. It is now pitch black in here. Like we did earlier, I am going to think 3D. I would bet anything he is looking for me to be standing up and circling around him. I will go straight at him, but I will be crawling on the ground. With a jet fighter airplane low to the ground doing figure eights over our property, I can't hear anything. I need him outside in the moonlight.
I make my way back to Penny and drag her into the corner. I put her up on my shoulder AGAIN, and open the back door of the barn. I run out of the building with Penny on my shoulder. I call out to Rocky and Runt, my most reliable friends. They both catch up to me quickly, but hey, I am carrying a woman. The bad man has just cleared the barn and is chasing me. As I turn to look at him, he throws his knife at me. I see it coming, and all I need to do is move. Yet I can't. I am frozen in place surprised that he would give up his weapon. Because I turned, the knife hits me in the arm.
Oh fuck, that hurts. I drop Penny. The man catches up to me quickly and hits me in the face. I go flying from him hitting me so hard and being stunned from a knife sticking out of me. It's like my brain shut down and I am in shock. I go down. I do have enough sense to say, "Kill."
It's silent now. I am laying down in the deep snow, and an ugly man is now standing over me with a huge smile on his face. I hear some light thumping. That brings a smile to my face which makes his fade away. He still has no idea he is about to die. He is way too slow to respond to a dozen attack dogs mauling him to death.
I never looked at what the dogs did. They eventually just stopped. I picked up Penny again and start walking back to the house.
Weakly, Penny says, "I have an envelope for you."
I smile at her, I don't need to read it, I know how these assholes think, I will find a picture of a red cross inside. She looks at me in amazement. Inside the clinic, I will have no friends. It takes a long time to carry Penny to the house and then to the cellar. They will care for her. Mom and Mary are concerned about the blood leaking from my arm.
I smile at them, "I'm on my way to see Kim. I think I'll have her look at it."
I get several hugs, and they wrap part of dad's shirt around my knife wound. It doesn't hurt as much anymore. I am run down and tired. I don't even look for traps, I just walk in, and the outer room has lights on. I stumble into the first exam room, it's lights are on. Laying on the table with her legs up in stirrups is Kim. She is bound and gagged. There are several boxes in the room. The monitor that has typically medical charting software running on it, instead has the face of a man I now hate.
He uses a monotone voice, "We all heard how good you fuck these women. They all say you've fucked them for over an hour. Prove it. My finger is on a button. If I release my finger, lots of boom in that room. I'll only turn it off after you fuck her for an hour. Then I want to see you in front of your house, mono-a-mono. There, we will end this. Well, providing you can make it an hour, and my finger doesn't get sore."
I look at Kim and remove the gag, "He didn't say I couldn't remove the gag. I will leave you tied up, I don't want you running away." She smiles and has tears in her eyes. She can see the blood on my shirt.
For the hundredth time tonight, I am taking off my pants and boxers. At least this time it's warm in here. I look up at the clock, 11:30 PM. I insert my cock into Kim.
I don't know if Kim was rubbing it in or not, but she says to me, "Oh fuck you are big. I love how your cock slides into me. I love it when you hit the back of my pussy. I want you to go just a touch slower tonight. I want to feel each thick vein in your cock as it slides in and out of me."
Smart girl, she wants to conserve my energy for the guy that needs to die. I am refreshed now and have my second wind. With that jet overhead and this hour to fuck Kim, my team is scouring the area looking for bad guys. They are probably being directed by a bunch of my friends in Alaska as they sit around an infra-red satellite view catching this real time.
I bet they are all drinking a beer and screaming every time one of my team takes someone out. We are too far away to get a hostage rescue team in here from Canada. My guys are the best in the world at precisely this type of thing, so there really isn't much need for anyone else. The only thing they needed was something to cover their entrance. An American jet's sonic boom and then doing tight turns over our property disguises all noises. Even a loud helicopter landing nearby.
The snow is too deep to be let off far away and then walk in. It would have taken hours for them to get here. That was impractical. The fighter must have been the first capable of getting here. My base probably supplied a refueling tanker.
Kim starts to moan. That brings me back to my mission. I really can feel her walls as I slide in. Had I not already spewed my load several times tonight, I would probably be cumming too soon. However, I have no need as of right now. I hope I can orgasm right at one hour. I would hate to be here another thirty minutes waiting to shoot a load because the factory is slow to replace my shells.
I ask the man on the monitor who looks bored, "Why did you do this? I don't even know you."
The man laughs, "One, you are in the middle of nowhere. Two, you have gorgeous women. Three, one of those women is filthy rich. I hate to tell you this buddy, but nobody knows who you are. We saw a bunch of financial transactions from this location and liked what we saw. It's just too easy."
Shocked at his answer, I ask, "So, you truly have no idea who I am or what I do?"
The man laughs, "You family has a goldmine up here printing money. Everyone is lining up to pay you big dollars to go out hunting and fishing or ride a pony. I got to hand it to you. You may be a bigger thief than I am, and you do it legally."
He has no idea the amount of work that goes into what we do. The cost of the guides, airplane fares, food, water, campsites, wood, like it all grows on trees. All you do is point them north. What an idiot.
I continue, "So you didn't know I'm an American sniper huh? Didn't it seem odd that an American fighter jet does a supersonic fly over and then does figure eights over our property for a while? Does that happen where you live?"
He has nothing to say but is worried now. Perfect. I start swaying back and forth.
Kim says with a raspy voice, "Oh fuck Brian, I love it when you do that."
I move my hands up her body. It hardly seems necessary to hold her in place; the ropes are doing a fantastic job of that already. Her breasts are screaming out to me for attention, they are rolling around on her chest in a way that pleases me to no end. I palm each breast and squeeze them gently. Kim emits a long, low, deep, guttural moan of satisfaction.
I speak to the monitor, "Say Biff, I know you are tapped into the video conferencing system. Are you broadcasting this on the internet?"
Kim orgasmed as I ask the question. The thought of people watching voyeuristically was too much. I never stopped fucking her lovely hole. I love this woman too much.
Since I called him Biff and he never corrected me, Biff confirms, "Oh yes. We are live streaming a XXX cam show. I used every tag they have, they are expecting every fetish in the book."
Another voice cut in, one I know very well. Then a picture shows up, and the screen splits in two. This is common in video conferencing software. I think we can have up to sixteen people online at once. So, when I see Greg's face and hear his voice, to me, it is no big deal. Biff seemed a bit more surprised and astonished.
Greg says, "Hello my friend. I see Kim is in her preferred position, tied up, legs up, and your huge cock stuffing her good."
Kim yells out, "Fuck you, Greg."
Biff interrupts us, "Who the fuck is Greg and how the hell did you join us? You are interrupting my cam show."
The next voice I hear is also one that I know all too well. His picture is next to appear on the screen. Kim can't see the screen, and I doubt that she cares, she is enjoying the feeling too much. To help distract her, I speed up. I have a surge of energy now, having just confirmed that they will not allow this broadcast and that both of my biggest allies are involved. Everyone will be safe.
Barry breaks in, "Ahh my sweet daughter and my best friend, I miss you two. Greg has been sharing the feed with us. It's been quite interesting watching you run around like a drunk man. Biff's real name is Simon Stinson. He is a small-time con-man and thief. He has a companion and hired several mercenaries to assist. All that's left for you is to kill him. Your team has cleaned up the messes that were laying around. I would like to thank General Greg Mitchum for his help in detecting your issue and the effective noise suppression."
Biff, I mean Simon tries to talk, "How do you know who I am and why are you messing with my cam ..."
Greg is next to speak, "Ok, enough of him. I muted him. First, I want to thank both of you for the kind and generous letters of recommendation to Congress, the President, and the brass. Brian, as you know, your opinions count for a lot with the President after the Muffin saga. They don't give out half stars so they made me a full general and am I have taken the position of a man that I can never replace."
Barry adds, "Greg deserved it. Your friend George was always pulled in many directions, I dealt with Greg so often, it only seemed right that he should take his place. He's a good man, and we have continued the friendship and cooperation between our two countries. As you already know, Greg still watches over you. He arranged the impromptu air show over your house earlier."
Greg cuts him off with a smile, "Barry, he knew that and about Phil as the screech of the fighter jet was approaching their property. He knew that sound and all that came with it. The important thing now, and I will bring Simon back with us, is that he has been banging Kim for a good forty-five minutes. I vote we let them continue another fifteen before Brian finishes off his wife and your daughter. Then we let him kill Simon."
Barry counters, "It hardly seems necessary now, we know how this will end. I don't want my Operations Center and yours watching that stud fuck my daughter!"
Simon adds, "Add the internet. I'm broadcasting this."
Barry laughs, "Sorry, you're broadcasting an old episode of M.A.S.H. Only our two facilities are catching this feed."
DeeDee breaks in, and then her picture shows up with everyone else in the bunker, "Well, that isn't exactly true. We are in the bunker, and it has feeds to everything."
I start picking up speed. Everyone pauses talking.
Kim mumbles, "Oh so fucking good. Yes. Yes! YES!"
I slow down. I look up at the clock, it's 12:40 AM. No shit, with all the talking we have gone far longer than I expected. Did they call me to help distract me and give me the energy I needed?"
Mom is next to speak, she uses a soft and tender voice, "Brian, finish your wife and then finish Simon. Penny is doing better, but she needs some comforting. I think your wife will be in a happiness coma for a week with the fucking you gave her. We will meet you out on the porch, a helicopter will clear the snow for you and Simon."
I hear a helicopter coming in already. I need to conserve my energy for my fight. Fuck it. I start plowing Kim hard. She starts to cry.
Kim tearfully says, "Brian, stop. Go kill that punk."
My anger is back, "You think I would ever leave my true love high and dry after the fucking I've given you. No way. These people are watching. Let them see my passion and fury. I do this not for them, but for you my love."
I am done talking. A bolt of energy has shot through me, surging with the love I have for Kim. I am up to my fastest speed in an instant. It wasn't even a decision, my body responded on its own. The thought of what those men have done to my family, and the disrespect given to DeeDee, a grieving widow, is too much. I am a blur as I fuck Kim. I swear my cock grew thicker and Kim screamed in response.
I am fucking her like a madman with no regard for our life and well-being. A smart man would have stopped and saved his energy. My brain is in a daze, it has a single focus, and it is fucking Kim as hard and as fast as humanly possible. Kim is red down past her chest, she is grasping hard for a breath, the sweat is falling off our bodies in large drops of moisture. Mary had braided Kim's hair -- it hasn't moved.
Kim is grunting with each thrust and can't speak. In fact, she doesn't even see me right now. Her eyes are glazed over and somehow, she has a smile on her face. This feels oh so good. Kim is in a beautiful place, I am bathed in our love for each other. Quickly, I feel that dreaded but enjoyable feeling creeping through my body. I both love and fear the feeling as it means the end of our coupling but the start of the best feeling in the world.
As if on command, as I think of the bliss I will feel, I shoot my load deep into my wife, my sister, the love of my life. Her entire body shakes with the long-held thrust as cum spurts forth into her womb, painting everything that is near in my baby batter.
Kim's body responds in kind with an orgasm. There is a short scream followed by her body stiffening and dropping an anvil on my cock. Her body constricts my cock. The clamping increased the pressure of my next rope of cum, and because of the tight squeeze, it shoots out like a flamethrower, shooting my spunk in a heavy forceful stream into my wife. Oh, does that feel spectacular. I grunt loudly with each spurt.
I pull on the ropes, releasing Kim from her bindings. She is too weak to move. I also am too weak to move her. I have used up all my energy. I am in trouble. All the video feeds go dead but one, my family in the bunker. Penny is front and center on the screen. Her beautiful face has been replaced with bruises. Gone is the beautiful pale skin. In its place are bloodshot eyes, black and blue blotches on her cheeks, eyes, and chin. The blood has been removed, but the cuts are still evident around her mouth and on her cheek.
With a broken voice from crying, she says in a sad and soft voice, "They took their turns with me. Each one of them took each of my holes at least three times. My hands were bound, I could not stop them from taking my body which I reserved for you. I'm sorry I allowed them to taint my body."
She falls to the floor crying. Can you imagine the effect that had on me? Instead of being worn out, I am surging with hate and anger. I wrap Kim in two blankets and walk briskly to my house. Standing in the floodlights is a large area devoid of the light snow that has recently fallen, is a man that I now hate more than anything in this world.
I drop Kim into my father's gentle and protective arms. Penny won't look at me, she is too ashamed of herself. I will fix that later. I march boldly into the clearing and take off my coat. I still have a small knife from earlier. Simon has a large, sturdy hunting knife. One way or another, he will die here tonight. I know there are four snipers trained on him.
All the hand to hand combat, I learned back in basic training is running through my mind. My instructor said one day it would save my life. Let's see if she was right. After almost three hours, the fight ends in a brief flash. Simon may have been a good thief, but his fighting skills suck.
Simon lunges at me. I sidestep his attack and step forward driving my knife into his torso. He fell to the side with a look of astonishment on his face. He is dead and knows it. However, he wants to take me with him. He rears back with his knife, I can't stop him, I am a dead man as well. BANG! A large part of his chest now has a hole in it. I look over my shoulder, and Kim's rifle is zeroed in on Simon, there is a big smile on her face. What a great shot. The fight is now officially over. I walk tiredly back to my family. There is no joy other than to know it is over. Four men come running in from the forest from four different directions
I hear a helicopter coming in. They know it's over. I watch from the porch as the helicopter lands, my team salutes me, they pick up the dead body, and everyone (men, dogs, dead body), jump in the helicopter.
Chapter 33 -- Aftermath
We all walk into the video conference room. Two calls are made.
I am first to speak, "I'm tired and going to bed. It's been a hell of a day. I want to congratulate Greg on his promotion, I know you will do great. I'll offer you the same privileges that George had. A week of hunting with Barry and me along with a week of horseback riding with a cabin for you and a woman if you ever find one again."
Greg shot back, "Do the amenities include DeeDee?"
I blush, but before I can shoot him down, DeeDee says, "They most certainly do Greg. In fact, I could teach you a thing or two. Like George, your negotiating skills could use some work."
Damn, she put him in his place.
I continue, "All's fine here. The garbage was picked up. I'll address the rest tomorrow. I need sleep so unless you have anything else, I will talk to you in a week. I'm going to sleep that long."
Before I go, I stop mom, "They had me confused. I thought this was our doing." I show all the letters.
Mom smiles at me, "I did. That was all my work."
I am positive I gave her one hell of a confused look.
Mom hugs me and then says, "For a week we had all been working on this, including the two men. It would be like when you were kids -- our own version of a scavenger hunt. We had been making treats, and I had a candy bar set aside for you. We thought I'd be a fun game to play. I thought you would really enjoy it. Then, they took our work, set us up, and used it for their own thing tonight. They knew they were no match for you. However, they wanted the respect of having killed you on film."
Dad continues, "Mom had the game all set up for tonight, and that's when the men came and took us away. At first, we thought it was part of the game, but quickly we realized what they wanted. I heard Phil say that he got the other man. Nobody got away."
Everyone said goodbye, and I am on my way up to bed. Kim does not come into my room, she just stops at the door.
Kim has a huge smile on her face, "Like you, I need sleep. Someone needs you far more than I do tonight. See you in the morning."
Mary came in and gave me a hug before she too left. DeeDee came in, and I get a big hug from her as well.
DeeDee is nervous, "Do you mind if I spend time with Greg? He was always nice to me."
I try to sound wise, "I can think of only a few men his equal. However, my advice is the same to you as to all women in my life, follow your heart, and you will never go wrong. If you like Greg, go for it. Do what makes you happy. You know George would want that for you. He always wanted you to be happy. I feel the same way."
A shy and sad looking Penny walks into the room.
DeeDee responds to Penny's entrance, "I'm done here. I need my sleep. I hope Greg will show up soon. Good night you two." She gave Penny a kiss on the cheek as she left. "Brian honey, you have a wonderful collection of people here. It's going to be hard saying goodbye."
DeeDee leaves my room. Mom, dad, Roscoe, and Connie all stop by to say good night. Penny has slipped off her gown, exposing her bruised body. She then slips into bed. She smiles at the comfort of the sheets and comforter. Nothing but the best.
Penny is sheepish as she turns to look at me as I am stripping for her. She smiles. I take my time.
Penny asks, "Are Mary and I still welcome here and in your life or have we forever broken that link?"
I stop undressing and grin as I explain, "I don't blame you for wanting a man of your own full time. It never changed the fact that I love you. I was understanding and loved you both enough to let you go and try to find greater happiness. I'll save you the lecture and only say that I think you both failed. I still love both of you, and even though it won't make Kim happy, of course, I will take you both back. You're always welcome to my love."
My door burst open, and a crying Mary lunges at me and holds my body. I embrace her, knowing that makes everything better with her. Kim is at the door smiling at me for performing my type of first-aid. Both she and Penny show me their cell phones. They are both working because of our WIFI.
I try to sound stern and even as I say it, I know I failed, "To make this up to us, Kim will need her pussy eaten at least twice a day for a while. Even more, may be necessary. I want to see a permanent smile on her face."
Kim drags Mary away, "You can start tomorrow. I already have a big grin on my face. Penny, no matter what happened or what they did to you, we will never stop loving you."
Penny turns beet red, then timidly explains, "They never touched me sexually." There is a collective gasp. "They weren't thugs, they were normal educated men, well, other than they were thieves. Besides, I think they liked each other more than us. I said those things to save Brian. I heard what he did to you, and I know that drained you of your energy. An hour of screwing you I bet is wonderful, but it takes a lot out of Brian.
"Simon had him right where he wanted him. He was weak, slow, and was a dead man. I had to motivate Brian. I know anger gives him strength, so, I lied. I would do it again to save the man I love. I know you two would have done the same thing. You both feel the way I feel."
Mary and Kim leave with a big knowing smile on their face. They do know how she feels, they both feel the same thing. Penny reaches out for me, although she seems tentative like she might hurt me. I finish stripping out of my clothes and slowly slide into bed. I am facing Penny, and we are both exhausted. She rolls over and pushes back into me. My hand wraps around her body and cups a breast. Penny purrs like a cat in response to my actions. Runt growls at the sound which causes Penny to giggle lightly. Within moments, we are both asleep.
+++++
I wake up on my back, Penny straddling my body, and Kim above me pinning my hands. With me now awake, Penny is kissing and caressing my body. Based on the style and enthusiasm, Mary is blowing me. I am far too close already, I bet I have been like this for a while. My next thought is joy as my cum shoots like a cannon, filling Mary's mouth. I hear her gagging and Kim laughing at her. I give Mary six good ropes of cum. She absolutely loves eating cum. I listen to lips smacking which signals Mary has finished.
Both Kim and Mary get up off the bed.
Kim is happy this morning and uses her sing-song rhyming voice to say, "Breakfast is in an hour. I expect you to take a shower."
Mary picks up the story, "You two stay in bed. No need to give any head."
Mom is now in the doorway with a huge smile, "I expect you to fuck Penny. This is sure to be the first of many."
I am no poet, but I am inspired, "Please, leave me to my lesson. Penny needs a nice long session."
DeeDee gathers the cooks, "This is a nice day. Let's leave them to play."
I hear giggling and laughing as they walk down the hallway. Penny rolls on to her back, bringing me with her, so I am on my hands and knees. She puts her finger vertically across my lip.
Penny is soft in her delivery, "Enough talking. He was a good-looking man but not anything close to you. He never loved me, and nobody ever will love me like you do. Mary knows this to be true as well. I always thought you liked me. I never appreciated how you do truly love me, good and bad." She said the 'and bad' as Nakita. "I understand everything now. DeeDee will leave for Greg. You love the memory of her husband more than you do her. Let her go. Greg is a good man and will take great care of her.
"What I need now is to feel loved. I've felt affection from you, but I never realized it was love. I do love you. I want that from you. They gave us an hour, you've got forty-five minutes to make love to me. I am not going down there smelling of sex and sweat."
My orders are clear, they make sense, I understand fully. I execute the orders as described to me. I am being dominant and show my manliness. I bend down and make Penny scream as I nibble on her pussy lips. Ok, it is a back and forth of nibbling gently and licking her lips. My hands are feeling her breasts for soreness. If she shudders, I will know I hit a soft spot. I find none or she is so engrossed by my oral actions that she doesn't flinch at my touches.
As I move gently around on her lips, I am lightly smashing nipples between thumb and forefinger. Every squeeze of both nipples causes a small jolt in her body. I know from experience these are small orgasms. She loves when I do this to her. My tongue slides up and down the outside lips, teasing her to a quick orgasm this time. Since it was so fast, I owe her more. She will have none of that.
She hooks her hands in my armpits in an attempt to lift me. Obviously, that won't work; however, I humor her, and I give in. She wants what Kim gets. Today, she finally gets it all, my love and affection. I enter Penny boldly but not a quick lance that could rip something. I am firmly in charge, she surrenders her body to me. I can do anything I want right now. I love this woman as well.
I select a slower pace than Penny is used to. I chose just slower than Kim's pace. Like this, she should feel the veins of my cock run along her velvety smooth pussy walls. I love this pace as I can feel her pussy trying to smother my cock. Her sheath tries to keep my cock inside and swallows me up quickly as I return.
Her body is so perfect. She has broad shoulders that support her massive and surprisingly perky breasts. It then tapers down to her narrow waist before flaring a little for her tiny bubble butt. Her body has changed since knowing me. She has put on a few pounds since we eat much better than she did at the castle. That has done nothing to hurt her beauty. If anything, it has improved it. She doesn't look like a skinny teen anymore. She tends to wear ponytails more because she knows I like the look.
In and out, I am like a car engine, running along at a perfect and consistent speed. The ideal time to screw up the rhythm. I sway to the right for a few strokes and then come back to the middle for several strokes of my cock. I swing to the left and then go back to the center. I get a few moans from my antics.
Now that I think about it, Penny is very calmly taking this in. No talking, shouting, or deep breathing. She is remarkably calm. The most significant difference is the huge smile on her face. This isn't like anything else. For the first time, I think she feels loved and is happy with her life.
For thirty-five minutes I pound her body with my meat stick. Randomly I move side to side or away to change the angles. Penny for her part uses her hands to trace my chest and muscles. Taking time to outline each wound and scar. She is learning every detail of my body.
At thirty-five minutes, I slowly start picking up speed. My hair is wet and matted to my body. My deodorant has failed, and I am starting to breath harder. Penny is still picture perfect, enjoying her time. I can feel the beginning of the end. Unlike last night, I want to prolong this, and I will fight hard to last longer. However, I also need this to end, so I speed up. Significantly.
Penny's eyes pop open, "I was on the verge of sleep. It was so peaceful and relaxing. I have never been in a better place. This was so special, thank you. I love you."
I am taking in her slender body. My hands are now on her hips. Not to hold her in place, no, they are helping me pull in and out of her body quicker. I am not using force, she has enough bruises for a while. This is all about the need for more speed. Faster.
She has the look of serenity on her face while I am the beast. I am sweaty, hairy, smelly, and muscular. Somehow, this is something she likes. I will never understand women. Maybe I am just a good cock to her. Whatever, she is happy, and I am thrilled to be enjoying this so much.
The end is near. I am grunting and concentrating on a valve in the off position. The inevitable finally happens. I feel my body coiling up as the ejaculation is moments away. Finally! It springs forth, and a rope of my white colored cum is shot into Penny's core. Penny moans as the feeling of cum is shot into her womb. I use another hard thrust to shoot the second rope into her body. Another hard-thrust shoots yet another string of cum into her now trembling body.
Before I get off another rope, Penny screams like a banshee forcing me to pause at her haunting scream. I know it's one of happiness, but it seems to be from her soul. She is asleep now on the bed. I shoot rope numbers three through seven into her body, without her knowledge. I fall to the side, exhausted. I pull the comforter over us so we can snuggle closely and I hold her tight. It's just a few minutes before she is awake. Penny is an all-new woman now. She is grinning at me big time, she has energy and is ready for a shower.
She rolls off the bed on the opposite side and then pulls at my arms to leave the bed. I swear she dragged me into the shower. There, I am scalded with hot water until I turn it down. The hot water feels great on my fatigued body. I have been through a lot in the last twenty-four hours. Penny massages every part of my body and uses a body wash, so I am presentable.
She dresses me in a flannel shirt and a pair of jeans. Everyone else is already sitting down for breakfast. There is a mountain of food on the table, and everyone looks hungry. Now that I am here, DeeDee has an announcement.
DeeDee is using a commanding voice, "Everyone is to stay inside today. Greg is on his way and is bringing a crew to clean up the mess. It's very likely that I'll leave with him. I've cherished my time here. You have helped me heal and see the light so that I can move on. You may not be aware, but I selected George over Greg previously. It was a good decision and one I'll never regret. This is just beginning a new phase of my life."
Mom is next, "Now that it looks like we're back to our wonderful basic family "unit," we're going to need someone to help care for the children. Kim is pregnant again, and we need to start thinking forward, to schooling."
Did I hear that right, Kim is pregnant again? My smile grows at least twice the standard size. I'm going to be a daddy again. How cool. Kim has a look of satisfaction on her face. I notice that Penny and Mary also have a look of contemplation on their faces. Here we go again. It's a good thing I'm sitting down.
The End.