Chapter 1
Here I was, in my cubicle. Staring at the small digital clock sitting comfortably next to my work desktop, willing the minutes into faster motion with my mind. It was nearly 12:53 a.m. and while the 4 cups of coffee I had drank earlier had done miracles to alleviate my drowsiness it had done nothing to downplay the amount of stress and anxiety that I had accumulated during my double shift tonight. Just 7 more minutes of agony then your home free for the weekend, I mentally remind myself, begrudgingly tapping away at the keyboard in front of me on the sales report that my slave driver of a boss needed by tonight. What I wouldn't give to get back at her, I thought as the clock beeped 1 a.m. and I typed a closing summary of the month's sales as neatly as my caffeinated brain could must before clicking the send button and getting up from my desk to finally leave.
It was already 1:14 a.m. by the time that I made it to the train station and the bulk of my fellow passengers were fellow over worked, underappreciated, office working stiffs. I briefly attempt to make small talk with an older man from the crowd but I quickly decide against this as I see this man, as well as pretty much everyone else is this crowd were so burnt out by their respective overtime that any response I could potentially insight would be overly irritable, or possibly even hostile. With my cell phone just barely hanging on at 6% battery I can't even convincingly fake that I have text messages to send. Seeing it as a minor reprieve from my current situation I allow my mind to wander somewhat shamefully to the potential erotic manga I could read before bed this evening. Unfortunately, this stream of consciousness is stopped short by the voice of reason in my head begrudgingly reminding me of the morning shift that I promised Paul from 3 cubicles down the row that I would cover for him while he took a personal day, for the 4th time this month. My dread of tomorrow's shift is thankfully pushed clear to the back of my mind as the brakes of my evening commuter train come to a screeching halt in front of me, with the automatic opening of the doors prompting me and my fellow office working infantry to board the train.
As I board the train I notice one of the strangest sights, a girl in a private high school's uniform sitting in a solitary seat at the very back of the tram car. I scan the tram car quickly and surmise that I'm the only one in the that noticed this mystery girl in the dark corner of the train. Thinking that if I can't have fun once I get home I can at least toy around with this girl during my ride home. Once I arrive at her seat I realize that this girl is quite the catch, at least by my standards; pale white skin with dark brunette that reaches down to about the middle of her back, neatly pressed white summer uniform top with a navy blue knee length skirt, black knee high stockings. Although she was sitting down I could estimate that she was only about 5'1 but weighed around 190 lbs, all of which was pretty evenly distributed giving her about D-cup breasts, a noticeably chubby belly, a cute round face framed perfectly with round lensed glasses, and a not too shabby ass. I briefly mused to myself that if my fellow office drones hadn't been over worked they still probably wouldn't have given this cute vanilla treat second glance, more for me I thought before asking the girl in as disarming of a voice as I could muster, "May I sit here, young lady?", to which she responded with a quick glance and a nod.
Trying to find any small weakness I could use to make the first move I ask her, "What's a girl as young as you doing riding a train this late at night?"
She looks back at me, a look of shock on her face gives away a hint that she really didn't want these issues pressed upon. She stammers out a response in a shrill voice, "I...I'm coming home for the w...weekend, f...father told me to...to...to take the train." She finishes, looking beside herself in sadness.
Placing my left hand on her right shoulder causes her to jump a little bit in her seat before I tell her, "There's no need to be nervous, I'm just asking because there are plenty of bad men out in the world that would take advantage of a young girl like yourself." as I slide across the seat, closing the distance between me and her as I move my right hand to along her left leg's stocking, I lean my lips closer to her ear and add, "like myself," in a whisper, which makes her eyes shoot open in horror as she realizes her situation fully.
After hearing this, she attempts to struggle free from the seat and my grip but after one strong arm pull I effectively drag her back own to the seat before bending the truth by telling her, "You really think you're safe on this train, those other salarymen towards the front of the train are just waiting on pins and needles to get their turn with your cute ass." Just as I anticipated, she cast her fearful gaze to the front of the tram car before pleading to me, "No p-please, j-just don't involve a-anyone else in this." As her muscles seemed to relax in resignation.
"Then quiet down a bear with only having one stressed out office worker having some fun with you." I say with a menacing grin before guiding her back first onto the lightly cushioned train seat beneath us. Taking only a few moments to revel in this accomplishment I guide my hands almost instinctively to the female student's breasts, unbuttoning her shirt slowly but purposefully until the only thing separating me from her D-cup boobs was a white cotton bra with a small red ribbon sewn into the middle between the cups. Wanting to savor the scared look on her face for just a few more moments, I forgoe removing the bra and instead start groping her chest through it. This elicits the interesting reaction of making the girl softly moan as my dark hands feverishly explore her creamy white mounds.
Feeling vindictive, I taunt her by asking, "Could it be that the prim and proper private school girl is getting turned on from getting felt up by a guy she just met?" Hearing this, the girl's cheeks flushed a bright shade of red before she stuttered out an unconvincing defense for herself, "T-that's n-n-not it at all."
Getting even more excited by this turn of events I couldn't help but tease her by saying, "Well then, maybe I should get more aggressive." As I hook my thumbs underneath the bottom edge of her bra and lift, revealing the school girl's chest, perky brown nipples and all. This amusingly made her arms struggle to cover herself up, which I almost instinctively stop by pinning her wrists above her head with my left hand.
With her fully at my mercy I finally decide to relieve my own pent up stress from all this underappreciated overtime I've been doing all weekend. Reaching my unoccupied right hand down to my pants zipper I slowly open the window that had been barely hiding my 7 inches of black manhood for the entirety of this train ride. Upon noticing that my length was no longer being hidden in my pants my captive school girl began to squirm wildly underneath of me with fearfully renewed vigor. Looking like she was on the verge of tears she asks in a shrill voice, "Are you g-going to rape m-me?" Feeling just an ounce of pity for her, I reply, "No, there are plenty of other ways this sexy plump body of yours can pleasure me." Then before she could ask me to elaborate further I wordlessly slide my erection between her cleavage while positioning my thighs on both sides of her breasts to put more pressure on my dick before thrusting my hips between her soft, chubby D-cups. After about 10 seconds of thrusting by myself I mention in a somewhat out-of-breath grunt, "If you licked the tip a bit I'd probably finish sooner." Which once she got over the initial shock of the request she gave a small nod before tentatively poking her tongue from her cute mouth before licking the underside of my tip.
At first, her tongue movements were slow and reluctant, but after a few 20 seconds or so passed I noticed her facial features softened considerably from the scowl she held earlier and her tongue began pleasurably speeding up. Once this happened I couldn't help but taught her a little more by saying, "for someone who was deathly afraid of being raped a few moments ago, you seem to be wholeheartedly enjoying licking my dick. Could it be that you were wearing your sexy school uniform on a late-night train hoping this would happen?"
Taking a few seconds to stop pleasuring answer the question with a hint of a blush on her chubby cheeks, "I-it's not that I'm e-enjoying this. I j-just want to get this over with."
Putting on an act like I was disappointed by her answer, I say, "Ah, and here I thought I had found myself a genuine pervert to relieve stress with. What a ... SHAME!" I exclaim the last word as I suddenly reach behind myself and plunge my right hands middle and ring finger into her pussy, eliciting a shrill surprised gasp. To my surprise, she was already considerably drenched. Turning my gaze back to her I couldn't hide my grin as I asked her condescendingly, "What happened down here? I thought you weren't looking to hook up on this train?"
"T-that's not w-what you think it isss!" she attempts to stammer out an excuse before I decide to tease her further by pushing my right hand's pointer and middle finger into her pussy through her panties, causing her voice to hike up. I quickly check the rest of the tram car to make sure no one heard her outburst before checking my watch and noticing that my stop was coming up in 5 minutes.
Initially feeling annoyed at having to rush my playtime an idea comes to mind as I straddle the girl's midsection. Without speaking, I suddenly turn myself around on top of her so that we were now in a 69 like position with my hard dick still nestled between her breasts but now my face had an up close and personal view of the girl's drenched panties. Before she had time to question or protest this repositioning my tongue had already pushed the schoolgirl's panties to the side and was already working on lapping away at her wet pink slit, eliciting a variety of youthful moans. Feeling like she shouldn't be the only one to enjoy herself I began grinding my dick against her ample breasts with renewed vigor as I worked my tongue against her inexperienced pussy.
After only about as a minute of this position I heard the girl's voice pipe up in exhausted protest, "S-s-sir! Please, no more. I f-feel like somethings coming out s-soon." Paying her no mind as I could feel my own limits fast approaching I continued lapping away at her wet opening like a parched dog who hadn't seen water in days. "N-no . . . Stop! It's coming!!" she screamed out as I almost simultaneously came between her breasts as she squirted a bit on my face.
Feeling drained from this physical activity right after working a 13 hour shift I just sort of slide of her now barely clothed body, knocking a school ID card and a learner's permit that confirmed her 18th birthday had passed last month out her bag in my slow descent to the ground. Feeling curious about item, I reach out to pick both of them up and see the girl's name printed in plain English next to her photo on both of them, 'Karen Stelling'. Stelling, Stelling ... I thought to myself where had I heard that name before. As I handed the ID back to her the horror of exactly who she was and who she was related to dawned on. HOLY SHIT! I mentally panicked hard, She's the daughter of my slave driver of a boss, Suzanne Stelling! as I my metal image of the young girl in front of me completely shifts. A quick glance at my watch tells me that my stop is coming up in just a minute, in that time I frantically put back on my pants, help Karen redress, and shove four $20 bills into her hand from my wallet. "Please, whatever you do. Do NOT mention any of this to your mother!" I plead as the automatic doors open and before she even has a chance to respond I'm already running from the train car.