Disclaimer: all characters can be assumed as being over 18 years old. This story is part fiction, part self-reflection. I hope you enjoy it!
I'd love to hear feedback. It drives me to write more. Please email me at my profile.
Thank you for all the lovely comments so far. I apologize for the shorter lengths of my chapters. I'm just a slow typer and very impatient. Not the best combination unfortunately. I have written 12 chapters so far though.
***
Chapter 4: The Promise
"Josh, are we sure about this?"
I had a very concerned look on my face. I was totally naked of course.
Josh was in my room. My parents were out. He had all my panties in a pile in front of him. The scissors in his hand looked menacing.
"Babe. I want us committed in this. Don't you want to do this for me?"
He gave me a look that made my heart skip a beat.
I groaned and nodded.
In a matter of seconds, all my panties lay in tatters.
And then like an animal, he pinned me on the floor, holding each hand apart.
He kicked my legs open and started grinding his jeans clad bulge into my spread pussy. The rough denim sent jolts throughout my body.
He growled in my ear.
I don't know who this Josh was but I couldn't deny I was incredibly turned on.
"I can't believe I have such a gorgeous girlfriend with a perfect body. I want to see it naked anytime I want. When we fuck, I want nothing on you, absolutely nothing. I want to show you off. I don't care who sees. I want your tits, pussy and ass bare. Always. I want to be able to touch you, fuck you, see you anywhere and everywhere. Promise me you won't cover it up baby. Promise me."
I was so flustered I replied with a meek "I promise."
Even till today, I'm not sure if Josh said "I don't care who sees" , or if he said "I want everybody to see". That was forgone argument anyway. I was in a daze from his talk.
I heard the familiar sound of his zipper unzipping followed by his thick cock pushing into my pussy. I moaned as he pushed all the way in. He started kissing my neck as he started thrusting. I loved this part.
Chapter 5: School shenanigans
I had to admit it felt really weird not wearing panties anymore. It seemed to make my pussy even more sensitive and I found myself aroused more often than not. Josh was thrilled by the new development.
He would find every reason to take me alone somewhere in school and push me against a wall. He would groan as his hand snaked into my pants, only to be met by my naked pussy flesh. My going commando seemed to turn him on like nothing else.
He would make out with me intensely while his fingers violated my clit and lips with no concern. I would moan into his mouth as his fingers pushed into me.
I learned very quickly I could no longer wear light colored pants because of the wet spots from my pussy. I had to restrict myself to jeans and dresses. And dresses meant I had to be very careful with how I sat. But I did it because I cared deeply for Josh.
I had to leave all the new outfits Josh bought me with him or my Catholic parents would've killed me. This was, of course, something that Josh and his horny teenage brain took full advantage of.
Everyday after school we'd go to where his truck was parked and make out outside the driver side door. During this, he would slowly take all my clothes off until I was butt naked. Then, he would go sit in his truck and hand me the outfit of the day through the driver window. I would scramble to put it on, still standing outside. He found my rush to get dressed very amusing.
Because of our after school activities, it was fortunately always deserted in the school. But the fear never lessened.
It always struck me as a little unfair that I was always the only one naked and risking everything. But it gave Josh so much erotic pleasure that I told myself to suck it up.
In the beginning, this whole clothes debacle occurred behind the school at the end of the lot.
But I noticed overtime that the truck was being parked closer and closer to the school. I pleaded with Josh that it was too risky but his boner always took over his judgement.
Eventually, he was parked right next to the school, less than 100 yards away.
Often times, he'd strip me and start kissing my neck from behind. He'd then turn me around and give the side of the school a full frontal view of me. He'd hold my hands behind me, kick my legs wide open and play me like an instrument.
If anyone in that side of the building chose to look outside, they would have had a perfect view of my nude teenage body, getting my excited pussy fingered by my boyfriend behind me.
To this day, I still don't know if anyone at school had ever seen me in the parking lot. If they had, there were certainly no rumors spread about it.
Chapter 6: Parking lot rodeo
I was lucky my bedroom was on the ground floor. I was able to jump out of my window easily.
It was 11 pm on a Friday night. My parents were in bed. Josh told me to sneak out exactly at that time and he'd pick me up. I had no idea what he'd planned. I was almost dreading it but damn if I wasn't horny.
I scurried out in my pajamas. I didn't bother changing. I knew I'd have to wear what he brought anyway.
I was relieved to see Josh parked under a street light next to my neighbor's house. The passenger door was locked, he rolled down his window as I walked to his side.
"Hey babe! Hurry, get naked."
"I can't Josh! My neighbors will see."
"No they won't. Just do it quickly."
I knew by now that I had no choice in the matter. I disrobed. He took my clothes, rolled up his window and lowered the passenger window instead. I let out an exasperated sigh and ran to the other side. He tossed the skirt and tank top at me. I hurried to put them on. My bare ass was facing my parents' bedroom window. I can never forget that detail.
And of course he'd parked under the street light. I was lit up like a Christmas tree.
I got dressed in my slutty outfit and got in the truck. My annoyance at Josh melted away as he pulled me in for a deep kiss. I was left breathless once the kiss broke and he started driving.
He refused to tell me where we were going. He did however, pull my breasts out from my top and make me sit with my legs wide open. The micro mini skirt rode up completely and became a glorified fabric belt around my waist.
While driving, he made sure to never leave my exposed pussy unattended with his right hand. I was positively gushing. Thank goodness he had leather seats.
Every time there was oncoming traffic I would instinctively cover up my breasts. This annoyed Josh greatly. He eventually had me sitting on my hands. I was humiliated as car after car probably got a glimpse of my teenage breasts, all while my sensitive pussy was being fingered.
We eventually pulled into the rear parking lot of the abandoned bowling alley. This place was in the middle of nowhere. It was pitch black.
"Josh what are we doing here?" I inquired.
"Something I've been fantasizing about for weeks. You'll help me make it real, won't you?"
There he went the puppy dog eyes again. I nodded.
"You're the best, babe. Sit tight while I prepare."
Josh gave me another deep kiss and rubbed my clit reassuringly.
I watched him walk out to the front of the truck. He had a large bag with him. It was so dark I couldn't even see him properly. He appeared to be laying out a box of some kind.
After a few minutes, he was back in the truck. He had an excited smile and I swooned a little. He was so handsome when he smiled.
He pulled my face close to his and kissed me again. He gently brushed my hair away from my left ear and whispered what he wanted me to do.
My eyes grew wide with nervousness as I listened to his instructions. I swallowed hard, my throat had gone dry. He put my hand on his crotch. Even through the thick jeans, I could tell he was rock hard. He wanted this badly. I was not going to disappoint him.
I walked gingerly towards where he'd been earlier. My eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness. My bare feet prickled from tiny rocks on the paved lot.
I reached a picnic blanket. There was a small plastic box on it that came up to my knees. On the box was a flesh colored dildo stuck on using its suction cup base.
I swallowed hard again. I'd never used a sex toy before. Fortunately, it was similar in size to Josh's 7.5 inches. Maybe a tad larger.
I touched it with my hand. Josh had been sweet enough to lube it up for me. I had to do this for him.
I put either foot on each side of the box. The dildo pointed threateningly towards my pussy.
I looked ahead and could see Josh's truck. I couldn't see him though. I took a deep breath and slowly started lowering myself down.
Josh's truck revved suddenly. His high beams came on. I jumped and was momentarily blinded. This was the other part of Josh's plan. I was frozen. I became acutely aware of how exposed I really was.
What was I doing? I was butt naked, standing above a slicked up dildo, and there was a goddamn spotlight on me in a public parking lot. Did all girls do this for their boyfriends?
I was snapped out my mental crisis when Josh flashed his lights. I took a deep breath.
I resumed my position and lowered myself slowly. I gasped as I felt the toy enter my pussy.
The lights flashed again. It was a reminder.
I placed my hands behind my head, remembering Josh's instructions. I clenched my teeth and kept lowering myself until I felt the balls of the fake dildo press against my pussy lips.
What a sight I must have been. Naked, hands behind my head, with my pussy bottomed out on a thick dildo.
"Make sure you go from the tip to the very bottom on every single stroke..." Josh's authoritative voice echoed in my head.
I whimpered as I raised myself only to lower myself again. The dildo was slightly bigger than Josh and I could feel it straining inside me, stretching me.
Pain and pleasure was radiating outwards from my pussy as I started riding the dildo. I had my eyes shut because of the headlights blinding me.
After a few minutes, I heard the truck door opening. I peered through my eyelids and saw Josh leaning against the front of his truck, getting a closer look at my self-imposed debauchery. I heard a flash and whirring sound. He was taking pictures on his Polaroid camera.
I wanted to object but I noticed he was fully naked and stroking with his free hand. My pussy gushed a little when I saw him. My lust gave way to reason.
I was thankful for the extra lubrication because that's when the urgent whispers started.
"Faster."
"Harder."
"Spread your legs wider."
"Pull on your nipples."
"Ride it faster!"
"Harder please baby. Slam it down hard!"
I was now fucking myself with the dildo at a frantic pace. And I was still taking it tip to base on every stroke. My poor pussy was struggling to keep up. The pain was building, but so was the pleasure. My pussy was too recent a virgin to handle this onslaught.
"Faster babe please, fuck yourself silly." Josh growled with pure lust in his voice. I could hear him take more pictures.
"I can't go faster!" I cried out into the night sky. I practically screamed it.
It was true. I was in good shape from cheerleading but my thighs were on fire.
"Ok babe, I'll help you out."
Before I could comprehend what he meant, I felt his ragged breath on the back of my neck and his strong hands around my waist. I felt him pull me all the way up, leaving just the dildo's cockhead in my gasping pussy.
Then, without warning he slammed me down with all his might.
I screamed bloody murder. I started seeing stars.
"That's it babe. Scream and fight through this. Please, let me do this to you. I need to do this. Let me show off what you can do."
His voice quivered like this was all too much for him. He raised me by my hips and slammed me down again, eliciting more shrieks that ran through the still air.
This carried on for 10 more minutes before I physically escaped him and fell onto the blanket.
I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life in that moment. I was practically convulsing. I was letting out moans that made me sound possessed.
A few minutes passed and I was still twitching. I heard the camera go off again. I looked up to see Josh standing over me, shaking the recently created photograph. There was a long string of precum hanging from his hard cock.
"I love you," he said so sincerely that I welled up.
And just like that all was forgiven. I almost forgot the throbbing pain in my pussy and thighs. I regretted none of it.
We were both drenched in sweat. I felt him get on top of me. I should have been exhausted but three simple words had revitalized me. I spread my legs to give him a better angle of attack.
His cock entered my pussy like a hot knife through butter. I must've been gaping but Josh moaned like I was the tightest pussy in the world.
He fucked me for an hour that night with multiple orgasms for both of us. I will never forget it.
Feedback welcomed at my profile.