The girls froze in their place, trembling from fear. I immediately covered my still dripping penis with my two hands. For a moment, there was a complete dreadful silence.
That was one of the nuns! She stood at the entrance and shouted:
"I saw everything! Get out of here! All of you! You will all go to Father Edward tonight. Go out!"
She stood by the entrance, her back leaning against the door. As she saw that the girls were stuck in their place, she started to call them, one by one.
"Lisa, run out!"
When Lisa passed by her, the nun spanked her ass with all her power. Lisa let out an "ouch" and quickly ran outside.
"Sidney, run out!"
Again, a powerful whap on the girl's buttocks and Sidney screamed and run to join her friend.
"Maggie, run out!"
The same ritual.
She went on, one by one, calling each by name and slapping their bottom when they passed by her.
The two last ones were Barbara and Betty. I wondered how long she had followed the session that she left these specific girls to the end.
She called Barbara first. When the big girl wanted to pass by her teacher like the other girls, the nun shouted at her: "Stop! Stand up!"
She held the girl with the left hand, and with her right hand bashed her big and round ass so strongly that the girl almost fell.
"Ouch!"
"Don't go!"
Another stroke crashed on the beautiful ass. The redness was visible through the bathing suit. I had so much pity on the poor girl, but I must admit this turned me on again, after being completely off watching what happened to the girls.
"Owza!"
Another.
"Yeowch!"
"Go away! Join your friends."
Betty was the last one. Seeing what happened to Barbara, all her body was shaking. She knew why she was left the last.
"Miss Betty," the teacher roared in her voice, "come here and bring the paddle you hit the gentleman with!"
"Ah... There is no paddle."
"I saw what you did." The nun moved inside the men's section of the cabin where I and Betty stood, she almost fainting and I still covering my genitals with my hands. "Here it is, give it to me."
"But... Sister Victoria..." Betty started to say.
"No but, give it to me!"
Betty picked the brush she dropped on the floor and gave it reluctantly to the nun.
"Take off your swimming suit," ordered the nun.
"Sister... The man..." said Betty, blushing like a rose flower.
"You saw the man naked, now he can see you."
I swallowed my tongue. This was the last thing I expected from a nun.
"I cannot," insisted the poor girl.
"If you don't do it now, you'll do it tonight at Father Edward room. What do you prefer?"
"Well, Father Edward corporal punishment is to spank the girl naked," I thought to myself. "Interesting priest. What else does he do with his girl students?"
The girl bent her head and whispered: "Here..."
"Come on!" said the nun, and I noticed a change in her voice. It sounded more passionate than aggressive.
Betty turned her back to me and began to roll up the straps of her bathing suit.
"Quicker," said the nun, much less shouting, helping her to take down the bra until her tits came out.
"Good girl, continue!"
The girl took down the garment until her loins, exposing her entire back. Though she was with her back to me, she covered her tits with her hands. She had a beautiful figure and fair skin. It was a lovely sight. My dick, still covered by my hands, started to react.
"Take off everything!" said the nun.
Betty hesitated, then the nun pulled down the pants, completely exposing the girl's bottom.
I held my breath. Such a lovely small ass...
"Take it off, completely," the teacher said.
The girl grabbed the pants with both hands, pulled it down, and pulled both of her legs out of it. Then she straightened up and covered her breasts with one hand and her privates with the other.
"Turn around," Ordered the nun.
Betty didn't move.
The nun held the brush that Betty gave her before and applied a short but very strong stroke on the girl's butt. A red spot sprung on the beautiful ass.
"Yow!" A sharp scream split the air.
I bit my lips. I knew how this was painful. The teacher must have been stronger than her student, and the poor girl was much more sensitive than me. I felt a deep sympathy for the girl, yet I couldn't tear my eyes away from the captivating sight.
"Turn around please, Betty," the teacher said softly, this time.
The poor girl didn't have a choice. She knew what she could expect if she still refused.
She turned around slowly, still trying to cover her privates with her hands. She was blushing like a tomato.
As I glanced at the nun, it dawned on me for the first time just how stunningly beautiful she was. Despite her attire of a long dress with a high collar and a covered head, her face shone with a delicate radiance. Though not young, perhaps in her early forties, she possessed an ethereal quality that made her resemble a sacred virgin. Soon I would learn something about her holiness, and I would also not be sure about her virginity...
I noticed that she, too, blushed, almost mirroring the color of her student's cheeks. It became increasingly apparent to me that the situation I found myself in had little to do with education. There must have been another agenda in play.
The nun held Betty's hand that covered her breasts and gently moved it away. Then she did the same with the other hand.
Betty looked helpless, but she knew she could not resist.
This was one of the loveliest bodies I saw in my life. Her tits where not big, but they were full and firm. Her long nipples protruded forward. Her belly was flat and smooth with a bellybutton that looked like a rose. She had very little pubic hair with a sweet slot beneath.
"Good girl," said the nun, "after what you did to this gentleman, he deserves watching your beautiful body".
I scanned the body up and down, and I noticed that the nun did exactly the same. Her eyes, that were narrow and tough until now, became wide and sensual.
My dick hardened and grew more, and there was no point to try hiding it. The nun alternated her eyes between the girl's body and mine.
Betty started to deal with the situation. She stared at my erection that refused to be covered. Her nipples seemed to get even longer.
"OK," I thought to myself, "if we arrived to this point, let's stop the shyness game." I removed my hands and let my fully grown cock jump forward.
I heard a short "oh," not sure if it came from the nun, Betty, or both.
"I think the gentleman likes you very much, dear Betty," said the nun.
Betty smiled; above all she had the hope that the paddle would not land on her buttocks again.
The nun had other plans. She handed the paddle to me.
"Gentleman," this nasty girl hurt you so much, now it's your turn."
Betty started to shake again.
"She didn't hurt me," I lied.
"I saw everything," she said. "If you don't do it, I will do it."
"No, please," I said, "it was just a game."
"Please don't, Sister Victoria," begged the trembling girl.
"You deserve as many strokes as you granted the gentleman," said the nun, "but because you were nice to him, you will get only one. Turn around!"
The girl hesitated.
"Or you will be at Father Edward's room tonight."
The girl turned.
"Put your hands on the wall!"
She did.
The nun swung her hand holding the paddle and landed a huge blow on the girl's lovely ass.
Betty started to cry.
"Go now, and if you tell any of your friends what happened here, you will meet Father Edward."
The girl left soaked with tears. I was left alone with the nun, she with full nun's clothes, I am naked, with a fully erected shaft.
How do you want the story to continue? Send me a private message if you want me to know.