Jacking & Jilling - A Sister's Lust


Chapter 1

The sun was August hot, beating down on the thick, dried earth he was stripping dead weeds from. He stood shirtless, firm and strong, in the backyard, toiling away. Sweat poured down his torso from the top of his head, and the faintest of breezes cooled him from his forehead to his waist. Pausing, he took a long pull from the flask of ice water on the stool beside where he had just laid the clippers down. It was a good, honest tired he felt, but something more besides.
Every movement of his jeans against his waist, and the thick denim over his crotch, reminded him of Betsy, who had loved to pull his pants off him with a covetous, sassy grin the only warning, down his trim buttocks, past his thighs. She had initiated him into sex on his eighteenth birthday, over a year ago, treating him to his first blowjob, then his first lay days later, and he remembered the sensation, his cock now reacting to the ghostly recall of her lips and tongue, teasing the length of his rigid shaft for long minutes, until she stopped teasing and sucked his cock with gusto, letting him spatter cum on her face and tongue. He'd eaten her pussy several times, and he knew he loved it as much as she did.
And now she was gone.
I wish you were here, Betsy. I wish you were naked and riding me, wish I could cum inside you again right now...It felt so real in his mind, but in reality there was just the rubbing of his jeans on his restive cock as he moved, bent, pulled, stood and tossed...
Billy glanced furtively down his stomach, saw the crotch of his jeans swollen, tented, his thick erection almost battering against his zipper, ready to burst forth. It was uncomfortably tight, and he felt the familiar yearning for Betsy's pussy or mouth around it. He looked around, feeling guilty even for checking, even before he touched himself, almost wanting someone to catch him.
The Taylors were out of town until Monday, their house empty of all energy, cool and silent as the sun bore down. The eight-foot tall fence surrounding the yard meant no passersby could see what he wanted to do. The second-story windows of the house next door were dark and empty, and he knew no-one was home there, either, until later this afternoon. No-one to watch him, catch him doing what he needed right now...
Fuck it.
Panting softly in desire, feeling guilt and anticipation that was almost as tantalizing as the climax he was intent upon, Billy undid his belt, opened his jeans, and pulled them down to his thighs. His hard-on throbbed, thick in his palm as his fingers encircled it, stirring as he started to rub and caress the rigid flesh. He cradled his hard-on, standing and leaning in the half-weeded yard, and planted his left hand against the trunk of the tree for balance, feeling his right hand take over and move of its own accord. He moaned at the first shiver of pleasure up and down his body. It felt good.
********
She was home early, more than two hours. The diner where she worked her summer job had been hit by a power outage, not unusual this time of year. The house was already getting hot and stuffy, as the outage had hit here, too. Hungry, she went to the cupboard and grabbed a small handful of crackers and a couple of tablespoons of peanut butter on a plate. No point in opening the refrigerator, much less the freezer, while everything was dark and letting the cold leak out into the warming room.
Her afternoon snack finished quickly, chased by some still cool tap water, Sally headed upstairs to change out of her hostess' uniform. A cool shower would revive her, and she could wait downstairs in the living room after, staying as cool as possible. She wished there were going to be hot water; she was also horny as hell, and the cool water streaming through the pipes wasn't likely to be enough to get herself off. Maybe afterwards, she could lie naked on her bed, use her dildo, touch herself in time to the memory of the last time Trevor had touched her, licked her, fucked her...
Her bedroom overlooked the backyard, gauzy yellow curtains spread, brilliant summer sunlight streaming in. The room wasn't quite stifling, and she paused a moment, feeling the heat and stillness, wishing she was about to be naked for more fun and intimate reasons. She pulled her uniform off slowly, dragging the coarse linen over her body, gasping at the feel of the fabric sliding over her skin. She brushed her fingertips, as if by accident, over her erect nipples, cooing with pleasure at the sensation, then reached tentatively down to her panties, slipping her middle finger under the waistband to graze against the curly blonde pubes, eager for any touch, even if it was for now only hers.
She slipped her bra and panties off and admired herself, albeit a little critically, in front of the full-length mirror on her closet door. She was twenty-four, to her eyes a little too wide at her hips, with full and perky breasts, a flat tummy and well-rounded buttocks. She was well-tanned, with the telltale patches of pale skin where she wore a two-piece when sunning herself.
Her hazel eyes were, she'd been told, one of her most interesting features, green in some light, blue other times, and men loved the way she genuinely laughed at their jokes, and how her eyes closed halfway when she neared an orgasm. Her golden hair was shoulder-length and full, bouncy as she pulled the bobby pins away, letting it down from its accustomed work bun. Sally's nails, hand and foot, were a bright, inviting scarlet, slightly glittery, calledRavish Me! Redif her memory was correct.
Sally knew intellectually 'C' was the average cup size, but she'd felt unimpressive in the showers with the other women in high school, whose tits she was certain were further along in the alphabet than hers. The memory of a late afternoon romp with another boyfriend after hours in the women's showers at the college made her heart skip a beat.You are such a very randy little girl!, Trevor had told her more than once with genuine wonder and appreciation. She laughed quietly, feeling her inner heat rise with the remembered compliment, and all that had come afterwards, then reached for her bush, watching her reflection stroking and parting the soft, curly pubes and exposing the pink slit beneath.
A shower can wait, she decided firmly. She opened her closet and stretched up to grab a vase from the top shelf, extracted her vibrator from within the fake flower arrangement. Sally was sure her mother had never found it, even suspected its existence the past few years, and she felt a sensual thrill at the feel of the slender, soft rod.
Leaving the closet door open to remind herself to put the device away when she was finished violating herself, Sally stepped over to the windowsill. Their house was at a cul-de-sac, nothing behind it but the forested park, and she was certain no-one would see her. She gripped the windowsill with one hand and leaned forward, let the sun warm her body all over. Even through the glass, the rays on her skin felt wonderful. She lifted the dildo and turned it to a medium setting. For the next two hours or so, the house was all hers, and she saw no point in rushing to her solo climax.
Sally glanced out the window, let her eyes lazily scan their yard, then she noticed motion in the corner of her eye, and she looked over to the yard next door. She gasped in surprise at the vision before her. He opened his jeans, then stripped them down to his knees, displaying the magnificent protrusion she'd always known he, like all boys, had but she had never seen, never considered even trying to see.
From his thighs upward, he was as naked as she was. His tanned and fit body was handsome and breathtaking to behold, most of his body bronzed by the same rays she was reveling in. Like her, he apparently always kept his swimsuit on when swimming; his buttocks were a pale cottontail, and she found the view intoxicating, alluring. His hair, like hers, was blonde, though much shorter, almost a crew cut, and she her eyes fixed on him as she saw him take his cock in his right hand and start to masturbate. She watched each shift of his muscles, his firm buttocks, thick, strong arms, as he slowly began to rub his aroused hard-on next to the neighbors' tree.
Her heart skipped a beat, and she was transfixed.I shouldn't watch.And yet she couldn't look away, evade the decent view of his wholly indecent and sexy act. Her left middle finger played gently with her clit, and she used her other fingers to claim the moisture leaking between her labia, coating and warming it. A thrill traveled up her spine and across her body as she watched him and massaged herself intimately.
Part of her was still resisting, struggling in vain for her to stop.This is wrong! I shouldn't be watching him... Especially nothim...That meek argument was beaten down mercilessly by the sight below her. It had been months since Trevor had gone home, back to Jolly Old England, as he often called it, and she felt his absence keenly, desperate now for the touch of a man by her side or on top of her, humping her or licking her until she felt the glorious gift of an orgasm, given by another...
Her eyes fixated upon Billy's hand, rubbing the hardened dick nestled in it, gradually speeding up, seeking the release she'd last felt two weeks ago at her own touch and help of her vibrator, not a gift but self-help, she knew. His girlfriend Betsy had moved out of town in early June, and Sally assumed his need for release was as great as her own, wondered how often he got himself off in their shared shower and bathroom. Now she let her eyes travel up and down his nearly naked form, exploring her hole by feel, reveling in the moist, thick warmth.
She couldn't hear him, but saw his mouth widen as his breathing and lone hand sped up. Unable to bear further delay, Sally spread her slick labia and slid the buzzing vibrator inside her, felt her slickness coat the tool as it moved in and out in time to Billy's jacking off below in the adjacent yard. Introductions complete, she trailed her left hand up her belly to her full tits, caressing each one in turn, gasping as her erect nipples rubbed back against her palms. She moaned once, shockingly loud, but Billy didn't turn, didn't look up.
Oh,fuckthis is wrong watching him playing with himself and seeing him cum and I can't help it God it's so dirty and sinful and I want to see it and watch him cum a big creamy load out...It didn't stop her, and she imagined what it would feel like to have that hard-on, that forbiddencock, making its way between her wet and hungry labia and into her, fucking her on the bed or in the shower or outside, on her back, straddling his thick member or maybe on all fours, fucking her doggy-style.
Her pussy was almost dripping, and she heard the wet squelch of her toy inside her. She imagined she felt a rivulet of her juices slink maddeningly slowly down the inside of her thigh, and it drove her wild with want, with covetous need.I wish you could come upstairs and fuck me, Billy,right now,she whispered to herself, sick with need and very filled with wicked longing.
********
Billy's breathing was ragged, still inaudible over the sound of the faint breeze playing through the leaves over his head, cooling and crystallizing the sweat still pouring down his body. Stopping for a moment, he wet his hand with his tongue, and resumed jacking off. His mind replayed the last time with Betsy at the end of May, their last hurrah, as it were, sticking his cock inside her moist twat and humping her hard and fast in the back of her father's SUV.
He had pumped her full of cum to the accompaniment of her shrill cries, and he'd pulled out, his moans and hers filling the spacious backseat. Betsy had turned around immediately and leaned him back, taking him inside her mouth and sucking the last of his semen down, keeping the thick fluid from getting on the leather seats. That loving task complete, she'd lain back naked against him, letting him caress her breasts as they relaxed.
"I'll be back for Christmas, Billy. Can't wait to see you, feel you on me, in me..." Her giggle was bittersweet. "Unless you fall for someone else in the meantime."
"Only you, Betsy, only you..." She'd snuggled back into him, and he heard more than saw her smile in the darkness.
It was two months later without her touch or lips or pussy on his cock, and Billy was close to unleashing his load onto the weeds the neighbors had hired him to clear. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back, imagining Betsy's mouth on his hard-on, moist and willing and agile, and he was jacking faster and faster, almost there...
********
Sally moaned louder, the shock of seeing Billy's first spurt of cum leap forth nearly a foot from his swollen purple glans, followed quickly by three or four others. He was leaning forward, careful not to get any in his shorts or jeans. She saw his mouth open silently, his head back, rubbing load after load out of his dick and onto the plants at his feet.
He started slowing down, wringing the last of his load out of his dick, but Sally wasn't nearly done, and as soon as he finished, she sprang to her bed, still unmade from the morning. Lying back, she twisted the knob to its highest setting, lifting her legs in the air, drove the vibrator into her neglected pussy, quickly, almost brutally. In moments, she screamed in ecstasy, letting her lust overtake her, waves of sensation radiating outward from her clit to the rest of her body, making the tips of her toes and fingers pulsate in time to her heartbeat.
Spent, she dropped her legs back down onto the bed, thighs still parted, the dildo working in and out, almost by reflex, as she panted in repose.Fuck me, but that was so hot...She missed Trevor even more now, wished for his touch, and contented herself with her hand and dildo for a little longer.
After a couple of minutes lying in the cooling puddle of pussy juices, she levered herself off the bed, padded into the Jack & Jill bathroom to rinse her dildo, then put it away before staggering to the shower, turning it to cool, soaking for several minutes as the quivering of her body subsided. Her thoughts turned to watching Billy by the tree.I'm such a fucking pervert, she thought under the cool stream, panting from the tepid water and the memory of watching him jacking off privately.
********
The power came back on moments after she had donned clean underwear, a t-shirt dedicated to Hello Kitty, pink shorts and ankle socks. Heading downstairs, she felt the renewed flow of cool air from the air conditioning, and sighed.
Her mother came in the front door a couple of minutes later. "You're home early, Sally." It wasn't quite an accusation, nor was it a question, but she felt compelled to explain.The power of Mom compels you, the power of Mom compels you...Sally fought back an impudent grin, and answered the implied interrogation.
"Power went out at the diner. After about thirty minutes they sent us home after putting away all the food and getting the last customer's out. The generator will make sure everything keeps until morning, except the salad. Probably closed for the night, but I'll call and check in, in a few minutes."
Her mother cocked her head to one side, considering, then nodded once. "No, you're probably right. Did you open the fridge?"
"No, ma'am, kept it closed."
Her mother looked satisfied with that answer, and turned and opened her mouth to speak towards the couch, but its lone occupant spoke first.
"Me neither, Mom. Grabbed a Slim Jim from the pantry. Two of them." Sally followed her mother's gaze, watched Billy, lounging on the couch in sweaty clothes--and underwear, she guessed--munching lazily on the second meaty treat.
Sally blushed, and coughed to cover it. "You okay, Sally?" Her mother sounded concerned, put a hand on her shoulder.
"Yeah, Mom, just a cough, no big worry. I'm going to lie down, okay?"
"You just got down here!"
"I know, but I'm pretty tired, actually. I was going to sleep on the couch 'til you came home, but the air's back on, so it'll be cool in my room now."
Mom and Billy waved to her as she headed back upstairs and closed her door quickly, not quite slamming it in her embarrassment.He doesn't know I watched...obviously. So fucking wrong for me to watch my own brother jacking off, then get myself off watching!She sighed, and sat on the edge of her bed, smelling her musk in the air, rising from the small pond of her still fragrant pussy juices.Got to change these sheets!
Instead of stripping the bed, she slipped her shorts off, touching her twat through the once more slightly damp panties. She felt ashamed and aroused, and squeezed her crotch, palmed it and put pressure on her labia and bush, clasping her sensitive crotch rhythmically. Lying back, Sally replayed in her mind's eye what she'd seen Billy doing little over an hour ago, recalling his thick cock, the slow way he had rubbed it, before speeding up, ejaculating all over the weeds and ground.
So much cum... He must be as horny as I am...
She slipped her fingers underneath the waistband, felt the delicate hairs of her bush, only a shade or two darker than the blonde tresses on her scalp. They were downy soft, and shifted as her fingers played over the soft, curly hairs.
Fuck but I'm a dirty little girl, so fucking dirty... Fuck, Billy, fuck! You got me so horny, it's your fault I'm playing with my pussy, wishing you were here to watch...Against her better judgment, and will, she closed her eyes, imagined him on top of her, naked and thrusting that hefty rod inside her, the feel of it nestled inside her hole, moving in and out, the sensation of his body against hers, his chest against her tits, his hips rubbing against the inside of her thighs as he pounded her relentlessly...
Throwing caution to the wind, she sat up and pulled off her shirt, then her panties, then lay back in the center of her bed. Her juices from earlier were mostly dried, the remainder cold and clammy, and the thought of adding to the remaining dampness gave her an indecent thrill. The musky scent of her earlier orgasm wound her up further. With a force of will, she replaced Billy with her memories of Trevor, doing exactly the same things.
Raising her legs into the air, pressing her knees against her breasts, Sally felt along the backs of her thighs, then the rest of her body, thrilling to her own touch, expelling a single faint sigh into the air. She had already employed her dildo earlier, and now she wanted to feel the warm, thick juices on her fingers, taste them for herself and thought again about Billy getting himself off, knowing that she would cum just as hard, harder even, with only her fingers now.
She fondled her breasts and tummy and flanks, while slowly fingering her pussy with first one, then two fingers, glorying in her touch all along her body, her mouth screaming silently so no-one else would know she was playing. It took half an hour and three climaxes to bring herself back from a rolling boil to a slow simmer. Her legs drifted back down to the mattress, and she finally slowed down, imagining Trevor's cock as he was about to pull out, but her treacherous mind turned it into Billy withdrawing his...
Her door opened without warning, Billy peering around it. She swore silently at herself for forgetting to lock it, especially today, especially now. "Hey, Sis, Mom said dinner's going to be ready in about fif..." His voice trailed off, replaced by slow panting, then he whispered, "Fuck Sis! I'm sorry, I didn't know you weren't...decent." His eyes were wide as full moons, drinking in her beauty as she turned and sat on the edge of the bed.
Sally stood slowly, gracefully, without being aware of a decision to, proudly showing every inch of herself to him. She felt wicked and seductive, and felt his eyes trace over her naked shoulders, the swell of her breasts, her flat tummy, and the blonde pubes, barely concealing the wet, pink gash she had just pulled her fingers out of.If only you were Trevor...His gaze was hungry and admiring, and he licked his lips as his gaze dawdled along her skin. "Sorry, Big Sis..."
He closed the door after lingering on the vista a little longer, and she heard him call down the stairs with an almost imperceptible quaver to his words. "Mom, Sally's changing for dinner, she'll be down in a few minutes." She heard her mom's voice rise in assent. Sally grabbed fresh underwear and clothes and put them on rapidly, before going downstairs.
********
Dinner was normal, quiet, as her mother Dottie inquired with maternal interest about what her children had been up to all day. Sally left her multiple masturbations out of the discussion, and Billy said nothing about jacking off in the Taylors' backyard. Otherwise their days had been uneventful, boring, and the three of them finished off the casserole and worked together to rinse the dishes before stacking them in the dishwasher and starting it.
********
The next day, Thursday, Mom left early in the morning for her own work, and Sally called the diner, confirming they were fine, power was back and she had the day off, and Friday as well. Sally sat on the couch, deep in thought.Is Billy going to do that again? Jack off? Outside? I know he has one or two days left to finish up their backyard, then what?
Sally had slept fitfully the previous night, visions of her brother masturbating interrupting her dreams, but only because she was interrupted in them by Trevor entering her room, watching her with interest as she stood naked, fingering her twat. His clothes were suddenly on the floor, and they were on her bed with no transition, his thick cock splitting her labia, delving inside her, and she felt his cum explode in her belly before opening her eyes to see her brother instead, and he asked if she'd like to watch Trevor jacking off in the backyard. She'd said,no, stay inside me, Billy...
The dream repeated itself, tormenting her three times that night. Too tired to fetch her dildo, or finger herself again, Sally drifted off to sleep each time less well rested than before. Waking now, all she wanted was to see her brother stroke himself again, watch his cum spatter the tree and the weeds and the ground, and she knew she would get herself off again to that forbidden tableau.
She pursed her lips in exasperation. She couldn't ever tell him she had seen him play with his cock in their neighbors' yard. At the same time, a saucy part of her wanted him to know, to think about it every time he got himself off. She imagined telling him,Billy, that was so hot! Can I watch again?
That, of course, would only make it worse.
She settled back on the couch and turned on the TV, watching a couple of hours of daytime television, banal and witless, and engaging her attention not at all while she tried to think of anything else. Anything other than the sight of Billy's cock launching gobs of cum onto her breasts or in her mouth, even, just maybe, inside her own pussy.
Frustrated at the erotic visions and her inability to shut them off, she flounced upstairs to her room, fired up her desktop computer, and started in on a fresh batch of cover letters and applications, wanting nothing more at that moment to finally find her new job. It would improve her finances, and make the memory of her brother's orgasm fade into the depths of her mind when she moved out for what she hoped would be the last time.
A couple of times an hour she looked outside, seeing him pull weeds and rake and bag the long-dead corpses of old shrubbery and leaves into lawn bags. Throughout, he stayed on task, still shirtless but without flogging his dong out in the open air.
The last time she peered out, he was out of sight, then she heard the front door open and close, followed by rapid footfalls on the stairs as he went up to their shared bathroom for a shower and to change his clothes. She caught a glimpse of him dashing down the hall, still dressed, his t-shirt in a wad in his left hand, and then into his room.
Sally had twelve e-mails out today, all to companies in a ten-mile radius of the house, close to a record for her in one day. Truth to tell, she had focused as much as possible on not thinking of Billy out in the adjacent yard, glistening with sweat, fondling his cock and balls, cumming again...
Shaking her head fiercely, she stood to go downstairs, grab a snack. It was just after three, and she knew Billy was close to finishing the yardwork, probably be done tomorrow afternoon at the latest. She found her feet turning right, headed towards his room, instead of to the left and downstairs to the kitchen. A few feet closer, and she noticed his door was ajar, not completely closed. A flash of skin by the door, and she knew he was naked. Sally stiffened, conflicted, then crept closer to his door, heard the water start in the shared bathroom.
What should I do?The obvious answer was the wrong one, and the wrong answer was obvious. Even so, she moved slowly, parting the door a couple of inches further, slipped inside his room and over to the bathroom. The fan was on, and the window open to suck out any steam the fan didn't. She knelt stock still by the door, not quite daring to move it aside so she could step in and join him under the steamy waters...
It was a pointless fantasy, she knew. Billy would never let his older sister see him naked if he could avoid it, and she felt the weight of sin on her shoulders for even thinking, much less desiring, such a thing.Plus, it could turn up on TV, Scandal in a Nearby Town or something, talking about the horny older sister and her innocent younger brother, both adults, driven to explore each other's bodies...
The fuck is wrong with me? That's mybrother, not some random guy waiting to turn me over on the bed and fuck me all night.A couple of minutes later, she heard the shower curtain again, the water still going. Her heart almost stopped when she saw him step in front of the sink, gazing into the mirror, naked and covered with suds, his hands spreading the lather all over his body. His dick was hard like yesterday, and he quickly wiped the steam from the glass. Soaping his balls and cock, Billy started playing with his dick again, looking in his reflection as he played.
She heard his hands moving through the lather, a thick, creamy sound that had her knees weak and her pussy moist. From behind and to the side of him, she saw the reflection of his hard-on, watched as his left hand cradled and played with his soapy testicles, thick lather dropping in spots on the thick bathmat in front of the sink.
Sally barely breathed, pretending this show was all for her, all for his Big Sis, that maybe he knew she was spying on him. Still stroking his cock, his left hand reached behind and soaped his ass, and she heard his first quiet moan, the tempo of his stroking remaining the same for now. His middle finger crept between his cheeks, and she started when he stuck it inside his anus, moving it slowly in and out as he started stroking himself faster. A low gasp sounded as his middle finger crept inside.
Billy spread his feet and bent over the sink, pushing his lone digit up inside his ass, fucking it slowly, and now she moaned almost silently.What would he do with a dildo? How hard would he cum if his ass was getting fucked for real?She could never ask, of course, but she wished she weren't wearing pants, or panties, or any clothes at all, wanted to stride in and watch, or take over...
The speed and firmness of his masturbation picked up, his top knuckle still ducking in and out of his butthole, and she heard his moans become audible, stronger.He's going to cum soon...Instead of dread, she felt eager anticipation, hungered to see the stream of cum leap out and into the sink...
"Oh, fuck..." His words were quiet, mostly obscured by the whirring fan and steady pattering water from the shower, damped by the thick steam. He panted loudly, bent forward over the sink. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, aahhhh...!" His buttocks clenched rhythmically when his voice rose, and she saw streams of sticky cum shoot forward intotheirsink, the one she shared with him along with the bathroom, and she imagined being in front of him, her fingers coaxing his load forth as he stood there, shaking with his orgasm, each spurt hitting her on her belly or her thighs, even her tits if she knelt...
...Or my mouth.That thought was criminal, and almost irresistible.
She pushed herself backwards silently, not nudging the door in the slightest, scrambling back into the carpeted hallway. The shower curtain parted again, and she knew Billy was rinsing himself off, all the cum and soap swirling down the drain, washing away all signs of his sinful exercise.
Turning onto all fours, she crawled to his bedroom door. Outside in the hall, she stood, pulled his door nearly shut and rushed to the staircase, and down into the kitchen for anything to restore her strength and get her mind back on anything else. Anything at all.
********
Friday was her last day off before the weekend, when tourists would surge into town and the little diner would be busy. Her sleep had been miserable or, more correctly, not restful. Sally took a cool shower, trying not to think about her brother. She hadn't fingered herself the previous night, fighting to control or at least attenuate her unwelcome desires, cool the wicked thoughts that had played and replayed in her mind and heart all night.
Her dreams were a repeat of Wednesday night's, but Trevor was wholly absent. Billy would be standing outside in their yard, fully naked, cock erect and pointing upward, clearing brush, not touching himself, but slick with sweat, and Sally would be naked on a balcony they didn't have, gazing down on him. Each time, he would turn towards her and look up, smiling. Suddenly he was there beside her in her room, both of them on the floor, limbs entangled, kissing and caressing each other. His cock slipped inside her and started pounding her, theslap-slap-slapof their joining making her hotter and wetter.
Then he stood and pulled out, standing before her. She was on her knees, took her brother's thick, hard cock in her mouth, and started to suck. She awoke each time just before he came in her mouth, and it left her dazed and groggy, feeling vaguely cheated of the opportunity to swallow every drop of his cum.
Billy left the house a couple of hours after her mother, and a quick check of the yard next door showed her he had maybe part of a day's work left. She concentrated the best she could for two hours, then it was nearly noon. Food was very far from her mind, and her checks on Billy, now every fifteen or so minutes, gave no indication he was going to expose his cock and play with it again in the open air.
She remembered he was nearly done, and her window of opportunity was rapidly closing. She hated that she thought of it that way, hated worse how much she wanted him to penetrate her, violate every single hole on her body, but she needed to tell him, she'd seen him, and not to do it again...
********
She opened the side gate to the Taylors' yard quietly, slipped inside before it could creak, then closed it, making sure the latch held, quietly enough that Billy probably couldn't hear. Sidling along the wall, careful not to step on the few remaining leaves, Sally peered around the corner at her brother. He was naked from the waist up, as he had been Wednesday and Thursday, but now wearing shorts. A pang of lust wandered through her.This is sick and wrong!, she scolded herself.
She knew she wanted to catch him again, this time up close and personal.Then what? You going tofuckyour own brother?Self-loathing and disdain rose quickly from her churning stomach, and she told herself firmly that all she wanted to do was admit she'd seen him, although didn'twatchhim, intent upon his act, jacking off in the backyard. She would phrase it as a mild warning against the neighbors seeing him, catching him, before instructing him hehadto be careful, no-one wants to see that in public...
"Hey, Sally!" Billy rounded the corner and looked surprised, but not guilty at encountering her in the neighbors' yard. "What brings you over?"
Her composure fled almost entirely.What brings me over? I was hoping you'd be playing with your cock and I could watch again. You don't mind, do you?
Instead she managed a faint smile. "Billy...I have to admit something to you."
He cocked his head, one eyebrow rising up in an unspoken question.
"Look, you're my brother, Billy..."
"Anything else obvious you want to tell me, Big Sis?" He looked amused, as if she were fucking with him, but figuratively.
"I...I...uh...sawyou. Wednesday..."
"Well, we live in the same house, Sis."
"Not that...saw..." The sun was high overhead, but she knew it wasn't the heat that was making her perspire. Gulping air twice, she tried to look levelly at him, but discovered she couldn't, and stared off and down to the side, unable to hold his gaze.
"You okay, Sally?" Concern filled his eyes.Maybe he thinks I'm having a stroke!She thought that might be a relief, free her from speaking of this ever again.
"Y-yeah, I'm fine, Billy. Look," she started anew, "I saw you in this yard Wednesday afternoon. Jacking off when I came home. You shot your load right over there." She pointed at the patch next to the tree. "Saw you cum on the weeds."
Billy blinked, stammered for a moment, then, "I'm sorry, I didn't know you saw me, Sis..." He blushed at the thought. "I should have been more careful..."
Sally felt suddenly ashamed and shy, and wondered how much more she should tell him, but she couldn't keep this away from him now. "It's not that. I'm not offended. I didn't just see you. I...watched. It was so...I couldn't look away. When you came, I wanted to cum myself..."
He nodded. "Okay. Which is why you were on your bed 'napping'--his fingers described air quotes--"when I came to fetch you for dinner."
She felt her face burn crimson. "Y-yes. It's been six months since Trevor and I..."
He gave her a little grin, clearly relieved she understood what he was going through. "I know. A little over two months for Betsy and me. If she were here..."
Sally returned his grin, raised him one chuckle. "You wouldn't let her out of your bed for a month, right?"
"Right." He still seemed apprehensive, and she turned away again.
"Billy, there's more..."
He laughed quietly, seemingly eager not to break the stillness of the summer air. "More? Did you take pictures, post them on the internet?"
"N-no! No pictures, didn't even occur to me. That would have been wrong."
"And watching your brother jack offisn't? Playing with yourself afterwardsisn't?" He needled her, making a joke of it.
"I-in the bathroom yesterday. I was there while you were playing with your cock in front of the sink..."
His color deepened to deep embarrassment. "You watched me in our bathroom? Jacking off in our sink?"
"Yes. And Billy..."
"I rinsed it completely out, Sis. After my shower." She thought he might apologize. Maybe that would be the end of it, but couldn't stop herself.
"I figured you would." She paused, suddenly aware of the breeze around her, the hot sun and cooler wind that picked up, kept her standing there.I have to tell you something. I have to see you do it again...The thought horrified her, not because it was wrong, which it so definitely was.
It was because it was true, and she would give anything to convince him. Anything...
She felt like a nervous teenager again, in front of the first boy she'd let feel her up.His name was...Gary.Her throat went dry, and Billy stood placidly, waiting for his big sister to finish her thought, scold him for doing that where she could see him, but she wasn't about to scold him. Not for a minute.
"What I was going to say is seeing you in the bathroom...was sohot, hotter than catching you out here in their backyard. Billy, I wanted...I wanted to go in and help you finish. Jack you off in the sink or...or on me. I really liked seeing you cum..." It sounded lame to her ears.
His voice took on a deep awe. "Youlikedwatching me cum?"
"Yes. God, yes. I know it's not right, and I wanted to admit it to you."
"So, you're never going to watch me jack off again."
Sally closed her eyes.Say 'no' and promise him you'll never look again.She knew she was going to say that, but her tongue took over, betraying her completely. "No. I want to see you do it again and again. Maybe I want to be a part of it sometimes, help you get off, maybe have you sit back and watch me..."
"Christ, Sally, you're mysister..." Billy looked uncomfortable, which was no surprise, and aroused, which...also wasn't entirely a shock.
"I know, Billy, I know. Which means it's completely wrong and I should never do that, any of it, no matter how much I'm drawn to it." Her eyes drifted down to his jeans, and she nodded. "But...I noticed something just now."
"What?" His tone was defiant, a little too defiant.
"You got hard while we were talking about this. I know you're tempted too, Billy."
"Fuck, Sis. So should I go inside and relieve some pressure, jack off in the downstairs bathroom in private?"
Sally took a deep breath, not sure what she was going to say, until she did. "No, not in private. Take it out. Sh-show me your cock..."
Billy looked at her quizzically, then slowly opened his shorts, sliding them with his boxers down to his knees, just a little further than yesterday, then let go entirely, stepping out of them; his belt buckle gave a loudclangagainst the stepping stones. His dick was fully erect, pointing almost straight up, stretching to his navel.Fuck, he is so big.She'd seen and felt more than one cock before, plunging inside her on the way to wonderful orgasms.Why do I want this one so much? The one I can't have?
He didn't move, let her admire the length and girth of his rod. "Is that what you wanted to see, Big Sis?" His voice was even, and quiet, which she was thankful for.
Sally blushed again, eyes fixed on his throbbing manhood. "Yes. I mean...sorry, Billy."
"You telling Mom?" His voice was no longer defiant, but hushed, a shared secret.
"No..."Shit, he's so well hung, so hard. I wish I could...Surprised at her own sudden boldness, Sally stepped out of her sandals, then reached under her waistband and slipped her sweats down and off, stepping out of them. He stared, turning a brighter shade of red, then she took down her panties as well. Billy stared, stunned. Her eyes lit on the straining erection in front of her. "So, you're not telling Mom either. Right?"
Billy shook his head and swallowed. "No...right..." It came out as a croak, and she nodded, lifted her shirt over her shoulders and off, casting it onto the ground by his clothes. Her bra was back in her room, and she realized now why she'd left it behind. She turned, displaying her body to him again. The breeze left her shivering with anticipation.If only you weren't my brother, Billy, I'd fuck the rest of the day away with you right here...
She said it quietly. "Billy, I want you to jack off for me again. Please, Little Brother?"
"You're naked..." The surprise in his eyes gave way to wonder, and she practically felt his eyes outline her body, linger on her breasts, the erect nipples yearning for a pair of lips to suckle on them, get her more fully aroused and ready. Sally trembled, horny as ever, carefully avoiding moving closer or the impulse to reach for his erection.
"I am, Billy." She felt giddy and a little bit faint, anxiety and desire warring inside her. "Do you ever think of me naked?"
He swallowed again, nodded.
"How do I look, little bro?"
"If you weren't my sister..." The words were a little too quick to be false.
She gave him a faint little smile. "That's the problem, isn't it, Billy? Same way for me, too. If you weren't my brother I'd be all over you, doing...lots of things. We can't...just can't, but I need this from you. For now, I just need to see it, see you rub your cock..."
Billy was naked except for his shoes and socks, and her belly somersaulted in anticipation of his performance, wanting to see him from the front, obvious and appreciative of his efforts. He stepped into her and put his hands on her hips. His voice was quiet, insistent. "Tell me, Sis. What would you do if I weren'tme? Say, Trevor?"
She was suddenly aware of the thick, muscular rod against her belly, and let out shaky breath. "Billy, we're not going to...I mean..."
"I know, Sis. I just want to know what you think about when you imaginemenaked."
Sally bit her lower lip. "Billy, I shouldn't..."But you've come this far,added a voice in her head.
"You got naked first, sis." The logic was irrefutable.
"Yeah. Look, I'm not going todoany of this, right?"
Billy kissed her chastely on the lips and leaned back against the side of the house. "I know. I just want to hear it, and you don't have to do anything. Just talk. Alright?"
I'd fuck you so hard, Billy!She almost thought she said it. Her words were hoarse, quiet, meant for his ears alone. "First, I'd get your clothes and mine completely off, both of us buck naked, like now. We'd kiss and hold each other. Your cock would be hard, like it is now, and I'd reach for it, gently stroke it, and I'd put your hand on my bush, have you rub it, maybe start fingering my hole, get me nice and wet for you..."
His hand had moved to his hard-on, slowly fondling and stroking it, and his voice was hoarse with desire and restraint. "What would we do next, sis?"
Fuck, I should stop...!"Well, I'd either start jacking you off, let you cum all over me, on my tits and face and tummy..."
"Yes?" His strokes were firmer and his breath heavier.
"...Or...I'd kiss down your body..." The words were forbidden, the fantasy even more so. "I'd take your cock...in my mouth. Give you a nice slow blowjob, m-make you last a long time..." Her left hand was massaging her tits, and her right hand covered her bush, squeezing gently, and she gasped with the amorous details. "I'd blow you so well, Billy, take your whole shaft in my mouth, let you fuck my mouth slowly..."
A drop of thin pre-cum glistened at the tip of his glans, and she brushed it away with her right index finger. "I think I'd let you cum in my mouth, Billy." She lifted the drop to her mouth, swirled the tip of her tongue over her finger tip, tasting it. It tasted of cum and her own juices, and she fought the urge to drop down and start sucking him off right there.
He groaned a little, either from her words, or his fingers massaging his dick. "W-what if you wanted me inside you?"
A slow smile crept across her face. "So, you want to fuck your big sister, make her moan like any other woman? Fill her full of cum, maybe eat her cunt?"
He was panting, jacking harder and faster. "Yes... I'd...fuck you, Sis... So much, right now..." His last word was a desperate moan, and she knew he would if she let him in, and she was so close to doing just that, letting him take her right here...
She looked down again, saw his hand moving swiftly, teasing himself, getting himself to cum, show her his semen spurting out, on purpose this time. She whispered into his ear. "Just cum for me, Billy. I want to see you cum just for me..." Sally felt naughty, corrupt, and knew she didn't care, just wanted to watch him, fantasize about his cock inside her, pounding her, filling her up when he came...
Billy closed his eyes and laid his head against the wall of the house. "Fuck, Sis, I'm so close... I'm going to cum..."
"Just for me?"
He nodded deeply. "Just for you, Sis!" She stepped forward, pressed her tits on his chest and kissed him on the lips.
"Cum for me, Billy. Cum for me..." Her crooning whisper was urgent and demanding, and she knew he had no choice, no volition about it, any more at this point than she did.
Billy moaned once, a strangled sound that almost guaranteed no-one else would hear evidence of their forbidden tryst. The first hot squirt of cum, propelled by youth and eagerness, seasoned with the spice of outlaw sexual fever, shot upward impressively far, splashing between her tits, and she was overcome with lust and need. Grabbing his dick, she took over, stroking his hard-on firmly and only a little less frantically than he had been. She evoked several spurts from his rod, each one landing between them, all over their bellies and her hand.
Billy reached for her, grasping the back of her neck, pulling her mouth to his. They opened their mouths at the same moment, and his orgasmic moans filled her mouth, almost silent to the surrounding houses. She pressed her hips against his, panting.
Soon, they pulled their mouths back. She smiled coyly at him. "That's kind of what I wanted, little bro." Her body, hersoul, were trembling with desire, the aftershocks of their illicit play rebounding through every inch of her.
"Fuck, Sally..." His whispers were little hisses. "We shouldn't have done that..."
She was panting with the vicarious climax, kissed him again, gently. "Bullshit." The curse word was tender, loving. "We needed that. Both. So much."
His arms slipped around her, and he looked deep into her eyes. "I have to admit something to you, Sis."
"You liked a hand job from your older sister?"
"Yeah, I did, but I...watched you a couple of times too."
"Getting myself off?"
"No, you and Trevor. Last summer."
"We never did that here..."
He blushed. "No. Came across you and him parked at the Ridge. Betsy and I watched the two of you from the SUV, through binoculars. She didn't know it was you, but I did. She told me to watch you blow Trevor, and she sucked my cock while you did it. She let me cum in her mouth, and I shot my load at the same time your boyfriend did."
Sally chuckled. "So, little bro, you got off on watching me..."
"Hard not to."
She disengaged from his arms, kissing him on his cheek and giggling self-consciouly. "I don't feel so bad about watching you now. I don't feel bad about it much at all, actually." She retrieved her panties and used them to swab the cooling jizz off her belly, thighs and hand, then put her shirt and sweat pants back on, clutching the soiled, silken fabric in one hand, then stepped into her sandals
Billy grabbed her again, and she let him kiss her hard for several seconds before gently pulling his hands off her. "Thank you, Billy. Best morning I've had in a long time." She stroked his softening cock, resisted the urge to drop down and suck the last of his cum out, to thank him. "You better get dressed again, okay. I don't want anyone else to see my little brother naked in someone else's back yard. Okay?"
He nodded and started dressing as she departed and latched the gate firmly.
********
Billy finally came in around four, fully dressed. He grinned awkwardly at Sally then dashed upstairs to wash the sweat and cum, the latter her doing, off him. Their mother wouldn't be home for another half-hour, at least. She heard the shower start, and found herself getting off the couch and walking upstairs to the Jack & Jill again.
Sally was drawn inexorably towards the sound of the running water. Going in through her room, she debated what to do next.I shouldn't, I fucking shouldn't!That would be the angel on her shoulder, revealing her displaced toga from this afternoon, one breast negligently exposed, slit all the way up to her waist. That voice sounded wheedling, almost whimpering that she should begoodnow.
The other voice was equally insistent, but not whiny, urging her towards pleasure, towards satisfaction, something more than the vibrator and her own fingers could truly provide. The devil on her other shoulder was almost naked, wearing a red bikini and see-through negligee, along with a leering, knowing smile.You both want this or something like it, you need that touch, just to stay sane, stop from going sex mad...
It was too late, because she felt like she already was.
God, I am so wicked...She went to the door and tested it; he'd left it unlocked, very unusually since they both wanted privacy, didn't want either one to intrude. She heard the curtain rustle as her brother got in the tub and under the spray. Sally opened the latch as noiselessly as she could and closed it again before stripping out of her clothes for the second time that day.
Naked, she padded over to the shower and parted the curtain. "Billy, I still need a shower."
He jumped a little. "Christ, Sally, make some noise, okay?" His mood softened when he saw she was wearing as much as he was. "You...uh...want to join me, Sis?"
She nodded. Blushing, he opened the curtain wider, taking her hand to help her in. She grinned at the romantic gesture, and lifted one shapely leg over the rim of the tub, then the other, sliding the curtain closed behind her.
This wasn't just watching anymore, she knew. They very quickly washed up, stopping a couple of times to let their tongues dance and play in each other's mouths, their bodies pressed against each other, hot water running down their bodies. Billy was aroused again, and Sally had no intention of her mother catching them in the same shower, much less with her brother sporting an obvious hard-on.
Feeling dangerous and unrestrained, she nibbled on his earlobe, then whispered, "Thank you again for this afternoon, little brother. I think you know how horny I was."
"Me too. Obviously..." His eyes were fixed on hers, and it occurred to her that he was trying not to stare, trying not to look too closely at her body, and she was doing the same. Even so, he was hard and ready, the end of his cock brushing against her waist, her balls even with her groin. She was only an inch shorter than him, and knew how easy it would essay certain positions she'd tried with other men, and she wondered how many of them he and Betsy had tried themselves.
His gaze made it clear he was thinking similar thoughts, wishing they could throw caution out the window. She smiled shyly at him, then pointedly looked down at his erection. "You going to play with that as soon as I'm out of the shower?"
Billy blushed again. "I don't know. I thought...maybe...you could... You know, if youwantto, Sis."
Fuck, he wants it as bad as I do!Sally nodded, then snatched the soap from its tray and lathered his hard-on before either of them could back out. "Okay, but we'll have to be fast."
She rubbed his cock, taken in by the sheer lust of running her fingers and palms over it. It was thick and hard, and she had no trouble imagining it at the back of her throat, in her pussy or up her ass. It was different from earlier in the backyard, which had been frantic and unplanned, and her own lust was rising quickly as she played with him again.
"We have to be quiet, Billy, just in case Mom's early..." The thought of them being caught by their mother made her heart jump, very like the first time she'd had sex. It wasn't unpleasant at all.
Her fingers delicately settled around his manhood, and the feel of his swollen glans in her palms, firm and warm, nearly drove all prudence away.If he were Trevor, or I were Betsy, it would be inside me already...
Billy closed his mouth, holding back what had promised to be a loud moan, and nodded, holding it back reluctantly. Sally savored the feel of the taut, engorged flesh as she jacked her brother off, taking him to their first shared intimate play, wishing she could experience it elsewhere on or in her body. She caught herself about to kneel in the shower, ready to accept his load on her tits and face.I wonder if he ever took Betsy in her ass?The idea was thrilling, evil and very haunting.
Sally continued, and found herself automatically and seemingly naturally trading slow kisses between their open mouths. Billy's hands caressed her, cupped her breasts and felt her nipples, now tightened with desire.God, Billy, I want you to fuck me so hard now!She groaned as she felt the first quiver of his hard-on, seconds away from finishing their incestuous act.
Billy grabbed her, surrounding her body with his strong arms, crushing her body to his, soapy and soft, and he moaned into her ear. "Baby, I'm going to cum..."Not Sally, not Big Sis, butbaby, as if we're lovers already...She moaned when she felt the first tightening of his cock, heralding his load, his very personal cumshot for her and her alone.
His first spurt of semen landed on her belly, and it was so much more, so muchbetter, than this afternoon's tentative voyeuristic play, even when she'd finished him off. His hands now tightened on her butt cheeks, gripping them fiercely as spurt after spurt unloaded on and between them, coating their bellies and thighs, and both of her hands, with soap and semen.
They kissed and moaned for a couple more minutes as she coaxed more out of him. Finally, she stopped and rinsed her hands and tummy before she climbed out, droplets coursing down the length of her body. Sally leaned back in and gave Billy a peck on the cheek. "I'm going to dry off in my room, just in case."
"Okay, Sis. And thank you. Weird as it was, I really enjoyed it."
She had no sooner closed her door to the bathroom than she heard the front door open and close, her mother returning home for the weekend. She felt a forbidden quiver in her stomach as she realized exactly how forbidden what they had done was, and how close they had come to discovery and certain punishment. Her nipples were still tight with excitement when she finished dressing and headed to the dining room for the evening meal
They ate dinner as a family, conversation oddly subdued, or at least it might have seemed that way to their mother. After the dishes were done, Billy left around seven to visit with some friends, still light out, and Sally settled back onto the couch to watch television with her mother.