"How long has she been at it?"
Wiley Barnett stepped into the living room to see his brothers Owen and Tyson sprawled out on the sectional watching their new baby step sister Maria Blanco using her new dildo on the 80' TV screen in technicolor. She was screaming up a storm with her legs in the air and using both hands to ram her toy deep inside her pink little cunt. Zooming their camera in and out Owen chuckled, "Couldn't resist following her toy in and out. It's just like being there with her ain't it?"
"Two hours." Tyson laughed throwing a cushion at Owen to get him to stop toying with the camera angles, "This is what happens when we ignore her."
"Look at those stained bedsheets." Owen points to the TV at the massive wet stain between her legs. "We're gonna have to change those for her."
"Ain't that Highbone's job?" Wiley winced.
"Your's now! Highbone might throw out his back, bad 'nuff he changes those three times a day. That, or Maria might jump his old bones." Tyson grinned looking up at Wiley who stood leaning on the back of his seat like a vulture.
"Prolly why Highbone makes himself scarce here lately." Owen nods, "Can't blame him I reckon. Laundry has to suck...as if I've ever done my own laundry."
Tyson agreed following up with, "She's a trooper I'll give Baby Sister that. She ain't removed that coyote tail butt plug Wiley brought home since I put it in."
"Doesn't she poop?" Wiley laughed then winced at how he sounded.
"Gotta eat somethin' substantial for that." Tyson connects some dots. "The kid barely puts anything in her mouth that's not one of us Barnett's."
"Let Us salad?" Wiley snickered. "cuCUMber dressin'?"
"Might be she's worried about her Momma being gone so long." Owen points out.
Wiley poised a brow at the question. Last he knew Matthew his oldest brother had spoken to their Father Oscar. "Any word from Daddy yet?"
"Not in awhile. Matty spoke to him briefly." Tyson relays, "Hope Pop ain't doing anythin' stupid."
"Any dumber than what we're doing to Maria?" Owen scowls, "Not that I'm naggin' I love that pussy as much as all you boys. Daddy did tell us to train Baby Sister to like sex. I'm thinkin' we've done our part pretty damned good."
"Speakin' of...You all thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?" Wiley smirks darting his gaze from brother to brother.
"Tryin' not to."
"I say all three of us go up there and watch her play in person. Coach her along."
"She's gonna toss her toy and jump into our arms. I can hear her now as she jumpin' on her mattress...FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" He went all dramatic trying to mimic her soft sensual begging voice.
"Kid can't get enough of that ole' white devil." Tyson grinned, "We got her hooked."
"That's what Daddy wanted us to do weren't it?" Owen stared awaiting a reply.
"Line and stinker." Wiley chuckled, "Wanna take her tail out and fuck her up the ass?"
Owen acknowledged, "Matty said to wait awhile longer."
"Did that stop you from wet humpin' her before any of us Owen?" Tyson brought up laughing at the term Wet Hump.
"True! I just couldn't resist being her first."
"Second and third. Jacob fourth. Just leaves Matty to take Baby Sister for a ride."
"Another reason for us to wait. Let Matty tap her bottom."
"Where is ole' Matthew anyways? Office is all dark and locked up." Wiley looked back regardless that the office wasn't in direct sight.
"Still with the lady FBI Agent he works with. They got chummy the other night in Fortuna. Hope he don't get too attached and end up bringing trouble to Longhorn Manor."
"Yeah, we can't let Maria get close to any one person outside of us. Bad enough she's begging to go down to the stables again. Hell she wants to go there by herself. Kids getting brave."
"I say let her sew her oats. More she gets laid the more she wants it right?"
"We can tell the boys not to get too ballsy with her." Tyson offers his thoughts. "Clint will keep the critters in line."
"We goin' upstairs or..." Wiley looks at the TV and discovers Maria missing from her camera over her bed. "Ummm? Fellas?"
Owen quickly switches rooms to her bathroom, "Shit! Where'd she go?"
"Right here." They hear her sliding and squealing down the wood bannister. Once down she skips her way into the living room, hands behind her back as taught to make sure everyone got a view of her perky little tits bobbing about, nipples meaty and needy. Owen swiftly switches the TV to an old western to avoid her seeing her bed on the widescreen. She lost interest immediately. Wagging her dildo in the air she dances around the sectional to sit beside Tyson. Holding her wet toy up she shyly pouts at him, "I need new batteries."
"Damn! Those take D's don't they? I don't think we have any Sweetpea." Tyson unscrews the end to check them. "Yep! Big D's."
"What do I do now?" She questions with innocence.
"You can use it without the wiggle Maria." He leans toward her in his seat with a wink.
"I like to dance with Silly Cone."
All three pause before laughing, Wiley taking the verbal lead, "Silly Cone? Why'd you name it that?"
"The package say's Silly Cone."
"Silicone." Owen smirked. They all knew without his saying.
"Ain't you tired of using this ole' thing?" Tyson playfully tapped her on the forehead, then her cheek, watching as her mouth gave chase trying to bite it. Too cute!
"None of you want to play with me." She pouts.
"Not true!" Owen sat the TV remote on the coffee table and sits back to rub her leg. "We all wanna play with you Maria. We just...well...we're kinda tuckered out." Twice a day each with her was breaking the old men down.
"It's okay...I know you don't like me anymore." She shyly mumbles and puffs her lower lip seeking pity.
Shaking their heads as she beguiles them with shyness all three Barnett's swarm her with tickles. She couldn't stop squealing and laughing. Finally, Tyson took Silly Cone and grabbed her right leg lifting her at an angle. Owen to her left followed suit until she was trapped and spread eagle. Wiley behind her snatched up her wrists and held her arms over her head, all she could do was look amongst them in awe.
"We're gonna play with you...our way."
"I want the real thing."
"Not tonight! Tonight you let us pamper you. Then, you show us how you take care of yourself. We know you been practicing, we hear ya yelpin' up a storm."
"I can't help it."
"Don't think it's wrong, you should touch yourself when alone." Owen directs her attention.
"I picture all of my brothers when I do."
"Oh yeah?"
"It's true." Owen chuckled, "I've heard her call out all our names when practicin'."
"Let's get you nice and worked up." Tyson winked, delicately prying her pussy lips apart to see her cute pink tunnel. He then guided her dildo up inside her incredibly wet cunt. Easing it in and out she whimpers and bites her lower lip at the glorious sensations. "Feel nice Baby Sister?"
"Yes. Please fuck me." Her tone was irresistible.
"With this." He moves it in at a faster velocity sinking it deep until the handle nearly grew lost inside. She took every inch like a pro. "Damn! Look at how deep I just pushed this in. Barely holdin' the end in my fingers...she squeezes this things sunken treasure."
Owen shifts his free arm across her thigh and begins massaging her clit while checking out how deep Tyson was pushing the toy. Gasping at his encouragement she recites a feverish pant. "That feels really good Brother."
"Maria? I want you to take over using Silly Cone. Show us just how perfect you've become at using him." Tyson motions Wiley to let her wrists go. Once he does Maria claims her toy from Tyson and instantly challenges herself to fuck her pussy really hard. With her legs still prisoner to Owen and Tyson she found them dragging her ass to the edge of the couch cushion and drawing her legs higher. "Plunge deep. Deep as it can go before having to dig it out." She does just that moaning vividly, her fingertips slick and wet struggle at points to pull it back out of her. Wiley feeling left out lowers both hands over her chest and begins pinching her nipples. In reaction Maria tilted her head back to stare up at Wiley over her brow with the most amazing eyes in Texas.
"Now this is what I call a toy chest." He jostles her boobs.
All three laugh as Maria enjoys his tweaking, her gaze now lowering to observe his pinching and tugging. Cocking her head backward again she absorbed Wiley's expressions as she fucked herself with both hands, forcing it to the point she was losing her grip. Tyson resorting to help her in getting it back out before letting her reclaim it advised her "Maybe not that deep."
Taking time to explore Tyson's eyes she made her rounds amongst their admiring appetites, first Tyson, Wiley, then Owen before locking on Wiley above. His reaction to her sensuality fed into her fantasy. Even captive of the three brothers she used both hands fiercely ramming her pussy with the realistic toy. Her eyes refused to blink. So beautiful!
"Look at me Maria." Wiley made certain she wouldn't lower her gaze. "Don't take your eyes off me. We expect a gusher."
"I'm trying."
"No such thing as tryin'...you succeed. Fuck yourself harder." Owen continued rubbing her clit. In response she gripped her toy and destroyed herself for their satisfaction, toes curling, body trembling, rapid exhales heard with dedication.
"I would do anything for my brothers. Anything!"
"Look at her go. We're proud of you Maria."
She couldn't even reply. As hard as she wanted to she couldn't keep her eyes on Wiley due to her sockets becoming white, eyeballs rolling back into her head. Body quaking in their grasp, she flooded the couch cushion in a mesmerizing waterfall.
"AGAIN!" Owen growled. He didn't even give her time to recover. Taking the toy from her he used it savagely, faster than she herself had used it. Screams of ecstasy echoed Longhorn Manor. So loud that it brought fourth brother Jacob downstairs to see if everything was alright. Wearing only sweat pants the burley brother marched in front of Maria with only the coffee table in between them. She saw him there before her but realistically couldn't acknowledge him in her loss of sanity.
"Wait for it." Wiley winked at Jacob who rubbed his beard noticing the drenched carpet. Torn between being a clean freak and his new step sister's moans he chose to observe her instead. Awaiting another rapidly brewing orgasm she fell prey to Owen's persistence. Not even Wiley patting her cheek could break her fever pitch. She was on a mission and didn't even know it. Spasms shaking her reality Maria Blanco squirted hard, harder than ever before, her toy's continuous assault spitting juices in every direction. All of the Barnett boys hissed their pleasure at her sloppy outcome. Remarkable it was!
"Don't you dare say Again." Tyson pointed at Owen as his plunging of her dildo slowed up to a round of gentle insertions. She cooed and shook like a leaf. Uncertain of her thoughts Tyson joined Wiley in patting her cheeks. "You with us Maria?"
"Forever." She faintly mumbles, "I want you all."
"You have us all Maria. Forever and ever. You're a Barnett now even if it's not your real last name." Owen pulls the dildo free of her vagina and watches her cum webbing outward in strings of milky delight. Taking the crown of her dildo to her lips he teased her until she opened her jaw wide enough to embrace it. Sucking on it she moved her fingers down across her abdomen to finger herself. It was obvious, she had to have something inside her at all times. Two fingers lightly moving in and out she slowly regains her composure, eyes exploring each brother counter clock wise.
"I think you blacked out again some." Jacob narrowed his eyes judging the reaction in her.
"Brothers?" She whimpered.
All four spoke, "Yeah?"
"Teach me more."
Stunned by her request the boys shared glances between one another deciding what was best. She was becoming insatiable, dependent on them to control her sexual appetite. While they all desired her there was a bit of guilt in each of them. She was so innocent, so gullible, so...
"Round the world?" Wiley chuckled.
"Damn! We ain't done that in years." Jacob grinned, feeling more in tune with his brothers now that he himself had officially fucked the shit out of their cute Colombian princess a couple times now.
"Why not." Owen slaps his leg once then stands up and tosses the dildo on the sofa. From there he reached under Maria and cradled her in his arms. Jacob in turn moved the coffee table out of the way so that Owen could rest her back down onto the carpet. "Kneel between us Maria." She wearily does as she's told and peers up with puppy dog eyes. Biting her lower lip, eyes darting from one brother to the next she wonders what they all had planned. Without a word she watches Jacob slide his sweats down and be the first to reveal his beast of a penis. Her eyes smiling at him with amazement until Tyson followed suit, then Owen, finally Wiley. With four huge cocks around her she felt slightly intimidated, sharing a hint of shyness under pressure.
"Scared Maria?" Jacob asked. She shook her head no but he could tell there was a nagging fear hiding. "There comes a time when every woman has to accept whatever comes her way. If you intend on ever being a woman you can't fear anything a man offers you."
"That's right Maria." Tyson adds, "Might even someday be more than four of us. Maybe even more than five. No matter how many fellas adore ya don't show fear. Smile with your eyes and show them you like what you see."
"I do like what I see Tyson. All of you look like the white devil wants to hurt you really, really, really bad."
"I reckon he does." Jacob puckers. "You fellas feeling that devil nippin' at yer heels?"
"Absolutely." Wiley grins.
"Damn straight."
Tyson nods, "This is gonna hurt us more than it hurts you."
"Should I shake the white devil out of them?"
"Nope! You just sit there purdy." Jacob orders her, "We'll do the rest."
Timidly smiling she finds all four brothers moving closer, crowding in on her, four monster cocks touching her face at once. Although ticklish she remained calm, lifting her chin with pride as they slid along her facial contours. Closing in even tighter she felt claustrophobic. Wiley would call it claustropubic.
"Ready Brothers?" Jacob winced. With a nod of eagerness they counted to three and all went goofy and shook their hips sending their dicks frolicking about. In the flurry of girth she began giggling, their cocks smacked the living shit out of her head. Front to back cocks collided time and again. She squealed and closed her eyes to embrace their physical assault.
"Open those eyelids. Accept your fate." Jacob spoke sternly.
She immediately obeyed and popped her lids wide, refusing to blink. For three long minutes they slapped her about, it winded them all in their workout routine. The laughter between all of them led to Maria trying to catch her attackers with her mouth gapping wide. They were too quick to let her capture them. Finally, she threw a tantrum.
"I WANT THEM."
A screeching halt made her cringe as Jacob plants his cock to her lips. "Take it." She wrapped her mouth around his pop can sized thickness and took as much in as she could. Giving her only a second to adjust Jacob gripped the back of her head and began thrusting into her throat. She panicked a bit until he growled, "A woman does NOT resist."
Maria relaxed instantly and let him touch his urethra right up against her tonsils. Tear ducts active she shed tears, but hardly of punishment. Three minutes of abuse he cums down her throat. The second she is allowed to retreat Wiley grabbed her by the hair and fed her his own beast, thriving on making her know this was her life as a woman. She took it in stride. Face fucked twice in a row she presumed two more before she was done. Maybe she wasn't so naïve after all.
Wiley howling like his namesake nutted hard and she swallowed every drop. From Wiley to Owen, he a bit more aggressive. Four minutes of throat agitation he too cums hard. Before she could even swallow, Tyson forced her to take his cock, mixing cum seemed like the right thing to do. Six minutes this time before he finished up, letting her collapse back on to her legs. She was weeping hard after four rough sessions in a row with barely enough time to inhale precious oxygen.
"Take Silly Cone there to your room and get some sleep. Lessons resume tomorrow." Jacob takes charge. "Matter of fact...hands and knees all the way to your bed."
Wiley retrieves her dildo and puts it long ways between her lips like a puppy with a chew toy, "Don't drop it. Use it until you go to sleep."
"I'll buy you more batteries tomorrow." Tyson offered.
"That fuzzy tail comes out here soon." Owen lets her shiver a bit more on her journey from the living room to the staircase. She knew that meant she was going to get one or more of their dicks in its place. Tears continued to fall but she hid them well. No fear...she did her best. All four Barnett's followed her up in a single file after zipping up and watched her ascend the steps one wiggle at a climb. At the top to shock them she wagged her tail before proceeding to her room.
"Now that's puppy love." Jacob huffed.
"We flippin' a coin to see who gets her butt pucker?" Wiley grinned.
"MATTY!" For the last time!!
"Oh yeah!"
********
Speaking of Matthew...
"How we doing Miranda? Givin' up your right to remain silent?"
"Goddamn Matthew that dick is fucking huge. My asshole can't take much more."
"It's gonna have to."
"SHIT! HIT IT!"
"All night long Miss Wright."
"All weekend long! I'm paying for the room." She panted, "I'm tougher than I look."
"We'll see. I ain't even got started yet. How many holes you got again?" He slapped her perfect little heart shaped ass.
"Some Profiler you are."
It was going to be an eventful evening. Last nights bull riding took a turn for the better.
"Tell me you're not gonna be done in 8 seconds." She hissed as his dick destroyed her anus.
Handing her his wristwatch he chuckled, "Time me."
Forty five minutes straight, black Stetson hanging low.
It was his second hand slapping her ass that clued her it that his watch was a Rolex in the hay.
BULOVA!