During my first year at college, a serious safety brief went out to all students and members of staff. There was also a tightening of security, and a noticeable police presence. All because some middle-aged pervert was reported to be in the area, flashing his genitals at female students.
The indecent sightings were alleged to have taken place in the woods, close to the college. Most students found it funny, some caught the fear bug, a few guys formed a vigilante group, while I was left feeling very curious. Since losing my virginity I had become obsessed with cock. I wasn't sampling many, but my mind and internet searches were filled with sex advice, porn and erotica.
The stories of the flasher had me trying to visualise him, this monster, this pervert in the woods. Rumours travelled around the college faster than a female students' nude photos. He went by many descriptions. A giant troll with a big cock, a creep with a very small cock, and even a good-looking guy with a nice cock. I knew they couldn't all be true, so I went for a look myself.
I began walking through the woods on my way home from college. It was like being in a horror movie. Every sound was amplified by my fear and anxiety, but the deeper I went into those woods, the more aroused I also became.
What would I do if he jumped out on me and showed me his cock? Would I scream, run, become paralysed? Would he attack me or just masturbate? What kind of man was he? How perverted was this flasher who lurked inside the woods?
I was as much scared as I was excited, hoping to find out whilst hoping not to find out.
The first time I made it through the woods unscathed, the only thing that scared me was my imagination. I encountered nobody, but the experience left me so horny, I arrived home and relieved the sexual tension immediately. The second and third time was much the same. I started to believe the alleged sightings were just a hoax, a prank to gain attention. A month after the first reported sighting of the flasher, the drama died down and the police believed the man had moved on after the local newspaper ran an article on him.
I began to feel relieved for not crossing paths with this man. I'd let my imagination get away from me, because the danger was so exciting. Then one day our paths did cross. I'd grown accustomed to walking through the woods because of how peaceful it was. The flasher became an urban myth and I no longer believed he was ever real. But then, just like the other reports stated, a wily man, I put him closer to fifty than forty, jumped out from behind a tree. I screamed, jumping back before I froze in total fear.
I'm only 5ft 6inches tall. He easily dwarfed me standing at least 6ft tall. He wore black trousers and boots, a long coat and a hat, easily disguised as a walker. The hat and his full, thick dark beard hid most of his face.
My heart was beating hard and fast, and my hands and knees were trembling. The man was breathing just as quick as me, confirming he was indeed the flasher, when he pulled his trousers down to the tops of his thighs and started masturbating. We didn't speak. He didn't advance and I didn't scream. We just stood there in the middle of the woods, breathing heavily while he stroked his cock a few metres away in front of me.
I soon internalised the shock, turning my fear into curious arousal. My eyes were fixed on the stranger's hand, frantically pulling his foreskin back and forth, revealing a glistening dome head. Studying his cock, my nipples stiffened inside my bra as warmth flooded my knickers. I quickly decided his cock was beautifully hard and long, but ugly with all the dark, angry veins beneath the surface of the thick shaft. His testicles sagged like large plums between his legs, hairy and unattractive, but it was fascinating to see. His eyes were focussed on me in my summery cotton dress, taking in my curves, watching my reaction, reading me like an open book as I watched him masturbate.
"I don't scare you," he mused with a smirk, also revealing a deep, aroused voice.
"A little," I said meekly, trembling again.
He beamed at my shyness. "You know exactly who I am, but you still walked these woods by yourself. You wanted to meet the flasher, hey?" I blushed bright red and looked away for a moment. "You're the most beautiful girl I've ever flashed," he said, squeezing his shaft. I love your long, dark hair and full figure. Do you have brown eyes?"
"Yes," I giggled.
He was so serious I couldn't stop myself from giggling. It was the strangest compliment I'd ever received. I eventually stopped giggling and our eyes locked. I felt nervous again, as my survival instincts told me to get out of the woods while I still could.
"I want to see your body." It sounded like an order, and he took a couple of steps toward me before halting himself. His dark sinister looking eyes were taking in the swell of my breasts beneath my dress.
My heart started racing again, but I didn't freeze or step away from him. I remained quietly still, aroused by the fear of what he might do to me. Encouraged by my curiosity, the flasher slowly walked towards me again, stroking his cock as he moved. His breathing had become ragged as if he couldn't believe I wasn't panicking.
"Your eyes are so beautiful," he breathed, standing over me, looking down.
I looked at the ground, hiding my eyes from him. I was confused by my inability to think sensibly in such a dangerous situation. I was consumed by the flasher's presence, overwhelmingly aroused by him. The flasher didn't release his grip around his cock. He didn't even stop stroking it. My head was facing the ground, but my eyes were watching him masturbating directly in front of me.
"Look at me, beautiful," he said, lightly brushing a finger under my chin and lifting my face to look at him.
My clit throbbed when he touched me. It throbbed again when I saw the lust in his dark brown eyes. I told myself I couldn't run now. I convinced myself I had to do whatever he wanted. The woods seemed to close in around us, trapping me inside as he grinned and traced his finger from my chin and up the right side of my face.
"Your skin is so soft," he whispered, before running his finger around the fullness of my lips. "So sexy."
I tried to look away, but he caught my face with his finger, pulling my head back to face him. I wasn't showing any resistance, and he knew it.
"Touch it," he sighed.
"No," I gasped, struggling to hide my arousal.
"I know you want to," he groaned, grabbing my hand and guiding it to his cock.
The flasher finally let go of himself. I stared wild-eyed at his cock, twitching a glistening as my hand was effortlessly placed around it. I gasped at how warm and hard it was, throbbing against my hand.
"Stroke it, beautiful," he groaned, letting go of my hand.
My mouth went dry as a bone, as my body flooded with adrenaline. I curled my fingers around his shaft and began to move it back and forth along his shaft. I gasped at it throbbing and leaking pre-cum.
"Ohhh, that's it, beautiful. Your hand has done this before," he sighed. "I want to see your big tits."
Emitting a gasp of submission, I continued stroking his cock while he brought his hands up to the top of my dress. His long, thick fingers slowly undid the first button, forcing me to gasp. He then moved down to the next button. Each button the flasher freed was met with a gasp from my shocked self. His groans had also become deeper and longer. I had, unawares, gripped his shaft tighter in my hand.
Once the final button on my blouse was undone, the flasher opened it up, exposing my bra and its abundance of soft flesh. He emitted a throaty groan as his eyes feasted on my breasts. It was a look I hadn't seen before. The guys I was used to letting see my breasts always stared with keen, childish excitement, itching to have a feel, but the flasher seemed to have a deeper understanding and appreciation for what he'd just uncovered.
As I kept a firm grip around his shaft, still pulling the foreskin back and forth over the throbbing head, the flasher pulled my dress down to my elbows. He then leaned closer, wrapped his arms around my quivering body and fumbled with the bra clasp. In the middle of the woods, with the very man I was supposed to run away from and report to the police, I was allowing him to expose my breasts while I stroked his cock.
"Now that's what I call a pair of tits, beautiful, big and round, soft and fleshy. Mmm, look at those hard nipples," he moaned. "Keep stroking, beautiful."
I had to close my eyes. The situation had gone way further than I thought it would. It was scarily moving rapidly towards the fantasy I had about him, long before we actually met. He cupped my creamy, pale breasts in his big hands, lifting them as he leant down to kiss my skin. I felt a tingle of pleasure dart up my spine as his lips softly moved across my chest. I assumed a man who got off on flashing girls would ravish me, take advantage of my naivety and curiosity, but he didn't. The flasher was gentle with my breasts. He kneaded them with tenderness as he slowly kissed his way downwards to my left nipple.
"Uhhhhhh!" I gasped sharply, when the flasher took the sensitive teat between his lips and sucked.
"Mmmmm," he groaned, suckling for a few moments before moving over to my right nipple.
Again, I wrongly assumed, expecting him to keep on sucking and groping my breasts until he ejaculated in my hand.
"Are you as turned on as me, beautiful," he sighed, slipping his hand down inside the gap at the front of my dress.
"No," I gasped, opening my eyes, but I didn't know what I was saying no to.
"Ohhh, beautiful, you're soaking, my girl."
The flashers hand was deep inside my knickers, rubbing my inflamed pussy. I felt I could hardly protest with my hand stroking his shaft.
"So wet," he sighed, sliding a finger between my swollen folds. I gasped, squeezing his cock with one hand and holding onto him with the other.
Groping my breast while he lazily fingered my pussy with ease, the flasher walked me backwards towards the nearest, convenient tree. I relaxed, closing my eyes again, pushing my hips towards him.
"I need to taste you, beautiful," he said softly, removing his hand and getting down on his knees.
"Wait," I gasped, again not sure why.
The flasher put his hands up my dress to pull my knickers down. I watched them slide up my trembling thighs before my black underwear came out from under the hem of my dress.
"Oh, God," I breathed.
The flasher stopped pulling on my knickers when they reached my knees. He let go of them to raise my dress once more. "Mmm," he groaned.
I opened my eyes and a saw the fixed gaze in his eyes, locked on my tight, shaven mound as he held the dress up. I was so turned on; I felt my juices gushing as the flasher stared at my vulnerable, defenceless pussy.
"Have you ever had a cock inside you, beautiful?"
I hesitated to answer. Three cocks had been inside me, but I heard myself telling him I was still a virgin. I was caught in a web of desire, and I knew he wouldn't be able to resist me being a virgin. I'd read too many erotic novels, spoken to too many perverts in chat rooms.
"Ohhhh!" I jolted. His head disappeared under my dress, his tongue attacking my clit.
I put my hands on his head, knocking of his hat. He pushed his face into my pussy, delighting on it as I grabbed fistfuls of his curly black, grey hair, pleasurably sobbing my way towards an orgasm.
"You taste so sweet and sticky, beautiful," he leered, licking my pussy to heaven.
"Oh my, God!" I panted, as the flasher pleasured me in a way I hadn't imagined.
I looked down and spread my legs a little wider. All I could see was a man's body disappearing under my dress, and a large head, covered by my dress, moving around, but I could feel the storm brewing where his tongue was.
"Oh! Oh! Yes! I'm... I'm..." I began to shudder, unable to breathe as an orgasm took control of my body. It then washed through me, knocking me back against the tree.
After climaxing, I was left wondering where I was. The flasher slid his hands up my shuddering body to my breasts. For some reason, I thought it was over, until he stood up and turned me around.
"I'm going to fuck you now, beautiful," he said, bending me over and rubbing his thick gland between my legs.
"No, I don't want this!" I exclaimed, feeding my fantasy to be taken against my will by a stranger.
"Yes you do, beautiful," he chuckled. "Ohhh, you're so hot and tight!" he roared, pushing his big cock into my body.
My hanging breasts were thrown into a violent swing, back and forth under my body, as the flasher fucked me like a rag doll.
"God, you're a tight little slut!" he grunted.
I was fucked hard and fast, deep with no mercy. The depravity of it had me reaching another orgasm. The insides of my pussy convulsed wildly around the thick cock as it stretched me to ecstasy. I screamed deep inside the woods, pushing back to meet his thrusts.
"Yes, beautiful! Cum on my cock you tight slut! You're not a virgin anymore! Uhmm! Uhmm!"
I felt his cock deep inside my pussy, throbbing as something warm and wet was deposited. I knew he was ejaculating his sperm into my womb. I rode it out, enjoying my own orgasm until he finished firing his seed into my body.
When it was time for our paths to uncross, the flasher put his cock away and his hat back on his head. I was shivering mess, pulling my knickers up against the tree.
"I hope we meet again, beautiful," he smirked, watching me put my bra back on.
He then walked off, leaving me well fucked and alone inside the woods. I put my breasts inside my bra, buttoned up my dress, and left the woods, swearing I'd never walk through them again.