Editor's note: this fictional work contains scenes of fictional rough, reluctant, dubiously consensual, consensually non-consensual (CNC), or non-consensual sex or scenarios.
*****
The sun was setting, and the orange-blue sky imparted a strange, foreboding ambience to the dusky forest. Elisabeth had been walking for hours, searching for her lost car keys. And now that she had finally found them, she was desperately trying to reach them in the inaccessible crevices of a large tree. She wiggled and struggled to free herself, her arms and legs flailing in all directions, but the more she wriggled, the more stuck she became.
To make matters worse, her efforts to set free caused one of the larger tree branches to rip her dress before painfully scratching her lower leg. A cursory glance from one angle would reveal her exposed skin, from her silk bra past her sexy thong and her firm thigh, all the way down to her now bleeding leg.
After struggling some more to no avail, panic started to kick in. If she couldn't manage to break loose, she would be trapped all night in this desolate place. She had to calm down, she just had to focus and set herself free. While she was reassessing her situation and planning the best course of action, a voice rang out from the trees behind her.
"I see you've found yourself in quite a predicament." the mysterious stranger said in a low and confident voice.
Elisabeth's eyes widened as she understood she was no longer alone. The stranger stood tall and proud, surveying the situation with amusement.
"What do you want?" she asked, her voice trembling with fear. She realized she was not in a position to defend herself, let alone escape. If this man had any ill intention, she would be in serious trouble. Not being able to see him only made matters worse, as his appearance was left to her imagination. Images of creepy, savage, dirty males flashed through her mind.
The stranger stepped closer, his gaze lingering on her revealing dress. It was clear he had noticed her exposed body, and the fear in Elisabeth's eyes.
"There is no need to be afraid," he said. "I am not here to hurt you. I just want to help and set you free."
Elisabeth let out a sigh of relief. If she really was in danger, he probably wouldn't have taken the time to reassure her, given her defenseless position. Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard him laugh.
"Then again, maybe you would find it patronizing and sexist if I were to assume that you are unable to win a fight with a static tree. Perhaps I should just wait patiently while you solve this problem yourself. Unless, of course, you give up and ask me nicely for assistance. Then I will gladly push those branches away from your curvy breasts, your shiny ass and your sexy legs, so you can get out of there and cover up."
Elisabeth gasped, suddenly realizing how exposed she really was, and how this unknown man was playing with her. She was pretty sure setting herself free would remain quite the struggle, especially with this amused spectator's gazing eyes on her. And who knows, she might even increase her vestimentary issues in the process.
The alternative would be asking for his help. That would have seemed obvious, if it wasn't for his choice of words that almost made her liberation sound like something erotic and intimate. Not to mention the fact that he expected her to ask "nicely", challenging her pride.
A strange mix of feelings, sensations and observations reinforced her indecisiveness: the shame, a small dose of remaining fear and worry, her uncomfortable position, the mild pain in her leg, but also the humor of this hilarious scene and the excitement that had broken up her usually monotonous existence.
There was even a mild arousal, triggered by the stranger's suggestive words. She wouldn't consciously admit it, but there appeared to be a quiet perverted voice in her head, convincing her that she kind of liked this gentleman spying on her curves. She must have been lost in thoughts for longer than she anticipated, when she was brought back to reality as the stranger broke the silence again.
"Really curious! Somehow you seem to think the best course of action is not to liberate yourself, is not to ask for my help, but to just keep the status quo and remain there in what doesn't appear to be a very natural, relaxed pose. I'm starting to wonder if you aren't secretly enjoying this. Maybe you are fantasizing how I'm masturbating here behind your back, concealed from your curious eyes."
That last sentence would have sounded immensely inappropriate if it wasn't for the fact that it was accompanied by a huge burst of laughter. He was obviously just joking.
However, with her thoughts already all over the place, the suggestion made her briefly wonder if he wasn't already touching himself outside of her view. She instantly dismissed the thought, but the seed of sexual tension was now firmly planted in her brain. Perhaps there was some truth in his mockery? Maybe she was somehow enjoying this absurd situation? She fought against her stream of consciousness wandering further into such a crazy direction. Surely, she was not an exhibitionist, right?
Realizing his teasing had gone a bit too far, he sincerely apologized.
"Ha-ha, I'm sorry, I just couldn't resist to tease you a little. Let me help you out now."
The stranger walked around Elisabeth, looking for the best way to handle this. Now she was finally able to evaluate his appearance. The man approaching her wasn't particularly handsome, but he was in good shape and stylishly dressed. Faded blue jeans clung to his waist, and a neatly pressed collared shirt showed off his toned biceps. She giggled when she remembered the horror pictures that she had previously sculpted in her brain.
Her rescuer came into action. In his attempt to free Elisabeth, he grabbed hold of a low-hanging branch and put his weight into it, to push it away from her body. Unfortunately, what happened next would not have been out of place in a comedy movie. Due to a bad assessment of the branches' strength compared to his own weight, he clumsily lost his balance, not only causing the remainder of Elisabeth's dress to be ripped off as well, but also landing with his face right between her thighs.
Elisabeth's eyes nearly popped out of her head. A soft moan escaped her lips, while a flurry of thoughts raced through her mind, nearly all of them related to this stranger's face exploding her crotch with his hot breath. She immediately became aware of her intimate closeness to his face, as she desperately tried to avoid eye contact. No longer could she deny that this whole situation was turning her on, nor could she deny the obvious physical effects. She started to tremble, and her thong was already soaked with her body fluids.
The stranger was even more embarrassed than Elisabeth, as he struggled to get back to his feet.
"What the hell just happened?!" he asked himself, dumbfounded by the situation. "I just got a free show I undoubtedly enjoyed," he thought, "but I've fallen on my face like a fool, and I think I just ruined my chance of leaving a good impression." The last thing he wanted to do was to embarrass her even further. "I have to play this off nonchalantly," he told himself. "I'll act like I didn't see a thing."
Despite his noble intentions, he couldn't escape the strong estrogen-heavy scent emanating from her nearby vulva, or the exciting view of her labia clinging around the thin fabric of her thong. Looking up, he realized she was a very attractive woman, and in his wildest dreams he could only wish to be in a situation like this. A bulge started to appear in his pants, and he really hoped she wouldn't notice.
When Elisabeth looked down, she caught an obvious glimpse of lust in his eyes. Her own embarrassment had made room for excitement, as she realized she didn't want it to end here. Recognizing the sentiment was likely mutual, she decided to act.
"It's ok." she said in a low voice, and with a grin she added "Now it's you who appears to be all embarrassed and indecisive."
He sheepishly smiled back.
"If you feel the urge to explore your immediate surroundings, I won't stop you. After all, I'm still trapped here, remember." she added with a wink.
Seeing how he still looked nervous, she briefly moved her hand over her soaking wet thong, then added: "Seriously though, you would make me really happy if you would have a taste... if you want to... of course."
Her sudden consent sounded like music to his ears, erased all his previous shame and totally unleashed his primal instincts. He didn't have to think twice before he grabbed hold of her waist with one arm, while sliding his other hand up her thigh to cup her panty-covered mound. With a slight nod from her, he started rubbing circles around her clitoris with his thumb. She gasped out loud at the sensation, and as he increased pressure on her clitoris, she felt an electrifying wave of pleasure running through her body.
Emboldened by this response, the stranger positioned himself deeper between Elisabeth's legs and pushed against them until they were opened wide apart. He then leaned down and began licking the length of her vulva as if he had just discovered an oasis after days in the desert.
"I can smell your pussy from here," he whispered between licks. "I like to think it is as sweet as honey. You are simply breathtaking!" After a while, he backed up and lifted her legs over his shoulders, so that he could reach her more easily. Her juices instantly began flowing uncontrollably, drenching his tongue as he licked deep inside her pussy, before sucking hard on her clitoris.
Elisabeth's breathing was heavy, and her entire body was brimming with arousal. When she felt his strong hand on her thigh and the two fingers he had just slit inside her pussy, she moaned out loud. And as he let his tongue go wild inside her cunt and fingering her with increased speed, she felt her orgasm rising uncontrollably.
"Please. Please don't stop. Yes. Don't stop."
He didn't, and within a few minutes she felt herself climaxing wildly.
"Ahhh! Ah! Ah!"
As she came down from her orgasmic high, the stranger stood up and proceeded to free her from the branches, then gently pushed her against a tree trunk. He looked into her eyes with a burning desire and kissed her softly on the lips. Seeing how she didn't object, he unbuttoned his pants to expose his fully erect penis. Then he began thrusting into her with enough force to send them both flying in an intense wave of pleasure. She gasped as his thick shaft filled her completely, and with every thrust he sent seemingly endless ripples of pleasure through all parts of her body. The sensation was overwhelming, and Elisabeth couldn't help but cry out in ecstasy as they rode out their climax together.
When it was over, they lay there panting, and contented smiles spread across their faces. "That was incredible" she whispered, "I'm so glad I said yes". He pulled her closer and hugged her tightly as they basked in the afterglow of what had just happened.
After a few minutes of silence, he looked at her and said, "You know what, I think you need something to cover yourself up with." He stood up, unbuttoned his shirt and removed his pants before handing them to her, while casually making a joke about how he could now end up all embarrassed if someone caught him in his underwear on his short walk home. She laughed and accepted his gift, assuming he probably didn't live that from away.
The clothes weren't exactly her size, but it was good enough for a trip back home. After recovering her keys, they shared one last kiss and had a final look at each other, before they both walked back to their separate lives, strangers once more but now forever connected by this one perfect moment of shared pleasure.
During the ride home, Elisabeth suddenly realized something... she still didn't know his name!