Marty Montana was lying on his bed and staring at the ceiling. He was bored. Those planning to pair off had already done so. And he was odd man out. Monica and Pete were with their respective squeezes, Jay and Lisa. There weren't enough women around - that was the problem, too much testosterone. Pete said that a few more would be arriving tomorrow, but that was easy for him to say, seeing that he was shacking up with Lisa, the sultry brunette. And what was with the pencil-dicked Jay? How on earth did he ever snag Monica? Jay was one lucky dude, having a woman like that to teach him about the opposite sex. But why choose Jay, when she could have had her hands on Marty Montana? It made no sense. At least they were paying him well.
He looked down at his cock, which was pleading for attention. He would have loved to have given it a good whack, but decided against it. Downstairs, people were drinking. When he last saw William he was hanging around the wet-bar with three of the dykes from the crew. They were butch lesbians, who weren't his thing, so he left them to Big Bill, who he knew could swing with any scene. He imagined William taken against his will by the three bulls, their combined strength sufficient to overpower him, and wreak havoc on his penis and his psyche with their femdom humiliation. That wasn't just a fantasy, it really could happen.
Marty suddenly realized that he better start thinking about something else, because his cock had gotten stiff, and he chose not to beat-off. Was there a little part of him that wanted to be in William's place?
He got up and checked himself out in the full-length mirror. Damn, he was hot. He had a pretty good first day of work, he thought. He drank sperm from a glass; okay, it was mixed with beer, but still, he drank someone else's cum from a glass. Let's see William do that.
Sucking the old man's dick wasn't exactly his cup of tea, but he did what the director asked of him. Why William had referred to him as 'trouble' he did not know - probably jealousy, but he was sure they'd have a reckoning before it was all said and done.
Dam seemed pretty cool, and that chick, Lisa, had a body that would not quit. They both had their hands on his dick, but Dan seemed to enjoy it more than she did. He never figured Dan for a fag, but regardless, he was a stud and a half. As a bodybuilder, Marty knew quality in a male when he saw it, and Dan's penis was rock-star material. He was tall and lean, and his cock...what was it that made it so special? It was large, but Marty had seen larger. It must be the shape; yes, that was it. His cock probably had the handsomest contour of any Marty had ever seen, regardless of whether it was soft or hard, and he shot seed like a freight train.
He heard voices in the corridor, so he opened his bedroom door. Monica, Jay, and Dan were having a conversation. Monica was wearing panties only, and Marty was happily surprised when he saw how shapely her butt was. He would have loved to gotten a glimpse of her boobs, but she was facing the other direction. He did observe though her hand on Jay's naked backside when they returned to their room. Dan was about to do the same, when Marty beckoned him over. "Danny boy, where have you been all evening?" Dan was wearing tighty whities, and nothing else, and he had a huge bulge down the front.
"I was on the Internet."
Marty leered at his package. "You must have been watching porn."
Dan smiled once he realized Marty had been checking him out. "I'm always this way," he replied. "I never get enough."
Now it was Marty's turn to smile. "It takes a real stud to pull off that underwear look, and man, you do it."
"That's why I keep wearing them; everybody says so." Dan grabbed his crotch. "They're comfortable too." The moment seemed right, so he added, "I'm fucking horny right now...I was wondering..."
It sounded like an invitation, so Marty hugged him tight and gave him a kiss full on the mouth. As the muscular stud's cock hardened it pressed against Dan's body, which he took as a compliment. Marty was definitely in the mood.
"I've been thinking about you all evening," Dan confessed. "You are really built."
Marty was used to people coming on to him, but he wasn't expecting it from Dan. He recovered quickly, though, and lowered his hand so that he could feel Dan's boner through the thin cotton material, and he gave it a quick fondle. "You like?" Dan most definitely did. "With a dick like yours," Marty said, "you don't need muscles. But you got a nice frame. I could give you an easy program to follow, if you wanted to bulk up."
Dan wasn't listening. He was rubbing his hands along Marty's chest. "You're like a Greek God."
"I try and workout every day," Marty replied. "Even here." He pointed to the corner of the room where there were two barbells. It didn't take much persuasion for Marty to grab a weight with each hand and begin lifting them. Dan continued to massage Marty's chest, but then his eyes cast downward.
"I start out with curls," Marty said, "and then...ooohhh...uh, goddamn! Good suck job! Keep it up...goddamn!"
Dan cupped Marty's balls with one hand, and with the other he held on his shaft and licked his cock-head. The muscleman set the weights down, put his hands on Dan's shoulders, and braced himself. "You are one hell of a man, Danny boy. Go whole hog on me," and Dan obediently swallowed as much of his cock as he could. It turned him on to be able to satisfy the muscular white Adonis, and his own penis was starting to win its battle too, finally poking through the front opening of his undies. Marty's pecker wasn't as large as, say, William's, but his swagger was worth a few extra inches, and his physique was more impressive. William might have been perfect, but Marty was beyond perfect, and he was William's superior in every area but one, but twelve inches couldn't fit inside Dan's rectum. Nine inches could.
"You ready for a piece of me, Danny boy?"
Dan took off his tighty whities. Marty was flummoxed. "Holy fucking smoke!" One very large and very erect cock sprung out so fast that it bounced up and down several times. "You are fucking hung like a goddamn...I don't even know what...goddamn!" For one of the few times in his life, Marty Montana was speechless.
"Watch this," Dan said, after the bouncing settled down, and he contracted his stomach muscles in such a way that his boner continued to bounce and wag on its own before Marty's very eyes. The preliminaries were over. Dan went over to the bed and lay down. He looked over and saw Marty applying lubricant to his rod. It was maxed-out boned now; a classic nine-incher, with its head facing upward, and he sauntered over to the bed.
"That's what I call a rig," Dan exclaimed!"
He lifted Dan up by his haunches and inserted his cock. Dan let out a loud groan.
"Easy boy, relax. Don't worry, I'll do a nice job." From his vantage point Marty was able to check out Dan's cock up close.
"Your cock has such definition, my friend. "It's like a...a..."
"Hammerhead shark," Dan grunted, as Marty slid his meat in and out of his bunghole with effortless ease.
"Hammerhead shark! Man, you are one lucky dude." Marty was excited. "Look at it," he exclaimed! "I'd kill for that boner."
Dan's cock had tilted to the side, in its trademark, arc-shaped curve, but supreme stiffness had since straightened it out, and it now positioned itself due north, flat against his stomach, and it was pulsating with unrequited rage. Dan began to stroke it.
"No, don't," said Marty. "Leave it for me. Here, turn over." He helped him on to his hands and knees, and he rammed him from behind. Dan could feel the muscleman's strength and desire as he penetrated deeper and deeper. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensation. When his prostate got hit just right the tingle could be felt all the way down to the tip of his penis. It made him shudder and spasm, and his cock felt like it was on fire. Fluid began to dribble out; the mother of all pre-cums, and it felt the same way an orgasm would have, except that this one engulfed his entire body with a rolling wave of pleasure. It was a sensation that only a man could provide. Girls were great too, but he had developed a craving for the full-body-tingle, first experienced with Johnny, and now again with Marty.
Marty was a kind and considerate fucker. He knew when to apply pressure and when to hold back. But when the time was right to apply pressure, he struck with full force. Dan began to grunt loudly, his body shook like he was undergoing an exorcism, and he cried with ecstasy as his penis began to discharge sperm; several rapid squirts of satisfied relief. Dan was breathing hard. He was having an out-of-body experience.
Marty reached down and felt Dan's cock, which was wet and sticky. "Did you just shoot?" Dan didn't answer, he just groaned; he was too busy enjoying the moment, but it got Marty to amp up his game, and he drove into Dan with his strongest thrusts yet. Dan's body went limp, allowing Marty to do what he wanted. For the moment, Marty owned him. "Get ready Danny boy, I'm popping...uh, uh...yeah, baby...YEAH...that's what I'm talking about!" Marty roared with delight as his juice was finally liberated. It was an incredibly satisfying orgasm.
They took a shower together, and each scrubbed and cleaned the other's penis as if it were their own. After they toweled off, Dan was once again on the bed, lying on his back, and his cock was beginning to form another arc. Marty sat on the edge of the bed, absorbing the beauty of Dan's gorgeous appendage. He rolled his fingers over it. "Your cock...man, what can I say?" He began to suck on it, and Dan's facial contortions and exaggerated body movements began to manifest themselves, a sure sign of his arousal. Marty was impressed by how stiff it had gotten. "Damn, you're ready to shoot again, aren't you?"
"You push the right buttons," Dan said, between moans. Marty sucked a little more ferociously. "Come on, stud boy, spill the beans," he commanded. Dan writhed with pleasure. Marty's muscular arm was stroking his cock so strongly that it's fortunate the friction didn't start a fire, but even if it had, Dan's voluminous jizz could probably have extinguished it. But with no fire to put out, Marty greedily lapped it up. "You're quite a shooter," he said.
"And you're quite a stud," replied Dan.
They lay on the bed together in contented silence. Dan looked at the clock; it was eleven-thirty. "Monica will be happy...you know, no sex after midnight."
"Man, let me ask you about her. You ever do her?"
"I used to strip at hen parties, and she was at one, and yeah, we banged, but not recently. I think she likes them young." And he left the room to return to his own, and some well-deserved sleep.
****
Darryl rose early in the morning. He went downstairs and turned the television on. A car pulled up into the driveway. He could hear women's voices, followed by a knock at the front door, so he opened it.
"Look, a naked doorman. I guess we're in the right place."
Jane left Los Angeles early in the morning, bringing Sunny with her. Once they were underway she took a script out of her purse and handed it to the young lady. "You won't believe what they want me to do."
Sunny flipped through the pages. "It says that you're invisible..."
"Yeah, and I peep on naked men who are doing all sorts of kinky shit. All I have to do is stand there in my mini and watch."
"Wow."
"This is my husband's way of pimping me out. The narrative he created is 'wealthy Japanese businessman marries reformed slut'. I can't do hardcore, because I'm married to a respectable tycoon, but apparently it's okay for me to appear in a hardcore film. I can strip to my underwear, but no nudity. It's weird...they're weird. It's like they want me to be naughty, but know where to draw the line."
"Are you gonna do the film?"
"No, but they don't know that yet. They're offering a lot of money. One hundred thousand dollars."
"What! That's a lot of money. Shit, I'd do it."
"Really, you'd go to Tokyo? You know, I might be able get that gig for you, but you'd probably have to color your hair. The Japs like blondes."
"That's okay, I'd have no problem with that."
"If the film's a hit we could do a sequel here, and have a tie-in over there...that's what they call synergy. This might just work. There's a big market in Japan. I even did a sex tape to cash in."
Sunny giggled. "You did a sex tape? All these things I'm learning about you."
"Like I said, it was my husband pimping me out. He knew the market was there. He'd lose face if I did hardcore porn, but a sex tape can be explained away. Everyone has sex in real life. And it took place before the marriage, so I wasn't reformed yet. We did it out on the balcony. The cover story was that someone spied on us with a long-range camera, which was certainly possible. Those Japs are good with cameras, and they're sneaky. They put cameras in their shoes and film up women's skirts. And Hideki was right; the market was there..." She sighed. "That fucker's always right."
"Wait; why does he want to pimp you out?"
"Because he loves me; because it turns him on; because he likes the idea of being married to a sex goddess...I don't know; I'm a trophy wife. It's a status thing for him. The bigger my star gets the more jealous his friends will be. The truth is that's he's a sick fuck, but I have to admit that a little part of me likes being the person who the Japanese boys whack-off to."
"I can dig that."
"And we made a lot of money on that tape, didn't we Herman?"
"Let's just say that this brand newEscaladeI'm driving you ladies in belongs to me."
"Herman? You did a sex tape with Herman?" Sunny looked at Jane with wide-eyed surprise.
"It was either Herman or one of the black servicemen stationed in Japan. I don't know if you know this, but it's a big industry over there. They love black dick, and the military has lots of black soldiers who like to earn extra money, so do the math."
Herman adjusted the rear view mirror; it caught Jane's attention. "I know what you're doing, Herman."
"Sorry, I had to check out Sunny's crotch. I was dying to see her panties."
"And?"
"They're blue, and they're real sexy."
"I might have to get him neutered." Jane said, winking.
"Well, you're the girls who are walking around in short skirts."
"Oh I don't mind if he peeks," said Sunny. "Perverts have needs too." In that case, thought Jane, she'll love Japan.
"Herman, I still don't know why you insisted on coming along. There's nothing for you to do." She turned to Sunny. "My mother's staying at my condo for a few days. I think he's scared of her."
"Damn right."
"You could have taken a trip somewhere, spend some of your porn earnings."
"I'd rather be with you. I can always masturbate."
"Maybe if you give Sunny some of your porn earnings, you won't have to masturbate."
They knocked on the front door and Darryl played the role of naked butler. Herman brought in the luggage.
Jane read a text Monica had sent her. "Last bedroom on the left; let's go."
"After you, ladies," said Herman, smirking and winking at Darryl."
"Darryl cleared his throat. "Can I watch too, when you walk up the stairs?"
"With a dick like yours," replied Jane, "you don't have to ask."
The room had two twin beds. "You're sleeping downstairs on the couch," Jane said, to her valet.
"Why," he asked?
"There's two girls in here, and three's a crowd, so unless you can make yourself useful"...To Sunny she added: "He does a good job of trimming bush, if you got one."
Sunny had a late morning scene involving William, Marty, and Dan, and she sought out Monica, who stood next to the portable massage table that had been set up in the back yard, near the swimming pool. She was introduced to Jay, one protégé to another, and he seemed to take an instant liking to her. Monica thought she saw some penis movement, and it gave her an idea.
William and Marty came out. "They look like twins," Sunny exclaimed, "and I get them both? What, do we have an assembly line or something?" She was quite happy.
"And that's not all," said Monica. "There's a little bonus for you at the end. You remember Dan, don't you?"
"He's hard to forget."
The two musclemen stood by the massage table and Sunny walked over to them, her short beige dress flapping in the mild breeze. Herman was right; her blue panties did look sexy. The men helped her out of her dress, and they also unclasped and removed her white bra. Marty's cock was at half-mast, and the tip of his submerged cock-head was peeking through the skin. William was still flaccid, but his cock-head was so tiny it kind of resembled Marty's.
Sunny lay down on the table, front side down, and they began to work her body over with their hands. Marty removed her blue panties, and tapped her playfully on the ass. His hand lingered, but who could blame him? She had an extraordinary butt. It was round, but not plump, it was firm, but with some meat on the bone. It was a work of art. An 'instant boner', was how Pete referred to it, after he had fucked her a few times.
William would probably agree, because his cock had since lengthened by several inches, and now he wanted in on the action. Why not upstage the competition, he thought, so grabbing onto his stiffening organ, he slapped it against her buttocks.
"Show off," Marty said.
"If you got it, flaunt it," he replied, smiling shamelessly. William slid his finger in her crack and Sunny let out a soft purr.
She tuned over, and both men claimed a breast for themself, licking her nipples and massaging her firm mounds. She parted her legs and Marty began to finger-massage her clitoris. For the next ten minutes the two men rubbed every muscle, every tendon, every orifice, until she was totally overwhelmed and slumped down in exhausted pleasure.
"Is there anything else we can do for you," asked William?
Sunny studied their cocks. Marty was slightly beyond semi-hard, and a solid piece of wood was beckoning. William was about halfway between semi-soft and semi-hard, but it was leaning towards the hard end of the scale. "How much will it cost me for you to masturbate?"
William and Marty looked at each other and shrugged. "No charge, we'll do it for free." Sunny rolled over on to her front side again, and rested her chin on her hands. The men walked around and stood at the head of the table so that their penises were directly in front of her face.
The plan was for the two masturbators to finish their business by giving her cum facials. That should be easy. They would then leave, and Sunny, still lying on the massage table, would masturbate in a solo scene, and once she was primed, Dan would fuck her. That was the plan, and William and Marty did their best to make it a success. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that each was wary of the other; sometimes a film set isn't big enough for two buffed Adonis's, but for now it was all sweetness, as they stood side-by-side, pounding their meat into submission.
Each would consider it a feather in their cap to be the first off the mark, so they pulled on their shafts with great urgency. The real winner in this was Sunny, who got a birds-eye view of two manly studs plying their trade for her benefit.
"That's what I'm talking about!" A shotgun blast of Marty's spunk caught Sunny in the forehead; a direct hit. He arched his back and squeezed the remaining contents. Much of it fell to the ground, but he'd always have the forehead shot for his resume. When it was William's time to cum he leaned in close so that his cock-head was brushing against her face when his jizz erupted. The close proximity insured a thorough drenching.
"That's cheating," said Marty. William didn't care, and neither did Sunny, who made no move to wipe away the semen, allowing nature to take its course. The long-term winner of course was Donkey, who captured a great sequence for their video.
Monica was thinking maybe Jay was up to having intercourse with Sunny. Maybe he needed someone his own age; maybe he'd relax and discover that fucking a woman isn't so bad. And once there, maybe he'd be ready to give Monica a decent poking. It was worth a try; she was getting impatient. She had invested a lot of time, and Jay was no closer to having intercourse with her than the day they met. The problem was that he couldn't maintain an erection inside her vagina.
Jay was aroused right now. Monica explained her plan to him while Sunny was being massaged. She didn't want to give him too much time to think about it, lest he get nervous. It was a big leap. It's one thing to fuck a woman and achieve an orgasm for the first time; it's another to do it in front of a lot of people, some of who were recording it with a camera.
Having done their duty, Marty and William sauntered off.
"Don't stray too far," said Monica, "in case I need you."
Sunny remained face down on the table. She baked in the late morning sun; her delicate and delicious butt soaked up the rays. She turned over and began massaging her vagina, eventually sticking her fingers inside and manipulating them more and more. She spread her cunt lips wide so the cameras could get a clear view of her pink tunnel, which was a necessity for an up-and-coming porn-starlet.
Dan hovered nearby off-camera, and though he was disappointed at being replaced, he was a team player and offered Jay some encouragement. "A pussy is just a hole. You just go in and out, in and out." He put his hands on Jay's shoulders. "You'll do fine," he said. He then added a few tugs on Jay's sturdy pecker. "Girls love it when you have a boner." Monica didn't appreciate Dan touching Jay's dick, but it happened so fast it was over before she could say anything.
Having time to kill, Dan debated what to do about his ripening woodie. "Jane's here, you know," Monica said.
"She is?"
"Yeah, she arrived this morning. She's inside somewhere." That was as easy way to get rid of him, she thought, and she swore his cock turned to steel at the mere mention of her name.
Dan roamed around until he found her. By now the sight of her naked valet drew not even a shrug. It turned out that Jane had time to kill as well. One look at his menacing weapon was all it took, and pretty soon they were all in Jane's bedroom.
"You can go now," she said to Herman, but he made no attempt to leave. "Herman!"
"Come on, can't I watch?
"No."
"Let him stay, Juniper." Only Dan knew her secret nickname, and only he used it, but it was enough to get her to give in."
"Okay, Herman, you can stay, but stay on your own bed. I don't like being disturbed when I'm with my stable boy."
"Don't worry about him," Dan said. "I'm hungry for you," and he began to kiss her boobs and rub her crotch with his hand.
"Fuck the foreplay," she snapped. "Fuck me, now."
Dan's cock was rock-hard solid, and he wasted no time inserting it into her waiting vagina. Once she began secreting his cock began to slip and slide without a hitch, and he increased his pressure. They were fucking missionary style, and Jane had her arms around his neck, pushing him down towards her. Her moans got louder, eventually turning into screams. They formed a duet with Dan's grunting. He tightened his loins and lurched forward, his mouth open in orgiastic pleasure. The first of several emissions was currently being pumped into her cave.
It would take a lot more than one orgasm to slow Dan down, and he didn't even break stride after he emptied his sac, he just kept on fucking. They fucked and Herman jerked. He envied Dan; he wished he were as studly, satisfying Jane the way he did. She was really screaming now, matching Dan orgasm for orgasm. Her body was shuddering. Dan came a second time, and Jane's screams slowly receded and evolved into whimpers. She was sated, for now. Dan rolled over on his back, his cock still pulsating despite two orgasms, and glimmering with the residue of their secretions. It was too tantalizing to ignore, so she decided to see how it felt in her hand.
"Can I suck it," Herman asked?
"Did you bring theTengawith you?"
"Of course I did."
"Why don't we try it out on Dan?
"What'sTenga," he asked?
"It's a fake cunt..."
"No it ain't," Herman said. "It's a love toy." Dan rested with his hands behind his back and allowed Herman to do the work. He placed the cylinder over Dan's penis and began working it up and down.
"I don't like it," Dan said, after a minute or two, so Herman removed it. Dan grabbed hold of his big rig and stroked it. "Nothing beats this," he said, rubbing it gently, holding it up as an offering.
Herman looked at Jane with pleading eyes. "Let Herman have some fun, since you asked him to be here."
Dan released his grip, and his cock flopped on to his stomach with a resounding thud. Herman's mouth felt like a warm desert wind, stimulating all of his senses.
"You're good little homos," said Jane, as she watched Herman go down on his knob. Dan was a sight to behold, twisting and turning his head spasmodically. It also meant he was nearing the finish line. It a way though, it saddened her to see Dan enjoying it as much as he was.
She began playing with his nipples. "Come on, homo-boy, let's see you cum," and she kissed him passionately on the lips. She could tell that he was on the verge of an explosion. She crammed her tongue into his open mouth. "I love my homo-boy," she whispered."
"Uh, uh, uh"...That was it. Too distracted to give Herman a proper warning, the young man's mouth filled up with essence of Dan, and he felt privileged to swallow his love.
They rested. "What happened to you," asked Jane? "You slayed a thousand women, and now you're slaying boys."
"We broke up, and then I met Johnny."
"Jesus, in a way...that means it's my fault. I turned you towards Johnny. I turned you homo."
Dan smiled. "I guess you could say that. But only you could have done it. I'll say this: Johnny's the second best fuck I ever had."
Jane was thrilled beyond belief. "Dan, that's the sweetest thing you've ever said to me."
"What should we do about Herman," he asked, seeing that he had a rocket ready to shoot?
"Fuck him, he can beat-off, what about me? I'm just getting started."
Dan smiled. "Let Herman do you. It would really, really, turn-me on."
"Herman? Why give him a cheap thrill? I don't wanna fuck him, I wanna fuck you."
"Don't play dumb with me," he said, smiling. "I saw your sex tape. Ninety-nine bucks, but it was worth it."
"You paid ninety-nine dollars for my sex tape?" I'm flattered. How did you find it?"
"They're selling it on the Donkey Japan website. I masturbated three times before I reached the end of the tape. Three times!"
"Come on, Dan. Do me one more time. Show Herman how it's done." Dan stepped up and fucked her non-stop, at full-throttle, for about twenty minutes. He turned Jane into a rag doll until, finally, she announced that she had enough.
"Are you crying uncle," Dan asked?"
"Yes, uncle...uncle, you fucking dickhead."
"Who's the homo?"
"Okay, okay, you win."
Dan had removed his cock and he now dangled it in front of her face. "Do you want to suck me off, or should I fuck Herman in the ass?"
****
Jay approached Sunny with trepidation. He was having second thoughts. To his credit he tried, he really tried. He got an erection easily enough, and it stayed hard as it entered her cunt, but it was right around here that he lost the plot. His confidence waned, his erection evaporated, and his soft penis slinked out of her vagina and reverted back to its three-inch starting point.
Sunny had him lie down and she fellated him until he got hard again. She tried out her cowgirl technique, and it looked like Jay might see it through to the end, but mister softie reared its ugly head once more. Sunny began to massage his penis in dismay. Her efforts to get him hard were more entertaining than the fucking they had attempted. That was definitely not part of the plan.
Was it too late to get Dan? Monica regretted sending him to Jane; he was probably now useless. There were still available cocks. Pete was fresh, as was Darryl, nut Monica didn't want Pete fucking Sunny, so that left the old man, but he needed to save his strength.
"How about I give him a blowjob," Sunny asked, "get him to cum that way?"
But Monica wanted more than a blowjob - she wanted a fuck. Sunny needed to get fucked here and now. Her career arc demanded it. Jay was a mistake; Sunny needed to get pounded by a Donkey dick, which Jay obviously didn't have. She turned and saw that William and Marty were still hanging around. They would do.
The beefcake brothers! There was an outside chance that they may have worked together on an obscure gay film, but Sunny getting a double dose of Marty and William was historic, as the website would later play up. This scene could get her noticed. Sexually confused males who tuned in to watch the war of the muscles might also fall prey to the charms of the sensual young lady.
Over the next forty-five minutes the beefcake boys took turns, trying out different multiple positions. The only thing missing was man-on-man, but their naked bodies were in close enough proximity for one to use their imagination. Sunny deferred to their strength, letting them decide how to abuse her. Marty's favorite position was when she was lying down, showing off her butt cheeks, and there was still enough space for him to enter via the back door while he lay on top of her. He found a good groove, and he made it look easy; which is wasn't, because the tight fit left little room for error. "I'm gonna cum all over your sweet little ass," he panted, followed by, "YEAH!" He used his hand to rub the sauce all over her cheeks.
The more Monica saw of Marty the more she liked him. He was a real pro, and equally at home fucking men and women. He was definitely part of Donkey's future, so she hoped.
William refrained from doing his signature backdoor move, not wanting to give Marty any ideas. Instead, he had Sunny mount him, and she grinded on his cock, boy did she grind on it. She went side-to-side, back to front; she even turned around on it, and never let it leave her cunt, this allowing William to watch her expanding butt-cheeks as his twelve-inch bone nearly ripped her in half.
"I'm cumming, he gasped, so Sunny reached down, removed it from her cunt, and rubbed it against her pubes until the semen did flow.
****
Sunny and Lisa were swimming in the pool while the naked men stood around idly. The highlight of the afternoon would be a battle between the musclemen. It would start out as wrestling, but would end with ass poking. Both men agreed to it when Monica broached the subject, so everything was cool.
Jane stood by Monica as the ladies were filmed while frolicking in the pool. She mentioned the invisible woman scenario to her, and Monica liked it. She instantly realized, as did Jane, the only way it could work would be for the CFNM angle to be the star, with the CFs the focus of attention. The NMs, and there'd be lots of them, were interchangeable; it was the perversions they were doing that was the story. Get the hottest women imaginable, have them wear the sexiest clothing imaginable, expose them to male sexual depravity, the only restriction being the limit of Donkey's imagination. Four scenes in all, each one sicker than the other, and the men would act as if the women weren't there.
Monica was optimistic about getting Sunny cast for the Japanese version of the film. "Would you go with her," she asked Jane?
"Maybe. I'm going there next month. Hideki has a conference, and all the men are bringing their wives. If they can schedule the shoot for when I'm there, then sure."
"Pete, you got two choices, "said Monica, as they were preparing the next set-up. "You can take a dick in the ass, or a dildo."
"That's easy, a dildo." Darryl was asked the same question, and he answered it the same way.
William and Marty got into an argument and they began pushing and shoving each other, and before long they began wrestling and rolling on the lawn. Pete and Darryl, accompanied by Dan and Jay, followed the men as they engaged in sweaty, naked combat, whooping it up, excited to see the two muscle studs wrestling. For a change, Dan wasn't aroused; Jane had tuckered him out, but a flaccid Dan was still a gorgeous sight to behold. The same couldn't be said for Jay, who hadn't ejaculated all day, despite his scene with Sunny, and his cock was moving all over the place. When he sported a full woodie it diverted attention from his small ball sac, and nobody would think to call him a pencil-dick.
Darryl had two orgasms yesterday, and it was a lot to ask a man his age to fire off another one. His role was to be a willing recipient of some femdom action, and in the course of doing so, if his mammoth beast got aroused, and if he managed to have an orgasm, so much the better. If not, just watching it react to the abuse it got would suffice. As for Pete, he never stopped talking about how much he loves prostate massages, so a dildo in the ass was right up his alley. He'd cum without even trying, no matter what he had been doing in his room all morning with the compliant Lisa.
They were only play-acting, allegedly, but Marty and William were doing a very credible job of pretending that they were angry with the other, and their wrestling moves looked very real. Lisa and Sunny climbed out of the pool and came over to watch. They were naked and not bothered by their nudity, for they went and joined the circle of men on the lawn.
"Look at that, Jane whispered to Monica. "Two bushes. Herman does trims, you know."
"Go for the cocks," Monica instructed, "go for the muscles," to another camera. Things were getting heated. Marty and William were no longer fooling around. They were grappling with each other, trying to slam the other to the ground. Monica ordered a halt. The two men kept at it, and nobody wanted to be the one to tell them to stop, until Monica stepped in between them, and by sheer force of will got them to cease fighting.
The agitation had an unintended benefit, which was that the pause in the fighting made each man realize how silly he must have looked, and the embarrassment apparently struck them in the groin, for they both began to develop hard-ons. That made it easier for what was about to go down, for when they resumed filming William had already placed a condom over his pecker, size XXL, Marty had been greased up, and Big Bill slowly inserted his baseball bat into Marty's bunghole.
Dan and Jay stood side by side with arms locked, and the focus was on Dan's burgeoning erection, as he was starting to recover from his morning exertions. It was quite noteworthy. First it twitched, not once, but twice, sort of like an incoming wind warning of a big rain. A slow uprising followed the twitches, eventually turning into a semi-circle, a quarter-moon, an arc, and he harder it got the more Dan smiled.
Jay had remained hard, so they became, in essence, boner boys. If William and Marty were the beefcake brothers, then Dan and Jay were the boner boys, so the website would later proclaim.
Pete and Darryl stood next to each other on all fours. At the last second it was decided to use the riding crop, and Lisa swatted each man several times on the butt. "I thought you said we were getting a dildo?"
"You are, in due time, now relax. A few more smacks and you'll be ready."
"Hey, can I try that," asked Sunny, and she added her imprint on their sore cheeks.
It was Jay's turn to put on a condom, and he maneuvered Dan into position.
It was a feast for the eyes. In the center William was butt-fucking Marty, whose face grimaced with pain and pleasure. Seeing a buffed muscle dude take it in the ass was a stimulating sight; Marty had been balled by a lot of mousy wimps, as that seemed to be a popular scenario in gay porn, but rarely had he been rear-ended by a bodybuilding peer.
Jay was doing to Dan what William was doing to Marty, although with less intensity. He sensed that he blew his chance for being a Donkey Boy, and that Monica had run out of patience. He didn't know it yet, but he'd be on his way back to Los Angeles tonight. He even botched his ejaculation, not removing his condom in time, so Monica told him to drink from it.
Pete and Darryl were on all fours. Lisa had a piece of sleek fiberglass strapped on, and she was fucking Darryl, hoping that he didn't get a heart attack or something. "Reach down and grab his weenie," instructed Monica, so Lisa fondled his elongated sausage. It was big enough for her to get a good handle on it without interrupting her concentration, so she was able to fuck and fondle simultaneously.
Sunny and Pete were in the middle of a win-win situation. Pete got his prostate massage, and Sunny got to take out her frustrations. Actually she didn't have any frustrations, but she was trying to make a good impression, so she put a little extra thump into her pumping. Monica may not have wanted Pete to fuck Sunny, but she had no objection to her cramming a dildo up his butt. It made for a good visual.
William was cumming. The shield was off, and his sperm was flying up Marty Montana's back. Jay receded further into shame as The King showed how ejaculations are supposed to go down. Marty stood up and stroked his merchandise. It flopped around like a strand of spaghetti, but after a few strokes it began to look more like a strand of spaghetti that had not yet been placed into a pot of boiling water.
"Are you ready for the Marty show," he asked? He oiled up his rig and tore into William with all he had. Typical rookie mistake, William thought, they start out on fire, but burn themselves out. Lisa and Sunny stepped closer, putting themselves into the frame as the two bulked-up he-men did their best impression of sissy females. This was what porn was all about, thought Monica, really getting into watching the two men perform. Here you had the most hetero looking men on the planet, buffed, built and boned, and they were sticking their docks where they didn't belong. Their faces screamed it, their body movements suggested it, and their personas demanded it.
Darryl managed to deliver, and he came while on all fours. Lisa had been playing with his thing all the while she was banging him; she actually had it pulled backwards, so that his cock-head was facing behind him. It was an incredible arousal for him. He had the anal sensation going on, not to mention Lisa's warm, moist hand pulling on his appendage, and being on his hands and knees was comfortable and relaxing. Lisa kept bending his cock backwards, which added to the stimulation. But he was a senior citizen, and he had two orgasms yesterday, so when he announced to the world that he was cumming, he wasn't. He was having an orgasm, but very little semen could be seen. Still, it was obvious from his reactions that he really did orgasm, and the speed with which his huge pecker softened bore witness to it.
"Stay with it," Monica said to Lisa. "Keep stroking." She was familiar with hismodus operandi, and knew that he usually secreted white stuff after a small delay. Darryl did everything to prove her right, but his well really was dry. It was okay, for he exceeded expectations.
For Pete to do Sunny in front of Lisa would be a little weird, but he never got the chance, not with Monica calling the shots. Jay was ordered down on to his knees to finish him off. Naturally this did not make Pete happy, but his rock was pretty far-gone, and like it or not, a little penis sucking was destined to go a long way, regardless who delivered it. "Goddamn motherfucker, I'm gonna cum," he said, as much in embarrassment as in pride. Having Jay get him off left him feeling empty. But it was one step short of a humiliation, and he knew that there was a way back from it. Someone's cunt was going to get an extra helping of his dick tonight, and he was hoping that it belonged to his ex wife. It would be sweet revenge for all the bullshit she put him through these past two days.
There was a loud roar. Marty Montana had stood up, slipped of his condom, and shot a tremendous amount of spunk into the air. "That's what I'm talking about!" He looked quite regal when sperm was being dispensed from his cock.
All eyes were on Dan. Everyone formed a circle around him as he jerked his meat. The only consequence of his earlier dalliance with Jane was that it would take him a little longer to cum, and his output wouldn't be all that it could have been. But a diminished Dan was still worth the price of admission.
"You married the wrong person," Monica told Jane. "That's who you should have married."
"No, he makes house calls," Jane answered.
****
Sunny was taking a shower when Jane and Herman entered the room. "Lie down and pretend your asleep," she said. Jane sat by the makeup table and combed her hair, waiting for Sunny to enter the room.
"Hey look," she exclaimed, pointing to Herman.
"Jesus Christ. He nods off at the drop of a hat. Hey, I got an idea," Jane said. "Here, take a picture," and she stood over the naked young man. Jane pulled up a chair and sat down. "Are my panties showing," she asked, hiking up her skirt? Take another one," she said, "he always was a leg men."
"Hey, you take one of me," Sunny said, and she placed her face so that it was an inch from his cock, which was starting to feel the heat.
"We should post these on his Instagram page."
"He's on Instagram?"
"Oh yeah, he has a lot of followers in Japan." Herman's cock had gotten hard while all this was going on.
"I don't think he's asleep, Jane, do you?"
"I think you're right, Sunny. There's one way to tell." Jane retrieved the cock clamp from her bureau. "If he'll lets me put this clamp on his woodie, then I know he's asleep. He hates it."
At that Herman jumped out of bed and bolted from the room.