SATURDAY
After a day of shopping and sight-seeing, Carly and I put on our sexiest little black dresses and went to a nightclub. It was about midnight; the nightclub opened an hour and half ago so it was already raging. Carly was just enthralled. She stared at the dancers hanging from the ceiling, watching them twist and do acrobatics. Then she declared that she needed a drink. I went to get her one.
I came back from the bar and she asked why I didn't get one for myself.
I told her, "Ho rule #1: never buy your own drink in a place where drinks are $20 a pop. Always find a guy to do it for you."
She laughed and asked why I bought her one then. I said she needs to relax if she was going to be successful. She was nervous. Freshly divorced and single for the first time in 10 years. She needed that drink. She looked at me defiantly and drained the drink like it was a shot.
"Good girl. Now we dance," I said.
Immediately a hispanic guy came up to us. He was maybe 5'5 and I thought, mmmm, no. I politely told him I didn't want to dance with him. Carly was astonished and asked how I could be so mean.
"Again, a room full of guys I could fuck, I'm not wasting my time on that one."
"You're so mean," she replied.
"Hos aren't supposed to be nice."
Then she asked how to get a good-looking one.
I said you just approach them, say hello. But Carly wasn't comfortable starting a conversation from scratch. So I said the second tactic is to signal availability, have them approach you.
"How do you do that?" she asked.
"You make eye contact and then wink or smile at them."
I told her to watch me. I saw a halfway decent looking guy not too far away and I caught his eye, stood up straight, pushed my breasts out, and winked at him. He immediately came walking over, introduced himself. Carly was fascinated. I danced with him for a bit. When he started kissing my neck, I took a selfie with my phone and sent it to Ramoñ. He'd want to know I was getting wet. He likes to know the status of my pussy at all times.
My guy noticed Carly standing there watching us and pulled Carly over to dance with both of us at the same time. She was okay with it at first but then the guy started feeling us up. She wasn't sure about that. She told me she was going to get another drink and would be back. I said okay, we both have our phones so should let me know if she needs me.
I kept dancing with the guy and he kept getting super handsy. I was really enjoying it. I could tell he was an aggressive guy and that was making me wet. He crushed my ass into his dick and kept moaning over the music while we ground against each other. He circled his arms around my waist and pulled me in harder, kissing my neck. I turned my head and started kissing him.
He used his hand to move my dress strap out of the way so he could kiss my shoulders and when he did that my dress (which was really low-cut) exposed my breast. He groaned really loudly but moved the strap back on my shoulder. He moved his hands up from my waist to my breasts and started squeezing them outside the dress. I was getting super hot.
I pulled his hand off the outside of my dress and slipped it inside my dress. I paced it on my naked breast. He immediately crushed his face into my neck and I could hear him panting hard. He pinched my nipple, sending a shock wave through my body. He felt it and he tightened his grip on my waist.
We were grinding and my dress was creeping up my thighs as we danced. He let go of my breast and put his hand on the outside of my thigh, moving his hand up and down, gently nudging my dress further upward. His other hand was holding me tightly around the waist. He got the dress up high enough that he reached out one finger and touched my pussy through my panties. I groaned but kept a game face on so no one would know what was happening. I didn't want to get thrown out by security. We were in a crush of bodies so it's unlikely anyone could really tell as long as my face remained neutral.
He gently touched my panties a couple times and then took his hand off my waist and slipped it back into the top of my dress, pinching my nipple and squeezing my breast. I could feel his dick on my ass and it was rock hard. I opened up my legs a bit and he started rubbing my clit outside of my panties. Then I reached back and rubbed his dick a bit. He was big.
He took his hand back off my breast and put it around my waist and crushed my ass back into his dick. I reached between my legs and pulled my panties to the side, and the next time he rubbed he felt my pussy. It was dripping wet. He startled in surprise, realizing what I did, then immediately went to work on my clit.
I pulled his hand off my waist and slipped it back into my dress on my breast and he pinched my nipple and rubbed my clit until I came, right there in the middle of the dance floor. He felt me come and he immediately crushed me against his body as I rode out the orgasm.
When the orgasm subsided, he slipped his hand down to my pussy, put two fingers inside, felt how wet it was. He asked me to leave with him. I wanted to stay at the club. After all, I got what I wanted from him, so now I had to find Carly. I told him thanks for a good time and I walked away, texting Carly.
We met at the bathroom. She said she couldn't find me in all the bodies so she danced a little bit but she couldn't get up the nerve to approach a guy or wink at one. She was too nervous. She really just wanted to dance and have a guy come out of nowhere and start dancing with her. I told her that can work, but she needs sexier dance moves. A lot of hip action, a nice grind. She couldn't do it.
We went to the balcony of the nightclub. I worked my way to the front, throwing elbows until we get a good spot right on the ledge watching the dancers do their acts in the air. I was crushed next to another guy, who looked Greek.
The next thing I knew, I felt a hand on my ass. I turned, and the Greek gave me a slow smile. Pretty good looking, actually, if a little thin for my taste. I turned back to watch the dancers but I didn't move his hand off my ass. He maneuvered himself behind me, put his other hand on my ass too. I kept dancing.
I didn't make him move away but I don't encourage it either. I like being felt up and I smelled like straight sex. The Greek kept going, kissing my neck and feeling my body up. I held up my phone and took a selfie with him, sent it to Ramoñ. He loves to get pictures of me being felt up. I knew he'd want to know I was being used like a little fucktoy in public.
The Greek slipped his hands inside the top of my dress, pinching my breasts. Slipped another hand between my legs from behind, finding sopping wet panties, a souvenir from the guy on the dance floor. I let the Greek do what he wanted to me, but I didn't feel him back. Carly would have noticed if I did. As long as I was being felt up from behind, she wasn't going to notice. But Carly was getting annoyed because nobody was hitting on her, so finally I asked her if she wanted another drink and she said okay. So we walked away from the Greek.
I bought her another drink, and we left the balcony to walk around the outside area of the dance floor, where people have booths. I was standing behind a booth, my hands on the back of the booth, showing Carly how to wiggle her ass. She has a nice round ass, she should really work it better. I was doing some moves and a guy came up to me. He hooted at me.
"Want to dance?"
"Sure," I replied.
I started dancing with him but then another guy came up, tapped the guy I was dancing with on the shoulder. This new guy was maybe 6'0, with the hard body of a Thunder Down Under dancer, but probably didn't make the team because he didn't quite have a pretty enough face.
The guy I was dancing with turned around at the shoulder tap, and the new guy saw me and went, "Whoa." Then he shoved his friend out of the way, and first guy threw up his arms, as if to say, "What the hell, man?" The new guy quickly threw his hands under my ass and lifted me off the floor, throwing my legs around his waist. I involuntarily thrust my arms around his neck so I wouldn't fall. He was super aggressive. He was lifting me up and down on him as if he was fucking me in the air.
Then he dropped me onto a table so I was sitting on the edge, and he moved into me, forcing my legs open. He pushed up my chin and crushed his mouth on mine. So we're making out while I'm sitting on the table, which has become like simulating sex.
Then he grabbed my arm, pulled me off the table in one swift move, and shoved me down front-first on a table. He grabbed my hips and crushed my ass into him as if he was burying his dick inside me. He reached around my hips and felt under my dress between my legs, forcing my legs open as he went. My panties were completely soaking, largely from the orgasm I had on the dance floor but also because I like this guy's aggression level.
As soon as he felt how wet my panties were, I heard him yell "FUCK" like he was wildly frustrated that we were in public- but then he pushed my panties aside and slipped a finger into me. He slid it around in my pussy a couple times. Then I turned to him.
"You're going to need more than one finger in there if you hope to make a difference."
He looked at me dead in the eye and immediately pulled his finger out and jammed in what felt like all five of his fingers at the same time, which made me yelp.
He shoved his hand into me a few more times, then pulled them out, straightened up behind me, flipped up the back of my dress, and started wildly spanking my bare ass, completely out of nowhere. I yelped, it was so hard, and the next thing I knew security was pulling him away and tossing him out of the club, along with a bunch of his friends. My ass was raw red.
Carly was standing there with another guy who had bought me a water. I guess he assumed I must have been wildly drunk (I was sober, hadn't drank at all) and was concerned. This guy, Hank, told me he got security because the guy's friend was videotaping me on his phone while I was "dancing" with the aggressive guy. I thought to myself that somewhere, there exists video of me being finger-fucked in public. Ramoñ would love to see that.
I thanked Hank and drank the water and went back to dancing. Carly kept talking to Hank. Another guy came up to me. I assume he saw what a slut I was being, because he immediately started dancing with me. He was maybe 6', thick, but the kind of thick that looks like there is a bunch of hard muscle under it. He was mumbling a bunch of things in my ear but I couldn't understand with all the loud music. He worked his hands all over my body, at one point pulling my low-cut dress aside to kiss my breasts, but quickly, before anyone saw.
He ran his fingers up between my thighs, still mumbling things in my ear, gently caressing the outside of my panties. He pushed them aside and gently touched my clit, his other hand on my breast outside of my dress, teasing my nipple as he stroked my clit...
And then the club music went off. Lights went on. It was 4 AM, the nightclub was closing. I told the guy thanks for the action and Carly and I walked away. I texted Ramoñ my score for the night... so far. I wanted him to know how many men had put their fingers inside of me.
Carly and I walked out with Hank. When we get outside, Hank asked if the fresh air made me feel better. I was confused.
"What?"
He said he wanted to make sure I got back to my hotel safely.
"Hank, I'm completely sober. I just get off on being a whore in public," and I laughed at the expression on his face, completely shocked.
So Hank, Carly, and I walked back to the hotel together. She was clearly interested in him. She is a relationship girl, though, not a one-night-stand. It wasn't going to go anywhere.
We went to a bar. I started dancing again while Hank and Carly talked and a guy came up to me and danced with me. Maybe 5'10, decent body, semi-muscular, broad shoulders. He kissed my neck and felt me up a little but it was just dancing for the most part. He never put his hands between my legs, strange considering that by this point I smelled like pure pussy juice. I took a selfie with him, sending it to Ramoñ. I wanted to make sure he knew I was still attracting men. But soon it was time to go back to the hotel room. Our flight was in a couple hours and we had to shower and change. No time for sleep.
Ramoñ, though? He didn't sleep a wink while I was on vacation, either. He couldn't wait for me to get home so he could make me orgasm over and over again, at least once for every man I let touch my pussy. Before I left, I made sure to send him a picture of my bright red ass, covered in another man's handprints. That would have to hold him over until I got home.