So much for sleep.
Yawning quietly, Gavin Reese eased his arm out from under the spooning Asian beauty Vicki Chow. Sleeping so peacefully he didn't want to wake her. He had kept his word to come back after returning from the nightclub known as Barbarians in order to give her a promised massage. Discovering a trail of rose petals leading him to her bedroom, he found her nude atop the covers making things all the more interesting. Gentleman that he was, he kept his pants on for part of her massage. Until she woke up. From there he lost his pants and a fair amount of resistance.
Warm oil retrieved from her microwave relaxed her nerves enough to confide something she felt needed to be known, Vicki was a virgin. Somehow Gavin had already known that fact, which enforced his decision to stay as clothed as he could. Of course once she found her confidence those garments were lost. If he was ever going to officially take this Chinese Princess trust was going to lead the way. Give her time he thought. Friends even if it never happened. He was content with showing her that he cared. Of course she grew curious enough to explore his manhood. Yet, never going...all the way.
Admiring the perfection of her body, he pauses before putting his shirt on. Instead he lays it on his side of the mattress, as if he were still laying there beside her. Going a step further as inspiration struck, Gavin quietly dropped his pants, strategically placing them as well as his boxers below his polo shirt to form his body as if still there in person. It was an interesting idea. Having gone commando since first undressing earlier in the evening, he stood erect nude as he collected what was required from those jeans, namely his wallet, and keys. His cellphone was back at his apartment charging. That was the one thing he did manage to achieve in his snockered state last night. Vicki Chow would wake up and feel his presence even though he was gone. Smart man Gavin Reese.
Tiptoeing out as he had entered, barefoot, he latches her front door with a gentle closure, heading downstairs to the second floor. Midway down the flight of steps he hears another door open and close. From Regina's apartment crept the stunning yet wild haired Ivy Dalton carrying her heels in hand. Half dressed herself, her blouse wide open and braless, her micro mini skirt barely covering mid ass cheek, she hadn't heard Gavin's descent. The last he had seen her she and Regina were 69 on his sofa. It was pretty obvious they had taken things elsewhere.
Clicking Regina's door Ivy turns toward the stairs to discover Gavin leaning proudly on the bannister in all of his well hung glory. Dick loud and proud his voice caught her unaware in her tired state.
"Ain't we a pair?"
Freezing to look up at Gnarly she absorbs the length and girth of the man's amazing penis. Poising an eyebrow at him she smiles breath held as if being caught. Maybe she was.
"I didn't know that you prowled the halls so...freely." She releases a deafening exhale, her eyes locked on to his cock. Shaking it off she aims for an admission of guilt. "I'm sorry if you felt cheated by us. I didn't realize you had even left. Regina...is something."
"That she is. You two had things covered 69 different ways so I let you keep on counting. It's all good. I realized I had made a promise to someone anyway. I try and keep those whenever I can."
"I...see." Her gaze again lowers to his wagging beast. He knew very well where her inner thoughts were. She was regretting what she had missed out on. So was he. Her nipples were so rock hard that even her areolas had a ring of excitement. "In that case...promise me a raincheck."
"I can do that." He winks with dedication. It wasn't as if she saw it though. Her eyes were studying every single contour, vein, even the coloration of his shaft. Finally she puffs her cheeks and makes one last admission. "Dammit Gnarly."
"Walk you out?" He ventured from his leaning post and watched as her eyes followed every sway of his beastly attributes as if being stalked. That would be a pretty good assumption...if either of them had the time.
"Like...that?"
"Of course I like that. " He chuckles faintly, "Oh, you meant me. I need a shower before work. Care to join me?"
"I...wish I had more time. Good lord Gnarly." Understanding her reluctance to accept he steps up chest to abs with the brunette, and gallantly reaches in to button her blouse. She studies his gorgeous eyes a moment before lowering her gaze to his fingers, which were carefully buttoning her up. She shivered at his cock rubbing up against her skirt. "You make leaving very hard."
"Raincheck's been promised. I'll honor it when you and I can find the time. Maybe after work sometime this week. Not like I won't see you at Barbarians."
"What about Crystal?"
"What about Blue? She knows I'm not looking for anything steady. I want my career to get off the ground before ever committing to any one girl. All i can offer is..."
"Accepted." Her free hand reaches up to grip his girth. "Sorry I couldn't resist."
"There. Now you look a bit more presentable." He ignores her grasp as he straightens her collar.
Lifting up on her toes she kisses him on the cheek. As she lowers she releases his cock with a sigh. "Gotta do it Gnarly." She fidgets her lips before kneeling down to kiss the crown of his monstrosity. Not even the scent of dried cum bothered her.
"Only mine in case you're wondering. I put my client to sleep massaging her."
"I'll take one of those."
"There's a massage therapist in the brownstone. I haven't met her yet. I can hook you up." He grins.
"Ohhh no. Only those hands will tenderize this luscious body." She rises smiling mischievously. "Well, maybe Regina's. I really have to go Handsome. Still walking me out?" She drops her shoes to step into them using Gnarly's muscular chest to hold her balance.
"After you G.I. Jane."
"Cute. I've heard that Demi Moore lookalike comment my entire life. At least I don't have her gravelly voice." She twists in step and heads toward the back entrance of the parking lot. On the way out the door she felt compelled to explain her reason for leaving. "I take care of my Grandmother in the early morning hours to give my Mom a break. Grandma partially raised me while my parents travelled. I owe her. Otherwise, I'd be showering with you right now."
"I can respect that. Shows good upbringing. Family is important." He walks awkwardly over the gravel following her to her car. As she unlocks it Gavin opens the door for her.
"I agree. Thanks for understanding. Wait, you don't start at Barbarians until Monday right?" She stands inside her opened car door.
"Monday yes. I start my part time job at a record store called Pinky Floyd's uptown. I now have three part time jobs. I also start working with a local band on Saturday driving and setting up for them."
"Sounds fun. I wish I didn't have to work Saturday night or I'd join you. That is if you would want the company."
"There's always another gig, and you'd be more than welcome to tag along."
"Good luck today." She sighs daring to check his cock out one last time. "Shouldn't you be getting back inside before someone sees you streaking?" Her eyes just could not stop staring at it. He could read her thoughts struggling over her desires.
"Probably. I'll get there." He winks.
"Uggggggh! Fuck it. Just give me a taste of that damn thing." She tosses her purse with her bra sticking up from the pouch into the passenger seat. Hands free she lifts her micro mini skirt up to her waist and ventures to peel her thong down over her hips and thighs. Gavin shakes his head at her struggle. At her knees she nearly loses her balance and falls sideways into Gavin. Catching her he removes her hands from the G-string and twists her on her heels to face her cars back drivers side fender well. Her hands planted on the car he moves in for the kill. A carefully aligned crown presses up into her tight little clam from behind. A loud gasp leads to a very verbal, "WHY DIDN'T I JUST DO YOU LAST NIGHT? Hit it for a few minutes."
"Naaaa!" He pulls out slowly as she whines at his departure. With a swift slap to her ass to bring about a warm smile he informs her of priorities. "Your Grandma's waiting. Just tell her you made a new friend."
"FUCK! You're right, I'm being selfish. You better keep your promise because I want that all night long." She trembles bending to pull her thong back up into place. Once her skirt covers her up she fans her face with her fingers. "
"Keep both those hands on the wheel going home." He chuckles, "10 and 2."
"No way. My 2:00 is going to be a little busy. Thanks."
"You asked for it. Just don't swerve into the other lane."
"I think I did last night. For the record? I've never been with another woman before Regina. I liked it a lot. BUT..." Her gaze drops to his dangling beast, "I like that bad boy even more." She sits in her drivers seat pointing at his cock. Stepping back he shuts the door and leans inside to kiss her on the lips. His lips took her breath away. Lingering for a minute to let her emotions absorb his tenderness he stands up and pats her car doors side.
"Give Grandma my best."
"Not your type trust me."
Laughing Gnarly took his leave. As did Miss Dalton.
Entering the brownstone Gnarly retraced his steps toward his apartment. Passing by Crystal Balou's abode he hesitated long enough to listen for life within, but heard nothing. Hopefully she was resting peacefully. Reaching his own door he prepares to twist the knob when he hears the door behind him rattle open. Leering over his shoulder he discovers the ever lovely Colombian goddess Isabella Alcadore in lacey red bra and panties. Eyes connecting, she puts an index finger to her lips to silent him as she eases her door shut.
"Good morning Maestro." Her whispers sweet as honey, her smile beguiling.
"Morning Izzy. You're up early."
"Who can sleep for the snoring." She frowns.
"Huh! I didn't notice Blake's car outside."
"Oh, Senor Blake is not here. I...how you say? Babysit Senorita Blue."
"Crystal's in your apartment?"
"Si. She have very bad nightmare...come sleep with me."
"No shit?"
"No smelly." She goofily waves her hand under her nose.
"She come knock on your door?"
"Nada. I hear her scream through the wall. She come to your door but you no home. I take her in."
"Poor kid. I was upstairs with Vicki." He fidgets for a breath then adds, "Listen, I need to grab a shower and get dressed. I start my part time job this morning. Can you keep her company until I..."
"No need." Isabella's door opens wide and Crystal steps into view wearing nothing but her Chicago Cubs sleeping jersey. "I'm fine. Rough night is all, thanks for being there for me Isabella." Blue hugs the brunette respectfully.
"I am here if you need me Senorita Blue. You have mean Roy, I have mean Blake. We look out for each other, no?"
"H-how do you know about Roy?"
"You scream out his name from your home. Talk in your sleep in my bed. I hold you until you stop."
"Sorry about that."
"You also talk about Maestro." Izzy winks toward Gavin.
"Don't go reading into my dreams." Blue points at Gavin then realizes something, "Why are you naked out in the hallway?"
"I missed you, what can I say?" He smirks at Crystal, "You too Izzy." Stepping into his apartment he leaves the door open. He was curious to know if either of them would follow him inside. Not this time. Gnarly Reese showered alone.
Drying off fifteen minutes later he did discover a pleasant surprise. While in the shower someone had entered his bedroom and planted a beautiful red and white kimono style robe on one side of his bed. On a pillow rested a rose petal.
"Nice comeback Vic."
With her nowhere in sight he left the garment in place and got dressed for work. His attire was pretty standard going to work for a record store. Black jeans and a vintage Mudvayne t-shirt was as good as it got, outside of dress boots. Floyd had told him to blend in. Close enough he thought. While pinning his long hair back into a ponytail he pondered his wardrobe in the mirror.
"Maybe I'll get on EBay and buy me up a couple classic band shirts to humor Floyd. I can hear the beatnik grumbling already. Who or what is a Mudvayne?" He chuckled. After grabbing a drink of water he slapped on some studly cologne. "Looking sharp Buddy. Smelling even better." Snatching up his car keys, wallet, and fully charged cell he headed out the door.
In his hurry he turns from locking up directly into a familiar face.
"Hey stranger." Spoke up a gorgeous blond wearing clothes befitting a ranch hand. Complete with a cute Stetson cowboy hat atop her head.
"Sam...how you been?"
"Great. Heading out for another fun filled day of grooming horses and cleaning stalls." She captures a whiff of his cologne and offers an, "Mmmm! I know I won't smell that good by days end."
"I can believe that. Wish I had more time, I'd save you a bus ride. New job in 40 minutes and I got no clue what morning traffic has in store."
"Thought that counts Handsome. I usually set my cell alarm and nap on the bus anyway." She turns on her heel to head out the front entrance, then stops to add to the conversation. He had been eying her tight jeans. "Oh! Nice touch with the butt plug. Beth's swimming in tips. Guys are getting a lil' handy but she's loving it. Maybe I should invest in one and let you install it."
"So you can get tips from Off track betters?"
"Yeaaaah! Might not do so well at the stables."
"Bound to be a handsome Jocky out there. Of course, unless you're on all fours they might need a step ladder to mount you."
"All fours for you Big Boy. Just say the word."
"What's the word?" He winks.
"Giddy up! Gotta go Stud Horse. Come up and see us sometime."
"Soon as I get a good handle on my new job schedules I'll do that. Three jobs now. Four if you count helping out Naomi."
"Busy man. Holler if you need help. Bye Gnarlyhorse." The blond nearly trips over her own feet on the way out the door. Gavin nods his goodbye and tries not to laugh as the door gets in her way. Regardless, he continued to admire those second skin jeans.
"No backwards Cowgirl 'til I whistle. Later Filly." Turning away from her clumsy embarrassment he left her to envision that exact deed. It would be all that Samantha Kinner thought about the rest of the day. Yeehaw!
The drive through the city was as horrible as Gavin imagined it might be. People going to work just as he was doing congested the streets. Even in bypassing the interstates he seemed to hit every stoplight between point A and point B. His thirty five minute commute ended up being fifty minutes. Not the start of a good first day impression. Reaching the closest pay parking lot in the vicinity he literally snatched up the last vacant spot. Locking up his Jeep he took a stroll past a small Attendant's booth, recalling that last time he parked here, there was an older Indian man running the lot. Not today.
"Good morning." Waved a young Hindi woman with long straight black hair. She wore a white hoodie with the Chicago White Sox logo on it, over black leggings. She stood just outside the booth stretching as if yoga light. Her body was shockingly lithe and tight.
"Beautiful day." Gnarly smiled with a respectful nod, "What happened to the old guy who ran the lot last time I was here?"
"It is Grandfather's day off. I work on Wednesday and Friday." She stops stretching to pick up a bottle of Windex and a roll of paper towels resting on the ground next to her. Spritzing the glass she tears a few towels off to begin cleaning. She notes Gavin's reflection checking her backside out as she wipes the cleaning fluid away. Eyes bright she bends over intentionally to spray lower panels of glass. Still he stood rubbing his chin at her beauty. She finally twists to look back at him. "You may continue ogling me."
"Ogling?" He chuckles and slightly blushes, "I guess I was...am. First day on the new job. Running late as it is but...I wouldn't have missed you for the world."
"World traveler I see. You see that is." She giggles with a beguiling set of big brown orbs that flirt heavily.
"Site worth seeing. Might need to buy a postcard."
"Perhaps a picture before you retire today."
"Works for me. My name is Gnarly by the way." He walks backwards a few feet then stops. "If you get a break for lunch I'll be down the street at Pinky Floyd's."
"I go in there quite often in search of songs that I might learn."
"Oh yeah? Hobby or do you sing?"
"My Poppah calls me his little parakeet. Yes I love to sing. My dream is to be in a band."
"Nice! Same here Parakeet. I play guitar, mostly metal."
"It is my great pleasure to meet you Gnarly. My name is Bali, like the island where my parents first met."
"Bali...that's beautiful. So are you, if you don't mind my saying so."
"You may say. Many times in fact." She snickers.
"Stop in later I'll help you search for some good albums." He looks at his watch gritting his teeth, "I hate to flirt and run but I gotta go. Keep my Jeep safe."
"I will even wash your windows." She lifts the Windex bottle and roll of towels. "Enjoy your first day."
"If I'm not fired for being thirty minutes late." One last wave and Gavin sprints across the street. She watches him all the way down the block, circling in step at how cute he was. Yep! Smitten.
A brisk walk to the record store led Gavin past a T-shirt Shop. Spotting shirts sporting logos for rock bands he stops cold to catch what he could in thirty seconds. In the process he locates something just as mesmerizing. Through the old showroom window he observes a slim young woman with short red hair and very fine freckles. Like Bali earlier this girl wore black leggings with a low waistline to express her tummy. To assist in the visual her yellow t-shirt's hem rode extraordinarily high over her ribs, yet covering her smaller breasts easily. Belly button bling attracted him instantly. She certainly was curvy.
The beauty was putting a shirt similar to her own over the body of a bustier female mannequin. Something about her glued him to the sidewalk, late for work or not. Squinting against the glare on the glass window he attempted a better look at both the girl and the shirt she was dressing the mannequin in. Catching on to her audience the girl sheepishly smiles back at Gavin. Stepping aside she poses as a gameshow girl fanning both arms at the shirt model as if saying A BRAND NEW CAR. He had to pucker and offer a wink.
Straining to read the words on the shirt Gnarly frowned unable to read it. The girl realizing his inability moves behind the mannequin and lifts it up to carry it closer to him. Her hands went up underneath the shirt palming its artificial breasts in transit. Once she realizes her unintentional groping she laughs with a cute blush of shyness.
Gnarly reads the shirt as saying GOT MILK? Rolling his eyes at the simplicity of it he pelts his temple and shakes his head. She waves him in hoping to speak with him but Gavin, although wanting to, knew he needed to get moving. With a point at his wristwatch and walking fingers he offers a pouty expression. A point toward Pinky Floyd's followed by air guitar motions, she gets the idea. In a bizarre move she lifts both of her hands enacting the Devil's horns salute and wags her tongue like a lizard. He was impressed. She followed that move by standing behind the mannequin and lifting the shirt up to reveal the mannequin's plastic breasts. Her chin on the headless mannequin made it appear as if she were the one flashing him. With a thumbs up grin he regretfully points away and leaves her behind. Sad, she went back to work. He knew he would be back.
Entering Pinky Floyd's with a front door jingle, Gavin finds Floyd in his tiny cubicle office toward the back. Lingering in the doorway Gnarly apologized.
"Trust me I'll be leaving an hour early tomorrow. Still not used to Chicago traffic. Sorry I'm late Floyd."
"I'll cut you some slack this time. Pinky's later than you are." Floyd eyes Gavin's shirt, "Who or what is a Mudvayne?"
Laughing Gavin admitted, "I just knew you were gonna say that. They're a Peoria Illinois band. Half the members moved on to another band called Hellyeah. Awesome bands. Sorry my wardrobe doesn't include any classics. Thought I might look online for a few vintage tees after I get a few paychecks under my belt."
"Don't sweat it Hippy. I'm just glad you showed up. Jobs like this don't pay much, so it's hard keeping help. Pinky tells me you're the new roadie for her band. I guess that screws me on weekends." He scowls rolling his eyes.
"You close up by 5:00 right? If I have to work I'll just head straight to Ginger's and load up. Better yet I'll load up the night before so the bus is ready to go when I get there."
"Schaumberg traffic after 5:30 is gridlock. Don't be a putz. You can work from open until 2PM on any night the girls have gigs. I'll swing in to take over and close up."
"Sounds like a plan. Thanks Floyd."
"I'm not doing it for you Guitar Pick. I'm doing it for my granddaughter. I know how handsy those metal guys get after the girls rile them up. You should know."
"Yeah, girls used to rush the stage after the show asking me to autograph their body parts." Gavin chuckles, "Not really. I did carry a pen in my pocket just in case though."
"That's not what I meant you moron. I don't want my sweet little Pinky molested. With Sasquatch to watch over her I'll feel a lot better about it." Floyd points at Gavin directly.
"You calling me Sasquatch?"
"If the size 14 shoe fits Asswipe."
"He's calling me Bigfoot." Gavin ponders aloud, "Footlong maybe."
"Don't make me regret hiring you Pervert."
"Floyd let's be honest here. I think you have more to worry about Pinky being the molester than the molested."
"Fuck you! You're fired."
"You know I'm right."
"Fuck you! You're rehired. Of course I know my granddaughter's nasty habits. She's in a band that might as well be called the BJ's. I'm not stupid Kid. Just keep her out of trouble for me."
"Now that I'll even promise you."
Studying Gnarly's sincerity Floyd nods and changes the subject. "You know how to use a cash register? Credit card transactions? No checks they bounce more than my wife's tits. Those mammies are huge too."
"Not much experience but I'm a fast learner. I got this Floyd just show me the ropes. I can wing it with the best of them."
Floyd poses a finger swiftly, "What classic band member had a side band called Wings?"
"One of the Beatles wasn't it? Man, I need to break out my Trivial Pursuit Rock Edition when I go home to visit."
"Close enough it was Paul McCartney. You have potential. I might even challenge you to a game of Trivial Pursuit, I own that edition." He grins. "Oh! When I say protect my Pinky from guys...that means you too."
Gnarly flashes back to the night he partied with the band at Ginger's home Marilyn Mansion. Not just Pinky but all four members of Milkbone had gotten Gavin naked. Although he only had full on sex with Jezebelle James, the bands drummer, he did indeed snuggle up to Pinky and Deekoi. He kept that bit of info to himself.
"I'll do my best Floyd. I can't speak for Pinky though."
"You're fuckin' naïve Pretty Boy. I'm just busting your chops. I know the kid better than anyone. She's easy. Gossip Queen too. I heard all about you and the band over at their HeShe Manager's house. At least you didn't do the..."
"Slow it down Floyd. Let's not say anything you'll regret later."
"What? Bend my granddaughter over? I appreciate that."
"Oh, I thought you meant...where is Pinky anyway?"
"Didn't you hear her Harley pull up out back? I guess all that headbanging must have made you as deaf as that gal down at the t-shirt joint."
Hearing the comment made Gnarly wince, "The redhead? She's deaf?"
"Good girl though. Her name's Katrina. She lost her hearing at a metal show."
"You're an asshole Floyd."
"Am I? Never heard that about me before. If I'm such an asshole why do I let her rent that store for next to nothing? I own this entire side of the block."
"Wow! Pretty insensitive to her handicap though."
"Oh yeah?" To his surprise Gnarly watches Floyd display sign language like a pro, so fast and authentic Gnarly began to believe it.
"I'm afraid to ask...what was all that?"
"I said...Katrina's my niece. Pinky's cousin on her Mom's side. I also said hands off my niece if you ever wanna play guitar again."
"Damn! Can I get my first and final paycheck now?"
"Chillax Hippy. I'm only hard on ya, because I like ya."
"I couldn't tell."
"Do what you want Kid. At my age I couldn't stop ya if I tried. Bad ticker." Floyd lifts his Creedence Clearwater Revival tee to show off scars on his chest. "Pacemaker. Sorry no microwave on the premises to heat your lunches. As if I give you a lunch break anyway."
Astonished by Floyd's back and forth Jekyll and Hyde routine, he hears the back door open then close. Instead of commenting on past surgeries, Gnarly merely pats his chest and offers up, "Glad you're still rockin'."
"Me too Hippy. Me too."
Without another word exchanged their attention strays toward the clatter of heels on the concrete floor of the back room. Floyd knew by the sound of her shoes that Pinky was in hoochie mode. Grimacing at Gnarly's eager expression he concluded that the guy was needing Pinky to avoid him. Kids these days.
A curtain cloaking the back room rips wide and the Diva of the day makes her presence known. Halting in her tracks she holds her temple as if battling a headache. The merest squeak of the curtain sliding on a metal rod made her miserable. At least she looked nice.
Wearing a white micro mini skirt that clung to her lithe curves, and a pink bikini top, Floyd had her attire pegged before she even stepped in. Studded pink leather wristbands, and a matching choker complimented what little she had on. The dark sunglasses should have been a telltale sign when worn indoors. Gnarly begins to say "Good morning," but her left hand posed in front of him to silence his first syllable. Passing them while staggering slightly, she heads to the restroom.
"Hangover." Floyd leans toward Gnarly whispering, "Seen it a million times, never misses a day of work though God love her."
"At least you didn't say Pinky's the blind one in the family." Gavin smirks teasing Floyd over what he had said earlier about Katrina's deafness.
"I still have time to fire you. Besides even if she was blind, she'd find your pecker in a heartbeat."
"You're too much Floyd."
"WILL YOU ASSHOLES PLEASE STOP YELLING."
"That had to hurt." Gavin winced.
"I'll let you train with her. I'm going to Starbucks until she purges her demons. Be back in an hour. Don't let me get robbed blind while I'm gone."
"So I'm her seeing eye dog then?"
"All yours Rover."
"Thanks." Gnarly rolls his eyes as Floyd passes in front of the restroom quietly. He no more than slid by than she flushed the toilet, washed her hands and stepped out. Like a zombie she hobbled toward the front counter hissing as the back door slammed making her grab her head.
"FUCK!" She finishes her trek behind the counter and takes a seat on the sole barstool behind it. Flopping forward with her face in her hands, she leans on her elbows for support. Gnarly crept toward her worried that she was going to snap at him if he uttered a word. He decided to risk it and be somewhat supportive.
"Ever think your yelling can't be of any help to that hangover?"
"Rough night." She sighs and keeps her head low, "I see you didn't stand us up."
"How can you see in those cheap sunglasses to notice I'm even here?"
"I smelled sexy. It sure wasn't my Gramps."
"Must be my cologne. Hot date last night?"
"Hot date? What date?" She grumbles, "Sheesh!" She sits upright and flutters her fingers over her upper body, "Who stand's this up? Look at my rockin' body. FUCK HIM!"
"Who are we cussing out?" Arms folded, he listens to her vent.
"Rankin McCray. Lead guitar for a local band called Stutter. It took him four months to ask me out, then didn't even bother to call and cancel."
"Stutter? Seriously? Who in their right mind names their band Stutter? This morning is just full of physical handicaps. Deaf, blind, now a stutter."
"I know r-r-right." She aims for a laugh but grits her teeth instead. Composing herself Pinky continues, "So anyway I went over to Deidre's...Deekoi. Your nickname for her is growing on me. We got blitzed and high as a kite. I'm paying for it now."
"That it? No naming dildos after rock bands?" He chuckles.
"Yeah! We double dildoed and called it the Thompson Twins. They sure filled the Gap." She smiled for a moment but it faded fast.
"Wow! I haven't heard of those guys since I was a teenager. Nice comeback. You, not them. I actually remember that song the Gap."
"Sounded like a good idea, but naaaa! We just sat and talked all night. Jotted down a few lines for a new song on a paper towel. Blew my nose on it and burnt it with a lighter."
"Wow! Need me to get you an aspirin, shot of Tequila, or something?"
"I need something stiffer than that Roadie." She stretches her right arm out and pats his crotch.
"Now, now!" He sighs and steps back a bit.
"Right now!" She follows him nearly falling from the barstool, yet manages a good grip over his bulge. It was enough to crease his brow at the discomfort.
"Wrong liquor cabinet Priscilla."
"At least he hasn't stood me up. I can feel him growing."
Brushing her hand away he guides her back on to the stool and rubs her shoulders from behind. She enjoyed the relaxation of his tender grip. In his balancing act to keep her aloft, she suddenly resists and stands up, hurling the barstool to her left. With it still in the way she reaches behind her and hikes her skirt up over her bare ass, trying her darndest to rub her butt over his crotch. All he could do was roll his eyes and avoid her advances.
"Nice as that ass is Pinky, I'm not fucking you on the job."
"Buzzkill! Massage my shoulders more Roadie. HA! Roadie and buzzkill...Roadkill."
"You're hilarious." He holds her aloft with one hand and bends over to pick up the barstool to stand it back up. While leaning over she brushes her butt across his face. Laughing she nearly loses balance yet again.
"You know you want that." She persists until he stands erect and forces her down on to the seat.
"Never said I didn't. Just not today, and not on the job." He notices activity outside the store, "Might wanna pull that skirt down I think we have a customer or two."
"I'm good. Keep squeezing." She sighs leaving her skirt high and her legs spread wide. Only a glass counter with memorabilia masked her thighs.
"Alright. It's your store. Might as well live up to your nickname and show off some pink."
"My thoughts exactly." She rubs her pussy a bit as two men enter. They looked like the college type, dressed preppy and appearing well mannered. They smiled toward Gnarly and Pinky before moving along to search through the record bins. As Gavin continued his massage Pinky lost all motor skills in her tension relieved state. Even her hands collapsed to her side. For a second Gnarly thought that she had fallen asleep.
Leaning forward over her shoulder to check on her Pinky catches him off guard and licks his cheek. Before he could react one of the men stepped up to the counter to ask their assistance.
"You wouldn't by chance know if you have any Cream?"
"Working on it." Pinky smirks her fingers returning to her pussy right in front of him. He of course didn't have a direct eye sight of her mischief at first, merely wincing at her reply. Suddenly, the man notices her masturbating through the glass counter and flares his eyes. Gnarly hadn't noticed her masturbating fingers until he followed the man's lingering gaze.
"I...I...I really like the band Cream."
"Me too." She moaned softly lifting her shades to wink at him. Her mood instantly changed and she pulls away from Gnarly's grasp, standing up to tug her skirt down. "You ruined it at the stutter. Try looking under the letter C. Clapton starts with a letter C too."
"Pinky?" Gavin aimed to control her attitude.
"Sorry dude." She hisses lowering her glasses again, "Bad night. Worse morning. I'll be in back Roadie. Figure it out until Gramps gets back." Abandoning Gavin she struts through the store with half of her ass cheeks hanging out. Both men drooled at every wiggle. Gnarly rubbing the back of his neck enjoyed the view as well. Professionalism took over the second she closed the curtain.
"She's hot as fuck." The guy hanging back muttered aloud.
Gavin nodded in agreement, "You fellas should see her on stage."
"Stripper?" The guy at the counter brightens up.
"Most likely. She's in a metal band." Gnarly points out a flyer in the window by the front entrance. "Her band's called Milkbone. They're playing in Naperville Saturday night. Drop out and support the girls."
"Right on." The guy closest to him grins.
"Let's search for Cream." Gavin stepped out to assist them in their search, locating three albums. Ready to purchase them Gnarly figured out the register and the taxation. Luckily, the guys both knew how to run a cash register. The three of them laughed about being thrown to the wolves.
He knew that even if the guys didn't like metal music, just seeing four hot girls posing on a flyer might get them to attend. Spotting more loose flyers on the counter he slid one into their bag. Thanking them, the men bumped his knuckle out of friendship and took their leave. Once gone Gavin peeled another flyer up for a closer look.
"Yep! Might as well be strippers." Not one of the band members had much clothing on. Having never officially heard the girls he really did hope they weren't just being eye candy. He knew Mavis played a mean guitar, and Jezebelle stormed on drums, but he hadn't been all that privy to Dee or Pinky. Faith kept him smiling.
Manning the store alone grew boring fast. He considered checking on Pinky but was afraid that she might attack him in back. Better he kept his distance and not let his desires rule him. Those desires were about to be tested.
Reading a popular metal magazine to kill the time, he heard the front door bell ping. Things were about to get interesting. Three rather young looking girls entered, all wearing Catholic schoolgirl uniforms. Two were Asian, the third Caucasian with long brunette hair. All three of them had their manes pinned up in pigtails. Filing in as if robots they cluster side by side in front of the counter facing Gavin. Whispering amongst themselves and acting shy he felt obligated to ask..."Help you ladies?"
Saying nothing they stare at him innocently. Standing up straight to attempt an understanding the trio join forces with a single voice.
"WE'RE JAILBATE."
Taken back by their introduction he found himself speechless.
"I am Pooki." Offered one of the Asian girls.
The white girl added her own intro, "I'm Gidget."
"I'm Ho Nee." The second Asian cutie pie smiled with a soft sincerity. Gnarly found himself mesmerized by the girls expression. Did she just say she was horny? In his mind he rambled, "Jailbait. Jailbait. Jailbait. Do NOT get erect." Surely it was his imagination right?
"I'm Gnarly. Ummm! Can I help you find anything in particular?"
As if a well oiled machine the girls step forward against the counter and leer over it at Gavin's crotch. Pitch perfect they vocally unite to say, "We know what we want."
Eyebrows rising he chuckles awkwardly and submits to sweating bullets. The trio were exquisite in every way. Their on key tone would have made a Priest hard, even if he preferred boys. Studying them in their exploration of his body parts they blow bubbles with their chewing gum.
Finally, Gidget reaches to his right and taps the flyers of various bands alongside that of Pinky's band Milkbone. Following her finger after a swift glance down her tightly pressed cleavage he pauses to read.
"Ohhh...you're Jailbate."
"That is what we said." Pooki tilts her head scowling.
"Sorry I guess I didn't notice your bands logo before now. Nice! Gotcha."
"No. We got you." Ho Nee wrinkles her nose at him.
Gidget winces playfully at him, "Don't lie, you got rock hard when we said we were Jailbate."
"Yeah, well you lost me at Jail." He smirks, "What brings you in?"
"Pinky around?" Ho Nee looks over the store finding it empty.
"Back room nursing a hangover. You all friends of Pinky?"
"She used to be our lead singer. We wanted her to hear our new single in person." Gidget reveals a disc from her jacket pocket.
"That's awesome. Sit pretty I'll go..." Before he could finish his sentence Floyd returns through the front door cutting him off. Gnarly paused to see his reaction, watching as Floyd stretches his arms wide with a sly grin.
"There's my little Angels."
"GRAMPA!" The trio unite as one voice again. Even Gavin had to admit it was cute as hell. Observing the girls race into his embrace, they cling to him tightly. Crushing breasts against him Floyd expressed an evil grin and stuck his tongue out at Gavin. He rubs it in just for Gnarly's amusement.
"Who wants a lollipop?"
"WE DO!" They join forces hopping in step, their tits brushing all over Floyd. He was hamming it up.
"I think I have one here in my pants pocket somewhere."
All three girls paw up his khaki pants in search of the elusive sucker. Gnarly rolled his eyes at their feigned naivety. No way were they really falling for that trick.
"WE CAN'T FIND THE LOLIPOP."
"Ohhh, that's right. I gave it to Gnarly over there. I think he put it in his pocket for later."
As their eyes lock on to Gavin he bulges his eyes. Without a second to retaliate the girls storm the counter. Gidget and Pooki racing around the counter, while Ho Nee actually hops up on the glass and whips her legs over to dangle on the other side. Gavin caught a glimpse of a really hairy bush. Once spotted he just knew none of them had panties on.
"Hold up now." Gavin found hands grabbing his dick. Their giggles definitely had an effect on his mounting size. Laughing hysterically Floyd grabbed his chest feigning a heart attack.
"CCR needs CPR." He refers to his Creedence Clearwater Revival t-shirt.
Wrestling with the girls Gnarly couldn't refuse a few laughs himself. The girls had their kiddy act down to a science. Finally, as he succumbs to their hands they hear a loud voice joining them.
"For God's sake! Give Babymetal back their uniforms before there's a lawsuit."
"PIIIIIIINNNNNKKKKYYY!" The girls abandon Gavin without so much as a glance. Pinky found herself swarmed with hugs and wet kisses. She had to endure their excitement with a strained expression.
"Quiet the riot already, my brain's bursting."
"We want you to be the first to hear our new single." Gidget again lifts the cd.
"You sluts got studio recording time? Who did you have to fuck to get that?"
"My dad is Yakuza." Pooki bluffs toward Gnarly.
"Bullshit!" Pinky scowls, "Her parents own a dry cleaners. You're not even Japanese bitch."
"He still paid for our session."
"Let's hear it." Floyd found himself curious, "What's the song called?" Gnarly seemed awestruck by everything.
Gidget gravitates her hands to unite voices once more as if a choreographer. Once prepared the threesome belt out, "WE WANT DICK."
The entire room froze in time as their words were processed. During the silence Ho Nee shuffles over to Gavin and palms his cock nodding with lust in her eyes. Pinky lifts her shades atop her hair and smiles devilishly, "I want dick too." A fast snatch of the cd from Gidget's fingers Pinky took a stroll behind Gnarly, patting his ass on her way to a cd player on a wall shelf. Gavin swallowed and removed Ho Nee's hand with a strict point for her to behave. She pouted like a child and stomped her right foot on the floor.
Hitting the play button Pinky takes a seat back on the barstool as Gavin moves in beside her leaning on the counter. Floyd on the outside counter also leaning. Pooki and Gidget swept in behind Floyd hugging him from the side. Ho Nee awkwardly tried nudging herself up under Gavin's arm. Shaking his head he finally submits and pulls her to his hip. She whispered, "Meow."
A shrill drum roll feeds the air, followed by a deep foreboding wail of a bass guitar. So far so good Gavin puckered in thought. Waiting for the words led to an instrumental hiatus long enough for the girls to yell, "WE SO HORNY. FUCK WE HORNY." Biting their nails at Floyd and Gavin the girls listen to the blistering symphony of destruction that followed the verse.
Gnarly continued to be impressed with the guitar riffs, being a guitarist himself he appreciated talent. Unsure who played what instrument he merely stood idle absorbing it. It was obvious that Gidget was the frontwoman, her voice hungry to stimulate her audience.
"TOUCHING OURSELVES UNTIL WE MOAN. LOOK DADDY, LOOK DADDY, WE SHAVED FOR YOU BEFORE YOU GOT HOME." Gavin was afraid to laugh. Pinky winced at the words of the song. Floyd shrugged and appeared to like it.
Gidget's voice had a balance of seductiveness along with a raspy growl, "SILKY SMOOTH, TOUCH IT, TOUCH IT, WAITING FOR A KISS. FRENCH IT, FRENCH IT, t, WAG YOUR FLEUR-DE-LIS." That verse made Pinky give them a queer expression. She kept her words to herself though.
"Who play's what?" Gavin felt compelled to learn.
"Bass." Pooki raises her hand.
"Lead G." Ho Nee hugs his arm staring up at him batting her eyelashes.
Gidget confessed to, "Lead vocals and drums."
Listening further without interruption the vocals go deadly, "WATCH US. WATCH US. FINGERS IN OUR HOLES. THUMBS UP OUR ASSES WHILE YOU WHACK YOUR MOLES."
"Seriously?" Was all that Pinky could offer.
"WHINE LIKE A PUPPY. PURR LIKE A KITTY. CHASE OUR TAILS WHILE WE LOOK PRETTY."
"Wow." Pinky adds.
"CLIMAX. CLIMAX. EYES IN IMAX. YOU KNOW YOU WANNA FUCK US. JUICY! JUICY! CAN YOU FEEL OUR LUST?"
Hesitantly, Gnarly shakes his head puzzled by their need to write such trash. As he mulls it over Ho Nee whispers in his ear, "I'm really wet."
"Nice to know."
"RUSH US. CRUSH US. RAM IT IN HARD. HIT IT. HIT IT. BALLS DEEP TEARING US APART."
"Daaamn!" Pinky leers over at Gavin.
"My virgin ears are bleeding." Floyd sighs not favoring the explicit lyrics.
"That mean you just lost your virginity?" Gavin chuckles.
"Bite me Hippy."
"I'll bite you." Ho Nee begs Gavin who pats her shoulder to calm down.
"ANKLE EARRINGS. DEEPER. DEEPER. OUR SCREAMS PIERCING. SLOPPY PUSS. SLOPPY PUSS. MAKING A MESS. MORE. MORE. WE LOVE SEX."
Laughter could no longer be contained.
"SWOLLEN CLIT. LUBRICATING SPIT. FUCK OUR TINY ASSES. SPANK US RAW. GRIP OUR JAW. MAKE US BATT OUR LASHES...EYES ROLLED BACK. TALK YOUR SMACK. CHOKE US UNTIL WE CRY...PULL OUR HAIR. YOU CAN EVEN SHARE. IF YOU WANT THE JOB, COME INSIDE AND APPLY."
"Oh my God!" Pinky held her forehead in her hand.
"WE WANT DICK...WE WANT DICK...THAT WILL DO THE TRICK. GIVE IT TO THIS CHICK. WE WANT DICK. WE WANT DICK. SQUIRTING UP A PERFECT STORM...RIDE OUR TIDE LIKE WE'RE MAKING PORN...WE WANT DICK...JEALOUS LOVER. RUN FOR COVER. WE DON'T WANT NO SILLY GREEN RUBBER. AU NATURALE! LIKE AN ANIMAL...WE WANT DICK...GIVE IT TO US DADDY. WE WANT DICK. WE WANT DICK. WE WANT DICK." The chant concludes with Ho Nee's trailing rhythm. Pooki's bass sounding like a rapid heartbeat. Gidget's squealing voice mimics a massive orgasm. As it fades to a sigh she giggles into her mic..."ONE MORE TIME? JUST KIDDING DADDY."
Blown away by the song the trio await reviews. Pinky plants her index finger in her ear as if trying to unclog wax. After a grueling thirty seconds Pinky looks toward Gavin with a sneer.
"You're fucking me later Roadie. Christ I'm horny now."
"I did not need to hear that." Floyd pats Gidget and Pooki on the ass then takes his leave.
"Wait!" Pooki raises her voice toward Floyd, "You didn't need to hear Pinky...or our song?"
"Gidget's orgasm. I'll be in my...locked office." Floyd didn't bother to look back. Gidget merely looked smug knowing Gramps liked her more. Pinky uses her hand in a jerking off motion, laughing while the girls giggled as one.
"So do you like it?" Ho Nee begs for attention with her eyes locked on Gnarly's.
"I was impressed. You gals jam hard that's for sure. As for the song itself? I don't see any platinum albums on your walls. Gonna make a B-side called Gangbang?" He smirks.
"Good idea. Wanna be our background voice?" Gidget winks while flicking her tongue at him. It wasn't as attractive as it was meant to be. Even Gidget looked down ashamed by her action.
"Verdict Pinky?" Gavin came to Gidget's defense.
"Like Pink Floyd said...I'm Comfortably Numb."
"You hated it." Pooki frets.
"Fuck no. I love you sluts. It won't get radio play, but it will get you laid a lot. Lots a lot even. Damn!" Pinky stares seductively at Gavin. Shaking his head he realizes all four women were drooling over him. Nervously, he points to each one individually.
"No. No. No. Especially you NO." Pinky continued to strip him with her eyes.
Saved by the proverbial bell, a young married couple enter the store. Opting to retreat before being raped Gavin assisted the couple, leaving the girls to gossip.
The couple were looking for New Kids on the Block albums. Hearing their request he turns to glance at the girls. Jailbate united yet again to bend over touching their toes. Perfect little asses, sweet tight clams graced his appeal. He had to turn away as they waved at him while looking at Gavin between their legs.
These New Kids were gonna be trouble.
BLOCKED.