Part 12: Incest
Chapter 27: Incest - How Ian started sleeping with his sister and mother.
After our last exams, Clarice and I decided to spend the night together before we went home to spend Christmas with our families. After Christmas, Clarice was going to come by train to visit me and stay until New Year's Eve. The O'Briens were having a big New Year's Eve party, so we planned to drive back for that. After New Year's Eve with the O'Briens we were going to spend the rest of our break with Clarice's family.
We decided to splurge on a nice restaurant to celebrate the end of the semester and have our own early Christmas celebration. Clarice looked fabulous as always wearing her little black dress with her hair down the way I like it. I dug out my one suit and even ironed a shirt. She said I looked dashing and hot.
After dinner we went to a little coffee club near campus. The owners combined a coffee shop with the atmosphere of a jazz club from the '60s to come up with a quiet place to hang out. It was popular with the non-drinking student population. We found a loveseat in a quiet corner and sat to talk.
We'd been talking about our plans for the holiday and what we expected for the next semester, when Clarice changed the subject, "So, when you get home will you sleep in your mom's bed?"
"Maybe."
"I mean, Patty's always talking about how she loves sleeping with her parents and Mark when she goes home. It sounds like she never sleeps alone. It's not that way for you and your mom?"
"That's kind of why Patty and I didn't work out. Patty doesn't think she ever needs to draw a line between her sexual relationship with someone and the rest of how she relates. Mom and Karen and I had to learn how to do that, or it could have been really weird."
"How do you mean? You never really told me how you started sleeping together. All I know is that it had something to do with your father's death."
"Karen and I have always been really close, including physical closeness. Dad's death just pushed us over the edge."
"Close how?"
"It goes way back to some of my earliest memories when I was just a toddler. A lot of nights when we were little, Karen and I would climb into Mom and Dad's bed, or we'd sleep together."
"The way Mom tells it; Karen startled easily when she was a kid. Thunder, a dog barking, even howling winds would wake her up and she'd go cuddle with Mom. When I was big enough to have my own bed, I didn't like being left out, so I'd follow Karen and all four of us would sleep together."
"I was one of those kids who loved to feel the boom of thunder. When we went to see the fireworks, I always wanted to be close enough to feel the concussion when they went off. And I could sleep through any racket. But if someone else in the house woke up in the night, I'd hear it and wake up too. So when Karen went into my parent's room, I'd hear her and I'd follow, pretending I was scared too."
"Mom and Dad knew it was a scam, but they played along. Mom said they liked having us all cuddled together. But as we got bigger, eventually their bed was cramped with all four of us in it. That's when they told Karen she had to be a big girl and stay in her own bed."
"I felt bad about pushing Karen out, but I wasn't going to give up cuddles. Mom said I came up with a solution, asking Karen to cuddle with me since she was a big girl and could take care of me."
"That worked for Karen and me, but then we could tell Mom and Dad were missing their cuddles. Karen came to me one night during a thunderstorm and said, 'Mom might need some cuddles.'"
"Eventually Mom and Dad had told both of us both we were too big to share their bed, so when we wanted to cuddle, we slept together. That's how it went until my parents realized I'd started noticing Mom's lady parts. Then Mom and Dad had a talk with Karen and me and we stopped sleeping together."
"I can only remember a couple of times after that when Karen crawled into my bed for comfort because something traumatic happened, like when one of her best friends moved halfway across the country. Even then, she'd just lay with her head on my chest and cry, and when she was done crying, she'd go back to her own room."
"At about that time, Mom and Dad started getting calls from school about my behavior. I'd started noticing the girls at school and I became that kid who pushed girls and punched them in the arm so they'd notice me too."
"Dad took me aside and told me that I had to be nice to the girls if I wanted them to like me. The problem is, at eleven years old I didn't know what girls thought was nice. Karen tried to talk to me, but it was like she was speaking a foreign language. I got frustrated and I kept acting out."
"The other thing Dad said to me, which I didn't understand but could follow was, 'Girls don't like to be stared at. You know you're going to see your mom without a lot of clothes on from time to time. If you stare at her, it makes her uncomfortable. Think of staring at a girl as being bad for you just like staring at the sun. If you stare at a girl, she'll think you're just a horny peckerhead.'"
"After that, if Mom caught me ogling her, she'd say, 'Are you staring at the sun, peckerhead?' Mom and I were talking about that recently and she said it was just a phase that lasted two or three months. Then she was just Mom again, not a woman."
"By freshman year, Karen and Dad had convinced me there was a better way to get girls to notice me. I found out that girls noticed me because I was big and I was on the football team, and Karen says I was a hottie even then. I was able to get a couple of dates early in the year, but they ended badly because the girls said I was going too fast."
"When Karen came home from school, she talked to some of her friends who had younger sisters. Then she came to me and said, 'You're not allowed to date a girl until I say so. We're going to teach you how to treat girls right, so they'll be asking you out.'"
"I wasn't thrilled about not dating, but by then I was getting shot down every time I asked a girl out, so it was a moot point. After Karen talked to me, I figured out that the girls I'd dated were talking about me, and not in a good way. I thought if I could get girls to ask me out, it would be worth it, so I said okay."
"Karen told me she was going to give me homework assignments. The first one was to go to the mall, find a girl I'd never talked to, get her name, and find out why she was at the mall."
"I spent a whole afternoon and couldn't get one girl to do more than say 'Hi.' When I went back to Karen and told her I'd failed, she asked me, "Did you go by yourself?"
"I told her I had."
"She asked, 'Were the girls you talked to by themselves?'"
"I said yes again."
"Karen said, 'Lesson one. You don't have enough game to get a girl to talk to you one-on-one. You need to have a friend with you, or you need to talk to a group of girls. Try again."
"The next day, I was able to get two girls who were together to talk to me out of twelve groups I approached. When I got home, Karen said, 'One for twelve. Not good.'"
"She admitted that she followed me. When she asked me if I knew what I was doing wrong, I said no. She said, 'You're staring at the sun, peckerhead.'"
"She sent me back the third day and told me that I needed to know the girls eye color and hair color as well as her name and why she was there."
"I was able to get three groups of girls to talk to me out of four I approached. When I reported back to Karen, she said, 'Now you need to have a real conversation. Find just one girl to talk to and talk to her until you learn one thing about her that seems interesting to you.'"
"It took me three days before I was able to complete that assignment. By then, Karen had to go back to school. The last assignment she gave me before I left was to find out one thing interesting about every girl in my class."
"There were a hundred thirty girls in my class. That seemed impossible and I said so. Karen just said, 'You'll be amazed how easy it will be.'"
"She was right of course. For the first couple of weeks, I struggled to find just one girl to talk to each day. As I talked to more girls, they started saying hi to me in the halls and introducing me to their friends. By Christmas, I could sit down and talk to just about any group of girls in my class."
I talked to Karen a couple of times a week to let her know how it was going. She would ask me questions about what they said and what I said. I started trying to remember everything about the conversations so I could answer Karen's questions. At first, I couldn't answer a lot of her questions because they were about things it hadn't occurred to me to asl. She taught me about using leading questions and open-ended questions to fill in those details. Then she started asking me about what they did and how they reacted, so I started paying attention to facial expressions and body language.
Clarice said, "That sounds like the active listening and observational techniques we learned in the Clinical Therapy class I took this last semester."
"Karen was a psych major like you. She admitted later that she was teaching me to relate to people and understand them the way she'd been taught. Since she wanted to specialize in human sexuality, she used me as a guinea pig to test out what she was learning."
"It took me almost until the end of the year to finish the whole assignment. When I told Karen I'd finished the assignment, she asked me, 'Which girls were the most interesting?'"
"I named a few and she asked me why. I mentioned things that I'd learned from talking to them. Karen said, 'So those aren't the hottest or most popular girls?'"
"I said, 'They're all pretty popular, but most of them wouldn't be considered real hotties.'"
"Then Karen asked me, 'Do any of them make a point of talking to you?'"
"I named one, Laurie. Karen said, 'Ask her to the Freshman Finale.'"
"At my high school, they have a dance just for freshman at the end of the year. It's kind of a consolation dance since freshmen can't go to prom. I asked Laurie, and she was thrilled to go with me. We dated until a little while after my dad died."
"After Laurie and I started dating, Karen became my dating coach. Her semester ended about a week before the dance. When she came home, we talked about the dance, she said, 'You've got to know the right way to kiss a girl.'"
She enlisted her best friend from high school, Brianna, to help with my training. Brianna came over, and when Karen told her the plan, Bree said, 'I'm not making out with a kid.'"
Karen tried to convince her it was for a good cause, but Bree would only agree to help me practice holding a girl. She and Karen showed me how to stand and where to put my hands. They made a big deal about keeping my hands in what they called 'safe zones.'"
"Then Karen said, 'We've got to show him how to kiss her. Bree, come here and let me kiss you.'"
"Bree and I were both shocked, but Karen can be persuasive. Karen and Bree ended up spending fifteen minutes kissing each other, taking turns being me and Laurie. Bree was holding back at first, but by the end their kissing looked real."
"I tried to get Karen to teach me more, but she kept putting me off, saying I wasn't old enough. She'd been happy to teach me relatively innocent things I could do with a girl my age, but she wouldn't talk to me about what she called, 'real sex.' She said even though I'd matured a lot, I wasn't ready for that."
"When I turned eighteen, I told Karen, 'I'm an adult now. Legally I'm old enough to have sex. If I'm going to have sex with Laurie, I want it to be good for her. I've heard girls complain about other guys not knowing what they're doing. Will you help me?"
"Karen agreed, and she enlisted Brie's help again. When they were showing me what to do if I got to second base, and later third base, they showed me over their clothes, but then they showed me what they were doing underneath the clothing, even getting naked a couple of times. It was hot, but they tried to keep it as clinical as they could without losing the impact of what they were trying to teach me."
"I also found out later that those sessions got Bree and Karen hot, and they started experimenting with each other after I left the room. By Christmas time, they'd both decided that they were bisexual, and they hooked up whenever Karen was in town."
"When Karen decided to teach me about oral sex, she recruited her boyfriend, Darryl. He was reluctant to put on a live demo for me, so she made a video of him going down on her."
"All of those lessons and the video made me see Karen as a sexy, sexual person. I sometimes thought about watching her have sex when I would masturbate, since she was the only person I'd ever seen having sex live. Occasionally I'd think about Mom like that too, since she was one of the other two women I'd seen naked, and because she looked a lot like Karen."
"That's when Dad was killed."
"You've told me he was killed in Afghanistan, but you never said what happened," Clarice said.
"Dad went to college on an Army ROTC scholarship. He was a civil engineer, so they assigned him to the Army Corps of Engineers after he graduated. The Army put him in charge of a survey unit, and he turned out to be good at it. Then they reassigned him to Ranger school as a trainer for land navigation and topographic surveying. He left active duty after one tour but stayed in the reserves as a trainer."
"When the Rangers were tasked with training the Afghani military, Dad was called up to help. He was leading a training mission in what was supposed to be friendly territory when their Humvee ran over an IED. It killed Dad instantly. That was at the start of my senior year in high school."
"Karen came home for the funeral and stayed for a while afterwards to help Mom. While she was there, it was like when we were younger. She would slip into my bed at night and hold me tight, or we would climb in with Mom."
"One night, about a week after the funeral, Karen was in my bed, and we were lying face to face. She was crying, and I was holding her, stroking her hair and kissing her forehead. As her crying stopped and she settled down, she started idly rubbing her hand over my chest. It reminded me of the way Laurie would run her hands over me, and I reacted the way I would have reacted to Laurie."
"I started rubbing Karen's shoulders and back, and I kissed her nose, and her cheeks, and her chin. When I kissed Karen's chin, she tilted her head so my next kiss landed on her mouth. When our lips met, she reached up, put her hand on my head, and opened her mouth."
"Before I knew it, I was French kissing my sister. She rolled onto her back, and I followed her. She was holding my head, giving me the most passionate kisses I'd had in my life. I was holding her body against mine and running the fingers of one hand through her hair."
"Karen began exploring more of my body with her hands. I was just wearing a pair of boxer briefs, and when her hands reached the waistband, she slid them inside and cupped my ass, grinding my cock against her leg."
"Karen was lying next to me with one leg draped across my hips, wearing a long t-shirt and a pair of panties. I'd been running my hands over her body, not daring to do more than give her ass a light squeeze every now and then. Then she grabbed me and rubbed her leg over my cock while she ground her crotch against my thigh. That's when I gave in to temptation and began fondling her breast."
"We kissed like that until Karen pushed me away. I thought she'd decided we needed to stop, but she just sat up and pulled off her t-shirt. As she lay back down, she pulled my mouth to her nipple."
"Karen directed me as I made love to her breasts. Her body was flushed and warm, and there was a fine sheen of sweat over her breasts. I couldn't get enough of that salty tang as I explored every inch of her tits with my mouth."
"As I heard her breathing become shorter and sharper, I didn't wait for her to direct me. I kissed my way down her body, sliding her panties down as I went. I was a little scared that she'd stop me there, but when she felt me start to tug on her waistband, Karen said, 'Oh, yes,' and lifted her hips."
"Hers was only the second pussy I'd eaten, and I wanted to make sure it was special for her. I tried to remember everything she said she liked in the video, and I added some of the things I'd learned with Laurie."
"When she came, Karen barely made a sound, but her whole body was quivering like a bow string. The sounds she did make were loud gasps and big gulps of air."
"When she was finally satisfied, she sat up and pulled me to her. We sat forehead-to-forehead, gently stroking each other, until she pushed me on my back. She leaned down as if to take my cock in her mouth, but I stopped her saying, 'I'm ready.'"
"I don't think she was thinking of making love to me and she stopped for a couple of seconds. Then she grabbed my waistband, and I lifted my butt. She pulled my underwear down and slid it off my feet, then sat and looked at me before she reached out and took hold of my cock. I remember what it felt like as she stroked it gently and rubbed it against her face right before she moved up and straddled my body."
"She said, 'This is your first time. Do you want it to be me?'"
"I couldn't believe how strong my desire for my sister was. Without a moment's thought I said, 'I'd rather it be you than anyone else.'"
"Then she slid down over my cock and sat with me completely enveloped in her warm, wet pussy. I pulled her down and we kissed for a long time before she started moving."
"I know I didn't last very long that time. The only thing I really remember is looking at Karen's face and seeing the love as she took my virginity. I only wish the lights had been on so I could have seen it better."
"I remember cumming, but I don't remember how it felt or what I was thinking. I was staring at Karen in wonder the whole time we made love. I do remember seeing a huge smile on Karen's face when I did cum, like she'd just watched me open the best birthday present ever. Then we were kissing again."
"We fell asleep with Karen still lying on my chest and my half-hard cock in her pussy. We only slept for a short time before Karen woke up feeling guilty. I felt her looking down at me and I woke up too."
"Karen asked, 'Did I just screw up things between us?'"
"I said, 'Not as far as I can tell. I still love you, and this isn't the first time I've thought of making love to you.'"
"Karen started crying again, so I kissed her face again. When she stopped crying, she said, 'So do we just move on from here?'"
"I said, 'Maybe I'm just being a little peckerhead, but I'd like to make love to you again. But if you think it's best that we call this a one-time thing, I can live with that. I'll always know that I gave my virginity to one of the women who loves me more than anyone else in the world.'"
"That brought on more crying. Once that stopped, Karen said, 'I think your peckerhead is weighing in on the subject, and I agree with him.'"
"I hadn't realized it, but my cock was hard again, and it was pressing against Karen's pussy. We rolled over so I was on top, and we made love one more time. That time I remember having an orgasm that took my breath away as I kissed Karen while she squeezed me with her legs around my waist."
"We talked the next day and decided that we should keep this from Mom, and that we couldn't be all over each other every chance we got. We ended up making love several times a week until Karen went back to school."
Clarice sat quietly, like she was trying to sort out what I'd told her. I just sat with my arm around her until she said, "Let's dance."
The club had a small dance floor where a few couples were dancing. Fortunately for me, they favored smooth jazz that lent itself to slow dancing. I wasn't much of a dancer then.
We danced for three or four songs before Clarice said, "I should get you home now. I expect you to fuck me senseless tonight, and I don't want you falling asleep before you've done the job properly."
We made the short drive back to school while Clarice massaged my cock through my pants. I could feel precum soaking my underwear by the time we parked the car.
My roommate had gone home that day, so we were in my room for a change. Patty had claimed her and Clarice's room for a romantic evening with Priya.
While I punched in the combination to unlock the door, Clarice casually pulled her dress over her head. As she walked past me into the room, I saw that she was wearing black thigh-high stockings and her come-fuck-me black stilettos.
When she turned to face me, I saw that she had ornate, silver rings around her nipples. The rings appeared to be keeping her nipples hard, and the silver highlighted the deep red of her excited points.
Clarice watched me for a few seconds as I stared at her tits before she said, "So you like them?"
"They make your tits look amazing. Let me take a picture."
Clarice blushed, but then she posed for several pictures before she said, "Wait, my outfit isn't finished."
She turned and reached into the overnight bag she'd left before dinner, bending at the waist with her back to me. I had a perfect view of her pussy framed between her legs, and I could see that she was wearing a butt plug with a green crystal peeking out between her cheeks.
She stood up holding a slave collar, a set of wrist cuffs, and a waist belt with rings for attaching restraints. They were all black leather, and the collar had a leash and a set of nipple clamps dangling from it.
As she put on these items, I could see that she'd adjusted the chain on the nipple clamps so the chains were taut, pulling noticeably on her tits. When she had the clamps attached, her nipples were stretched tightly upward.
The last thing she did was to put one foot up on the desk and reach back to remove the butt plug. As she pulled it out in one smooth motion, I could see her ass ring stretching and clinging to the plug, making me imagine how my cock was going to look and feel when I plowed her ass later that night. Then she looked back at me and said, "Master, please eat my ass."
I was strongly tempted to drop to my knees and bury my tongue in her hole, which was closing very slowly. But when she called me 'Master,' I knew she wanted me to dominate her. Instead, I slapped her ass and said, "You're being presumptuous, slave. Did I tell you that you could remove your plug?"
"No Master."
"Then put it back in."
Clarice slid the plug back into her ass, making a show of slowly working it in and out. She made three full length strokes in her ass before she settled the plug in place and turned to stand and face me.
"What punishment would fit this offense, slave?"
"I must be spanked, Master."
"How many strokes?"
"Twelve, Master."
"I think eight strokes for your tits and four for your ass. We'll start with your ass. Bend over and put your hands on the desk."
Clarice bent over with her legs straight and leaned on the desk, arching her back so that her adorable butt was sticking up. I had to resist another urge to abandon my role as Master and make love to her gorgeous backside. Instead, I stood to one side, raised my hand, and slapped Clarice's on one side of her ass so hard my hand stung.
I saw Clarice clench her ass momentarily before she counted, "One."
I stepped to the other side and delivered another sound slap to the opposite cheek.
"Two."
For the third blow, I didn't strike her as hard, but I aimed the slap to land with my palm over the base of the butt plug. I heard Clarice suck in her breath before she counted, "Three."
I aimed the last swat to her ass so that the edge of my hand caught the bottom of both cheeks and grazed her pussy lips.
"Four."
"I want your tits free for your punishment, slave."
Clarice removed the nipple clips and the nipple shields and then stood with her hands behind her back and her tits thrust forward.
I lifted her right tit with my right hand, feeling it like a melon in the grocery store. Then I raised my left hand and delivered a slap to the outside of her tit. Then I repeated it for her left tit.
Each blow landed with a sharp, "crack" sound.
Crack. "Five."
Crack. "Six."
For the next strike, I lifted her tit by the nipple to expose the tender flesh underneath. Clarice was biting her lip as I supported the weight of her tit by the nipple. As I released my grip on her nipple, I slapped upward, causing her tit to bounce up and hit her in the chin. Then I repeated that with the opposite tit.
Crack. "Seven."
Crack. "Eight."
Next, I held her tits in my hand, pulling them out to the side so I could strike the inside.
Crack. "Nine."
Crack. "Ten."
For the last two strokes, I let her tits hang naturally as I delivered a sharp slap directly across each nipple. As each slap landed, I could see her nipple go from a dark, rose red to a purple hue.
Crack. "Eleven."
Crack. "Twelve."
When I finished, I knelt in front of Clarice and took each nipple in my mouth, sucking gently on it. I could taste a sharp, metallic flavor that I was coming to associate with Clarice's reaction to being spanked. It was a spicier taste than what I had come to think of as the flavor of Clarice.
I spent some time tasting all the delicious flesh of her tits. I heard her breathing change to the long, slow inhalations I knew signaled the start of her climb to orgasm, so I stopped and said, "Put your nipple toys back on, then undress me."
Clarice took a minute to put the nipple shields back on, although it was difficult with her nipples already erect. Once they were in place, she quickly reattached the nipple clamps.
Taking hold of one sleeve of my suit coat, she helped me pull that arm off. As she passed behind me to reach the other sleeve, she rubbed her tits and her hip against me. Then she pulled my suit coat the rest of the way off and hung it on a hanger in my closet.
Turning back to me, she knelt to untie my shoes. She looked incredible with her head bowed and her hair hanging down. I could look down and see the smooth curve of her neck as it transitioned to her delicate shoulders, then the narrowing of her waist and the swell of her hips and finally her perfect, heart shaped ass. Every once in a while I caught a glimpse of her tits as they swayed from side to side with her movements.
She carefully loosened each shoe and held it so I could slip my foot out without any resistance. Then, while I held my foot up, she slid my socks off, giving each foot a brief massage as she did so. When my feet were bare, she put my shoes away in the closet and put my socks in the laundry hamper before returning to me.
She stood hip to hip with me as she reached up and undid my tie. As she pulled the tie from around my neck, she draped it around her neck so that it hung down between her tits. The bright red silk looked incredibly sexy against her snow-white skin.
Leaning back so we were still pressed together, she reached down and undid my belt, sliding it out of the loops. Then she hung the belt and tie in the closet.
When she returned, she unbuttoned each of my shirt cuffs. Then she pressed against me again as she unbuttoned the front of my shirt. As she slid my shirt off my shoulders, she pressed her tits to my chest, and I could feel her breath against my throat.
She deposited my shirt in the hamper, then knelt to undo my pants. As she pulled down the zipper, her face was almost touching the front of my pants. I could feel the warmth of her breath through my underwear as she slid my pants down my legs and helped me step out of them.
When she had hung my pants in the closet, she knelt again and slid her hands under the waistband of my boxer briefs. She slid her hands to the back and caressed the top of my ass momentarily before pushing my underwear down over my ass.
When my steel hard cock stopped her from sliding my underwear down any further, she pulled the front of the waistband out with one hand and gently reached in with the other to guide my cock free from the elastic.
When her warm hand touched my cock, I felt it give a spasm. It looked like she felt it too because I saw a fleeting smile cross her lips. As my cock came free, she rubbed her face against it while she slid my underwear the rest of the way off.
When my underwear had joined my shirt and socks in the hamper, Clarice faced me and stood with her feet slightly apart and her hands behind her back. "What would you like next, Master?"
In the back of my mind I was marveling again that this gorgeous, passionate, intelligent woman wanted to be with me and to please me. I blinked to clear my head and said, "Lick my balls, slave," as I took hold of her leash and pulled her to her knees in front of me.
Clarice smiled as she sank to her knees and slid between my feet. As she tilted her head back, I could see the chain attached to her nipples tighten and lift her tits. I knew she was feeling that tug in her cunt, but she didn't show any outward sign.
She stuck out her tongue, dripping with saliva, and began circling it around my balls in a figure eight pattern. Each time her tongue slid between my balls, she fluttered it against the sensitive skin, giving me a delicious tickle that caused my balls to draw up as if I were getting ready to cum.
She took a few moments to draw each of my balls into her mouth. Her gentle sucking and the light fluttering of her tongue had me clenching my ass and curling my toes.
By then my shaft was slick with precum. I knew that I might shoot off at any second if she continued, so I said, "Lick my ass, slave."
Clarice moved behind me and put her hands on my ass, saying, "May I, Master."
"Yes. Do it now."
She spread my ass and ran her tongue from the base of my balls to the top of my crack and back several times, painting my ass with her saliva. I could feel her spit running down and dripping off my balls. Then she started making shorter strokes, tickling my balls with her fluttering tongue at the bottom and circling my eager pucker at the top.
I could feel my cock pulsing in time with my heartbeat as she finally sank her tongue into my hole. She fucked and tickled my asshole with her tongue until I was gasping for breath and trying to hold her tongue clamped in my ass ring.
Yanking on her leash, I said, "Enough. You may remove your butt plug now. Put it in my ass."
I could see that the thought of taking her dirty butt plug and shoving it into my asshole excited Clarice. Her eyes narrowed and she licked her lips as she looked into my eyes before she removed the plug.
Clarice put her hands on the floor as she rose up off her knees. She raised her ass in the air while her head was down at her knees. Looking at me between her legs, she reached back and slowly withdrew the plug from her ass.
Standing up straight, Clarice grabbed a tube of lubricant that I had set out and moved behind me. As I bent over, she popped open the tube and drizzled the cold liquid my asshole. She used the butt plug to catch the drop and rub it around my hole, occasionally testing to see if it would go in. The second time she tried, it popped through my ring and slid smoothly in until my sphincter closed around the flange.
When the plug was in, I opened Clarice's overnight bag and retrieved two clips that I knew would be there. I pulled each of her arms behind her back and used the clips to attach her wrist cuffs to the ring on the back of her belt. Then I lubed my cock and told her to bend over.
Her high heels put her ass at the perfect height for a stand-up fuck, but they also made it difficult for her to bend over with her hands trussed behind her. She was in imminent danger of falling over, a fact that I had counted on.
I took hold of her wrists with one hand and guided my cock to her tight hole with the other. As my cock head made contact, I said, "I'm going to fuck your ass hard, slave. You are my little fuck toy, and I will take whatever pleasure I want from your body. If you please me, I may allow you your own pleasure. Now, what do you think I should do?"
"Shove your cock up my ass, Master. Use my dirty hole for your pleasure. Pound me as hard as it pleases you. Rape my ass until you have a glorious orgasm."
As she finished, I yanked on her belt, filling her asshole with the full length of my cock in one fast thrust. I don't think I'll ever stop loving the sensation of Clarice's ass opening up and enveloping my cock in its soft, hot grip during the initial penetration.
I heard her gasp and felt a small tremor caress my cock. I knew the gasp was for the pleasure of having her ass filled, and not pain or discomfort. Clarice told me that she often has mini orgasms just from having a cock slammed up her asshole.
I had positioned us so that we were standing sideways to the door to my room. There was a full-length mirror on the inside of the door, and I could watch us fuck by turning my head.
When I shoved my cock into her, I saw the chain attached to her nipples go taught as her ass came to rest against my crotch and her tits continued to swing back. When I push her to withdraw my cock, her tits swung again. As I established a fast rhythm of hard thrusts, causing a tug on her nipples twice for every stroke.
Clarice was arching her back so that every time I thrust into her, my cock head rubbed the wall between her ass and her cunt. I knew that she could sometimes cum just from having her ass fucked like that, so I tried to help her by angling my thrusts that way. It also created amazing friction on the sensitive notch under the rim of my cock head, so I knew I wouldn't last too long.
On the next thrust, Clarice grunted, and I heard a splash as her pussy squirted onto the floor. Some of her cum splashed back, wetting both of our legs.
I pulled out and said, "Ride my cock and squirt on me, slave."
I laid down on the floor and Clarice quickly straddled me. Aiming my cock with one hand, I steadied her so she could lower her ass onto me. Once she settled in place, I began lifting her and dropping her back onto my cock.
After two thrusts, she began squirting again. This time her cum was landing on my stomach. Two more thrusts and she was moaning and gasping, "Unh, unh, uuhhh!"
As she came hard, her ass clenched around my cock sending me over the edge. I thrust into her one more time and let the spasms rippling through her ass milk the cum out of my cock.
I pulled Clarice down onto my chest and said, "Slave, you please me greatly," as I reached behind her and released her arms from behind her back. Then I rolled her onto her back and licked her cum off her thighs and her pussy lips. I ended up licking and sucking her until she had two more orgasms.
After that, I helped her strip down to bare skin and we climbed into bed. I couldn't stop kissing her and telling her how much I loved her until she pulled me into one of the most sensuous kisses of my life. When we finally broke the kiss, she held my face and said, "I love you, and I want to be with you forever."
We held each other quietly for a while after that. Finally, Clarice broke the silence by saying, "You told me about Karen. What about your mom?"
I had to think for a minute about where to begin. "After Dad's funeral, Mom put on a brave face, but it took her a while before she started functioning normally again. Karen stayed as long as she could, but she had to go back or lose all her credits for that semester. By then Mom was back at work and seemed to be doing fine most of the time."
"Mom was okay until a couple of months later. It was her wedding anniversary, and she decided to do something to celebrate Dad's memory. She made dinner reservations at a restaurant that she and Dad used to go to on date nights and arranged for us to go there with some close friends. When their regular waiter saw her and gave her his condolences, Mom lost it."
"She cried for a bit, but then appeared to recover. She seemed to enjoy the dinner, but I noticed she was drinking a lot more than usual. She was tipsy in a flirty sort of way, making innuendos with her friend and her friend's husband, telling some slightly dirty jokes, and flirting with the waiter."
"I remember Mom and Dad coming home from their date nights and going straight to bed, no matter how early it was. I think their dates were just drawn-out foreplay. Mom seemed to be reliving that experience."
"We finished dinner and went home without any major embarrassing incidents. When we got home, Mom asked me to sit with her, so I did. As we were sitting on the couch, Mom started crying again. I held her and rocked her until she seemed to pass out."
"I carried her to her bedroom, undressed her down to her bra and panties, and tucked her under the covers. Then I went to my own room and went to bed."
"I woke up about an hour later when I heard Mom come into my room. I felt her climb into bed with me and she slid over so she was hugging my back. Right away I realized she was naked. I said, 'Mom, shouldn't you put a night gown on?'"
"She said, 'It's okay for your sister to sleep naked with you, but not me.'"
"I should have been shocked that she knew that about Karen and me, but we'd known it would be a hard secret to keep in our little house. Before I could speculate about how she'd caught on and how much she knew she said, 'I found you two sleeping together here one morning, and then I understood what I was hearing at night. I know you're both smart and love each other, so I just prayed you'd do what's best.'"
"I started to explain, but Mom cut me off, 'I've often thought about what a handsome, loving man you've grown into ever since you turned eighteen, and maybe even before, and that led to some un-motherly thoughts. I don't blame your sister.'"
"That freaked me out, Mom admitting she'd had thoughts about having sex with me. I was trying to think of something to say when Mom said, 'Hold me, please.'"
"I rolled over, and so did she. As I put my arms around her and tried to find a safe place to put my hand, she took it and put it right on her tit, saying, 'A women feels safe and secure with her man's arms around her, and I suspect we all like to have a hand on our tit while we're cuddling.'"
"That was almost as shocking as feeling Mom's nipple stiffen under my palm and feeling her lean into my hand."
"I lay still as Mom relaxed, then I felt her butt move against my crotch. She paused, then repeated the movement. This went on until I felt my cock start to respond. I tried to back away so my hard cock wouldn't be pressing into my mom's naked ass, but she backed up with me. Pretty soon, my cock was rock hard, and Mom had it firmly pressed into the crack of her ass."
"Then she began slowly rolling her hips, causing her ass to caress the length of my cock. I was starting to leak precum, and I knew that very soon Mom would feel the wet spot that was growing on the crotch of my underwear."
"Before that happened, Mom rolled over, reached in the fly of my underwear, and fished out my cock. Then she started stroking it."
"I didn't know how to react, so I froze. It became even more bizarre when Mom felt my precum dripping onto her hand. She released my cock for a moment while she brought her hand to her mouth and licked it clean, saying, 'You taste good, Ian.'"
"She milked more precum and licked it off her hand until she pushed me on my back. As I rolled back, she pushed the covers off me and leaned down to take my cock in her mouth."
"Mom jacked my cock with her hand as she licked up each drop of precum that appeared at my slit. Eventually she just sat and swirled her tongue around my cock head, and finally she sucked my cock into her mouth."
"Mom used her lips and her tongue to nibble the veins on my cock until I thought I would go crazy before she sucked my entire length down her throat with an incredible suction. Her mouth was so wet, I could feel her warm spit running off my balls and down the crack of my ass."
"Mom brought me to the edge and kept me there as I panted and gasped, trying to spear her throat with my cock to trigger my orgasm. When she finally let me cum, I roared like a bull and almost gave her whiplash as I drove my cock into her mouth."
"When my cock went soft, Mom slipped my underwear off me and then straddled my body with her sopping pussy pressed to my limp cock. She kissed me like Karen had kissed me, and that started my cock on the road to recovery. When she felt me stiffen, she dragged her wet slit up and down my cock until it was rock hard again."
"Mom said, 'Baby, I want this if you do. I'm not drunk anymore. I want to feel your love and I want you to feel mine.'"
"I answered her by pulling her into a kiss and thrusting my cock to rub against her pussy. Mom grabbed my cock and aimed it at her cunt, then slid down onto it."
"When my cock was completely sheathed in Mom's cunt, I held her to my body and rolled over so I was on top. I kissed her as I began slowly thrusting my hips. Mom gasped with each stroke, as if I had slammed my cock into her. Then she was crying again and saying over and over, 'I love you Baby, thank you.'"
"As we built to our orgasms, Mom lifted her ass off the bed and snapped her hips to meet my thrusts. She was panting and making little mewling sounds as she frantically drove us both to our orgasms. We came nearly simultaneously."
"Mom went stiff for just a few seconds before she collapsed onto the bed and I fell on top of her. Our hips continued to twitch and thrust on their own until we were both too sensitive to stay joined."
"We slept together that night, and every night for a couple of months after. Mom was insatiable, which caused some issues with Laurie."
"Laurie tried to be patient, knowing I was trying to be there for Mom, but Mom's demands on my time plus the fact that Laurie was planning on going to school halfway across the country spelled the end."
"We'd talked about what would happen after graduation. We knew we'd only see each other at Christmas and summer break and neither of us thought that kind of long-distance relationship would work. My preoccupation with Mom just moved up the timetable for our breakup."
"Karen realized that what was going on between me and Mom wasn't healthy. We'd been going to a grief counselor, and Karen said I had to tell the counselor. The counselor told us it wasn't the first time she'd encountered incest in a grieving family. She said she wasn't naïve enough to think we'd stop cold turkey and never do it again, but she wanted to help us set some more healthy boundaries."
"We went through a couple of months of family sessions before the counselor said she thought we'd found a healthy balance. Mom and Karen and I still sleep together on a regular basis, but Karen and I have focused on other relationships and Mom joined a widows' support group."
"During one counseling session, Mom admitted that when Karen and I were teenagers, she and Dad had incorporated us into some fantasy role playing games. Mom would pretend to be Karen while Dad fucked her, or Dad would pretend to be me. She said those fantasies evolved from earlier fantasies about fucking the babysitter or the neighborhood boy who mowed the lawn during Dad's deployments."
"Mom met Erica, another middle-aged widow whose children had only recently left home, through the widows' support group. They were the only two group members who weren't young war widows or retirees, so they bonded right away."
"Erica had been widowed for several years when Mom met her, so she was at the point where she'd begun to look for a return to a normal social life. She dragged Mom along with her, and Mom slowly started to focus on moving forward and having a life."
"Karen told me later that Mom and Erica had become lovers, but she wouldn't tell me how it happened. Karen also said that her making that discovery and asking Mom about it over a couple of bottles of wine is what led to them sleeping together."
Clarice lay there quietly, and I could tell she was thinking about what I'd said. I took a guess at why she was curious about me sleeping with Mom and Karen, "Are you asking about this because you think you might want to make love to your parent's?"
Clarice looked startled for a second, then she answered quietly, "Yes."
"Is this something you've thought about for a long time, our just since Thanksgiving?"
"Just since Thanksgiving."
"That makes sense. Before then you thought your parents were prudes who frowned on extramarital sex. Then you find out they're swingers, and the same weekend you find out your friends are committing incest. It would be confusing."
"My advice would be to have a general conversation with your parents about your sex life and their life as swingers. You're bound to run into them at Fellowship functions, and it would be less awkward if you talk it over before it happens. If the conversation gets around to incest, talk about it. If it doesn't, I wouldn't be in a rush to bring it up."
"Don't get me wrong. I wouldn't do anything different if I had the chance to do it over. I love making love to my mom and Karen, but it took a lot of counseling to put it in the right perspective. In your case without the history of sexual tension and the emotional trauma, it would be best to take it slow."
Clarice didn't say anything. She lay there thinking for a while longer, then she slid up so she was leaning over me and kissed me softly. We kissed for a while, then slowly made love before we fell asleep in each other's arms.
In the morning, we awoke to a naked Patty jumping on us. She said, "It's ten o'clock. We were supposed to be on the road."
I asked, "How did you get in here?"
"I've seen you punch in your combination enough times."
Clarice asked, "Why are you naked?"
"You two looked cozy. I thought I'd join you."
Then she dove headfirst under the covers to capture my cock in her mouth. At the same time, she positioned her pussy right over Clarice's mouth.
We ended up switching positions a couple of times before I came in Patty's pussy while she ate Clarice to a shrieking orgasm. Clarice and I took turns eating Patty until she came, then we headed off to the showers. Unfortunately, my dorm isn't as liberal as Clarice and Patty's, so the girls showered together, and I was left on my own.
After that, we grabbed a late breakfast, loaded up our cars, and headed for home.
Chapter 28: Incest - Ian returns home to Mom.
I got home a little before four o'clock, so Mom was still at work. I dragged my stuff up to my room, then sorted out my dirty laundry and hauled it down to the basement. Once I had the first load started, I decided to make dinner.
By the time Mom got home a little after six, I had a salad, steamed broccoli, and chicken marsala over noodles ready. Mom insisted that her kids had to be able to take care of themselves, so Karen and I helped with all the household chores like cleaning, laundry and cooking from the time we were eight years old. I like to eat, so I became a fairly good cook.
Mom came in, gave me a hug and a kiss, and headed up to her room to change while I put dinner on the table. Mom was okay with me drinking at home, so I picked out a bottle of wine to go with dinner. Just as I was pouring the wine, Mom came down wearing a pair of yoga pants, a sports bra, and a warmup jacket. Even in the middle of winter, she was always barefoot around the house.
Karen had told me that Mom joined a gym, and I could see the results. She was always in decent shape, but her face was leaner, and I could see a hint of toned abs peeking out through the zipper of her jacket under her sports bra. I could also tell that her neck and shoulders looked slimmer.
As soon as we sat down, Mom put her feet up on my lap as I'd expected. Family and friends are all fair game to be Mom's personal foot warmer. It was a running joke.
As we started to eat, I asked Mom about work. She works as a social worker at a women's shelter, so she always has interesting stories about the women who live there and their families. After a bit, the conversation turned to me and school. Then Mom asked, "So you're still working at that pizza place?"
"Yeah."
"And you still stay with your ex-girlfriend's family while you're working?"
"Yeah."
"So the breakup was amicable?"
"I told you it was. It was Patty's idea."
"And she was okay with you starting to date Clarice right away?"
"It was her idea."
I hadn't given Mom a lot of details about how I met Clarice or why I broke up with Patty because it seemed too hard to explain over the phone. It looked like my hopes that she wouldn't dig into it were not going to come true.
Looking confused, Mom asked, "You're telling me that Patty broke up with you and told you to start dating another girl? How does that happen?"
"Patty and Clarice are roommates, and they've been best friends since grade school. The three of us were together all the time. Patty saw that Clarice and I were better together, so she set up a romantic evening for the two of us and bowed out."
Mom asked for details about the romantic evening. I tried to think of a way to explain it that wouldn't give away the fact that I had slept with Clarice before that night, and everything sounded too complicated, so I told her the truth.
"So you're having a ménage a trois with your girlfriend and her roommate, then your girlfriend decides that she doesn't want to be your girlfriend anymore, and she pushes you into her roommate's arms."
"Yeah. That's pretty much how it happened."
"And you still have three-ways with you and Clarice and Patty?"
I answered, "Yeah," and just to be a smart aleck I added, "We did it just this morning before we headed for home."
Mom shook her head and made a comment under her breath about a man whore. She asked a few more questions about me, Clarice and Patty before I could get in a question of my own.
"So now that we've dissected my love life, how about you. Have you been dating anyone?"
It was Mom's turn to look uncomfortable. Karen had told me that Mom was sleeping with her friend, Erica, but I'm pretty sure Mom didn't know that I knew.
"I've been on a couple of dates with some guys I met through internet dating sites, but none of them struck any sparks."
"So you've been living in monk-like celibacy waiting for me to come home and satisfy your deviant sexual cravings?"
Mom hesitated again. Then, taking a deep breath she said, "I haven't exactly been celibate. Would you be shocked if I told you I've been sleeping with Erica?"
Trying to keep a straight face, I asked, "Is she the first woman you've ever been with?"
"Yeah." Now she was giving the short answers.
"Is it something you'd thought of before?"
"No."
"So what happened?"
Mom took another deep breath.
"Erica's really outgoing. She has a ton of women friends that she hangs out with all the time. One of her friends is a lesbian who's been with her partner for twenty years. When Liz was having her fortieth birthday, her partner, Fran, arranged a pub crawl to celebrate. She invited Erica, and Erica invited me."
"We met at a restaurant for dinner, then there was a bus to take us to six different bars. I didn't know until I got to the restaurant that the group was going to be all women. I didn't find out that Erica and I were the only straight women until the third bar we went to. It was a lesbian bar, and all the other women knew their way around."
"Erica and I sat quietly, but women kept asking us to dance and a couple bought us drinks. The other people in our party told us we were coming across as rude and said we should at least talk to some of the other women. We did talk to them, and I even danced with one of them. The other women cheered when I walked to the dance floor."
"The next stop was a regular bar. A group of guys who saw us come in and they started hitting on us. No one let on that most of the women were gay. When the guys found out it was Liz's birthday, they bought us several rounds of drink, including a couple of rounds of shooters. I wasn't even a little tipsy before that place, but I was definitely buzzed when we left."
"The next place was another lesbian bar. This time, Erica and I were dancing with every woman who asked us. Several of them tried some dirty dancing, which was fine, but twice they tried to kiss me. I wasn't buzzed enough to be comfortable with any of that, so I politely made my way back to our tables each time. It was exciting though."
"The last place was also a lesbian bar, but this place was more hardcore, especially since it was close to closing time. There were women making out and openly groping each other all over."
"We danced with a lot of women, and all of them were grabbing and grinding. By then we were buzzed enough to just go with it. I spent five minutes pressed up against a wall in the corner of the pool room making out with a woman who wasn't much older than Karen. The buzz wore off after a bit, but I was getting really horny."
"As it was getting near closing time, the DJ announced they were having a make-out contest. Couples would pick a song, and then make out until the song ended. At the end of the song, the audience would vote with their applause on whether they would want to go home with each of the contestants. The couple with the highest combined total would win a getaway night to one of those hotels with the fantasy suites."
"The first few couples were fairly tame. They just held each other and kissed and danced a little. The audience booed them. Then a couple got up there and they were grinding each other, and their hands were all over each other. The audience ate that up."
"Erica was making some loud comments about how lame the contestants were. Some of the women around her started shouting back at her, saying, 'Show us how it should be done.'"
"Erica just kept talking and watching. The next couple got up in front and the first thing they did was tear each other's shirts open. They both had gorgeous tits, although only one of them was natural. They made out and mauled each other's tits, and the crowd loved it. But the judges disqualified them because, as the DJ said, 'The cops could shut them down for running an unlicensed strip show.'"
"The couple who went up on stage wearing short skirts with no panties also got disqualified, even though the crowd loved the view of their fingers up each other's pussies."
"Erica kept up her commentary through all of this. The people around Erica were calling her all talk and saying she was a chicken."
"Erica's extremely competitive. She was the shortstop on a softball team in college that went to the national championship tournament her sophomore, junior and senior years, and they won when she was a junior. She still plays on a competitive team in a local league."
"Erica finally said, 'Okay. We'll do it.'"
"She grabbed my hand and started dragging me to the stage. Part of me wanted to chicken out, but part of me was still turned on by the other couples making out and the women I'd danced with earlier. So I let Erica led me to the stage."
"Erica picked a long, slow rock anthem. As the music started, she stood behind me and pulled my head back so she could kiss me. She's quite a bit taller than me, and she was wearing four-inch heels that night, so it was a surprisingly comfortable position for making out. While we kissed, she was running her other hand over the front of my body. "
"At first it was weird kissing my friend, but she's a really good kisser so I found myself enjoying it. I reached back to hold her head, and when I did, she let go of my head and was running both hands over my body."
"I was wearing a sheer blouse over a camisole top. I felt Erica slide her hands under my blouse. She ran them up my sides, and it made me tremble. She cupped my tits in her hands, lifting and squeezing them. I'm sure the audience was getting a really good look at my cleavage. Then she let go of my tits and I felt her reach under my arms. Before I realized what she was doing, she'd grabbed my camisole and yanked it down, snapping the straps and exposing my tits through my blouse."
"I was shocked, but I was also really hot. I'd never been topless in public before so having my tits on display like that was a thrill."
I always loved Mom's tits. She has beautiful B cup tits, sloping on top and nicely rounded underneath, so you want to cup them in your hands. She also has great nipples. Small, dark areolas with big meaty nipples that make my mouth water when I think about sucking and biting them. Imagining what they looked like under a sheer blouse with her friend mauling them from behind made my cock painfully hard.
"Erica held my tits up on display again, then let them go. I felt her slide her hands down the back of the pants I was wearing. I had on a pair of capri length pants made of a stretchy material. She grabbed the string on the back of my thong, and I felt it break. Then she slid her hand down the front of my pants, grabbed the crotch of my thong, and pulled them off me."
"She held the destroyed thong up for the audience to see, then she licked the crotch and threw it into the crowd."
"She shoved her hand back down the front of my pants and found my slit. I was soaked at that point, so she didn't have any trouble sliding two fingers into me. I'm sure everyone could tell exactly what she was doing. At the same time, she was still squeezing my tits and pulling on my nipples."
"Erica rubbed my G-spot with the fingers in my pussy while she rubbed my clit with her thumb. Within seconds, she made me cum. I groaned loud enough for the whole crowd to hear and slumped back against Erica. I could feel a huge wet spot in the front of my pants. Erica held me, still kissing my face until I could stand."
"As I stood up, Erica pulled her hand out of my pants and licked one finger clean. Then she offered me the other finger and I was just into the moment, so I licked my juices off her finger."
"I decided that I should do what I could to help us win too. Erica's outfit was nearly identical to mine except I was wearing royal blue, and she was wearing red. As the song ended, I slid behind Erica, pulled her camisole off her tits and shoved my hand down her pants. The crowd went wild. Needless to say, we won."
"I was as horny after that as I've ever been in my life, and Erica was hot too, so we passed on the bus back to the restaurant and called an Uber. We spent the whole ride home feeling each other up and making out. Fortunately, it was a short ride over quiet streets because the Uber driver didn't have his full attention on the road. We didn't get much sleep that night."
I was speechless. Although Mom was casual about nudity around the house, she was very shy about showing her body in public or public displays of affection with my dad. Having her friend masturbate her to an orgasm in front of a crowd with her tits on display was hard to process.
Mom slid her foot up my leg and confirmed that I had an erection. She smiled and said, "It seems you liked my story."
I gave her a grin and nodded. She said, "We can't have you walking around like that. You won't be able to stand close enough to the sink to do the dishes."
She slid off her chair and crawled between my legs. I felt her unbuckle my belt and open the front of my pants, then she swatted my hip and started tugging on my jeans. I lifted my ass, and she slid my pants down around my ankles.
I felt her tits brushing against the insides of my thighs as she sat up and leaned forward. Then her hand was in the opening of my boxer briefs, and I felt her gently bend my cock to withdraw it through the opening.
I felt the cold air on my cock for just a second before she was blowing her hot breath on my shaft. I didn't have long to anticipate what was coming next before she slid her mouth over my cock until her lips were against my briefs.
She didn't have a lot of room to work under the table, but her wet, sucking mouth and her incredibly active tongue had me warning her of my impending orgasm in no time.
She paused for a moment, and I felt her move under the table. As I looked underneath, I could see that she had shed her jacket and her bra. As she sucked my cock back into her mouth I caught a momentary glimpse of her gorgeous tits.
She was sucking my cock like she was on a mission. The sucking and slurping sounds under the table were non-stop. I could feel her saliva soaking my underwear. Suddenly, I let out a single grunt and I was shooting in my mother's mouth.
Mom let the first blast hit her tongue, but then she pulled my cock out of her mouth and jacked me off. As my cock stopped jerking, I felt her tongue circling my crown. She sucked my softening cock into her mouth for a few seconds, circling it with her tongue, then she released it and climbed out from under the table.
When she stood up, I could see cum on her face and her tits. She said, "When you were telling me about eating cum off your girlfriend's body, it sounded like fun, so I thought I'd give it a try."
Mom crawled out from under the table and straddled my lap. That put her tits right below my chin, so I only had to lean forward and extend my tongue to start licking my cum off her chest. I could see that it was getting Mom hot, because her nipples were dark and swollen as big as my pinky finger.
I spent a lot of time licking her chest and the tops of her tits before I started circling her nipples. She finally grabbed me by the hair and shoved one of her nipples into my mouth. After that, I happily sucked her hard buds for ten minutes to make sure they were "extra clean."
Finally, Mom stood up and said, "Enough of that, or we'll never get the dishes done."
I noticed that Mom remained topless while we cleared the table and washed the dishes together.
As we worked, Mom asked me about cum eating. How did it start? How often did I do it? Did I really do it when I masturbated?
I explained how I got started, and about my promise to Patty. I also explained how Patty and Clarice said that they like the different kind of orgasm they get when I do it to them.
Eventually, she asked the question I knew might be coming, "So, if you added a guy to your ménage, would you eat his cum out of one of the girl's pussies?"
"I've done that already. It's kind of a kinky thrill, but otherwise not much different from eating my own. Just different tastes."
Mom picked up on the plural "tastes," and asked if that meant I'd eaten more than one guys cum. When I admitted I had, she asked the big question, "So, have you tasted it right from the source?"
I hesitated for a second and she knew instantly, "You have! You've sucked a cock!"
By then we had finished the dishes and were sitting in the living room, curled up together on the sofa and finishing a second bottle of wine. Mom had been busy decorating for the holidays, so we were sitting with just the light from the Christmas tree illuminating the room.
I told the story of jacking off with Mark and how that led to us exchanging blow jobs, which led to the question, "Have you done anything else?"
It was getting late, so instead of answering, I said, "Let's go somewhere more comfortable before I answer that."
I helped her up and led her to her room. I stripped her pants and panties off her and shed my own clothes before I went to use the bathroom. While she took her turn in the bathroom, I connected my phone to the TV on her dresser and pulled up the video of Mark fucking my ass for the first time. When she came into the room, I started the video and said, "This should answer your question."
Mom laid face down on the bed with her head towards the TV and watched the video. I piled some pillows under her and sat down between her legs. As she watched the video, I started by rubbing her feet and legs. By the time Mark came in my mouth, Mom's hips were squirming all over the bed.
She repositioned herself so she was sitting up against the headboard as Patty and Clarice put on their show with the strap-on. Mom tried to play with her own clit, but I swatted her hand away. I positioned myself between her legs again and licked her from her knees to the top of her thighs. I stopped to ask her, "Was the shaved pussy your idea or Erica's?"
"Erica thought it looked hot when those two girls were fingering each other one stage. We also found out it's nicer when you eat pussy. Do you like it?"
"I prefer my women to look like little girls down there."
Mom swatted me as I went back to licking her.
When Mark was sliding his cock into my ass, I finally started licking Mom's pussy. She was twisting and tugging on her nipples so I thought she was going to pull them off, but from her groans and breathing I could tell she was on the way to a huge orgasm.
I timed it almost perfectly so Mom came just as Mark shot his load up my ass on the video. As Mark and I licked each other clean, Mom got on all fours still facing the TV and said, "Fuck me hard, then I want you to lick me clean. It got me so hot when you told me about doing that to Patty and Clarice."
I fucked her long after the video ended. When I finally filled her cunt with my cum, she pushed me on my back and squatted on my face, watching every drop go into my mouth. Then I ate her to another powerful orgasm as she ground her pussy on my mouth.
As we settled down to sleep Mom asked, "On the video you looked like you really enjoyed having anal sex. Didn't it hurt?"
"Not if you do it right. Sometimes I can cum just from having my ass fucked. And cumming with a cock up your ass is a whole new experience. It's a much more intense orgasm. Plus, having a cock inside me is a rush, whether I'm sucking on it or being fucked by it. Feeling the heat from a guy's cock, and the way it twitches and throbs in my ass feels great."
I explained about the butt plug and how anal sex is surprisingly comfortable if you take it slow and use plenty of lube.
"How do you know so much about it?"
"Clarice taught me. She and her boyfriend used anal sex as a form of birth control when she was in high school. Her boyfriend was a big guy with a huge cock, so she learned all the tricks to make it comfortable. She probably loves ass fucking as much or more than regular sex."
"Maybe I'll have to rethink my ideas about anal sex."
Then Mom grabbed my arm and pulled me against her back, draping my hand over her tits and shoving her ass against my cock. As she drifted off to sleep, she mumbled, "I've got a cell phone video of Erica and me. Maybe I'll show it to you."
Chapter 29: Incest - Ian introduces his mom to anal sex.
I came partially awake to the sound of Mom's alarm clock going off. Mom leaned over and shut it off, but instead of getting up and heading for the bathroom like I expected, she rolled on top of me and started kissing my face and neck.
"Don't you need to get ready for work? You never use your snooze button."
"I set my alarm extra early. It's been a while since I've had a hard cock in my bed to give me a proper wake up call."
I started to say that there still wasn't a hard cock in her bed, but I realized that her pussy rubbing across my shaft was quickly causing my little friend to betray me.
As she moved up to squat over my face she said, "You can lick my cunt too."
Her cunt had a strong, spicy smell that was a combination of her sweat and the remnants of the previous night's sex. It was also very wet already, causing me to comment on it.
"I've been lying here half-awake for the last half hour anticipating this. I may've fingered my pussy a little."
I didn't complain, but instead I pulled her down onto my mouth. Mom's pussy juice is very thick and very salty, like a guy's cum except clear. I slurped as much as I could out of her cunt before I attacked her clit. She likes it when I flick her nub as fast as I can, so I set about beating her button with my tongue. It only took a couple of minutes before she started moaning, "Ah, ah, ah," getting faster and faster.
I tasted a fresh flood of her cum filling my mouth as she let out a long, loud groan. Her ass and thighs clenched tight around my head as she made strangled sounds in her throat. Then she slumped down, breathing in short, quick gasps.
I slid out from under her, and as I sat up, I could see her eyes were still glazed and she was sweating. I pushed her onto her back and started licking the sweat from her tits and her belly. She whispered, "Oh, yes," and ran her fingers through my hair.
I didn't give her much time to recover before I jumped off the bed and dragged her to the edge. Lifting her feet up with one hand, I used the other to line up my cock with her cunt opening. As soon as my cock head started to split her pussy lips, I grabbed her ankles with both hands, pushed them out and back, and slammed my whole cock into her.
Mom gasped and grunted as I pounded my cock into her, lying there passively at first. I could see her eyes slowly lose the glazed look and come into focus. When they did, she started pulling her own nipples and rubbing her clit.
"Come on you dirty mother fucker, slam that cock into Mommy's hungry cunt. Fill Mommy up with your fat cock. Dump your hot cum in Mommy's little fuck hole."
Mom kept talking to me about how dirty it was to fuck my own mother. She talked about taking my cock in her mouth and her ass, what a slut mom she was and what a nasty son I was.
Her dirty talk got to us both pretty quickly. I let go of her feet and grabbed both of her tits, squeezing and pulling on them as I neared my orgasm. I could only grunt and gasp for air. I could tell she was getting close because her dirty talk was becoming incoherent. Pretty soon we were both making monosyllabic sounds and breathing like we'd run a race.
I came first, shouting out my orgasm with a loud groan. As I felt the exquisite squeeze and release shoot from my balls up my shaft, my hips continued to slam into Mom of their own accord. Just as I slammed into her for the last time, she let out a strangled cry and I felt her cunt clench around me.
I quickly pulled my cock out of her hole, causing her to whimper and grab for me. Before she could do anything else, I dropped to my knees and buried my tongue in her slit. I alternated between licking the cum out of her cunt and sucking on her clit. She was still whimpering, so I shoved two fingers into her cunt and finger fucked her as I flicked my tongue over her clit.
When her body stopped shivering and she loosened her fingers from my hair, I climbed onto the bed and lowered my cock over her mouth saying, "You've got some cleanup to do too."
When Mom finished licking my cock clean, and the fingers that had been up her cunt, she said, "I could use some help cleaning up too. How about scrubbing a girl's back?"
I went to the bathroom and started the shower as she found clothes for work. When Mom joined me shower, she said, "I want you to fuck my ass today."
I gave her a hug and kiss and said, "That'll be my pleasure, if you're really sure."
"I've thought about it before. Two of the guys I've dated wanted me to try it. One turned out to be a gay guy who wanted to date me for show. He said he could do straight sex if he had to, but he'd rather do anal. That relationship lasted until he dropped me off at home."
"I'd slept with the other guy a couple of times before he brought up the anal sex thing. He was nice and I think I really liked him, but that freaked me out so much that I stopped seeing him. Afterwards, I wondered whether I should have at least tried it."
I said, "If you're doing it for the first time, you should do it with someone you really trust. If you're nervous, you won't be able to relax and then it will hurt. I would have advised you to keep seeing the guy if you liked him but put anal sex on the back burner until you get to know him a lot better."
"I think I should wear a butt plug today like you did."
I frowned. "That's not a good idea. If you've never had anything up your ass before, it could be uncomfortable. My first time I only wore it for a few hours, not a full day at work. This is kind of a rude question, but when do you usually poop?"
Mom looked startled for a minute, but then I think she figured out why I was asking. "In the morning, usually about the time I finish my first cup of coffee at work."
"You wouldn't want to put it in until after then anyway. And you don't want to be doing it on your own the first time. You can try my plug when you're more comfortable with the whole anal thing. For now, I'll just have to take my time and make sure you're relaxed and ready before we try it."
Then I turned Mom around and said, "Let me give you a preview."
I squatted down behind her and spread her ass open. As she felt my hands on her bottom, Mom let out an "Oh!"
As my tongue contacted her asshole, I heard her sucked in her breath. I spent a couple of minutes licking her crack and circling her hole with my tongue before I forced my tongue inside her. By then she was making little pleasure noises. She reached back and was holding my head against her ass.
I slid a finger into her pussy and found it to be as wet as I had expected. Making sure my finger was thoroughly coated with her wetness, I pulled it out and placed the tip against her asshole. I could feel her tense, so I played with her pussy with my other hand to distract her. When I felt her relax, I gently inserted my finger into her ass until I felt it pass her inner sphincter. Then I held it there.
Mom gasped and clenched down when she felt my finger push into her. I continued to finger her pussy, and she gradually relaxed. After a couple of minutes, I was able to slide my finger all the way in. I held it there for a bit before I started to gently fuck it in and out of her ass.
Mom was panting and moaning the whole time. As I fucked her ass with my one finger, her panting kept time with my strokes. At the same time, I was still stroking her clit with a thumb up her pussy rubbing her G-spot. I think she was surprised when she came, because she let out a little shriek.
As I gently pulled my finger out of her and stood up, Mom turned to kiss me saying, "If that's anything like a real ass fucking, I think I'm gonna like it."
By then the water was starting to get cold, so we quickly finished showering. Then I made breakfast while Mom got dressed. As Mom was leaving for work she said, "Karen's planning on getting here around dinner time. I'll be home at lunchtime, but then I have to go back after dinner. The shelter's putting on a Christmas Eve party, and afterwards the staff is going to help the moms get presents ready for the kids."
While Mom was at work, I got her room ready for her initiation into ass fucking. I straightened up the bed, arranged the drapes so the room would be filled with diffuse light, and found some of her favorite aromatherapy candles. I also cued up some soft music on her smart speaker.
I found Mom's toy box and selected her smallest dildo and a G-spot vibrator that I placed within easy reach. I also found I still had the jeweled butt plug Clarice had been wearing. It was a smaller size that should be comfortable for a first timer, so I placed that in the bathroom along with a tube of lube and my cleaning bulb.
After a quick trip to the store for some massage oil, I went to the kitchen and started a pot of spaghetti sauce for dinner so it could simmer for a long time. By then it was after eleven, so I made chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese sandwiches, Mom's favorite lunch.
Mom got home a few minutes after noon, and I could see by the gleam in her eye that she was ready to get started. I said, "We're not going to start your butt fucking lesson just yet, but we do have some preliminaries to take care of."
We went upstairs to the bathroom where I showed her my cleaning bulb. I said, "It isn't strictly necessary to clean yourself before doing anal, but for some people even a little mess spoils it so it's good to know how to do this." After explaining what we were going to do I said, "I'll demonstrate on myself first."
Filling the bulb with warm water, I showed Mom how to lube the tip, how to insert it, and how to squeeze and withdraw. Then I waited, showing her how the water needs time to work. Surprisingly, she wasn't grossed out when I released the water. I repeated the process a second time, then cleaned my ass with a washcloth.
Turning to Mom, I asked her if she wanted me to help her.
"No. I think I've got it."
Mom went through the cleaning process and then presented her bottom for my inspection. I knelt behind her as she bent over the sink and ran my tongue through her crack. After a couple of swipes I pronounced her clean, then dove in to ravish her pucker with my tongue. As I fluttered over her hole and probed the opening Mom said, "I'm really getting to like that." I kept that up until her pussy started to leak, then I reached into a drawer and pulled out the butt plug and lube that I'd stashed there.
"You said you wanted to try this?"
Mom looked back and bit her lip as she gave me a hesitant nod and said softly, "Yes."
I watched her look of concentration as I applied lube to her asshole and gently worked my finger through her sphincter. I could feel her trying to open her ass, instinctively bearing down against my finger, and very soon she had pushed back until my whole finger was embedded in her hole. I fucked her gently for a few seconds before I pulled my finger out and lubed up the plug.
She took the plug with almost no hesitation. As soon as it was in, she spun around so she could look at it in the mirror. I could see that her face was flushed, and a shiver ran through her body. She said, "Feeling that thing in my ass and looking at it is making me so horny right now."
I told her in my best strict mother voice, "No play time until you eat a good lunch." I made her get dressed and go sit down to eat. After we finished our lunch, we cleaned up the dishes together. The whole time she was squirming like a five-year-old child waiting to open her birthday presents.
When we'd put away all the dishes, I led Mom by the hand to her bedroom where she started to undress right away. She had kicked off her shoes and was starting to unbutton her blouse when I stopped her by pulling her into my arms and kissing her.
At first Mom was kissing me like she wanted to get it over with and get on to the main event. When I continued to hold her tight and kiss her deeply, she gradually relaxed and settled in to enjoy a little make out session with her son.
As I felt Mom start to actively participate in our kissing, I started running my hands over her body. She had selected a satiny blouse that day, and I enjoyed the silky feel of the fabric as I pressed it to her curves.
I slowly moved to the bed and sat down, pulling Mom into my lap without breaking our kiss. That allowed me to caress her breasts and run my hand over her thighs. I could feel her pressing her hard nipples into my palm as my hand brushed over her tits. Then I started unbuttoning her blouse.
When I had her blouse open, I slid my arms underneath it so I was touching her bare skin. As I continued to caress her, she shrugged off the blouse and threw it on the floor.
Her bra opened in the front, so I twisted the catch and slid my hand over each of her mounds, sliding them free of the cups. The bra quickly joined the blouse on the floor.
We continued to kiss for a while as I played with her tits and tweaked her nipples. Mom's nipples were two hard studs, and I knew she would be dying for me to take them in my mouth, so I picked her up and laid her on the bed.
I was only wearing a T-shirt and a pair of sweatpants. I quickly shed those and stood by the bed, naked. Mom looked me over with hooded eyes, then licked her lips. Her cheeks were flushed, and she was breathing fast.
I leaned over and captured one of her nipples between my lips. Mom loves having her nipples sucked hard and bitten at the same time, so that's what I did. I sucked, licked and nibbled that one tit until she pulled my head to its twin.
As I made love to Mom's tits, I opened her pants and slid them down over her hips. She broke our kiss as she lifted her butt so I could slide them off. I thought she looked beautiful in a lacy white thong and blue knee socks.
I laid down on top of her with my cock resting on the crotch of her thong. I let her grind her thong-covered pussy against my cock for a bit before I slid down to remove them. Her panties were soaked, and I could smell her special scent as I pulled them off. After making a show of smelling and tasting the crotch of her thong, I threw it aside and pushed her legs back, diving in to lap up as much of her juice as I could before I slid back up to kiss her again.
I teased her by letting my cock graze her slit, pressing it into her briefly and then moving on. When she was frantically trying to make contact, I slid back down and began licking her pussy in earnest.
Mom quickly had a small orgasm, groaning and thrashing against my face. Continuing to lick her, I opened the drawer where I had stashed her toys and pulled out the G-spot vibrator. Turning it on to a medium setting, I slid it into her cunt. Instantly, Mom started writhing and moaning.
Working the vibrator over her G-spot with one hand, I reached up with the other to tug on her nipples. Suddenly, I felt Mom's stomach contract. As I pulled the vibrator out of her cunt, a gush of girl cum flooded my mouth. I reinserted the vibrator and a few seconds later Mom gave me another drink of her sweet fluids.
The third time Mom squirted in my mouth, she began shrieking, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." I could feel her whole-body tense, and as I looked up her head was thrown back. Time and again her hips bucked, crushing my lips painfully against my teeth, until finally she grabbed my head and held me tightly to her pussy.
After a few seconds, Mom sat up slowly and reached to pull me to her. She kissed me and licked her wetness from my face before she said, "I thought we were here so you could fuck my ass."
"You need to be relaxed. Was that a good start on relaxing you?"
Mom laughed and said, "It certainly was. I could probably lay down and take a nap right now."
"Go ahead and lay down, but you're not going to want to nap just yet."
I directed Mom to lay on her stomach with her arms by her sides. Then I got out the massage oil and warmed some in my hands. Starting with her hands, I gave her a full body massage.
As I massaged her arms, I could see Mom almost drifting off to sleep. When I moved to her feet and started working my way up her legs, she was relaxed and drowsy until I got to her upper thighs. I could tell she wanted me to massage her pussy, but I carefully avoided direct contact. I did pay special attention to her inner thighs, knowing that would make her pussy tingle, but I wanted her relaxed and eager, so I didn't linger there too long.
I moved on to her neck and shoulders, gradually working my way down her back to her ass. When I finally started massaging her ass, she was completely relaxed. At first, I just kneaded her ass muscles. When she was used to that contact, I started running my thumbs into her crack, slightly separating her cheeks. Gradually, I increased the pressure until I was spreading her cheeks wide and running my thumb through her crack and over the plug in her hole.
As I focused more on her asshole, I gently pulled the plug out and set it on the nightstand. I took a minute to get a warm washcloth which I used to wipe away the traces of lube. I hadn't thought to bring edible lube with me.
Mom squirmed a little, but she was making little moans of anticipation. Once the plug was out, I leaned down and started licking her asshole as I continued to knead her butt.
"Before this morning I never knew it could feel good to have someone play with my ass, or that I would like to have them lick it."
I stopped licking her long enough to say, "I know what you mean. My first experience was Mark tickling my asshole while he jacked me off, and I was amazed at how hard I came."
As I resumed licking her ass, I concentrated on working my tongue into her hole. At first, her ass tried to squeeze me out, but pretty soon I could feel her relaxing and pushing back to let me in. Once I had my tongue through her ring, I fluttered and swirled it to stimulate all the nerve endings I knew she was focused on right then. I could tell she was enjoying it, because she alternately tensed and relaxed her ass, and her breathing became quicker and deeper.
As her ass relaxed, I applied some lube to my finger, rubbing it to warm it up. Then I stopped licking and touched my finger to her hole. Suddenly she held her breath, and I could feel her tense up again, so I just rubbed circles around her ring, gradually increasing the pressure. She relaxed quicker than I expected, and when she did, I pushed the tip of my finger through her outer ring.
It only took her a second to adjust, so I started moving my finger in a tickling motion just inside her hole. A little shiver went through her body, and she gasped.
Removing my finger, I applied more lube and then pushed it back into her. I fucked it in and out of her outer ring a few times before I pushed against her inner ring. I could feel her clamp down, so I applied gentle pressure as I moved my finger in and out.
Once my finger popped through, I kept applying pressure until my finger was completely inside her. I could feel how hot her ass was, and occasionally a small spasm would grip my finger.
When I thought she was accustomed to having my finger in her, I started gently fucking her. Almost immediately, she started lazily meeting my thrusts, so I fucked into her a couple of times before I pulled out to add lube and insert a second finger.
Mom took the second finger without any hesitation. As I fucked her with two fingers, she said in a breathless voice, "I can tell I'm going to like this."
I decided it was time to move up to the dildo. Pulling out my fingers, I retrieved the toy and lubed it. As I touched the tip to her asshole she gasped and clenched again. "That feels really big."
As I rotated the head against her hole, applying gentle pressure, I spoke softly, telling her that she would like the size when it was filling her up. I told her about my first time with the strap on and how I wanted the medium sized dildo almost as soon as the small one was in my ass. That served to distract and relax her, and very soon the head popped through her ring.
I straightened the toy out and slowly pushed it into her. As it pushed through her inner ring and sank into her bowels, she moaned, "Yes. You were right. That feels incredible."
The dildo was about six inches long and fairly slim. When I had it in, I let her adjust for a minute before I started fucking her with it. I started out slowly, but Mom started pushing back against it right away. Before I knew it, I was really working her ass with that fake cock.
I laid down next to Mom and kissed her as I plunged the dildo into her ass. I said, "You dirty slut. It looks like you might be a natural for taking cock in the ass."
"Let's find out right now, shall we?"
"First things first."
I told Mom to roll over, and when she was lying on her back, I laid on top of her in the sixty-nine position. It only took a few swipes of my tongue on Mom's clit before she was moaning and thrusting her hips against my mouth. I could tell from the way her ass was squirming on the bed that she was feeling the dildo. When she had a big orgasm that left her ass muscles trembling, I rolled off and asked how that was.
"I could feel tingling in my ass as I came. That was amazing."
"Now it's time. But first a question. Do you want to be in control, or do you want to just relax and trust me?"
"What's the difference?"
"If you want to be in control, the best position is with you on top riding me cowgirl style. Then you have complete control over how fast and how far my cock goes into your ass. But then you're doing all the work. If you lay on your stomach and let me do the work, you can just relax and focus on the sensations your body will be feeling. But then you have to trust me not to go too fast and to listen to you when you if you want me to do something different."
"You've always been a considerate, attentive lover. I trust you. I just want to relax and enjoy."
With that decision made, I kissed her and had her lay face down with a pillow under her hips. She spread her legs in a way that opened up her ass without any prompting. After lubing up my cock, I settled in between her thighs and gently fucked her ass with the dildo for a few moments before I removed it and set it aside.
Leaning forward, I aimed my cock at her hole and pressed gently against her opening. When my cock head touched her asshole, Mom said, "Come on, baby, I've been waiting for this since last night."
I pushed lightly against her ring, feeling that delicious sensation as her hole stretched around my cock in a tight kiss. As I continued to penetrate her, Mom was pushing back. When my head popped inside, she squealed and quickly forced herself onto my full length.
"Oh my god. That feels so much better than I expected. I wish I'd tried this earlier."
I laid down on top of her and reached under her body to cup her tits. At the same time, I kissed her neck and ears. Mom said, "God, I love having your cock in me."
Mom surprised me again by lifting her hips, forcing me up. As I rose up, supporting my weight on my knees and elbows, Mom was fucking herself on my cock. She said, "Oh fuck does that feel good. Fuck me, Ian. Fuck my ass."
I rose up on my knees, grabbed her hips, and started thrusting into Mom's ass. She was incredibly tight and incredibly hot, and I wasn't sure how long I'd last. But Mom kept urging me on, so I began pounding her ass.
As I drove my cock into her ass, I could feel Mom's fingers slide into her cunt. She said, "I can feel your cock! That's incredible!"
When I said, "Imagine what it feels like to have a cock in your ass and a cock in your pussy at the same time," she let out a long, "Ooohh!"
It didn't take long before Mom grunted and began to breathe in short gasps. I continued to drive my cock into her until her ass gripped me like a vise. I could barely move, so I stopped thrusting in fear that I'd hurt her.
As Mom's orgasm washed over her, she wasn't breathing or making a sound, but I could see the muscles in her neck stretched tight, and I could feel her ass clenching and unclenching around my cock.
As her grip loosened a little, I resumed slamming my cock into her. Feeling her orgasm ripple through her ass had set me on edge, so a few strokes later I groaned, "Oh god Mom. Oh god," and shot my load into her ass.
I wasn't able to move, but Mom kept fucking my cock until a second orgasm overtook her. As we both let our orgasms roll over us, we were locked together like a statue until finally I collapsed onto the bed, hugging Mom to me and rolling us both over on our sides.
I started to pull out, but Mom whimpered and said, "No," so we lay together with my softening cock in Mom's ass. As our breathing returned to normal, I reached down and pulled the covers up over us. I was hugging Mom and lazily kissing whatever skin I could reach when we drifted off to sleep.