Author's Note:I've had a lot of people express interest in writing stories in the F.E.T.I.S.H. Ray Universe, so I've decided to open it up to everyone. Feel free to go crazy with it and write whatever you like; I just ask that you credit me, preferably also with a link to my author page if possible. I'm really looking forward to seeing what you all come up with!
This story is a fun commission reward for one of my awesome patrons. Standard disclaimer applies: this story contains fictional depictions of erotic scenarios, so act accordingly! All characters are at least eighteen, all situations are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to any real-life individuals or situations is entirely coincidental. Copyright Fidget, 2024. All rights reserved. Enjoy!
The F.E.T.I.S.H. Ray Tales
by Fidget
The Experimenters: Leah and Zoey's Story
"Hey, Leah, look what finally came in the mail!" Zoey exclaimed, holding up her new F.E.T.I.S.H. Ray.
The petite, studious redhead glanced up at her curvy roommate distractedly, before her eyes widened in shock at what she was holding in her hands. "Wait, is that the fetish gun thing they were talking about on the news?"
"It sure is!" Zoey responded excitedly. "I ordered one as soon as I heard about it so we can experiment with it!"
"I dunno Zoey," Leah responded. The twenty-year-old had thought that she was used to the crazy sexual escapades of her older, more adventurous lesbian friend after living together for so long, but felt like this went too far. "What if it turns us into sluts??"
"It won't turn us into sluts! It just makes you a bit more likely to do whatever setting it's on. It's like hypnosis: it can't make you do anything you don't want to do. Now hurry up and zap me, and don't tell me what setting it is!"
"Ok, I guess..." Leah said doubtfully. She scrutinized the small dial surrounded by pictures vaguely representing a wide variety of sexual acts, visibly recoiling from a few of them, until she found one setting that looked like exposed breasts. Leah saw Zoey's naked boobs so often that seeing them a bit more wouldn't be too much of an abrupt change. She rotated the dial, aimed the ray at her roommate, and activated it.
Zoey fell silent as her body was engulfed in an irresistible golden glow, and her slight tendency to reveal parts of her curvy body to trusted friends and lovers became a welcome compulsion to fully expose herself to anyone who asked.
The glow faded after a few seconds, but Zoey still stood there waiting. "Well, are you going to zap me?"
"I, uh, I think I already did. You got all quiet and glowy for a second, like you were in a trance. Zoey, I think this might be dangerous," Leah continued, but Zoey was only interested in the effects of the ray.
"Oh, wow, I didn't even notice. That's SO COOL!" Zoey burst out, wondering what tendency Leah had given her, and wondering how hard it would be to resist. "Well tell me to do whatever it is already!"
"Ok, um, show me your breasts!" Leah reluctantly commanded, blushing furiously with embarrassment at telling her lesbian roommate to do such a thing.
"I thought you'd never ask!" Zoey responded happily, pulling up her shirt and shaking her heavy chest in front of her straight friend.
From the way Zoey was enthusiastically jiggling her tits, Leah was suspicious that the effects of the ray were a bit stronger than the "slight inclination" that Zoey had insinuated.
"Ok, so what did you do with the ray?" Zoey asked as she pinched her stiff nipples for her friend. "I want you to command me to do it to see if I can resist!"
"You're already doing it though!" Leah protested. "I zapped you to want to show off your breasts, and now you're doing it!"
"But that's perfectly normal! Any girl would show off her tits if asked!"
"I wouldn't!" Leah protested.
"Well that's just because you're weird," Zoey countered. "I definitely would!"
Leah considered that. Of the two of them, Zoey was definitely the more likely to flash herself if asked, though she wasn't sure if Zoey had always been so weirdlyeagerto do so. In hindsight, maybe giving Zoey a slight inclination to flash her breasts hadn't been such a great choice for the first test.
"Ok, well, whatever!" Zoey exclaimed, impatient to continue her experimentation with her new toy. "It's your turn now! The ray may not have done anything to me, but let's see if it can convince you to show me those sexy little tits for the first time!"
Leah was used to Zoey's lewd comments and playful leering at her body by now, but she was still a bit reluctant to zap herself when she wasn't fully sure what the ray would do. What if it made her showeveryoneher tits all the time, and not just Zoey? Her face burning with embarrassment and anxiety, Leah watched as her topless roommate continued to fondle her large breasts. Leah wasterrifiedof becoming a slut, and Zoey's displaydidlook pretty slutty. But maybe that's because Zoey was already kind of slutty to start with? That might mean that Leah's own inclination to flash her breasts would be significantly weaker, and she'd be able to resist it easily. Heck, maybe Zoey was playing up the ease with which she could be convinced to flash her body since it was just the two of them.
Leah finally turned the ray to point at herself, but hesitated before activating it.
"What's the holdup? It didn't even do anything!" Zoey asked as she continued to arch her back and play with her large, thick nipples. "Plus, you agreed to do it if I did it!"
Leah had agreed to no such thing, but she didn't want to disappoint her friend. She finally gave in, but not before writing a note for herself on the calc homework in front of her: "I DO NOT want to show my tits off to other people, not even Zoey."
Satisfied with her preparation, Leah again turned the ray on herself, briefly wondering if it would really fill her with the same desire to flash her small tits that it seemed to have given Zoey, before decisively activating it.
As it turned out, yes, it would indeed give her that same desire, and in spite of her reservations Leah calmly succumbed to the device's effects nonetheless. Whether she had been unfairly peer pressured into it, whether she thought the ray would work, whether she thought flashing her boobs would make her a slut - all of these questions were now irrelevant. Just like Zoey, Leah would now enthusiastically display not just her tiny tits, but every inch of her petite body as soon as her compulsion was triggered, and she would love every second of it.
Zoey giggled with glee at the sight of her reluctant roomie falling motionless and glowing gold for a few seconds - hopefully now Leah would understand that not only was there nothing wrong with letting other people ogle your naked body, but it could even be a bit of a turn-on too! She wasted no time in issuing her first command once her friend woke up. "Ok, time to show me those tiny titties!"
Without thinking, Leah automatically pulled up her shirt and bra and shook her small mounds back and forth for her gay roommate's benefit while she tried to decide if the ray was broken. She hadn't noticed any golden light, and she certainly didn't feel any different.
She remembered the note she'd written for herself a few seconds before, though, and absent-mindedly pinched a tiny, stiffening nipple as she read it to make sure nothing had changed.Wait, that can't be right, she thought to herself, her anxiety returning as Zoey eagerly watched her friend continue to grope her small chest.
Showing people my tits is no different than flashing them my ass or pussy. Try as she might, Leah couldn't think of a reason why showing her breasts could be worse, since either way she got to enjoy watching someone's eyes hungrily lock onto her body as she revealed it to them. She grinned as Zoey's breathing deepened with arousal and began tracing circles around her small areolas, trying to turn her friend on even more. Whether it made sense or not, Leah had to conclude that the ray had changed her in some way - for whatever stupid reason, tits were apparently the only body part that you weren't supposed to want to show off, and the ray had clearly made her want to.Hell, it made meloveit!she thought happily as a tingle started up between her own legs at the attention.
"Well, I guess that's settled then," Zoey said. "The ray definitely helped you get over your weird hangups with showing off your tits."
"Yeah, I guess you're right. It's so weird - I can remember writing this, but it just seems so unlike me. Iloveshowing off my body!"
"Oh man, that's so cool," Zoey said as she felt herself getting even more turned on at her friend's display. "Well, we've used the ray now, do you feel like a slut?"
"Definitely not," Leah laughed in response. Her worry seemed silly in hindsight as she enjoyed the sight of her busty friend continuing to cup her own large, exposed breasts.
"Ok, let's try something else then! I'll shoot you, and then you can shoot me. This will be fun!"
"I dunno Zoey, we got lucky that showing off our bodies turned out to be so normal. I don't want to be made to do something weird."
"Hmmm..." Zoey looked around the dial, trying to find something that looked interesting among the confusing little symbols. Her gaze finally settled on what appeared to be a tongue licking a vagina.
Leah immediately noticed what setting Zoey had set the ray to. "Zoey, I'm straight! I don'twanta tendency to go down on women!"
Zoey ignored her. Leah needed to get over her squeamishness at the thought of girl-on-girl sex. And Zoey needed her needy pussy licked after watching her hot little roomie showing off her cute little tits, but that was entirely unrelated, of course. She raised the ray anyway and took aim.
"It's fine. I'll zap myself afterward too!"
"No, d-" Leah began, throwing her hands up in front of her face, but her futile protestation was cut off by the golden glow of the ray, and the timid, straight redhead's subconscious mind was effortlessly reprogrammed to find the idea of licking pussy irresistible.
"-on't!"
"See, no biggie!" Zoey asserted, giving Leah no time to get her bearings before zapping herself as well, turning her own desire to perform oral sex on women from an expression of closeness and sexual desire to a simple, irresistible need to lick pussy whenever her compulsion was triggered.
As Zoey sat there bathed in golden light, Leah's eyes were drawn along her best friend's curves, just like they'd always been, down to the intriguing gap between her thighs. She could just barely see the outline of Zoey's vulva, highlighted by the tightness of her athletic shorts, and Leah felt her mouth beginning to water again. She briefly wondered why she'd never acted on her desire to go down on her lesbian roomie before - there wasn't really any reason not to, and it wasn't like Zoey would have turned her down!
And, now that Zoey's glow was fading, and Leah noticed that her friend's eyes had locked on to her own crotch as well, Leah decided there was no better time to rectify the situation, and sparks flew as the half-naked roommates leaned in and locked lips for the first time.
They passionately made out for a few seconds, but this was only foreplay before the main event, and both girls knew it. The irresistible pull of the sexy slit nestled between the other's legs soon had both girls shucking their shorts and diving onto Zoey's bed, where their compulsion gave way to pleasure as soon as their tongues finally made contact with the soft, sensitive skin of their partner's labia.
Leah was in heaven.Godshe loved licking Zoey's pussy - it was so strange that she'd never done so before. And as hot as the situation was, it was just further fueled by the distracting tingles coming from her own honeypot as her best friend's tongue compulsively drove her arousal higher and higher. It wasn't long before the feedback loop became too much for the girls to bear, and the two platonic friends simultaneously dissolved into a pile of giggles and pleasurable spasms as they came all over each other's faces.
Zoey lay there in the afterglow with her friend, the satisfaction of having fulfilled her compulsion washing through her body. She thought about how much she loved Leah, as a friend of course, and about how good it was for Leah to broaden her horizons like this, especially since her first time had been with a friend.
The two girls kissed softly for a few minutes as they recovered, but they were careful not to look at each other's pussies again, knowing all too well how easily a girl's welcome but irresistible compulsion to go down on her girlfriends could be triggered. Still, it wasn't long before Zoey wanted to experiment again.
"Hey babe, let's do one together this time!" she said, locking her fingers in Leah's.
"Wait, you mean like shoot ourselves with the same thing at the same time? But then we won't be able to tell what's different!"
"We already don't feel like anything's different."
"Good point." Even though that statement set off warning bells in the back of her mind for some reason, Leah was so caught up in the intoxicating afterglow with her new lover that she couldn't bear to disappoint her. So, she spun the dial to a random setting, locked lips with Zoey, pointed the ray at their faces, and slowly squeezed the activator so they wouldn't notice when the ray's effects were triggered.
A few seconds later Leah released the fully depressed trigger, and the two friends eagerly checked the setting to see what they had given themselves. When all they saw was an indecipherable dollar sign, Zoey finally brought up the fact that the ray had come with instructions, to Leah's consternation.
They found the booklet, flipped through to the page that described the settings, and discovered their new shared compulsion together.
PROSTITUTION
"Huh, that's weird," Leah said. "Like, I can't think of a reason why we wouldn't normally be up for a bit of prostitution. Maybe it's just made us more likely to do it than we were, but it's not like selling our bodies isn't a great way to make some money on the side while we're putting ourselves through college!"
"I know, right?" Zoey asked, still pretty incredulous herself about the ray's efficacy. "Guys always want to fuck our hot little holes anyway, so there's really no reason we shouldn't go get that bag! That's just supply and demand! Especially when you're as in-demand as girls like us are!"
"Right? A girl's gotta make a living somehow."
"Well, whatever, that was underwhelming," Zoey said, still trying to find a setting to zap themselves with that seemed in any way interesting. She'd bought the ray to push her and Leah's boundaries, but for some reason they kept using the ray for the most mundane things. "Let's find something sexier!"
"Wait!" Leah exclaimed, finally having actually read the instructions to the mind-control ray that she and her friend had been recklessly zapping each other with for the past few hours.
"It says here that the effects are irresistible, compulsive, and permanent!Yousaid that they just gave you a 'tendency' to do whatever it is!" Leah glared at her friend accusingly, fighting her perfectly natural, ever-present temptation to glance down between her friend's legs and lose herself in that wonderful pussy.
Zoey was fighting the same temptation, of course, knowing that eventually she'd falter and look down as well. The fact that both girls had programmed themselves to unconsciously show off their naked bodies also meant that they were compelled to keep their tantalizing pussies on prominent display,daringthe other to look, which just made it all the more inevitable that one of the brainwashed duo eventually would.
Zoey wasn't really worried about losing that internal battle, because doing so would just fill her with that familiar, delightful need to lick her straight friend's tight little slit until she came, and Zoey couldn't think of a better way to spend her time. It was more of a friendly, unspoken competition that came naturally with having girlfriends. Still, as sexy as the competition was, it did frequently make things more difficult, like trying to have this conversation with Leah while her smooth, naked torso wasright there. But, it wasn't like there was anything girls could do about it, and Zoey couldn't deny that it feltfantasticto finally lose that internal battle, to glance down at a girl's naked crotch, feel your self-control slip away, and then bury your face in that delicious snatch until your urge was satisfied.
"Ok, ok, I'm sorry!" Zoey said, feigning remorse that she didn't really feel. "I really did think it just made you want to do that thing more. Still, it's not like anything bad has happened - everything we've done so far has been so normal that I wouldn't want to 'resist' or anything like that anyway."
Leah nodded in agreement without meaning to. She couldn't deny that she felt the same way.
"In fact," Zoey continued, emboldened by her roommate's apparent approval. "If wedidtry something that we really,reallydidn't want to do, I'm sure we'd still be able to resist. So come on, let's try something fun for once!"
Leah hesitated, still terrified that the ray would somehow turn her into a slut. She could tell from her note earlier that she definitely hadn't wanted to show off her breasts for some reason, so who knew how she would have felt about all of the other settings. On the other hand, she couldn't deny that she loved all of the things she'd supposedly been zapped with, and they felt so much like a part of who she was as a person that it was hard to worry about it.
Finally, she gave in. "Ok, fine. But before we go any further, we should see if there are any compulsions that we definitelydon'twant, so we can avoid them just in case."
"That seems fair," Zoey responded before scanning the list of fetishes, though she was still confident that she could resist anything too extreme. "Oh wow, yeah, a breeding kink is definitely something I wouldn't want. I don't want kids."
"Good call. Yeah, me either, or at least not yet." Leah shuddered at the thought of accidentally programming herself with a compulsion to get herself pregnant as she started her own list. It occurred to her how insane she must be to even consider continuing to use the ray at this point, but just then Zoey interrupted her train of thought.
"Oh, also! I really don't want to get programmed to have PIV sex with guys. That would feel like a betrayal somehow." After saying so, it occurred to Zoey that she'd just programmed her timid, straight roommate to have sex with women right after she'd protested that she was straight, but Zoey quickly decided that going down on girls was so natural that it really wasn't the same thing at all. Plus, Leah had clearly liked it, and the sex had been mind-blowing. There was nothing hotter than a girl giving in to her compulsion to go down on her girlfriends for the first time.
"Makes sense," Leah said, making a mental note that "PIV intercourse" was on Zoey's list of no-nos, while having absolutely no reason to question her own healthy appetite for vagina. "Anything else?"
Zoey scanned the list again. There was a lot of weird stuff there that she really wasn't interested in, but she could just try to resist them if they ever came up. Plus, it wasn't like Leah would zap her with anything she didn't want anyway.
"Nah, I think I'm good. How about you?"
"Definitely the pregnancy thing for me too. Also, no butt stuff. That's just nasty," Leah said, cringing a bit at the thought of anything coming near her petite derriere.
"You won't think butt stuff is nasty if I zap you though," Zoey said, playfully threatening her friend with the ray.
"True, but I've heard that it takes so long to prepare for, and it just seems kinda dirty, so I really don't want to..." Leah began, but then Zoey zapped her with ANAL anyway, ensuring that the shy girl would now be downright eager to offer her virgin asshole up for penetration at the first opportunity.
"... miss out on it!" Leah finished, getting a bit turned on at the mere thought.
"Wait, so youdon'twant butt stuff then?" Zoey asked impishly.
"Well of course I want butt stuff! I was just talking about how sexy it sounds!"
"But what about the prep time?"
"You mean the foreplay and build-up period? That part's so hot though!"
Zoey laughed out loud. It was endlessly entertaining to see innocent little Leah getting so turned on at the thought of anal sex. The ray had been worth every penny.
"What are you laughing about?" Leah asked, perplexed.
"Just at how much fun we're having," Zoey lied, still giggling a bit as she made a note on her pad. "So, just Breeding fetish for you then, right?"
Leah nodded, though in the back of her mind she felt that wasn't quite right somehow, but she couldn't put her finger on why. She sensuously slid a hand up her petite backside to try to trick Zoey into looking at her pussy, wishing the entire time that she had a bit more junk in her trunk. She'd always struggled to get guys to give her ass the intimate attention it craved.
Zoey didn't fall for her ploy. "Ok, what should we do next?" she asked, eager to experiment some more.
"Uh, we should probably also keep a list of the changes we make, so we'll at least know what we've done to each other."
"Oh, good idea."
Zoey quickly wrote down all of the settings they'd used so far, going mostly off her memory of what she'd zapped Leah with, since none of the settings had seemed to work on herself.
Leah was briefly taken aback when Zoey added "Anal" to her list, but the thought of getting her ass pounded seemed so natural and arousing that it didn't seem worth worrying about.
"What about Prostitution?" Zoey asked. "I don't think that one worked."
"I don't either, but we'd probably better add it to the list anyway, just to be safe."
"Ok,nowcan we finally do something fun?" Zoey asked again once she was finished with the list, exasperated at Leah's caution.
"Actually, I think that's enough for one night," Leah insisted firmly, even though she felt bad about doing so. She hated disappointing Zoey like this, especially after the intimacy they had shared so recently, but even though nothing bad had happened with the ray so far, the thought of what it was capable of had gotten a bit too overwhelming for her.
Zoey could see that Leah was serious. She briefly considered using the ray again to try to get her friend to chill out a bit, but decided against it. "Fine, but tomorrow we do whatIwant to do with it!"
"...Ok," Leah reluctantly agreed, not wanting to rock the boat any further. Still, she wanted to make it up to Zoey somehow, so she followed that up with a naughty smirk, knowing exactly how to do just that.
Leah finally allowed herself what she'd been craving for the past hour, one brief glance down at the lovely mound between her roommate's wide hips, just for a second. That was all it took, and then Leah was sighing with satisfaction as the hypnotic allure of Zoey's puffy, naked pussy overpowered her crumbling will, just as she had known it would, drawing her over so she could sink to her knees and prepare her tongue for service. As the cute little redhead began enthusiastically lapping at Zoey's soaked entrance, it never even entered her mind that her wonderful compulsion to do so could have been artificially induced, forced upon her by her best friend's betrayal of her trust.
Always ready to have her pussy licked by her cute roommate, Zoey eagerly spread her legs to give her straight friend access to her throbbing clit, and soon the platonic lovers found themselves transitioning to Zoey's bed once again.
Zoey had intended to just lay back and let Leah do all of the work, but the lure of Leah's fiery, untrimmed bush proved too strong. The pale skin of her petite torso had flexed enticingly as Leah happily skipped over to the bed and hopped onto it, eager to show off her small body, and it was all too easy for Zoey to let herself enjoy her friend's antics a bit too much. She felt her gaze drop automatically to Leah's lovely nether regions when her petite friend spread her legs to show herself off, not noticing Leah's knowing smirk as she watched Zoey fall helplessly under her own spell.
Zoey immediately recognized the familiar signs of her pussy-licking compulsion clamping down on her mind as her mouth began to water and she continued to stare at her friend's glistening pink entrance. She couldn't help it - not that she'd ever want to, of course - Leah's lonely little slit just looked sotastyall of a sudden! So soft and smooth and sensitive, practicallybeggingfor the gentle, stimulating pleasure of Zoey's tongue.GodZoey loved losing control like this. She couldn't be happier that her wily partner had ensnared her, and as she dived onto the bed herself, burying her tongue in Leah's silky folds, Zoey committed herself to giving the seductive little minx exactly the tongue-lashing she deserved.
Seconds later the two brainwashed girls were once again sixty-nining with compulsive intensity, treating each other to waves of delicious, innocent pleasure until they collapsed in mutual exhaustion.
A half hour later they were fast asleep in each other's arms, and chaste little Leah panted with unconscious arousal as her dreams filled with images of going down on countless faceless women, all while a monstrous cock painfully forced itself inside her innocent little asshole, stretching her out over and over and over again.
End of Part 1