I knew what my brothers cock looked like. I knew how big it is. I knew how it felt to have it inside me. I knew how it reached places I've never felt before. I knew that it helped drive me to some of the most intense orgasm I'd ever experienced in my life. All of these thought came to me suddenly I listened to Emily explain. I was mortified, and turned on all at the same time. I covered my feelings by expressing disgust that she would even share such a thing.
After that the night went pretty similar to most nights she would stay with me. Well besides the fact that I was naked and thinking about my brothers cock. We watched a shitty movie and she told me about here trip. It was strangely normal and soon enough I forgot my own nudity and found that I was more comfortable being this way with her. Soon enough I was ready to turn in for the night and we got into the bed together to get some sleep.
I dreamed of all kinds of different way I could get naked. I dreamed about walking naked in a crowd of people. I dreamed of having all of my clothing taken away from me. I dreamed of being able to legally remain nude for the rest of my life. These were good dreams. Suddenly thought I was awake and Emily was above me shaking my shoulders.
Emily:"time for your next challenge!"
Still groggy I made my way out of my bed an stretched my body out. Emily grabbed my hand and dragged me out the down the stairs and out the front door. Before I was even really awake, I was naked outside again! She handed me a pair of sneakers and my running phone case (had an elastic band system that keeps it securely attached to my leg or arm). She told me to sit on the the front step and wait twenty seconds. In that time she left me and returned to inside my house.
After I finished counting, I still had no idea what I was doing so I turned around and walked back to the front door. I turned the knob, but the deadbolt was locked. That bitch locked me out of my own house naked! I called her immediately and she picked up right away. I told her to come open the door, but she said no! She told me to go get out spare key. My parents always left a spare key under the third planter box on our porch. I went there got down on my hands and knees and felt around nothing was there. I said as much to Emily and all she said was,
"Oh I moved it. You'll get a picture of where it is real soon. Have fun, I'm gonna go get some beauty sleep!"
With that she hung up the phone and a image popped up on our text feed. There she was putting the spare key on top of the stone fence that marked the entrance to our entire subdivision. That was at least a mile and a half away from our me. I called her back to bed her to let me back in, but she never answered. I checked every door and window I could reach but still nothing. I looked at the clock on my phone and it read 3:37. Shit that was way to late. People would be up and moving soon. How was I supposed to walk 1 1/2 miles in that time. I knew that anymore stalling would have me walking naked in broad daylight.
Resigned to the best way back being forward I took off. I was wearing running shoes, so running was an option and I gave it a try. I quickly stopped though when I figured out how obscene it was for my tits to be flapping all about. I would save running for only when I needed to.
I'm gonna give you a shortish description of the subdivision I lived in, so that you can better picture what I'm doing with me.
The subdivision was a pretty good size. We lived as far back as you could from the entrance, and it would often take five or more minutes to even exit the neighborhood alone. Being so large most of the people you would call our neighbors were complete strangers. besides the people who lived in the direct vicinity of our home not a one would no my name or where I lived. The subdivision was also decidedly middle class. Almost all houses were dual income earning, except for a few stay at home moms who made extra money by watching their neighbors children. The entire neighborhood had been cut into an existing forested area. The planners had been careful not to cut down any tree that did not absolutely need to be removed. There were a lot of old growth trees in yards and the general vibe led to a lot of people planting hedgerows to act as front fences. For someone like me this was both good and bad. A lot of places to hide, but also hard to see someone coming from far off at intersections. There were always huge piles of leaves in the fall and tons of shade in the summer.
I started off down the street trying to get as far from people I would know as possible. I rationalized in my head that I was definitely going to be seen, just to far to walk and not be, but if it was gonna happen I didn't want to be ratted out to my parents. I crossed over four intersections before I heard my first alarming noise. A dog in the distance started to bark, and I feel to the ground in panic. I laid there for a minute embarrassed that I had reacted so. I got up and continued walking.
Next a car came driving down the street, but I saw it coming straight at me from awhile a way so I was able to crouch down behind a parked car and a bush to be concealed. I hadn't had to run away this time. I was progressing. Next time a car came I just stepped into a strangers driveway and crouched down facing the street. I heard the car get close and then watched it pass right in front of me. If they looked left they would have seen me, but the didn't. I really wanted to turn around, but there was nothing for me back at the house. I knew that Emily wouldn't let me in. I had given myself over to trust her and I needed to keep doing that. I also remembered what she said about proof. So like the saying goes, "pics or it didn't happen."
I started randomly shooting pictures and videos of myself as I continued to walk down the street. I must have got really into it too, because next thing you know I'm standing face to face with and late 20's man and his dog. They had rounded the corner while I wasn't looking, and had stopped to take me in. I was less then twenty feet from him, but I had nowhere to go. Backwards would lead me nowhere. The high hedge on my side stopped me from running right and even the left was mostly blocked by parked cars. I knew what I had to do.
I pride myself that I didn't cover up when this happened. This was the first time a stranger had seen me naked, and I let them see all of me. I strutted straight up to him and past him as he stared at me. His eyes followed as I passed him and I could feel them burning a hole in my ass as I continued on. About a block on I turned to look back and he was still just staring. I was meant to turn left so I looked back at him, blew him a kiss and turned out of his site.
The rush of the encounter over, I took off running for a few blocks just incase he tried to follow. I took shelter in another shielded driveway and teased my pussy thinking of it. He had seen all of me. I hadn't faltered. I was proud of myself. I played with myself for another five minutes, but with nothing of substance inside me, I wasn't able to finish. This was probably for the best though so I could keep my nerve up.
I walked another few blocks and stopped under a light post to tease myself again. This time I was interrupted by a car screaming down the street and speed. I rolled back and hid under a nearby lifted truck as it flew past me. I though to myself. "Damnit. I should have let them see me."
I was losing control of the situation. My hungry pussy was doing all the thinking and nothing else mattered to me except prolonging the way this night made me feel. I guarantee this will not be the last time I do something like this. I continued down the sidewalk and soon came across one of the small retention ponds that dotted our neighborhood. Deciding no time like the present, I took off the only things I had on. Shoes and phone strap, and waded in. I spent the next ten minutes quietly floating and swimming from one side to the other. At least three cars past by, but non stopped to look her way. Deciding enough was enough I got out and made my way back to get my things. I was dripping wet (Yes intensional) and help my shoes and phone in my hands instead of putting them on.
Not having shoes greatly slowed my progress, and the next couple blocks came slowly. I turned right and could see the entrance where my keys were hidden. It was set back about 30 yards from the mail road, but still close enough for all the cars on the normally busy road to see me. I carefully made my way there and hid about twenty feet away waiting for an opening. The traffic was not to bad, about every twenty seconds a car would speed by so timing my action was crucial. When the next gap came I ran for it reached the sign and grabbed my key. I then ran back to my hiding spot completely unseen. Bummer.
I remembered watching a porn video by NaughtyGardenGirl where she cut her clothes as she walked down a back road then when she got to the main road she flashed a car by pretending to hitchhike. I remembered how much that made my pussy gush, and thinking about it again now gave me a rush of energy. I sat my stuff down. Set my camera to record and waited. I wanted it to just be one car so I waited for about five minutes before I found my break. I could here a pickup truck coming down on my side of the road. Risky but my brain wasn't working anymore. I ran out to the side of the road and put my thumb up. His headlights blinded me and I let him see all of me. He passed and I turned to watch him go, but his break lights shot on and he came screeching to a halt.
Why had they stopped, in the video they never stopped. I went running back to my belongings. I could here a door open and close and heavy footsteps on gravel. I slid onto the ground and grabbed found my phone case, with the key tucked in it. I missed my shoes and realized I didn't have time to stop and get them. I could hear him speaking now.
Stranger: "Hey I say you you little minx! You want a ride? I'll give you on if you give me a ride!"
Me: "Oh Go Fuck yourself!"
I yelled back as I started running through the grass at top speed.
Stranger: "no I plan on fucking you!"
I could here him start to run after me, but my age and years of training help me to leave him in the dust rather quickly. As he fell off the chase I could hear him yell
Stranger: "I'll get you yet"
I didn't stop running for almost half a mile. By then I knew he was well away from me and I hid in a little alcove to catch my breath. I was so ducking angry. Angry that I had left my shoes behind for him to probably steal as a momentum. Angry I had let me pussy talk me into doing something so crazy. Angry that even know the thought of being caught and fucked made my pussy gush. As I hid there I teased my pussy imagining he had caught me and dragged me back to his truck. If he had caught me I probably wouldn't have fought. I needed a big hard dick inside me. I'm sure his was tiny though. All lifted truck drivers are compensated for something!;)
I looked at my phone and it read 5:15. Shit I only had only close to an hour to get home. Luckily I hadn't stepped on anything and hurt my feet, but there were still incredible sore from running on hard pavement. I knew that running was no longer an option. Soon though more people would be waking up and going about their day, and even worse soon my parents would be up to start their day. I started walking and made it a few blocks and a turn off the main road when I heard that loud engine again. I tucked myself into the nearest hidey-hole and watched as he slowly crossed the intersection two blacks back. No break lights came on so I know he didn't see me, but know I knew I was being hunted. I had to be more careful. I slowly made my way two more blocks and crept away to look at my phone again. 5:45, shit this was taking to long.
I got up quickly and started walking with as much haste as I could muster. I kept walking even when I heard two women talking coming down the street perpendicular to me. I walked right in front of them as we intersected at the corner and and didn't stop even when they asked me if I was alright. I responded in the affirmative and told them it was just a silly dare. They told me to be careful and kept walking.
Alone again I chided myself for wasting so much time on the way to get my keys. I could have been home thirty or forty minutes ago if I only used my brain. Again I could hear the truck engine, only this time I could see him turning down the street I was on. I jumped down into a ditch behind a car and held my breath. He passed by me slowly, a search light illuminating the air above me. I tried to become the earth, and as slowly as he came he went on. I crawled up and watched him go. He went straight where I needed to turn so I knew I could get away from him again. Finally clear of him, I made my way to the next intersection and turned towards our home. I could hear the rumbling of a neighborhood waking up in the morning. Sprinklers watering the lawns. Cars starting. Dogs barking. And me naked as the day I was born casually walking down the street.
I could see my house in the distance. And heading my way we're two cars I did not recognize. I had been through to much to hide now so I just kept on like nothing was amiss. They drive past me like it was nothing and I didn't even look to know if I'd been seen. I was finally less then a block from my home. I could see it starting there with any luck my parents would still be asleep. After there long weeks they often slept in on Saturday mornings.
All of a sudden I heard something that really scared me.
Voice:"Hey Emily! What you doing out like that this morning?"
Shit I had been caught. I looked to find the voice and saw one of our neighbors Lain looking at me. He was a year older and was taking a gap year before leaving for college. He had got up to take the family dog out and he was staring at me.
Lain: "Wow is that not a sight."
Me: "Shit."
Lain: "Can I get a picture?"
Me: "Please don't."
Lain: "But if I don't get a picture my friends don't see pics they won't believe me."
Me: "You can't tell them."
Lain: "Why shouldn't I?"
I saw the grin on his face. I was going to need to pay up some way.
Me: "What do you want?"
Lain: "I wouldn't mind taking you inside to show you a good time. My parents aren't home."
Me: "I'm not fucking you."
Lain: "Let me call Derek and see if he's awake."
Me. "I'll give you a handjob."
Lain: "No, not enough."
I thought for a second.
Me: "Okay a blowjob."
Now lain took a second to think.
Lain: "only if we do it right here."
He was standing on his front porch. The risk that someone driving by would see us was low.
Me: "Okay, Deal."
Lain had always been an asshole, but without pictures everyone would just assume he was blowing smoke. I probably would have fucked Jim if he pushed it far enough, but I was happy he settled for a blowjob. I also new that it had to be quick. I couldn't go up there and be slow and shy about it. Every second I spent blowing his cock was a second I wasn't in my home.
So I slutted it up. I'd sucked a few cocks and I'd seen plenty of porn. I pushed him down in his porch chair pulled his pants to the ground and went to spitting and swallowing as much of his cock as I could. It grew rapidly in my mouth. Within seconds he was fully hard at an acceptable 5 ins. He had a little girth to him as well, so the experience was not entirely awful. I took him all the way to the base and back up to the tip and soon precum was rolling into my mouth.
I just have been doing something right though because I looked up at him and he was moaning and throwing his head back. I thought about what a good cocksucker would do. I let him out of my mouth and gentle stroked him. I kept him right at the edge and asked,
"Where do you want to come big boy?"
Lain: "On your tits please?"
He was desperate. I had him where I needed him now.
Me: "Only good boys get to cum on these perfect tits. Are you gonna be a good boy?"
Lain: "Yes."
Me: "If you tell anybody about this, that would be what a bad boy would do."
Lain: "I won't tell."
Me: "You Promise? Good boys keep there promises. And when they keep there promises... they keep getting rewarded."
Lain: "Yes I Promise."
Me: "what do you promise?"
I was torturing him at this point.
Lain: "I promise to be a good boy and never tell a soul."
Me: "Okay big boy. Cum for me."
He stood straight up bringing his cock level with my breast and blasted seven streams of thick cum on my waiting breasts. They were absolutely covered in cum. He fell back in his chair exhausted. I stood up and said,
"Boy your were backed up. Remember what we talked about if you keep your promise, I'll make sure you don't get that backed up again."
With that I made my way back off his porch through his yard and towards my house. I could see the sun coming up from
Behind my house. When I arrived in the front yard. It had to be almost 6:30. I'd been out been outside naked for three hours. I sat down on my front porch and tried to decide what to do. I looked down at myself and was shocked. I was covered in both mud and grass, my feet were bruised, and my breasts were dripping warm cum. I had been caught, hunted, and forced to give a blowjob. In that instance instead of running the shower to cry away my pain and regret, I was sat on the front steps teasing my pussy and hoping somebody would come watch me masturbate.
I had lost all control again. My mind was focused on one thing and one thing only. I had had an orgasm building in my gut for three hours. It was there at the tip of my fingers. But I just couldn't get there with fingers alone.
Finally the better angels and need to orgasm won out as the fear I had of my parents discovering me escalated. I put the key in the lock and slowly opened the door. As quietly as I could I made my way up the stairs and into my room. I was safe. I closed the door and fell to the ground slumped against the wall. Emily turned to face me, as gasped.
Emily: "what happened to you!?"
Me: "find me something to fuck myself with right now."
I was teasing my clit keeping myself on edge. Finally she found a hairbrush on my dresser and brought it to me.
Me: "I'm gonna scream, find a way to shut me up."
With that I plunged the handle on the brush into my pussy. It slid in easy and I began pounding it to the brush. It was small and didn't do much, but it satisfied to inch I needed scratched. I looked up at emily ready to cum.
Me: "put something in my mouth to keep me quiet."
She had been in only her tshirt and panties to sleep in. She looked around to find something, then unable she reacted quickly. She slid her panties down and shoved them in my mouth.
I was tasting her juices when I had the strongest orgasm to date. My legs started flailing and twitching. I went limp from the next down, and Emily had to put her hand over my mouth to shut me up.
I laid there basking in the afterglow of my orgasm. Emily back up from me and sat on the edge of the bed. I could see she was playing with herself now.
Emily: "God that's the sexiest thing I've ever seen!"
I watched as she teased her clit harder and harder. Her panting and moshing started to grow until all of a sudden I watched her cum and splay out in the bed.
Emily helped me up and led me to my shower. There was nothing to strip me of, but I was surprised as well when she took off her shirt and got in the shower with me. She claimed that she wanted to make sure I didn't fall, but she did that by hugging me tightly while I rinsed off. She held me from behind first and I rinsed the cum off of myself. Then I turned around and she buried her face in my breasts. Advantage of being tall and her short. Everything was fine though.
We had both been naked around each other before, but this was different. It was much more intimate. She had sent me out on this challenge, and I had come back bruised and dirty. Did she feel like she needed to make up for that. She was rubbing my back and telling me she was proud of me. When she said she was proud of me, the hairs on the back of my next stood up. I guess I may have a praise kink to go along with everything else. I thanked her for making me do it, and not letting me back out. I thanked her for pushing my limits and asked that she kept doing that as often as she could. She stepped back and looked up at me grabbed hold of my face and said,
"Oh you know I will."
With that she pulled me into a deep kiss. It wasn't a friendly kiss either. It was hungry and raw and full of emotions. I had never kissed a women before, but if it made me feel the way I did then, I'll keep doing it.
She backed away and beckoned me to get out of the shower and dry off. She looked out the door to make sure the path was clear and led me to my room. I was so exhausted that my eyes closed before my head even hit the pillow.
It was well past noon again when I woke up. Emily had brought me something to eat and while we ate I told her every detail of the night I had. I left no details out as I relived it in my head. About half way through the food she brought up had been forgotten and we were sat naked on the bed masturbating together. We were shoulder to shoulder teasing our pussies and morning between beats in my story. Emily had brought a cucumber and knife for us to eat with lunch, but we hadn't gotten that far yet. That cucumbers became a green cock and more quickly then you would imagine I had it stuck up my pussy and ready to cum. We held hands as we rode our mutual orgasms to there finish.
Emily had to leave shortly afterwards and I spent the rest of the day recovering. I got online and looked at a few more ideas and bought thought about buying a if I controlled vibrator, but it was to expensive for now and ended up buying a little pink battery operated vibrating dildo. Tomorrow would be Sunday and we always spent grouse as a family. Following that I would be going back to school to finish the rest of me senior year.
I lay in bed that night thinking about everything that had happened in the last week. I had gone from a regular everyday girl to a girl who ran around naked, flashes strangers, and gave blowjobs to keep people quiet. I tried to sleep but there was a nagging in my gut begging to be released. I reached under my bed and found the dildo I stole from Emily. I took a second to really think about what I was about to do. I'd used it many time before, but that could be forgiven as a mistake. I knew now that this dildo was ab exact replica of my brother Levi's cock. Could I really fuck it again?
It didn't take long for me to answer that question. I took the cock into my mouth and starting giving it a sloppy blowjob. I needed it ti be good and lubed for what I wanted to do. I pulled it from my mouth dripping with saliva and ran it down to my hungry waiting pussy. I pressed the tip against my opening and pushed. My brothers cock was inside me again. I closed my eyes and imagined it was real.
I work him in and out of my pussy. Pulling the dildo as far as I could out and then driving it back in. Quickly I could feel an orgasm building up momentum. I got up and stuck the dildo onto me wooden desk chair and started riding it with a fervor. I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth.
"Fuck me Levi, pound my pussy. I'm your good little sister please let me cum on your wonderful cock!"
This imagined fucking put me over the edge. I convulsed in the chair and then squirted all over the floor. What the fuck is wrong with me.