Author's Preface:Everyone in this story is over eighteen years or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
This is a continuation of the Jack series. It's the mid-seventies. It works as a standalone story.
Enjoy.
Jack woke up early, feeling better than he had in years. Annie was still in his arms, right where she was last night. He had dreamed that she would share his bed for the last five years. That's how long he'd known her and how long he'd been in love with her. Finding out that she'd had felt the same way about him, made him feel finally complete. It also made him a little sad that he'd wasted all that time involved with women with no emotional connection. All the sex in his undergraduate years was great, but the older he got, the more he realized that he wanted something else.
He pulled his arm out from under Annie and looked down at her. Her hair was a mess, but she looked happy. Her naked breasts moved slightly with each breath. He loved this woman so much; he couldn't imagine his life without her in it.
He forced himself to get up and go into the bathroom. When he came out, Annie was awake. He went over to the bed and lay down beside her. Annie took her turn in the bathroom. She came back out and jumped on the bed with Jack, his head propped up on a pillow.
Jack asked, "Would you like some breakfast?"
"No. Not right now."
"How about some coffee?"
"No. Not right now."
"Is there anything you do want?"
"Yes," she said. She smiled and reached for Jack's cock. It immediately responded to her touch, and Jack was hard in seconds. She rolled onto her tummy and lay between his legs, and she began licking his shaft.
Annie said, "You remember last night when I said that there were many things I wanted to do to your body?"
"Yes."
"Well, this is one of the things I want to do," she said and licked the tip. "Is that OK?"
Not waiting for an answer, she covered the head of his cock with her lips. She looked at his face with her big blue eyes to see if she had his attention. He was watching her, and she definitely had his attention. She teased the tip with her tongue and Jack moaned.
Jack had fantasized about this for so long. His fantasies weren't even close to being this good. They were merely shadows of this reality.
Annie planned on taking her time. This was the first blowjob that she'd given Jack. Many more lay in his future. She wanted this one to be memorable. Jack had been with many women, and she intended to make him forget them. Although she'd just recently realized it, she'd wanted to do this for five years. She wanted to make him come in her mouth and swallow his cum, but she was going to tease him for a while, a long while, first. She wanted to take him to the edge as many times as possible, stopping every time he was about to come.
She released his crown and moved down lower. It was time to tease his balls. Her tongue ran up from below his sack, between his balls and up to the base of his shaft. She grabbed his cock with her hand but didn't move it. It was too early for that, but it felt so right just to have it in her hand. Jack felt her suck one of his balls into her mouth and swirl her tongue around it. She looked at his face. His eyes were shut, and his mouth hung open. He was obviously enjoying this. Laying between his legs on her front was not the most comfortable position for a blowjob, but she had to see his face.
She put her knees under her body, making her more comfortable. And she had a better angle to work on him for the long tease ahead. Her tongue moved past her hand, and she licked his shaft up to the head. She wanted to map the places where he was most sensitive, as she planned on doing this a lot. She traced around the rim of his crown with her tongue, paying special attention to that sensitive spot on the bottom where his shaft meets the head.
She loved hearing the gentle sound of his breathing becoming deeper. A low moan escaped from his throat. She breathed warm air over his head as she slowly enveloped it with her mouth. His legs and butt were so tense, she thought he might come way too soon. She paused before closing her lips around his shaft. His excitement was building too fast. She slid her lips half-way down his shaft. His hands gripped the sheets and his hips rose off the bed.
She pulled her mouth off his shaft and put her other hand at the top of his cock. Using her thumb, she rubbed the head and blew cool air over it. She felt and saw him relax a little. Her teasing was really getting her worked up. She could feel her wetness dripping down her legs.
Her mouth descended over him again, and she took more of him down this time. He was nearing the entrance to her throat. He began rocking his hips in and out of her mouth.
"I'm going to cum soon, Annie," Jack said.
It was sweet of him to warn her as if she didn't want to swallow every drop of his seed. But she could read his body, and she knew exactly when he was close to coming. She removed her mouth from him and rolled his balls in her hand. "Not yet, you aren't. I'm not nearly done." Jack moaned loudly as she gently rubbed his crown with the tip of her finger. Once more, she could feel him calming.
She took his head in her mouth and then let it pop out again several times, slowly moving down. She wanted to keep him guessing what her next move would be. Annie loved the way his cock filled her mouth. He was big, but not too big. He filled her perfectly. She loved the sight and smell of him. The taste of his salty secretion. She slid past half-way, past three-quarters, and further, until she felt him slip into her throat. Her nose was against his skin.
Jack said through gritted teeth, "I'm going to come!"
She pulled off him and said, "Not yet." She smiled at him.
"You're driving me insane!"
"Well, I hope you're enjoying the ride, because we're not there yet. Do you want me to stop?" She blew cool air up and down his cock.
"No!"
Annie loved the power she had when she gave a blowjob. As soon as she started and for as long as she wanted, she had control over his mind and body. It was her pleasure to give him the most sensual, meaningful experience possible. She was going to blow his mind as well as his cock.
As he calmed again, she swallowed him all at once. He yelled out. She grabbed his hands that were gripping the sheet and put them on the sides of her head. His hips were moving his cock in and out of her mouth faster and faster. She relished the friction created by his movement. It was time.
Jack screamed, "I'm coming, now!" She squeezed her lips tighter around his cock. He unloaded his seed deep into her throat, releasing her head. She continued sucking his shaft as he softened.
When he became too sensitive, he reached down and pulled her up onto his chest like a blanket. He squeezed her to him. He couldn't speak. His scrambled brain could not put words into a sentence. He was trembling, wiped-out, drained. He didn't know what she had done to him, but he wanted her to do it again...after he rested.
He felt Annie roll off his chest. He had forgotten she was lying on him.
Opening his eyes, he saw Annie sitting up cross-legged on the bed, looking proud of herself. Her pussy clearly displayed between her legs with her deep red lips spread open.
She gave him an innocent little schoolgirl look and said, "Was that, OK?"
"Annie, that...was..." Jack tried to form words, but in the end just nodded.
Since he couldn't speak, he pulled her down and began kissing her.
"Now, do you want something to eat?" she asked.
Her kisses had re-energized Jack. "Desperately," he said and pushed her back on the bed.
Jack kissed her mouth again. He hated to leave her mouth, but he had other areas to explore. Her ears, her neck, her collar bone, her breasts; he spent extra time on her breasts and nipples. He'd never seen, much less, touched and sucked, such perfect breasts. Moving on to her belly, he licked and caressed from the bottom of her breasts down to her curly haired mound.
Jack wanted to tease her in the same way she did. He wanted to get her to the brink of orgasm many times, teasing her until she couldn't take it anymore. Then he'd push her over the edge. He wanted her to scream like she had never screamed before. To come like no man had made her come. He spread her legs and very lightly ran his tongue from top to bottom. She gasped when he lightly licked her slit, pushing past her outer lips to her inner ones. He moved to her hip bones and kissed and licked down the top of one leg to her toes. She pushed her hips up to tell him where she wanted his tongue.
"Not yet."
Annie moaned is frustration. "The bastard going to make me wait," Annie thought. Giving Jack that blowjob made her so horny, she couldn't stand to wait. She reached down and touched her clit. She'd get relief on her own.
Jack grabbed her hand, held it, and said, "Not yet."
She desperately reached down with her other hand, and Jack grabbed that one too.
"Do I need to tie your hands?" Jack said.
"That might be fun sometime," Annie thought.
"I need to come! Lick my pussy, you bastard!"
"Soon," Jack said calmly.
"Argh!"
Even more slowly, he licked up the inside of her other leg. She was thrashing back and forth as if it would make him go faster.
When his tongue touched her pussy, she yelled, "Yes!"
He licked up her crevice and around her hard nub, not touching it. She was moaning. She thrust her hips up and side to side trying to move her clit under his tongue. He put his hands on each side of her pussy and spread her lips, exposing her completely. He basked in the sight, taste, and aroma of her.
Jack licked from the bottom of her slit to her entrance, and she pushed against him, trying to force him inside her. He continued upward and just barely touched her clit.
Her breathing was ragged, her fingers were white from gripping the sheet. Every muscle in her body was tense. One hard lick on her clit would send her over the edge. He needed her to calm down. He blew cool air over her pussy, then started again at the bottom of her slit. She grabbed his hair and tried to pull his head up. But he wouldn't budge. Her breathing was slowing. He was at her entrance again. He could feel her tension building, like a rubber band stretching to near its breaking point. Her clit was engorged. He pushed his tongue as deep as he could, and her wetness flowed out of her. She wrapped her legs around him. She was not going to let him go this time. If he stopped this time, she was going to find something to beat him with.
"Yes! More! Please!"
He circled her clit faster and faster, each circle getting a tiny bit closer, until he kissed it as softly as he could. A thin scream broke from her throat. A scream that told Jack that she was right on the edge. She was ready. He formed his mouth around her clit and flicked his tongue rapidly over her tight bundle of nerves.
Annie fell over the edge so hard she wasn't sure what hit her. Her eyes clamped shut as her climax consumed her. She screamed and continued screaming. Every nerve ending in her body fired at once. She froze with her muscle's rigid. Her back arched. Her toes curled until they felt numb. She couldn't feel her fingers. She held Jack between her legs with her thighs crushing his head, trying to hold on to the sensation and to go higher. Jack sucked her clit harder, and another orgasm hit her before the last one faded. It was too much; she was too far gone. The pleasure was too intense. She shouted and sobbed, twisted and writhed, flailed and screamed. Grabbing Jack by the hair, she pulled him tight against her pussy. She couldn't take this, but she wanted more. She'd never felt this way before and didn't want it to end.
Then it was over, like a wave crashing then receding to the sea. She lay panting on the bed, flat on her back, legs spread, eyes closed, and mouth open. Annie wasn't sure she could find words with which to speak, but there was nothing to say. She twitched with aftershocks. Jack touched her and she cried out. She couldn't take any more stimulation.
As she became coherent, she saw Jack staring down at her, looking pleased with himself. Annie thought, "God, he knows was he's doing." She was hooked on him, like a drug. Not only was he tall, handsome, talented, kind, and gentle, he could make her come like she never had before. How could she be so lucky? Why did she waste the last five years?
"Was that, OK?" Jack said.
"Don't be smug. Come and kiss me." It was a lover's kiss. Soft and tender.
"God, you're good at that," she said.
After a few minutes, she pulled him up on top of her and kissed him.
"I like it when you lay on top of me. It makes me feel safe."
"I'm not crushing you?"
"Yeah, but it feels good."
Feeling something between her legs, Annie said, "Are you hard again?"
"Yeah."
"Good."
Jack said, "Do you want to try something new." Annie looked intrigued.
Jack sat on the bed cross-legged, his erection pointed up.
"Come sit on my lap," he said.
"How?" This was something she'd never done before.
"Face me and lower yourself on my lap and wrap your legs around my waist."
It took a couple of tries, but she got into the position. She felt his cock slide deep inside her, and he held her to his chest.
"This is the lotus position. It's a very intimate position between two people. In the Kama Sutra, it represents the union of the masculine and feminine energies."
Jack was rocking his hips back and forth while staring into her eyes. They were so close that she couldn't look away, and she didn't want to. They couldn't move much in this position, just a gentle rocking motion. It pressed Jack's pelvis against her clit and squeezed his cock with her pussy. It wasn't a position for fast and hard fucking. There would be no quick satisfaction. It was a position for closeness and awareness of each other. They kissed and sucked and nibbled at each other's mouths while rocking with each other. The kissing was passionate, and they enjoyed the face-to-face closeness. As they learned how each other moved, their rhythms began to sync and the speed of rocking increased. They were breathing together now. They could feel the pounding of their hearts as they continued kissing. Their passion was rising, and they felt themselves becoming one. They climaxed with their lips still pressed together.
They continued hugging each other like that for a while before untangled themselves. They lay next to each other on the bed, holding each other's hands. Neither spoke. There were not words for this emotional experience that neither had felt before.
Annie rolled over and looked at Jack and said, "That was incredible. I love you, Jack."
"I love you too, Annie."
A few minutes later, Jack said, "This morning, before you woke up, I watched you sleeping naked. I wanted to take your picture, but I wanted to get your permission first. Would you have minded?" Jack asked.
"I don't think I would have looked very good. I was probably drooling, but I trust you. You can take my picture any time you want. If I'm naked, ask me before you show the picture to anyone," she said.
"Trust me, you looked glorious. You looked so peaceful. I don't think I could take a bad picture of you."
Jack said, "I have a confession. Back when I was living with you and Tom, I came home one day and there were no cars in the drive. I thought I was alone, so I went into Tom's room to get something. You and Tom were spread out on his waterbed, asleep. The top sheet was gone, and I saw you completely naked. You were lying on your back with your legs spread towards the door. Tom's cum was oozing out of you. I stood there and looked much longer than I should have, staring at you. I wanted to take a picture of you, but it would have been wrong. It made me so jealous. That was one of the reasons I moved out."
Annie said, "Jack, I wasn't asleep. When I heard you come into the house, I moved to that position, hoping you would come in and see me. When you did, it was thrilling. I could feel your eyes taking in my body, looking at my sex. The thought of you seeing me like that almost made me come. I wish you had taken a picture."
"Annie, you don't have to answer now, but I'd like you to move in with me."
"I don't need to think. Where can I put my stuff?"
Jack pulled her in to kiss and hug her.
"Are you hard, again? Can you wait a while? I've got to clean up and get something to eat."
"Do you want to go out for breakfast, or should I cook?" Jacked asked.
"If you cook, I don't have to get dressed."
"Breakfast will be ready soon."
Annie headed to the shower and Jack went downstairs and started cooking. Annie came down in one of Jack's t-shirts and had eggs, bacon, toast, juice, and coffee waiting for her.
"Keep this up, and you're going to spoil me."
"That's the plan. I called a friend with a truck. We can borrow it over the weekend to move."
"This will work out great," she said, "my lease is up at the end of the month. I was going to go back home over the summer, but I'd much rather spend the summer with you."
"OK. I'll drop you off, and then I need to talk to Gavin about using his studio during the summer. I'll come later and help."
After breakfast, they went by several liquor and grocery stores to get boxes to pack up Annie's things. They stopped by Handy Dan's for some packing tape. She didn't have much to pack since she'd only moved in nine months ago. She had gone through and discarded most of her unwanted possessions then.
He dropped her off and went by Gavin's studio to make sure everything was set for the next day. He wasn't wild about using Gavin's space, but he couldn't afford his own right now. Renting Gavin's studio wasn't cheap, but it came fully equipped and looked professional. Gavin also needed help paying for the space. None of them had enough clients to pay for a professional studio. He rented it to several people, and it was sometimes hard to schedule it and your clients. More than anything else, clients had to know you were a professional.
He went by Annie's and saw that she was almost finished packing. There was a pile of boxes sitting on the living room floor. She had a couple of boxes she wanted to take home today. It looked like they could get everything else in one load on Saturday. Of course, there's always more than you think, but it didn't look bad. Jack helped her move a few boxes of books and albums, and they quit for the day.
"Do you want to go out to dinner tonight?" Jack asked.
"Sure."
"Do you want to eat by ourselves, or I've got a couple of friends I could invite?"
"Let's just go by ourselves. I don't want to share you today."
"El Matamoros, Night Hawk?"
"Mexican sounds good. Let's go to El Matamoros around 7:00. That will give me plenty of time to get cleaned up."
Dinner was good as usual. El Matamoros was one of their favorite places. Since it was a weeknight, they weren't busy, so the waitress was in no hurry for them to leave. She and Jack spent a couple of hours chatting and eating the constantly resupplied chips. Jack kept taking pictures of her across the table.
When they left, Jack asked, "Have you ever been to the capital building?"
"No, but it's closed now."
"Nope. It's open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It must be a law. Let's go. You'll love it."
"OK."
They pulled into the empty parking lot.
"Are you sure it's open?"
"Yes, and besides the guard knows me."
They walked through the front doors and Jack and the guard exchanged pleasantries. Jack asked about his wife and kid and introduced Annie to him as his girlfriend. Annie thought that sounded wonderful. She enjoyed the title.
They wandered around looking at all the exhibits. Jack, of course, took pictures of Annie as she looked at the large dome that echoed above them.
They didn't stay long. Although it was open, a lot of the areas stayed locked. But Annie enjoyed it. It was one of Jack's favorite places to go late at night. It's hard to find somewhere in the city so quiet.
After they were outside, Jack said, "I shouldn't have told you it was open. Then I could have impressed you by talking my way in."
"I'm plenty impressed by you, Jack. Are you trying to talk me out of my pants?"
"Now that you mention it..."
Annie slid next to him in the car and snuggled up. She started stroking his cock through his pants.
"That could cause an accident," Jack said.
"Would you like me to stop?"
"Ooh. I didn't say that. Let me think about it for a while."
As he drove down the empty road a couple of miles from home, Annie, unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled down his zipper. She pulled his cock out and he groaned. She'd been teasing him for so long; she knew he was going to come quickly. Her lips closed around his shaft, and she played with the crown. In less than thirty seconds, he unloaded into her mouth. She swallowed and licked him clean. She didn't want him to stain his pants.
He looked down at her, and she said, "Watch the road."
Once home, he sat there panting and said, "That was unforgettable." They walked to the door and Jack picked her up in his arms and carried her across the threshold.
"Our first night living together." Jack said.
They ran to the bedroom, and took advantage of each other with slow, passionate lovemaking, celebrating their first night as a couple living together.
Jack woke up early again and Annie was peacefully asleep. Most of the covers were off her, leaving her naked. He grabbed a camera and started taking pictures of her. The sound of the shutter woke her, and she covered her face, saying, "I must look awful." But she couldn't hide her infectious smile. Jack jumped on the bed and tickled her. They rolled around laughing in that way that only new lovers can.
"Do you want to go to the Tower for breakfast," Jack asked.
The Tower Restaurant was an institution that had been serving breakfast to students forever. It was just north of campus. Jack ate breakfast there whenever he didn't want to cook. They served great honey buns and omelets.
"Sure," she said. "Let me take a shower and get dressed."
When they got to the restaurant, they ordered omelets and hash browns and sat down in a booth. Jack had a camera, as he usually did, and took Annie's picture as they talked.
Jack asked, "Do you have any plans for the day?"
"I guess I'll keep packing up my stuff. Unless I get a better offer."
"Would you like to come to a photo shoot? I've got a soon-to-be bride that wants me to take glamour pictures of her as a wedding gift for her future husband."
"I'd love to see you in action. How racy are these pictures going to be?"
"From our initial consultation, she wants to go from a sexy dress to lingerie to tasteful nudes. She seemed a bit nervous, but I can get her to relax and get the pictures she wants. It may take a while to get to the nudes. I asked her if she wanted to bring someone as a chaperon, but she said no. It will be nice to have a woman there to make her feel more comfortable."
"That sounds like fun. When?"
"The appointment is at two o'clock. I need to be there about one to get everything set up. You can help if you want."
They arrived a little early. Gavin was there. He had a client coming in at eight, so the space was ours until seven.
"Gavin, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Annie. I'll never tire of saying that."
"Hi Gavin."
"Hi Annie. I'm glad to finally meet you. Jack's been talking about you for years."
"Annie's going to help me out with the shoot today."
"Hey Jack. Are you planning to use the studio a lot this summer?" Gavin asked.
"I'd like to if I can find the business."
"Let me just give you a key. It will make things easier."
Jack took the key and thanked him. He led Annie back to the studio.
"I'll see you all about 7:00."
Annie had never been in a photography studio. The space was bigger than she would have guessed. Jack gave her a tour. There were two walls painted white for use as backgrounds. The lights were on rollers, so you could move them easily. There was a dressing/bathroom area and a lighted makeup table on one wall. Annie looked in the dressing area and saw a clothing rack full of clothes. Most of the space was filled with props such as couches, chairs, and a full-size brass bed.
After the tour, Mark put Annie to work. They put chestnut colored seamless paper on one wall and moved a small couch on top of it. Mark rolled the lights into place and adjusted their angle and brightness. He showed Annie how to do each step. He hoped that she would be able to function as a helper soon.
"Annie, would you mind sitting on the couch. It will help me make the final adjustments of the lights."
Annie noticed that in the studio, he used a panty-dropping baritone voice dripping with testosterone and confidence. She found it irresistible, and she wanted to do whatever he said.
Annie sat on the couch as Jack fiddled with the lights. She could barely see Jack - the lights shining on her were brighter than the ambient lighting. She started striking poses as if he were taking her picture. Jack started giving her directions on how to move. She liked posing the way Jack told her. In this realm, he was in charge. If he told her to pose some way, she would do it without question.
They set up the second set with the brass bed and made it up with red satin sheets. Jack rolled in some more lights and adjusted them. Once again, he had Annie fill-in as the model. Jack gave her posing instructions. As she reclined on the bed, she thought about what it would be like having her pictures taken in sexy lingerie or naked. The thought excited her, as did thinking about Jack behind the lights watching her.
The bell on the front door rang, and they went to greet the client.
She was a beautiful young woman, probably just out of college, carrying a small suitcase. She was tall and slender, with medium-sized breasts and wavy red hair. Mark had suggested she get her hair and makeup done at a shop down the street, and they did a wonderful job. He knew a stylist there, that knew how to do makeup for the camera. She had her fingernails and toenails painted with bright red lacquer.
"Hi, Debbie. You look fantastic. I love it when mother nature has done most of the work for me." Debbie blushed a little. "This is my girlfriend, Annie. She's going to help with the shoot today. Are you ready?"
She nodded.
"OK. A couple of things first. I need you to read and sign this. It's the same contract I sent home with you, but I filled in some of the things we talked about at our first meeting. It says what kind of pictures you want me to take and the price. If you read what I sent home with you, you can just read the highlighted paragraphs. Did you bring the outfits you want to wear? We have some other things if you like. Did you remember to not wear panties or a bra?"
Debbie nodded as she signed the contract.
"Are you nervous?"
She nodded again.
"Would you like a glass of wine?"
"Yes, please. A large one." Annie got her a glass, which she knocked back and asked for another.
"There's no reason to be nervous, but it happens to everyone. You look gorgeous. I promise this will be fun. At first, it's going to feel odd to have a stranger looking at you and telling you what to do, but there is nothing I haven't seen. I hope by the end of the session, you don't think of me as a stranger."
"Let yourself go. I won't let you do anything inappropriate. If I tell you to pose in a way that is uncomfortable for you, tell me, and we can take a break and let you think about it. You need to feel comfortable for this to work. I'll steer you a little towards your goals we talked about, but if you change your mind, it's fine. My job is to make these pictures as beautiful as you are." His voice was reassuring, soothing, and oozing with self-confidence.
"Oh, I know the contract says two hours for the shoot, but if it takes longer to get what we want, we can take as much time as we need. And if there's anything that you're nervous about saying to me, Annie will be here to talk too."
"OK, let's go into the studio and get started." His voice was different, with a new tone of upbeat excitement.
They went into the studio and over to the dressing area.
"Let's see what you brought," Jack said.
Debbie pulled items out of her case and hung them up on a clothes rack. There were several good choices. Jack looked at one that was a somewhat conservative, form-fitting white dress. Made of a stretchy material, it had a scoop neckline, an open back, and the length was above the knee.
Jack picked up the dress and held it up to the light. "This is beautiful. Let's start with this one. What do you wear with it?"
"Panties and a bra, stockings, a necklace, earrings and white shoes."
"Can you try it on for me?"
Debbie went off to the changing room. That gave Jack and Annie a chance to talk.
"Why did you tell her she could ask me things? What am I going to tell her?" Annie asked.
"I'm sorry to spring that on you. If she asks you anything, either reassure her or bring me her question. She seems so nervous. She'll probably ask things like 'Does this look OK.' Be honest with her. My guess is she will look great. She just needs a bit of reassurance, to let herself loose and get the pictures she wants. She wants pictures that are very revealing to give to her husband on their wedding night."
"We'll build up to that. But she needs someone's permission to have them taken. She's outside her comfort zone. She needs someone to tell her it's alright for her to get naked in front of strangers to please her husband. Right now, she's way too nervous for revealing shots, but she won't settle for something less than that. She'll feel bad for chickening out and won't like the pictures. That's why we're starting with something conservative. In fact, when she comes out, she'll be way too nervous and stiff even in that outfit. She'll be thinking about what will be coming later. Oh, and if you see something wrong, like a loose thread or a bad wrinkle, please tell either her or me. Here she comes."
Debbie came out and asked, "How's this?"
"That dress is stunning. It shows off that sexy figure of yours. Come over here in the lights." Jack placed her in front of the camera and stepped back to look at her. "I was afraid of this. When the light shines on the dress, it looks good, but it's spoiled by your panties and bra. They show through and cause lines that don't look attractive. Also, the dress has a great low-cut back, but we can't show it with a bra strap across your back. Tell you what, why don't you slip out of your underclothes, and let's look at it again. But leave the stockings."
"But won't that show too much?"
"It will be just the same, but without those lines. If after you see it, you don't like the way it looks, we'll switch."
"OK," she said skeptically and went to change.
When she came out, she looked embarrassed, and said, "I feel naked."
"I don't know why. Nothing is showing and you look just wonderful." Jack went over to the makeup table and got a comb.
"Come over here in front of the mirror." Jack stood behind her, straightened a few wrinkles out of her dress, and combed a few stray hairs away from her face. "If your husband doesn't like the way you look in this, he must be dead. You look gorgeous. Come over into the lights."
"Everything looks smooth and sexy, and nothing shows through. Let me take a couple of shots. Remember that it's your choice, what pictures go into the album. One in this dress would be great to start. The album should start with glamorous, but not too revealing shots, and build to racier ones at the end."
"Are you sure it's, OK?"
"I'll take a quick Polaroid and you can see what you look like." Jack took the picture and while it developed, he called Annie over. They all looked at the picture and agreed that she looked great in the dress.
"You're right, it looks good.Ilook good."
"You are so photogenic; it would be hard to take a bad picture of you. Did you ever consider modeling professionally?"
Debbie blushed.
Jack went back to the camera and shot several pictures. He had her turn to her left and to her right and took shots from every angle, he kept her moving, so she wouldn't think. "Now, turn with your back to me and then look down at the floor on your right. Perfect. I bet your fiancé loves to look at your butt." Debbie blushed again. "Oh, you like it when he looks at your butt."
"Stay with your back towards me and rotate your right shoulder this way. Swing your head towards the camera and look at it from the corner of your eye. Rotate a little more and lean your shoulders back."
"Perfect. Now spin around with your arms out. Perfect."
Debbie said, "It's a little hot under these lights. Can I get another glass of wine?"
"Sure, and I'll turn the A/C down a little and get a fan out." Annie brought her another glass while Jack messed with the A/C and got the fan.
Debbie asked Annie, "Did that really look OK." She was breathing a little hard from the exertion.
Annie said, "Honestly, you looked great, and you look relaxed now. You look like you're having fun."
"I am having fun. I was terrified when I came in. I almost left. But Jack seems to know how to make me look good. I think, with his help, I can get the pictures I'm looking for. These are for my new husband on our wedding night." They felt a fan blowing on them that cooled them off.
"Are you ready for a few more in this outfit?" Debbie nodded. "Annie, could you get her stray hairs in place. We're not ready for the bed head look yet." Jack said and smiled broadly. Annie fixed Debbie's hair.
"OK, Debbie, stand facing towards the camera. Rotate your shoulders a little to the right, put your right foot out in front of you, and lean it in." Debbie tried, but it didn't look or feel right. Jack walked up to her. "That's close but...do you mind if I touch you?"
"No, I don't mind," she said.
"Annie, could you bring me the powder on the dressing table."
Jack put his hand on her shoulders and rotated them slightly. Then he adjusted the position of her legs and thighs and moved her hips a little. Debbie felt her body fall into a comfortable position. Jack moved her hands to the narrowest part of her waist.
Annie noticed that Debbie's nipples were hard. She didn't know whether it was the fan or Jack's touch that made them that way. Annie noticed that her nipples were hard, too.
"I'm going to put a little powder on you to reduce some hot spots on your skin." He dabbed powder on her face, neck, and upper chest.
"Ooh, that tickles."
Jack took a few pictures of her like that, having her move her head to the camera as he moved around her. He had her move her hands and arms between shots.
"I love the way the fan is blowing your hair."
"Let's try this, for a little sexier look." Without waiting for an answer, Jack had her turn her hips away from the camera and her chest towards it.
"Now pull the dress up so you're showing off the top of your stocking." She pulled her hem up her leg to the very bottom of her stocking. Jack began shooting. "With those legs, I'm sure you'd show your husband more leg than that." Debbie giggled and pulled it up until Jack could see her skin. "Oh, that's so hot. Keep looking right at the camera as I move around." He shot several angles. He got down on one knee right in front of her and pointed the camera up her leg to her face. "I want a look that says, 'Think what you'll see when we get home.' Annie, what's a good image for her?"
"You're showing a peek at how lucky he is," she said. Debbie looked at the camera with a devilish smile.
"Perfect. That was great."
"OK, Debbie, straighten your skirt and pull the top of your dress off your right shoulder." Debbie didn't even blink and pulled it onto her arm.
"Perfect," Jack said, and took several pictures. He stopped and approached her, repositioning her hands on her waist. He took several more shots. Making sure he took some head and shoulder shots that included her hard nipples.
"Now pull the dress off the other shoulder the same way." She did it without question, and Jack went in to adjust the dress so that it was even on both sides. He lowered the whole dress a little, so that her nipples were almost showing, flattening the fabric with his hands where it bunched up. He took several full-length shots as well as some closeups.
Annie looked at Jack as he flattened the dress over Debbie's tummy, butt, and hips. She realized that he was completely in control. Debbie was happy for Jack to touch her all over. When he touched her in a more sensitive spot, she would close her eyes and breathe in sharply. He moved so fast that she didn't have a chance to object or think about anything. She just kept doing exactly what Jack told her to and seemed to be thoroughly enjoying it.
"Let's take a break. You are doing great, and these pictures are going to knock the socks off your husband. That's about all for that outfit. Let's see what else you brought."
They all went over to the clothes rack and Jack pulled out several nightgowns. Some were long and some were more baby-doll styles. He pulled each of them off the rack and held them up to her. He picked one that was red, translucent, and below the knee. It buttoned down the front. The panties and bra matched and were lacy and shear and showed everything.
"How about this one?" Jack asked. "The color works great with your hair."
"That's my favorite. The red fabric makes me feel sexy all over."
"Perfect. We want something that makes you feel sexy. It will show in the pictures. You can't hide feeling sexy. Slip into that while I change the background and reload my cameras."
He pulled Annie aside and told her, "Steer her away from the wine and get some water into her. I'm worried she won't be able to drive home and that could be hard for her to explain. I'll pour all but a tiny bit out of the bottle. She can have the last little bit if she wants." He filled Annie's glass full and poured all but half an ounce down the sink. "You're not driving."
He rolled down a backdrop that looked like dark wallpaper from an old house. It went great with the couch. The red from the fabric, and her hair would look perfect against it. He went to load his cameras and noticed that Debbie had already changed. She was sitting and chatting with Annie while they both drank the remaining wine. The gown was thin lace that hid almost nothing, and she didn't mind sitting around, talking to Annie, wearing it. That was a good sign.
Jack said, "Ready?"
Debbie walked over to the set, and looked a little worried.
"Jack, this doesn't cover much."
"It looks spectacular on you. I wish I could see your husband drool when he sees the pictures. You're not getting nervous on me again, are you?"
"A little."
"OK, do this. Put your arms at your sides. Pull out the edges of your gown and hold them out." Jack demonstrated as best he could. They all laughed. Debbie posed like Jack. "Now look into that mirror and twist back and forth, swinging the gown. Watch how the gown flows around you." She did, and after a few swings, started laughing. She went from being nervous about her exposure, to being happy and excited. "Look at your hips move. That looks really sexy."
Annie watched amazed. She didn't know how Jack had done it. He turned this girl who would barely speak, into a beautiful woman that was willing to do anything for him. The funny thing was that it was turning Annie on too.
"If you think that this gown isn't too revealing, then I trust you," Debbie said, and smiled at Jack.
"You looked so good swinging that gown around, I want you to do it for the camera. Stand right there." Jack got the fan out and turned it towards her, blowing her hair. "Start swinging and swaying the gown around and relax you neck swing your hair too."
Jack shot as he talked.
"Did you buy this nightgown for him?" She nodded. "Perfect."
"It's not too revealing and your husband's going to love it. Now get your cute little butt over to the couch and sit on the left side." She did. She had given up her control to Jack and he knew it.
Jack grabbed a brush and fixed her hair.
"Lean back on the arm of the couch. Now put both legs straight out on the couch and bend your back knee so that your foot is beside your front knee. Now open the gown to uncover your back leg."
"I can't get it right. Can you help me?"
Jack walked over and moved her legs and gown into place.
Debbie couldn't believe how easy it was to pose for Jack. He was very handsome, but handsome men didn't have this kind of effect on her. She was a little drunk, but she drank quite a bit, and it never made her feel like this. There was something special about Jack or this situation. He was professional and confident. That made him extremely attractive. She wanted to follow his instructions to make him happy. When he told her how beautiful she looked, it made her feel like a schoolgirl inside. He thought she had a cute little butt.
Every time he said, "perfect," it made her proud and made her want to please him, even more, the next time. The feeling was sexual, too. When he touched her to change her position, it made her feel weak in the knees. It wasn't like what she felt with her boyfriend, it was more primal. If Jack told her to take out his cock and give him a blowjob, she would gladly do it. That was a hard image to get out of her mind. Especially when he was standing with his cock at her eye level, inches from her. Jack never said anything sexual to her, other than how much her husband was going to like the pictures. She didn't have a husband. She wasn't married yet, and she was young and attractive. Maybe a pre-wedding fuck? She needed to stop thinking that way, but she could hardly control herself.
"Debbie? Earth to Debbie." Debbie shook her head. "Are you ready for the next pose?"
"I seem to be having trouble following your posing instructions. Why don't you just put me in position."
Jack told her to open the nightgown completely. He moved it until it now just covered her arms. Only the lacy bra and tiny panties covered her. He helped her rotate her hips towards the camera. She leaned against the couch and Jack put one of her arms on the back and the other on the arm of the couch. She was pressed into the corner of the couch, arms spread, showing off her body.
Jack said, "Arch your back and push out your breasts."
"Perfect."
There was that word again. Arching her back, made her breasts look bigger and more inviting. She looked down, and she clearly saw her hard nipples through the thin lace of her bra. They were trying to poke through the fabric. It made her smile. When she moved, the fabric rubbed against her nipples, keeping them constantly hard. She knew Jack could see them. She needed him to see.
Jack put one of her legs on the ground and one on the couch with the knee bent slightly. Her legs spread a little as Jack moved them. When the cool air touched her panties between her legs, she realized she was soaking wet. She was sure he could tell.
Jack could smell her sex as he leaned over her, adjusting her position. He saw that her panties were wet. Her excitement would show in her face for the pictures.
As he began to move back to the camera, Debbie whispered to him, "I'm afraid my panties are wet. Will that ruin the pictures?"
"It happens. Don't worry about it. If any pictures show the wet spot, we can put that in your 'personal' collection."
Jack picked up his camera and began to shoot. He told her to think about her best sexual experience, real or imagined, and when she had the image in her mind, to look straight into the lens. She thought about Jack taking her on the couch, now. Her expression was perfect. He repeated the shot from several angles and from above and below.
"That was perfect. It must have been a great memory."
"Oh, it was," she said and giggled.
"One more pose in this outfit." Jack walked over to help her. "Take off the nightgown." She couldn't get it off fast enough. She wanted to rip it all off.
"Kneel on the couch facing the back." He held her hips and lowered her arms and shoulders so that her front was leaning over the back. "Now, push your butt out and look behind you. I want your face to look like you are inviting your husband to take you from behind." He pulled her hips towards him slightly and grabbed his camera. She bit her lip, thinking about what Jack could see. And Annie. She'd forgotten that Annie was there. "Can she see how wet I am? Does she know what's going on in my mind?"
"But the wet spot?"
"Don't worry about it. When you're ready, turn and look at the lens."
When she looked back, Jack took the picture and said, "Perfect." Debbie shuddered. She couldn't help it. She didn't think about her boyfriend taking her, she thought about Jack grabbing her hips with his powerful hands and shoving his cock into her.
"OK. Time for another outfit."
Debbie got up, feeling disoriented and a little shaky in the knees. She walked back to the dressing area. She didn't bother to put her nightgown back on as she went. Annie could see she was wet. When she saw Annie, she felt a little embarrassed. Jack came over to help with the next outfit. Annie looked to see if he was hard, and he wasn't. She was amazed. How was he not hard after that?
He picked up a pink camisole with pink lacy panties and bra. He told Debbie that there was a robe she could use in the dressing room.
Jack went to reload his cameras and made some final adjustments to the set and lights.
When Debbie came out of the dressing room, she didn't bother using the robe. She strutted over to the set in her little pink outfit, swaying her hips.
"Oh, my. That looks fabulous. Your husband is a lucky man. He'll go nuts when he sees this set. I can just imagine what your wedding night will be like."
"We're going to do a set of photos on the bed. It's sort of like a strip tease. As you take off your clothes, you can use the sheets to cover or leave uncovered any parts of your body. You're teasing your husband. You're not showing him everything yet, just a little to get him going. Get in the middle of the bed and kneel sitting on your feet, facing me. Shake your head a little and run your fingers through your hair, so it looks like you've been in bed. Hair is never neat in bed," Jack smiled. "Just a little more." Jack flipped up her hair to mess it up and then smoothed it with it still messy. "Perfect."
"Pull the sheet up so that it covers you to your chin. Don't cover your shoulders. We want part of the camisole to show." She pulled up the sheet and held it up tight with both hands. Her arms pushed her breasts out. Jack took a couple of shots of her before she removed anything. "Now, take off your camisole and put it on the bed in front of you. You want him to know that you've taken it off. Hold the sheet so he can see more of your shoulders and chest. Hold it with just one hand and rest the other in your lap." When her hand touched her lap, she wanted to scream.
Jack took pictures while he talked. "Show the sides of your bra more. Here, like this." He took the sheet and pulled it up to a point so that both bra cups were showing, but the sheet was up at her chin.
"Perfect. Give me a coquettish look. Put your chin down and look at the lens with just your eyes."
"Perfect. That's the look I wanted."
"Keep the sheet where it is while I unhook your bra." Debbie nodded.
Jack unclasped her bra. He adjusted it so that the outside of her breasts showed, and the straps were on her arms.
"Lower the sheet a little, to just under your collarbone."
Debbie was more aroused than she'd ever been. She wanted to throw off the sheet and grab Jack.
"Perfect. Now take off your bra, cover your breasts with the sheet and hold it with your left hand. With your other hand, hold the bra out in front of you as if you are offering it to your husband. Look at the camera like, 'I know what you want, and you'll get it, just be patient'".
When she took off her bra, she exposed her breast fully to Jack for the first time. She loved showing off her tits for Jack, and she didn't want to cover them again. But she followed Jack's instructions.
She held out her bra and smiled as if to say, "There's more coming." She wasn't thinking about her boyfriend.
"Perfect. Your husband will want to jump you at this point."
"OK, put the bra on the camisole and hold the sheet at the middle of your tummy."
"Perfect. He will finally see your naked breasts. If you don't mind my saying so, you have magnificent breasts. You may have to restrain your husband at this point." She wondered if Jack could tell that she wantedhim, not her boyfriend.
"Now, take off your panties."
"Jack, I'm going to have to get out of this position to do that. I need to move around a bit too or my legs may cramp." Now was her chance to show him everything.
Debbie got off the bed and turned, facing away from Jack. She grabbed the edges of her panties, kept her legs straight, and pulled them off slowly. Jack took a picture with her panties about halfway down.
Debbie said, "Naughty boy." She turned around facing Jack and smiled.
Annie was shocked. Debbie had just shown Jack everything she had, in a very sexy way. That bitch wanted her man. Annie thought about how much she was going to hurt that bitch if she touched Jack.
Debbie walked around for a minute to "get the circulation back in her legs" but she was clearly showing off for Jack.
"Better? Get back into the same position and offer your panties to your husband."
"Perfect." Now last shot. Let go of the sheet and put your left hand in your lap. Give him the "come here" gesture with your right. You're inviting him into your bed for a night of pleasure. Show him with your smile how much you want him. Pull the sheet down to just show a little hair. Leave the sheet wrinkled." Jack helped her position the sheet.
"Perfect. Now we can get a few more shots of you on the bed, and we'll be done. Lie down on your front facing me. I'll adjust the sheet on top of you."
"Why shouldn't I just be naked?" she asked with big eyes, looking up at Jack.
"Believe it or not, you'll look sexier with something covered. It leaves a little to the imagination. I can take it both ways, but you'll like it better with a bit covered. You want some mystery. That's how the lingerie makers get you to buy their products. If you just walk up to your husband naked, he'll love it. But if you walk up in lingerie and he gets to unwrap you before he enjoys you, he'll ravish you. We give wrapped Christmas presents for a reason. The anticipation and surprise are half the fun."
Annie thought that she didn't have any lingerie. She needed to go shopping.
"Fold your arms in front of you and put your head on them. Close your eyes and think of something sexy." She did, and about Jack licking her pussy.
Jack went over and moved her hair a bit, then stepped back and took her picture.
"Stay still." He grabbed the sheet on the other side of her and pulled it over her back, leaving her side completely bare, and took another picture. "When we go over the pictures, you'll see the difference."
He shot her in several more poses, covering various parts of her body.
Jack said, "I think we're done."
Debbie rolled over on her back, bent her knees, and spread her legs. "We haven't taken any like this, Jack."
Annie was on her feet.
"That's not my style, and you don't want that. You've trusted me to take extremely intimate pictures of you today. They will be great. I'm sure your husband knows how gorgeous you are, but these pictures will last a lifetime. I know that your husband will look at them many, many times over the years, and he'll never forget the gift that you are giving him. You will both love the pictures I took today, and I'd like to think you had fun having them taken. If I took any pictures of you like that, I would be betraying the trust you put in me. You'd be embarrassed that I took them, and it would sully the fun, sexy time we've had today."
"OK," she said, looking a little confused.
"You did great today, and you're going to love the pictures. Go get dressed now, and I'll call next week when the proofs are in. Or you can call me if you prefer. We'll sit down and go through them and pick the best for your husband's book. If you don't like what you see, we can re-shoot some." She walked to the dressing room naked.
She dressed and packed up her things. She walked over to Annie and gave her a hug and said, "Thank you."
Jack escorted her to the front door and asked, "Are you OK to drive?" She nodded and gave Jack a big hug and a little peck on the cheek and said, "Thank you for a special day."
After the shoot was over, Annie was mystified. Dumbfounded.
"Jack, how did you do that?"
"Do what?"
"Talk a scared young woman in to taking her clothes off for you."
"That's why she came to me. She wanted a picture book of her in sexy clothes and tastefully nude to give to her husband. And boy is he in for a treat tonight. She's going to attack him. He won't know what hit him and he won't know why."
Annie said, "She was terrified when she came here. She almost left. But two hours later, she wanted to rape you. She would have tried if I wasn't here. Hell, she spread her legs wanting you to take her, right in front of me."
"I told you a few days ago that for some women, especially in their first shoots, find the process highly erotic."
"But she didn't just change her mind, you did something. What?"
"I just altered her perception a little."
"How?"
"I can't tell you all my secrets. What if I want you to do something someday? You'll see it coming."
Annie glared at me.
"OK. It started a week ago when she came in to talk about the shoot. She wanted a couple of shots of her to give to her husband on their wedding night. I asked her a few questions about what kind of pictures she was interested in. She told me that she wanted just a full-length shot and a head and shoulders shot. I suspected she wanted more. She was at the age that a woman looks her best. She was beautiful and had a great body."
"I told her I could do that and showed her a book labeled, 'For my darling husband Steve,' and another labeled, 'Private." I told her to look at the first couple of pages to see a sample of my work. Then I left her alone for a while with the books. I knew she would look through the whole book. The first couple of pictures were straight portraits, but the rest of the pictures in the book were of the bride in various stages of undress. When I returned, she was a little flushed. After stammering a little, she asked me about the other pictures."
"Do you remember how you felt when you first looked at my portfolios?"
"Yes, they made me horny," she said.
"Those pictures did the same thing to her. She visualized what she would look like in the pictures and how much her husband would like them. I told her that lots of brides wanted more 'private' pictures for their special night, but the first two pages were more what she had in mind."
"It didn't take long for her to decide that the boudoir pictures would be more suitable for her, even though it cost more."
"So, you were up-selling?"
"Yes and no. I was helping her decide what her husband would want. As soon as I heard 'wedding night,' I knew what she wanted. I'm condensing our conversation. We spent close to an hour together. In the end, I told her what to bring and suggested where to get her hair and makeup done. I know a stylist there, and she talks me up to clients for the referral."
"You saw everything else," Jack said.
"But I didn't see how it happened."
"OK, I won't lie, the alcohol helps. Every woman I've shot wants at least one glass of wine. It takes the edge off. I suggested that she bring someone with her, but she thought that would make her more embarrassed. Did you notice how many 'outs' I gave her when she came in? No one wants to feel like they're stuck."
"Having you here helped. I always try to have a woman at a glamour shoot. In a nerve-racking situation, a woman wants another woman around for support. Having you here gave her a feeling of it being a safe space. She also could ask you about her wardrobe. I told you earlier that she needed permission to act sexy in front of me. You gave her that."
"I didn't give her permission to act that sexy!"
"With the first outfit, I established her trust. She saw that I knew what I was doing when I showed her that the outfit looked better without the panties and bra. It also got her to feel comfortable in fewer clothes, and it made her feel naughty and sexy. Next, I gave her posing instructions that were impossible to follow. I needed permission to touch her. When she gave it to me, she showed that she trusted me, and I never broke that trust. Touch is a powerful and intimate thing. Once I had her permission, I continued to touch her often to reinforce the trust."
"After she trusted me, she would do whatever I asked her to. If I thought something looked good, she trusted my judgment. She gave control of herself to me. Giving up control can be highly erotic."
"Isn't it unethical?"
"I've given that a lot of thought. Yes, "controlling" someone can be unethical if it's used solely for self-gain. In this case, she wanted these erotic pictures for her husband. If I had just told her to take off her clothes and stand on the "X," she would have left or, if she did it, she would have had terrible pictures. By following my instructions, she got great pictures for her husband, and she had a very memorable day. More importantly, she had a fun time having them taken. Yes, I profited too. I'm paid to take pictures, but I was never and would not ever be inappropriate with her. I never lied to her and never asked you to lie. Every woman is beautiful in some way, and it's my job to find it."
"I've never had a client that regretted having me take their pictures. Most of them are grateful that I helped them have the confidence to get the pictures they wanted, especially after their husbands see the book. I have 'thank you' letters, and they often recommend me to their friends."
"Come to the follow-up session next week when we go over the proofs. You may see this in another light."
"I was watching you to see if Debbie...excited you. She's extremely attractive, and I got a little jealous, but I never saw you get hard. How is that possible?"
"It's a job. It takes more than just a naked lady to get me hard."
"Hmm. What does it take? How long until Gavin is back?"
"A couple of hours."
Annie said in her best sexy country accent, "Mr. Photographer. I heard you shoot pictures of girls in their nighties to give to their new boyfriends. Do you take pictures of naked girls too? My beau likes to see me naked. Could you take some pictures of me for my new beau?"
"Why, yes miss, I do take pictures of women for their boyfriends, but they're expensive. Are you here all by yourself?"
"Yes sir, I'm all alone and I don't have much money. You wouldn't take advantage of me, would you?"
"Of course not. But we'll have to find some way for you to pay me."
"I don't know how to pose for a camera. But if you help me, I'll do anything, and I mean anything, you say. I want you to tell me exactly what to do."
"Let's pick out some outfits for you. I have several in the dressing room. I'll do your makeup and hair."
They walked back to the dressing area and Annie started looking at the outfits. She picked up a bra and panty set that was mostly faux fur.
"Ooh, what about this," she said.
Jack rolled his eyes. She then picked a light blue baby-doll nightie.
"How about this," she said.
"OK, let's try that."
Annie didn't bother going into the dressing room as she removed her jeans, peasant blouse and panties. She slipped into the blue nightie, but it just didn't look right on her.
Jack said, "No, that's not going to work," and went through the outfits.
He found a long Victorian style nightgown and handed it to her. It was lightweight but not sheer or very sexy looking and Annie looked at him surprised. She tried it on but was not convinced.
"Trust me," Jack said. "Let's do your hair and some light makeup."
There was that word, "trust." Annie knew what he was doing. Establishing trust.
"You're going to do my hair and makeup?" she said and laughed.
"Oh, ye of little faith. Sit here and drop the gown down to your waist."
"Oh, Mr. Photographer, then you'll see my little titties. I'm not sure my boyfriend would like that. But I told you I'd do anything that you said, so OK." Annie sat at the makeup table and dropped the nightgown as instructed and thought, 'yes sir'. It felt good to follow his instructions. She was getting horny. She looked in the mirror and saw her bare chest and Jack looking at her. He started brushing her hair and added body to it using combs. Every time he lifted her hair and dropped it, it touched her nipples, sending a shiver down her body. It never felt this good when she did her own hair. He finished doing her hair, and she had to admit he'd done a better job than she would have.
Jack pinned her hair behind her head to keep it out of the way while he did her makeup. He held a color chart next to her face and grabbed the shades he wanted. He didn't use much, a bit of eye shadow and a little blush. Jack told her to close her eyes while he applied the eye shadow. It felt wonderful to follow his instructions. He didn't ask her to close her eyes, he told her to. She could feel his breath on her face, but she couldn't see him. The brushes he used to apply makeup stimulated every nerve in her body and made her breathe harder. She didn't understand how brushing makeup on her face could make her pussy wet, but it did. She felt vulnerable and in his control. But because she trusted him, she was willing to give up control. It felt relaxing.
He unpinned her hair, fluffed it up, and told her to open her eyes. She felt wonderful. She didn't look much different. It was hard to tell that she had any makeup on at all. But she looked...better. In the mirror, she could see that making her up excited Jack too.
"Perfect. Pull the gown back up."
When she did, she realized how hard and sensitive her nipples had become. When the gown touched them, it was almost painful, in a good way. They got even harder. It was like they were telling her that they didn't want to be covered. She looked at herself in the mirror and, even though the material was not thin, her nipples stood out proudly through it.
Jack told Annie to sit in the middle of the couch, and he adjusted the lights. She felt nervous with anticipation and excitement. She thought about how scared Debbie must have felt.
She wondered why this was making her nervous. Jack had seen her naked many times. Being naked had never bothered her, and she wasn't naked yet. But she knew she would be. This wasn't Jack. This was 'photographer Jack.' He was going to tell her what to do. He would have her would slowly strip for him, showing him more and more of her body. Through the lens, he would look at her and appraise her naked form.
"Are you ready, Annie."
"Who's Annie? I'm Peggy Jean Higgins, but people call me Peggy."
"OK, Peggy, put your hands in your lap, feet and knees together and sit up real straight." Jack moved around her shooting pictures.
"Perfect."
"Now I want you to pull one of the straps of your gown down, while your other hand stays in your lap."
Peggy couldn't seem to get the pose quite right, so Jack went over to her and said, "Do you mind if I touch you?"
"I don't mind," Peggy said.
Jack picked up her right hand, put it on the shoulder strap and guided it, pulling it down her left arm. When his hand touched her shoulder, she startled, and found it hard to breathe as it traveled down her arm. She realized that her pussy underneath her other hand was wet.
"Now move your chin over your naked shoulder and look down at your arm." Jack took multiple pictures of her like this.
"Perfect."
"Now Peggy, leave your right hand where it is...let me just show you."
Jack had her pull both straps down with her hands crossed over her breasts. When he picked up the hand in her lap, he brushed against her upper thigh. When he put that arm on the strap, her arm rubbed against her aching nipple. Annie, or Peggy, didn't know if she could do this anymore without some relief.
"Perfect." Jack said as he continued taking pictures.
For the next shot, Jack slid her hands holding the straps, down her arms until they were at her elbows. Her arms were tight against her, just under her breasts. They were the only thing holding the cloth over her breasts. Her head was down, and her eyes closed as Jack took the picture.
"Perfect. Does that feel good? It looks fabulous."
She nodded.
"Peggy, leave the straps where they are and let go of the front."
"Peggy?"
"Oh, me. OK." She relaxed her arms, and the top began to fall. Jack caught the top so that the edge was just hanging onto her nipples. She was whimpering.
"Hold the top so that it stays right there. Look at me." Her look was one of pure lust.
"Perfect. You look amazing," he said as he moved around with his camera.
"OK, this will be the last one before we break. When I say 'now,' drop your arms to your sides, letting the top fall, as you let your body fall back onto the couch."
Her eyes closed. She waited for the word. The word that would allow her to move. The word that would free her aching nipples. The word that would give her relief. Damn it, Jack. Say the word.
"Now."
She opened her arms and let herself fall back. The cloth pulled her nipples, creating a moment of intense pleasure. When she hit the back of the couch, all the tension that had been building in her was abruptly released. A wave of pleasure crashed over her. Her eyes closed and her body stiffened.
Jack went over to her and said, "Peggy? Are you all right." She couldn't answer.
"Peggy?"
"I don't know about 'Peggy,' but you have one minute to get me over to that bed and fuck me, or I'm going to kill you."
"Peggy, you've trusted me to take extremely intimate pictures of you today and I'm not going to..."
Annie stood up, and the gown fell to the floor. She dragged Jack over to the bed and threw him down on it. She grabbed his jeans, not bothering to unbuckle, unsnap or unzip them, and pulled them down his legs. His boxers followed. She crawled up on him and forced herself on to his stiff cock and began bouncing on him as fast as she could. He thrust up to meet her, not quite realizing how turned on he'd gotten during the shoot. She had no interest in Jack's pleasure right now. She needed his cock slamming into her. She needed release. Annie's back arched and her eyes closed as she came groaning on Jack's cock. The sight of her tits pushed out and her head thrown back made Jack come with her.
Annie fell on to the bed and panted, "Whatever you did. How? You...I had an orgasm without touching...that can't...how did you?" She gave up trying to talk.
Jack gave her a minute to rest and then said, "Well, Peggy, I guess that makes you paid in full."
"Thank you, Mr. Photographer, sir. If my beau doesn't like these, can you take some more?"
"Sure, I still owe you two outfit changes," he said.
"I hate to kill the mood," Jack said, "but it's almost 7:00. Gavin will be here soon. I need to clean up some." Annie pulled the sheet over her and groaned. "Gavin's going to be surprised to see you if he uses the bed."
Jack straightened up the studio, gathered his film and cameras and put everything away. Then he pulled Annie off the bed, put her by the changing room and put her clothes in her lap. He got the sheets off the bed for laundry. The bell over the door rang.
"Annie, that's Gavin. Get dressed."
"Jack went out to meet him."
"Hi Jack, how'd the shoot go."
"It went really well. My client was nervous at first, but it helped that Annie was here. I got some good shots; she's going to be pleased. Are you going to use the bed tonight? I've got to wash the sheet, but I can put on the other set."
"I'm just doing a few head shots. If you give me a hand, we can get the bed out of the way."
They went into the studio as Annie was coming out of the changing area. She looked like what they'd been doing. Gavin and Jack moved the bed. He grabbed the dirty sheets and his camera bag, and they headed home. When they got there, they were both exhausted. They took showers and fell into bed.
Annie said, "I know what you told me, Jack, but I can't get over this feeling of jealousy I had today. I trust you, but you're human, I think, and some of those girls are so beautiful."
"I wish you could see yourself through my eyes. Then you'd never be jealous. But since you can't, why don't you work with me this summer? Unless you need to study or something. I can teach you some more of my tricks."
She got on top of Jack and kissed him. "I'd love that!"
"Great. But Annie, you still need to learn to trust me. There are beautiful girls all over, especially in Austin."
"There's something I wasn't going to tell you because I was afraid it would upset you. At the end of today's session, Debbie wanted me to meet her somewhere. She said she'd do anything I wanted. I can't expect your trust if I'm not open and honest with you."
"That little slut! Thank you for telling me. I do trust you, it's just that..."
"I know. If you photographed naked men all day, it would be difficult for me."
They fell asleep in each other's arms.
About a week later, the proofs from Debbie's shoot arrived from the lab. Jack called Debbie, but the call went to an answering machine. He was afraid to say much in the message in case her future husband heard it. He didn't want to ruin the surprise. Jack left a brief message saying that it was Jack Baxter from the florist and to please return his call. A few hours later, she called and thanked him for not mentioning the pictures. They arranged to go over the proofs the next afternoon.
Jack told Annie, and they all met back at the studio. When Debbie arrived, she hugged both Jack and Annie.
"I'm so excited to see these that I couldn't sleep last night. My boyfriend owes you a 'thank you,' if you get my drift."
They sat down at a table in the consulting room.
Jack said, "I shot about one hundred and forty pictures. There are twenty pictures in the standard book. So, there would be six per outfit to go in the book if you wanted them split evenly. I've got them in the order I took them. Of course, the choice is completely yours, but just for fun, we put little marks on the backs of our favorites. We made a little bet."
"Let me see, let me see," she squealed.
"One suggestion, make three piles. Ones you hate, ones you like, and ones you really like."
"You're killing me. Let me see them."
Annie and Jack laughed, and he handed the stack of photos over to her.
She looked at the first one and said, "My god, I'm gorgeous."
"Yes, you are, and you look pretty good in the pictures too." Jack said with that smile he has.
She laughed, slapped Jack's arm, and flipped to the next one.
"This one is even better." She flipped to the next.
"I'm never going to be able to decide."
"Why don't you go through them all once? Then we can go through them again using a little trick that makes it easier. For now, just set aside any that you don't like at all. There are ones I'll reject, but I wanted to show you all of them."
She started flipping through them slowly.
"Can I get you anything?"
"A little wine would be nice. Annie, come over and look at these with me." Jack left to get the wine.
"Annie, I owe you an apology for my behavior at the shoot. I don't have an excuse, but I wanted to try to explain. Jack was just so...in charge. It felt so good to be naked in front of him; nakedforhim. The entire process of taking these pictures was erotic and extremely intimate. Exposing my body to him, having him looking at me, appreciating my body, his touch, and his words, made me incredibly horny. I've never exposed myself to anyone that way, physically and emotionally. Even, my fiancé hasn't seen me that open. I knew Jack wouldn't do anything with you there, but I whispered to him that I'd meet him anywhere and doanythinghe wanted. I would have too. My fiancé was very surprised, and pleased, when I attacked him that night. We did things I've never done before, and I still wanted more."
"Fortunately, Jack was a perfect gentleman. Not many men would have turned down my offer. But am grateful that Jack did. He told me earlier to trust him, and he proved to be worthy of my trust. He didn't even make me feel embarrassed about the way I acted. It was like he knew what I felt. If anything had happened, I might not have married the man I love. Even if I did marry him, I would have felt guilty, for the rest of my life. As it is, I have a fun, memorable day to look back on."
"I just wanted to say, I'm sorry and tell you what a good man he is." She started crying.
Annie hugged her and said, "It's fine. A photo shoot like this can be a highly erotic experience." She couldn't believe she was quoting Jack. "I trust him with all my heart. Dry your eyes before he gets here, or he'll start asking questions."
Part of Annie wanted to pull Debbie's hair out buy the roots and call her a two-bit slut. Tom probably would have fucked Debbie in front of her. He sure wouldn't have passed up, "anywhere and anything." But she wasn't with Tom anymore, and she trusted Jack. She knew that Jack could charm anyone. How can a guy have a smile that makes women want to drop their panties? But she trusted him and knew he wouldn't hurt her like that. And she understood Debbie's behavior better after her photo shoot as Peggy. She only made it one third of the way through that shoot.
They started going through the pictures again. When Jack came back in, they told him that it was going to take a while. He sat down and showed her how to make selections.
Debbie ended up getting two albums, one for her husband and one for herself. She said she might show her husband the other one later, or she might keep it for herself as a memory of a wonderful day. She was glad she hadn't brought a chaperon. That would have made her self-conscious and she would not have gone as far. It was something naughty before the wedding, a great memory, and she was happy she was brave enough to do it.
She picked up the books the next week, but not before Annie looked at them. They were gorgeous. She thought back about how Debbie had looked when she came into the studio, and she was in awe of the talent Jack had.
When they got home, Jack brought out a wrapped present for her. It was a book filled with the pictures of Annie he took that day. She opened it and couldn't believe how sexy she looked. There was a card that said, "To my beautiful Annie, I want to do a full boudoir session with you soon and every year. Lovingly and faithfully yours, Jack."
She kissed Jack, then took his hand and led him upstairs. She took the book up too.
The next day, Jack got a call from one of Debbie's bridesmaids wanting a boudoir session.
Author's postscript:Thanks for reading my story. If you have any suggestions for Jack and Annie's future, please let me know by public comment. Also, please scroll down a few lines and vote. You don't need to be a member to vote for stories.