As they sat around eating, they began talking. Jenne told them of her recent transformation, and how amazing her week had been. She glanced at Angela with affection. "I'm so lucky that I found Angela, and I found you guys. It's really been incredible."
Cheryl got a mischievous look on her face. "So what was up with you the other day? You could hardly talk you were so distracted."
Jenne blushed and told her about the vibrator.
"Oh my god! I would never have expected that!" she said.
"The hard part was to not come right in front of you. It was so incredibly hot, the vibrator, the sexy girl next to me. I almost jumped you right there at my desk," She said with a laugh.
Cheryl turned to Angela, "Last night, I felt so sexy. You guys really know how to light up a club."
Angela replied, "You were pretty hot, the both of you. I could get you jobs doing that in a heartbeat."
"What do you mean?" Jenne asked, intrigued.
"Well, I've been working as a dancer down at the Catwalk Club for about a year now. They're always looking for hot new talent. You two are naturals."
Cheryl's eyes widened. Jenne was silent, thoughtful. It was an interesting step, one she wasn't quite sure about yet.
She smiled and said "You never know, but I think I'll keep my day job for now."
"All you have to do is ask. Hey! I have to work tonight, why don't the three of you come down and check it out?"
They agreed and kept talking. The conversation naturally turned to sex. Jenne talked about how turned on showing herself off made her. Angela said "Another thing she likes, our naughty little friend is into anal sex." Jenne blushed again.
"I've barely tried it!"
"I saw what it did to you last night, don't deny it." She laughed.
"Well..."
"Uh huh."
At this point, it was obvious that Mark had recovered from his earlier exertions, as his member began to swell. Cheryl leaned down and began gently sucking. Soon, Mark was rock hard again. Smiling at the others, Cheryl squatted down and took his member in her pussy, her back to Mark. She rode him slowly, pulling nearly all the way out, then sitting again. She began rubbing her clit, and soon came. The earlier orgasm had improved Mark's stamina, and as she hopped off his still rigid cock, she exclaimed "Next!"
Angela straddled Mark, lowering her face to his and kissed him deeply. She used one hand to guide his cock into her dripping pussy. As she fucked him, she whispered in his ear "I want you to take Jenne's ass, can you do that for me?"
"Sure, absolutely," he grunted.
"You can't come now, save it for her."
She moved faster, using her hand to furiously rub her clit, as he reached up and grabbed both breasts, hard. She came within seconds.
"We're saving the best for last," she said, looking at Jenne.
Mark stood up, and led her to the patio table. "Lean over," he said. She did it, putting her elbows on the tall table. While he somewhat roughly moved her legs apart, Cheryl and Angela took up seats facing her, and both began masturbating.
Mark moved behind her, and guided his cock into her sopping pussy. He fucked her hard for a couple of minutes, as she moaned and grabbed the edge of the table. He withdrew his cock, and began pressing against her asshole. She looked over her shoulder and gasped "Do it!"
With mounting pressure, he worked his way past her tight sphincter, and sank his cock deeply in her ass. Despite the pain - this was the biggest thing that had ever been in there, the pleasure was indescribable. He slowly withdrew until the head of his cock was still captured by her sphincter. He started entering her faster, as she moaned underneath him. Soon he was roughly pushing his way in, touching the spot that would set her off. "Come in my ass! Please come in my ass!" she repeated over and over. Soon he could no longer hold back, and within seconds of each other, they both came.
He kept his cock in for a while, still fucking her ass, until finally his member softened. He removed his cock, and Jenne stood up and turned around. "That was great, my ass is yours," she whispered. She gave him a deep kiss and hugged him fiercely.
She turned around to applause from Cheryl and Angela. "I told you she liked it!" Angela said.
The afternoon was moving along rapidly. Angela told them she had to leave for work soon. They went upstairs, and Jenne received more praise for her huge shower, as all four were able to wash up at the same time. The got dressed and made plans for later in the evening.
Cheryl and Mark agreed to drop Angela off at her car, so she could head home and get ready for work. Jenne presented the skimpy bikinis to her friends. "You earned them today!" she said.
"Thanks for the best cookout ever!" Cheryl exclaimed as they were leaving.
"Any time at all, see you at 8:30."
When everyone was gone, Jenne spent a little time cleaning up from the days activities. She set her alarm clock for 7:00, and went to take a nap. The bed already felt empty, without her friends to occupy it. She didn't expect it to stay empty for long.
Jenne woke to the alarm buzzing. She got up and took a quick shower. As she dried herself off, she contemplated her clothes for the evening. "What do you wear to a strip club?" She thought.
She settled on a denim miniskirt that rode low on her hips and a bab=ydoll style white top with spaghetti straps. It flared at the bottom, and was short enough to show off her belly ring. She put her curly hair into loose pigtails, and put on a pair of high heel mule style sandals. She did her makeup, and headed downtown.
She met Cheryl and Mark in the parking lot. Mark was wearing a t-shirt and a pair of jeans, and Cheryl had on a short sun dress with buttons up the front. She hugged them both, and they headed for the entrance.
Before the got there, Mark touched both of them on the arm and exclaimed "Panty check!"
Cheryl sighed and lifted her skirt, quickly displaying her lack of panties. "He thought of this on the way over. Humor him?"
Jenne grinned, and lifted the flared denim skirt. Her smooth mound was clearly visible before she smoothed the skirt down again. The continued to the door.
The bored-looking bouncer said "The cover is ten dollars." She reached into her purse. "For him. You ladies get in free. Don't forget the two drink minimum though." Mark paid him and they entered the dark club.
There was a heavy bass beat, playing very loudly as they entered the club. To their left was a heavily made up woman in a neon green spandex mini dress playing pool with a customer. He seemed to be enjoying every shot.
To their left was the bar, and Mark ordered them three beers. After paying the lady, they walked down the short flight of stairs to the main room. The center stage was spotlit, and a nude blond in impossibly high heels was swirling around the fireman's pole. There was a partially closed off area to their right, with several chairs and a man receiving a lap dance. To the left was the DJ booth and a smaller stage, with several men watching a stripper intently.
Jenne glanced around with nervous curiosity as they made their way to a table next to the main stage. While there were a few couples, most of the small crowd was male. Mark walking in with two attractive young women had grabbed some more than idle attention. They sat down facing the stage and watched the stripper perform.
She was tall and slender, made taller by a pair of platform shoes so high Jenne was sure the girl would break her leg if she fell. She had long blond hair, a sunburst tattoo surrounding her belly button and a smooth pussy. Cheryl leaned over and said, "See? We're fashionable."
The song changed, and the stripper, seeing new people, sidled over, keeping time to the music. Mark reached down and placed a dollar bill in front of Cheryl. The stripper squatted down, swept the bill to the center of the stage, and looked directly at Cheryl. She cupped a breast, bringing it up far enough to lick the nipple. She moved both hands down her body and using her fingers, separated her labia. She rubbed her clit for a moment, then leaned forward on her hands and knees, she brushed her face against Cheryl's cheek and whispered "Thank you." She slowly stood up and moved down the stage to another customer.
Jenne pulled out a dollar, and placed it in front of her on the stage. After a few moments, the stripper noticed and crawled along the stage to Jenne's seat. She sat down, and laid back. Bringing both legs together, she lifted them straight in the air. When they were vertical, she split her legs wide and using both hands masturbated for a moment. She then sat up, leaned forward and rubbed her breast in Jenne's face. "Thanks", she smiled and moved on.
The song faded and the DJ said "Let's put our hands together for CAAaannnddyyy", as the stripper pulled a see through negligee over her head and collected her tips. "Next on the main stage is Angel, let's hear it for Angel!"
Jenne turned around and saw her friend sidling to the stage. Angela was wearing a transparent black blouse, a black half cup lace bra, a silky short black skirt and extremely high heels. She smiled at her friends and did a pirouette, causing her skirt to swirl up with a quick peek at her shaved mound. All around the stage, people started putting down dollar bills. Jenne set down a twenty dollar bill and smiled at Angela.
Angela danced over, raised her hands above her head and turned her back to her friends. She spread her feet and slowly bent over, giving them a full view up her skirt. Coming upright, she unbuttoned the front of her blouse to her navel. She looked Jenne in the eye, unclasped the front hook on her strapless bra and pulled it from beneath her blouse. She dropped it behind her on the stage, and squatted down to put the bill in her garter. She motioned for Jenne to lean forward, and when she complied, Angela leaned in and kissed her gently on the neck.
Angela stayed on stage for another fifteen minutes, giving sensual attention to everyone. When her set was over, she put her blouse and skirt on, and left the stage. She came over to her friends, and gave everyone a kiss and a hug, then sat in Jenne's lap, putting her arms around her.
"I'm so glad you all made it! What did you think?"
"Incredible!" Mark said.
"I could have fucked you right there," Jenne whispered in her ear.
"That was so hot!" said Cheryl.
You guys have to try it! We're short-staffed tonight, I guarantee I can get you on." Angela said. "Say you'll do it."
Jenne felt butterflies in her stomach, thought for a moment, and with a deep breath agreed.
"Great! Let me go talk to Frank."
With an excited kiss, Angela stood up and left to find the owner. A few minutes later, she came back for Jenne.
"Come with me to Frank's office. He wants to look you over first."
Tingling with anticipation, and more than a little nervous, Jenne followed her friend to through the door to Frank's office.
"Frank, here she is - I told you she was perfect."
"Angel tells me you want to go on stage tonight - you sure you're up for it?" Frank said with a slight smile.
"It looks like fun, although I'm not really dressed for it."
"That's okay - if I let you on, we have costumes in the dressing room. Go ahead and undress for me." he replied.
Just like that, moment of truth, she thought. She stood up, and with a nervous smile, lifted her blouse over her head.
"Nice, now the rest." he said.
Jenne slowly unbuttoned her skirt, pulled it down and stepped out.
"Very nice - no panties eh? I guess you ARE up for it." He laughed.
Frank made a gesture to do a slow spin.
"Very nice indeed. I'm just going to need one more thing for you before we can get this started." He unbuckled his belt, and started unbuttoning his jeans. "Let's see how you do with this.", he said as he pulled out is hardening cock and sat down on the edge of his desk.
Jenne blinked and thought about it for a second. She moved forward and knelt in front of Frank. She couldn't believe she was about to do this, but the idea made her horny as hell. She smiled up at him and reached for his cock, while using her tongue to slowly lick the shaft. She took his cock in her mouth. With one hand, she gently cupped his scrotum, while using the other to slowly pump his cock into her mouth. After a couple of minutes of this, Frank tensed and shot a load of come down her throat. As the hot semen shot down her throat, she sucked harder and finally her was finished. With his cock still in her hand, she said "Well, do I get to go on stage?"
"Oh hell yes..." Frank breathed, a satisfied grin on his face. "God I love this job. There are a few things to do first. You need to fill out this form, show me some ID, and pose for a picture for the file."
When she was finished with the paperwork, Frank asked her to stand by the wall and took a couple of pictures with a digital camera. "Oh, what stage name do you want?"
"Jade."
"Okay then. Angel, take her to the dressing room and get her a costume. She'll go on in the next set. Just leave your stuff here, you can get it later."
"Okay." they both said.
Angela took her hand, and led Jenne down the corridor to the dressing room. "I am SO sorry, I didn't know he was going to do that."
"It's okay, I did decide I would be open for anything after all." Jenne replied.
"Here. Some gum, I doubt the clients want to smell Frank's semen on your breath." Angela giggled.
In the dressing room, there was another stripper sitting nude at a vanity desk. She looked up when they came in and smiled. "Tina, this is Jade, she's going to be working tonight".
"Hi Jade, I see you've already gotten started." Tina said as she looked over Jenne's body.
"Yeah well, it's never too early you know."
Angela brought her over to a rack of costumes and they began looking for something for Jenne to wear. After a few minutes, they found a sexy costume and Jenne got dressed. Angela helped her with her makeup and hair, and soon she was ready for her command performance.
A couple of weeks ago, Jenne's life had been normal, if a bit boring, now it was going places she never imagined.