Part II- My performance and I denude my denudress
Dinner with Martha (conclusion)
Back to the present, where I am just done presenting my shaven abdomen to Martha. It met with her approval (and turned us on.) It is her turn now to show me hers. I am excited. It is a rare pleasure. Somehow, it has been a while since I saw another woman's sex at close range...
She has to put in a bit more work than I had to show me her box. To open the buttons of her trousers, half-lower the pants, make her panties go the same way, lift her shirt and there we go. Sexually straight or not - undiagnosed bi-sexual is more like it - I am moved and aroused by seeing a vulva at close range, presented to me under these conditions, in the bathroom of a restaurant. It would be different in a changing room after tennis or so, where you might see your friends' fannies but at a glance only. Here, it is offered, as it were, on a plate. So, I see that she shaves the labia and groin, but leaves a bushy triangle above her slit. And, yes, she is a natural blonde, light blonde, but I see a whiff of grey on her pubes and can conclude she does not touch up her pubic hair, as opposed to that on her head! (Who does? Someone?). I love her rose of flesh. I love the pronounced inner labia, that look like they're glad to be released from the panties that straightjacket them!
I signal to Martha that I have seen enough. Not strictly true, never true, but we have a schedule and I am nervous. She gets dressed again.
No other woman has burst upon this little episode. Too bad, but fine - there is that schedule, and there will a time and place for this kind of thing, exposing myself, soon.
We discuss the protocol for the evening while we finish the meal. She wants me to undress in public, instead of what we discussed over the phone, which was to undress in a dressing room and appear in front of the audience fully naked. She says that if I do a striptease, the audience has more time to take me in and I will enjoy a longer stint of humiliation. I argue for the original idea. My point is that appearing already naked is more of a shock, both to me and to the audience. Plus, my humiliation would be greater as a shock. And during the preparation and waiting period in the dressing room I would be more nervous, nervous as hell. So, I feel this suits my purpose better. She sees my point and gives in. Amazing, as she is hard-headed! Meanwhile, I am sure that the women and men at neighbouring tables have been able to overhear what we discussed, if they would have bothered. Well... I would be interested, if I were them.
We walk to the gallery. I haven't explained the occasion for my performance and job as a naked waitress, have I? It concerns the closing of an exhibition of paintings by an artist Martha knows. The works are bold abstracts with radical feminist titles - in theMeToo#vein, women's right of body self-possession, to be free of rape and abuse, to dress to one's taste, the taboos of menstruation and menopause etc. So, there is a link with me and what I will do. Not everybody would appreciate that, perhaps. I am mindful of any political significance, but, it has to be said, my first motive is my kicks. Whether what I embody is feminist, or anti-feminist? I think you can argue both, particularly because I am not a young girl, but regardless, Martha has got me in and it's going to happen!
Performance at the art gallery
We arrive at the gallery and are met by the manager, a man, Alfred, and the painter, a woman, Mina. They both kiss and hug Martha and, after a moment of hesitation, greet me in the same way '... since we will be intimate soon enough...' There is an hour to go before the doors will be opened. Alfred is dressed in the standard, unimaginative men's art garb, a well-cut black suit and a grey turtleneck sweater. Mina wears a complicated purple ensemble made of leather, bondage trousers under a dress with a bell-shaped skirt of mid-thigh length and a strapless bodice, completed by a leather collar, also purple. They are both in a buoyant mood and proclaim to be very happy with the prospect of my performance. During a glass of wine, we explain the procedure. Reluctant to drink before I perform, I accepted the wine only to help ease my nerves. They agree with the choice we made of me appearing nude rather than to undress in public and are happy with everything else, my attire, my role and the audience participation, too.
We are shown the manager's PA's office, which will act as my dressing room. The manager and artist stand there, they look at each other and then at us, as if they are pondering something. That turns out to be so when the manager says, 'Vita, why don't you undress for us right now? A great solution that gives you, and us, the best of both the options we discussed?' Martha immediately agrees, 'Yes!! Vita, he is right! Go on...' They are right alright! Easy for them to say, for me it is hard! True, it fits with my aims, and of course I do consent.
The three of them sit on or behind the PA's desk and I take my distance. I swallow, take a deep breath and start. Not in the manner of a striptease artist, mind you, but of a woman undressing in private, but slowly. My heels, I shed them first. A stripper might have kept them on as long as possible. My dress, I pull the zip at my back down, lower it and I step out of it. In my silk slip dress, I neatly fold the dress up and place it on a sideboard. The slip is next. I lift it over my head and remove it. Now in my underwear and stockings, I feel the pressure of the three pairs of eyes, while I fold the slip up and place it on top of the dress. Turning my back towards the audience, I put my left leg on a chair in front of me and roll the stocking down. The right stocking follows in similar pose. I fold both up and place them on the growing pile of my clothes. Still with my back towards them, coy, I undo the bra's clip and let it drop, freeing my breasts. Finally, with my thumbs inside the waistband, I pull the panties down - and there I am. Naked, born again. I then turn around and face them. Boldly.
Martha: 'Great, Vita. You look great. Can you stand a little closer to us? I won't ask you for poses just now, but I want Alfred and Mina to see you well. They have a right to judge their star. And you have the right to know you are seen well.'
So, there I stand in front of them and look them in the eyes while they survey me. I slowly turn around my axis too. Alfred says, in business-like voice, 'Thank you.' When they prepare to go, I suggest they stay, while I finish my transformation. There is a large mirror in this room, thank God. I take my little make-up case out of my purse and, naked before the mirror and my back towards them, I apply a heavy make-up around my eyes, in black and shades of grey, in the late sixties style I so admired when I was really young - think Twiggy - and first became aware of how women supported their beauty. The whites of my eyes stand out whiter than white this way. Normally my make-up is quite subdued, but not now. Now, I will be a stage actor. This is stage make-up. Critical measures for critical times. Then I take the bottle of hair oil I have brought and liberally apply it to my hair. How it is: shoulder length, hanging free and flowing. How it becomes: I slick it back severely and stick it closely to my head. Think fatal women like Lulu or Salomé. Finally, I wash my hands and put the ornate Venetian mask on, crowned by some red feathers, that covers the upper part of my face. Step into my heels again. Reposition myself in front of my audience. A vision in white and black. That is me.
I am now a different woman to the one that entered. The embarrassment is fading and I can sense the power my body and I have. I know this feeling well but it surprises me each time. The mask and even the make-up help me in playing a role. I sit down in the chair in front of them and do not cross my legs. I look at them intensely but don't say a word. Enjoy my power. I see a degree of embarrassment on the faces opposite me. Tables turned!
I finally say, 'Do you have confidence in my performance tonight?' 'Vita, what can I say? Do you have confidence in us? I am in awe!', says Mina the artist. 'I am sure Alfred agrees?' He nods and continues, 'Are there any limits from your side? Before you answer, we have one. The audience cannot touch you. We are not licensed for sex services, and touching is sex, says the City.' I reply, 'I am happy with that. As long as they can look.' 'Then we agree. Lots of luck!' And he comes up with a big smile and shakes my hand. A handshake as if I were not naked and tarted up and about to meet his clientele this way, this not everyday way. He and Mina leave us alone.
The half-hour we still have to kill ticks away at a snail's pace. I have taken the mask off again for comfort. Martha and I are silent most of the time. For my part, I try to be in the moment, not think about the future and my performance. Martha is ticking away on her phone, utters a grunt, a sigh or a giggle from time to time. The chat we do have in-between is idle chatter, about the meal, about how people we both know have been doing, about the news - about nothing and everything but the performance. This changes when the manager comes in and calls, 'Five minutes now! Thank you.'
Martha says, 'Wow, Vita. You are about to do it! Are you excited? I am! I will leave a minute before you and give you your entrance.' My heartbeat has gone into overdrive, settles back down again, to a level still slightly excited. Time to put the mask back on. To be safe behind my mask. An actress. Martha looks at her watch and is about to go. She holds me by both shoulders, looks me over, turns me around and looks over my backside. She declares me fit. 'You look great. Powerful! Your hair and masked face make you look severe. You'll be a success! And don't forget to be conscious of what is going on outside of you and enjoy yourself!' And gone is she. I don't sit down again, but stand there like a horse prior to the race, and I count to sixty. Then I open the door and leave the starting gate.
A short stretch of corridor and a doorless passage into the exhibition area - exhibition indeed - and I am there. My heels click-click on the parquet floor. My heart is racing again. I make ten steps in before anyone notices - a single pair of eyes. A close-cropped woman in a long figure-hugging black dress. She stops talking and nudges to the young hipster in jeans and checked shirt next to her. In the course of the next minute - a long, long minute - all have stopped talking and all eyes have turned my way. They see a vision of a woman, a live, naked woman. They may be used to anything, but I will surprise them - a masked, painted, attractive - I hope, no, trust - and mature woman. I stand still, legs a touch apart, heart beating. Everyone stands still, silently surveying me. A sexual being also. I am conscious of that and I sense no contradiction within the audience. I am superconscious of myself and enjoy every second as it ticks by, again conscious of my power as a woman. Still, although I am calm, would look calm, my heart beats like a hammer in my chest. Can the audience hear this too?
The manager intervenes and rings his glass before things would become uncomfortable. For the audience in particular - he would have understood what makes me and my performance tick. For all I care, the audience may budge under the pressure.
He says, 'Before you, you see Vita. We have invited her to this vernissage for your entertainment. She will serve the drinks from now on. Naked as she is. One thing I will add, and I have to be careful, Vita is not a young lady. She looks great, and I will not say, "for her age"... But that is the point Mina and I want to make. Real women don't look like supermodels and we are happy to make that point. I may be misunderstood here, please read me right, but women beyond twenty can be attractive, beyond forty, any age - we are helping to show that. Well... I better cut this short, before I embarrass Vita or myself!' I feel he is trying!
'The rules of the engagement, then. These rules are simple. You may look, in fact you are encouraged to look, but may not touch. Well, you can touch her hand in greeting, if the occasion calls for it, and she accepts the hand you offer. What do I know? MeToo# rules, so to speak.' Giggling...
'So, you may look, or stare, look at her from afar, from up-close, as close as is comfortable to you, your breath may touch her, she has informed me.'
I have not! Must have been Martha! Cheeky as always. Alfred goes on, 'And she talks. You are allowed to talk to her. Converse. She is a person just like any of us, perhaps a bit more available than average...' More giggling... He is quick to add, 'but... MeToo #, MeToo #...' Hearty laughter...
'... anyway, talk to her, ask her anything you like, tease her, but abuse her not. Not too much, anyway... Seriously, folks, she is open and available to look at, as if a work of art, and to talk to. And she will serve the drinks. Enjoy! Vita! Drinks, if you be so kind...'
But there is Martha, throwing me a curved ball... 'Alright, Alfred, can we postpone the drinks for a minute? The wine we already have can be nursed a little longer.' He shrugs his shoulders and gestures for her to have it her way. 'Friends,' she says, 'is there a volunteer from the audience that wants to perform a close inspection of Vita? You have heard the rules for interaction from Alfred. No touching allowed! If in doubt, if you are too shy to inspect, do it for Vita. She loves to feel your breath and to know that you can see and smell her intimately. The rest of you, just watch him or her do the inspection and observe Vita's emotions. Give her, and yourself, an unforgettable experience. You can talk to her about it later. Who?'
A few seconds and three hands are raised, by two men and a woman - the close-cropped woman in the black dress. 'Ladies first!' The lucky woman smiles ironically and comes towards me, stands literally inches away from me and stares me long and hard into my eyes. For what feels like minutes. Wow! She breathes me in the face, deliberately. No sound from the audience.
'Off we go, Vita,' she finally whispers, 'I will be meticulous. Brace yourself...' She gets down on her knees, prostrates herself before me, this dark angel, on the ground I am standing on. I look down upon her from up high. Her inspection starts at my feet, which she sniffs and breathes on and sees. She does not comment. She proceeds to my calves, my thighs, front and back, meticulously, her eyes and nose just a fraction away from my skin, snaking around my legs, miraculously without touching me. I feel painfully naked! Hardly dare breathing. Feel her breath, though.
Then she says with a throaty, low voice, 'Your crotch and sex area now, Vita, let's see how clean and pure you are...' My lord, I feel her breath down there. And she will smell whatever there is to smell, and see whatever there is to see - my oils and creams, the quality of my shaving, my sweat, my juices... 'Vita, I smell your arousal. Wish you could smell mine.' God! She smells and sees my ass, all of my back, my belly, my breasts, my neck, my face, my ears, my hair... And declares me fit and proper, well shaven and hairless for the most part. And aroused. I do wish I could smell her sex too! She stands in front of me. We stand in front of each other. I thank her, smile and invite her to an embrace. With a small formal bow, she takes her leave and wanders off to her company, the hipster and another young man, who receive her with slaps on the shoulder.
My excitement naturally goes down as I busy myself with my naked waitress duties. To be a good waitress - yes, which I want to be too - requires a bit of thinking and concentration. I carry my tray with glasses around, return to the bar, dump empty glass, fill empty ones, stand around when everyone seems satisfied, or do another few tours of the exhibition space when it is called for. I endure and enjoy the appraisals of the other guests. At this stage, no one speaks to me directly. Has anyone issued instructions to ignore me, counter the openness Alfred preached, are they shy, or aloof? Do they feel it would add to my embarrassment? I overhear several snippets of conversation about me. I feel very naked. Vulnerable. Also proud for doing this.
As the evening progresses, the audience feels more and more free to pass comments, ask questions or indeed strike up a 'normal conversation.' Some questions are quasi-insulting, which I can handle perfectly well - and often we laugh together. Some are real enquiries, questions of how I got the courage, had I done it before? Others ask how I stay in shape, what my diet is, whether I have had any children. Sometimes the conversations develop into supremely normal conversations, about my life and background and the life and background of the other, as if I were not bare-naked.
The first of my real conversations with audience members takes place in the ladies' when I go for a pee. A pair of women is already there and they fall over themselves to declare how they admire my courage and complement me '...you are great shape for your age...' a mixed message, really, but beggars can't be choosers. The door opens again and we are joined by an elderly lady, who appears rather scathing. 'Naked, no modesty, at your age, did you think you would get away with it, could compete with the young ones? Your sagging butt and tits, the cellulitis...' ...of which I am relatively well spared 'for my age'! ... '...shame on you!' The other women look at each other, what's going on? She suddenly breaks into a smile and says, 'Of course... I am teasing! Go, woman, wish I had the courage. By the way, did I see you in a nearby restaurant with Martha McKenna?' I confirm I was there before this do. 'I barely recognise you, you see? Pun intended... But with Martha being here and all...' I confirm I was there, blushing, blushing! She smiles, playfully slaps me on the butt - against the rules, but what will I do? - and leaves the bathroom. So! I have been seen.
One of the original pair of women suggests that I pee with the door of the stall open. Wow! That is confrontational! 'It is only consistent, if you do that.' She smiles mischievously. I hesitate a moment, a moment of modesty, and then decide to comply. She is right. It is consistent. By now, I am simply confident again and the immodesty suits me. So, I sit down under the gaze of these women. In the confined cool space, I feel all the more naked and vulnerable all the same, yet composed. That strange mix of emotions. Urine starts to trickle; the trickle turns into a flood and peters out to a trickle again. I wipe myself and am done. 'Would you like to make sure I have wiped myself properly?' I rub my hand between my legs and offer it to them. 'Please smell my hand or use your own, if you like.' The mischievous smile is mine this time. They laugh and push my hand away. 'That is fine. You appear well-raised.' A moment of silence. 'In fact, I am not sure we'd dare... do we, Carol?' The other woman just giggles. 'Well,' I say, 'in that case, you have something to overcome. Let's go public again and I offer you the chance to inspect me. Even touch me there, if you want.'
We re-enter the exhibition space as a trio, with me leading the phalanx of women - I don't even know their names - my acolytes on either side of me, slightly behind. In the centre of the room we stop, I clap my hands and declare, 'Go ahead, ladies.' They slowly shuffle forward and stand before me. Unsure, they look at each other. I hiss, 'Go on, it's alright,' adding, as an afterthought, 'And... I allow you to touch me. You know you should be gentle.' So, it happens that two well-turned-out ladies in their forties inspect me. Hesitantly, shily at first.
Both look pretty switched on though, short skirts, one black and with rubberlike gloss, the other matt black and pleated. Both wear skin-tight long-sleeved shirts, one in purple lycra, the other blue with white polka dots. Both have nude tights on. Bundles of silver necklaces adorn both necks, and similarly hippie-like bracelets their wrists. Both heads are crowned by Louise Brooks bob haircuts, the first in Louise Brooks black, the other in Sarah Bernhardt red. Both are fragrantly perfumed. They don't dare touch me initially. They follow each other and circle me, sometimes fully upright, sometimes stooped, sometimes down, bent at the knees, a bit like ducks - it is like a ritual dance, a parody.
Our trio centred around me is itself at the centre of attention of the rest of the audience now. The Louise Brooks pair grows in its role and becomes daring, patting the slick hair on my head, flicking my nose, tracing my lips, stroking my breasts, softly pinching a nipple and lifting the breast in question, tracing the lips of my sex, stroking my legs all the way up from the heels to and including the butt cheeks. I admit it: it is a turn-on. I allow myself to turn inwards, but not all the way - darn, why not? Shouldn't get turned on too much... Stay in control... Mother's good girl, but I what can I do... I am excited though. Not quite as much as before when that dark woman inspected me. She had the upper hand then, the control, so I could let go... In this case, the commanding party is me. I just about register what the audience calls or yells throughout. As you can expect, the comments are playful, ironic, sarcastic, condescending... urging me, urging the Brooks sisters to step up the game, telling them to be more intense, telling me I am old and ugly, sexy, cool, telling me what they'd do if they were allowed to. I don't respond. The ladies mutter responses, but are on the backfoot, if anything. They are done soon, too soon. No embrace, no formal bow this time. But two sets of friend-to-friend kisses on both my cheeks, whispering they enjoyed themselves, how difficult it was too, but moving, how great I was etc. Have we become friends? Hardly, unless Martha is already friends with them, but I don't mind either way. But, hey, they are OK.
During the later stages of the evening, after the short-haired lady and the Brookses, a few more do inspections of sorts. As if the floodgates have cracked open... Nothing as thorough as what the intense lady in black did, of course, or the Brookses, no great fuzz. But some request me to stand legs apart, hands behind my head - the classical slave display position. Most are not really shy about looking at my vagina at close range, my anus. Some request me to lift both breasts, or jump up and down to make them jiggle. Some indeed take the trouble to smell my sex and are pleased to report they think I am aroused. Surprise, surprise! I am happy to confirm this. The poses bring me back to earth. You name it, they ask it. Of course, in addition to the display position, which I was simply happy to assume, there is also someone that wanted another classic: back to the audience, bent over, spreading the ass-cheeks. That gets a lot of attention. Fortunately, I am well-groomed and I know it. I love and hate to give them this pose, the most demeaning of all.
Towards the end of the evening the close-cropped lady in black comes up to me and strikes up a conversation. We exchange some playful banter. I like her. At some point she asks,
'Can invite you to I come home with us, my two gentlemen and myself?' She includes her two men in her gesture. 'Let me introduce myself and my friends. My name is Xandra, and they are John and Peter,' pointing out the hipster-bearded and the clean-shaven man in turn.
I have been perfectly aware of her entourage throughout. All three are in their forties. I consider them anew. The two men act like boys. Her boys, it seems to me. Boys in suits and checked shirts. For all I know, they are in a power-exchange affair, with her as the dominant. Don't think the men are out-and-out slaves. I think they play, hard or not so hard, but play all the same.
'Thank you for the invitation. Before I consider it, however, I have to say that I am here with my friend Martha' I say, 'as her guest.'
'Oh, Martha is alright. I know her. She can come too. We have a big car. Actually, we can walk. Five minutes, tops.'
'Ok, thanks. You know my name is Vita.'
She smiles, 'I know you're Vita. And I know what you look like. And smell like. A rare pleasure to get to meet someone that way, so intimately. So, what do you say? Are you game?'
She is still self-assured, haughty, aloof, but through this armour I feel she is pleading, not taking a 'yes' for granted. She wants something, me as her guest, and she can't assume to get it.
'I like the word "game". I can see you like to play. But not light games. My guess is that you are into heavy gaming. Am I right?'
'You are not wrong. What is light and heavy is a matter of taste, but, yes, what I like is not light playing.'
'I will talk to Martha, I promise.'
'I appreciate it. I will watch you and won't go away, or let you go away, before I have an answer.'
After some further 45 mins all but her group and my group have left. My group, ha, I mean the artist, the manager and Martha. I am absolutely free at this point, totally at ease and, yes, natural and naked amongst the hip and beautiful. We are just chatting and drinking and being relaxed. I have talked to Mina, who has thanked me profusely. When I ask her whether I have not stolen the show, she laughs. 'You have a bit, but I am fine with that. It is not like gallery openings are that significant. And are often boring, a mere excuse for free drinks. People stayed longer because of you, will talk about this opening to their friends and relations and that can't be bad for me. I have sold a few works already and that is pretty good.'
When I have the chance, I broach to Martha the subject of decamping to Xandra's for an after-party.
She offers, 'She has got a reputation to put people on the spot and amuse herself. But you have already been put on the spot, with her cooperation, and being put on the spot is your kind of thing anyway. So, if you are not already exhausted and ready for more of that kind of thing, let's go. I am not sure if I would be put on the spot too, but, hell, lord knows I am ready too. I will talk to Mina and Alfred. Who knows they'd like to come as well.'
Not that she asks me, but she is right. I like to be put on the spot. I should be tired, but the adrenaline is still raging.
It turns out Mina and Alfred are ready to come along. Which means everyone is, so there is no reason to wait. Xandra lives a 5-minute walk away, she said, which means that all cars stay where they are and we walk. When I prepare to get dressed in the PA's office, Martha stops me. 'No point for such a short walk. Just put everything in your bag, don your coat like a cape and let's go.' It is past eleven p.m. and we find ourselves in the fairly quiet commercial section of town, just off the buzzing centre where the restaurants and bars are located, so our sizeable group - me and my personal troop of guards - meets few innocent passers-by, who could respond to my near-nakedness. The few we meet, did they notice? A shame in a way that there are so few, but I am well satisfied and am about to enjoy some more exhibitionist fun in a minute.
Play at Xandra's
Xandra's space is a loft apartment, a big open space with the various areas partitioned off by curtains, glass walls, cupboards, wardrobes or bookcases. She is clearly well off. The furniture is design, a mix of black and chrome. There is brick, concrete, steel and leather, there are touches of colour, red and blue mainly. She has sculptures around, and black & white photographs (Erwin Olaf, Separation), some paintings, all with the human shape as the focus, with hints of BDSM.
The apartment is three stories up. Some 100 ft away a similar building is located. We can see inside some apartments there, in some of which the inhabitants are still up and about. I quickly count three or four individuals or couples, no kids!, that are sitting reading or watching TV. Likewise, they can see inside the one we are in. No attempt is made to hinder the view in. The curtains are open. We sit down.
Peter and John are introduced as the resident submissives, as I suspected, and start serving the rest of us drinks, the choice being water, champagne or whisky. They put hard driving music on, but at low volume for now. I am naked, still the only one so, until Xandra stands in front of me where I sit, right in front of me, in fact feet touching.
'Vita, I'm sure you don't mind, I want to ask you something. I have to confess I had the urge to get naked with you when I inspected you, and had wanted you to inspect me too. There and then, I did not feel I could do that, you know, as it was your show. I am vain, but I do know my place. Now, it's different. We are in private, in my house no less, so I can do what I want, we can do what we want, can't we?'
She is intense, overbearing. I don't mind. I am in awe of her. She surely is bi-sexual, and I don't mind.
'The thing is, I want to ask you to undress me, and inspect me. If you do, as I sincerely hope, expect even, I have an additional request to you afterwards. That request I will only reveal when we get there. Don't want to scare you just yet. Although I suspect you will be game. That's a tease!'
Wow! I had not seen this coming. What I had expected, or hoped for, was for some of us to get naked, socialise, dance... But such privilege, to inspect another woman, and such an attractive woman at that. I could not possibly say no to such a request.
'Well, very well, Xandra. I cannot refuse and don't want to. We will do it. I'll be honoured in my turn.'
I stand up, two ft. away from her, and look her directly into the eyes, dark confident eyes to boot, the eyes of a woman I did not even suspect the existence of four or five hours ago. Yet I shared a very intimate, somewhat humiliating experience with her some three hours back. I will now reciprocate the honour. With a mysterious request at the end. Momentous! I am excited. The difference between her job and mine is that she is still dressed, so I will have the added pleasure of unpeeling her. Also, she starts from the upper hand, in a way, having dominated me.
'Off we go, my dear,' I whisper, still looking her in the eyes, 'I will be meticulous too. Brace yourself...'
We have an audience. If you picture us on a stage, then Alfred and Mina sit facing the stage some 2 yards towards the left, side by side, leaning forward, attentive, Martha similarly to the right by herself. Peter and John remain standing, a bit away, between the lot of the others and facing us.
I stroke her flanks, I stroke her along her arms and hips, down her legs from the top to the ground, her thighs, inside and outside, her calves and ankles. Her black dress is made of natural silk. It reaches down to her ankles, with a split on the right side. It closes high at the neck at the front, but the back is open to just above the swell of her buttocks. She has a faint but dramatic tattoo on her back, like one of those corsets done with piercings. The dress is sleeveless and the front has two lines of silver stitching coming down from the shoulders, coming in towards the centre as they go down, passing right over the nipples and vertically down towards her feet. A similar flowing pattern of stitching at the back. The back is also where the dress closes, with a handful of silver buttons down from the bottom of the open back. (How on earth does one put such dress on without help? It takes nimble arms and hands... Well, if all fails, she has her boys for help.)
I undo the few buttons at the back. The edge of her panties appears. So, she is wearing a pair. I slide the dress off one shoulder, then off the next and let it drop to the floor. She kicks her heels and the dress gently off and stands there, almost entirely revealed. One of the boys immediately shoots forward, picks up the dress and shoes, and shoots away.
I take my distance again and start circling around her, taking her in slowly. She is a commanding presence, I have said it, approaching 6 ft. She is slender, bordering on thin. Her black hair may be an inch long, no more. Well cut all the same with some volume, I guess dressed by an expensive hairdresser. She clearly works out, as her arms and shoulders, and her legs are well-toned. Thin, maybe, but very feminine, good hips and certainly good breasts. Her breasts are encased in stick-on bra pieces, shaping them and dulling their appearance, flattening the nipples especially. Besides this stick-on bra she wears a delightful pair of panties, sheer and silver, full panties, twenties style, front and back, no frills, but as if painted on her body.
I count the faint tattoo on her back under the things she wears. The piercing corset has two sets of seven rings tied together by maroon ribbons - all tattooed very subtly. I love it and ask her about it. 'Ten, twelve years ago I had this for real, during the period I was heavily immersed in the BDSM scene. I often paraded around quite like I am now, dressed in panties, heels and, off and on, the piercing corset. I got tired of the scene after a few years, as I perceived it to be full of selfish, spiritless people; in any case the particular scene I was in contact with and myself did not gel any longer. I went vanilla for a good period of time and let the piercings grow closed. When I gravitated back towards BDSM and started playing a bit again, piercing had become all too common and this thing known as the piercing scene had developed. I couldn't care for renewing the piercings, because people label you so easily as a member of the piercing or body modification or BDSM scene, you know, and I didn't want to be part of a restrictive sub-culture, any sub-culture. No offence to anyone, I am just awkward that way - I am my own scene. So, I had myself tattooed like this. I like it. Too bad I can't see it myself!' She smiles and I smile back. She laughs and adds, 'Am I now part of the tattoo-scene? I've got just the one. Anyway, who cares. I am what I am.'
Returning to her front, I tear the stick-on bra shells off. Her liberated breasts drop out of them and assume their natural shapes. She has got prominent nipples when liberated that stand well proud. The shape of the breasts I would describe as pouting, the ageing she has seen has worked to their advantage, I imagine. One of her boys sprints forward to take the bra pieces out of my hands. They are still warm...
Her panties, that jewel of a garment, I pull down with both hands. I am surprised to find that the panties managed to hide a rather full bush, nicely maintained to fit within the panties, but unkept away from the loins. My, the pubic hair may be as long as that on her head, or longer, if you pull the hairs straight!
Her vulva is fully obscured from view. I tell her so. 'I believe you. For a while, my mood was against shaving. My mood alternates. I know, there is a pattern to my madness. I first shaved when I was twelve. When I discovered all my girlfriends did the same, I let it grow again, then got tired of that and shaved, for the look, for the hygiene and freshness, for the feeling, comments from my sexual partners, whatever. You catch me during a non-shaving mood.
'But let's focus. I asked you to inspect me. Of course, I allow you to touch me, even if I was not allowed to touch you during my turn. So, feel free. Direct me, touch me, do what you must to satisfy your whims... I will tell you to stop if you go too far.'
I get down on my knees and bring my face right in front of her pubic hair. I smell her now, someone that is beginning to be aroused, someone that has showered hours ago - I don't mind. Even better, I like it. The idea that human smell is not acceptable, that only the smells of perfumes and oils are acceptable is absurd in my view.
I still see nothing of her genitalia, this must be the densest pubic hair I have ever seen. With two hands, I part the forest and manage to find her vulva. With a lot of searching and pulling, I identify the component parts of her female anatomy. I have her turn around, bend over and part her ass cheeks, and assume the archetypical submissive position. I never get enough of this view. Raw and sexual. Her labia shine through the forest of black hair now, the wrinkly minora pouting out from between their bigger sisters. I grab each of these fleshy labia majora and part them, stick my nose close and inhale sharply. Oh, that salty, fishy smell, that rare joy, for me... I love it. She does too, she loves me to love it... I hear her breathing quicken. I take a whiff of her arse too, that dank, aromatic smell... I am so in awe of the fact that I am allowed here in these places. I am aroused, and mutter this aloud. From the wordless noises from the others, I gather they are also under the influence... Of what? Of two naked aroused women?
With her upright again, I smell and see her feet, with her toenails painted with black nail varnish, her calves and thighs, as smooth as a baby's, her ass and all of her back, her arms, her smooth armpits, her hands, the finger nails varnished black as well, her belly and all of her chest, those delightful breasts, her neck, her face, her eyes, her ears, her short, dense hair. I touch, see and smell all of her. I ruffle all of her hair, on her abdomen, on her head. Then I am done and stand in front of her like at the start.
Meanwhile, don't forget that I am naked too, I would almost forget myself! I'd swear our friends can smell my arousal and see my love juices drip down my thighs. I hope they have enjoyed my gyrations. I'd masturbate here and now, oh, lord, if I wasn't too prim and proper, if someone would give me the slightest nudge. That is me, conscious of the job in hand.
Naked Xandra breaks my reveries. She has not said a word for a while and appears to have been in the zone, away on some planet of her own.
'Thank you, Vita. That was intense. I could get hooked to this kind of deal. I am convinced you liked it too, so all is very good.'
She is alert and in control.
'I am sure you have not forgotten that I promised you I would have an additional request.'
I had in fact forgotten! So much did I live on a sensual cloud. I am back on earth suddenly, a tad flustered. Does anyone notice? But I regroup and become alert.
'Xandra, please ask... I am open to anything at this point.'
'OK then. I suspected that much. But are you sure you indeed like all the things I can do to you or with you?' She is mocking me?
'Don't you worry...'
Who says I don't like any of all of these things she can do to me or with me? At this point of the game...
She continues, 'I wouldn't worry, you wouldn't either. All is cool. I think that what I will ask is just up your street.'
I hold my breath for a second. She continues.
'I just want to ask you to shave me, that is: all of my body, from toe to face. Not my scalp, please. Would you do that?'
Oh, who would have thought? My fetish, as you, dear reader, already know. I decide to be honest, as opposed to playful. I am emotional.
'Xandra, I am stunned! Destiny is speaking? Shaving is an obsession of mine and doing my own body is an almost irresistible temptation to me. And I have given in, have shaved my entire body, from head to toe, eyebrows too. Only once, I am sad to say, once have I allowed myself to be so radical. But it is often on my mind. As for the rest of my body, I have done the usual areas. Like you, I have denuded the genital area off and on - as a proud pioneer, I sometimes rebelled after it became mainstream.
'So, you are offering this to me, the act of shaving you. I want you to know that I would have gotten down on my knees and begged you, if you would have required this.'
'Great then, Vita. But I won't have you beg for it. You have been down on your knees already. Glad you accept. I would have been thrown if you hadn't. But why so serious? Let's have some fun together. Peter, get us a fine, sharp pair of scissors, hot water, shaving cream and a couple of new razors. Vita, let's involve our audience.'
She turns around, looking at each of our friends, as she faces him of her. Then she faces me again and says,
'What shall we do? We can undress them all and inspect them too. Or just the women, and let Alfred be his male clothed self. Or let everyone decide whether he or she wants to take his or her kit off.'
I offer, 'My vote is to leave them to it. We two, we are bonded at the moment. To me, the intimacy you and I have now is precious and should not be diluted. But let them get naked as and when they are moved to strip.'
'I agree. So, folks, you have heard Vita. You are on your own. Invited to watch us and do what you please. Play with yourself or yourselves.'
Meanwhile Peter has fetched the cutting and shaving stuff and hands it to me. I get started and kneel down at her feet. I have to take a few deep breaths, so as to concentrate on the task in hand. Not because I have any reservations, quite the opposite, but because I just want to lose my wits and disappear in what I see, hear, feel, smell. Can't afford to do that! 'Go, Vita,' I mutter to myself.
I look up at Xandra with a shy smile. She has heard me and nods in encouragement. I buckle up and go ahead and soap up both of her feet. Elegant feet, slightly bony, if anything. The soles are callous, showing she frequently goes barefoot. The feet are already hairless as far as I can see, but we will not cut corners. The journey is as important as the result. In other words, the feeling of the shaving or being shaved counts for something too! I am careful with the toes, the space between the toes, careful, yet striving for perfection. Can't fully avoid nicking the skin at a toe joint and produce a speck of blood. It always happens, but it is a bad start. Can't keep going at this rate! Take care at the bony bits, Vita. Xandra merely flinches in reflex, but makes no noise. She is tough. It won't happen again.
I soap her left leg up from the ankle, right up to the groin, her hairy mound. Can't wait for removing that patch, that forest of hair. Patience, Vita, that will come! I hold her by the knee when I do the lower leg, and by the buttock - o, that great soft buttock - when I do the thigh. Again, not sure if I remove any hair, but I love performing this act, we both do. It is a kind of meditation, sensual meditation. I dry her leg with a fresh towel and then lightly oil it.
When I soap up the right leg up to the groin, I see Mina suddenly get up and Alfred, surprised, follow her with his gaze. I stop what I am doing, freeze in my movement and, like all of the others, look at Mina to see what is coming. It is not clear whether she is aware of us looking at her. She looks like she is in a trance - the alcohol or the occasion, or both? She is shedding the complex purple leather attire she has on, undoing the straps here and there, tugging and pulling so as to loosen them, unzipping the zipper at her back and taking off the dress part first, to reveal her ample, ample breasts, complete with D-ring piercings, followed by the bondage trousers, to reveal an elaborate tattoo peeking out of the tiny black panties she is wearing. Taking these off as well, the tattoo is seen to cover her entire abdomen. Snakes and roses can be made out. Extreme! The leather collar she does not take off. Perhaps she forgets it, perhaps someone else has the key. Naked, she does not sit down again, but remains spellbound and looks at the pair of Xandra and myself. I see Alfred is rubbing his cock through his suit pants, with no apparent reservation. He doesn't care what we think. Fine!
I resume my shaving duties and complete the right leg by drying and oiling it. Peter has taken care of a fresh bowl of hot water. Her pubes... Vita, the pubic hair we have to leave until later! I soap up her back - the back with that lovely, faint and subtle piercing corset tattoo - and shave it. I love people's backs, starting at the ass, narrowing at the waste and culminating at the shoulders. Xandra is slender, but has a firm set of shoulders, no doubt helped by working out. Then her torso, soaping it up, including her soft breasts, shaving the upper body whilst still avoiding the pubic area, lifting the breasts one by one to shave the sagging side. I remove one or two stray hairs on her areolas. Funny. Finally, before the grand finale of her mound, I soap up and shave her face and neck. I am touched by her calm, clear eyes looking out from between the mass of shaving soap. By her lips pouting forward.
Then her face is done. I dry it off and oil it. Xandra smiles, but does not say a word. There is work to be done. The hair on her mound and her scalp remain, plus her eyebrows and eyelashes.
Her mound then... I am about to reveal her vulva. Very curious as to what it looks like when in the clear! Peter hands me a small hair clipper. I check that it is set at the number 1 setting, leaving the shortest stubble. More importantly, as I don't want to nick her, again, it leaves me the minimum margin of error. I will shave her smooth with a safety razor later.
I carefully buzz off the first track of hair, holding out my other hand to catch it.
The following may appeal to the fans of BDSM, which I count myself to, off and on. It didn't actually happen, unlike the rest of this story, but it might have. Xandra might have told me, as I snipped away at her pubic hair, to stick each pluck of hair in the mouths of Peter and John, commanding them to eat it, their mouths getting fuller and fuller, as they would be incapable of swallowing the ever increasing mass of Xandra's less than totally fresh pubic hair.Back to what did happen.
Careful I bare track after track. I instruct her to widen her stance, lift one leg, or the other. I ask her to bend forward, to pull her labia one way or the other, all in the service of good workmanship! When we are done buzzing, we can already see what Xandra's hidden flower of flesh looks like. I pause for a minute to consider it. People and their bodies are unique, their faces and body shapes are, as is every attribute that can be identified, hands, feet, eyes, but also cocks or vulvas. Xandra's outer labia are fat and fleshy and you have to look well if you want to see the minora. Her state of arousal, such as it is, will of course have modified the visual appearance.
Now I have to proceed, if I am ever to finish. Time for the final stage, the work with the razor. I soap her up and very carefully shave her clean, again having her bend and spread and pull so as to foster perfection. It is great to be in a position to be so close to another's sex. Being close to a person's face is special, but relatively normal. Hence, this is more of a privilege. Finally, I dry and oil her.
All of those present come and have a look. Xandra stays calm and collected. She is not coquettish or coy, but rather matter-of-fact, in control, not teasing or challenging any one of us. She may be conscious of her power, but is going anything but overboard exercising that power.
Mina, the third naked woman, slowly, as in a trance, looks Xandra over on all sides. I on my part take the opportunity to look Mina over. Compared to Xandra's wiry body, her figure is ample. Oh, those breasts! And that crazy tattoo. The cluster of snakes and roses extends down through between her legs to her buttocks. Impressive!
Alfred, pretty intoxicated by now, is not satisfied and sees fit to shout out, 'Shave the head, Vita. Xandra, you have got to let her shave your head. You will carry it off too, you have the clout. I know you want to.'
Xandra looks at him, puts her hands on her hips and sighs. 'I will not let myself be forced into things like that. I don't need you to generate the desire to be radical and bald. And, yes, I know I can carry it off. I will make the promise that I will do it once in my life, not for you, but for myself, and I promise I will do it in public too. If you pay me, I may even do it at your gallery, if that space is big enough to satisfy the overwhelming demand for tickets, ha! But I will do it on my terms, when I want to, in the manner I want. Chances are that I will ask you, Vita, to do it for me, so stay tuned. But not now.' My heart skips a beat at this exciting prospect!
Alfred grunts, but does not give in completely. 'Alright, Xandra, I know better than to keep urging you. But let Vita do your eyebrows at least. It's radical, alien, in a way that suits you, my dear. And if you regret the action, the brows will grow back soon enough and before they do, you can paint them on, which quite suits you too! You can only win, can't you?' He sways, his hands on his hips too, and looks at her defiantly and laughs. He can be persuasive.
Xandra doesn't fall for it. She laughs with him, turns squarely to him, in a supremely confident pose, naked but all but vulnerable. 'Alfred, Alfred, you are pushy, aren't you? You have pursued me for years now, I have endured it, now I have let you see me naked, which is as far as you can ever hope to go, and you know it. Still you want more. Holding the hand, you want an extra finger. Tut, tut! What do you think, Vita?'
'I would say, Xandra, do whatever you are comfortable with, Alfred or no Alfred, if comfortable is the word. Alfred or no Alfred, I will do whatever you decide. Sorry, Alfred. And Xandra, I agree with you that if you are getting your head shaved, you should make an occasion of it. It is a moment of a lifetime, in my book, I know, as I have done it, and the anticipation is half the kick. Therefore, you should not do it now. The eyebrows, I agree with Alfred that shaving these small strips of hair makes a dramatic difference. You have beautifully arched, well-defined eyebrows, so shaving them is no trifle. But Alfred is right. They will grow back soon enough; in a month you have some eyebrows again and in a couple of months they will be back to where you started. In the meantime, you can draw or paint them on any way you like, or indeed go bare for a bit of shock value. Scores of women remove them, you know, shaved or even lasered, because they don't like their natural way. You don't seem to be the kind of woman that cares about what others think of you, but if you were, this would not hurt you. Shaving the head is another matter, but I gave you my advice already. All in all, don't shave your head now, but feel free about the eyebrows.'
'Wow, Vita, quite an essay, that. You sum up the choices quite well. Now, I hate to give Alfred something,' and she casts an ironic look his way, 'but I feel quite reckless at the moment and I don't have this kind of audience every day. So, Vita... What shall I do? Let me think...' She spreads her arms like a priestess, turns around to face her entire flock, and says, 'I will give all of you my eyebrows, and on top of that Vita will buzz my scalp short, eighth of an inch, I'd say. That is my decision.
'Vita, before I change my mind... do it!'
Peter rushes off to get some fresh hot water. Alfred sits and drunkenly gloats. Martha sits back with her eyes closed. Naked Mina has laid down next to her, legs wide open, with her head on Martha's lap, like a girl. She is uninhibited, innocently shameless, like a girl, and her eyes are shamelessly attentive. Martha keeps her eyes closed while stroking Mina's side and chest. Mina's hand finds its way to her tattooed crotch to do the stroking there, very lightly, almost as if unaware.
Xandra repeats, in a whisper, 'Do it, Vita...' And I buzz her eyebrows, the left before the right, soap them up, and carefully shave them. They are firm brows that do take some work to remove. I am aware of Xandra's piercing unfazed gaze throughout. I rinse the blank spaces, dry and oil them and stand back to admire my handiwork. Again, again, I cannot stop being amazed what a difference their absence makes. Like buttresses they strengthen the eyes. When gone, the eyes are nude and helpless. Xandra's gaze is weakened without them, but she is strong and can suffer the loss. I hear Mina moan in the background. She is here and not here.
For the final act, Peter hands me the clipper again. 'Are you sure, Xandra?' 'Sure, Vita. After the eyebrows, this is nothing. And I want to be bare. Go on!'
She is right, to a point. Because with her dense, 1-inch-long hair, her head has more volume and the skull cannot be seen. As I buzz the hair down to that one-eighth of an inch, she loses that volume and the naked skin of the skull shines through.
Over an hour has passed since we started playing and Xandra has been transformed from a well-dressed, elegant, commanding woman to a practically hairless, denuded one. She is commanding still, but this command is well challenged by the vulnerable vulva, scalp and the defenceless eyes - or more aptly put, these eyes have to defend themselves by the strength of their gaze.
Xandra takes me to the walk-in closet area of the loft, semi-separate from the main space, which houses a majestic full-size mirror in an ornate frame. She inspects her mirror image with concentration.
'I am not sure this is me still, but I like what I see. Strange me. I should go naked more often. I am sure you understand. The shorn head, eyebrows and vulva go together well.
'Thank you, dear Vita. Glad to have met you today. I propose we stay in touch, as we have something mutual to offer.' And she pulls my naked shape to her own in a tight hug, which I answer by putting my own hands in the small of her back, and then we kiss. A full-on, intense kiss.
We return to the rest of the lot. 'Now, before I kick all of you out, let us close the evening and dance a little while.'
She gestures to Peter, who puts some 60s or 70s soul music, starting with mid-tempo stuff. It plays pretty loud. It is the women that do the dancing. The three naked ones, tattooed Mina, the artist with the full figure, the tall and bare Xandra, bare of eyebrows and with ultra-short scalp, and myself, an older woman, with slicked-back hair and heavy make-up. And Martha, fully dressed in her black evening suit and pink silk shirt. Alfred has remained seated. John and Peter stay in the background, looking at us.
Alfred is pleasantly intoxicated. More so or less so than the rest of us? I feel Xandra and I are in full command of our functions, in spite of what we drank, and because of the adrenaline. Mina is just very, very tired. So is Martha. I have talked to her just a little after we got here. She is awe-struck, tired, yet satisfied, more than satisfied by the evening's events. Mina and Martha dance with eyes closed, in half-tempo, in slow-motion. Xandra and I manage some vigorous strutting. We waltz around the living room and are enjoying ourselves. Her legs, her arms, her head, her whole body participates in the dance. Her long legs smooth, endless and shiny in their freshly shaved guise. Her arms, thin, with hands and fingers the last word in grace. Her body, arching, stretching; her proud breasts showing the way.
As time progresses, Peter chooses to play more up-tempo tracks. The music becomes ever louder, the rhythms ever faster. Xandra changes character accordingly, becomes less ethereal, earthier. As she becomes worked up and warm. She is a go-go girl now; she struts her stuff with vigour. She shakes her bottom; she sways her breasts. I can see it in her eyes: her mind moves from the here and now and starts to lose its sense of the present.
When hardcore disco music is accompanying her, she is an animal. Sweat pours off her brow. Her whole body is glistening. I follow her movement and dance with her as her mirror image now, as if in a contest, challenging the other half, seeing which one falls down in exhaustion first. I look straight into her eyes as she looks into mine. I am so close to her. Her hands pass her every part of her body, kneading her breasts, slapping her buttocks. Her hands moving along the inside of her thighs. She squats down, legs wide open, unaware of anything but her own body. She leans back and is now supported on all fours, front up. She faces the ceiling. Her opening is in full view as she bobs up and down. Up and down, up and down, until exhaustion has drained the last drop of energy from her. Peter understands and does not put another track on. The music has stopped. She embraces me, covered in sweat, like me, kisses me on the mouth. She manages a warm smile and says, 'Vita, I love you. We'll meet again.' Without any more ado, she repairs to the bedroom and is gone.
John has called Martha and me a cab, ushers us along when it has arrived and we are gone too.
The night at Martha's
In the cab with Martha we muse on the evening's events. With me, she deems the evening a great success, a big turn-on. She has enjoyed her role as the instigator. I was not sure whether she envied me my hitting it off so well with Xandra. But she says, 'It was me that involved you and her, remember? I assumed that she would volunteer to inspect you, was not absolutely sure, but considered it quite likely. When she did, I was very happy, because I knew she would create something under the sun. Naturally, I selected her and the rest is history. You'll meet again, which is great. She has a lot to offer and has a network at least the size of mine, with some overlap of course. I don't mind your fun with her. Just don't go solo and forget me.' I reassure her, we embrace and that is that.
I have remained naked underneath my raincoat and carry my dress and remaining attire in my overnight bag. My coat is half open, as before. The taxi driver is discrete. During the 10 min trip, I see his eyes looking at me in his rear-view mirror, but he behaves. Fine by me. Look at me he can. Martha dealt with him when we got in, and does it again when arrive at her place.
We enter her hallway and she offers to take my coat. I hand it to her and am naked once again, the third venue I find myself in like so within 6, 7 hours. We quickly conclude we have no appetite for more drinking and merriment. Time for bed. We stand around for a moment looking at each other. Martha cuts it short and says, 'I have prepared the guestroom for you, but I don't think there is any question of that. I want us to sleep together in my bed. I need that release after sharing you so much.' 'I am game, Martha. We both need that release.' 'Great, Vita, let's go. But first, let me get equal with you. Watch me.'
Before describing the action, I am conscious of not having described her in any detail yet, beyond what she wore. Well, she is some 5 years younger than I, at least... Artsy type. I have indicated she wore a black evening suit, an elegant women's cut, with a loose-fitting pink silk blouse. Her hair is naturally silver-blond, wavy, cut short of shoulder length. Naturally blond, but I guess assisted by a blond rinse of some kind. Her shoulders are on the slender side, compared to her hips, which lean towards heaviness, but not by much. The shoulder pads in the jacket did the right thing for her. Her muscles are toned and she looks fine. She sports a mild all-over tan - lingering from the summer? Her skin is better than mine; that is where her youth speaks.
She does not exactly perform a striptease for me, or ask me to undress her. But she said, 'watch me,' and I do follow her request keenly, taking two armlengths of distance. Keen, as I have never seen her naked before. She faces me.
Off go her moderately high heels. She gets out of her jacket. Drops it on the couch. Her suit trousers follow. She wears a white pantyhose underneath. The pink button-down shirt is unbuttoned and she tosses it on the couch. She thus reveals a pink bra, matching the shirt exactly. She wiggles her thumbs inside the waistband of her pantyhose, pulls it down and steps out of it. She unclips her bra and frees the modestly sized, but juicy breasts. Finally, her panties and she is as naked as I am. Her bush I have described before. She shaves the labia and groin, but maintains an ample bushy triangle above her slit. A silver-blond bush is cute.
Now is the moment. She takes me by the hand and leads me upstairs to her bedroom. I follow her ass, into her bed.
We are in sixty-nine within a minute of burning kissing. Before I really dig in and eat her, I have the presence of mind to study her vulva well, inspect her, holding back of the sexual passion I feel. Good girl. I register that her clit seems more prominent than mine, that the labia majora are quite lean and the folds of the inner labia wonderfully complex and more striking then mine, just a touch, completing that rose of flesh. She has not shaven her lower vulva today, so I meet a little stubble. She has not washed since the morning, so there is just a hint of tanginess of sweat and urine, and remnants of perfume (for me?), neither of which I mind. In cases where a bush is totally unkept, the smell can be too much, that is, unless recently washed. But when the sweet, fishy taste of the love juices breaks through, who is complaining? Soon after we get started, she turns quite wet, which makes me wild, and wet on my part. We have a rush together. If you want me to say how many times I climax, or she does, I cannot possibly say. We come, each of us, more than once. The count is immaterial. It is electric and we have a hot, hot time...
...before we lose it, lose it in ecstasy. All I know is that I, as the bottom in our sixty-nine, ultimately fall asleep between her legs, as does she between mine. That is a first! At least, we wake up in that position, but fallen side by side. Vague memories and the taste in our mouths tell us the story and whether it has taken us 15 min or an hour to get there...? I fear closer to the 15, but it was wild! The count does not matter.
We have breakfast in sweet nothing bathrobes, a bit shy, very satisfied... Lovers now.
Still there. She is looking over my shoulder as I jot down my first memories of this day to remember.