There's something about seeing a woman naked by accident that has always been a huge turn on for me. What's even hotter is when you have reason to think she intended it, but you don't know that for sure. I'm pretty sure that it turns me on so much because of an incident when I was a little boy around 9 or 10 years old when I was at a friends house. His mom was in her late 40s-early 50s roughly from what i remember and an attractive woman especially for her age. She was single too. Me and my friend were in the living room playing video games. Her bedroom was just to my left and her door was open. The master bathroom it had was in direct view from where I was, and to my shock she was naked in her room. I didn't know this until she walked to the bathroom to blow dry her hair and get ready for bed. In full view from where I sat, she stood there butt naked blow drying her hair, brushing her teeth, and whatever else. No way did she was she not able to see me or know that I could see her. It was exciting to me. Very exciting. I looked every chance I could while trying to not let my friend see me doing it. From where he was, he couldn't see her. Just me.
Her thick, "flawed" mature, naked body was so exciting to look at. At one point she turned directly around and was facing me. I figured for sure she'd disappear once she saw me, but she didnt. She just stood there as if she was unaware and filed her fingernails for several minutes as I cautiously looked every chance I got worried she'd see me or that my buddy would. Butt naked full frontal. Tits and pussy. I can't describe how exciting that was. Eventually she finished, put a robe on, and went to bed, but not after 20 solid minutes or so of being naked about 25 ft to my left. I know now that she knew full well what she was doing. Maybe she was just a nudist who thought nothing of it, or maybe she enjoyed being butt naked and knowing I was looking every single moment i could. That was exciting as hell. This memory i believe, is what makes certain things and this particular event so crazy hot for me even decades later.
Recently I was walking my dog in the neighborhood. Because of my work schedule, its after 1 a.m. when I do. One night, i accidentally noticed when I walked by this one house that a woman was going around with nothing but a t shirt on. I noticed because a couple of windows had no curtains and no blinds. Maybe they did but were just open. I dont know. I know that she only had a t shirt on because I could see all of her legs. The t shirt wasnt long, so a little bit of her ass showed. I realized she didn't have panties on when she extended her arms over her head reaching for something on the top of a shelf, and her shirt went up enough to expose her ass.
Once I saw all this, I just stood and watched and lingered around. It just seemed like this woman would have to know that at some point I would see her because I walk my dog every night and right past her house st least 2 or 3 times. I've seen her outside during the day. Shes middle aged with that voluptuous, natural body I like with natural tits. She's cute and sexy, so this was pretty hot to see. I watched for a while until a car pulled up in her neighbor's drive. I didnt want them to see me standing out there in front of her house just staring, so I went home and jacked off as soon as I got there.
After this incident, i began to notice that every time I walked past her house while walking my dog every night, that the blinds or curtains on those windows were always open, and I always stopped to look. I saw her going around in a t shirt only each night and caught glimpses of her ass when she would bend over or reach up. It was hot every time, and one night it got even hotter when instead of her wearing a regular t shirt, she was wearing a sleeveless, wife beater type t shirt that revealed a lot of her cleavage from the front and the side. It was also even shorter with her still wearing no panties. It didnt take much for her entire ass or tits to show. Even her pussy at times. It was hairless, and I love a hairless pussy. That really got me.
It got hotter each time because she began to wear things and do things that exposed her tits, pussy, and ass more often. It got even hotter just knowing that she knows I walk my dog every night. She also knows I do it very late and that I go by her house. Each time I'd watch until she quit appearing and the lights went off. Then I would hurry home and jack off like a mad man.
This happened a few more times and one night it really went over the top. As i walked by eager to see her prance around randomly exposing different parts of her hot, thick, mature body, she suddenly passed by one of the windows and was fully naked. My dick got so hard and nearly jumped out of my pants. I thought she was for sure going to put a t shirt of some kind on, but she didnt. She just did a little laundry and other things as usual. She just pranced around doing the same things butt naked and without a care in the world.
This was too hot to just stand and watch, so I took my dog home. I came back and walked around to a side window once she stopped appearing in the front two. She was in the living room and still butt naked. Just watching TV or surfing the net on her phone. I saw her eyes glance my direction and thought she saw me. I was ready then to bolt, but she just glanced back to her phone. My dick ached as I just watched her slightly reclined in a chair on her phone butt naked.
This went on a few minutes when she opened up a magazine and reclined a little more. When she did, I couldn't see her face behind the magazine, so I knew she was less likely to see me and I was able to look non stop and less paranoid.. At the same time, I noticed her legs opened more, and little by little they kept opening more. Eventually they were wide open. I started jacking off right there. It was just too hot not to. I dont know it, but I think she knew I was looking and was intentionally trying to drive me crazy. She got up for this or that, but would eventually sit back down in a provocative position with legs as wide open as possible and that hairless pussy on full display. She would even lift a leg up at times and pull it back and outward like some innocent stretching. It was as if she was trying to use that hairless pussy to see how hard she could make me jack off. She did things as if she knew how bad I wanted to lick it. I nearly went out of my mind. I came so hard it was unreal. She wouldn't walk towards the window I was looking in or do anything that told me she knew I was there or that would cause me to leave. I think it's because she enjoyed making me crazy horny.
This happened other times after that and there were nights she even got off rubbing her pussy or going at it with a toy as I watched and jacked off. Even if she kept a t shirt on, her pussy and ass would be exposed and legs open. I would blow my wad like crazy each time.
Once the weather was warm she would hang out in her back yard. She would be in a wife beater or short t shirt. I would watch her and I'm pretty sure she knew because she would do provocative stuff and even go fully naked which made me crazy horny. Sometimes she would get off on her patio. One night I just lost it as she was getting herself off and just walked in through the gate, stripped off my sweat pants started sucking those sexy, mature tits. She just let me and pulled me upward to get my aching cock in her mouth. She resumed getting herself off as she sucked and slurped on my cock. As she worked her pussy, she moaned sucked. I just pumped my cock in her mouth like it was a pussy. I couldn't even help it. I went at it until I was squirting like crazy. She just kept sucking my squirting dick and cumming herself until I had nothing left and was spent. Then I went home.
This happened again and sometimes I fucked her pussy. Each time though, unless she stopped me, I would just hem her up and devour that meaty, hairless pussy and those tits for a while.. My dick would go in her mouth or pussy. Just wherever she seemed to want it. Wherever it went, I just went at it and squirted until I couldn't hardly stand up. Then I'd go home.
Sometimes shes outside during the day when I drive by, and she just waves with a cute smile. This is our little secret and I enjoy walking my dog at night more than I ever thought possible.