Nigkala Tales Pt. 24: Mars needs Women
It says so on the label
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Red Horizons finally passed all the hardware checks for their Mars flight. Now would begin the construction of the stations, ships, and the selection of the people they would send. Having been involved with some of their engineering, I kept a weather eye on them, as I had good memories with them. They were about three months from staffing the new mega-station, when I received a call.
"Hello, Becky Sue here."
"Hello there. I am Brian Stevens, from Red Horizons HR. I understand you have worked on some of our space equipment. We would like to hire you to help train the orbital crew, and perhaps more. Would you be interested?"
"Yes. What all would be encompassed?"
"You would teach Zero-G movement, remote limb control, and Zero-G calisthenics. Initially, you would teach at our headquarters, and later, in orbit."
I thought about it, and I had just finished another movie as a fight trainer, so I had a lot of free time. "Sounds fun. I'm in. Can you send the contract over? I'll have my lawyer look it over and negotiate the details."
"I'll have our lawyers do that."
"I'll be seeing you." We ended the call, and I spoke with Filipe about it.
"Well, sounds like you will be spending some time in orbit."
"They didn't promise it."
"That won't stop you. So, what do you plan to wear?"
"The usual. I'll wear clothes that let them see my naughty bits, occasionally. They might even let me use the nanotech outfit also."
"You had fun with that tech."
"Yeah, I did." I smiled at the memories. "I wonder, can it sub for a spacesuit?"
"That could be dangerous, especially if it fails."
"Yeah, but it might do for emergencies. I'll suggest it to them."
My lawyers got me a nice deal. I got room and board, and afterwards, I got to keep my nanotech outfit and a charger. A few weeks later, I drove to their headquarters in Chicago. I met Brian in the lobby.
"Welcome back, Becky Sue. If you could step into security, they can get you some updated badges." We spent a few minutes there, and then headed to the training facility in my car. I hung the car's badge on the mirror. It was a fair distance into the campus, and Brian said that was to discourage interruptions.
"All the trainees live here, as part of their training. It is kind of like dorms, in that everyone has a room with their bed and stuff, and four rooms share a set of common rooms, consisting of a full bath, kitchen, and living room. We gave you two dorms, and knocked out a door between them. One of them is for living space and one is an office. The other two are a project office and supplies. You are also at the end of the hall, so you can have quiet if you need it." We went there, and he showed me my space, and I noticed they even had a custom long bed. My office had a filing cabinet with four empty drawers, a desk and nice chair, and two visitor chairs.
He took a key and chain off the desk. "This is a key to the suite. It also opens the doors to your room and office. The people running the project office also have keys to the suite, but it opens the project office and storage doors, and not your rooms. Someone will be here during office hours, and a little more before and after, but otherwise, you have the suite to yourself. They will handle most of your needs. Now, follow me, and I'll give you the nickel tour."
He led me around, showing the cafeteria, the gym, the library, the lab, and the social rooms. The latter had some video games, a pool table, and several tables for playing games. A few people were about. Against one wall, was a selection of board and card games. Another corner was set up as a small bar with no seating, but I saw beer, soda, coffee, and some other things I couldn't identify from the door.
He walked me back to my car. "You can put your stuff in your room. Introduce yourself, and make yourself at home. We are expecting a few more arrivals tomorrow, but the day after, we will begin things. Oh, and on your bed, you will find a small guide. While it is not rules, per se, we would like everyone to try to keep them. As the trainer, and not the trainee, they apply even less to you, but there is something to be said of setting the example. The guide also has the schedule currently planned. If you need to change it, no problem, all the room computers have access to the master schedule." With that, he said goodbye, and got into a car nearby.
I spent the next ten minutes unloading my car and setting up my dorm. It would have been longer, but three guys really wanted to talk to me, so I enlisted their help. One girl was also with them, and she helped to hold doors open and telling me all about the guys. The guys talked a bit, but couldn't keep up with her.
One of the guys asked, "So, Becky Sue, how did you score this suite? You look a little... um, old, to be a trainee."
"Well, Nate, I'm not a trainee, but will be working with you here, and this is one of the perks. More will be revealed later, but for now, just know that they called me." I grinned, and chuckled at their reactions.
The girl asked, "Why?"
"Well, Tanya, I've worked with them before, so I'm a known quantity. I'm much easier to justify to the bean counters. I suspect you all might wind up considering me as an older sister, a den mother, a wise elder, or The Man, depending."
"Depending on what?"
"You'll see. Surely, you all will have fun speculating about me. Don't worry, it won't bother me no matter how outrageous an idea you come up with. Now, with all my stuff here, how about we head out, and you introduce me to the others?"
Nate said, "Sure." I spent the rest of the day chatting with the others, getting to know them, without giving too much information about myself. There were seventeen trainees here so far. As I was supposed to instruct them soon, I declined their offers of sex, but welcomed conversation, and company at meals. Overnight, I familiarized myself with the curriculum. The next day, I met the rest of the trainees when Brian brought them over in three batches. He gave them the same nickel tour. We had a class of twenty-four trainees. After dinner, I reminded everyone we started in the gym at nine.
I arrived at the gym at eight, and began my own workout, but I only did enough to see the range of motion on the machines. I was wearing very short shorts, a tight t-shirt, and tennis shoes. I also had a whistle and a stopwatch, marking my authority, and a fancy watch I could use to take notes. The first person showed up at a quarter to, and I suggested they limber up with some stretches.
On the hour, I looked over the crowd, and noted who was late. I wrote their names on a board by the door. Then I addressed the class. "Trainees, I am Doctor Becky Sue Tate. I have worked for Red Horizons before as a trainer. I have also spent time in orbit, and have worked on both the nanotech clothing and the remote control limbs. This makes me well qualified to teach you. You will note we have two people who are late. They have earned an hour of supervised gym time with me after dinner. Yes, it may be a bit much, but you need to learn to be on time, as others are counting on you. This punishment for tardiness applies to all classes I teach, so don't be late. A little early is fine, as long as you are not leaving someone else in the lurch.
"I usually go by Becky Sue, but I don't mind if you call me coach, sensei, teacher, or doctor. If it is done with respect, you can even call me 'bitch'." That got some chuckles. "Okay, we'll start out with some stretches, and then we'll do a few laps, so I can see your general fitness. Please follow my lead." I then began with some stretches. When it looked like everyone was ready, I told everyone to follow me, and I began running some laps. After two laps, I turned around and ran backwards, so I could watch the crowd behind me. I called out to the laggards to run faster.
After eight laps, which was about a mile, I said, "Okay, when you finish this lap, walk a final lap to cool down." When they gathered with me after, I continued, "Pair up. I want you to spread out on the exercise machines, one on and one spotting. If your partner cannot spot you, then don't use that machine. If they can spot at lower weights, then do only what they can spot. Pair up with someone else if you want to do more. The goal is not pure strength, but a well-toned body, that serves you well. I will go around and check in on each of you."
I then told them to go to the machines, and I wandered around, helping out and explaining things as I watched them work. At eleven, I blew my whistle and said, "Gym time is over in thirty, when you are ready, head for the lockers. I'll see you in the cafeteria."
In my reading the other night, I learned the locker room was co-ed, to get everyone used to being without much privacy on the trip. At eleven thirty, I headed there, and proceeded to take a leisurely shower. I decided to see if I could project Inanna's power in such a way that they would have sex with each other, but remain out of it myself. I began with a low level push, for some sexual overtures. I got a fair amount of attention for my extra breasts, and was the center of a small group of people who asked about them. Even as I talked about them, I washed them, with lots of soap, and most of the group had trouble keeping their eyes on my face. The guys got erections. When one apologized, I just told him none was needed, as it meant they appreciated my body. I then struck a pose, and sent a brief intense pulse of the field I was pushing. Two other guys in the group instantly reacted with erections of their own. By the time I left the shower, three couples were touching intimately, but not actually having sex. I would try again tomorrow.
After lunch, we went to the lab. There were a number of stations there with remote control arms. I sat at one in the center, and said, "Gather round. Let me show you how to work the arms." I inserted the paired combs to my scalp, and continued, "These combs pick up your brainwaves. You will need to train them and your brain, to use them. Let me show you how they work. Nancy, do something with your arms and hands, and everyone, watch the arms inside the unit." I pointed to the arms, without the remote arms doing anything. The day before I had checked out the units, so when Nancy started moving her arms, I caused them to move just like her arms without moving my own arms.
"As you can see, I am already trained in their use. You can also see they are duplicating her movements. Each of you will learn how to do this, as the mission requires their use for a number of things. There are experiments to be performed in places a suit would not work, as well as repairs. This lets you do stuff that needs hands, where your own hands cannot easily go." I took the combs out, and stood. "Now, I need eight volunteers to go first." I waited for eight to sit at the consoles. "Log in, so it knows who you are."
"Here's how you place the combs." I then instructed them, and helped them place them correctly. "There is some play in where they can be placed, but you want to be as consistent as possible, as it is learning from you." I then pointed out the 'learning' button. "Press this button to begin learning. You will see a motion to perform on the display. Do that with your real arms and hands. When it tells you to stop, stop. It will then ask you to visualize the remote arms doing the same thing. Proceed to do that until it says stop. It will go through a number of gross movements first, before going onto more intricate motions. It is building a library of your brain waves to learn how you think, so that later you can more easily control them."
After the ones sitting began their training, I said to the others, "This will take a while, so the rest of you come over here." I led them to another area of the lab. "This area is designed to familiarize yourself with the equipment on your mission. Read about it on the terminal, and then practice controlling it via the terminal. These also need for you to log in. If you have any questions, call out, as I will be over at the remote-arm training area. When they finish, half of you take their places, and the other half help them get started here. Any questions?" There were none, so I went back to the first area.
I looked over the shoulders of the trainees, and also opened my mind to read what they were doing, and subtly guided each into achieving their initial goals. Usually, I did this by making suggestions, but sometimes also pushing their minds a little in the right direction. I kept the latter subtle enough, so they didn't notice my 'help'. When these stations dinged, I told them to log out, stretch, and then relieve someone over in the other part of the room and send them here. Five minutes later, the next batch was starting their first session.
When the third ding occurred, the last group had finished their first session. "Okay, folks, that's all the formal training for the day. Log out, and shut down the systems. Now it is time for dinner, and after that, I'll see the laggards in the gym for their bonus round." I smiled at that, making them get mildly concerned, just what those two were in for. I just saw to it that they exercised an extra hour. Each would spot the other for some sets, before switching places and doing more sets. They finished off with another mile run.
The next two days were repeats, except - no one was late. I was able to spend more time focusing on individuals, helping them get better at using the remote arms, and ensuring they do a good variety of exercises that are designed to keep them generally fit and strong. The action in showers did increase. The third day, one couple had sex in front of everyone, and it broke the ice, so to speak. From that point on, sex happened in the showers. Once, five couples were going at it at once. I started focusing the power on pairs, trying to make them get together, and thus get everyone comfortable with everyone else.
The fourth day, I introduced them to the nanotech clothing. "This clothing can be programmed to simulate pretty much any clothing you want. Let me show you a few outfits." I then proceeded to go through a few standard outfits. "As you can see, the technology is endlessly variable. The main constraints are providing power for transformations, and the training of the unit to your voice. The reason you don't hear me invoking these changes is because I make use of the mental interface. This is the same one you are learning for the remote arms. Having already been trained, I can switch fairly easy, and do some other custom things."
One of the trainees asked, "What kind of custom things?"
"Well, there's this..." I caused the existing top to suddenly have a white name tag with my name on it in black. I then added a large image of an eagle on the back while they weren't looking. "And, for the more daring among out, there's this..." I turned around.
"Woah!"
"It looks like a photograph."
"Did it just move?"
"Oh my god! It did."
"Yes, having had plenty of experience, I have pushed the technology. I am the best at this because of the time I have invested in it. Most will use pre-programmed outfits. You scan in an image of some outfit you want to wear, and the system will combine it with your measurements, and when you select the outfit, it will transform into it. You will find more information on it in your reading materials, as it is considered part of your equipment for the trip. It is a lot cheaper to send up one nanotech outfit with hundreds of outfits programmed than it is to send up enough clothing to last the trip. I don't know what Red Horizons will eventually select, but I suspect you will have at least one real outfit. In the meantime, you will need to compile a set of pictures of clothing you would like to wear."
That afternoon, the discussion of the remote arms considered just how good they could be. I told them some models are actually used as prosthetics, and that the control system makes them almost indistinguishable from the real thing. But the class strongly doubted it, saying that as good as the system was, there was no way they could be mistaken for real arms. So late that night, I teleported home and got my own prop arms for Obsidian.
The next day, I left lunch early, and in my room I put on the extra arms. I then created some new patterns for the nanotech. When I met the class in the lab, my own arms were clasped behind my back, and the lab coat I appeared to be wearing gave no hint of them; instead, its sleeves went around my extra arms. I had a clipboard and pen as props on a table. When the class came in, I called them to order.
"Folks, last night we discussed the capabilities of these remote arms. You generally felt that they could never truly replace natural arms. Tell me, can such arms do this?" I walked over and picked up my props. Pointing to one trainee, I said, "Give me a sentence." And waited.
When one was given, I wrote it down and showed another, asking, "Is this what she said?"
"Yes."
"Your turn. Give me a sentence." I repeated this three more times.
"As you can see, I wrote your statements on the paper here. Let me see a show of hands: who thinks this is beyond the capability of prosthetics?" Nearly every hand went up.
"Sam, you don't agree. Why?"
"I don't know, ma'am. I'm got a strange vibe watching you write that stuff, but can't pin it down further."
"You noticed something different about me. Anyone else? Go ahead, and take another look." I continued holding the pen and clipboard out in plain sight. I even made a note that Sam got a vibe from me.
Terry piped up, "Your lab coat seems to be off."
"Good. What name is on it?"
"Becky Sue."
"You answered without looking. Try again."
"... Oh! It says Obsidian. Why?"
"What is the logo?"
"... It's not Red Horizons."
"Anyone?"
Several looked before someone said, "I know! It's the Mortal Kombat logo."
Looking directly at the trainee who recognized it, I said, "And together, this means?"
"... Why didn't we see it before? You're the actress Helen Asher. You play Obsidian in the Mortal Kombat movies."
"Keep going. Why is this relevant?"
"Well, she has four breasts, just like you, but she also has four arms. Wait. Your arms. That's what's odd. They are too low."
"Good. Let me show you." I then gave the command to retract the lab coat's sleeves, revealing the way the extra arms were attached. I then moved my real arms into view. "You can see the arms holding the clipboard and pen are my 'extra' arms. You saw them write, and didn't notice they were prosthetics. While I have had a lot of time invested in these, you can get this level of control if you work at it. For those not currently on the arms, you can check out my spares. Just don't interfere with my assistance of those on the machines."
When the lab time was over, I switched to one of Obsidian's outfits. I ate dinner four handed, to the amusement of the others, and I encouraged the others to discuss what they saw me do with my extra arms. The next day, I didn't wear the arms, but did discuss the true limitations I had learned, and how I compensated. I also told them that thousands of veterans can now do what they could not do because of these arms and the control systems I developed jointly with Red Horizons. In the free time, much was said about my movie work.
I spoke to Brian Stevens, and suggested we screen two of my movies to show just what the nanotech and the prosthetics can do. He gave the okay, but it had to occur in a free time, not during class time. I gave the word we would have a pair of movie nights to highlight what these systems can be pushed to do. We all gathered in the largest social room to watch the movies. I made sure there was plenty of popcorn. I did warn them that the movies were sexually explicit, but that the use of the tech had no post-processing. It all happened in-camera. The only post-processing was in making my fake arms seamlessly attach to my body. All their movement, grasping, and fighting was real.
After the first film, we discussed the many features used of the nanotech clothing. They were quite surprised at the critters becoming three-dimensional. But the way the clothing went from one form to the next in real time, left them in awe of its capabilities. The next night, they got to see just how realistic my prosthetic arms looked. Some said they had assumed it was all special effects, and I had just shown them it wasn't.
"I show these films, not to brag about what I did, but rather to inspire you to dream of new ways to use the tech. Don't limit your imagination to the idea of 'clothing' or 'remote arm', but rather dream of 'dynamic solid' and 'all-purpose tool'."
Sam said, "I can see how an arm is an all-purpose tool, in a way, but you think it is truly that grandiose?"
"Who said it was an arm? It could be a leg. It might have more joints. It might have swappable power tools on the end. It might be a vehicle or a body. The possibilities are endless."
"I didn't even think of that!"
"Remember; don't limit your imagination to the ordinary. To get something new, someone has to think of it first. If your ideas have merit, I am sure Red Horizons will explore it."
Eventually, most of the trainees completed the ground courses. The two, who didn't, withdrew from the program. Given only eight would be selected, no one was worried about having enough people in the crew. The next part was the zero gravity training. I had already given my spacesuit to the techs to prepare for this part of the training. We were given the weekend off, and then went up on Monday. We had special shoes for space. They had magnets in the heel that would provide several pounds of force to hold you to a metal surface.
As we waited for liftoff, I told them, "Folks, I have been up twice before. Panic is an enemy. So is complacency. Always be aware of your surroundings. This is one of the points I was making in the lab and gym with all my questions about your surroundings. Another thing to remember - stay within grabbing distance of something. Don't assume your feet will stay attached to the surface. You never want to be stuck floating out of reach of anything, because it will take a long time for air currents or magnetism to move you near something. The primary tool you will to move about inside is the grappler. You saw the training videos, so you know I know how to use them. They can save your life, or just save a few hours that you don't wait to coast into a wall."
When we arrived at the space station, I reminded everyone to keep hold of something as they moved about. I was the first to get up when we were cleared to move. "Follow me." I led the way into the station, and quickly into the spinning area. "The training is starting out in the lightweight area, so you can get used to the lack of weight. We will spend a lot of time soon in zero gravity."
The first two days were done entirely in the low-gravity area to get them used to using careful, measured pushes to move, and to learn how to walk using the magnetic shoes. The third day, we took our first trip to zero gravity for training. I showed them careful walking, faster gliding, and jumping down and across a corridor. The latter required either flipping repeatedly, or learning to use your hands to help your movement. I even demonstrated magnetic gloves created for that purpose. They spent the rest of the day, with breaks, learning all those moves. I spent the day catching people, and correcting their mistakes, even as I set their immediate goals.
The fourth day, I took them to a well-lit and empty storage area. I brought a telescoping pole. I started by holding one trainee six inches off the surface, and then let them go. I told them to wait and see how long it took them before they were connected magnetically again. We moved the rest of the class further into the space. There, I paired trainees, and had a pair grab the pole, while I positioned them ten feet off the surface. I told them to let go of the pole, and after it was out of the way, to push off each other to see how long it took to get to a surface. Most had managed this when the first trainee finally connected.
I told everyone how long that took, and told them that time was for when you were close. I then continued with the pairs. After each had done this three times, we broke for a meal in zero-gravity. Next was learning the grappler. I pointed out the far surface, and told them to hold each other a foot off this surface, and to release once steady. They were then to use the grappler to pull themselves to the other side. I would release the last of the trainees. They were to cross at least a dozen times, without running into each other. They quickly figured out they needed to space out from each other.
The last exercise was being placed ten feet from the surface, and having another trainee use the grappler to pull you in. the first time, the one being pulled in would deliberately pull hard enough to pop free the other. This would show them the folly of haste, and how they would eventually would drift back, depending on how long the pull lasted before the pop. The next time, they were to allow the one on the surface to do all the pulling. The next day was more of the same.
The final new exercise was also in that space, but with lines attached across the space with almost no slack. Here, they were to pull themselves, accelerating with each pull, and when they reached the halfway point, flip and coast, cushioning themselves at the end. After each time, I had them pull faster, to gain more speed, to see what the effect of haste was here. I pointed out this was the same as a Manned Maneuvering Unit's rocket. It can make you accelerate, but you need to know how fast you can land, and thus slow down before impacting. I even placed an impact meter at one line, so I could show them how the speed affects things. It registered my speed of approach, and the G-force and duration of my landing. After showing it, I let others use it also.
The next week was spent doing zero-gravity exercises, including jogging around the outer floor of the stationary section. We also stayed in the zero gravity area from that point on. When I indicated they were all proficient, we all returned back to the ground. We had a long weekend to recover, so I took the opportunity to screen the entire "Space Pussy" saga for them. Tex got wind of it and showed up unannounced.
At this point, the training was over, and they were ready for the trip. The spaceship, however, had another three months of tests, fine-tuning, and supplying. I went back home. I followed the news of the spaceship and crew, how they were undergoing additional training, and testing. Four more dropped out, one due to appendicitis, and another to a broken leg, the others for other reasons.
They were about twenty hours from mission launch when a missile came up from somewhere over the Pacific, and headed for the ship. Try as they might, they were unable to stop it or evade it. It was a seeking missile, and it targeted the primary air plant. While none of the crew was hurt, if the plant wasn't fixed within a few days, they would have to scrub the launch and reschedule more than a year later. And until it was fixed, the environmental system would be so poor, that they might not survive. They were scrambling to get something up quick, but it looked to be thirty-six hours minimum before it could arrive.
When I heard that, I thought about it, and decided I could help, by way of teleporting. But how can I do it without blowing the lid off my secret? That's when I thought of Tex. I called him. It took a while to connect, and I had to retry several times. I even sent a text to alert him I had some help I can offer that can save a lot of time. Eventually, I did connect.
"Becky Sue, I'm really busy. Make it quick."
"You know I have certain mental abilities beyond the norm?"
"Yes."
"I also have movement beyond the norm."
"Spell it out. I can't puzzle things out now."
"Teleport."
"... WHAT DID YOU SAY?"
"And I can carry a decent amount with me when I do."
"... Can you reach orbit?"
"I don't know, but want to try. Where can we meet?"
"I'm in the Florida launch facility."
"Send me some coordinates. I'll be there shortly. I'll also text you the number I'll call from."
He sent the location, and hung up.
I changed into clothes suitable for zero gravity, and over that was my flying suit. I picked up one of my burner phones, and texted its number to Tex on my regular phone, which I then turned off. I left a message for Filipe. Walking outside, with my spacesuit in a backpack, I teleported up, then to Florida. As I slowly flew down from four miles up, I used the burner phone to locate where I was. Two short teleports put me four miles up and one mile west of the site. Sending Tex a message, I then used An's power to glide down quickly until I landed exactly on target. As I neared it, I realized it was Tex's pickup. I chose to land in the bed. As I was gliding the last few yards, I noted Tex had just entered his pickup.
Tex came storming out, and started to yell, "What's going on here? Where are you? Show yourself...." Then his tone changed. "Huh? Becky Sue? You really got here fast, like you said. What's that you're taking off?"
"I find that there are fewer explanations if I give the appearance of reasonability. This is a flying suit, designed to glide from a height in a controlled fall. Not as good as a parachute, but slow enough to allow one to land without injury from any height. Few bother to look for a plane I jumped out of, and those that do, just wonder where it went. Everyone expects I jumped."
"And the backpack?"
"My spacesuit. While I can get pretty high up, the air gets really thin, and I think I may need a little help."
"Yeah, that you will."
"Shall we go someplace and determine what to do?"
"Yeah. Follow me."
To speed things up, I opened my mind up to read any leakage from Tex. As we walked inside, I asked Tex for an overview.
"Becky Sue, some crack-pot group doesn't want man to go to Mars. After the missile hit, they put out a statement, with all sorts of crazy theories. The FBI is on the case, so we can ignore them for now. While low yield, it still did enough damage to put the trip in major jeopardy. It hit the air plant. They have patched things sufficiently to not die for a few days, but they cannot do much more without supplies. One of the biggest is sufficient air to make a number of trips outside to do repairs. They also need certain supplies to repair the systems."
"What about other systems?"
"There is damage across the board, but until the air is assured, the rest is secondary."
"I haven't determined how much I can transport, but I think if I can carry it, then I can do it. I will need a way to find the ship, as distance and light levels up there won't cut it. Can you get something I can see while in space?"
"I think I can do that. How much can you carry?"
"Normally, I would top out at about nine hundred pounds, but using certain special skills, I can double, maybe triple that."
"That's not physically possible."
"I stopped paying attention to that limitation back when I was a kid. I will grant you, it is hard."
We got inside, and Tex brought me into the group, saying only that I might be able to shift a ton's worth of equipment very quickly. When asked, I just said my method is secret, and that I wouldn't explain it. I also indicated that the material needed to be packed into a single unit, and that it could withstand exposure to space. While they were reluctant to accept my statements, a few whammies later, they were cooperative. Within an hour, there was a plastic pallet with about twenty-five hundred pounds worth of supplies. On one side, was the ship tracker I asked for. We shooed the onlookers away, then Tex used a forklift to take the pallet around the corner, where no one could see what we were doing.
I got out my space suit, and put in on and started it up. Just before closing the helmet, I said, "Well, Tex, here's two more of my secrets." I then grabbed hold of the equipment, and focused my rock power into it to make it lightweight. A few seconds later, I teleported up as far as I could, while carrying the equipment. Teleporting eighteen more times, I was near the orbit of the ship. I needed two more teleports to arrive in sight of the ship. One last teleport and I was adjacent to it.
Reaching out with my mind, I could sense no one was near the airlock I was at. Knowing their concern, I decided to teleport through the metal, since metal conducts electricity. I looked through the viewport of the airlock, and with one hand holding the equipment, and the other holding the handle, I teleported. It felt different, but I appeared in the airlock. I repeated the process to sense the area, and then teleport out of the airlock into the ship.
I went to the nearest intercom, and hit the button for broadcast. "Did someone send for a fairy godmother? I have presents. Please come to Airlock 3." As soon as I finished, I heard others chatting, asking what happened. In preparation, I opened my helmet, revealing my smiling face. A few minutes later, several people came.
"Becky Sue! How did you get here? And what's that?"
"How I got here is secret. But these are supplies to get you over the hump. The central cylinder is a spare, just like the one in the air plant. It is fully charged. A lot of the rest is supplies to deal with the worst of the damage. While an emergency ship is en route, it won't be here for over a day. With these materials, you can get a good start on repairs, and maybe finish with a large time margin for the mission." With a touch of An's authority, I said, "What say we take this bundle apart, and head to the work site?"
Immediately, they started tearing into the pallet. When the cylinder was free, I grabbed it and followed the next person to leave. A half hour later, everything was at the work site, and they began to do the repairs. A few minutes later, I realized Nathan was not helping. Rather than asking, I focused on the life out here, and headed for the one that wasn't with the rest. I wound up in sick bay, and found Nathan lightly strapped to a wall, so he wouldn't accidentally float away. One eye was covered with a bandage.
"What happened to you?"
"Becky Sue? What are you doing here?"
"I'm helping. The others are going through the supplies I brought to repair systems, and to refill the air supply. The immediate emergency is over, but the serious nature is still in the balance. My supplies are buying time. So, you?"
"Several of us were in the area when the missile hit. We all suffered, but I was the worst. They fear I will lose my eye. I know it is gone. We all agreed that the mission could go on with a missing eye. But keeping ground-side in the dark is hard on us."
"So no one ground-side knows?"
"Yeah, it's a secret so far. I don't know if we can keep it covered up, with you, and that rescue ship showing up."
"Hmm... I may be able to do something about that."
"How? You're an actress, not a doctor."
"True, but I am also a priestess. Few know, and I would like to keep it that way. But that gives me access to some healing. Would you like me to try?"
"I don't want you to make anything worse, but okay, you can try."
"Then let's take that eye-patch off." I carefully pulled it off.
"Looks ugly, doesn't it."
"Yes. But I've seen ugly before. Now, let me focus." I placed my hands on either side of the injury, and closed my eyes as I invoked Inanna's power to see the damage, and the way it needed to be. I spoke, "Be calm. Here goes." I then pushed the healthy image into the injured one. I also pushed a lot of my chi with it so that I could spare him some of the strain. The crew did good work, so the changes I forced were small, and the flesh was nearly lined up already. I came out of my trance only fifteen minutes later. Looking at the rest of his body, I spotted some other problems, but quickly realized they were minor.
Getting up, I said, "All done. Open your eyes and look about."
He did, and said, "That's not possible. It is a miracle!"
"Priestesses are associated with delivering miracles. But like other things, it is essentially a secret that I don't want others to know about. To your crewmates, just say I have some unusual abilities. Okay?"
"Yeah, I'll keep quiet. But I owe you a big one."
"Make the trip, and do what you planned. Make this work. Don't worry about owing me anything."
He started to unstrap, so I helped him. We went back to where the rest were, and after a brief welcome ceremony, I said it was time for me to leave. I used An's authority to keep them working on the repairs. Returning the way I came, I again teleported through the metal of the lock twice. With the Earth much larger below me, I had no trouble returning to the Red Horizon site. But without my flying suit, I had to use An's power to land softly. Removing the space suit, I then fished out my burner phone and texted Tex I was back and to meet me where we parted.
We met, and I asked Tex to take me to someplace I could rest. The trip and other things had tired me out. I asked if he could get me a pizza and drink, as I needed to replenish some of the energy I expended. When he brought me the pizza, I asked him for an update.
"Well, I still can't believe it, but you really saved the day. While they still have a lot of work to do, they will get enough done before the emergency rocket gets there to make its work much faster. I'm getting all sorts of questions as to how you did it, but I haven't said a thing. Just that you had a way to get some material up there once, and it worked."
"How about the press and other outsiders?"
"We've managed to keep your stunt secret. In part because no one believes it can be done, and in part because it is us vs. them. And since you are a known person to the company, they are including you with us. Although, given what you just pulled off, I'm not sure if we really know you."
"Well, a girl likes to have some mystery to her. How else is she going to keep the guys coming back for more?" I blinked my eyelids at him. A few seconds later, we both broke up laughing.
"A little mystery is one thing. What you got is several orders of magnitude more."
When I finished the pizza, I asked if there was an empty office or someplace I could get a few Zs. A place was found, and I crashed there for a few hours. When I woke, I texted Tex, and he showed up fifteen minutes later.
"You look tired."
"I am tired. You got to sleep, but I had to stay up worrying about everything with the rest of us."
"How's it going?"
"The emergency rocket is fueling now. It is still being loaded, and will launch in three hours or so. Maybe later."
"Why later?"
"Looks like a storm is brewing and that could delay launch."
"I see. Let me think..." I cast my senses about, and saw he was downplaying it. I could see it would pass north of us, but the system was large enough to give us trouble. So I used An's power and pushed it further north, and caused the southern edge to contract a bit. I left it so that it would miss us by a few miles. "... The storm will miss us. Don't worry about it."
His eyes bugged. "Did you just... do something?"
"Don't tell anyone. I don't think anyone will notice, but yeah, I did something. Remember, those are friends up there, and I wish them well. But the less I have to explain, the better."
"I won't tell anyone. But how can you do all these things?"
"I am a priestess. Some gods got interested in me, and I gained access to some of their powers. But in this scientific world, that is hard to explain, so I don't really mention it much."
"I think it is easy to explain, but hard to believe."
"Would it bother you if I went back with you just to watch things? I'll stay out of your way."
"No. You've earned it, even if I cannot tell them why."
I followed him back, and he got me a VIP chair, claiming I was his guest. Given how determined he looked, no one challenged him. He then got back to his duties, and I got a great view of them managing the emergency launch while keeping the spaceship launch as ready as possible. Every fifteen minutes or so, I focused on the weather, making it even clearer that it would bypass the launch area. About an hour in, their weatherman downgraded the storm threat, which eased a lot of the tension. A half hour before launch, the storm threat was removed.
When the rocket launched, we all cheered. Because of the mass being lifted, and the distance to synchronous orbit, it would take many hours to get there. People went home in shifts, leaving about a third of the people there. When Tex was released, I went with him. He was staying at a hotel, and said he needed sleep, so I said don't worry. I just laid down in the other bed, and went to sleep. An spoke to me in my dreams.
"Priestess, you have intruded upon Heaven."
"Lord An, my friends were in trouble."
"A noble sentiment. But they were in the heavens. The rules for our servants' presence in the heavens are strict, and you broke them."
"I do not know these rules, and I have not heard of them before. Will you teach them to me? I would like to know what I did wrong, so I can make amends."
"I shall teach them to you soon. But first, you must be punished."
"... I understand. What is my punishment?"
"I have not decided yet. I have others to speak with first, to see what is to be done, for you have three other divine patrons at the moment. They also have a say. But for now, I suggest you avoid using your powers until I have decided."
"I'll do my best." I then felt An's presence leave, and my sleep became just sleep. When I woke, I realized I knew the rules, and knew An had placed them in my mind directly. Thinking over them, I saw that I had indeed broken two rules. Less clear were the punishments. Some rules had explicit ones, others had suggestions. The two I noted did not say anything beyond that it could be serious. I felt that meant there would be a bit of politics to determine the punishment.
Getting home without teleporting would be a little complicated, as I didn't have any identification or money on me. But I did have a phone, so I called Filipe. I filled him in on the spaceship success, but also told him that there was some divine trouble brewing that complicated things. I asked him to send our butler with my identification, phone, and purse. Filipe wanted to come himself, but I said he could not take time off from his film to rescue me, but Henry could take the time off.
I stuck with Tex for the next day, just trying to be a fly-on-the-wall to their handling of this emergency. At one point, Tex asked if I could make another delivery, and I told him I was not going to be able to do that again anytime soon. Henry arrived late that night, and I met him at Tex's hotel. Once I had my identification and cards, I rented a pair of rooms for Henry and me. I then offered him a nice dinner on me. He left in the morning.
The next day, with a different outfit, I again hung with Tex. I got to see Mission Control's handling of the rescue, and learned that due to my assistance, they completed repairs, and were ready to go with eight hours left on their window. I was even in the background view they got of Mission Control wishing them a safe journey. Afterwards, I sprung for a small private party for Tex and his immediate team. The next day, I flew home.
I chose to keep close to home while I waited for An's resolution. I did not think there would be a problem with me doing some cosplay, and other demonstrations. Working with my agent to see what I might do, but I told him I was waiting for a legal decision that would affect me to come down. While he worried about me, I assured him it wasn't an issue, but just something I had to do that would take priority. An spoke to me again almost two weeks later, and I was at home at the time.
"Priestess, your presence is required."
"I will head outside." I was barely out the door when the lightning hit. I arrived in An's cloud throne room, except it had four thrones. He sat in the largest, and by his side, Inanna was seated in the one by his side. Next to her, sat a tall African woman. Her clothes seemed to be made of assorted leaves and bark, and she had footwear made of wood. She had assorted feathers in her hair. Porcupine quills pinned the long hair in place. She had amber jewelry, and I think every piece had some bug inside of it. Her weaker aura seemed familiar, but I couldn't place her. On the other side of An was an empty throne. It was gem encrusted, but empty. However, even empty, I could sense another powerful presence.
All this in the brief glimpse I got before I bowed deeply to An, Inanna and the other powers. I did not rise until I was told. An said, "Stand here, and learn of your fate."
Inanna spoke, "You currently serve four divine powers. We have come here, both in support of you, and as a warning, as to our seriousness. We are of different purposes, yet none of us opposes another here."
The unknown lady spoke, "We all know this age has few who believe, and so we seek to encourage faith. You have shown yourself to be quite potent, and have done much to bring faith back to the people." When I heard her voice, I finally recognized her as Aja, goddess of the forest and the animals within it.
Finally, a voice spoke from the empty throne. It was quite deep, and slow. "You have broken our divine laws. You must be punished."
An finished with, "We have discussed your transgression. It was done in ignorance, and for a good cause. Yet, it also was not allowed. Inanna and I have some dominion over the heavens, where the transgression occurred. We are also the gods you look to the most. Aja and Everest have a say, as you look to them as well. We do not feel a need to strip you of the powers we have given you, but we have decided you may not use my lightning for a year. This means you will not be able to teleport, or use lightning as an attack. Nor will you be able to infuse lightning's speed into your nerves in combat."
I saw him look at me, and knew he wanted me to reply. "My lord, your mercy is welcome. I shall not use lightning for a year."
An spoke again. "We have also decided that for that same year, you may not leave the ground in flight. Not even in one of your machines."
Again, he paused, so I spoke. "I understand and accept."
"The tribunal has spoken."
I sensed that this was the end of the meeting, so I bowed again. I paused before straightening back up. In that time, lightning hit again, and I was home, although a fair distance away. As I walked back, I saw someone waiting next to the shed over my secret lair. As I got closer, I realized it was Aja. When I came near, I stopped and bowed.
"Listen, priestess, the time has come for my talisman to move on."
"I shall miss you, as I feel you have so much more to teach me."
"You are right, but while my talisman leaves, I shall leave you with a lesser talisman. Meditate on it, seeking information, and it shall come to you." She handed me a polished golden drop of amber about an inch and a half long. Inside was a small spider on a twig. "I chose this one for you to set in jewelry with your skill."
"Do you have a place chosen yet to have your talisman appear?"
"No, why?"
"In my traveling, I met a spiritual guardian. He trains shamans to take his place when he dies. However, he is over three centuries old, and so has had to train a number over the years. I think he, or one of his heirs, might be a suitable student for your knowledge. He comes from a Native American tribe, and has a good connection to the land."
"I would meet this man before deciding to accept him."
"I can drive there in a few hours. You are welcome to ride with me, or you could meet me when I meet him."
"Let us go now." Suddenly, I saw the talisman in her hand.
"My car is over there." I then led her to my car, and opened the door for her. I then pulled out my phone and called Mato Hatathli. I told him something important had happened, and I needed to see him immediately. I was leaving by car now and would be there soon. I asked if I should head to the park or the cabin. He told me the park. I thanked him, and put my phone away.
We met a few hours later, and Aja essentially interviewed Mato. Eventually, she told me she would accept him. Suddenly, her talisman appeared in her hand. She told Mato to take the talisman. When he did, she disappeared. Mato looked at me, and I said she was a goddess, and would teach him. The rest would be up to him.
But that is another story...