This is my first ever story, it's been edited by me about 3 times, but other than that it has no outside influence, feedback, advice etc. That being said any feedback, good or bad, from you guys is appreciated. Happy Reading!
* * * * *
The overplayed top charts travel around the room, courtesy of Annette's stereo system, she dances around the room, pulling inconspicuous items from various places. Speaking a mile a minute.
"-ared, honestly Katie Kat you're gonna love it. House parties have nothing on a night out clubbing, not on 'Purgatory' anyway." Pausing, she gulps the remains of her drink before setting down an armful of beauty products and tools on the bed next to me.
"Can you repeat the first part? I - I was distracted." I grin bashfully, hoping she doesn't push the subject, push for the reason for why I was distracted. Part of it was due to the nerves of the impending night, but largely it was down to my recent, uncontrollable infatuation with Annette.
Rolling her eyes, she collected my empty glass, "you're always distracted by something these days." The tone was teasing as she fiddled with the spirits and bottles on the vanity, making a blindingly strong concoction. "I said don't be scared. Look I know you, you can handle your drinks and everyone else once you get enough in you. Just... go with the flow."
Smiling I accept my glass; consuming half of it in seemingly one mouthful, trying to settle the butterflies in my stomach. "One does not-" I look down my nose at her, in faux snobbery, adopting a lofty pitch. "Go with the flow, Annette. It's not at all becoming of a young lady to go along with-"
She pushes me back roughly in interruption, climbing on my knees. "I swear Kat, call me that one more time and you will regret it!"
"Oh really? How?" Instinctively my hands rest on her hips, holding her steady, they fall back to my side as she leans forward, simultaneously lifting herself off my lap and semi laying on me.
She places her arms on either side of my head, forcing me to look at her - not that I would look anywhere else if I could. Any excuse to look into those eyes was taken. And savoured.
"I will take my hand..." Her right arm moves, allowing her to softly brush my cheek before she lifts my chin. Looking into my eyes, something flickers in the green of hers before dissipating as quickly as it came. "I will take my hand, and I will spank you." My only capable response was to swallow harshly. I'm aware of our proximity, of our positioning, of the butterflies stirring below for a moment following the threat. For a moment, I have a fleeting thought of the night going in a different direction. It's broken when she wiggles her eyebrows humorously, climbing off me in the process.
I'd do anything to kiss you.
Giggling, I brush off her threat and raise an eyebrow; I daren't speak, for fear of verbalising my most recent thought. We've always been touchy-feely, me and Ann. Well, nearly always. Within a few months of becoming friends all those years ago - it was natural to hug one another in greeting. There was never an issue, till now that is. With every touch she gave me, I was reminded of what I couldn't have.
"Do you know why they called it Purgatory?" Ann spoke up then, signalling me to close my eyes. I obeyed and tilted my head back, allowing her fingers to work magic. "It's what their whole marketing angle is based around. You leave the club a saint or a sinner."
Her soft fingertips tiggle my jawline as she holds me in place to manipulate my angles better, it's her thumb I'm aware of the most, brushing the very corner of my lips tantalizingly so.
"I'm going to leave a sinner without a doubt, and hopefully you will too - if you want to of course. There's no rush to lose your virginity"
Smiling, I murmur my agreement and sit in silence allowing her to work steadily on my face. It didn't take long, make up wasn't my thing and she knew that. Whilst she did her own, I slipped into my outfit for the night: netted thigh highs, loose black skirt not at all acceptable when bending over and a cropped long sleeve top.
"Is this not too much?" I ask, twisting to look at Ann, due to the tops cut off I had to go braless if I stretched my arms up, a slither of under boob made an appearance.
"You look stunning, I'd totally hit that." Spluttering I look at her wide-eyed, blushing as she laughs.
* * * * *
Sliding into the train seat, Ann sits next to me. Careful not to flash her underwear underneath the tight, backless red dress she wore. Whilst we would get a taxi back, the train was our mode of transportation going there. As it leaves the station, I'm made aware of Ann reaching into her clutch and pulling out two small red pills.
"What are they?" I hiss, looking around for any observant passengers, thankfully the closest was on the other side about 7 seats down.
"Viagra. TRUST me when I say these change the whole night." Chasing one down with. the small bottle of vodka that we share she offers me the other, "You don't have to if you don't want to-'' before I even think I follow her previous actions.
Impressed she breaks out into a wide smile, murmuring "Good girl." Consequently sending tingles of pleasure down my spine, where they pool at my core.
Blushing I turn my head back forwards to look out of the window, well to look at our reflections due to the inky blur of trees in the darkness outside. My eyes are drawn to the hand that she rests on my thigh. It's tilted slightly, allowing her to softly caress the inner skin. We speak about inconspicuous things, the course content at university, her new colleague, at some point Ann drags her hand, tantalizingly slow along my leg, bunching up my skirt. I'm barely aware of the soft shiver travelling down my spine, of the joke she is murmuring - captivated instead by the things her fingers are making me feel. Only when her hand shifts, briefly gesturing to look upwards with a finger, do I move, making eye contact through the reflection.
She holds my gaze, not moving, not speaking. It's just us and the train. She switches out her hand in favour of the left - the brief absence of her touch leaves me cold - allowing her to wrap her right arm around my lower back, to pull me into her side. "I know about your little... crush, I know how you feel about me my Katie Kat. And tonight..." her hot breath tickles my ear - entranced, I don't look away from the window. From her. "Tonight you're going to understand what it's really like to experience my kind of club night."
Her hand darts underneath what's left of my skirt, just covering the triangular cloth barrier that she now strokes.``Tell me, Kat, do you want this?" A single finger moves under the barrier and strokes my damp lips just once, eliciting a sharp gasp from me. "Do you want your best friend?"
I nod my confirmation quickly, eagerly before swallowing harshly "Yes." I whisper the word shamefully. I am aware of the ever-increasing heat in my core, not wanting her to stop but sober enough to feel embarrassed.
"Are you willing to trust me?"
Am I?Trust is a fickle thing, easily broken, but it could also lead to the best things. She was also my best friend, one I'd trust her with my life.
Wordlessly, I nod.
"Good girl." She smirks knowingly, deftly licking the thin film of moisture off her finger, before resting her hand back on my thigh. Neither of us speaks for the rest of the journey, content to just listen to the music in our ear and swap the vodka back and forth. I'm filled with conflicting emotions in anticipation of the night to come. And although there's a promise of my fantasy coming true, I can't help but thinkWhat have I got myself into?
* * * * *
Drinks in hand, our shots completed, we navigate towards the dance floor. Passing first a group of boys and then a bridal party, Ann reaches for my hand, her thumb brushing the back softly. "Don't want to lose you just as the night gets good." She teases, grinning over her shoulder, whilst leading me deep into the fray of people.
Situated in the middle of the main floor, it was surrounded by booths and tables varying in size. Sloped flooring towards the back of the room made way to higher seating, with half-open booths, designed so that you could sit against the wall and look out, over the dance floor if you wish, or to other company if they sat on the backless seats. At a particular surge of rowdy club-goers, I stumble awkwardly into Ann, the smoothly surround us, pushing us against one another - even tighter in what was already cramped space.
The mass of bodies moves almost fluidly, creating a rhythm that rocks our bodies together, allowing for smooth movements. It's relaxing almost, me and her against the world - ready to take on the night. Periodically, drunk patrons or our own missteps cause us to bump against one another. And whether it was the drink, or the pills or the intoxicating women before me, each brush of skin on skin caused a cacophony of tingles to assault my core.
Reaching my arms up high, I let a wan smile grace my face. The loud music pulses, sending vibrations through the floor and creating an electric kind of energy. The kind that results in fulfilled promises. Momentarily I'm aware of the cool breeze on my chest and I consider lowering my arms, instead, I choose not to.What's a little underboob here and there?
Each soft, sensual touch results in a small smile on Ann's part. It's fleeting and half the time I'm left wondering if I imagined it. The only consolation that I wasn't going crazy was remembering our journey here. At some point, I clumsily fall against her - my arms naturally falling, over her neck. She grips my waist. She doesn't move, leaving the option up to me, and looking into her shining eyes, I remember her words from before 'Go with the flow.' Allow my own to close, and continue dancing with her - now one in a room full of many.
Suddenly, there's a new added pressure on my waist a harder rougher body pressed against my back, the mysterious leans forward, instinctively pulling my hips into himself. "Can I get you ladies, another drink?" The words are gravelly as if he'd recently smoked a packet of cigarettes in one go, they fall from lips that brush gently against my ear lobe.
Disentangling myself from Ann's arms, I try to navigate myself so that I can turn around but instead shockwaves of pleasure explode in my already damp core as the stranger tightens his grips, and lightly thrusts his groin against my ass under the pretence of pulling me closer. The unexpected contact causes me to drop my - thankfully plastic and empty - glass. Involuntarily I let out a shocked squeak and bend over to retrieve it, not realising that my ass was now not only on show but pressed tightly against the faceless stranger. His cock pressed in between my cheeks.
Blushing, I retrieve the object and move to the side, whilst Ann responds with a laugh "If your buying sure. Make 'em good though " The words fall from her lips with a hint of seduction I hadn't heard before.
The stranger whilst not exactly an Abercrombie model was rather spectacular to look at. Tall, and with all the confidence of a suave playboy he screamed player, but there was a softness reflected in his eyes. He gave a cheeky smile my way and swaggered off trying to make his way through the crowds, whilst my dance partner for the night draped her arm across my shoulder, her fingers resting on my nipple.
"Did you see what he did?" I exclaim in astonishment, I look up into her deep green eyes, searching for a sign of what I should do next.
"I did." Nodding in confirmation, a single-digit caresses it softly. Emitting a small gasp from myself.Fuck me, Annette.The intrusive thought causes my cheeks to heat up with embarrassment.
"What, what an animal." I stammer, not really believing my words.
"Honey... Honey, you let yourself be. I doubt your little glass dropping there was an accident - not that you would acknowledge it even if it was intentional," she adds quickly, spotting my near objection. "Whatever happens, happens." Her other hand cups my face, "live tonight like no one is judging. Nothing will go wrong. You said you would trust me. So trust me."
Falling once again into those captivating eyes, something inside me snaps. All resolve, restraint, dissipates; with newly found courage I pull her with me, following the path of the stranger. The first step of many that night.
"Let's go find Mr Hunk, and make sure the drinks are good huh?"
--
Tired of dancing, the three of us escape to an empty booth, one of the upper ones, with half of the seating backless, open to the rest of the club.
"So Katie -" Dan hands over a shot glass of some foul liquid, "Ann here mentioned this is your first club experience. You've done copious amounts of alcohol, danced and made a friend. There's just one more thing on the checklist, to make it a memorable experience. Spontaneity." I grin at Dan, listening intently.
Ann takes her shot glass, nodding almost comically in agreement "His right Chloe, what will it be?"
Before logic can even enter my thoughts, my shot glass returns empty to the table. "Is this spontaneous enough?" I challenge, and lean over towards the stranger - Dan quirks an eyebrow, but before his lips can form a question, I'm tugging on his shirt and covering them with my own. It's chaste and soft, I can taste the beer on his lips. He's tense, unresponsive - yet as I begin to pull away he pulls me back. My fingers curl tightly into his shirt and the edge of the table digs painfully into my hips, I'm aware of the sharp pain, but the warmth his mouth provides dulls it.Pulling away again would be fruitless, I can't help but think as one of his hands bury into my hair and the other rests against my bare ass.
My fucking ass!I groan at the realisation that my ass was on show to the whole club, again. My knees buckle slightly, but I remain upright purely by Dan's tight grip on my hair. Unfortunately, he mistakes it for a different type of groan and pulls me closer, the table is really painful now. But all thoughts, all pain disappears as his tongue makes entrance between my lips, it's foreign and wet and oh so fucking hot,
Breathless we eventually pull away, and we half-laugh. Coughing slightly I collapse onto my seat and look bashfully at my feet.
"WOW! That was some... that was some serious spontaneity" Ann laughs, and grabs me in a hug. "You naughty minx, who would've thought little miss Katie Kat would snog a complete stranger." I smile into her shoulder And hug her back. "I'm proud of you."
"Yeah Katie baby, that was some damn good kiss!" Dan cheers, his eyes alight with what I assume is lust.
Yea, it really was.
"Thanks. I'm shocked at myself, to be honest. It was... it was pretty spectacular." I bite my lip awkwardly, not wanting to admit it was my only kiss. Well, proper kiss. As much as I was dirty-minded, and had engaged in... cyber activity, the most I had done physically was a chaste kiss on the lips with my schoolboy crush a few years back.
Aware of the dampness between my legs, I shuffle uncomfortably, trying to find a position that didn't feel like I had pissed myself. "Annettes to thank for that really, I wouldn't have had the courage if not for her."
His face disappears, replaced by the table, Annes hand grips the back of my neck tightly.
"What did I say about calling me that?" The harsh words come out in something akin to a growl, it's a deep, sultry tone - I'd never heard her use. And it had me shivering with excitement.
"Uhh ... uh, you'll punish me?" I struggle to get the words out, partly through the confusion and partly due to the wooden table angled against my lips. "C'mon Ann it was a compliment and-" She pulls my hair roughly, jerking my head backwards. She expertly grips my neck, putting pressure on the right places, squeezing with each sentence that she murmurs in that unfamiliar but oh so arousing tone...
'Exactly. And when I say I'll do something, I mean it."
Her soft lips blow a gentle breeze on my ear lobe. Before she deftly nibbles it. I can't help but moan involuntarily, as tingles travel through my body. I'm suddenly aware that I'm positively dripping, and can't help but wonder if she'll notice. Her hand holds my waist as she forces her knee between my legs, separating them slightly.
This is hot.
Raising her hand from my hip she lifts up my skirt, and for the third time in one night, I'm on show for the club to see. I can't see her face, but I can imagine her red lips split into a grin from the teasing, jovial tone. "My my baby girl, you're positively dripping." Her slim fingers dart between my legs, pressing up against the soaking cloth of my thong. She tuts and hooks her thumb into the band. Pulling them down my legs, "Let's get you out of these, your ass is so much nicer without a piece of cloth across the top.
I'm briefly aware of her throwing them to the side somewhere, and of a low murmur directed at Dan before every sense of mine is preoccupied with the aftermath of the stinging SMACK she'd given my right cheek.
I gasp and grip the table, my eyes making eye contact with Dan as he moves positions to see me,better. His eyes flit from my face to my arse, and to what I suspect is Ann's face. I'm forced to look at him, Anne's soft hand on my neck, still pinning me in place.
SMACK! SMACK! I groan and bite my lip trying to keep quiet.
SMACK! I gasp again and close my eyes, Wincing at the pain.
Ann pauses her assault and slips her hand back to my soaking core. A slim finger caresses my lips, the pad ribbing gently over my clit. I buckle, letting out soft moans of pleasure, praying for release. She bends back over me, her lips meeting my ear again. "Next time it will be more than just five." The grip on my neck tightens at the same time as she withdraws her hand, and leaves a last painful SMACK. It's harder than the previous, and the momentum pushes me into the table so hard, the bolts rattle.
The absence of my touch causes me to frown, and as she guides me back up she interprets it her own way.
"Kat?" The murmurs soft, there's a tenderness to her voice that causes an ache in my heart just as painful as the one in my groin minutes earlier. I look at her inquisitively as she rests her fingers on my jaw. "Are you okay? I'm sorry if I took it too far, I shouldn't have -" She breathes in deeply, eyes searching my face for something unknown.
I will be when you ravish me.
"I like you Ann, a lot and tonight, well tonight has been amazing. in all honesty, I don't want it to end. I'm just scared of the implications our actions have, that when we wake up in the morning we will regret everything." At that moment, I feel nothing but sober, my heartbeat dangerously fast in my chest; everyone else, Dan included, disappears into the background.
"I won't." The reply is instantaneous, full of a thousand unsaid thoughts. "I won't"
Then we're kissing, She's sitting on the seat and pulling me with her. My hands are around her neck, in her hair, Hers are gripping my waist, my ass. Red lips on nude brown, both of us don't want to give up dominance. Like Dan she wins, and slips her tongue into my mouth, exploring every surface. It's different to Dan though, softer, hotter. Everything I could have ever imagined.
I'm somewhat aware of Dan moving closer, sitting beside us, but the sensual siren in front of me pulls my attention back as she pulls me tight against her body. Naturally, we need to breathe and both of us pull away gasping in the intensity of the moment. She leans forward, resting her head against mine, and whispers with a soft smile "You won't regret this." It causes butterflies in my stomach.
"That certainly was a show indeed ladies" Dan speaks, for the first time in what feels like ages. The liquor had gone to my head, altering all perception of time, and my senses. The deep gravelly voice sends shockwaves to my core, my sensitive dripping core. It's painful almost, all night I had been teased and all I could think about was sweet release. Aware of the dampness, I subtly try to remove myself from Ann's lap, but stop as her grip tightens possessively.
"Pleasure performing for you." Ann coos, before looking at me once more. "Shot?"
"Dan's round."
"Oh right. Well, Ann want to come help?"
She agrees reluctantly and follows, not before giving me a chaste kiss.
Before long they return and sit on either side of me. We're squished together on the backed seating, but neither of us seems to mind. Our bodies had been closer after all. Reaching for my own, I consume it quickly ignoring the extra steps. Closing my eyes I savour the burn. When they reopened neither of the two had touched theirs. Before I could question why Ann pushes me backwards gently so that I'm leaning against Dan
"Trust us." Then, when I nod in response "Good girl."
When you say good girl, I just want to be bad.
She places soft, butterfly kisses on my jaw, trailing slowly down my neck, I'm forced to look to the side, at the dancefloor. Ann's tongue darts out. Leaving a wet warmth, causing a now-familiar explosion of heat between my legs, legs that are being lifted to either side of where she kneels on the seat. Dan's arm slithers around my waist. His other hand comes up to my face holding it still as Ann replaces her tongue with a generous sprinkle of salt. My question is left unsaid as a wedge of lime is pushed between my lips, I smile around the bitter fruit and hold it gently between my teeth.
"You first." The murmur is soft, unlike the tongue that now licks my neck, erasing all remaining salt. Dan's grip still holds my head tilted to the side, and for a moment all I see is the club ceiling before he reappears grinning. Removing his touch on my jaw, I strain to hold my neck up at the awkward angle, watching as he consumes his own shot. As it returned, his mouth came too. Biting the lime, the juice seeps between our lips allowing me to taste him. And lime. And tequila and -
Anne's fingers have travelled once again, between my open legs, softly tracing patterns on my inner thighs. Occasionally, they dart forth teasingly, brushing against my slick lips. As Dan pulls away, wedge in his mouth, ready to discard it, I raise an eyebrow at her questioningly.
"A-Anne?"
Her fingers silence me, as they move faster, slipping effortlessly into my wet depths, in and out. Each thrust sent an eruption of tingles, a bundle of energy, into my core - joining a wave of pleasure - nearing my peak. "I- I- Ann please, I-". Dan's lips recapture my own, there's no barrier this time, no softness - just pure passion and hunger, his hand drops from my face and slips to my top pushing it up roughly, revealing my bare breasts to anyone in the club who cared to look our way. He paws at them aggressively, before focusing on my nipples, twisting them, pulling them - encouraged by my whorish moans against his mouth.
Just fuck me, please just fuck me.
The combination is intoxicating, the raw animalistic lust inside me is something I've never experienced before, yet my hips instinctively move with Ann's touch trying to get her fingers to go deeper. I tried to help, spreading my legs as far as I could in the limited space. The orgasm that had building all night was moments away from pushing me over the edge, I was desperate.
"Not yet." At the sound of her voice, I whimper, how am I going to hold it, I've been teased all night. Dan pulls away, leaving me draped against him. His hand still teased my nipples, and Anne's fingers continued inside.
Taking the moment to speak, I plead for my best friend to give me release. To make me cum all over her fingers. "Ann! Please? Please!" It's a pathetic whine full of frustration, humiliation. Here I was, skirt rolled up to my hips, shirt pushed up to my neck, exposed in the middle of a nightclub. And I loved it.
"Just trust me okay?"
Face flushed I whine involuntarily but stay quiet nonetheless. I watch as she sprinkles salt onto one of my breasts, the tequila on the other. Placing her own lime wedge in Dan's mouth. She leans forwards, eyes gleaming and slowly, oh ever so slowly licks away the salt. At the same time, in some unspoken agreement, both Dan and her increase the speed of their fingers. Dan removes the hand supporting me, gently dropping my head to his lap before it joins Ann's rubbing soft, slow circles on my clit. The assault is too much, and I feel myself clench in response. My taught ass cheeks push my hips up, into their hands, increasing the friction they create.
Her mouth blows on the nipples he still tweaks, before lapping at the trail of tequila, that had since pooled in the crevice between. She doesn't stop, and I feel her tongue trace patterns across my collarbone, up to my neck, my jaw before briefly slipping between my lips.
Its arrival is fleeting as she pulls away and finds her piece of lime in the lips that were kissing me seconds ago. Their lips assault one another, and as it visibly depended the urgent tempo of their fingers increased.
"Oh fuck, faster please! Oh faster" I moan softly, my own hands. making their way to her hips. I'm reminded of a similar position we were in that morning, watching them kiss, feeling the combination of calloused fingers on my swollen clit, dainty softness thrusting inside me has an allure I can't resist. No matter how hard I try. The pleasure is building, seconds away from an explosive release.
"Please, I- Please" I arch into their touch, my breathy words, sounding akin to panting. Never have I been so aroused at this moment, it was almost painful, The waves of pleasure, are now mini shockwaves travelling from deep within my stomach to my clit. 'Please... fas- faster. Just- I." I'm gasping, begging for release, they oblige. The wet sounds covered by the music that pumped around the room, and after a night of building, I'm pushed over the peak
'Oh god, ohhh goddd ohhh- ompfhhh" My pleasure filled moans are muffled by the heavy hand of Dan, though I barely notice it, let alone the bruising weight, as wave after wave of pure bliss, crash over me. Assaulting every one of my senses. I'm just about aware of my arched back, and shaking legs and the ability to care about what any possible bystanders were thinking was lacking. The realisation that we were in the club, turned me on further, encouraging a second if less powerful orgasm straight after the first. Leaving me crying out against the hand of what 2 hours ago had been a complete stranger.
Opening my eyes, both Dan and Ann look down at me, "Did, Did I pass out?"
"Only for a few seconds or so, that was quite a powerful climax you had there." The tones light, teasing but with a hint of lust and I can't help but smile. Sliding my legs off Ann, I sit up and laugh awkwardly.
"How's that for spontaneity?
"Don't think the seating could handle any more bodily fluids mind" Dan interrupts laughing slightly, indicating the damp patch I had left behind on the leather seats.
I just had a damn orgasm in the middle of a club.Blushing, I look down, "did anyone see?"
"Nope, pretty sure we would have been kicked out by now if they had."
Not wanting to address the small feeling of disappointment that ignites within, I focus on the relief I had been given after a night of waiting.
"Now I think we should go somewhere a little more... spacious" Ann ponders. "The nights still young after all AND my apartments free."
"Lead the way." He smirks gesturing to the exit. Dutifully I follow, stumbling on shaky legs. It's only when I get to the door, do I think to look back, at the table. Surprisingly I wasn't as embarrassed as I should have been, to see a waitress stood there, staring at me, my wet underwear bunched in her hand.