You came back to Chicago for the weekend. An old girlfriend of yours is having a wedding shower and you decided you couldn't miss it, so you made the drive into the city early on Saturday morning. You knew you had other motives for coming all the way back here though. You knew you'd probably get a chance to see me. As you drove, you could feel your pussy getting wet just thinking about it. You wanted to get fucked by me for so long now, that just the thought of my hard cock any where near your hot pussy almost made you cum.
As you drove, you set the cruise control and managed to pull your panties off from underneath your skirt. They were soaking wet. As you gave them a little sniff, you glanced over just in time to see the car next to you slow down. The driver, a young guy who looked to have probably just gotten his drivers license, was looking at you with his mouth open. You give him a wink and smile as you sniff your panties deeply. Then, just for fun, you lift your shirt up and pull up your bra to give the kid a sight that his friends will never believe. Just the feel of the air rushing in your open windows as it blows across your briefly exposed nipple was enough to send a torrent of moisture right out the opening of your pussy, which now was tingling like crazy. You speed up to get away from the kid and finger yourself to a quick orgasm, before focusing on the road the rest of the way there.
You arrive at your friend's house a late for the shower. But once you get there, you realize that your friends had pushed back the start of it because they knew you'd need the extra couple hours. This worked out great, except for the fact that you had told me to meet you at your friend's house at three, but you'd be there until at least five. Your intention to call me was forgotten about as you and your friends start reminiscing and sipping on some delicious wine. Wine soon gives way to mandarin vodka cocktails and in no time, the shower gifts are thrown aside and the girls are talking about sex.
The bride-to-be talks about the amazing the sex life she has with her fiance. Everyone pushes for details. She expounds a little bit but leaves everyone wanting. Her maid-of-honor begins to talk about her boyfriend, but she too won't go into much detail. Not being one to shy away from a fun conversation about sex, you mention me. As you begin to talk about how I have the perfect cock, the doorbell rings. You look at your watch and realize it's three o'clock. Oh, fuck, you forgot to call me. You tell everyone that you're expecting me as smiles cross the faces of everyone in the room.
One of the girls answers the door and leads me into the living room. I'm a little perplexed by the smiles I'm receiving from everyone, but I nervously say hello.
"Hey there," you say. "I'm so sorry, I forgot to call you, but everything got pushed back a little bit. So we won't actually be done here for a little while yet."
"Well that's okay," I respond. "I'll just chill at the bar I saw on the corner."
"Or," says one of the girls, "you could stay and have a drink with us."
The rest of the girls speak up in agreement as you blush slightly.
"Besides, we were just talking about you," says another girl.
"Shhhh," you say, one of the rare times you're actually embarrassed.
"Aw, 'Stina," says yet another girl, "you don't think we're gonna let you tell us how perfect his cock is and not get some proof when he's standing right here, do you?"
"I'm sorry," I interject, "but what did you say?"
"I said that I think every girl in here would like to see your cock," she said.
You put your head in your hands, then, feeling my stare, you look up. You give me a shrug and gesture toward the crowd, as if you don't know what to do.
"Shouldn't I get a say in whether or not I show you anything?" I ask.
"You should," says a voice, "but you don't. Take off your pants."
"What?"
"She said, take off your pants," shouts another voice.
"But I'm not sure I – " I begin to say.
"We're not sure we give a damn," said a girl. "We're a group of horny women who've been drinking, now you're gonna end up naked whether we take your clothes off or you do."
Unsure of what to do, I stand still. My head is swimming. I glance around the room at all the blushing, eager-eyed, smiling faces of the women all around us. I look at you as you look at me through your fingers, which are over your eyes, hiding your laughter as well.
Not thinking, I kick off my shoes and pull my socks off. This sends the room up in a frenzy as the girls all hoot and holler. I give them what they want by pulling my jeans down. My boxers do nothing to hide the massive erection I have from all the attention, and my cock points straight out, stretching my boxers to the limit. I pull off my shirt, a little self-conscious about my upper body, but I lose that quickly as my cock throbs with excitement from looking at all these faces gazing and gawking at me while I stripped.
As I stand there, completely naked except for the boxers, one of the girls sneaks up behind me with a huge knife used to cut the cake, and expertly slices my boxers in a motion so quick and fluid, that in an instant I'm standing there, completely naked, with my throbbing dick bobbing up and down in front of me.
My senses are exploding all around me as my head spins from excitement. I've never felt so aroused before. I feel as though I might shoot a load of cum just standing right there. I feel like I'm being masturbated by a dozen pairs of eyes, all stroking me with their gaze. My body trembles with delight as I just stand there, unsure of what to do next.
Before I can do anything on my own, one of the girls comes to me and rubs my ass. She looks over at you, looking for approval.
"Mind if I play with him a bit?" she asks you.
"I don't mind," you say proudly. "He's here for everyone's playtime now."
With that, all the girls scream and jump to their feet. Before I know it, I'm surrounded by 12, fully clothed girls who are all touching me. My face, my chest, my ass, my stomach, my legs. They're touching me everywhere. Except for my cock. It throbs. It longs to be touched. Just one graze would set it off.
"Girls, girls," you yell over the din of their excitement. "Girls, who wants to see him fuck?"
A split second of silence is followed by 12 hands shooting up into the air.
"Mikey, if you would please," you say, "why don't you start by sitting up on that stool there. I think we'd all like to watch you rub that cock of yours."
"If I touch it, I'm gonna cum," I explain.
"Well then, we better move this stool up close to the girls then," you say.
With that, you take a cushioned bar stool and set it in front of a couch. The girls race for a spot , squeezing 12 bodies onto the couch in all sorts of positions. Then you take me by the hand and have me sit on the stool with my legs spread wide open and my feet up on the foot rest. You run your hand along the underside of my balls as you step away.
"Stroke it, baby," you say to me. "Masturbate for us. We all want to see you cum."
There's a soft moan from the couch of girls as they agree with you. My hands are shaking as I look at the women before me, all of them still wearing their party dresses or whatnot. I take my cock in my hand and begin to stroke it. I can feel the cum already building deep in my balls, and I have to try hard just to keep from cumming right away. The girls begin to moan, and squeal, and giggle, and gasp as I stroke my super hard cock. Then little voices start to pop up from the sofa.
"Oh yeah, rub it."
"God it's so hard."
"Stroke it. That's it, stroke it so hard."
"Fuck yeah, look at him masturbate, god I'm so hot."
As I look at the faces of the girls sitting on the sofa, I see all of their intertwined limbs mixed together. Hands are rubbing breasts all over the place. It's impossible to tell if the hand down the pants of each girl is her own or her neighbor's. The smell of pussy in the room becomes undeniable as I begin to really stroke myself harder and harder.
I suddenly realize that you're not sitting on the couch with the others. When I look around, I find that you're standing behind me, and you're completely naked too.
"I'm gonna fuck you for them," you say. "But first, you're gonna cum all over them. Turn around and jerk your cock until you spray your hot cum all over their horny little faces."
I do as I'm told. I turn to face the sofa, the girls seem to have all leaned forward as a group.
"Cum on us," one of them cries.
"Please, we want to taste your hot load," says another.
"Fucking cum all over us, fucking do it!" another practically shouts.
I'm moaning and pumping my cock with reckless abandon at this point. I put my feet on the ground, just leaning back on the stool enough to keep my balance when I start to grunt.
"Here it comes," I yell. And then with a roar I start to shoot jet after jet of cum out over the faces of those watching me. All I can see are open mouths as streams of white cum shoot from my cock, drenching the girls in front of me. My grunts and moans mix with their screams of delight as, almost all at once, they leap from the sofa and practically engulf me and my cock. In an instant, I'm covered with my own cum too as twelve faces rub themselves all over my body. My cock is deep in down someone's throat while my balls are sucked into someone's mouth. My ass is being licked while both my nipples are too. Someone puts her lips to mine and shoves her cum covered tongue deep into my mouth.
For what seems like hours this goes on until one by one, they leave me. The final girl being the one who has her tongue so far up my ass it's tickling my belly-button. Then I look to my left and see you, lying on the coffee table, spread eagle. Two girls are holding your legs open, while two other girls hold your head up, which is looking at me.
"Now get over here and fuck me," you say. "Fuck me hard, and fuck me good, and cum deep, deep inside my pussy so these bitches have something to lick up when you're all done."
Not needing a second to think about it, I practically leap from where I'm standing and land with my dick plunging into you. You're pussy is completely soaking wet and my cock slides in beautifully. One of the girls pushes my ass into your hips, thrusting my cock all the way inside of you.
"Fuck yeah," you say. "FUCK YEAH. Now fuck me you son-of-a-bitch. FUCK ME!'
I pull out of you, only to have one of the girls ram my ass back into you. And again. And again. Every time I pull out, they push me back in. They shove me harder than I would myself. Soon, the girls almost seem to be doing all the work for me. Practically fucking your tight, wet pussy with my cock for me. It's unbelieveable. I feel like I'm floating.
You and I are the only ones who are naked, and hands are roaming all over the both of us. The smell of sex is so strong in the air, it stings our nostrils. The pleasure is so great in our bodies that tears fill our eyes. The noise is deafening, the screams of the girls around us grow louder and louder.
"Fuck her little pussy!"
"Oh god, I'm so wet too. I'm cumming in my pants."
"Shit I want that cock in my cunt."
Their yells of pleasure aren't enough to drown out our own though, as you continue to scream "FUCK ME, BABY! FUCK ME WITH THAT COCK! MAKE ME CUM! I'M GONNA CUM ALL OVER YOUR COCK AND YOUR BALLS. AAAAAAAAHHHHHH!"
With that, you scream, you shriek, you explode in an orgasm that sends fluids rushing out of your pussy. My cock and balls are drenched with your cum as you struggle to catch your breath.
Sent over the edge by your waterfall explosion, I scream too. I let out a primal roar from the depths of my belly that hasn't been heard since man invented fire. I start to cum. I explode load after huge load deep inside your pussy. Our screams subside to moans, which gives way to pants, which finally turn into heavy breathing as I collapse on top of you. Our naked bodies slippery with sweat. The feel of your heaving breasts pushing up into my chest while my cock rests softly in your flooded pussy is ecstacy.
Finally, one of the girls breaks the deafening silence in the room.
"Well, let's not all just sit here and gawk, get her off of him, we've got a pussy to clean out."
With that, I'm lifted from your body, as two girls collapse on your pussy, both of them catching the mixture of your pussy juice and my cum as it rushes out of you. They drink it down and all the girls collapse on you at the same time. Licking your body from head to foot, the whole time, stripping themselves free of clothing. Before long there's a pile of clothes in the center of the room and everyone is naked.
Needless to say, the shower went a little later than five o'clock.