Our sex life was excellent, and after ten years of marriage, I was quite proud of that fact.
We would spice things up in the bedroom with lingerie, role-play and the occasional sex toy.
I was still in good shape and maintained my body with gym workouts four times a week. My wife was blessed with a magnificent body and worked very hard to maintain it. Standing five feet four inches tall, which would increase to five nine when she wore her fuck me shoes, she had the figure you could only describe as head turning. She was the very proud possessor of a forty inch bust which filled a double D cup. Her breasts were spectacular and defied gravity. Whether she wanted it or not those breasts brought a multitude of male attention, to high is probably how things turned out as they did. The rest of her body was equally spectacular. Her waist was narrow and trim measuring a breathtaking twenty-three inches with her hips pushing the tape at thirty-six inches, she was a living breathing Jessica Rabbit, except for her blonde bobbed hair.
As I stated her body made her the attention of every living male in her vicinity, and with her having a very flirtatious personality, the attention would sometimes get rather heavy. I never had to intervene as she had a way of disarming the most amorous of advances, but there were times I wished she would do the disarming a bit quicker. She would often tease guys with her outrageous figure draped in the sexiest tightest articles, all worn with the intention of attracting attention.
Not all of her flirtatious activities have happened in my presence.
She has often regaled tales of her girls nights out where some guy or guys have been very forward with their suggestions, hitting on her, trying to feel her up and trying to persuade her to go on a date with them. This became so regular that it now seems the norm. She would however be extra randy on those occasions and would be more receptive in bed. Sometimes she would role-play that I was one of the guys who had tried to seduce her, and she succumbed to his wicked ways. I particularly enjoyed these encounters as it felt as though I was fucking some bombs slut and not my loving wife. We both got a lot from these fantasy role-plays and she would act more of a slut during these encounters than normal.
I'd noticed that her clothing choice of dress had become more and more provocative as each week passed. Garter belts and stockings are the norm with my wife, but recently she has begun to wear PVC or Latex garter belts and wearing them beneath very tight leather mini skirts.
One week she went out wearing a brand new pair of thigh length boots which I have not seen since, with a black PVC Corset and fishnet stockings. She came home especially frisky that night.
Corsets and basques have become part of her dress code and not just as items of lingerie.
Her breasts are huge and firm, but she favours wearing bra's at least one size too small. These barely cover her nipples and some of her outerwear is so tight and shiny that keeping her nipples covered would be a fruitless task.
She has mentioned some of the bars and disco bars, she and her friends frequent on their girls nights out, telling me how they are full of confident men, who think it is their god given right to hit on her and I was well aware that these were notorious pick up joints. But she did come home every week horny as hell from these places so no harm done. As far as I was aware, my wife was a notorious flirt, but faithful, as fas as I knew.
As I said these encounters thrilled me immensely, but there was a small element of doubt as to how far my faithful wife had flirted with these guys. I know she does like to dance and the way she has been dressing lately, her dance partners may be getting the wrong signals and have been actively trying to touch or stroke her outrageously sexy body.
Last week she returned home with her thong panties stuffed in her purse! She said they were so tight rubbing against her shaved pussy, chaffing her and making her really horny. She walked in the lounge, raised up her skirt, giving me a good look at her excited shaved pussy and straddled me in our lounge. She spent the next ten minutes draining my cock of every drop of spunk!
She would often return home incredibly horny, with her pussy at its hottest and wettest when she had her girls nights out. She said the intimate close dancing, combined with the guys trying it on with her, always made her hot. She always came home hot thats for sure!
Rightly or wrongly, I had decided that on my wife's next girls night out, I would follow her discretely and see what occurred on these excursions to make her so hot and bothered.
Friday night came around and my wife was upstairs in our bedroom getting ready for her girls night out. I usually left her to her own devices, but tonight I decided to see what outfit she would be parading around in. I walked up the stairs quietly, hearing her speaking on the phone to someone. Her voice was jovial but sultry. She was giggling sexily at whatever the other person was saying and from the gist of her conversation, I assumed the other person was male!
"I'll be wearing everything as agreed!" she giggled "Oh fuck yeah! You know I like that!"
I assumed that she heard my footsteps as she hung up the phone rather abruptly.
I walked into the bedroom to find my wife fastening a second fishnet stocking to her high waisted garter belt, her iPhone casually strewn on the bed.
Her pussy was freshly shaved and glistening in the light, obviously from some sort of oil or lotion she had rubbed in. Her huge firm breasts were encased in a sexy shiny black bra which appeared to be at least a size too small. This made her look sexier and very bimbo like. Her huge breasts were spilling over the bra, showing most of her nipples as she slipped her petite feet into a pair of black high heeled pumps. I stared at my lingerie clad wife, the stuff male fantasies are made of!
She looked at her lingerie clad, goddess of a body in the mirrored wardrobes, smiled approvingly then stepped into her very tight leather mini skirt and asked me to pull the zip up.
She bent forward slightly, deliberately teasing me, as my knuckle grazed her flesh, pulling the zip into the locked position.
I noticed she hadn't put on a thong or panties!
Next she picked a leather look waistcoat off the bed and slipped her arms through it. She fastened five of the six buttons, which thrust her huge breasts upward, the nipples almost visible. The last button was impossible to fasten due to her large bust spilling out almost, this only made her look more sexy, more bimbo, more slut!
You could see the pink aureole of her nipples peaking over the cup of her bra. She made no attempt to adjust her breasts or cover her nipples.
She went over to the dressing table and sat finishing off her make up and her hair. She looked incredibly sexy, very much the slut, but incredibly sexy with it.
I looked her up and down quite salaciously and spoke quietly.
"You look absolutely stunning!"
She smiled at me via the mirror and continued with her make up. She crossed her long legs and the swish of nylon was audible. The very sexy erotic sound, enhanced by the notion that she was dressed so provocatively in very erotic lingerie, but had somehow omitted the need for panties.
Her nipples on display, the sexy underwear and her preparing to go out pantieless, made me think more than drinking and dancing was the objective tonight.
She placed a few items into her hand bag, lipstick, mascara, a few other items of make up, her purse and a small hairbrush. She picked up her phone and stood before me with one hand on her incredibly narrow waist.
"So how do I look?" She smiled, spraying expensive perfume on her neck.
"Sex on legs!" Was my response.
Her eyebrows raised approvingly and she smiled.
"Sex on legs! Sounds very interesting!" she giggled looking at her incredible reflection in the mirror.
"Aren't you wearing a jacket? I quizzed, cowardly refraining from asking about the no panties.
"This outfit cost a lot of money. It costs to look trashy!" she smiled "I want the lounge lizards to see what they can't have!" she teased.
I looked at her magnificent body wrapped in the provocative clothing and smiled.
"Can you give me a lift in to town?" She enquired, tilting her head on the side.
"Of course I can!" I smiled "But I can't give any guarantees about keeping my hands off those sexy stockinged legs!"
She smiled and shook her head, as we made our way downstairs and out of the house.
She teetered on her high heels round to the passenger side of our car.
Our next door neighbour was walking up his path, staring at my scantily clad wife.
She tilted her head downward slightly, smiling sexily at our neighbour as he flushed with arousal and stumbled in to his house.
Unlocking the car door, she eased sexily in to the passenger seat, sliding her long sexy legs in to the vehicle. Her perfume was almost as intoxicating as her very sexy leather clad look. She wasn't wearing a jacket or panties, so there was little to remove if she was thinking of being naughty.
With her huge firm breasts on full display, spilling out of the waistcoat, with her nipples almost displayed, I would expect the guys to think that she was available for some extra marital naughty fun. I should have been seething with jealousy, but for whatever strange reason, I found myself exceptionally aroused.
The drive into town was fairly quick and I headed to the disco bar she said she was meeting the girls at. I pulled up to the kerb, right outside the entrance to the pick up joint. My sexy wife leant forward and gave me a peck on the cheek. Her huge breasts shimmied as she turned to get out of the car. Graceful and with feline movements she began climbing out of the car.
Once out of the car and standing on her high heeled shoes on the pavement, she leant back into the car, her tits almost spilling out of her tight waistcoat, she looked at me and giggled.
"Don't wait up!" She teased then vanished inside the disco bar.
I shook my head in disbelief and drove round the corner to a multi storey car park. Parking the car on the second level, I began to put my plan in to action. I opened the car boot and changed my shirt, to a rather gaudy denim shirt I had recently purchased. I then added a pair of clear glasses, with black rims, which totally changed my appearance. I then took a leather jacket I'd also just purchased, sliding my arms into the leather jacket, I decided to leave it unzipped and just hang loosely on my body.
I locked the car and headed into the disco bar to discretely spy on my wife. The place was full to the rafters and the music was ridiculously loud. All of the guys had look of sexual predator and almost every female looked like an available slut. I noticed that almost everyone, male and female, were wearing wedding rings.
I scoped the building searching for my wife and eventually located her in a booth over the far side of the dance floor. I ordered a soft drink and headed in the direction of my wife. She wasn't sitting with the girls but was cosying up to two guys in the booth. My wife was sitting between the two guys as they lavishly poured attention on her, which she was lapping up like a hungry kitten.
The booth they were sitting at was the end booth, with tables and chairs behind them. I pulled up a chair, making sure I wasn't visible to them, but close enough to be in earshot.
I leant with my back to the outside wall of their booth and made myself comfortable to listen to what was being said.
There was quite a bit of flirtatious giggling taking place.
"You're more frisky than normal!" My wife giggled "And remember you were the ones who asked me to dress like this!"
"I can't believe it was this easy to get you to dress like a slut!" The one on her left laughed.
"It's easy to dress like a slut when you act like a slut!" My wife giggled.
"I suppose when two guys are fucking you at the same time, there is no other way of saying it, you're a slut!" The guy on right interjected.
My wife giggled and purred.
"Just wait till you see what this slut is wearing tonight!"
"Mmm you do look quite the slut, and it will be awesome fucking you dressed in that outfit!" The left guy giggled "Did your husband say anything when he saw you dressed like that?"
My wife took a large gulp of drink and giggled.
"He actually helped me get dressed!" she answered surprised "He was even zipping up my skirt and stuff. I panicked a little bit, hoping he didn't notice that I wasn't wearing panties! But I think my tits spilling out of my bra distracted him somewhat!"
"Poor guy. And I'm pleased to feel you've shaved your pussy smooth. You're turning out to be a very obedient slut!" The guy on the right said firmly as I heard my wife pant rather loudly.
"Yeah that's it. Finger my shaved cunt!" She said panting as her body shook slightly.
My cock was as hard as nails listening to my wife act the perfect slut. My stomach was flipping with anxiety and excitement hearing the squelching sounds coming from my wife's hot pussy.
"We've got the camper van round the corner if you want to come around again, where we will both fuck you!" The guy on the right snarled.
"We've also got a bottle of tequila where we can do shots out of your pussy again!" The guy on the right grinned.
"I've also got a couple of lines of coke for you. You can sniff them off our cocks again as that was fucking awesome!"
My wife smiled dreamily and said in a very sexy tone.
"Come on. Take this slut to your van, lets get ourselves coked up and you can do whatever you want to me!"
All three stood from the booth and headed out toward the exit. I followed keeping a safe distance between us as they left the disco bar. I popped my head out of the door and saw them turn right. I followed in the same direction and watched them turn right again, into a wasteland car park. There was a very large camper van parked on the waste ground, which they all headed toward.
One of the guys opened the van and climbed in, followed closely by my wife and then the second guy. The lights went on in the van and then the door closed. I quietly crept up to the van, thinking I would at least be able to hear whatever what was going on. To my thankful surprise, I was able to see through the slats of the blinds, watching my wife remove her waistcoat for the two studs. The guys were removing their shirts and trousers then lay on the bed in only their underpants. My wife was smiling, standing before them, her tits spilling out of her sexy black bra and her shaved smooth slit on full view.
Both guys removed their cocks and sprinkled a line of cocaine on their erect cocks. Smiling at my wife, they beckoned her over offering their coke covered cocks for her pleasure. Moving panther like, she leant over and sniffed both lines of coke then in a loud voice said excitedly.
"Fucking hell" Rubbing a finger against the side of her nose and smiling deliriously.
The guys then sprinkled a line of coke on each breast. Holding her huge firm breasts, they each sniffed a line of white powder from her breasts. I was in a state of shock and aroused excitement watching my wife partake in the drug sexual activity. I never knew she was taking cocaine! But at the same time I never knew she was getting fucked regularly by two guys!
"Come here while I lick your cheating pussy!" One of the guys said as the the other laughed.
"You can suck my cock while he licks your married cunt!" The other guy snarled.
My wife bent over, spreading her legs above the face of the guy lying down and held her pussy open, showing her pink tight hole. The other guy knelt in front of her holding his large cock at the base and fed it into her willing mouth.
I was watching my loving wife with a tongue in her pussy and a cock in her mouth. Riding the face of some guy, as her huge firm breast spilled out of her sexy shiny black bra. Her cinched waist and her fishnet stockings, made me think I was watching some bimbo porno slut, as she sucked the cock in her mouth wantonly. So this is what happens on girls nights out.
The guy who was licking her pussy, eased his tongue around her pink puckered asshole, making her squirm with sexual delight. My wife sighed erotically enjoying the rimming he was providing.
"Lick my balls and tongue my ass!" The guy having his cock sucked ordered.
My wife turned her head slightly so his balls were resting on her lips, as she began to lick his huge shaved balls. Her tongue flicked underneath his scrotum, making contact with the rim of his asshole. She teased her tongue around his asshole as he squirmed and moaned.
"Oh fuck that's it bitch! Tongue my asshole and kiss your husband later with your slut mouth!"
My wife groaned approvingly, performing his sordid act as requested.
The other guy moved my wife's right stockinged leg and positioned himself behind her.
"Where do you want fucked first slut? Pussy or Asshole?" He grinned.
"Fuck my pussy then come in my ass, my husband will never know I've been fucked as he never fucks my ass!" She panted excitedly.
This was true but after tonight, my cock and her asshole would be getting very familiar with each other. The spunk free pussy was part way to explaining how her pussy was always soaking wet after her girls night out, it was not just from guys hitting on her and feeding her ego, it was from having cocks plowing her cunt but spunking in her ass.
My wife was way out of their league, looking like the most sexy excitable bimbo slut, sucking cock and being fucked.
The guy having his cock sucked, reached over and picked up his iPhone. Flicking the phone to camera he began taking photographs of my wife sucking his cock. Her face was in shot and she didn't object one iota, in fact she smiled and willingly posed for every snapshot, licking the head of his cock, making the blowjob one of the horniest things I've ever witnessed.
She was positively thriving on being the slut.
The guy behind her slid his cock inside her tight shaved pussy, holding her waist he began to thrust deep inside her. My wife was moaning and sighing, enjoy the cock sliding in and out of her very tight pussy.
"You love being our slut don't you?" He growled "You love having our cocks in all of your holes don't you!"
"Yes!" She sighed sexually "I love being fucked by you guys!" She was panting now, lost in her sexual pleasure "Give me the cocks that make me a slut!"
"You love being fucked and cheating on your husband don't you? He grinned, pleased with himself that he was fucking another mans wife.
"You know I do!" She groaned "I love being fucked by other men!"
The guy getting his cock sucked, climbed of the bed and began videoing his friend fucking my wife. She was thrashing beneath him, riding her fabulous hips, grinding her tight pussy on his rather large cock, as she provided a running commentary of how they were fucking were and how much of a slut she was.
"Fuck me!" She moaned as I recognised the distinctive signs that she was approaching orgasm.
Her hips were moving up and down as she fucked the cock buried deep inside her.
"Turn over and let me see those huge tits and your tight shaved pussy!" The guy with camera growled. The guy fucking her removed his cock and watched her turn over, spread her legs and hold her shaved pussy wide open. She smiled sexily as he nudged the tip of his cock inside her once more, causing her to moan dramatically.
Pushing his cock further inside her, his friend grabbed my wife's huge tits and began to twist and tweak her erect nipples. She moaned like sex crazed her as the pleasures from the cock and the painful pleasure her nipples were receiving, sent her over the edge and she enjoyed a very powerful orgasm. The guy stopped playing with her nipples and moved his right hand down to her clitoris. He placed his index finger directly on her clitoris and began to move it vigourously. My wife was thrusting her hips to me meet the large cock and found herself trembling with excitement as the finger took her to heights of ecstasy I didn't know existed.
"You love doing coke off our cocks!" The guy with the camera snarled aggressively.
"I love being a slut for you guys!" My wife panted "and I love you doing coke off my tits!"
Wildly fucking the cock and finger she continued panting and moaning uncontrollably. Her eyes opened wide as she looked down at her shaved slit. A gush off female ejaculate burst from her pussy, as her head went back, opening her mouth, a deep throaty moans filled the air. Her breasts were heaving in orgasmic delight as she continued fucking the cock and the finger.
The guy removed his finger allowing my wife to return to planet earth.
"Your husband can't make you come like that can he?" Fingering guy smiled.
My wife shook her head and panted softly "No! No he cant!"
Both guys laughed at this, while I found it supremely arousing.
I wanted desperately to enter the van and join in with the sexual antics but somehow I was frozen to the spot, witnessing my wife be the biggest slut I could imagine.
None of this displeased me, in fact it aroused me so much I did not think I could live without this kind of sexual activity.
Thinking that was just about as slutty as my wife could get, she went further and surprised me.
The guy fucking her kept his cock inside her, turning on his back, my wife was now straddling his thighs with his cock still buried deep inside her. Her ass and hips were moving slowly as she continued to grind on his rock hard cock. The guy with the camera went directly behind her. He spat onto my wife's asshole as I watched her shudder with unashamed delight. Smiling at his friend he then proceeded to slide his length up my wife's ass.
She was moaning and panting with ecstatic pleasure as her tight holes were filling up with hard cock. Her eyes were rolling with the erotic pleasure of double penetration as a mini orgasm swept through her. The guy in her ass held her waist and began to fuck her vigourously. I had no concept of time at this point, my state of arousal was so high. A glance at my watch showed that it was over three hours since I dropped my wife off at the disco bar and she would normally be home within the next hour. I was desperate to be inside her and didn't think I could wait until her return home.
"Being high on coke and getting fucked like a slut is fucking awesome! My husband would never think of that" My wife smiled, looking at the two guys.
"Fucking a huge titted married slut in her sexy lingerie whilst she's high on coke is pretty awesome" The guy fucking her ass laughed like a drain "There's probably lots of things your husband doesn't do or you wouldn't be here with us!"
"Your cocks are much bigger than his for a start!" She moaned, thrusting her hips in the same tempo as the guys fucking her.
This was not strictly true, as I had seen the size of their cocks fucking my wife and mine was every bit as big as theirs. My wife was playing the slut perfectly for them, saying all the things they wanted to hear. This was obviously pleasuring all three of them as the fucked like animals.
I looked at my slut wife receiving more pleasure than she had ever received. Fucking the two guys as though her life depended on it.
I couldn't believe what I was watching, but the guy inside her ass began to thrust faster as he was obviously approaching orgasm. He slapped my wife's butt firmly and snarled.
"Take my spunk bitch!"
My wife gasped in pleasure at his stinging slap and his verbal abuse.
Thrusting deep inside her ass, I could plainly see as he spasmed erratically, emptying his spunk inside her colon. Her mouth was on the mouth of the guy fucking her pussy and she was almost chewing his face off, so high was her state of arousal.
He withdrew his deflating cock from her ass, looking very pleased with himself, when his friend indicated that he also was about to come. He removed his cock from her pussy and raced behind my wife. Holding his cock at the base, he pushed his cock deep inside her newly fucked ass.
My wife clenched her teeth and rode his cock to orgasm. He was holding her waist at the garter belt as he thrust powerfully into her accommodating asshole. Spurt after spurt of his hot seed filled my wife's colon, as she lay in her sexual afterglow receiving her second load of hot spunk.
With her face down on the mattress, her ass high in the air and her huge breasts swaying and spilling out of the too small bra, she looked such a bimbo, every man's sexual fantasy.
"We'll do those tequila pussy shots if you want now?" The guy still inside her ass said.
"Oh fuck yes please!" My wife said excitedly "This really makes my pussy tingle!"
The guy removed his cock as a large volume of spent spunk slid out of my wives ass.
The guy picked up some tissues and wiped her spunk drenched asshole, clearing away all of the double helping of spunk and said.
"You'll need to get in position babe!"
My wife smiled the most wicked smile as she lay on her back, resting on her elbows. Her enormous tits, spilling out of the too small bra, were becoming something of a sexual obsession with me. Other guys were obviously aroused by her huge tits, but seeing them like this, took them too another level of abject fantasy. Coupling this with her shaved pussy, Stockings and Garters, and you would need to go a long away to see anything more horny or sexier than my bimbo slut wife.
She moved her pelvis upward off the bed, placing her hands underneath her ass. Steadying her elbows into the mattress, she eased her ass and pussy into the air. The shiny protruding flesh of her labia, visible in her tight slit, was an impressive sight to behold. She had her ass and pussy raised off the bed, and slowly opened her black stockinged legs, high and wide, almost in the splits position. The guy who fucked her ass, gently stroked her smooth shaved mound, making her purr like a contented kitten. Smiling at my wife, he stroked her shaved mound a couple of times, then held her pussylips open. Giving her wet pussylips a few gentle kisses, she moaned contentedly as his tongue opened her further. Her fleshy lips were wide open, almost gaping, exposing her pink tight hole to her two studs.
The other guy picked up an open bottle of tequila, resting the neck of the bottle between her excited pussylips and began to gently pour the tequila inside my wife's shaved pussy. I can't explain why, but I found this all very erotic. A trickle of Tequila ran down her slit, indicating that her pussy was full.
The guy pouring the Tequila, placed a straw inside my wife's alcohol drenched pussy, stirring it like a barman would do in a cocktail bar. He placed his lips to the straw and began to suck tequila out of her tight shaved pussy.
My wife squirmed, moaning sexually as her studs used her as a human shot glass.
After two slurps, the guy removed the straw from his lips and said.
"You just can't beat Pussy slammers!" He laughed handing the straw to his friend.
The other guy placed the straw in my wife's tequila addled pussy, again stirring the tequila and obvious pussy juice. Placing his lips on the straw, he pursed them tightly and began to suck. My wife was squirming and panting, enthralled with the way these guys treat her. Once he sucked all of the tequila out of her shaved pussy, he smiled at her, looking at the sexually delirious expression on her face and slid his tongue beyond her labia, licking the inside of her tequila tasting pussy.
My wife giggled nervously, looking at the guy with his tongue deep in her pussy.
"I love when you guys do pussy slammers!" She whispered "They make my pussy tingle!"
The guy removed his tongue from my wife's pussy and said.
"We should get dressed and get moving!"
"Same time next week honey?" One of the guys enquired.
"Oh I don't see why not!" My wife smiled slipping her arms into her waistcoat "You know how much I enjoy my pussy slammers and being fucked by you guys! And don't forget the coke. You know what it does to me!"
I made a mental note to acquire some lines of coke at the earliest opportunity.
"Next week wear the stockings, garters, tight bra and the thigh length boots! I think we'll video our whole kinky session! Do you want us to bring another guy along?"
I have no idea which one of the guys said this as I was on tenterhooks awaiting my wife's response.
"If you guys are fucking me in here, then it would be difficult as there is not much room, but if we're in a hotel room, then another hard cock could be a lot of fun!" She said confirming her slut status "After all I have three active holes you could use!" She grinned wickedly.
"Some of our friends can't believe we're fucking a sexy, horny slut with your cock busting body! When we showed them the photographs, they were all jealous and desperate to fuck you!"
"I think there's enough of me to go round!" My wife giggled, jiggling her huge tits, and licking her lips for extra bimbo slut effect.
I was desperate to fuck my wife right now. I needed to vent my lust and frustrations as soon as possible. A flash of an idea zinged into my mind. I should phone my wife and see if she wants a lift home. A simple plan I know, but my head was not in a normal place at that moment.
Taking my phone out of my pocket, I clicked it on to camera and videoed my wife fastening her waistcoat, her huge breasts spilling out of the bra as the two guys played with her huge tits.
They sprinkled another line of coke on each breast as my wife giggled. Snorting the white powder, both guys rubbed their nostrils and smiled at my wife. They ran their tongues across the flesh of her huge breasts, licking up every grain of cocaine from her tits. She smiled once more as both guys gave her shaved pussy one last rub.
"You'll have me fucking you again!" She giggled picking up her leather mini skirt "That cocaine on your fingers, really makes my pussy buzz.
She then stepped into her tight leather mini skirt, wriggling as the tight leather moved up her legs. Once it was in position, one guy zipped her up as the other stroked her hairless pussy, with his coke powdered fingers. My wife giggled enjoying all of the decadent sexual attention. I stopped filming, quickly moving away from the van and dialled my wife's number as I turned the corner.
My wife's phone answered after seven torturous rings.
"Hi honey what's up?" She said nervously, a slight breathlessness to her voice and ensuring the guys were silent.
"I'm not too far from where I dropped you off and I just wondered if you would like a lift home!" I said awaiting what kind of response the cheating slut would deliver.
"Your timing is perfect. I'll finish off my drinks and should be outside the bar in ten minutes!" She lied convincingly.
"I'll be there in ten!" I stated "It sounds really quiet there?" I questioned waiting for her next lie.
"I'm in the ladies babe. I'll finish my drink and see you outside in ten!" She continued with her falsehood.
"Have you had a good night?" I questioned knowing first hand the answer.
"I've had a great night honey!" She said confidently "It's been a very naughty sexy night!"
"Lots of guys been hitting on you?" I quizzed jovially, knowing full well the real answer.
"One or two guys have been getting very amorous. Blowing in my ear as we danced, trying to feel my huge breasts and asking if my pussy was shaved?!" She giggled rather sexily 'They've really been turning me on! I have had a lot of naughty fun cock teasing guys!"
"I bet you have!" I giggled "All those hot guys trying to feel your tits and being very naughty asking if you're pussy was shaved! What did you tell them!"
"I told all of them that asked, that it was shaved smooth!" She drawled "I said my stockings and garters wouldn't look as sexy if my pussy wasn't shaved!" Trailing off in to a girlish giggle.
She was arousing not only me, but the two guys who were standing behind her in the camper van, probably running their hands all over my wife's bimbo body.
"You're very naughty, teasing all of the guys!" I giggled playing along with her "You didn't show any of them did you?"
"No, not really! There were a couple of hot guys I would have liked to show my shaved pussy!" She made a sexual moaning sound as she spoke "One hot guy I was dancing with, was gently stroking the flesh on my side boob, which was very ticklish and very arousing. Somehow he managed to distract me and sneak a finger up my leather mini skirt, moving it slowly along my shaved slit. His finger slipped between my excited wet labia as he began slipping the tip inside me and making me tremble sexily!" She giggled, knowing that this was arousing me and her cohorts "I let him wiggle his finger inside me for a moment, as I breathed heavily into his ear. I found myself rocking my hips on his finger, encouraging him to pleasure me, enjoying the sensation of his finger stirring my very wet pussy. I placed my hand on his trouser covered cock to find it was very hard and very large. I smiled at him, then gave his hand a playful slap! I told him he was a very naughty boy, winked at him then hugged him, pushing my huge tits into his chest!"
"You have been a very naughty young lady getting fingered!" I giggled adjusting my cock "To get you that worked up, I bet those guys have been pouring tequila into you all night!" I added, with just a hint of intent.
"You're not far from the truth there!" She giggled, the cocaine had obviously loosened not only her pussylips but her inhibitions "I'll see you in ten!" She purred, then hung up.
While she was still high on coke, I knew I could get the whole truth from her.
Her defences were well down, as she revealed more in that phone call than she has ever done.
It was at least five minutes before she left the van, my mind racing, imagining she was sexually pleasuring the two guys once more, after our raunchy phone call.
As she eventually left the camper can, her mini skirt was around her waist, displaying her shaved pussy as she left the vehicle, tottering unsteadily on her sexy high heels.
Her breasts were out of her tight black bra, as each guy had a nipple in his mouth, sucking her erect flesh and giving her pussy one last finger, as she leant against the door of the van.
I could hear the squelching of her pussy over on the other side of the waste ground. Her moans were every bit as loud, as the guys sucked her huge tits, fingered her shaved pussy and stroked her well fucked ass.
I dashed around to the car park, leaving my wife and her studs to enjoy their last few moments together. I located my car, my changed my shirt and jacket, then drove the car out of the multi storey like a stunt driver.
My cock was still rock hard as I pulled up to the kerb. My bimbo slut wife stepped from the doorway of the pick up joint, her heels clicking on the concrete sidewalk.
Her huge tits were spilling out of the waistcoat as the top two buttons were now unfastened. Her tiny waist was accentuating her huge breasts and her tight leather mini skirt did not disguise that she was wearing stockings as the tops and garter straps were clearly visible. If the police had drove past at that moment, they would have thought I was picking up some bimbo hooker instead of my slut hot wife!
She looked the perfect bimbo slut, and made my cock rock hard even more so, looking at her!
Opening the car door, she eased her long stockinged legs into the car and slithered on to the passenger seat. She leant over to kiss me as her full lips grazed my own sensually.
Her breath had a strong scent of tequila and something with a unique tinge to it. I could taste the cocks of the guys she had just fucked and it was giving her a tremendous thrill doing this to me, judging by her throaty moan. As we broke our kiss I could see from the streetlights that her breasts looked wet and shiny, probably from saliva the guys had left after licking and sucking her fabulous tits.
"You look like you've had a very naughty time!" I smiled, watching her reaction "these guys hitting on you seems to have a sexy positive effect on you!"
She smiled seductively, placed her long nailed fingers up and down the nape of my neck and whispered.
"It's very arousing to know strange guys want you sexually!" She smiled, her eyes half closed with lust and desire.
"Feeling their hard cocks pushing into your stomach, pussy or ass, knowing it was you that turned them on so much! Having their warm breath whisper into your ear that they want to fuck you!" She purred holding her huge breasts.
"Allowing them to touch me just enough to excite and arouse me!"
She smiled stroking her pussy just a little more fervently.
"You seem to be enjoying the side effects of my teasing and flirting!" She smiled patting my erect cock through my trousers "Maybe I should go here more than once a week!" She smirked, obviously enjoying the two cocks more than I envisaged.
"If it gets you this hot then we'll have to see!" I smiled "Maybe I should come in and see how the guys turn you on!"
None of this phased her. The tequila and the cocaine had left her very open and astonishingly honest.
"You were really getting turned on listening to me tell you about the guy fingering my married shaved pussy weren't you! The excited look on his face as I rocked on his busy finger, was empowering to say the least!" She smiled stroking my thigh "I was moaning sexually into his ear and whispered softly, finger fuck my shaved cunt! You should have seen his face when I stroked his hard cock! It was such a turn on teasing him and leaving him high and dry!"
"I can't wait to get home and fuck you!" I snarled.
"I'll fuck you cowgirl style and tell you all about my night if you wish?" She whispered erotically.
Lets see what her reaction is when we get back home, with my cock inside her and I ask about the camper van!