An awkward teenage virgin was asked to have anal sex with his crush. But first, he needed to be comfortable living with naked girls and learn to enjoy regular sex. Somehow, he eventually became known as a sex instructor on campus.
AUTHOR'S NOTE:
This is a multi-chapter story of how a shy teenage virgin eventually became known as an anal sex instructor. But there's also a lot of vaginal sex. Along with threesomes, orgies and college sex parties.
Lisa made sure of that.
This story includes a lot nudity, harem, group sex, lesbianism, anal sex and polyamorous relationships. If any of that bothers you, find another story to read.
All characters in the story are eighteen and above.
(By the way, I was medically diagnosed as a wimp and certifiable weird. Though I did get less wimpier the more girls I had sex with. Even my doctor was impressed. So don't be too hard on me at the start, deal?")
****
- PROLOGUE -
****
"Oh fuck..." Alena moaned as my mushroom head disappeared between her butt cheeks.
I could never get used to the sight of watching my cock entering a girl for the first time.
"Does it hurt?" I asked.
"No... push in some more..." the nineteen-year-old college girl encouraged.
I compiled, gripping the redhead's hip and thrusting slowly until my cock went in another half an inch. Then I stopped, letting her get used to my cock in her ass.
Spooning on our sides like this wasn't ideal. It was harder to control my thrust. But it was the best position for first-time anal sex.
When I felt no resistance from her, I went in another half an inch, then another. I stopped whenever she tensed up, then continued on when she relaxed.
Until I finally bottomed out. It was unbelievably tight. Okay, not that unbelievable, since every girl's ass was always tight, especially for the first time. Sometimes a little too tight, especially when her butt's clenching my cock.
Though not unpleasant. It was the opposite of unpleasant. I supposed this was how a cock ring would feel like, with the ring moving down my shaft as I pushed deeper into her ass.
Except unlike a cock ring, her butt could clench. At the moment, it felt like my cock was going to break from getting squeezed too hard.
Has a cock ever break during anal sex? I had no idea. I hoped not. I didn't even want to fuck Alena's ass in the first place.
I was only doing this as a favor after all.
I tried to calm down before my anxiety took over. Having stupid thoughts like that... was stupid. I took a moment to breathe. Despite me not wanting to do this in the first place, I might as well try to enjoy this.
I focused my thoughts on what I enjoyed about fucking a pretty girl like Alena. Alena was really hot. The ratio of guys wanting to fuck her and guys that actually fuck her was probably a few hundred to one. So I was the only lucky few that could fuck her. And the first to fuck her ass.
Staring into the back of her ginger hair, I tried to enjoy the sensation of feeling her slender back against my chest, her perky butt against my pelvis, and her slim legs against my thigh.
Most importantly, I focused on how pleasurable it was to be inside this peachy ass. My cock. In her ass.
I never liked thinking like this. It was rude. But for the moment, it seemed to help me get into the right mood.
"Good?" Lisbon asked.
The petite college girl sat cross-legged in front of Alena. I glanced at her naked body. Her modest breasts looked so perky. I've been wanting to touch them since she took off her bra.
I'm definitely in the right mood now.
"I feel... very stretched," Alena said.
Lisa giggled, her breasts bounced a little as her body shook. "That's the whole idea."
Even after seeing Lisa's tits every day, it still made my heart flutter a little whenever I looked at her naked.
I took a deep breath and willed myself to focus on the girl in front of me. It wasn't right to lust after another girl when my cock was already in her butt.
"Let me know when you're ready," I whispered into Alena's ear.
"Give me a while to... get used to it..." Alena panted. "It feels different from having a plug up my ass."
"But much better right?" Lisa gave a salacious grin. She should know. Her ass was the first one I'd fucked.
"You weren't kidding," Alena said. "I feel like I'm going to come just from this."
"Oh!" Lisa exclaimed. "You should try with a vibrator on your clit! It's the best feeling in the world when you come with him in your ass."
"Um..." I interjected quickly before they started getting funny ideas. "How about we take it one step at a time?"
Lisa giggled. "Well, you're the expert."
----
It still felt weird to be called an expert.
I was by no means an expert. Even after fucking some of the hottest college girls' butts to the point where I'm starting to lose count, simply talking to girls alone still made me anxious.
I was a wimp. Though I did have good reasons for that.
But despite my wimpiness, I still somehow became known on campus as the 'go-to guy' to help girls enjoy a cock in their butts.
There were even the weird occurrences of guys asking me to help their girlfriends fall in love with anal sex. So that they could eventually enjoy their girlfriends' butts themselves.
They said I'd be doing them a huge favor. They'd owe me one. Just for fucking their girlfriends' asses.
I supposed when a guy really wanted his girlfriend to be addicted to anal sex, he would do anything to get her hooked on it. Even if it was not his cock she got addicted to in the first place.
The reason how I became known as the 'anal sex expert' was weird.
It wasn't because I was the best-looking guy on the campus, or had the hottest body, or had a monster cock like Tony.
On the contrary, it was precisely because my dick wasn't big at all. Though it happened to be the right size. The right shape and size for anal sex. At least that's what they all told me. Making college girls begging me to fuck their butts.
It was the kind of thing that I thought only existed in porn.
It seemed ridiculous to think that merely six months ago, at the start of the school year, I was still a virgin.
I hadn't even held a girl's hand before then. I had a crippling, severe anxiety disorder since young that made me uncomfortably anxious most of the time. Especially around pretty girls like Alena.
But somehow, my debilitating mental condition also made girls like having sex with me. Even when we're not doing butt stuff.
These two weaknesses became my strength as a sex instructor.
For any girls who wanted to have anal sex with me, Lisa also made sure those girls allowed me into their vaginas first.
And it must be bareback sex, because Lisa hated condoms, even if her vagina wasn't the one receiving my cock. With me coming inside them at least three times before I'd penetrate their asses.
Or so Lisa proclaimed.
It was a rule Lisa set. And a rule that all the girls obeyed.
Because of that, I had a long queue of girls waiting to have sex with me. Just so I'd fuck their butts.
Worse, there's also a new rumor going around that I'm the best guy to help girls lose their virginities. Any virginities.
"Any hole you want to learn to enjoy having a cock in it."
I'm pretty sure it was Denise who started it. I suspected she enjoyed tormenting me like this.
Truth be told, I didn't enjoy casual sex. Being naked with a stranger freaked me out. But I was getting better at it.
It all began at the start of my first year in college when my best friend, Tony Kingsley, asked me to live with him. His family was ultra-wealthy and rented a two-story house, insisting that I stayed with him rent-free. Along with Lisa and Denise.
Lisa was Tony's girlfriend while Denise was Lisa's best friend. Though the three of them frequently had sex together, in kind of a trouple, polyamorous relationship that took me a long time to understand.
There were also other girls who frequently joined them in the bedroom. Tony was the luckiest guy in the world.
If he wasn't my best friend, I would have hated him.
Tony was tall, had a pretty boy face, jacked body, and filthy rich parents. He was smooth, charismatic, and confident. A chick magnet that started in high school.
Just to complete the cliché, Tony was also blond with piercing blue eyes. Or maybe the cliché started with Tony whenever people described a beautiful guy. A Greek sculptor would be jealous.
In high school, Tony's nickname was 'Mr King.' I won't be surprised if he was actually royalty.
Whereas I was a nerd. With anxiety so severe I had to take Benzo every day. Along with a host of other mental conditions. I couldn't even look girls directly in the eye whenever I'm talking to them.
Except Lisa Kelton.
She was the girl I wanted to be with the most in this world. I'd rather have sex with her than casual sex with a new girl every day.
Which was why I couldn't refuse her when she first came to me with an unusual request after living two weeks in the same house.
****
Chapter 1: The Request
****
- August, 2017 -
"This is not a joke right?" I asked.
"It's not," Lisa said firmly. She pulled her honey-blonde hair over her ear and waited for that statement to sink in.
"You want me to... fuck your ass?" I asked.
Anyone who meets Lisa and Denise for the first time would be shocked by how casual they were talking about sex. It was like they lived in a porn movie.
Denise could walk up to a random stranger and say, 'nice tits' as though Denise was complimenting her shoes. Lisa could talk about her sex life within five minutes of meeting someone new, just like how guys would talk about their favorite sports.
Sex was always their favorite topic even in high school. They could casually ask someone 'Did you have a good fuck last night?' as though they were asking 'Did you do your homework last night?' with a straight face.
After being friends with them for years, I was used to it. Mostly.
But this request was outside the comfortable range of what I was used to.
"That's right, Ken," Lisa said.
I looked into her beautiful green eyes to make sure she wasn't kidding. My favorite eyes in the world. But I was the worst person to understand social cues.
"And Tony's fine with it?" I asked.
Who in the world would be comfortable with asking his best friend to fuck his girlfriend in the ass?
I know Tony and Lisa had a special kind of relationship that included inviting other girls to have sex with them. But I didn't know Tony was open to having other guys fucking his girlfriend.
Especially her ass.
"Yup," Lisa said casually. "He suggested it."
"He did?" I asked, not quite believing what I heard.
Tony was always generous towards me, the kind of generosity that always made me cringe.
But I didn't know Tony was this generous.
"Maybe I should start at the beginning," Lisa wondered out loud.
"I think you should," I agreed.
"So Tony and I have been trying anal sex for a while..."
In situations like this, I'd have said, 'Too Much Info'. I never like hearing about their sex lives.
But she did ask me to fuck her ass.
"Okay..." I managed.
"But we can't seem to get it to fit..."
"By 'it' you meant..."
"Tony's cock," Lisa said. "It's too big."
"Uh... right." I knew what she was talking about.
Even if sharing gym class with Tony for the past three years hadn't made me know of that fact, girls in high school always talked about Tony's monster cock. It was the only thing they ever wanted to talk about.
Another reason why I'd love to hate Tony.
"So we're hoping you can help me to get used to it," Lisa said simply, as though that explained everything.
"How's... how's that going to work?" I asked cautiously.
"You can help me stretch it first."
"By 'it' you meant your..."
"My butt," Lisa said. She tilted her hip and indicated her bottom for emphasis. It was a bottom I had lusted after for several years.
"Uh, right..."
"Do you think you can help us... help me with that?" Lisa asked cautiously.
Lisa played on my weak spot. She knew I'd avoid saying no to her whenever I could help it.
"You know this is a really weird request right?" I said.
"It's a little unusual, I admit," Lisa confessed.
"A little?" I asked, incredulous. "But why me?"
"Because Tony trusts you, of course. We all do."
"Is that the only reason?"
"Um, well... how do I put this..." Lisa said hesitantly.
"Because I've a small cock?"
I didn't exactly think I had a small cock. It was average. I was neither proud nor ashamed of it. But compared to Tony's, mine was tiny. Hell, compared to his, everyone's was tiny.
"No!" Lisa said quickly, "Um, just maybe... not... as big as Tony."
"This is not payback for the other night, right? An elaborate prank to get back at me?"
"No, no!" Lisa said quickly. "I already told you I don't have a problem with that! I never did!"
"Then what's the meeting earlier about?" I asked, still suspicious about the meeting before this talk with Lisa.
I was invited to have a meeting with Tony, Lisa, and Denise in the living room. A formal house meeting. I thought I was getting kicked out of the house for looking at Lisa walking around naked.
My nerves were still frayed thinking about the house meeting earlier.
----
"Am I getting kicked out of the house?" I asked, half-joking, half not, as soon as I sat down with them in the living room.
When Tony asked me to live together with his girlfriend and his girlfriend's best friend, I thought it was a bad idea.
Even in high school, I knew they had a huge amount of sex. Whenever we had study sessions in Tony's mansion, Tony and Lisa would often disappear to have sex several times a day. Then they would come back half-dressed, hair messed up, and continued to study with me as though nothing happened. An hour later, the same thing happened again.
I also knew Denise often joined them. They didn't exactly try to hide it. Denise also frequently brought a friend to join Tony and Lisa in bed. Then the three girls would appear looking like they had the best time of their lives.
I always wondered how that worked. Having sex with three girls at once looked and sounded exciting. The stuff of fantasy. But in reality? It felt impossible.
I didn't exactly mind that they were always having sex. It was their business. And they were my best friends. Good for Tony. But it only became a problem for me when I had to witness it every day.
I found out exactly how bad an idea it was on the night we moved into this house.
The house was four blocks from campus with four bedrooms. Downstairs had a living room, kitchen, bathroom, and two bedrooms. Upstairs had two more bedrooms and a bathroom. The rooftop was flat, with a small pool and a hot tub. I was pretty sure the owner designed it to be a party house. I was also pretty sure this was the main reason Tony wanted to live there.
Tony and I took the room downstairs. Lisa and Denise took the rooms upstairs. But with Tony's room being the biggest, Lisa and Denise frequently had sex with him in his. Almost every day. Sometimes with an extra girl.
Right from the first night, I could hear them having sex. With only a thin wall separating my room and Tony's, I could hear everything. All the moans and groans. All the smacking of flesh on flesh. And all the dirty talks that Denise liked during sex.
After the first night, I begged them to allow me to take the bedroom upstairs instead. But Lisa and Denise wanted the second floor to be the girls' floor. Something about easier to share everything when their rooms were side by side.
Another thing they liked to do was walking into the kitchen whenever they took a break during sex. Stark naked. The first time I caught a glimpse of their naked butts when I opened my door, I shut the door quickly.
When Tony tried to apologize to me the next day, I told him it was fine. It was his house, his rules. No matter how uncomfortable I was.
Since then, whenever they started having sex, I mostly stayed in my room with a headset on. Or hid out on the rooftop until I knew they were done.
Then an incident happened two nights ago. At two in the morning, after I was very certain they were all asleep after a bout of very long sex, I came out of the room only to find myself face-to-face with a naked Lisa.
It was the first time she was fully nude in front of me. I had seen her in various states of undress before, but never as naked as the day she was born. And I had never seen her bare pussy before.
Until that night.
Instinctively, I ogled at her body, checking out every curve. I stared at her bare breasts and pussy for god knows how long, mesmerized. When I finally regained my senses and looked her in the eye, she was looking at me, very amused.
Then the panic struck and I yelled an apology and dashed back into my room.
So when Tony called this meeting, I thought I was getting kicked out for ogling his girlfriend.
"Woah dude, nobody's getting kicked out!" Tony said quickly.
"I still feel like I'm getting ganged somehow," I said, looking at my best friend, then at his girlfriend. My anxiety was already starting to rise.
"Dude, chill the fuck out," Tony said. "And tone down on the passive-aggressiveness, will ya?"
Lisa frowned and turned to her boyfriend, "Tony, maybe I should talk to Ken alone?"
"I thought the whole point of coming to college and living together like this was so that we can start behaving like proper adults," Tony said frustratingly.
"Okay, okay, this is not going as well as I expect it to be," Lisa said.
"How did you expect this to go?" I asked, now failing to hide the panic in my voice.
"Dude, stop that!" Tony said.
"Tony!" Lisa yelled, "Just let me speak, will you?"
"Is this about the other night?" I asked nervously. "It won't happen again."
"That's what we wanted to talk to you about, dude," Tony said.
"I'll just stay in my room from now on if it helps," I said quickly.
"No!" Lisa said quickly, "You don't have to do that... look, can you try to hold your anxiety together until I finish saying what I want to say? It's nothing bad, I promise."
I looked at Lisa, then at Tony, then at Denise who had remained quiet the entire time, then back at Lisa and nodded.
"First, let me say again I'm not mad about the other night," Lisa said. "We live together. It happened. It was my fault for walking around naked like that."
"It's not your fault that I stared at you like a piece of meat," I said guiltily.
"Technically it was her fault," Denise decided to chip in.
"Wait, how's that my fault?" Lisa asked.
"You're hot. He's a virgin who had never seen a naked girl," Denise explained matter-of-factly.
"Denise!" Lisa yelled. "Don't be rude!"
"How's that rude?" Denise said. "It's just a fact."
"Uh, so this meeting is about that night, right?" I asked. My anxiety was now leaping into the uncomfortable zone. Just a few steps away from a panic attack.
"No... well, in a way, yes," Lisa said.
"So it IS about the other night?" I asked again.
"Dude," Tony said, annoyed. "Alright, it is about the other night. Move on."
Despite being best friends, there's a limit to how much Tony's alpha male side could tolerate my wimpy ass.
I often wondered why Tony put up with me. Not just put up, but kept me as his best friend.
We were nothing alike. He was the kind of guy everyone wanted to be friends with. I was the kind of guy no one wanted to be friends with.
He was fun, spontaneous, and easy to talk to. I was a nerd, who couldn't talk to anyone.
He was good-looking, I was not. He had a model-like body. I did not. He was rich. I was not.
All the girls wanted to be with him. No girls even wanted to talk to me.
And the worst thing of all was his loyalty. The only reason why we became friends was because I happened to help him when he was getting bullied. I didn't even mean to help him. In a billion parallel universes, this was probably the only one that I did.
When Tony first entered high school, he was small and pretty like a girl. That attracted a lot of bullies targeting him. He frequently fought back and ended up in bruises.
In the third week of high school, I happened to walk past him surrounded by four seniors in a corner. Somehow my body reacted and I ran over to help him. It was a heroic moment like in the movies. But unlike in the movies, both of us got beaten up badly.
But after that incident, we became friends. Or rather, he declared me his best friend.
Then six months later, he hit a growth spurt, became ripped, more handsome rather than looking like a girl, and suddenly became the most popular guy in school. He was the typical jock. Tall, muscular, handsome. And very rich. But unlike typical jocks, he was also smart, kind, and treated everyone well. Especially me.
Throughout the rest of high school, he kept me close. He asked his friends to become my friends. He invited me to parties. He made sure no one messed with me.
If he wasn't so loyal, perhaps I could hate him. But I can't. He did everything right, even when I didn't deserve it.
"Um..." I stammered, glancing towards my room, now plotting my escape. I never did well with tense and confrontational situations.
"Tony!" Lisa admonished her boyfriend. She was the only one who knew me best in the world.
Lisa was also another friend I didn't deserve. On the first day of school, we rode the bus together. We talked. Or rather she talked, I participated.
That should have been the end of the story.
Except Lisa also decided to become my friend. If not for Tony taking the top spot, she would have been my best friend.
Most people found me too weird and difficult to talk to. I agreed. I was weird. But Lisa didn't mind. She was gentle and kind. She took the time to understand me and made me feel comfortable.
"This is getting nowhere," Tony said sharply. I flinched, which made Lisa frown at her boyfriend again.
"Denise, take Tony to your room," Lisa said. "I'll talk to Ken alone."
----
"Ken!" Lisa snapped her fingers, drawing my attention and bringing me back to the present. "Don't start spiraling now, please."
"Uh... You haven't told me what the meeting earlier was about." I said, trying to remember the conversation we were having. We're talking about... me fucking her ass. "Does this... request got to do with the other night?"
"It's linked," Lisa said. "But they're two separate things."
"You know you're not making it easier for me to understand right?"
"Alright, alright," Lisa said. "Let's settle one thing at a time."
"Fine."
"So can you help me to... stretch my butt?"
"Couldn't you, I don't know, use a plug or something?"
"I've been doing that!" Lisa snapped. "I've been wearing a butt plug for months now. I've also tried a nine-inch dildo. But somehow it's different once Tony tries it with his cock."
Nine-inch? Damn.
"So how is this going to work?" I asked. "We're just going to... do the butt stuff until you can... accommodate Tony's?"
"That's the general idea," Lisa said. "And more, if you're comfortable."
"More?"
"I've always wanted to do DP with Tony."
"D-DP?" I stammered.
"Double Penetration. You know, having a cock in my pussy and my butt at the same time."
"I know what DP is... Uh, so you want me to have sex with... you two?"
"And Denise."
"Like... a foursome?"
"If you don't mind..."
"Uh, Denise wants to do that... with me?"
"She also wants to get used to anal sex. But she's even tighter than me."
"Um..."
"You don't have to give an answer now," Lisa added quickly. "You can take your time to decide."
"Right... So what's the other thing you wanted to talk to me about?"
"You know how Tony, Denise, and I are very... enthusiastic about sex?"
"I might have noticed that," I said drily.
Lisa giggled. "Anyway, I don't like to wear clothes after sex. My body gets very hot."
"Like the other night..." I muttered.
"Yeah, like the other night."
"I'll make sure to stay in my room whenever you three get... enthusiastic."
"Oh no, it's the opposite actually," Lisa said.
"The... opposite?"
"Well... we're hoping that you don't mind if... if we walk around naked."
"Oh..." That was unexpected. "So you want my... permission to... walk around naked after sex?" I asked hesitantly.
"Yes," Lisa said. "And in general."
"What do you mean by 'in general?'"
"Well, I don't really like wearing clothes at home... even when I'm not having sex."
"So you want to basically turn this house into a nudist place?"
"Not nudist," Lisa said quickly. "I'm not a nudist. I just don't like wearing much clothes."
"What's the difference?"
"Most of the time I'll wear just panties... or maybe a shirt if it's cold."
I wanted to ask if she meant either just panties or a shirt, or both. But I guessed I would find out eventually.
"And I'm supposed to be naked too?" I asked.
"Of course not!" Lisa said sharply. "You can wear anything you want. Or not at all. It's your choice. That's what I'm saying. We just set a rule where we can dress however we like."
"Oh... I don't think you want me to walk around naked."
"Why not? Tony does... at least in his room."
"But Tony's your boyfriend."
"I don't have a problem with you walking around naked, if that's what you want."
"If everyone's naked... I might... uh... ah, never mind."
"You know you can always tell me what's on your mind right?" Lisa said. "We've talked about this."
"Right. But some things might still be inappropriate to say out loud."
"More inappropriate than asking you to help me stretch my ass?"
I laughed. "That's a good point."
"So?" Lisa said. "What was it you wanted to say?"
"Um... I might have... an embarrassing situation if you and Denise walk around naked," I managed to say.
"Embarrassing situation?" Lisa raised her brows. Then she got it. "Oh! Well, if you're going to help me, it's not like I won't see your erection right?"
"Right," I said, still not quite believing Lisa was asking me to fuck her ass. And now I could see her naked. Or just with her panties on. Every day.
I've had a huge crush on Lisa even before she and Tony got together. I got to know her first, before Tony stole her away. Though it wasn't like I was ever going to be with Lisa. Still, it hurts a lot whenever I see my best friend being with my biggest crush.
"So are you comfortable if I start walking around in just my panties?"
"Uh..." This felt like a trick question somehow. Or my mind was playing tricks on me. Why was it so difficult for me to just say yes?
"You can look at me however you want, of course," Lisa added. "I really don't mind that. Denise would probably like it when you look at her in just her panties."
I imagined seeing Lisa and Denise walking around the house in nothing on except their panties. Everyday. And allowing me to look however I like.
It would be a sin not to allow them to do that.
"Sure... if you... don't have a problem with me walking around with an erection all the time."
Lisa giggled. "I don't mind."
"Uh, is Tony going to be walking around naked too?"
"Sometimes. But he usually wears boxers at home. You don't mind that, do you?"
"I rather not see Tony's monster cock."
She laughed. "I think we'll all get used to it after a while, don't you think?"
"Uh, right."
"Then... once you get used to it... maybe we can... go one step further..." Lisa said slowly.
"One step further?" I asked, warning bells starting to ring in my head again. "You know, if you want me to be less anxious about this conversation, it would be better for you to just say everything together instead of one after another."
"Oh... Um, the next one might be a little awkward."
"More awkward than the conversation we're having?"
"Um, if you don't mind... would you be uncomfortable if we... have sex when you're around?"
"You want me to watch you guys have sex?"
"Oh no!" Lisa said quickly "You don't have to watch if you don't want to... but you can watch if you want as well. Either way is fine."
"So you're saying you want to have sex in front of me?"
"Yes."
"Like in the living room?" I clarified. "Or the kitchen."
"Anywhere in the house... whenever we want."
"I could just stay in my room, you know."
"No!" Lisa said. "We don't want you to do that. This is your house as much as ours. We want you to be comfortable doing whatever you want, and not have to coop up in your room because we want to have sex on the couch."
"So if you two, or three, are banging in the kitchen, you won't mind if I walk in, grab a drink from the fridge, and watch you three bang?"
"We don't mind if you don't. It can be... very hot for you to watch." Lisa smiled coyly.
"So you want me to watch?"
"No Ken, you're missing my point!"
"Then what's your point?"
"The point is we can all do whatever we want, without being uncomfortable or awkward around each other. If we want to walk around naked, we walk around naked. If we want to bang, we bang. If we want to watch, we watch. That's the point!"
"What happens if I don't want that? Should I leave the house?"
"Then we won't force you. But you don't have to leave the house. You're staying with us no matter what."
"I don't want to be an inconvenience."
"You're not. You're our friend. You know we love you right?"
Urgh, if only Lisa used the L-word in the way I wanted.
"Wait, why did you say these two things are linked?"
"Oh, well... about that... Denise said it would be better if... I ease you into it before you help me."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Well, I know you're a... virgin..."
"Everyone knows that."
"So Denise thought it won't be nice if your first time is anal sex."
"Uh, right."
"So maybe we can... have regular sex first until we're comfortable with each other."
"So... we're going to have regular sex first?" I asked.
"If you don't mind."
Mind? Having sex with Lisa? There's no parallel universe where I'd mind.
"Uh, tell me again, how do all these link together?" I asked.
"Well, I know you're uncomfortable with physical contact because of your anxiety, so maybe we can help you get used to it first gradually before we start having anal sex."
"And the first step is to walk around naked?"
Lisa nodded. "We can just cuddle without clothes first."
"Before we go into that, are you sure you want to... have sex with me?"
"Why not?" Lisa said in a voice that suggested I was asking a stupid question.
"Because you're with Tony? And Denise? I'm not sure exactly how your relationship works, to be honest."
"Tony and I are not exclusive when it comes to sex. We allow each other to have sex with others. Denise just joins us for sex. She's also our girlfriend."
The way Lisa said it made me wonder if having sex with Denise and having Denise as a girlfriend were two separate things. It sounded like they were. It was confusing as hell.
"And you want me to join as well?"
"If you don't mind."
"You don't mind... having sex with me?" I asked. "What I meant is... are you sexually attracted to me?"
"Oh. Well, I love sex and you're my good friend. I don't have a problem having sex with you."
"There's a big difference between you don't mind and you want to."
"Is this something you're concerned about?" She asked.
"I just want to know what you're thinking," I said.
"Well, sex is fun, enjoyable, and nice. You're my friend. I don't have a problem having sex with my friends."
Even after being friends with Tony, Lisa, and Denise for several years now, I never quite understood the whole 'having sex with friends' thing.
In my upbringing, I was raised with the idea that a man and woman should only have sex with each other, after marriage.
I never bought into that idea of course. I thought of sex too often to accept the idea that I could only have sex with one person, and only after marriage. And my high school was the kind of place where people have sex all the time.
Still, there's a chasm between casual sex and polyamory. The idea that someone could be in a relationship and still had sex with another person was hard to imagine.
But Lisa and Denise pushed the chasm even further by making it a norm to have casual sex with friends. Any good friend was a friend with benefits.
For normal people, hanging out with friends meant talking and bonding. With Lisa and Denise, hanging out included having sex together. Their idea of bonding extended to getting naked together and having physical intimacy.
Then they would end the "hanging out" as normal friends. As though sex between normal friends was normal.
I didn't participate in those "hanging out sessions" whenever I knew it involved people getting naked and touching each other. But it wasn't because of the lack of invitation. As Tony's and Lisa's friend, I was always invited. But it was too intrusive for me, even if my cock liked the idea.
But despite being exposed to the idea, I still didn't understand how it worked.
"So you will have sex with anyone?"
"Not anyone. Only people I like. I like you. We're friends."
I tried not to flinch. Once again, the word 'like' felt like a punch to the gut.
"Don't you have male friends that can help you with... stretching?"
"Well, it took me a long time to get used to the idea of putting something in my ass. I don't have anyone I trust enough to help me stretch it. Except you."
"So I'm the only person that can help you?"
"If you really don't want to, I won't force you, Ken. I'll just try to find someone else."
I didn't like the thought of someone else putting his dick inside Lisa's ass. I rather it be my cock in her ass.
"But I don't know anything about... stretching," I said.
Lisa giggled. "We can figure that out together. It's going to be fun," she said. "Ezra's also going to teach me. She was the one who suggested I start with someone... not as big first."
Ezra was Lisa's elder sister. A senior who came once a week and disappeared in Tony's room whenever she was around. I wasn't sure if Ezra and Lisa did things together. But just the thought of Tony doing two sisters was so unfair. Plus Denise.
How did Tony manage to be able to have sex with three girls at once? I couldn't even manage to have sex with one.
And Ezra wasn't any regular girl. She was the hottest senior. Even hotter than Lisa, objectively speaking.
Along with her youngest sister Elsa, the three sisters were very popular in school. Pretty faces, big tits, and not mean bitches.
"Ken." Lisa snapped her fingers again. "Focus."
"Uh, sorry. What did you say?"
"Are you comfortable with these?" she asked.
"I'm not, but..."
"But you're willing to give it a try?" she asked encouragingly.
Tony was like the impatient father who loved me even though he was frustrated. Lisa was like the patient mother who frequently encouraged me to step out of my comfort zone. This weird dynamic had always worked out for us.
"Uh, I'm fine with you walking around naked. But the sex stuff..."
"You don't want to have sex with me?" she asked.
Of course I want to have sex with Lisa. She was so beautiful. I masturbated to her often. I tried not to, but sometimes the image of her just entered my mind.
"Uh, I... I don't mind, but..."
"You don't feel comfortable having sex in general?"
"Uh, more of the physical touch... you know... my condition."
She nodded. "Don't you think it's time to learn to be comfortable?"
"I'm not sure if I can learn that."
"Why don't we just give it a try? We can help each other out."
Any sane boy would say yes to having sex with Lisa. Or rather no sane boy would ever say no. But I wasn't normal.
Still, it's too good an opportunity to pass up.
"Uh... alright."
"How about we give it a try now?"
"N-now?"
"I can take off my top and we can try cuddling," she said, leaning toward me.
I looked at the gorgeous girl in front of me. Her big blue eyes were soft and encouraging. Her blonde hair flowed down her back. She was casually dressed and yet stunning, a plain black blouse doing little to hide her ample chest and a simple pair of white shorts exposing a lot of creamy thigh as well as her long, long legs. Curvy and slim at the same time. She was a goddess.
I felt blood rushing to my groin and my cock was starting to rise. I immediately crossed my legs away from her to hide my growing erection.
Lisa immediately jumped back a little on the couch, probably thinking I was uncomfortable this close to her. Well, I was, but not in the way she thought.
"Sorry," Lisa said quickly, "I shouldn't have done that."
"Uh, no... I was just... taken by surprise."
"How about we start slow? We can just soak in the hot tub tonight first and ease our way into it."
"Naked?"
"Well, if you want to push yourself a little. But you can just wear swimming shorts first."
"What about you?"
"I'll wear a bikini first."
"First?"
"Why don't we just get comfortable first and then see what happens?"
"Uh... I'll try."
"Say, 9pm?" Lisa suggested.
"I might have work to do tonight," I said. A lie, in case I wanted to back out.
"Well, then join us whenever you're free?" Lisa said. She knew I was lying. I always lied like this whenever I want to avoid social events.
"I might not be able to finish by tonight."
"Just promise me you'll try to make it if you can?"
"I... I'll try."
----
I spent the entire day fretting over what to do.
I had never once joined them in the hot tub on the rooftop. Even though the tub could comfortably fit six people, or up to eight if everyone sat shoulder to shoulder, the thought of being in close proximity with others freaked me out.
Especially with half-naked people. I wasn't uncomfortable with nudity per se. It was more of an intimacy thing. My mind equated nudity with intimacy. And intimacy made me all weird up.
My mind was weird, making up its weird rules without much logic. Going to the beach and seeing semi-naked people was fine, but sitting with a bikini girl on the same towel was not.
Watching porn was fine. But seeing Lisa walking around in nothing but panties? It felt intimate. Boundaries crossed. I had a big thing with boundaries. Even when I could be with naked girls. My mind didn't like that even if my body did.
It wasn't like I wanted this.
I wanted to be confident and outgoing like Tony. I wanted to be having a lot of sex like Tony. And I really really wanted to have sex with Lisa.
But I felt uncomfortable with physical contact. When in close proximity with others, it felt like bugs crawling up my skin. And once I started to feel uncomfortable, my body and mind tensed up. I wanted to run away. I usually did.
By 8:53pm, I was spiraling.
I was already dressed in swimming shorts but in the last thirty minutes, I changed my mind every few seconds.
Aside from Lisa's weird request, I knew this was the opportunity for me to learn to be more comfortable.
Lisa was the best person to help me. She had helped me to be able to talk to others like a normal human being. She had helped me to be comfortable looking at her in the eye when I talked to others. She had helped me to resist the urge to run away at the slight discomfort. Mostly.
And now Lisa was offering to have sex with me. I could always refuse, but then Lisa would find someone else and the offer would be gone forever.
Without Lisa's help, I might never get laid. And I want to get laid. Especially with Lisa.
And I rather do butt stuff with Lisa than let another guy do butt stuff with her.
So at 8:57pm, I forced myself out of the room and walked up the stairs.
Just before I reached the rooftop, I heard them talking about me. I paused and listened.
"Do you think Ken will go for it?" Lisa asked.
"You're Ken-Whisperer," Tony said. "You tell me."
"Thinking about this now, I'm not sure if this is a good idea," Lisa said.
"Isn't it a bit too late for that?" Denise asked.
"What if he starts having feelings for me?" Lisa said.
"Girl," Denise said, "he's already in love with you."
"He's not!" Lisa snapped. "How many times do I have to say this? We're just very good friends."
"You're in denial," Denise said. "You do know the way he looks at you right?"
"That's because he's comfortable with me," Lisa replied.
"Because he likes you," Denise said.
"Because I'm nice to him!" Lisa yelled.
"What do you think, Tony?" Denise asked.
"It doesn't matter much to me. I'm not the jealous type. I don't have an issue if he does. It's not like he's going to steal my girlfriend away," Tony said. "But for argument's sake, so what if he's in love with you?"
"I don't want to have to reject him," Lisa said.
Ouch. I knew she would never go for me, but hearing it like that hurt a lot.
"Then don't," Tony said. "It's not like we're monogamous or anything."
Hearing Tony didn't have a problem with me falling in love with his girlfriend was... strangely comforting.
"Even if we assume I like him that way, he may not be open to non-monogamy," Lisa said. "You should know best what kind of family he came from."
"I do, but he's not as traditional as his family," Tony said. "Especially if he agrees to have anal sex with you."
Traditional was putting it mildly. But Tony knew exactly what my family was and knew my thoughts on my family better than everyone else, even Lisa.
"There's a big difference between sodomy and non-monogamy," Lisa said.
"What's the difference?" Denise said.
They all laughed.
"Do you really think he's already in love with me?" Lisa asked.
"He's definitely infatuated with you," Denise said.
"Maybe I shouldn't be his first..." Lisa said.
Shit. Was I too late? Should I have agreed earlier? I really want to have sex with Lisa.
"I could help," Denise said.
"You?" Lisa scoffed. "You'll scare him away."
"Hey, I've taken several virginities before," Denise replied. "And they all came out fine. A few of them more than fine."
They laughed again.
"That's because they are dying to lose their virginities," Lisa said. "They would do it at first the opportunity. And they did."
"You think Ken's different?" Denise asked. "If you just drop your panties in front of him and ask him to have sex with you, you think he won't go for it?"
"He didn't even want me to take off my top just now," Lisa said. "I think he would prefer to take it slow, maybe a little romance first."
"Why don't you just ask him?" Tony said. "Much easier than going around in circles talking about it right?"
"He's not as confident as you, Tony," Lisa said.
"But he tells you everything right?" Tony said.
"I don't think he tells me everything," Lisa said. "Just more than most people."
"Before we continue talking about this," Denise said, "is he even joining us here? If not, I rather go to the room and fuck."
"I'll go check," Lisa said.
I quickly crept back down the stairs and pretended to walk back up, slowly. By the time I was halfway up the stairs again, Lisa appeared at the top in a bathrobe.
"There you are," Lisa said. "We're wondering whether you're going to join us."
I stopped and looked up. Her long, creamy legs were mouth-watering. "Sorry, I was uh..."
"Don't need to apologize," Lisa said. "Come join us." She smiled at me.
On the rooftop, Tony and Denise were in the hot tub. Tony was topless, but I guessed (and hoped) he wore shorts. It was different to look at him and not be jealous. Broad shoulders and wide chest, with huge biceps. Along with the textbook definition of 'six-pack abs.'
Even in a hot tub, Tony had his usual slick-back hair like a mafia boss.
Denise was in a tiny purple bikini that barely covered her ample breasts. Though her platinum-blonde hair shielded half of my view. She flicked her hair back when she saw me looking and pushed out her chest. She winked.
Denise was tall, slender, and model-like. With very big and round tits, almost too big for her slim frame. If not for the fact I knew her since high school, I'd have thought her tits were fake. They suspended in the air as though they decided that the rules of gravity didn't apply to them.
On top of being one of the hottest girls in school, she was also a big flirt. Slutty and sexually aggressive. I didn't have a problem with that except for the fact she liked to tease and embarrassed me. Even after frequently getting scolded by Lisa.
Living in the same house as her was a nightmare. She frequently wore crop tops that exposed her midriff without a bra, and took every opportunity to brush her tits against me.
Whenever Lisa admonished her for teasing me, Denise would reply it wasn't teasing, it was an invitation. Though I was certain she didn't want to have sex with me. Girls like her didn't want to have sex with guys like me.
"Come in dude," Tony said, gesturing opposite him. Denise sat close beside him with their shoulders touching.
I took the furthest spot away from them and went in. I got to admit, the warm water felt nice on my skin. It was rather comforting. Perhaps I could get used to this.
From the corner of my eye, I could see Lisa removing her robe. I stared down and tried not to peek.
Then Lisa climbed into the tub and her breasts came into view beside me, begging me to look at them.
Like Denise's, Lisa's bikini was tiny. Just two small white triangles covering the nipple areas. The kind of bikini not allowed in public.
I looked up at her and saw she had caught me staring. She gave me a warm smile and I immediately looked away.
I heard Denise chuckle.
"Ken, you can look at me, you know, I don't mind," Lisa said.
I looked back at Lisa's face. She sat so close to me that I felt a rising urge to move away. But I resisted.
Lisa smiled. "I meant you can look at my tits if you want."
"Uh..." I glanced down at her tits then quickly back up at her face again. She was as good as naked. Shit, I was getting aroused.
"How about we play a little game?" Lisa said.
"What game?" I asked, panicking a little now.
"For the remainder of tonight, you can stare at our tits all you like," Lisa said.
"Uh..." I glanced down at her tits again. Her bikini top were nothing more than strings. I looked back up to her face.
"You like looking at our tits right?" Lisa asked.
I swallowed hard. "They are... uh... very nice."
Denise laughed. "Gosh, he's so cute, I want to bring him to bed and rape him."
"Denise!" Lisa said in an admonishing tone.
"Sorry," Denise said, trying to hide her laughter.
"Anyway," Lisa said. "You can look at our tits whenever you want."
"Uh, thanks," I blurted out. Denise laughed again. Shit. I said thanks. Was that weird? That must be weird.
"Just treat this like practice. You just need more practice," Lisa said. "We've talked about this."
"Uh, right," I managed.
So the practice today was to be able to comfortably stare at the girls' tits.
Lisa had taken it upon herself to help me overcome my awkwardness with practice. For a period of time, she would ask me to stare into her eyes for one minute every day, until I could withstand not averting my gaze. Then the practice would progress to two minutes, three minutes, five minutes.
Another practice she made me do was to walk up to a random girl, comment 'nice shoes,' look her in the eye, smile, then walk away. It had taken me a long time to get comfortable with that. I still wasn't. But now I could at least pretend to be like a normal human being. I was surprised by how effective Lisa's practices were.
"Do you want champagne?" Lisa asked.
"I just took Benzo. Not a good idea to take it with alcohol," I said.
But even if I hadn't taken medication I stayed away from alcohol as much as possible. After my favorite uncle died in a car accident while drunk driving when I was young, I had vowed not to touch alcohol.
"Just a little is fine. We'll take care of you," Lisa said. She poured me a glass and I took it reluctantly.
"What should we cheers to?" Lisa asked.
"To our tits," Denise said. Lisa shot her a disapproving look.
"What?" Denise asked, scandalized. "It's not inappropriate right?"
They laughed. I couldn't help but chuckle a little as well.
For the next hour or so, we just talked about the usual stuff. College, friends, high school, things of no consequence. Or rather, they talked while I mostly listened. Like I tended to do whenever I'm with them. Once in a while, Lisa would pull me into the conversation.
Between the Benzo, the alcohol, and the hot tub, I got to admit I was having a good time. It was one of the better nights I had.
I didn't stare at their tits, but I didn't deliberately avoid my gaze either. I blamed it on the alcohol, though I did like looking at their tits. Very much.
It was hard not to like. They were very fine sets of tits.
Besides, I needed more practice.
----
"Dude, you alright?" Tony asked when it was just the two of us in the tub.
Lisa and Denise had gone to the pool to cool off. I watched them standing at the end furthest end and giggling among themselves. Their breasts shook along with their bodies.
Perhaps I could get used to this. With enough practice.
I turned to Tony. "I think I'm buzzed."
Tony chuckled. "That's a good look on you. You should join us more often, dude."
"One step at a time," I replied, not exactly sure what I was talking about.
"Have you thought of what Lisa asked?"
"You meant the... butt stuff?"
Tony chuckled again. "Yeah, the butt stuff."
"Uh... you're fine with that?"
"Dude, I suggested it," he said.
"You really don't mind me having sex with your girlfriend?" I asked.
"Do you?" Tony asked.
"Uh..." Shit. I couldn't think straight. What was the right answer here? Would Tony mind If I confess I want to have sex with his girlfriend? What if this was a test and he got angry?
"I know how you feel about Lisa," Tony said. "Ever since we became friends."
Shit. I needed to think. "Was it... really that obvious?"
"I didn't go after her at first out of respect for you dude. But when I saw you were not going to do anything, I made my move."
"Uh... it's not like she liked me anyway."
"Maybe she did," Tony said. "But you missed out on the chance to find out."
"She said..." I stopped myself. Shit, I almost confessed to eavesdropping on them.
"For the record, I know you overheard us earlier."
"You... knew?" I asked.
Tony nodded. "I saw you. Again, I didn't say anything out of respect for you, dude."
I was touched by his loyalty. He knew I liked Lisa and he knew I was listening but he acted like he didn't know. He had always been a great bro. But this was the bro-est of the bro-code.
And my bro even wanted me to fuck his girlfriend. Which I now suspected was more for my benefit than for Lisa's. I wouldn't be surprised if he orchestrated the whole thing just so I could be intimate with Lisa. So that I could get laid. So that I could learn to be comfortable with physical intimacy.
What kind of bro did that?
"Uh... thanks. And sorry, I shouldn't have done that."
Tony waved his hand. "Ken, you need to start learning that in life, you need to work towards what you want. You can't always expect others to spoon-feed you all the time."
I felt like a kid receiving words of wisdom from his father. Tony was always introspective and serious when drunk.
It was probably the alcohol effect, but I decided to shoot back.
"Not everyone got it easy like you."
"Maybe. But I worked at it too."
"Since when?"
"Remember the first year in high school when I started to put on muscle?"
I nodded. He went from a scrawny kid to looking like a gladiator in just a few months.
"Call it genetics or hormones if you like," Tony said, "but I spent a few hours in the gym every day so that nobody messed with me ever again. And so that I could protect my friend."
I was deeply touched. The affection and nostalgia hit me like an animal tranquilizer taking out an elephant.
"So the moral of the story is I should start going to the gym?" I joked.
"Maybe," Ken said, looking at me seriously. "I'm giving you the opportunity to get what you want. You're no longer living under the oppressive rule of your parents. You can have the opportunity to get over your fears. You can lose your virginity and have sex with Lisa if you want. You may have your issues, but you can't say you don't have the opportunity to get through them."
"Uh..." I was lost for words at the generosity and affection of my best friend.
"I'm not going to keep treating you with kid gloves, dude," Tony said. "You're my best friend and I'll always look out for you. But I'm not going to coddle you anymore, Ken. If you want something, I'll support you. But I'm not going to keep trying to be patient with you like Lisa."
Coddle? That was fucking harsh. But I knew what he was saying. And I knew he meant well. "I understand where you're coming from."
Tony jerked his head towards the girls. I turned and looked in the same direction.
They were topless. Their bikini tops untied and thrown carelessly on the floor next to them. A bundle of white and purple strings bundled together. Looking at their naked breasts in all their glory, and they were glorious. I was... enthralled.
"I'm going to go over and suggest we play Chicken Fight," Tony said, pulling my attention back to him. "You can decide whether you want to join us."
With that, Tony stood up, got out of the tub and started to walk toward the topless girls.
Then he stopped and turned back. His expression softened a little.
"Why don't you just join us?" Tony said in a kind voice. "If you don't like it, at least you know. But you won't regret for not giving it a try."
He turned and walked towards the topless girls again.
This was a test. A test to see if I would follow his advice. A test to see if I would take the opportunity in front of me instead of running away.
Chicken Fight meant the girls would be sitting on our shoulders. Which meant their legs would be around my neck. Which meant a lot of physical contacts. Which meant I would probably die from sheer discomfort.
On any other day, I would run away. I was a wimp.
But I didn't want to be a wimp anymore.
Besides the offer to have sex with Lisa, I also didn't want to let my friends down. Everything Tony said was true. They had treated me with kid gloves. Lisa had to protect me most of the time. What kind of girls did that? And what kind of guys allowed girls to do that?
Girls definitely don't like wimpy guys.
So I drank the rest of my champagne, got out of the tub, and started walking toward them. My courage faltered a little when Lisa beamed at me with approval. She was so gorgeous. Even more gorgeous naked.
But I carried on.
And it was a good thing I did. Because it was the first time in my life I found out how much I enjoyed the female naked flesh against mine.
****
Chapter 2: The First Time
****
After trying to avoid eye contact and avoid staring at their naked tits, I mostly forgot about the topless girls once we started playing Chicken Fight.
Mostly.
We started with Lisa on my shoulder and Denise on Tony's.
"Ken..." Lisa said, dragging my name, as she pushed her crotch against the back of my neck. "Hold me tighter!"
We had a few false starts because Lisa kept falling off my shoulders before the fight even began.
Having a girl's legs wrapping around my shoulders was stretching my comfort zone. I was acutely aware of how Lisa's pussy and my neck were only separated by a thin material. It didn't help whenever I thought of how tiny her white bikini thong was.
It was the furthest I've ever gone with a girl.
"Grab my legs," Lisa shouted above me.
"I'm already grabbing your legs," I shouted back.
"Not my ankles. My thighs." Lisa said, a little frustrated now.
I hesitated, then reluctantly complied, gripping her kneecaps, which I thought was the most innocent in this situation.
Somehow, Lisa was able to reach down and move my hands up to her bare thighs. "Hold me tight."
I did, feeling her creamy thighs for the first time. Interestingly, the experience wasn't as uncomfortable as I thought it would be. It was actually enjoyable.
I even forgot to feel anxious.
But I forgot all about that quickly when Tony and Denise approached and the fight started.
We went at it for several rounds. Then we switched over. I lost every time. Even though Tony was the one supporting the girls, he was too strong, too tall, and too fast.
Tony's athleticism extended even in the pool. He could flank me faster than I could turn in the water. Even with a girl on top of him.
Well, at least I did have fun.
"One more?" Lisa asked.
"I choose Tony!" Denise said quickly. I couldn't blame her. I was no match for Tony.
"How about Tony and Ken?" Lisa suggested.
"Girl, we're gonna get our ass raped..." Denise said. "Unless that's the whole idea."
They laughed. I laughed too. The alcohol and benzo were working.
"How about we make the game more interesting?" Tony suggested. "Punishment for the losers."
"I was kidding about getting my ass raped, Tony," Denise said. "Especially not by you."
"Oh!" Lisa said. "How about the losers have to strip naked for the rest of the night!"
"If you want me to get naked, you can just ask." Denise smirked.
Lisa shot her a look. She turned back to me. "Shall we?"
"Uh..." I didn't know which was worse. Seeing the girls naked or being naked myself.
Well, of course I wanted to see the girls naked. But I was already having too much stimulation.
Before I could answer, Tony swam towards me, got underwater, went between my legs, and head-butted me in the groin, pushing me up into the air with his shoulders. I hung on to his head for dear life. It was a wonder I didn't get thrown off.
Well, too late to say no now.
Though Lisa had a curvier body and bigger frame than Denise, Denise was taller. So Denise grudgingly allowed Lisa on her shoulders.
In a normal chicken fight, the two people on top would wrestle with their hands and try to bring the other one down. But Tony being Tony, he'd rather create a situation where there was no contest at all.
Tony's strategy was always the same. He would move towards the opponent, then side-step to their flank or get behind them if he could, while the one on top of him could just push the other pair over, making them lose balance. To Tony, it wasn't a game, it was a competition.
This strategy could only work because Tony was strong and fast enough. He moved faster in water than I moved on land.
Tony was a true pro in Chicken Fight. I supposed he must have a lot of practice with a pool in his mansion.
But the first two times, I couldn't take advantage of Tony's superhuman speed. When we got behind Denise and Lisa, I froze, missing the opportunity. Tony had to move back and try again.
The sight of two topless girls with their bare tits hanging in front of me... it was too much. And when we got behind the girls, Lisa's thong was so small at the back she might as be naked. I could easily push her from behind and topple them, but I didn't dare touch her naked flesh.
I blamed it on the alcohol but I wasn't paying attention. Or rather, I was paying attention to the wrong thing.
"Dude," Tony said from below. "I don't know about you, but I rather see the girls naked."
"Actually, I don't mind seeing two cocks the whole night," Denise said, licking her lips in an exaggerated manner. "Bring them down!"
Denise's words made me regain my focus. Tony was right; if it's a choice, I rather see the girls naked than be naked myself.
By this point, the girls were aware of Tony's tactics. They made sure to cover their flanks. Tony started doing feints, but the girls were determined not to lose.
"Aim for her shoulders," Tony said. I was wondering what he was talking about when he side-stepped a few times then stood face to face with the girls. Lisa wasn't expecting this. Her arms were wide open. I raised my hands and pushed her shoulders between her arms before she had the time to react.
It was a good thing I didn't freeze up when Lisa's naked tits were right in front of my face.
After the girls lost, we sat on the edge of the hot tub and drank more champagne. Then some more.
Somehow they had all forgotten about the punishment.
The combination of the benzo, alcohol, and playing in the waters was starting to take their toll on me. When I said I was feeling tired. Lisa suggested we should lie down on the sunbeds.
So we did. Lisa got me to lie down on the sunbed, undid her bikini bottom, then leaned against me, pushing her naked butt towards my crotch. Before I had the time to realize Lisa was fully naked beside me, she held my hand and wrapped it around her waist.
I was starting to get aroused, so I tried to move away from Lisa. But Lisa held me tighter and pulled my body against hers until my hardened cock was pressing against her butt.
On the other sunbed in front of us, Tony was also spooning a naked Denise, his hand cupping her circular breasts.
By this point, I was wiped out, barely registering what was going on. I was starting to feel the effects of too much alcohol with the benzo. I felt my mind slipping away. Then snapping back before slipping away again.
Sometime during that night, Tony and Denise started having sex in front of us. The rooftop was filled with their moans. I didn't know how they got started.
Lisa turned her body towards me and held me closed. She muttered something and I nodded, though I wasn't fully sure what she said. Then she held my neck with both hands and started kissing me.
It felt like an out-of-body experience. Like I was kissing her and watching myself kissing her at the same time. I was touching her body and saw myself touching her body. At some point she said something again, I muttered something back and then she started to stroke my cock over my shorts.
Then Lisa's hand was on my cock, but my shorts had somehow disappeared.
Then I was flat on my back with Lisa on top of me. My erection sandwiched between our naked bodies. Her massive tits hanging over my head.
She smiled.
----
I woke up with my heart pounding against my chest, with each pound reverberating into the depth of my skull.
The throbbing in my head worsened as I opened my eyes. Like getting repeatedly smashed by two frying pans in a cartoon.
I was lying on my back with a naked Lisa hugging my side. I was also naked, along with an intense morning wood.
I flinched, then tried to remain still when I saw Lisa was still sleeping. She looked like an angel when she slept. Though she was naked, I couldn't see more than what I saw last night with her arms and legs covering her private parts.
It was a good thing though, or I would have jumped out of bed.
I tried to remember how I got naked in bed with Lisa, but my mind was foggy, along with sharp pains like getting pierced by needles.
I remembered at some point Lisa held my hand and brought me to my room. I didn't know how I could walk in that condition.
I didn't remember walking down the stairs naked. I didn't remember getting to bed with Lisa. Millions of thoughts on my mind, along with the most important question of all.
Thankfully Lisa chose to wake up before my mind started spiraling too much.
With her head on my chest, she opened her eyes and looked at me.
"How are you feeling?" she asked softly.
"Um, like getting banged by a bus."
Lisa giggled. She tilted her head and leaned in to kiss me, but I jerked back out of instinct.
"Sorry, I..." Lisa said. "I thought you didn't mind."
"Uh... did we... did we... you know..."
"We didn't have sex last night," she simply said.
"Oh..."
"Are you disappointed?" Lisa asked teasingly with a grin.
"I... I'm glad we didn't," I said honestly.
"Oh, I thought... I thought you wanted to..."
"Uh, not... not when I can't remember anything," I managed to say.
"You... can't remember last night?" Lisa asked, a little horrified.
"I can't remember much after lying on the sun bed."
"Did you... remember us kissing?" Lisa asked hesitantly.
"I did."
"What about us... touching?" Lisa asked.
"Uh... some parts."
"Did you remember me asking you if you want to?" Lisa asked.
"Uh... I don't remember that part," I said.
Lisa opened her mouth, looking a little shocked. Then she got up suddenly. I turned away to not look at her tits.
"Shit! Shit, shit, shit!" she exclaimed. "I'm so sorry, Ken! I... I thought you wanted it! I wouldn't have done... that if I knew you were not lucid. Shit!"
Somehow Lisa was panicking more than me. I winced at her loud voice, feeling the throbbing pain in my temple getting worse, which made Lisa apologize over and over again.
"Uh Lisa... I... it's okay. I probably just need some coffee then I can remember," I said, trying to calm her now. "I'm quite hungover right now."
"Are you... upset over what we did last night?"
"I'm... not."
"That doesn't sound very convincing, Ken. You can tell if I... I made you uncomfortable."
"Uh... I liked what we did," I said. It wasn't exactly the truth, but it wasn't a lie either. I haven't had time to decide how I felt yet. "Honestly."
"Oh," Lisa said. "Did you remember me... touching... you below?"
"I did," I said. "And uh, I liked that."
Lisa looked a little relieved. "We are... still friends right?"
"What? Of course."
----
"You alright dude?" Tony asked as I sat down at the kitchen counter.
Tony was wearing just boxer-briefs today. I've seen him like this often, but I could never get used to the sight of his body. It looked like the angels had sculpted his body and showed the world the definition of 'perfect specimen.' His abs looked like they were custom-made and installed on his body.
And he wasn't even flexing.
"Hangover," I said. My throat was parched.
He chuckled. "Lisa had been panicking. She thinks she raped you."
Lisa went back to her room after she was certain enough I wasn't uncomfortable with what she did. I tried not to stare at her naked ass when she left the room.
"Uh... she didn't."
"Tell her that and give her a hug to reassure her."
"A hug?"
"You have a problem with that?" Tony asked. "You already did more than that last night."
I wanted to say I was drunk last night, but I didn't want them to think Lisa forced herself on me or something like that.
Though if I was honest to myself, if something like this happened to Lisa where she woke up with a guy and couldn't remember what happened last night, I'd have cried rape too.
Had Lisa raped me? I wasn't sure. But I didn't regret over what happened.
And then there was Tony. Tony didn't even mind one bit that I did stuff with his girlfriend. What a strange house I lived in.
"Dude," Tony said, snapping his fingers annoyingly.
I didn't mind when Lisa snapped her fingers. She was gentle. But I didn't like it when Tony did that. I didn't like it when anyone else besides Lisa did that.
"Uh, where's Lisa?" I asked.
"Taking a bath. Remember what I said."
"Reassure her, got it."
"So did you have fun last night?" Tony asked.
"I did."
"No regrets?"
"No regrets," I agreed.
"Denise was wondering if she could start coming down naked today."
"Uh..." Shit, I'd forgotten about that. "If... if she wants."
"Cool, I'll tell her."
That's the difference between Tony and Lisa. Lisa would keep asking if I minded, and made sure I was fully comfortable with it. Tony just accepted it.
I supposed I didn't mind seeing the two girls walking around naked.
I needed more practice.
----
"What's up, kid?" Denise said. "You had fun last night?"
Denise came to the kitchen a short while after Tony left. Despite her request, I was rather glad Denise wasn't naked.
Though she looked more erotic now than last night.
She wore a white crop top so tight, it looked like it was cling-wrapped around her breasts. The top emphasized her braless tits and flat tummy. Below she wore a pink boyshorts panties that made it hard not to look at her butt and long legs.
"I'm not a kid," I said annoyingly, trying not to stare at her.
She always called me a kid, for some reason. Even though we were the same age.
"Woah, the kid has grown up after getting laid."
"Denise!" Lisa yelled as she happened to walk into the kitchen at that time. "We didn't have sex."
She wore a long t-shirt that ended just below her butt. I tried not to guess whether she was wearing panties. Like Denise, she definitely wasn't wearing a bra.
"Really?" Denise smirked. "I remember seeing you stroking his --"
"Denise!" Lisa yelled again and glared at Denise.
Denise lifted her hands in surrender. "Alright, don't need to yell, girl."
----
"Are you comfortable with what we did last night?" Lisa asked me again after breakfast.
She had requested to talk to me again after I had coffee. We sat on the couch in the living room, with a space between us. I deliberately chose the spot furthest away from her.
"Yeah..." I replied. My head still hurts. It was a good thing it was Saturday. I wouldn't have been able to pay attention in class.
"Do you want to do that again?" Lisa asked.
"Now?"
"If you don't mind?" Lisa asked cautiously.
"When you said 'do that again' you meant..."
"Everything."
"Uh..." I liked what we did. Or rather, when I thought about what we did, I liked it. But things were moving too fast for my liking at the moment.
"We can just cuddle first? You're fine with that right?"
I froze. Despite everything I had told them, I still wasn't fully sure if I was fine with it.
"Come here," Lisa said, patting on the spot right beside her.
I paused and considered. Lisa still had a guilty look on her face. The last thing I wanted was for her to panic the whole day about forcing herself on me.
So I moved as close to her as possible without our bodies touching.
"Did you have fun last night?" She asked.
Why did everyone keep asking me that?
"I did."
"Why did you think you did?"
"Uh..." I wanted to say the naked tits. "The champagne?"
"How did you think the champagne helped?"
I really hated being treated like a kid today.
"Lose my sense? My inhibitions?"
"Because you stopped thinking too much and just acted," Lisa said.
"Uh, right." I thought it was the combination of the benzo and alcohol. But we were technically talking about the same thing, I guessed.
"Why don't you try to do that more from now on? We can start now."
"Start... now? Like how?"
"Did you enjoy cuddling with me last night?"
"I did."
"Then just cuddle with me. Don't think. Just do it."
"Right."
"Do you want to kiss me?"
"W-what?"
"If you want to kiss me or touch me, just do it. Don't need to overthink. Don't need to ask. Just act."
"What if--"
"If I feel uncomfortable, I'll tell you."
"Okay..."
"My limit today is anal sex. We can do anything you want, including sex."
On a normal day, I'd already be plotting my escape. I was a wimp when it came to a conversation like this. But today, I was getting annoyed.
"So... what? I just grab you and... and have sex with you?"
"You should make me wet first, but yes."
"I'm... not sure if I'm ready to go that far."
"See, you're thinking again. Don't think."
"But --"
"Don't think about whether you're ready or not. If you want, just do it."
I swallowed hard. I wanted to say the 'just do it part' was the reason why things went out of hand. But it's Lisa. I didn't want to upset her.
"I'll try."
"Good. Now take off your shirt and shorts."
"N-now?"
"Yes now. Do it now."
Just this morning she was afraid she had raped me. Now she was ordering me to strip again.
I shed my shirt and shorts quickly and sat back down. It was only until she asked me to lie horizontally on the couch then I realized I was just in my boxers.
What Lisa said was true. It was easier to just act instead of thinking about it. And with my head pounding in my skull, I didn't have the opportunity to overthink and let my mind jump to the negative.
Lisa got me to reposition my body such that I was leaning on my left side, my back pressed against the backrest of the couch.
"Close your eyes," Lisa said as stood over me.
With me lying down on my left side, in order to look at her face, I also had to look at the swell of her breasts that her shirt couldn't hide.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Just close your eyes," Lisa ordered. "Don't open them until I say you can. Do it now."
I closed my eyes, mostly so I didn't have to look at her breasts.
With my eyes closed, my headache and the fact that I was almost naked was very pronounced. I was afraid of what Lisa might do. She was definitely behaving weird today.
"Don't open your eyes and don't speak," I heard Lisa say. "I'm going to remove your boxers. Lift up your butt."
I felt a tug on my boxers before I could protest. But my hip raised on its own and I felt my boxers traveling down my legs and out of my ankles.
Knowing that I was fully naked now, I was too scared to open my eyes or speak.
But I was also starting to get aroused. For some reason.
Lisa took my left hand which I was leaning on and laid it perpendicular to the couch, with my wrist dangling over the cushion.
Then I felt her body against mine, with her butt pressing against my crotch. I opened my eyes out of instinct, while my body jerked away from hers. But I was trapped between her body and the back of the couch.
Lisa was fully naked beside me. This situation was starting to become eerily familiar.
She looked over her shoulder and frowned. "You're not supposed to open your eyes, Ken."
"Um, Lisa, what are you doing?"
"We're going to cuddle."
"Um..." I looked up towards the stairs. We were in the living room, which meant Tony and Denise could come down anytime.
"Don't worry, they're taking a nap in Denise's room," Lisa said. "They won't bother us today."
She wiggled and adjusted her body. Her neck was lying on my left arm. Then she took my right and draped it over her body.
"Don't move," Lisa said again as she turned her head away from me. "I'm going to lube myself."
She reached out to the coffee table and took a bottle of lube in her hand. Since when was there a bottle of lube on the table? It definitely wasn't there when I first sat down.
Lisa squirted a copious amount of lube on her hand and reached down between her legs to apply them. Even though I couldn't see what her hands were doing, I was getting hard. I tried to jerk my hip back again but there wasn't any space.
By the time she had finished applying lube to her sex, my cock was already standing at attention and poking her butt.
Lisa's hand reached between her legs and gripped my cock. Then she positioned my mushroom head between the gap in her legs.
I couldn't see where my cock was pressing against, but I had an idea.
"Can I push it in?" Lisa asked, still gripping my cock.
"Lisa, what --"
"Just say yes, Ken. Tell me I can push it in."
"Um..."
"You can say no if you don't want to. But I want you to say yes."
"Can we --
"Say yes," Lisa said firmly. "Do it now. Say it."
"I..."
"Ken, do you want to have sex with me or not? If you do, just say yes."
This very much felt like rape to me. Or at least coercion. But I was too aroused to care at the moment. I did want to have sex with her.
"... Yes," I muttered.
She pushed the head in and moaned. Only the head was in. It felt... very warm.
She jerked her hip back and forth, which I guessed she was trying to coat the rest of my cock with the lube.
Then I felt more of my cock entering her. Now it felt tight, though soft at the same time. As though my cock was sliding against butter.
I couldn't see what was happening, but I guessed half of my cock was already inside her. But at the moment she seemed satisfied with it.
"Now just hold me and breathe."
----
With my cock half-buried inside Lisa, I tried to calm down.
It helped that my brain wasn't working today. Or I'd be hyperventilating right now.
As I stared at the back of Lisa's blonde hair, I thought of how strangely Lisa was behaving. She usually made sure I was comfortable first before proceeding.
Now it seemed like she was just taking control without asking. As though she was determined that we had sex no matter what.
I wondered if her sudden aggression got to do with last night. Perhaps she wanted us to have sex so that she could assuage her guilt. If we had sex and I liked it, then it would just mean I had wanted to have sex with her all along. So she didn't really force herself on me.
So in a weird way, by forcing herself on me now, she could convince herself she didn't force herself on me last night.
My head hurt just thinking about that fact. I wanted to ask her about it. But I was afraid she would start feeling guilty again.
In any case, I was really, really enjoying this. Who wouldn't? Being inside a pussy was what I thought of constantly, especially Lisa's.
The feeling was... indescribable. Even better than with my hands. Exquisite. Or more like divine. Though my father would have me flogged for using the word that way.
Lisa pushed her hip back again, until her butt was pressed against my pelvis. We both moaned at her movement, with me grabbing her stomach tightly.
I was finally fully inside her.
I often wondered how my first sexual experience would be like. Being naked and intimate with a girl... I felt anxious thinking about that. Just the thought alone made me feel uncomfortable, no matter how arousing that mental image was.
But strangely, I didn't feel uncomfortable. It was the opposite of comfortable.
I liked being inside a pussy.
----
"Are you feeling alright?" Lisa looked over her shoulder and asked, after we spent a few minutes cuddling in silence, with my cock buried inside her.
"Yeah..."
"No freaking out?"
"No... It's... it's nice."
"Really?" She arched her brows. "You like this?
"... Yes."
She giggled. "Then we should do this more."
"Um... s-sure."
"No regrets?"
"Um... you didn't really give me a chance to choose."
Lisa winced. "I thought you would freak out if I gave you an option."
"I'd have," I admitted.
"You don't mind me doing this, do you?" she asked hesitantly.
"Um... I don't think anyone would mind."
She giggled again. "It's nice, isn't it?"
"Um, very," I agreed.
She smiled. "I'm glad you liked it then."
"Are you... alright?" I decided to ask.
"Yeah... just tired. And a little headache."
"Hangover?"
"Maybe? But we didn't really drink that much last night."
"I thought we did. My head hurts a lot."
She giggled again. "At least we had fun last night, right?"
"Um... actually I hadn't really had the chance to think about last night yet."
"Hey, don't think," Lisa said. "Just enjoy. You're enjoying yourself now, right?"
I wondered how many times Lisa was going to ask me that question. Perhaps she was still feeling guilty. "Very much," I said, trying my best to reassure her.
"Good."
----
"Ken?" Lisa said. I didn't know how long we remained on the couch like this. I guessed perhaps more than ten minutes. Maybe closer to twenty.
By this point, I had reached a state of zen. My headache had mostly subsided. I was feeling good. But who wouldn't feel good in this situation? Having Lisa's naked body against mine was so comforting.
I hugged her body close to mine. My left hand reached around her shoulders. My right around her smooth tummy. I don't think there's anything else better than hugging her from behind and being inside her like this.
I was still trying to get used to the idea I was actually inside Lisa.
"Hmmm?" I asked.
"Do you think you can... thrust a bit?" Lisa asked.
"Thrust?"
"You know, in and out. That's what people do when they have sex."
"Oh... I know what sex is... geez... I just..."
Lisa giggled. "You just?"
"I didn't... like... actually think we would be having sex," I said.
"Your cock is inside me. I'm no expert but the evidence suggests it."
I laughed. "I'm really bad at this."
"Nonsense, you just need more practice," she said reassuringly.
Practice. I liked this practice. I could do more practice like this.
"That's another way of saying I'm bad, isn't it?" I asked.
"Well, sex with everyone is different. It also gets better over time. Nobody's perfect, not even Tony."
"I'm pretty sure Tony won't forget to thrust when... when he's already inside."
She gave a little chuckle. "Actually this is really nice like this... it's different. But nice."
"You don't have to placate me. I know I'm not a stud."
"I'm serious!" Lisa turned to look at me. "Most guys would just hammer away immediately like a pile driver."
"A pile driver doesn't hammer," I replied drily.
She laughed. "You know what I mean. A lot of guys just come too quickly."
"Oh shit" I jerked my hip back and away from her but I was trapped.
"What?" Lisa asked quickly. "Did you come? If you did, don't worry, it's fine.
"No, it's not that."
"Then what? Talk to me."
"Uh, I forgot to wear a... a condom," I said.
"Oh!" Lisa exclaimed. "Don't worry I'm on birth control pills."
"But what about... uh..."
"I take STD tests every few months if that's what you're worried about. I can also take another one this week if it makes you feel better."
"Uh... That's not what I meant..."
"Then what did you mean?"
"I was going to say pills are not 100%."
"Even condoms are not 100%. But if it makes you feel better, we can wear it if you want. But I'd rather not."
"Uh... why not?"
"I hate condoms," Lisa said. "One of the reasons why I don't have sex with random guys. I need to trust that he's clean."
"Is that... the reason why you want to have sex with me? Because I'm a virgin?"
"What? Of course not. It helps that I know you're clean but that's not the reason."
"Then what's the reason?"
"Ken, don't spiral again. I've already told you it's because I trust you."
"But..."
"Ken," she said sharply. "If it makes you feel better, I actually don't enjoy having sex with virgins. That's Denise thing."
"Can I ask why not?"
"If they're inexperienced, they don't know how to fuck properly. And they tend to come very quickly. I'm actually surprised you haven't come yet. Most virgins don't last this long when they're inside me."
"Uh, I also don't know how to fuck properly."
"You can learn. Everyone starts off as a virgin."
"But you said..."
"Ken!" Lisa yelled. "Stop it. How about we just start fucking instead of talking about it?"
"Uh, right."
She pushed her hip back a couple of times. I felt the familiar feeling of masturbating. Except she was masturbating me with her pussy. Definitely better than with my hands.
"Just follow my movement," Lisa said. "Back and forth. In and out."
I followed her rhythm. Shit, my first sexual experience didn't disappoint. It was even better than I thought it would be.
Maybe if I knew how good sex was, I'd have been more open to it much earlier.
I pulled my hip back then jerked it forward, feeling my cock gliding into her. Then pulled back and pushed it in again.
"Am I... doing it right?"
"Less talking... More thrusting..."
I talked less and thrust more. I didn't know what I was doing. Sure, I watched porn. But porn made it seem so easy.
"You can go faster... and harder..."
I tried to go faster and harder. But it was difficult to do it spooning like that.
"Hold my hip for more leverage..."
I held her hip and pulled her hip towards me each time I thrust. I felt her butt bounce against my skin each time. It was so good.
"Longer strokes... that's... that's it."
She started panting harder. "You're doing good..."
She reached back and held my hip "Stop for a moment..."
I stopped immediately. "Did I do something wrong?"
"No... I want to change position."
----
"You can look at my tits, you know," Lisa said. "Come on, look."
After saying she wanted to change position, Lisa got me to sit up and then immediately straddled me, impaling herself on my cock even before I even had the time to watch it disappearing into her pussy.
With us in cow-girl position, the first thing I did was to stare at her massive tits. Teardrop-sized and glorious. I've seen her bare boobs a few times now but never this close.
They were perfect.
Then I felt ashamed and immediately looked up at her face. She was amused. I stared into her green eyes and then suddenly felt very awkward.
I had always been uncomfortable with eye contact, especially this close. Over the years, I had gotten comfortable with looking Lisa in the eye whenever I talked to her. But being this close to her plus the fact we were naked and have sex was too much.
So I stared at her neck instead. It was the safest place for me to look at.
But when a naked girl sitting on your cock asked you to look at her tits, the polite thing to do was to look.
So I looked at her tits, less ashamed of myself this time.
"Now touch them," Lisa said.
"Are you sure?" I asked, looking up at her eyes, then down at her tits again to avoid eye contact.
She giggled. "Surer than having your cock in my pussy. We're already fucking, Ken. You can at least touch my tits."
She held my hands and brought up to cup her breasts. So soft. I lifted them up a little. They were heavy. How could women stand up straight with their boobs so heavy?
"You like?"
"There's nothing not to like," I answered honestly.
She giggled again. "A girl likes to hear that. When you don't touch a girl's tits during sex, or even look at them, she may think you don't like it. It's rude."
I didn't want to be rude. "I... like them very much."
"Show me how much you like them."
I tried squeezing them. I didn't know what I was doing. How do you play with breasts? Porn made it too easy.
"Uh, am I doing it right?"
"Not bad," Lisa said. "But I really want to ride you now."
"Okay..."
"Hold my hip."
I held her hip.
She put her hands on my shoulders and started riding me. I watched her boobs bounce up and down in front of my face. It was hypnotic. I never understood why guys liked looking at bouncing breasts until now.
She started moaning with each stroke, a delicious sound to my ears.
Her body was like a union that decided all the fat on her body should only go to her breasts and her butt. The rest of her body was declared the no-fat zone. She was curvy with not an ounce out of place, as declared by the union.
I looked down and watched my cock disappearing and reappearing between her lips. Her lips dragging up and down along my shaft, gripping me tight. So erotic.
Her pussy looked so perfect at close up. Fully shaven. The most beautiful thing. How could anyone be this beautiful?
Lisa suddenly stopped. "Ken," she said sharply.
"Hmmm?" I looked up at her face. She was frowning.
"Can you... get out of... your head?" Lisa said between breaths. "It's rude."
"Huh?"
"You're supposed to be enjoying this," Lisa said.
"I am,"
"You're not. You're in your head," Lisa said. "Don't think. Feel!"
"Uh, sure," I said, not exactly sure what she meant.
"Feel my naked body against yours. Feel your cock in and out of my pussy. Feel how good to be inside my pussy. We're fucking. Feel how good it feels to be fucking me. Get out of your head and feel!" Lisa said a little angrily.
"Sorry..."
"Feel this," she said. I felt my cock getting squeezed inside her. Damn... Like my hands but better. So warm and so tight. So... exquisite.
She slowly rocked her hip back and forth.
"You feel that?"
"Yeah..." I said, as I felt the pleasure radiating from my cock.
She sped up the movement of her hip. I let out an exhalation.
"Good?" She said without missing a rhythm.
"Yeah..." I moaned. The wave of pleasure was coming on stronger now with each stroke.
She gradually increased her speed. I started moaning alongside her.
"Use your hip... fuck me back..."
I jerked up my hip, matching her movement. Each thrust like fireworks in my brain.
"Fuck..." Lisa moaned. She sped up again, lifting her hip all the way until my mushroom head was just inside her, then she dropped back down fully, with my hip pushing up to keep hers.
"Urgh... urgh... urgh... urgh..."
Lisa moaned louder and faster as she rode me. Her pussy squeezed my cock tighter and tighter, her thigh pressed against mine as she kneeled on the couch.
We went at it like this. I was lost in pleasure. Such a simple thing we're doing. Yet so much pleasure. How could there be so much pleasure from one simple act like this?
"Mmmph!" She screeched as her pussy clenching tight against my erection, squeezing me hard. I moaned in response. Then her hip started jerking. Legs shaking. Was this what spasm was?
She let out a loud cry, leaning against my chest and squeezing me tightly against hers, the walls of her pussy clamping hard on my cock. Her hip jerked up again, more violently this time.
She continued to squeeze tightly against me as she rode her orgasm, rocking her hip back and forth. I hugged her back tightly, savoring the first time making a girl come.
I liked it.
Eventually, she relaxed her grip on my neck and pulled back a little. I felt her pussy releasing her grip on my cock.
Panting hard, she looked at me. Then she leaned in to kiss me. I opened my mouth to allow her tongue in, feeling a jolt whenever her tongue flickered against mine. I kissed her hungrily back. I wrapped my arms around her lower back, pulling her closer. I wanted more of her.
More than anything else in this world, I had always wanted to kiss Lisa. I snaked my tongue into my mouth, playing with hers. It was my first kiss. I didn't know what I was doing. But I didn't care. I was kissing Lisa.
She started rocking her hip again. I moaned into her mouth as I felt waves of pleasure on my cock rising again. We continued to kiss as we fucked. It was slower this time, but with more passion.
I felt her making circular motions with her hip and my pleasure escalated.
"Ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh-ugh!" I wound up grunting as I thrust up into her. My body shook with pleasure with each thrust. She moaned right back into my mouth as my cock slid in and out of her.
She sped up again, faster and faster, until I felt her hip jerking again. Her pussy squeezed hard again, followed by the tremors in her pussy as another orgasm swept across her body at the same time.
"Mmmph!" She screamed into my mouth as she came again. Her body shook more violently this time. We held each other tightly until her orgasm subsided.
She pulled her head back and looked me in the eye again. We were both panting hard. I tried to maintain eye contact with her but eventually averted my gaze down. It was still too much for me. I watched her breasts heave as we caught our breath.
She got off me and hugged my side, leaning her head on my shoulder. She looked down at my cock.
Still hard.
"Did you come?" she asked.
"Uh, no," I said.
She frowned a little. "You... know what it means to come right?"
I wanted to roll my eyes at her.
"I'm a virgin... I meant I was... but I mas... masturbate, Lisa. Of course I know what ejaculation is."
She giggled. "Sorry. Do you usually take that long to come?"
"What's considered long?"
"More than ten, fifteen minutes?"
"Usually longer than that."
"Longer than that?" She arched her brows. "So you just jack off for... what, twenty, thirty minutes without even coming once?"
"Uh... sometimes longer but yeah... Is that normal?"
"When guys masturbate, they usually come faster because their goal is to get off. But during sex, it depends."
"Oh... So I'm weird?"
"Of course not," she assured me. "Being able to last very long is a good thing. Denise would really like that. Most guys come too quickly. Especially virgins."
"I thought you said Denise likes virgins?"
"She likes to seduce virgins," she said. "It's more of a dominance thing. But usually she likes guys to last very long. Once she starts having sex, she doesn't want to stop. Most girls prefer a guy who can control their ejaculation long enough for them to get off first. I've already gotten off twice. It's a good thing, Ken."
"Oh... Good to know."
"So are you close?"
"Close?" I asked.
"Close to coming."
"Not really," I said
She frowned again. "You're still taking the full dosage of anti-anxiety medication right?"
I nodded. "Every day."
"Are you also still on antidepressants?"
"Yeah..." I was taking at least four different pills a day. Sometimes more if my condition became unbearable.
"Some medications make it harder for you to come," she said. "Especially if you're taking a few of them at the same time."
"Oh... Is it going to be a problem?"
"Well, some guys might have trouble getting hard and maintaining an erection on antidepressants. But since you can remain hard, it can be a good thing if you like to last longer in bed and please girls. Denise would be very pleased." She smirked a little.
"Uh, right."
"So you masturbate often?"
"Yeah..."
"Every day?"
"Almost."
"Do you watch porn?"
"Um, I'm not sure if I'm comfortable talking about that"
"We're already having sex. There should be no more secrets between us."
"Are you sure it works that way?"
She giggled. "Come on... Maybe we can enact one of your favorite porn scenes and help you to come faster."
"It's... not necessary. I don't mind... not coming. This is enjoyable enough."
"You gonna have girls begging to fuck you when they hear that." She grinned.
"I don't want to have sex with other girls."
"Of course you do. Let me take a break then we can go again if you want."
"Um, it's okay..."
"I haven't had sex with a guy without them coming before," she said. "I'm not going to start now."
"Uh... if I really want I can make myself come faster... with my hands."
"Like how?"
"G-grip it very hard and jerk off very fast."
"Are you saying my pussy's not tight enough?" She frowned.
"No!" I said quickly. "Uh, I'm just... weird."
She giggled. "I'm just teasing you. And no, I'm not going to let you jerk off for your first sexual experience. It's rude."
"I really don't mind..."
"Is there a position you like to try?"
"Uh, I might have a few."
"Doggy style?"
I swallowed. "Yeah..."
"I want to suggest we do it in your room, but I'm afraid you will bail out on me suddenly."
"Uh, I won't."
"Promise?"
I nodded.
"Then let's go to your room and fuck."
----
Lisa held my hand and dragged me into my room and onto my bed. She kneeled on all four and asked me to fuck her immediately.
I compiled. The moment I pushed inside her, she asked me to fuck her hard.
"Urgh... harder... urgh... harder..."
I pounded her from behind harder and harder. Then she asked me to go faster. So I went faster and faster.
I held on to her hip as I tried to fuck her as hard and as fast as possible. I didn't know doggy style was so tiring. It was like sprinting to catch a bus. I was starting to get out of breath, but Lisa kept urging me on and on, determined to make me come.
"Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck," she moaned as I felt my pelvis smacking against her butt. Lisa seemed to really like this position. She was moaning as though it was the best experience of her life. It was thrilling to hear her moan like this.
I felt like a stud.
I took a moment to appreciate how her butt jiggled each time I penetrated her hard. Such an amazing sight to fuck her from behind like this. The contrast between her narrow waist and big butt was a great hangover cure.
I was starting to understand why guys like doggy-style. I was in control of how I could fuck her. Her body was mine to savor. Then I caught myself and tried to get out of my head before I got scolded again.
She came again before I could, screaming so loudly that for a moment, I was afraid a SWAT team would barge in the house.
"Wow... that was... wow..." she panted. I held her hip with my cock fully buried inside her. I could feel her pussy contracting with each tremor, like she was massaging my cock.
I took a moment to appreciate the sensation my cock was feeling while her body continued to quiver. The juxtaposition of soft and tight at the same time sent delight in my brain. My butt involuntarily clenched in response.
I decided I really liked having my cock inside Lisa, especially when she came.
"Are you... close?" she asked, after the tremor stopped.
"Not yet," I said.
"I need to take a break..."
"Okay."
She collapsed onto the bed, taking my cock out of her as she lay down. I admired her butt as we caught our breath, looking at the delicious gap between her butt and her legs. A thigh gap. A nice place to put my cock between. I still can't believe I was having sex with such a gorgeous girl.
She turned her head back to look at me. "Come lay on top of me. You can fuck me like this."
I sat on the back of her thigh, held my cock down, and entered her again, causing her to groan. Then I lay down fully on top of her, pushing my cock fully inside. My turn to groan.
"You like this?" she asked.
"This feels... nice."
"You can fuck me like this," she said again.
So I fucked her like this, just using my hip to thrust. It felt so good to lie on top of her and fucked like this. I started moaning with each thrust.
"Urgh... you... like this... huh?"
"Yeah..."
"Keep going... try longer strokes... harder when you bottom out."
I tried long strokes. Lifting my hip up and pushing down all the way in again, pressing hard when I bottomed out. We moaned in unison.
I thrust into her again and again. I felt my orgasm starting to rise, higher and higher, until I was reaching the peak.
"Lisa... I'm... close."
"Come inside me, Ken!" she moaned.
I hammered her for another few more strokes, then shut my eyes and held myself at maximum penetration, grunting in relief as I felt the dam broke and the flood gushed out of me and into her. Lisa pushed her hip back to meet mine, pressing her butt tightly on my pelvis. I pressed as hard as I could into her as I lost myself into the orgasm.
----
"Good?" she asked, after I fully collapsed my weight on hers, fully spent.
"Yeah..." I groaned. I didn't expect how good it was to ejaculate inside a pussy. It was addictive.
She giggled. "Better than masturbating?"
"No... comparison..."
She giggled again. "We can do this more often."
My cock flexed inside her at the words 'more often.' I could definitely do this more often.
I needed more practice.
"Do you mind if we stay like this for a while? I... really like this."
"Yeah, I like this too. It feels good for me."
I lay on top of her and enjoyed my body pressing down against her, my cock still hard inside her pussy. Her pussy. It felt like I had won a lottery to be inside Lisa's pussy.
This was the first time that not only was I not uncomfortable with physical touch, I was also fully at ease.
I was relaxed. Comfortable. And felt so good. It was like taking benzo but... but much better. I think I could really, really get used to this.
More than just getting used to it, I wanted more. A high that I've never experienced before. I didn't know I could feel so good like this. Like, it was the first time in my life I felt the closest to being happy.
"Lisa?"
"Hmmm?"
"Do you mind... uh... do you mind if I... go again?"
"You going to come again?"
"I meant... uh, thrusting"
"Oh! Knock yourself out."
I knocked myself out and started thrusting again.
---
"So you like this position huh?" she asked after I came a second time.
"Uh... The evidence suggests it."
She gave a chuckle, which caused a tremor in her pussy. "Do you feel safe when you're on top like that?
"Yeah... like I'm in control... and... like..."
"Like?"
"Like you're... mine."
"Like I'm yours to use as you please?"
I had meant that she was literally mine. Her body for my pleasure. Her pussy for my cock to fuck. She was mine.
But I was relieved she thought I meant something else. I had almost blurted out how much I was in love with her.
"Yeah... something like that," I said.
We continued to lie together with me on top of her, enjoying our post-orgasmic bliss.
----
"Is this different when you have sex with Tony?" I asked.
I could feel her chest heaving underneath me. I could do this all day.
"Of course. Sex with everyone is different," she said. "But it's not worse with you if that's what you're asking. Everyone's different."
"Does the size matter... a lot?"
"It does," Lisa said. Then she added quickly. "But so is the shape as well. Yours is thick, especially the base."
"Is that a good thing?"
"Oh, it is!" Lisa assured me. "It's actually very nice. I like your cock in me like this."
"Uh, thanks."
"You're supposed to say you like my pussy too."
"I... was?"
She giggled. "What's more important is to find a position that works for you. For you and your partner. This works for you, actually. I feel very... stuffed."
"In... a good way?"
"The best possible way."
"Uh, good to know."
"Denise's going to want you to fuck her after I tell her about this."
"Uh, you're going to tell her?"
"Of course. She's my best friend. I tell her everything."
"And uh, what should I do if... uh... she wants to have sex with me?"
"You'll fuck her of course," Lisa said matter-of-factly.
I swallowed hard. "What if I don't want to?"
"Nonsense. Of course you want to. She's so hot. Everyone wants to fuck her."
I ignored the comment about 'everyone wants to fuck her.' I know Lisa and Denise always had sex together. Everyone knows that.
"Um, so you have no problem with me having sex with Denise?"
"Why not?" Lisa said. "She's a good fuck. One of the best. You'll love fucking her."
This kind of crude talk was common with Denise and Lisa. After being friends with them for years now, I hardly cringe anymore.
"I'm not sure if I'd be comfortable having sex with her."
"Don't worry Ken, I can be there when you have sex with her if you want."
"Uh, like a threesome?"
Lisa turned her head back and smirked. "Are you already thinking of having a threesome? Right after losing your virginity?"
"N-no!" I said quickly. "I was just clarifying."
She smirked again. "A threesome does sound like a good idea. Denise would love it."
I was more interested in having sex with Lisa again than a threesome with Denise.
"Um, what about us?"
"What about us?" she repeated.
"Are we going to... uh... do this again?"
"Of course!" Lisa said. "I love having sex with my friends."
"I don't understand how that works."
"Sex's just sex," Lisa explained. "Sex brings us together. I love being close to my friends."
"I didn't know sex is that simple."
"Sex is enjoyable. We help each other feel good. There's no reason why we shouldn't have sex with friends."
"Uh, right." Still not getting it.
"In any case, we should probably do this a few more times first before we process further."
"Proceed further?"
I liked the idea of "a few more times" but I already thought this was the furthest we could go.
But apparently I was wrong.
"You've not fucked my ass yet."
I swallowed hard.
----
Denise snatched the laptop on my lap, threw it on the couch beside us and straddled me.
She pushed her tits into my face. Even with her crop top on, I could see her sharp nipples on her circular round breasts, like two snow globe on a flat board, with tiny peaks.
"I heard you fucked Lisa really good today," Denise said. "She was impressed."
"Uh, did she?
Having sex with Lisa for the first time was beyond amazing. It was everything I had fantasized and more.
After we had sex and cuddled for a while, she left my room while I spent the rest of the day in bed, reliving the whole thing over and over again. Despite having ejaculated twice, I got hard every time I thought of my time with Lisa.
At dinner time, while we ate pizza in the living room, Denise kept smirking at me. Lisa and Tony acted like nothing had happened. It was very weird.
How do people behave with each other after having sex? I had no idea.
After spending the whole Saturday having sex and thinking about sex, I decided I should at least do some work before I slept. The living room tend to be quiet on a Saturday night. I hadn't expected Denise to come on me like this.
"How about you let me have a ride?" Denise asked. She rocked her hip back and forth on my pelvis, making my cock harder with each stroke.
I froze. Lisa wasn't kidding about Denise wanting a turn.
Even with t-shirt and shorts on, Denise's body felt too good on mine.
"Uh..." I stammered. I glanced down at her crotch, mainly to avoid the eye contact. With just a mini black thong covering her sex, it was tempting. She could be a model if she wanted.
I wondered if she had traded her boy shorts with a thong just to seduce me tonight.
"Or you can fuck me from behind," Denise said sultrily. "You like that, right?"
"Uh..." I stammered again.
One would think that after losing my virginity, I'd be comfortable with physical intimacy like this. And I'd take up Denise's offer for sex.
Especially with a body like Denise's. Her body was made for gracing the cover of magazines. The kind of body boys masturbated to. The kind I'd masturbated to.
In high school, Denise's nicknamed was 'titsticks,' which was short for 'tits on a stick.' Thin with big, round tits.
Though for anyone looking at her, the word 'stick' wasn't the first time that came to mind. It was 'fuckable.'
Very fuckable.
But I couldn't just whip out my cock and and fuck her. I wasn't built like that. Or at least my mind wasn't, even if my body really liked that idea. Maybe in time, with more practice. But not now.
"Denise, I --"
"Hush," she said. "You want me right?"
"I..."
"I'm even tighter than Lisa," Denise said. "Can you imagine how nice it would feel to have your cock inside me?"
"Uh, how... how do you know that?"
"My pussy's so tiny you can barely fit your fingers inside me."
I wondered how Tony's monster cock fit inside.
"I... I don't think I can do it now."
She humped her thong-covered pussy against my erection a couple of times. "The evidence suggests otherwise."
"I'm tired... I was about to go to sleep."
"We can sleep together."
"Uh... n-not... not tonight."
"So we're going to fuck tomorrow?"
"Um..." Shit, how do I get out of this? "Denise... Can you... can you not?" I pleaded.
She giggled. "Can I not what?"
"Not... do this."
She looked at me for a moment and chuckled. Then she got off me as quickly as she got on. "Don't keep me waiting, Ken. I want your cock."
Any teenage boys would love hearing those four words. But I cringed instead. Denise was too aggressive for my liking.
She turned around and left. I watched her thong-clad butt walked away from me and up the stairs. Her butt wasn't as big as Lisa. But it was... perky. The kind of perky that would be a delight to do her from behind.
All those hours spent working on her glutes paid off.
Before she disappeared into the second floor, she turned around and winked at me when she caught me staring.
Shit.
Knowing Denise, she was likely going to keep trying to seduce me until I gave in.
Whenever a girl said that a guy was a 'good fuck,' Denise would want to try him for herself.
Apart from Lisa, Denise had a group of friends that recommended guys to each other to fuck. Suffice to say, Tony came highly recommended.
I never thought girls like that actually existed in real life. They enjoyed great sex, were not possessive, and unashamed about what they wanted.
What's more, they seemed to have turned the table on their male counterparts. These girls judged guys based on their looks, cocks, and how good they were in bed. They compared notes and gave each guy a rating.
"Brad's huge, but he doesn't know how to use it. Just fucking lie there and expect me to do all the work."
"Andy wasn't bad. A bit on the smaller side but compensated with his hands and mouth. Know how to use his cock to hit all the right angles too."
Coming to college was an even bigger eye-opener. Ezra was the president of a sorority called La Pute, which was known for promoting polyamorous lifestyle.
Strictly speaking, La Pute wasn't solely focused on polyamorous. It was a radical feminist group that taught women to take back power from men when it came to love and sex. The direct translation of La Pute literally meant 'slut' or 'whore'.
One of La Pute's doctrines was to rewrite the traditional rulebook of relationship and sex. Instead of women being the passive one, they encouraged women to take the initiative instead. Rather than waiting for men to hit on women, women were taught to approach, flirt and seduce men that they wanted to date or fuck.
La Pute also dictated that the negative and insulting terms like 'slut,' 'whore,' 'skank' or 'promiscuous' were a good thing. Calling a woman promiscuous was a high praise. A progress in their vision to help women take back control.
Because of these, La Pute were said to be where all the most attractive and promiscuous college girls gathered. I supposed it made sense. Girls who loved sex were often slut-shamed. La Pute learned to embraced their sluttiness. They wielded their bodies as a weapon instead of seeing it as a weakness.
La Pute also had a list of l' étalon, which literally meant horse. Or commonly known as a stud. A stud was an honorary male member who had been approved by La Pute. A stud that whom could date and fuck.
Any male who was given 'Stud Status' would automatically have tons of college girls wanting to have sex with him. Tony was the biggest of the biggest stud.
I didn't know how a stud was decided by La Pute, but Denise was one of the judges. Part of her job as a judge was to have sex with guys and determine whether he was stud-material.
La Pute started way before we came to college, but Denise was the perfect personification of its ideals. When Denise wanted to fuck a guy, she always got her guy.
So now when Denise had set her eyes on me, and with Lisa encouraging it, it's only a matter of time before she broke through my resistance.
But I wasn't ready for that yet. I was still trying to comprehend all that happened with Lisa earlier.
The reality that I had sex with my biggest crush still hadn't fully sunk in. And Lisa said we were going to keep having sex. Even after coming twice, I got aroused whenever I replayed the memory of fucking Lisa in my mind.
I've also not had the chance to talk to Tony since I had sex with Lisa earlier. I didn't know how he would feel about that. Despite what Lisa and Tony said, the idea that Tony encouraged me to have sex with his girlfriend was weird.
But I reminded myself that Tony, Lisa and Denise were not normal people. The regular rules of sex and relationship didn't apply to them.
Then there's the strange request from Lisa wanting me to help stretch her butt. I got aroused again imagining my cock disappearing to her butt. Her juicy, bubble butt.
I looked around the house to make sure no one else was there. Then I took my laptop, covered it over the bulge on my shorts, got it and went to my room.
I stripped off my clothes and whipped out my cock. It was still very hard. I started stroking it as I replayed the memory of having sex with Lisa.
****
End note: I had plans for this to be a novel-length story. I've already a plot outlined, that includes a lot of orgies and sex parties. I also enjoy exploring the realism of polyamorous relationships and sex based on my own experience (see my bio).
The next few chapters will explore more backstories, world-setting and characters development. Along with more sexy characters.
But first time writing here, so I'm not sure if this is good enough to continue. Let me know if you're interested to read more of my writing.
P.S. I'm also looking for editors and beta-reader. Please DM if you're interested.