CHAPTER 6: MARRIED
My cell phone rings. It is late afternoon on a Thursday, Ronnie finished his project and arrived early. I was lying on top of him after another delirious fuck, his cock still deeply impaling me. So I don't have to move he reaches to the bedside table and hands me the phone.
"Hello?" I ask. I could see on the screen that it was my lawyer. "Yes... yes... that's it?... Thank you! Thank you so much! Thank you."
Ronnie had been watching me curiously, not knowing who was calling. When I ended the call, "Who was that? What's up with that look on your face?"
I was giddy. I kissed his chest, squeezed his cock with my pussy, then reached up to kiss his lips... hard and passionately. Lying on my stomach now made both of us more aware of my advancing pregnancy and it was an awareness we both took joy in.
"My lawyer... divorce lawyer." I watched his face. A moment of truth of sorts. All the things we talked about, were they real? "I'm a single woman, Ronnie." He smiled broadly and hugged me. "Now what?" I murmured into his chest.
He rolled me off him. That was a surprise but as his cock slid out from my clenching pussy, his smile only got bigger. I sat cross-legged on the bed as he picked up his jeans and pulled something out from a front pocket. He knelt on the bed in front of me as he put his hand out toward me with a small black box on his palm.
"I've been carrying this around with me for a week now just hoping and waiting." I looked at his beaming face and the small box on his palm. I watched as his other hand opened the box and turned it to face me. "Amy, will you marry me?" It was a diamond ring. I gazed at it. My head was nodding enthusiastically before I could get the word out. Of course, I would marry him!
"It isn't very big, I know... someday I'll be able to afford..." But I stopped him with a kiss.
"No, you won't," I said with finality. "No future ring could possibly give me more joy than this one is giving me." I held out my finger and he slipped it on. A perfect fit and a perfect ring.
We fucked several more times but every time facing each other in missionary or cowgirl. It seemed we didn't want to take our eyes from each other.
Talking to Ronnie's mother was interesting. Ronnie and she were too close for us to ignore her feelings after she raised him alone and they fought and scraped together to have the life they ultimately created. Awkward would probably be a more appropriate word description. Awkward not because I was white, definitely. Some because I was pregnant and she might have the same concerns about where Ronnie's life might go with this marriage and this too familiar way of starting out with a family. But also awkward because I was much closer in age to her than to Ronnie. Ultimately, though, she saw Ronnie's love of me and his excitement about the pregnancy, the same excitement I exuded. She also saw the respect and love that filled me every time Ronnie was nearby.
It was a quick and small wedding in a small rural church. Each week advanced my pregnant state and it wasn't something we were the least bit ashamed of. We could have waited for several months, had the baby, and fit me back into a sleek dress. This pregnancy was what made our relationship real and truly possible. If Ronnie and his mother were okay with it, I wanted to stand in front of the small group who would be invited in full disclosure, as it were. I was excited and proud to be marrying Ronnie and having his baby. I wanted both to be celebrated.
I didn't go in a white dress. I went with a fitted pastel in silk and lace. My even larger breasts presented cleavage that Ronnie insisted on when we tried out dresses. The body was fitted to my growing belly and only barely fit after the week between fitting and the ceremony, which was beautiful, what little I actually remember of it. I confess, as many probably would, to being fixated on my husband-to-be than on the minister's words. The minister didn't know me but for the little he gather from our meeting with him. He did, however, know Ronnie well and talked about the man I was marrying to great length and admiration. When the minister delivered the final five words, we had to both lean over my belly to perform the kiss that brought claps and cheers, perhaps the most raucous of the cheers from Ronnie's three friends.
Ronnie has booked a week at a nude resort in the islands. Ronnie's mom argued we should wait for that until after the baby; she, as Ronnie predicted, would eagerly care for it. I politely vetoed that that would be too long because I wanted to breastfeed and naturally wean the baby. Besides, I said, the point of being nude is to be seen and who could be more seen than a very pregnant woman?
First, though, Ronnie has planned a wedding night celebration with his three now business partners after forming a joint venture at my urging. Their constant talk about missing larger projects because regional needs wanted a one-stop place for remodeling projects, I urged them to combine their talents into a single firm. They were skeptical. None of them had the inclination to manage a larger firm or keep track of all the supplies, varied project schedules, or multiple customers. I wasn't always just a housewife, I told them. I had a business degree and experience before getting married. We had yet to finalize the effort but I knew we needed a small office and a storage building for equipment and supplies. I already confirmed my belief that Ronnie's mom would support the effort by caring for the baby enough hours to allow me to manage the office.
After a joyous reception at Ronnie's mom's house with dinner and limited alcohol, Ronnie and I made our exit mid-afternoon. By the time the three other men arrived at the lake, Ronnie had muscled a tub of ice and beer to the shade of the deck and spread several thick blankets and four lawn chairs arranged around it.
Ronnie walked into the bedroom where I stood quietly. He came up behind me, his hands hugging me from behind, both hands covering my eighth-month swollen belly. He looked up into the mirror at my eyes. "Okay?" he asked.
I hugged his hands over my belly and beamed back up to him. "I'm Mrs. Ronald Daniels! I'm going to be a mom! If it's the rest of it you're asking about, you've awakened a sexual being, honey. I love satisfying ALL your desires, ideas, or fantasies. Look," I finished by indicating the vanity tabletop at our side. On it was a large tube of lubrication that I thought would be enough for both this evening and our honeymoon. He smiled in recognition, turned me in his arms, and we kissed. At that moment we heard the crunch of gravel under tires outside.
I was outside first as Ronnie grabbed the last of the items we'd need for outside. I carefully waddled down the steps of the deck to meet them with hugs and kisses. With these three, it was kisses on the lips and not quick ones. Several slipping tongues between my lips and all of them feeling some part of my naked body.
When Ronnie joined us, each of the guys toasted us as newlyweds, although very familiarly with bottles of beer. Still not drinking, being a good girl throughout pregnancy, I was given a bottle of water. Each of the guys toasted with congratulations and memories. Some of the memories became quite ribald in recounting other times we had together and the first time I appeared to them on the dock naked with lunch that was eaten much too fast. We all laughed, I blushed a few times. These were men who were beyond mere friends or work associates or partners. They were all closer, much closer, than that.
We were soon in the chairs. Ronnie only set up four chairs because I always sat on his lap. As in other times, he had me place my legs outside his, then he opened his legs to expose me fully to the others. My swollen belly, full breasts, and glistening pussy. They were familiar with my body but it was still a tease or different than a tease; a preamble of sorts of what everyone knew was to come. And, since everyone knew and everyone was confident in what was to come and that it would all be a free-flowing of activity and experience, there was no rush to begin. We were comfortable talking. They were comfortable looking. And they did.
Once it began, though, it began in a big way. Ronnie eased me to my feet and pointed to two of the men, tossing the tube of lubrication to one of them.
"So," I said teasingly, "you start with a double penetration? Is that any way to treat your new wife?"
He slapped my bare ass as the two men stripped. Over his shoulder as he returned to his chair, "I know what will keep my wife happy."
I chuckled and faced the two men, "Indeed you do, husband."
I asked how they wanted me. I raised my eyebrows. I wasn't sure I have done that before. In fact, I was pretty sure I hadn't. The one who commented, said, "I did a little porn research to celebrate your wedding properly."
I laughed, "Thank you for dedicating yourself to us." That brought a laugh from the others including Ronnie.
The man lay on his back and I straddled his hips. His cock was lubed but I wasn't. He told me to bend over and spread. Lewd but effective. I felt the application of lube at and inside my asshole. I started lowering myself but this was all becoming more and more awkward the bigger I got. Ronnie jumped up and took my arm to allow me to settle down onto the cock with a small modicum of grace. Since there wasn't much fine muscle control in settling down, penetration was more like my collapsing down over his cock. I cried out as I found myself on his hips and the cock completely inside me.
I giggled and looked over my shoulder at the man, "Pardon my clumsiness."
He laughed, "Hey, whatever works, Amy."
I looked over at Ronnie to find him shaking his head. I laughed, again.
The man I was sitting on pulled me back to his chest. He provided small movements in my ass but the real action was to come with the next man. He was now between our splayed legs, his cock at my empty pussy. The guys weren't applying much pressure on my ballooning belly so it was awkward all around but nobody was complaining, especially not me. Once again I had four big black cocks to enjoy. The man at my pussy eased his cock past the lips and into the hole. It was tight but it was always tight with two of these cock in me. He pressed harder but with patience and attention to me. Soon, without much pain, this second cock was nearly all the way in. He leaned into me and kissed my lips.
"You're an amazing woman, Amy," he said as he pulled back a bit and thrust the rest of his cock to the hilt.
I gasped and moaned, then, "I... I'm... I'm a... lucky... woman." Each word coming out after another thrust. I felt the two cocks in adjoining chambers. The tightness pressing all the nerve ends that shot jolts from pussy to ass, back and forth. I closed my eyes, just enjoying the thrill of my body being assaulted for pleasure when I felt something blunt at my cheek. I knew what, just not who it belonged to. I turned my head with an open mouth and wasn't surprised that it wasn't Ronnie. He was, after all, a good host... allowing the others first shots at his new wife. Then I thought with a giggle smothered by a cock in my mouth: I wonder how long in this fucking it will be before Ronnie actually consummate our marriage. Sloppy seconds is a heck of a consummation.
These two brought me to orgasm, then they came in me, the one in my ass, then the one in my pussy. The one in my pussy eased out slowly and I could feel his long cock easing out like a snake. Then he took my hands and assisted me up and off the other cock which felt the same before it came out and slapped wetly on his abdomen.
I found the third man on his back holding his hard cock vertical. I stepped over him and dropped to my knees, a much easier thing to do than the last one. As I sank down over his cock, my pussy opened and cum-soaked making the penetration smooth and easy. I then felt a hand pressing me forward. I glanced back to find Ronnie, of course. So, he was going to take my ass with a cock in my pussy. This was going to be testing. I leaned into the man as far as my belly allowed me. I kissed him and took in a deep breath. Lubrication wasn't needed with cum inside and being opened already. As Ronnie pressed his cock to my open hole, I gasped as he pushed, not past the sphincter but through the tightness created by the other cock against his larger cock. I cried out as he pushed much of it in, pulled some out, and thrust back in.
I moaned and groaned, "OH... GOD... YESSSSSS!" I sucked in air. "God, yesssss... fuck me... make me scream!"
They did, too. My husband's massive cock stroking over the other one in my pussy, both touching off erotic jolts in each chamber and shooting them back and forth along joined nerve ending. My clit was press into the pelvic bone of the man under me by Ronnie's power thrusts deep into my bowels. When he came, it was massive, clearly, this was a tremendous buildup for him. I wanted always to be able to give this to him, give him anything, everything, my entire being. I was his slut-cum-hungry-wife. He would never call me that or think it, probably, but I knew in my heart I was his, entirely his to do and have as he wished. I loved the life he opened up to me.
The guys gave me lots of breaks for water and rest. I felt like a clumsy, lumbering... something, but the guys never once reflected anything of the sort. I was loved, not just sexed, loved by all of them. They seemed to fuck me in every conceivable way. I was sure that wasn't true but I regularly had cock probing at one hole or another. I was fucked singularly, doubled, and air-tight. Ronnie called it quits at 11:00 PM. We had a flight to catch in the morning. I was dripping cum as I walked with Ronnie to their trucks, giving each a heartfelt hug and kiss. They knew this wasn't the last time they'd be invited to fill my holes, especially now that we were a business group.
In bed, officially our marital bed now, I was curled into and onto Ronnie after a much needed shower. "How are you feeling, wife?" came Ronnie's seeking for reassurance.
I stroked a hand over his naked chest, down his stomach, to his resting cock, and down its length. "I am the happiest woman in the world, husband." I kissed his chest. "You have good friends, Ronnie. They take good care of me... and I'm not just talking about the fucking. They are careful and respectful." After a moment, "Honey? I had a thought tonight at some point when I had two or three cocks in me." He was just listening, not sure where this might be going. "I am you slut-cum-hungry-wife. I don't mean that like a bad thing and I know you wouldn't think of me badly like that but... but I am... your cum-hungry slut-wife. And I love it, Ronnie."
He stroked my naked body pressed on his. I could feel his heartbeat quicken. "I love you. I love everything about you. I love that you're cum-hungry, that you love cock to suck and swallow. I love that you love cock in all your holes, that you're hungry for it and eager. But... if anyone calls you that... I'll pound them into the dirt."
"I know, dear." I patted his cock. "I love being your cum-hungry slut-wife because you couldn't think of me that way. You just enjoy that I enjoy those things." I pressed my pelvis into his thigh and my belly into his side. I loved the constant reminder of what we created and have growing inside me. I felt his heartbeat flutter and his cock twitch. I smiled as his hand stroked down my side and along the side of belly. I smiled but there was more. Dare I? Just once more? I really need the sleep. But... can't I sleep on the plane?
THE END