No sex involving persons under 18, but lots of sex in this chapter.
From the end of Chapter 1:
We reach the SS I grab the last beer from the cooler, and ask if they want drinks. Randy asks for more bourbon, but Katy says she's thirsty and wants a beer. I tell her it's the last one but we can share, and get some ice for Randy. He opens the door and she climbs into the middle, not even attempting modesty. I'm not sure if she purposely showed him her panties as she turned and spread her legs getting in, but he certainly got a good look.
She's seated, but pretty much all of those beautiful legs are exposed, and as I get in with the interior light on I get a really good view -- yep, there her panties are, and the crotch looks dark. As soon as I sit down and close the door her hand squeezes my leg. She strokes upward until she finds my dick, and then she begins to squeeze it. I can tell that it's going to be a long ride home, and I have no idea what's ahead. The wicked, wanton women sitting beside me is clearly in control of the night, and she's unmistakably in heat. She cranks the music up, and we head further into her adventure.
The Ride Home
The 1970 Chevelle SS is purring, the music is blaring, and my sexy wife is wiggling in between "my guys for the night." I can't believe she hasn't pulled her little white satin and lace dress down at all: her gorgeous legs are still completely uncovered up to her panties.
She's oblivious; after all, she wears short shorts or a body suit to work out, so what's the big deal? She may be oblivious, but young Randy and I aren't.
Somehow, a short dress and wet white panties have a more pronounced effect on males than even short shorts.
Ten miles down the road, we're out of beer and Katy is pouting about it. I see the little pool hall and bar in the middle of nowhere is still open, so I pull in and get out. No one else moves, so I walk up the steps, go inside, belly up to the bar, and order a six-pack of Lone Star red. The barkeeper nods and wanders off to the cooler.
I look around at the rough-looking men and women around the tables in back, see no sign of a greeting, and turn back to the window beside me. I can see into the car, which is parked just below, fairly well as the light from the bar window shines in through the passenger-side window of the car.
What the hell? Are they kissing? Randy is turned toward her, she has her right hand behind his head, and his right hand looks to be between her legs! My blood boils as I watch yet another man kiss and caress my darling wife. This shit is getting out of hand, and I'm going to have to kick someone's ass!
Yet, my eyes linger, and I feel rising excitement as I spy on two lovers who think they are invisible. I arrange my poor cock, which is chubbing yet again, and watch the movement of the paramours below through the light and shadows.
I watch her slump down and spread her legs as his hand strokes higher and higher on her inner thigh. His body is in the way, but I can see his hand is moving in a circle, pauses, and begins a motion that appears to be finger fucking. My mouth is dry with excitement and jealousy.
I look around for the barkeep; he's just coming out of the cooler with a bunch of six packs; now he's taking his sweet time finding a paper bag to put the beer in. I look out again, fearing what I'll see.
I'm pissed, but also strangely excited. I had no idea my wife, who came to me a vaginal virgin, was capable of doing things with other men like what I've witnessed tonight -- and the night isn't over!
Randy continues his rhythmic arm movement, and she's now caressing his leg; or, maybe that's not his leg, given the way her hand is moving up and down. She slides forward in the seat and spreads her legs wide apart, giving him full access.
The light is shining on her legs now, and I can tell that he's finger fucking her and she's rubbing his cock! Mutual masturbation, and I've barely been gone 5 minutes!
Part of me wants to go out there, drag his ass out of the car, and kick the shit out of him! Another part wants to go drag her out of the car, and slap the shit out of her! A slightly larger part wants to see where this is all going. One thing for sure: tonight my wife's persona is more prick-teasing exhibitionist and cock-hungry slut than married woman and mother!
I say that to myself as I watch his arm sawing back and forth, and watch her hand rubbing his prick through his jeans while playing sucky face. I chuckle, and tell myself that's okay; he's only getting her even more ready and I'll get the payoff in just a few more minutes. There certainly won't be a need for foreplay!
I pay for the beer, hit the restroom, walk by the window slowly and look into the car again; yep, still going to it. I open the bar door and the bar lights light shines on the parking lot and my car. I walk around, open the door, and hand her an open longneck. "You two get bored while I was gone?" I ask innocently.
She's even more disheveled and he looks wild -- both are breathless. "No, we entertained ourselves without you" she says, "but I'm glad you're back now".
"Why: you've worked up a thirst?"
"Yes, I'm very thirsty" she replies in a hushed voice.
Her gorgeous legs are displayed all the way to her panties, which are obviously soaked, and still no effort is made to pull her dress down. It's as if she's challenging me. I stare at her until she looks down, raises her hips to pull the dress down a bit, brings the beer to her lips, and takes a long draw. My cold eyes shift to Randy, who is stirring his drink with his finger-fucking finger.
I crank the engine, back out, rev it up, pop the clutch, peel out onto the highway, run through the gears, and head down the road toward home. Jealously taking possession of her leg again, I run my hand up to her pussy and learn that she's soaking wet, and so hot my fingers are toasting. "Hot as a fresh-fucked fox in a forest fire," as an old friend back home used to say.
I warn her "If you want your beer to stay cold, don't put it between those scalding hot legs". She punches me and says that is embarrassing, but her smile belies her words because she knows it's true.
She twists around in the seat toward me, rubbing her tits on my arm and drinking her beer with her left hand, arms entwined like we are making a toast. I want to get back to that sweet, hot pussy, but she has my arm effectively captured, so I just rub, caress, and squeeze her left leg.
Her dress is pulled high on her hip and I can see her lacy panties. Randy has a much better view than I, but he's turned slightly toward the middle, looking nonchalantly ahead, sipping his beer with his right hand. That's strange -- now he's ignoring what he's been lusting after all night?
Ah hah! I can't see his left hand. His arm is close to his body, and I can see that he could be getting access to her from behind. Surely he isn't fingering her again! So I force my hand loose from her grip, slide my hand under her panties and start rubbing her clit. Her legs are pressed together, keeping me from sliding deeper into her pussy, but her eyes close, and she moans into my ear. Her right hand comes back around, imprisons my wrist, and she moans a little louder.
"What are you trying to do to me? You're going to make me cum if you don't stop" she whispers. I keep circling and rubbing her clit, she wiggles her butt, Randy does whatever he's doing, and she begins to go tense. She bites her lip, moans loudly, stiffens, and begins to cum. She's not a loud as normal, but she's not subtle about it either!
It's dark inside the car on the lonely road, but I can see that Randy is still turned slightly toward us, and his drink cup is now is between his legs. I can't see either hand, but I can see enough of his face through the darkness to strongly suspect something is going on. Maybe his hands are on her beautiful round butt, or his fingers are back inside her hot, wet pussy... or maybe her inviolate little butthole!
Damn it to hell, this is getting entirely out of control! Two guys have fingers inside my conservative little wife right now, and we're not even the first ones tonight? Un-fuckin-believable!
The thought has my stomach churning and my anxiety high, but she looks happy and composed. This is her night; she' in charge, not me, and she's definitely having fun!
She begins to calm down, holds my arm more tightly, and eases my hand out of her panties. She turns a little more to the center with her legs, leans back, and takes a long draw of her beer. "Is that beer good, honey? Are you feeling better now?"
"Oh, yes, I feel really relaxed now, but I need another beer".
"Well, I'm still a little tense. Are you going to be able to help me with that when we get home?"
"Of course, darling -- that's what I'm looking forward to". Randy reaches in back and gets her a beer. He looks a little tense too, and his jeans have a wet spot. Bet his balls ache -- mine certainly do.
We crest the hill and see the lights of town. Randy's left arm is on the seat back, and his right hand has disappeared again. Katy has shifted a little, resting more on her hip and leaning more toward me again.
Has she made herself available to that little bastard again? Is he fingering her pussy yet again? Surely not -- she made me stop! He better not be fingering her little rosebud, because she won't let me do more than rim it!
She's purring into my shoulder, and her hand returns to my cock.
We're only a few minutes away from home, but it seems like hours. I want this wanton vixen on my bed with my dick in her mouth and her clit in mine, and I want Randy to go home. I hit the brakes to dislodge him from whatever hole he's in, claim a raccoon ran across the road, then downshift and floor it, engine growling with pleasure as it gets opened up. The old muscle car roars and the lights of draw nearer quickly.
Spiraling Completely Out of Control
Finally, we're pulling into town. The streetlights shining in cause her to pull her little white satin and lace dress down so her white lace panties are somewhat covered. I pull the SS into the garage, climb out, and hold the door open. She slides across the seat, again exposing her wet panties, climbs out on my side, puts her arms around me, looks longingly at me with those teasing green eyes, and says "I don't want the party to end yet. Let's go inside, turn the music on, and dance some more!"
I look aghast, I'm sure, but she grabs my dick, sexily licks her luscious lips, and sultrily says "Pretty please, with whipped cream and cherries on it! I'll make it worth your while..."
My aching balls weigh 10 lbs each, but how do I say no to this special creature? She deserves her enjoyment as much as I do -- well, maybe more. It's been a harried four years for us both, and I didn't bear and nurse two babies on top of teaching and other responsibilities.
"Okay, but it getting late -- we need to get to bed soon, okay?"
Smilingly she exclaims, "Okay! You know it makes me want you even more when you're so sweet to me!"
I glance at young Randy, who is standing where he can turn either toward his car or our door, and listening. Katy's request and my acquiescence bring a big smile, and he takes a step toward the door. I wrap my arm possessively around my wife, but as we approach the door she reaches out, takes Randy by the arm, and says "I'm so glad I get to spend some more time with my sweet guys!"
Once we're inside our home, things seem a little uncomfortable. We're all standing just inside the door, awkwardly.
What we have is two guys wanting one girl, so I guess the discomfort isn't really unexpected. Katy turns us loose, hurries to the stereo, and turns on her favorite Conway Twitty album. She leaves the lights off, and moves into my arms for a slow dance. Her arms go around my neck and her body presses against me as we sway to the music. She grinds her hot little pussy on my raging hard-on.
Randy sits on the sofa, mouth slightly open, eyes fixed on her body. He's looking drunk and desperate. My hands drop to that perfect butt, and knead it. She presses harder. The song ends, and she walks over to her 'other guy': "Your turn".
This is not what I want, but I take a seat, wondering what's going to happen now. Surely she's not going for a threesome! She's told me more than once how gross and perverted that would be, and how she'd never do something like that!
Of course, that statement usually came after reading Penthouse letters or watching porn about that very thing, so her veracity is questionable. Admittedly, we did usually have great sex afterward, so perhaps this is her playing out a fantasy.
As I sip my beer I watch as she addresses young Randy the same way she addressed me: arms around his neck, body against his. His hands are on her hips -- not exactly on her ass, but where he can hold her to him as he rubs his thick dick up against her little pussy. She rests her head on his chin, and they sway gently rather than dance.
If I push the jealousy aside, this is hot as hell! Her bodacious ass is clearly outlined under her tiny dress, and her gorgeous legs are exposed almost all the way up to that bountiful, tight ass.
A sense of Deja vu overwhelms me. When I was a senior in high school, three of us were riding around in a friend's car, shooting the shit and talking about girls and sports, which was a normal activity after we took our dates home at eleven. We saw the head cheerleader, Jackie, standing in the yard of her best friend, Betty. They were both wearing tiny short shorts and halter-tops. They saw us cruise by and ran to the street waving. We made a U-turn and pulled up beside them. They informed us that Betty's parents were out of town, Jackie was spending the night, and they were bored.
Betty was leaning in the back window talking to Billy, and Jackie was leaning in the driver side window showing Eddie her tits. Since they were both on the other side of the car I could see both pairs, and both looked good. Eddie invited them to get in the car and ride around with us for a while, but Betty opened the door, took Billy's hand, pulled him out, and said, "Y'all go ahead; Billy and I are going to stay here and talk."
We all laughed, knowing that she was finally getting her shot at the guy she had been crushing on since seventh grade. He had a girlfriend he'd been with for three years, but that relationship had gotten old and stale; both bitched about the other all the time, and their constant fighting had even affected his play on the football field. We were happy to let Betty take her best shot, and that gave Eddie and me a shot at the tall, leggy Jackie.
Jackie had a boyfriend too, from another town; he was a rich bitch with an arrogant attitude that caused us to hammer his ass as hard and often as we could when we played them in football, and I always guarded him in basketball just to humiliate his sorry ass with blocks and steals. We were NOT friends; therefore, she was fair game. About 5'8" of curvy brunette fair game..
Eddie got out and let me in; I pulled away, headed down a dirt road that wound along the river toward a crossing where we liked to 'go parking', meaning make out, or play guitars and sing, or whatever. No one lived beyond the crossing anymore, and the sheriff had let us know they wouldn't patrol out there as long as we 'behaved ourselves', which meant don't get blind drunk and do something stupid.
Before we got very far, Jackie told me to turn in at the next gate on the right, and let us know her dad had recently purchased the place. It had a nice old house on it where an old couple had lived for many years, and they had let us use their wharf to fish off of when we were young boys.
Jackie opened the door to show us around, and turned on music. After the short tour we began taking turns dancing with her and fondling her, and she was pressing her tall, slender body against us while we swayed.
Eddie was really hot for her, and each time they danced he took it a little further. At first she would giggle and remove his hands, but after three slow dances each she was letting his maul her boobs without complaint.
I was sitting on the couch; they were dancing right in front of me, her bubble butt two feet from my face. I leaned forward, ran my hands over her tight ass, and squeezed. Her response was to press back against my hands,
Eddie moved her closer; I pulled tiny shorts up on the right side, exposing her butt cheek. I kissed, licked, sucked on it, and then put a hickey right in the middle. She moaned, and I wondered what her obnoxious boyfriends would think when he saw it.
Eddie winked at me and set her between us on the couch. He turned her face and kissed her deeply. I began caressing her leg with my right hand, moving higher and higher, while I kissed her bare shoulder. My left hand resumed clutching and squeezing her tight little butt.
When my right hand rubbed her pussy over her shorts, she whimpered; I slipped my finger inside her wet, hot, tight tunnel and she cried out. She turned to me and we shared a sloppy, wet kiss while my buddy played with her tits and I rubbed her clit. He used his free hand to untie her halter, and in a few seconds, it was off. I tugged her shorts, she raised her hips, and I pulled her shorts and panties off.
She looked really good in the dim lighting, and even better when she laid down on the couch, one foot on the floor and the other over the back. She ordered us to take off our clothes; we quickly complied, and then we took turns fucking her for a couple of hours, right in the middle of her mommy and daddy's living room couch. It was a good thing we were supposed to be camping out, and they were supposed to be having a sleepover, because the eastern sky was getting light when we got back to Betty's and woke the naked lovebirds.
There was, however, a big difference between the two experiences: Jackie was a horny 18-year-old high school cheerleader who seduced and got serially fucked by two star football players; the minx swaying with another guy right in front of me is a well-respected 25-year-old teacher, my wife, and the mother of my children! Surely her good sense will kick in soon and she will bring this to an end before it goes that far!
The dance ends and they both return to the couch. Katy sits between us, turns to me, tells me I've been a good boy tonight and I deserve a kiss; she opens her mouth and gives me a long, wet kiss with a lot of tongue, and rubs her tits on me. I run my left hand up her leg as she presses against me, and my right hand rises to her breast and squeezes it. She pulls away and says "I think Randy deserves a kiss too! He's also been a good boy tonight"
I start to yell 'Hell No!', but she quickly turns, takes his face in her hands, and gives him a deep, soulful kiss. My hand is still between her legs, and, almost like in high school, I slide her dress up and caress her wet pussy. Randy's hand finds her breast, and she moans as they kiss.
She's out of control. I'm out of control. Randy is out of control. The whole night has been out of control, from the start!
What we have now is two guys lusting after a woman who wants them both, and everyone is too out-of-control hot to stop. It's wrong, it's dangerous, it could lead to disaster. But in this situation at this point in time, it feels strangely natural; simply an unexpected but natural escalation of the events of this night.
Their kiss ends and she turns back to me. I stand up and pull her to her feet -- I want to feel her whole body, and I want her out of his grasp. We kiss deeply, and my hands roam over her butt, kneading and caressing in turn. Her dress creeps up, and Randy is now face to face with the butt of his jack-off sessions.
I slip my hands under her panties, and squeeze her cheeks hard. She moans and presses against my dick. I'm lost in the moment and decide to hell with it -- que sera sera. I reach up with one hand and squeeze her tits, in turn.
I reach around with the intention of unzipping her dress, but, fueled by alcohol and hormones, I'm struck by a brainstorm. I hesitate, step away, and say "Dance for us".
She looks confused for a second, then smiles and begins to sway to the slow music. I walk over to the player and change to a sexy, raunchy blues song. I sit down. "Dance sexy -- like when you used to dance for me in college; we want to see that sexy body you've been teasing us with all night, Bad Girl!"
She begins to make circles with her hips, pushing her pussy forward, then leans over and exposes the top of her breasts. "Like this?" she asks in a husky voice.
"Yes, just like that. Show us those pretty titties, those beautiful legs, and that magnificent butt. We want to see your amazing body up close." She becomes more adventurous, swaying, spinning, circling her hips. She puts her fantastic butt right in our faces, grinds it in circles, and then spins away. Damn she looks amazing! The wet spot on her panties is now covering the whole crotch and up the back.
I whisper, "now it's time to lose some of those clothes".
Are you sure?" she asks. "Yes. Strip for us" we chorus.
"I will, but only if you will. When I take something off, you two have to do the same." We quickly agree.
She pulls her dress up to her waist, and pushes her hips toward us, then turns and puts her perfect butt in our faces again. I reach out and squeeze one cheek, look at Randy and nod. He reaches out and squeezes the other cheek, and she moans and pushes back against our hands. I begin pulling down her white, lacy bikinis, and Randy helps. As the panties reach her ankles I lean forward to kiss and suck on her left ass cheek, and Randy joins me on the right.
I run my right hand up the inside of her leg past her wet thighs and to her drenched pussy, and rub her swollen lips as Randy's finger is caressing her rosebud. She moans and her dancing is getting jerky. Suddenly Randy falls to his knees and replaces his finger with his tongue, pressing his face tightly between her butt cheeks as his tongue tries to push past her sphincter, into her forbidden cave.
Katy shudders, and moans loudly. I slide around to the front, and begin licking her pussy. Her arousal is so great I think she may faint, so I back off, tell Randy to sit down, and tell her to finish her dance.
She looks stricken, but she reminds us we need to "lose your pants and panties"; we quickly comply, and Randy begs, "Please dance."
She starts moving sexily again, but for the first time tonight her rhythm is off. She leans over to taunt us with her ass again, but now we can see it all, including her wet cunt. Randy says "Take off your dress. I want to see all of your beautiful body".
That seems to revive her. She reaches up, finishes unzipping her dress, and dances around the room. She is letting it fall more and more, exposing her elegant neck and shoulders, and then her luscious titties. She kicks off her shoes, but keeps the dress hanging loosely at her waist while she continues to sway, bump, and grind.
Her chest is heaving, her firm breasts swaying while she dances.
Randy stops begging: "Take it off -- we want you completely naked now," he orders. The dress slowly glides over her ass and down her legs, until it falls in a pile on the floor and she steps out of it. Holding her arms gracefully to the side, she sways her hips, jiggles her breasts, spins slowly to give us the 360-degree view, and says "Ta Da!"
Randy blurts "Oh, my god! I've never seen anyone with a body like that! You're more beautiful than the swimsuit models in Sports Illustrated!"
I stammer "Amen to that!"
She dances closer and says, "Why am I the only one naked? Don't you boys want to dance naked with me?" We're both unclothed in 10 seconds, but Randy gets there first. She puts her arms around him and starts kissing him while she presses her beautiful body against him.
I quickly walk behind her and press my dick between the luscious globes of her perfect butt, then slide it between her legs. She's holding Randy's cock in her hand and he's kissing her pretty pink titties. Her nipples are swollen and hard. He licks each breast and sucks each hard pink nipple in turn. Her breathing is getting faster, her skin hotter.
He straightens back up, and I push down on her shoulders. She kneels down and stares at his volcano-shaped prick. It is as big around as a Red Bull can at the base, but tapered so the head is much smaller - more like a coke bottle.
Although a three inches shorter than my 10" cylinder with mushroom head, its girth at the base is impressive by any measure! I've never seen a cock shaped like his before, and I'm sure she hasn't, based on the open-mouth gape she's giving it.
I tell him to sit down on the couch, and she crawls forward, still holding his cock by the huge base. I push her head down on his dick, and pull her hips up. If he's getting a blowjob, I'm getting that magnificent pussy. Let's see how my newly discovered slut wife likes two dicks at a time!
First, however, I'm going to eat that sodden pussy until she hollers, IF it hasn't already been fucked! I don't think Johnny had time, but just in case I test it with my fingers for signs and smell, and my olfactory sense identifies only wanton woman.
I lie on my back, head between her thighs, and look at her pussy from close up. Even though it's dark in here, she's wet, and in heat, it's lovely! The lips are flaring a bit, exposing the pink inside. I lick each lip, suck gently on them, tongue fuck her, and then suck her whole pussy. Her juices taste deliciously tangy, but I move my tongue to her sweet little clit, trying to hide there in the folds. I flick it a few times, suck on it gently, and then more boldly.
She's making mewing noises around Randy's cock, and I can read the oncoming orgasm. She tries to squeeze my head between her powerful thighs as the spasms begin. She pulls her mouth off his dick and cries out loudly as she shakes and quivers. I alternately suck her clit and tongue-fuck her to keep her peak going as long as possible. She's panting and making puppy noises as she continues to spasm. As she settles down a bit I remove my tongue and force three fingers into her steaming cunt; she cries out again, and whimpers.
I climb out and spin around, wanting to get a look at my cocksucking wife. She continues moaning and whimpering, and I feel her pussy clutching at my fingers. I peer over her magnificent mounds and see her head on his leg. She's still stroking him with her left hand, and her mouth is hanging open with saliva shining on her chin.
Randy can't take it anymore: he grabs her hair, lifts her head, and returns her mouth to his cock. He face-fucks her until she begins to bob her head, up and down and around, up and down and around. He groans loudly and tells her she's the best cocksucker he's ever had. She makes a slurping sound and keeps bobbing.
I look down at her fantastic ass and see her rosebud flexing, opening and tightening. I lose my interest in the BJ and attack her butt hole with my tongue. She yelps and tries to take her head off Randy's cock, but he's too far-gone: he holds her head still and fucks her mouth.
I force my tongue inside her back door and begin to thrust my fingers in and out of her cunt with a vengeance! I knead her left bun, drive my hand into her tight pussy, and tongue fuck her asshole. She cries ohhhhhhhhhh and goes completely stiff and still. Randy doesn't care; he's way too far gone. He's thrusting up into her mouth, raising his hips off the seat while holding her head.
He yells out, goes stiff, and cums violently; I can see her swallowing. She's always sworn no one is allowed to cum in her mouth, ergo, she's never swallowed cum -- but he is cumming buckets, he's holding her head down, so she swallows and swallows as cum billows out time after time.
He's finally done, and she raises her head off his cock. I see globs of cum on the side of her mouth as she again lays her head on Randy's thigh.
My 9.75 inch dick is so swollen it is probably 10.5. As I push it hard into her sopping pussy she pushes back and cries "Oh, yes, fuck me baby. Fuck my little pussy with your big dick! I need you inside me baby. Your naughty wife needs to be fucked hard!" I'm pounding that pussy doggie style, but she's pushing back so hard I release my hands from her hips and spank her right butt cheek. She is startled, and she moans.
I slap her left butt cheek, and she moans again. I'm fucking in and out so hard my swollen balls are bouncing off her mound; when I hit bottom her response is to circle her butt and mew. Randy is watching me pound her, and looking down at her pretty face with her golden curls framing it, her mouth hanging open as she makes little noises. He's hard again, so he roughly pulls her head back onto his dick. She hesitates, quivers, and begins to suck his cock.
I slap both her cheeks and she moans. "You're a very bad girl, aren't you? A cock in your mouth and another in your pussy, swallowing cum... you act like a sweet little wife, but you're actually a nasty little slut, aren't you? Feel the cocks skewering you? You love getting spit roasted, don't you? What a slut! You deserve a good spanking, don't you, my little slut of a wife?"
Like most of what has happened tonight, we've never gone anywhere near here before! Given the events of this night, however, I want to test her limits. I need to see if there is a submissive streak, a desire for pain with her pleasure, or some other quirks I should know about. She's certainly not the open book she portrays: what is she?
I keep pounding her pussy, and all she does is nod and mumble 'yes' around the dick in her mouth. I commence to pop one and then the other cheek. She's pressing back into me so hard I can tell she's going to cum again, so I begin to pound that pussy deeper, faster, alternating between pulling her hips into my cock and swatting her butt. I pull the head of my cock all the way out to her labia, and with the gained room, unleash the most powerful swats yet on her round butt cheeks. She raises her head off Randy's cock, faces upward, and lets out a keening moan unlike anything I've heard before.
"Punish me!! Spank your wife so she will say NO to all the hard cocks wanting to fuck her! I'm weak -- spank me and make me stop!"
I pop her twice with each hand, reach up and grab her hanging globes, pull down and twist her nipples. She cries out, I grab her hips and plunge back into her, rolling my hips as I bottom out. In my fiercest voice I order her, "Cum for me, you promiscuous cunt! Work that pussy around my dick, and I'll shoot you full of all the cum you've earned, you cock-teasing bitch!"
That kind of abuse should make her mad, make her want to turn and hit me; instead, it puts her over the top. She presses back, grinding against my staff and pubes, goes stiff, and her boiling pussy spasms around my dick. That's it! I see stars, and my nuts explode. My blue balls have been saving this all night, and I cum buckets. She's clenching my cock like a vise, moving her hips up and down and around, milking me for all my cum.
Finally, the ecstasy subsides for both of us, I pull out, and we collapse onto the floor. She turns over, lies down on the floor beside me, and lays her arm across her heaving chest. Her nipples are as hard as bullets, and even in her after-glow she looks horny and hungry.
We're exhausted, but Randy's mini-volcano is ready to blow again. He falls to the floor, crawls around her, spreads her legs, stares at her creamy pussy, reaches up to rub her little nub, and crawls up between her legs. His hands are on the floor, his upper body arced above her, as it he's doing pushups. She pushes weakly against his chest as he leans over her, but she moans loudly as he enters her without preliminaries, the head of his cock slipping easily into her cum-filled cunt.
The slender part of his cock is easily absorbed by Katy's sodden cunt, but it requires effort on his part and accommodations on her part to get the broad base inside her tight pussy. His enormous base is rubbing hard against her clit as he tries to go further; she cries out, raises and spreads her knees, trying to give him better access and reduce the friction. He pushes harder, flexes his butt, and he's finally all the way in. He yells "oh fuck you're tight and hot! That feels sooo goooood" and holds himself tightly against her. That big base to his dick is making her moan, groan, and quiver, but she wraps her legs around him and they begin to get in a rhythm.
I'm lying on the floor beside them, raised on my elbow, watching my gorgeous wife get well fucked, moaning in ecstasy, her legs wrapped around his middle back as they thrust together. I'm strangely at ease, almost detached from the events as I serenely admire her magnificent body and her beautiful face. Even in distress, with matted wet hair clinging to her cheeks and her mouth hanging open, she's dazzling. I reach over to caress her breast, holding and cupping it, then pulling and twisting her nipple gently, rolling it between my finger and thumb.
She turns her head to look at me with lust-glazed eyes, and reaches for my dick. "Give me my toy. I want my toy." I slide up on my side until my recharging cock is by her face. I push it forward, watching with awe as she takes it into her mouth and sucks so hard it hollows her cheeks. Randy is staring down; I doubt he's ever seen a cock in a mouth from a closer vantage point -- unless he's sucked one!
The blood leaves my brain and surges into my cock, suddenly filling her mouth. Her tongue and cheeks surround and embrace my cock as she bobs her head. I push forward as she bobs forward; she gags, pulls off my dick, grabs it around the base with her hand, and tells me "you're too long and big. I can't swallow you. Please let me be in control, my Angel. I'll make it soooo good for you."
I mumble acquiescence and lie still. She resumes my blowjob, wraps her legs around Randy, and simultaneously fucks Randy silly! A multi-talented lady, this one is!
Notoriously short tempered and possessive, it's surreal that I'm engaged in a three-way involving my wife and another male! Hell, I've beaten the crap out of more than one guy who tried to fool around with one of my girlfriends!
When I began dating Katy I learned that being jealous would be a full-time job because pretty much every male, and quite a few females, wanted her body. I learned to dial it back, but one guy at a frat party tried to take advantage of her tipsy state, took her outside while his friends chatted me up, kissed her, and grabbed her ass. She slapped him, and he started cussing her. Bad move. His friends took him to the ER, and the word spread it wasn't safe to try, no matter how tempting.
Yet, here we lay, her mouth around my dick, watching a guy grabbing her bare ass and driving his big dick into her.
Suddenly Katy pulls her head back, quits moving, and tells us "Stop! This floor is hard and I'm getting rug burns. If you guys are going to fuck me all night we're moving to the bedroom."
Randy pulls back, we all get up, and we follow her incredible body up the stairs. She pulls back the sheets, tells me to sit at the head of the bed, kneels and arranges herself with her head over my dick, beckons Randy behind her, grabs my dick by the base, swallows what she can, and pushes her fantastic ass in the air. Randy quickly mounts her, and she's again being spit roasted.
I reach under her to take her hanging boobs in my hand, alternately squeezing and pulling them down by the nipples. She moans around my cock, which she has swallowed down to her hand, and begins fucking Randy in earnest. He has her by her hips, and he's burying himself in her every stroke.
We've been at this for close to twenty minutes now. Her nipples are bigger and harder than ever before, her mouth is scalding hot, and her throat is tight as she works to swallow the 10 inch dick she's never before been willing to do more than lick... except when on fire in a 69.
Randy is pounding her so hard he's forcing her further down each stroke, and I'm thinking, just maybe, I'll have it buried completely in a chick's throat for the first time. Randy is kneading and messaging her round globes, and telling her how beautiful she is, how magnificent her butt is, and how he's never felt anything like her sweet, hot, wet pussy.
I'm past thinking of her as my wife; she's a hot, nasty, beautiful, cock-loving slut who will do anything to satisfy her needs. I've had plenty of experience with those, and I know how to treat them. In my detached state, using her and seeing her used is nothing special: sluts are used; you don't worry about their feelings!
Her efforts become less focused, her movements more spastic, as a powerful orgasm begins to take control of her. Randy buries himself and lets out a roar and she begins to shake and moan.
Seeing the slut's unbridled passion is so fucking hot that I grab her hair and force her mouth back down my dick as the cum boils out into her mouth. She tries to pull off, but I order her "Swallow it all, you dirty tramp! You know you're a cum-loving slut -- swallow it all!!"
She stops fighting me and swallows spurt after spurt after spurt after spurt until my tortured balls are finally drained and cum is running down her chin.
Randy is draped over her back as they collapse to the bed, which pulls his cock out of her. She raises her head, begs me to lie beside her, and tells Randy to lay on her other side. She's finally sated, and her boys are too. She says, "I know I'm going to regret this in the morning, but I want to tell you both that was amazing! I had no idea I could enjoy something like that, much less have feelings like I had."
Turning on her side, she snuggles on my shoulder and drifts off to sleep. I tell Randy he needs to be gone before dawn so the old biddies won't be speculating about his car being at our house overnight. He agrees and snuggles down beside her, his hand high on her thigh.
I watch her sleeping, appreciate her tranquil beauty, and consider the unlikely nature of each of the night's events, one by one. I feel myself drifting off to sleep right after I replay the beer joint stop, and wonder what tomorrow will bring.
Sunday, December 20
I fell into an exhausted but fitful sleep, my brain playing snippets of my beautiful wife dancing, gorgeous legs on display beneath the white satin and lace mini-dress, golden hair framing her beautiful face, the knowing smile as she teased and pleased her admirers. Those visions were intermingled with close ups of her in ecstasy as yet another orgasm shook her: orgasms for which I, her husband, was not, or not solely, responsible.
Confusing things had happened tonight, actions had been taken that couldn't be taken back; our relationship had been irrevocably altered..
Awakening at the feel of our king mattress shifting, I keep my eyes hooded as I watch my wife head into the bathroom, and hear the sound of running water. Obviously, she's cleaning herself up. I drift off to sleep again, but awaken as I hear her whisper "Randy. Randy. Wake up. You need to go!"
I lie still, feigning sleep. He arises sleepily and stands up, still naked as a jaybird. I can see that Katy has donned her silk robe. She tells him to be quiet, and tugs him toward the stairs: "Your clothes are downstairs; you need to go!" I hear the bottom stair squeak, meaning they are now in the living room.
Curious, I leave my bed and creep to the stairs to observe what is done and hear what is said. Finding a vantage point on the landing from which I can see without being seen, I squat down in the shadows and watch them rummaging through the clothes strewn about, looking for Randy's among hers and mine. Randy finds his boxers and socks, and moves back as if to sit in the side chair, which has no arms. Then he gets a good look at Katy's awesome legs, all the way up to her hairless pussy and round rump, as she sorts the scattered clothing. He freezes.
After a few more seconds of staring at Katy leaning over sorting clothes, Randy moves forward and embraces her from behind, holding her by the hips as his rigid cock rubs against her pouty, swollen pussy. She freezes, straightens quickly, and twists to face her accoster. She animatedly tells him, in a serious whisper, to stop, get dressed, and go home -- there will be no more hanky-panky tonight, tomorrow, or ever again!
He takes her face in his hands, looks her in the eye, tells her she is the most beautiful and desirable woman in the world, and he has to at least get a goodbye kiss. He leans forward and kisses her; softly at first, then more insistently, still holding her face.
Her hand is on his chest, as if to push him away, but she doesn't. After half a minute her hand drops and he moves closer, his chest against hers; after a minute her hands go over his shoulders and behind his neck as she returns his open-mouth kiss.
I'm jealous, pissed off, and strangely excited; I slip back up to the bedroom, grab my fancy new phone, put the camera on the low light setting without flash, and return to the landing to watch and film.
They are sideways to me, in a pool of light spilling into the otherwise dark living room. Randy's hands slide down her face, onto her neck, and then fall onto her breasts. His right hand caresses and squeezes her left breast over the robe, while his left pulls the silk belt loose. The robe falls open. He releases her breast.
She whispers "No. Please. No, Randy; you need to go" as his right hand drops to her pussy and his left caresses her breasts, in turn.
He tells her "Katy, you are the most beautiful girl I've ever been with; I'm totally enchanted with you. I just want to bring you as much pleasure as I get just being with you. Please let me please you, like I did last night. Remember how good it felt when we were in the car, when I ate your sweet pussy, when we made love?"
I see his right hand working on her mound, pressing and moving back and forth. He drops his mouth to her neck, taking his time, kissing his way up to her ear, down her neck to her chest, then taking her breast in his mouth. She moans, and again says "No. Please, Randy, No." That her head is leaning back, thrusting her breasts forward as he suckles, belies her words.
He drops to his knees and pulls her forward, kissing her flat stomach and Frenching her belly button. She moans louder and puts her hand behind his head. His tongue trails downward; she weakly says "No, please Randy. I'm not clean!" He looks up and tells her she is always clean, and he will always want her taste on his tongue. His mouth returns between her legs, and she tenses and groans more loudly. It's clear he is licking her swollen and abused pussy, and it appreciates the attention.
Four or five minutes have passed and she is starting to lose control. I can see at least two fingers of his left hand are inside her while his mouth is focused on her clit. His right hand is clenching her perfect butt. "Oh. Ah. Oh. Oh, Oh! You're driving me crazy! It feels too good! We shouldn't be doing this, but... but it feels too good!"
His right hand drops behind her legs, into the juices dripping around her honeypot, gathering it up, and then carrying it up to her little rosebud, which he rims. She jumps and moans again, clenching her butt cheeks around his finger. His hand slides back down; he gathers more sweet dew, and returns to rimming her little hole.
She again reacts, clutching his head to her and clenching her butt. She throws her head back, moans "OOOOOOOOOOO, Randy." As her orgasm begins he slips his finger inside her tiny hole, up to the first knuckle. As her orgasm grows, she chokes back her cries of ecstasy and gyrates her hips. Randy holds on, riding out the storm and savoring the feel, taste, and sound of her climaxing.
He manages to prolong her orgasm with his hands and tongue, but it finally subsides. He rises from his knees, a cocky smile on his face, and kisses her deeply, his fingers still inside her pussy, but removed from her tight butthole. He steps back, pulling her with him, to take a seat on the front part of the side chair. That changes my observation from side to three-quarter, giving me a better view of her backside but less of the front. She follows his lead, but pauses to glance guiltily at the stairs where I'm invisible in the dark. She spreads her legs to straddle his legs, but remains standing.
She tells him "We have to stop. Its nearly dawn, and Tim could wake up any moment. Please, let me go."
He grabs both cheeks of her butt, and his mouth returns to her sensitive breasts. He resumes fingering her pussy, wets the fingers on his right hand, and circles her rosebud. She protests quietly at first, then moans and returns her hands behind his head, encouraging him as he nurses her breasts, and letting him finger her, front and back. She's responding to his efforts, and I see her begin to tense up again. She begins a quiet chant "Oh, ah, oh, ah, oh, ahhhh, ohhhh, ahhaohahohaha", and her butt clenches and releases as she moves against his hands.
Last night Randy was fascinated by the events unfolding, and his greatest concern was getting his dick inside this beauty; this morning he wants to conquer her; pleasure her so much she can't ever say no to him, regardless of her marriage vows. With her help, he's succeeding: she wants to cum and keep cumming over and over. I watch in wonder at how mesmerizing a woman seeking the ultimate pleasure is; how wanton, how focused, and how intent on gaining another climax. Is anything hotter than watching that?
Randy has established a cadence; his left hand inserting his fingers deeply within her pussy while his middle finger of his right hand caresses her little rosebud, then his left slides to the entrance while the right is inserted, more deeply each time. Katy pants and arches her back, luxuriating in the pleasure.
Then, he suddenly stops thrusting both hands, removes his left from her pussy and centers her hot, wet hole over his dick. He doesn't pull her down; he just leaves her there. She looks down at him lustfully and begins to lower her puss onto his cock. She descends slowly, going down a little and then back up, staring into his eyes as she gives him a dose of his own teasing medicine.
She seems oblivious to the finger up her butthole, but the owner is moving it in and out and around just as she is doing to his cock. I see a bead of sweat run down her face from her brow as she balances on the balls of her feet in order to slide her wet cunt up and down Randy's 7" uncut and volcano-shaped cock.
After a couple of minutes she drops down on his cock, bottoming out around his massive base, and whimpers as she begins to circle her hips. Randy's forefinger joins his middle finger in her tight, previously inviolate, butthole. She whimpers louder and presses her tits into his face; he begins to suckle her breasts as she rolls her hips around his cock and he double-fingers her lush bottom.
She begins to spasm, her orgasm overtaking her. Randy thrusts up into her while she rolls her hips so he can catch up, lifting her up as he lifts his hips off the chair. She's too far gone to care, but her orgasming pussy overwhelms his senses and he begins to cum, clinging to her as she rides his cock.
Slowly they return from the heavens to earth, separate, and notice the traces of light in the eastern sky. She fusses at his quietly, and Randy scurries to get dressed and leave. She follows him to the door with his socks, he grabs her and kisses her passionately again, tells her that she is the greatest piece of ass on the entire planet, and he thinks he's falling love with her.
She gives him a quick kiss, whispers something I can't hear, pushes him out the door, and turns to the mess on the floor. I stop filming and stealthily slip back up the stairs and into bed. She follows in a few minutes, checks to ensure I'm asleep, goes in the bathroom and again cleans up. She slips into bed quietly, staying a body width away from me, and quickly falls asleep.
I examine my feelings. Yes, my cock is rock hard and I've never been more turned on, but I'm also angry, jealous, and hurt. Doing it when I'm involved was bad enough, but sneaking off and doing it, and then slipping into bed and sleeping like an innocent is quite another. Regardless, I'm also exhausted, and I fall back asleep before I have time to give the situation due thought.
Arising around 8:30 I slip out of bed, slip on some shorts, and go downstairs. I put on coffee, get the newspaper, and begin to read the write-ups on the state championship games. The coach that beat us acknowledges that the championship was actually settled last weekend, when they snuck by our team. Strangely, that doesn't provide solace; they still have a championship and we don't.
The morning news shows are on, allowing me to catch up on national and international events with minimal effort, while reading the paper. Around 10 I hear the shower, and 10 minutes later the bath running. She's trying to wash away all remnants of her indiscretions, and I know she will be quite contrite when she comes downstairs.
I pour her special coffee and take it upstairs to her. She's slumped down in her bubble bath, eyes closed. I set the coffee on the tub, and tell her "Katy's Special coffee, with cinnamon stick."
She takes the coffee but grabs my hand as I turn to go. "Thank you for being sweet to me" she says softly with a somber face.
"De Nada, Preciosa. Enjoy your coffee and bubble bath," I reply, looking down into those seemingly innocent green eyes. She has her hair in 'doggie ears', so I lean forward to flip them, saying "my little green eyed angel with horns." She takes a sip of her coffee, gives me a wry smile, and again thanks me.
I head back downstairs, thinking that I played that well: sweet, caring, yet slightly distant. Let's leave it up to her to address the elephant in the room -- the Snow Queen melting down into an insatiable slut. This will be an interesting day.
I clean out and vacuum the car, check the gas and oil, and put my baby back into the garage. Just as I get seated on the couch, Katy comes down the stairs wearing a short while terrycloth robe. Hmmm -- not the suggestive silk one, but still sexy. She looks clean after 3 showers and a bath since mid-night, she's without makeup, her honey gold hair is pulled in a ponytail, and her painted toenails are drawing my eyes to her pretty feet.
Is there any part of this girl that isn't attractive? What combination of genes produces someone like this? My cock stirs, but I fight to control it so I can control the upcoming conversation. She walks toward me, looking both contrite and petulant, which I didn't know was possible.
She curls up beside me with her legs pulled up on the couch, puts her head on my shoulder for a moment, takes a breath, looks up at me, and says "Nothing like last night can ever happen again. I mean it! You can never let things get out of control like they did, ever again!"
I look at her with a wry smile, and say, "We're going to have to be more specific. A lot of things happened last night, and we both had a lot of fun. So, specifically what part of last night are you referring to - you getting all dolled up, looking sexy as hell, and making all the boys go wild? I certainly hope not, because, one, I love to see you dressed to thrill, and, two, you would look sexy and attract men if you were wearing a flour sack."
"Well, no, not that. I love dressing up for you."
I hit her with my line "That's why we're perfect together -- you love to be watched, and I love watching."
"Well, if not that, Katy, do you mean dancing? You seemed to really enjoy dancing with me and all the other guys, and especially being on stage dancing in front of the band."
She looks more earnest than my teasing question calls for, replying, "No, you know how much I love to dance; that was fun, and it relaxed me. But, Tim, you need to dance with me more often and keep a closer eye on me when I'm slow dancing with other guys. When I drink I sometimes tease, and some guys take my teasing as an invitation."
"Honey, you can't help but tease. You have the body and the looks and you are a natural flirt. You've got it, you know it, and you can't help it. You flirt and show off because that's who you are. So, are you saying you are going to deny your nature and become a prude?"
"You know me better than that -- I'm not a prude! But I'm not that big a flirt and tease, am I?"
With a serious expression, I ask her, "Is the nature of the ocean to have waves? Is the nature of the sun to rise in the east and set in the west? Is it Katy's nature to flirt and tease the boys? All questions that demand contemplation."
She pinches my leg, smiles, then looks serious again: "No, I'm talking more about letting me drink too much, and not making me stop when I should."
"Katy, you planned the whole night, and it was an amazing night. I watched you carefully, and never thought you were drunk. Besides, as I've told you many times, 'alcohol doesn't MAKE you do anything you don't want to do; it ALLOWS you to do what you want to do. So, you're blaming whatever you did that is SO BAD on drinking? Pshway - I don't buy it. You were in control all night. You didn't do anything you didn't want to do, and no one forced you to do anything you didn't want to do, did they?"
Petulance overwhelms contriteness. She childishly pouts, then sticks out her tongue at me. I laugh and tell her to tell me what it is that she did last night that she never wants to do again, start from the beginning, and be specific.
She looks down and says, "That stuff we did with Randy. That can never happen again, ever!"
"Okay. I can't tell if you are trying to convince me or yourself, but if you mean sucking his cock while I fuck you and sucking my cock while he fucks you, I'll concur. Probably shouldn't do that again: it would not look good on our resumes, for sure. Now, what else shouldn't we do again? Was there something that happened at the dancehall?"
Innocently she responds "Well, no. I had fun with everyone at the dancehall."
Okay, so getting groped and kissed, or whatever happened, by the old rich guy, getting finger fucked by a couple of guys, getting your pussy eaten, playing with three strange cocks, and nearly getting gangbanged by the band was 'fun' rather than something your husband should be concerned about? Uh huh.
"So nothing else, then: just the mnage a trois? Because if there IS something else, let's get it out now. Final opportunity: after this, anything withheld this morning is considered a lie, which compounds the problem."
She glances down and to her left, a dead giveaway, and replies "No, nothing else happened."I guess she doesn't consider screwing Randy this morning anything, either. This virtuous wife and mother has a dark side of which I was not aware!
"Okay, let's change the subject. When did Randy leave? He was gone when I got up; did you talk to him before he left." After looking away briefly, she lies again, saying he woke her up and told her he was leaving about six, she thought.Riiiggghhhttt. Sure he did, you lying shitbird! Strike two!
She notices the brush and upholstery cleaner siting on the floor by the side chair and asks why those are out? "I found a big wet stain on the side chair and had to clean it," I said, adding, "I don't remember that being one of the props for our activities last night -- any idea how that happened?"
A brief hesitation, then another lie: "No, I was a little drunk though, so I'm not sure."
We've now established that she's got a darker and even more dishonest side! I'm beginning to get pissed. Let's try another tactic: "So, did you have fun last night teasing your band boys?"
Smiling response: "I don't know what you mean. I was just being friendly, like always."
I pull her toward me and lay her across my lap, face down. "Liar, Liar, I'm going to set your panties on fire!" I rhyme as I pull up her robe. "Oh, except you aren't wearing any! You come down here with your big robe acting all innocent, lie to your husband at least three times, and you aren't wearing panties!
"You are a very naughty girl, and you need a good spanking! Your parents never spanked you, so you think there are no consequences for acting naughty and lying, but you're about to find out different."
Swat! Right on that round butt; she jumps, hollers, and tries to twist away, but I hold her in place on my lap. "Let's try again. Did you have fun teasing your band boys, showing them your titties and your gorgeous legs?"
She defiantly says she didn't do those things. Swat! Swat! These are a little harder, and leave red marks, one on each cheek. She whoops and tries to escape again, this time with more vigor.
"Be still! If you don't want your pretty little butt spanked, stop lying to me! Now, did you enjoy teasing and torturing the band boys?"
"Okay! Yes, I enjoyed it, but it was just innocent fun."
"Innocent fun? Leaning over the table and showing your breasts to Rocky and Johnny, letting them see your panties because your dress is up so high -- that's what you call innocent fun?" Swat! "You forget -- I was there; I watched you. You want more licks, don't you? That's why you're still lying, right?"
"No, please! I admit it -- I did show them my tits and my legs. I wanted to tease them and make them hard." Between swats I'm rubbing her round butt, sometimes caressing, sometimes squeezing. She wiggles on my lap just a little, as if this is more fun than she's letting on.
I press ahead: "Okay, that's better. You know I don't mind. In fact, I like to watch you showing off. You're gorgeous, you have a phenomenal body, you're a great dancer -- I like watching you dance, and so does every male in the place, regardless of age! But you have to be honest with me. You're enjoying it as much as we are, aren't you? You like seeing all the eyes on you, and the hard-ons the men are spouting, don't you?"
She shakes her head No and starts to speak, then hesitates. I warn her "You're not going to lie to me again, are you? Be honest. You do love all the men wanting you, don't you? You love rubbing your little pussy against us when slow dancing. You shake your butt and thrust your pussy right in front of us so we will all get horny, and knowing we're horny makes you horny. I'm right, aren't I? Don't be afraid to admit it, my little exhibitionist."
She stays silent, presses her vulva down against my leg, and turns her head to look over her shoulder at me. "If I promise to tell you the truth, can I sit up now? I promise I won't lie."
I nod, and she sits right against me, her head looking down, and softly and sexily says, "I do love to make men horny. I love that I can make them all hard, I love the looks they give me when I dance, and, yes... it does make me horny. Just talking about it makes me horny."
Then, petulantly, with a pouting face, she looks up and me and asks, "Now, are you happy? You've embarrassed me!" I reach for her face, hold her chin, and ask if she wants a spanking for being untruthful again. She looks a bit frightened and quickly replies no.
I tell her "Look, you may be embarrassed that you had to admit it, but you aren't embarrassed that you did it. Like Goldie Hawn said in Laugh In: 'If you've got it, flaunt it!' You've certainly got it, even more than Goldie, so acknowledge your sexuality and sensuousness, and accept that you are sexually attractive to all men. And, a lot of women, I've noticed."
She flushed a bit, red creeping up her neck. Was that embarrassment, or acceptance that what I said was true -- boys, men, and some women find her sexually attractive?
Pressing ahead, I continue. "You unleashed a little of your inner slut last night. I've known she was there ever since you would dry hump my leg, moan, and orgasm back when we first started dating, and she definitely went with me on our honeymoon, right? You were too sexy for words; in the way you dressed, in your attitude and posture, the way you taunted the men watching you. You were totally insatiable, during and after the honeymoon, which might have played a role in getting pregnant, huh?
"Understandably, that part of you has been repressed for most of your life, excepting that amazing period when you got pregnant the second time. What with remaining virginal through high school and college, always being the 'good girl', your sexuality was largely repressed, until we met and you decided I was the one. You got to explore with me for a year, although you still felt guilty and had to go to confession about us having sex before getting married.
"We got married, and you were immediately cast into another role, on top of teacher and daughter; the role of mother. All of those roles come with high expectations of being a role model or perfect child, and living in your home town where everyone has known you since childhood only causes greater repression.
"Your inner 'wild child' has been repressed your whole life, save the year before we got married, the nine months before Patrick was born and the eighteen months between Patrick and baby Mark, and even those periods it was just me, your husband.
"I know she's not gone, because she escaped last night in a fog of booze, dancing, and hormones. We both need to accept that you're a complex woman, and part of you is 'The Wild Thing' that escaped last night. That's not WHO you are, but that's A PART of who you are. Embrace that, and use it to drive your husband wild and get him to do your bidding, like you used to do. And, by the way, I know you know that you can manipulate all men, but be subtly sexy with your manipulation; otherwise, they will expect and demand more.
"You're gorgeous, smart, and gifted, but you are also very nave; you have always lived in the cocoon of protected privilege, but not everyone will respect you or your boundaries if you tease too much."
As I'm offering this assessment and advice my right hand has been caressing her neck, shoulder, and breasts, and my left has pulled the sash open and her robe apart, allowing me to stroke her taut tummy and toned legs. She's been listening to my words, but also responding to my caresses by snuggling ever closer while I talk.
When I stop talking and pull on her nipple, she finds and squeezes my turgid dick, leans in to kiss me deeply, and rubs her boobs on my arm and chest. Her mouth is hungry, her hand demanding. I slip the robe off her shoulders and she shrugs out of it. I kiss her again, and firmly lay her down on the couch while I slide to the floor.
She lies there, totally naked, and she's so damn beautiful she takes my breath away.
Raising her right foot to my mouth, I kiss her feet and suck on each toe while holding and gently massaging her calf. I'm going to take my time, I'm going to inflame her, and then I'm going to remind her why she married me and who Her Man is.
After five minutes I've only reached he back of her knee with my mouth; I raise her leg even higher, giving me a close-up of the world's prettiest little pussy and butthole. I snack on the back of her thigh, moving inexorably higher, savoring her soft skin, and marveling at her responsiveness as goosebumps appear on her skin and her breathing gets shallow.
I finally reach the apex, and blow gently on her moist pussy; she moans, grabs my head, and tries to pull my mouth to her wetness. I twist away, put her right leg over my shoulder, lean forward, and begin again with her left foot. She groans in frustration, lays her head back, and submits to my sweet torturing of her lust-filled body.
It takes 10 minutes and a thousand kisses and sucks to reach the apex of her legs a second time, and she is even more impatient; I pause and breathe gently on her sex. She grabs my head with both hands and tries to pull me into her; I hold firm just outside, then lick her labia softly. I'm in charge here, and this will happen in my time and my way.
She is all almost out control, but as my tongue works its magic she asks if I still want her, even after all she did last night? I reply that I know she's clean outside and in after all the showers and the bubble bath, that she smells like a sweet wildflower and tastes better than honey. She releases my head, lies back on the couch, and submits to my slow ministration.
I take my time, exploring all parts of her vulva with my tongue and fingers. Just as I read the signs of her building orgasm, my mouth wanders south until it reaches her tiny rosebud. I rim her, working my tongue around and then slightly into her. She wraps her thighs around my head, presses down with her butt, and cries "Noooo. Please! My pussy. My pussy needs you. Please."
I pull my fingers from her swollen pussy, push my hand under her butt cheek, and with both hands under her I lift her butt so I can get better access; my tongue delves deeper into her forbidden depths, and she again pleads for me to stop.
Farther and deeper I go, squeezing her butt and plumbing the depths of her bottom. She cries "Noooo! Please, noooo", but her body betrays her; she raises her butt off the sofa, pushes it against my mouth, and crushes my neck between her powerful thighs as she has her first oral anal orgasm!
At least it's the first one I know about; she's proven to be less than fully honest, so her veracity about never having been probed 'back there' is suspect. I do know, now, that her rosebud is not inviolate for the reasons she's given in the past; the truth is, it's actually one of her sex triggers, and she's afraid of what she will do if the trigger is pulled. I file that for future use.
Leaving her lying there panting, I rinse my mouth in the kitchen, return to stand over her, and then kneel beside her again. I return my mouth slowly to her sopping wet pussy, softly and gently licking her labia, and insert two fingers into her vagina; she moans and scoots a little further toward the front of the couch, against my face, and her fingers grasp my hair. When I gently suck on her pleasure pill, she cums.
My little wife is suddenly able to move from orgasm to orgasm; it's as if her sex motor is running at such a high speed she can't stop. I use my mouth and fingers to stimulate everything I can, and she cums more violently, again trying to crush my head between her thighs as she makes her little noises.
This is great fun -- I have her so turned on she's completely at my mercy.
And now I'm going to fuck her until she makes her mewling kitten sounds!
I place one of her lovely legs over the back of the couch, and climb between her legs. I lean forward, kiss her belly, her boobies, and her lips, holding myself above her on my elbows and knees. My cock forces its way inside her folds as I press forward into her tender, freshly-orgasmic tunnel. She sucks her breath in and pulls slightly away, temporarily avoiding the sensations overwhelming her.
I proceed, pressing in and retreating, over and over, until I'm soon fully sheathed, or at least as fully sheathed as my almost-ten inches can be in a vagina about 7 inches deep. She surrenders to her passion, leaning forward to kiss me, open mouth and darting tongue. She works her pussy in a circle around my cock a few times, and begins to orgasm again! Her head flies back, she spasms around my dick, and then grows still.
Oh no, you're not getting off that easily! You are mine, and I'm fully reclaiming you today! That is just the start, you naughty little slut! I won't spank you more, but you are going to get punished over and over by my cock!
I hold still for a moment or two so she can begin to recover, then move again, flexing my hips in and out and around inside her. She moans, says she is exhausted, and I laugh while driving my cock further into her. She lasts maybe four or five minutes before cumming again, and this time my cock is flooded with her juices.
No recovery time allowed; I continue pounding that pussy, lean down and suckle the closest tit, while squeezing her magnificent butt cheeks. In and out; in, around, and out; in and around while pulling her against me. Her juices are running across my fingers and down onto the sofa; my knees are getting severe rug burn, but I don't care. I want to fuck her senseless, and she's getting close.
Normally I'd have finished by now, but the fucking she's getting isn't about passion or love: this is me dominating my mate, reclaiming her like a returning warrior with a wayward spouse. She begins to feel less like a ragdoll and more like the nympho she clearly is as I continue pounding her, nipping her little pink nipples, and squeezing her ass cheeks. My fingers are so slick it's getting hard to hold her ass tightly; devilishly, I slide my ring finger left hand down and into her tiny asshole. She starts, but I control her, forcing it further in until my wedding band is tight against the entrance. She lolls her head as her pussy gets fucked and her asshole gets finger fucked, moans loudly, mews, then whines, cries "Oh, fuck! You fucking stud! You are fucking me so good, so good, soooo gooood, Baby! Oh, god, I'm coming again!"
I just keep fucking her, but I'm getting close now. Too much pussy juice on my cock and my face, too much lusting body to caress, the smell of a well-fucked woman's pussy, her cries and moans and little sounds, and her pussy and ass spasms have me in sensory overload. I pick up the pace, racing to the finish, and stick another finger in her tiny asshole. She screams and claws at my back, but she doesn't have the strength left to fight me as another orgasm hits her. I feel her pussy walls pulling at me, her asshole crushing my fingers, and I blow perhaps the biggest load of my life inside her!
I continue to hold her, still working my cock in, around, and out, as it begins to soften. She's almost out, but still panting. I pull out, stand, and look down at the beautiful mess before me, mouth agape, eyes closed. I put my dick, covered with cum from both of us, into her mouth, and order her to clean me up. She does a creditable job for a few seconds, but drifts off to sleep, dick in her mouth.
She looks so cute: hair ruined, sweat on her lovely face, her breasts pointing her perky nipples upward, her belly, thighs, and vulva covered in cum, with a puddle under her on the sofa. I pat myself on the back -- that is a well-fucked woman!
I pick her up and carry her up the stairs, head snuggled to my neck; I lie her on the bed, cover her with a sheet, and go shower. There will be a Katy wet spot on the bed tonight, just as there is one on the sofa and side chair. I may make her sleep in I - that would serve the little nympho right! I laugh inside.
In the shower I replay events yet again, finding myself wildly exhilarated and energetic. After dressing quietly I clean the couch with the upholstery cleaner still sitting out from the morning, lay a towel on the wet spot, and go get the boys. They are thrilled to see me, and I think their grandparents are too. I love on the boys, explain that we got in late, Katy got up early, and she needed a nap. A heart-felt thanks to Granny and Grampa, and we are off to the playground for an afternoon romp, letting mommy sleep awhile longer.
Back at the house before it gets dark, the lights are on and Mommy! Mommy! is waiting. Tons of hugs, stories about what they did on their adventures with the grandparents, a bubble bath in Mommy's tub, a couple of bedtime stories read by Mommy and Daddy, and they are fast asleep. I lead Mommy over to our bedroom, tell her how awesome she looks in her little pale blue sweatsuit, and begin kissing her.
She pulls away to tell me she's sore inside and very tired. I accede, change into my sleeping shorts, crawl under the covers, and lie in wait. She returns in a long cotton gown, hoping, I guess, that I'll find her so unattractive I'll let her sleep. Fat chance -- she looks luscious.
She climbs in bed, leans over to kiss me goodnight, and inadvertently flashes her pretty white titties with pretty pink nipples slightly distended. As she gives me a gentle kiss I wrap her in my arms, flip her over so I control the kiss, squeezing her to me; I rub her titties and pull on her nipples with one hand, and run my other hand over her back, her butt, the back of her thighs. She tries to wiggle away, at first, but senses my passion is too great and kind of lies back in acquiescence.
Her cheek, her ears, neck, chest, the top of her breasts, all covered in kisses. The hem of her gown is raised under her arms, and kisses are lavished all around her breasts, her belly, her hips, her thighs, her mons, her labia, until suddenly she comes to life, moaning and grasping at my head.
"Please baby. I'm so sore. You wore me out today. I don't think I can take anymore. Please" she pleads. My mouth is busy, tasting her, pleasuring her, relaxing her, inflaming her. She begins to moan as I focus my attentions on her clit. I move up between her thighs, which she readily spreads to give me access.
I slip my shorts off, lie on top of her, and then roll her over on top of me. "You're in control, sweetheart. I don't want to hurt you, but I want you. I need you. Make love to me, Sweet Angel."
She looks deep into my green eyes with her green eyes, and kisses me in a sweet but lusty way. Her breasts are pressed into my chest, her mons pressing against me, her thighs straddling me. She slides downward, impaling herself on my cock, moaning and whimpering as she slides further and further down.
She holds still for a minute or so, groans, and whimpers, "Oh, this hurts, but it hurts so good! What's gotten into us, baby? You want me all the time, and I can't tell you no."
I tell her "this is what happens when she spends 7 hours teasing me, making me and all the boys go crazy with lust for the most beautiful and sexiest girl we've ever seen. You're responsible, and this is consequence!"
She purrs, works her pussy on my cock, and says she needs to tease me more often -- today has been better than our honeymoon; she's never had this many orgasms, and...uhhh...she's about to have another...ooooooooooooooo!
I grasp her tight butt and begin to thrust up into her, not enough to hurt her tender insides, but enough to maintain the sensation. Her orgasm had ebbed, but now it begins to flow, building and building until it breaks on top of me again. I continue, steadily pushing in and pulling out, pulling her hips in a circle to maximize the sensations inside her, and on my cock.
She rises up, presses her beast to my mouth, rearranges her hips, and begins to ride my cock. In and out and all around, she works her sweet pussy on my cock, moaning and telling me she love me and I'm driving her crazy, and she's going to cuuuuuummmm! Her pussy grasps my cock, sucking and pulling at it, and pulling the meager amount of cum I've got left from my balls.
She slowly collapses on top of me, melding our bodies together from head to foot while keeping my slowly deflating dick buried inside her. She purrs as she snuggles against me, and I hold her possessively.
After a few minutes, she raises her head, looks me in the eye and gently says: "Sweetie, I don't care how crazy oversexed you are -- there will be no more fuckee-fuckee tonight! I didn't know it was possible, but I'm totally fucked out. I want to clean up and SLEEP!"
Chuckling, I respond that I think she is safe from my evil clutches for the rest of today (which only has two more hours), but I can't promise anything for tomorrow. She grins and says that tomorrow is another day; she'll be recuperated and ready to go then. We clean up, climb in bed, kiss good night, and she slips away from me a few inches; I try to spoon her, but she tells me no, she doesn't trust me: I need to stay on my side! I quietly laugh and settle in. Within minutes we're asleep.