Scott's day was dragging, as tended to happen when there was something to look forward to. Dealing with staff and customers had kept him busy for the afternoon, but the occasional reminder of his earlier phone call would pop back into his mind, sending a flush through his body before he forced himself to concentrate on whatever it took to stop any visible signs of his excitement.
At five to five, he started end of trade procedures, keen to get the customers out of the store and staff sent home so they could close on time. He was looking forward to getting home to his girlfriend.
Finally closing the doors, he rushed to his car. Sliding in behind the driver's seat, he began the mindless drive home. He knew the drive well enough to get home on autopilot -- leaving his mind to think of more interesting, exciting things. He couldn't help but think of his girlfriend, wondering -- would she still be in the lingerie set as directed, or would she have put something else on? He couldn't decide whether he was more eager to see her sexy curves in his favourite lingerie, or if he hoped she'd disobeyed him so he could redden her ass with a spanking he knew would make her wet.
Scott decided that he hoped she had kept the lingerie on. The thought of Tiffany opening the door to him wearing only her bra and panties was very erotic, particularly after their earlier call. He loved the idea that a passer by might catch a slight glimpse of his girlfriend and the idea of her naughtiness being exposed sent another thrill through him. He couldn't wait to get home to see her and serve a little payback for the stunt she had pulled.
Pulling into his driveway and removing the key from the ignition, Scott climbed out of the car and made his way to the front door, watching keenly in anticipation of it being opened. As he reached the closed door, he frowned; maybe Tiff hadn't heard him pull up? Disgruntled, he rang the doorbell. Tiffany knew he expected her to answer the door, so surely she wouldn't be long ... right?
Ten minutes later, Scott was staring out to the street, frustration evident on his face. Unwilling to wait any longer, he pulled his keys from his pocket and slid them into the lock. As the door swung open, Scott took a step forward then stopped in his tracks. His mouth dropped open in surprise at the sight before him.
* * *
Tiffany heard the key in the lock tumble and kept her eyes lowered, her breathing becoming shallow with nerves. She had obeyed Scott's instructions to maintain the clothes (or lack thereof) she had been wearing since their phone call but had intentionally disobeyed his instruction that she open the door to him when he returned home. She had heard the car pull into the drive way, and had remained in her spot, waiting for him to enter the house. As she heard the door now swing open, her heart raced as she prayed that her gamble would pay off and that the spanking would be avoided, for now at least.
She heard his heavy footsteps and, from her position kneeling on the floor, could see his shoes as he stepped inside the door. Her eyes remained fixed on his shoes, the silence deafening as she silently begged for him to say something, or at least take another step forward.
Scott, however, was rooted to the spot and unable to move it seemed at the sight of his girlfriend in front of him. Noticing that she had obeyed his instruction (in part, at least), he relished the sight of her creamy curves set off by the delicious pink lingerie set (he was afraid of destroying this one day as he tore it from her body). He was suddenly pleased that she had disobeyed his second order (although was determined not to let her see his pleasure at her defiance).
"I didn't think you'd find it so hard to follow my instructions," he started with a low growl.
Surprised at the reprimand, Tiffany looked up to her boyfriend with wide eyes, ready to defend herself when she caught the smirk on his face. She couldn't help but smile back at him, sweetly answering, "I thought this was a more fun way to welcome you home."
Looking down at her, Scott couldn't help but agree. He was familiar with the thick toys she had been using during their earlier phone call, and they made the occasional appearance in the bedroom; but he had not, in his wildest fantasies, imagined the sight before him.
Tiffany's thick vibrator was firmly stuck to the floor at the foot of their stairs. He could see only an inch or two, shining with juices between her thighs as she had sunk down onto it. She was on her knees, her feet tucked underneath and her legs splayed, the pink Brazilian cut panties pushed to the side to make way for her toy, showing a hint of her smooth waxed pussy. Her hands were crossed behind her, forcing her chest and her milky breasts to jut forward as her back arched.
A movement behind Scott caught Tiffany's attention and she suddenly saw their neighbour, Tom, walking his dog on the sidewalk through the still open front door.
"Umm, do you think you might want to close the door?" Tiffany asked Scott, blushing furiously as a look of shock registered on Tom's face as they made eye contact from a distance.
Scott glanced behind him and chuckled. He moved toward the door, nodding to acknowledge Tom as he swung it closed. He turned his attention to his girlfriend, catching her squirming as the toy inside her caused obvious pleasure.
He felt his cock twitch, rock hard not only at his girlfriend in front of him but reminded of their earlier phone call at the sight of her toy. His hands dropped to his zipper, sliding it down and pulling his cock from his pants, stroking it slowly as he approached Tiffany.
"So, what was your intention in answering the door like this?" he asked, sternly.
Tiffany was struggling to contain herself, the toy inside her vibrating intensely as she was acutely aware of the cock in front of her. She watched him stroke, eager to taste him, as she responded.
"To show you what you missed earlier," she replied, cheekily.
He stood in front of her, his cock at her eye level. A fresh wave of juices flooded her, her mouth watering as the object of her desire was within arms distance. She looked up at him, awaiting his instructions.
Scott looked down at his girlfriend, marvelling at the sight before him. He knew how much she loved to give head, and, watching her, there were subtle signs of how much she wanted it in that moment. Her mouth was open slightly, a subtle bite of her lip; her chest had flushed red with her excitement, rising and falling at a rapid rate as her breathing became faster. Her big brown eyes were wide, desperate with her desire as they were trained on the glistening tip of his cock.
"Tiffany," he said softly, her attention drawn from his cock to meet his eyes. He nodded at her.
Tiffany's attention dropped back to her boyfriend's cock in front of her. Her tongue darted out, licking the tip, the taste of his precum making her pussy clench. She wrapped her lips around him, her hands holding his thighs, as she began to swallow his length. He was slightly too tall for her to remain seated on her vibrator -- so, to swallow him further down her throat, she rose slightly, the vibrator sliding out of her slick pussy. A sudden feeling of emptiness overwhelmed her as she felt the tip of Scott's hard cock touch the back of her throat.
Her pussy too empty, she sank back down on her vibrator, a soft groan escaping her lips as she was filled, Scott's cock sliding out of her mouth. Desperate to find a happy medium, she began to ride the vibrator, alternating between a full pussy and just a taste of cock, and a feeling of emptiness while her mouth was rewarded with his cock thrust so deep it was touching her throat. With every upward thrust, she would take him as deep down her throat as she could, her throat tightening around him as she gagged. His hands tangled in her hair, gently guiding her head as she blew him.
Sensation began to overwhelm her as she felt her orgasm building. Small moans escaped her mouth, muffled around Scott's cock. As he enjoyed the velvety softness of his girlfriend's mouth, he could feel the vibration of her noises, her throat constricting around him -- the tell-tale signs of her own arousal. He could tell she was getting closer to orgasm, when he suddenly pulled back. Tiffany whimpered and tried to move toward him, the object of her desire suddenly out of reach as she was on the edge of her second, desperately needed, orgasm.
"No," Scott commanded sternly, and she stopped, looking up at him, awaiting his instructions.
"Upstairs, in bed. Now."
Tiffany looked at him in disbelief, her eyes wide. The frustration welled in her as she resisted Scott's instructions.
He looked down, narrowing his eyes. "Now," he growled.
With a slight whimper, she rose from her kneeling position, the toy sliding from her slick pussy, glistening with her juices. She turned to pick it up, bending over in front of Scott as she did so, feeling his hands tracing the lace of her panties and kneading her ass. She smiled as she straightened and raced up the stairs.
When Scott reached their room, Tiffany was standing by the bed, awaiting his instructions.
He sat in the chair at the side of the bed and watched her. Tiffany looked at him curiously, unsure of what he intended.
"I want you to show me what you were doing earlier," he told her, carefully watching her reaction. She blushed as she looked at the bed, remembering their phone call, glancing back to him as a cheeky idea formed.
Her cheeks red, she replied to him, "I will, but I want you on the bed."
Tiffany gave Scott room as he moved to sit in the middle of the bed, leaning back against the headboard, watching her curiously. She knelt beside him, raising one leg to straddle him, settling firmly in his lap as her mouth met his, their tongues dancing and their bodies pressed firmly to each other. Tiffany's hands dropped to Scott's shirt, tugging the hem up, their lips separating briefly as she pulled it up over his head to expose his bare chest. Her hands reached behind her to unclasp her bra, letting the straps slide down her shoulders and the material fall from her, exposing her full breasts, pressed firmly against Scott's chest, bare skin against bare skin, as their lips once again met.
Scott's hard cock was throbbing, straining against his pants as Tiffany ground against him. One hand on his girlfriends back, pulling her to him, the other tangled in her hair, holding firmly and angling her head up to expose her bare neck, his eager mouth nibbling and sucking at the tender flesh. A gasp escaped Tiffany's lips as her hands fumbled at the clasp of Scott's pants, eager to expose the object of her desire. As it finally came free, as Tiffany was tugging the zipper down again, she heard Scott murmur against her neck "don't forget, I want to see you".
Tiffany raised herself from Scott's lap and turned away from him to their drawers, retrieving the toys she had been using earlier, shielding him from view before she turned back to him. The toys were laid on the bed next to them as she delicately wrapped one of Scott's neckties around each of his wrists, before securing them to the bedposts.
Scott looked at her curiously as she gathered the toys from the bed, sternly questioning "what do you think you're doing?" as she tugged on his left wrist to ensure his restraint was secure.
She remained in her kneeling position, rising to her knees to stop grinding against him, as she looked up to him and sweetly answered "showing you what you asked for".
Collecting her toys from the bed beside Scott, she scooted down to give herself a little room. As Scott watched her cradle the thick vibrator in her small hand, the pale toy a stark contrast against her tanned skin, a frustrated groan escaped him.
"No..." he started, eyes wide as he was struck by the sudden realisation of what his girlfriend intended.
She grinned at him, as she replied "But you asked to see what I was doing earlier. I'm showing you, just like you wanted."
Tiffany dropped the vibrator between her legs as her hands roved over her body. She started explaining.
"When I first called you, I was laying in this bed in the bra I just took off, and these panties", she started, one hand at her hip, trailing over the lace. "I started like this," she said, pleased to see his eyes follow the movement of one hand to cup her breast, gently rolling the nipple between her fingers to elicit a gentle gasp from her lips.
"Then my other hand..." she started, her voice trailing as her movements showed him what he had missed. Scott watched the hand that had been on her hip slide under the delicate material, watching the movement and hint of skin as her fingers slid between her wet slit, a deep moan escaping her lips as her finger grazed her clit, sending a jolt of pleasure through her body.
Removing her hand from her panties, she raised her wet fingers to her mouth, her tongue darting out to tenderly lick her juices from her fingertip, closing her eyes as she relished the taste. Looking back to Scott, shock was evident on his face as his mouth watered. He loved how his girlfriend tasted, and he was growing increasingly uncomfortable as his hard cock strained against his pants.
Looking down at him with a cheeky grin, Tiff offered, "would you like a taste?" as her hand lowered to his lips. He eagerly sucked her finger, voicing a guttural groan as her taste filled his mouth. As she gently withdrew it, Scott watched as her fingers returned to the edge of her panties, this time tracing the line from her hip to her crotch. The delicate lace showed just the slightest flash of her bare pussy, making him ache for her. Fortunately, his wish to see more was soon answered, as Tiffany's panties were pushed to the side, again revealing her pink slit.
He watched her other hand pick up the thick toy, placing it between her thighs so the tip of the vibrator rested, just barely, against her entry.
"And then this," she explained, her eyes flicking down to watch the toy as she held it firmly, allowing her body to sink down, "was inside me," she finished with a deep moan, her wet pussy allowing the thick toy to easily slide insider her.
Scott watched his girlfriend's face and chest flush a deep red, her pleasure evident as the toy bottomed out inside her, filling her completely. His cock was impossibly hard in his pants, simultaneously wanting the ties to be loosened so he could have his way with her, and for the show to go on. Keen to see what would happen, he encouraged her.
"And then?" he asked.
Tiffany's eyes closed as she remembered their earlier phone call, loving the feeling of her toy inside of her as her primal urges took over, the toy sliding out of her a little.
"And then I fucked myself," she answered shakily as she began to do just that. One hand roved over her body; from cupping her breasts and rolling her nipple, to stroking her clit, or bracing herself against Scott's chest. The other, which Scott was keenly focused on, firmly grasped the vibrator, turning it up to the highest setting, glistening with juices as she fucked herself with deep, rhythmic strokes. He watched her chest rise and fall, her breathing becoming erratic as she squirmed on top of him, the signs of her impending orgasm evident.
Unable to take it any longer, his gravelly voice low, he instructed, "remove the ties".
Tiffany's eyes flew open, suddenly guiltily reminded of his inability, for the second time today, to have the same pleasure she was having.
Letting the toy fall from her hands and from her body, she moved forward. Straddling him, keenly aware of his hard cock, his pants the only thing between her wetness and the true object of her desire, she ground against him. She leaned forward, her bare breasts pressed against his chest as she kissed him, their lips crushed together, as she reached a hand up to the ties on his right arm, freeing him -- partly at least.
As their kiss deepened, tongues touching and teasing each other, his free hand came down to cup her breast, a sharp gasp escaping her as she pinched her nipple lightly.
Desperate to feel her man inside of her, Tiffany raised her hands to the tie securing Scott's left arm, her breasts in line with his mouth as his tongue swiped over her nipple, eliciting a sharp hasp. She was about to tug the tie free as a wicked idea occurred to her. Rather than removing the tie, Tiffany's fingers instead tangled in Scott's hair and she gently nibbled his lip, sucking it into her mouth.
Scott let out a deep moan, his voice becoming stern.
"Tiffany, I told you to remove the ties," he commanded, the warning clear.
She pulled back and smiled sweetly at him, answering "I will", before lowering her mouth to his again. His groan of frustration was muffled as her lips crushed against his.
Although one of Scott's arms was free, he was still rendered largely helpless as Tiffany moved to reposition herself. Lifting her lips from his, she scooted up, now kneeling over his chest. Scott could feel her wetness against his chest, his mouth craving a taste of her sweet pussy, just barely out of his reach.
Suddenly raising herself away from him, Tiffany spun around, her back now against the wall and her ass right in front of Scott's face, so close that, if he leaned forward, he was sure he'd be able to touch the lace covering what he so desperately desired.
It was unlike Tiffany to take control like this -- so it was a surprise to Scott when his girlfriend shuffled back further, so much so that he could feel the soft, thin lace of her panties against his cheek. He pressed his face closer to her, eager to taste her wetness. His mouth pressed against the wet lace; Tiffany's juices having soaked her panties. As she knelt over him, she had pinned his free arm down with her thighs, so he struggled, biting and licking at the material to uncover her smooth bare pussy. Finally revealing the lips, he buried his face in her hot mound, relishing her taste.
As Tiffany felt his lips on her pussy, a gasp escaped her and she threw her head back, enjoying the pure pleasure of the moment.
Scott swiped his tongue firmly over Tiffany's clit before delving into her pussy as she ground her hips against him, allowing him to work himself free a little. His free arm hooked over her hips, pulling her closer as he strained against the tie, the only thing stopping him from taking her completely. He heard a soft whimper escape her as he sensed a wave of pleasure rolling through her body, pressing herself hard again to him. She reached one arm behind her, fingers tangled in his hair and guiding his head as he devoured her. Scott's tongue probed his girlfriend deeper as she spread her thighs further for him.
Desperate to feel him inside her but enjoying his tongue too much to stop the pleasure, she settled on an alternate source for her satisfaction. Her fingers tugged his briefs to the side, his hard cock springing from their protection. As Scott's mouth explored her pussy, Tiffany lowered hers to his cock. She felt his moan against her tender flesh as her tongue swirled around him, taking him deep. Sensing his pleasure only heightened hers, and they began tasting each other with a renewed sense of urgency, each spurred on by the evident pleasure of the other.
Tiffany was so focused on the Scott's delicious, hard length that she didn't register his movements beneath her. Too late, she realised that he had loosened his other tie, as two thick fingers thrust inside her pussy. A sharp cry rose from her throat, muffled around his thick cock. Her arousal was so heightened that it took only a few firm, swift strokes of Scott's fingers, combined with his tongue on her clit, before she exploded in orgasm, her juices wetting Scott's face as he eagerly tasted her.
Tiffany's throat constricting around Scott's cock as she orgasmed only made him more aroused, and the desire for his girlfriend more urgent.
He moved determinedly, pushing her off him to lay on her back, one leg raised and over his shoulder, exposing her slick pussy as he moved between her thighs, thrusting inside of her, filling her in one swift stroke. Having not had the opportunity to recover, or fully come down, from her orgasm, Tiffany remained very sensitive and the pleasure coursing through her body was maintained at a high level as her boyfriend thrust inside her. As he pinned her down, penetrating her deeply, her chest heaved with deep breaths as she wrapped her hand around his back and raised herself to him, kissing him deeply, tasting herself on his lips.
Scott withdrew from her, leaving her suddenly empty, as he rolled her over and pulled his hips backward, so she was on her hands and knees. Tiffany lowered her chest to the bed, her back arched and her hips high s she pressed her pussy back toward him. Unable to resist any longer, Scott grasped her hips and thrust into her, filling her once again. Although she enjoyed the intimacy of their earlier position, there was nothing quite like the feeling of being bent over and properly fucked; of being allowed to give in to her primal urges and the inner slut that existed within her.
Bouncing her hips, Tiffany began to grind back against Scott, establishing a strong rhythm of deep fucking. Scott could focus only on the pleasure of his girlfriend's tight warmth wrapped around him as he buried himself inside her, he looked down and watched his thick shaft spearing her with each thrust.
Tiffany gave into sensation, reaching her hand back between her legs to stroke her clit. Knowing his girlfriend was pleasuring herself as he fucked her only spurred Scott on. As he continued his steady rhythm, harder and deeper with each thrust, he held one hand on her hips as the other reached forward, fingers tangling in Tiffany's hair and pulling back sharply, cause a sharp cry as he began riding her.
"Fuck me," she gasped, pleading with him.
"Harder," she begged.
He watched her body react to him, feeling her shiver with waves of pleasure as she neared orgasm, her ass jiggling against him. He couldn't help but drop his free hand to lightly spank her ass, causing a light red handprint against her white flesh. A sharp squeal escaped her lips and her pussy clenched around him at the surprise, intensifying their pleasure.
"Please," Tiffany begged him.
Instinctively knowing what his girlfriend desired, their speed increased, his need to orgasm just as intense as hers.
"Wait," he commanded gruffly, his instruction met by a soft whimper.
Tiffany was struggling to hold her orgasm at bay, the pleasure coursing through her body overwhelming as she again asked for permission to orgasm.
"Please," she whimpered, begging him again.
Unable to hold back himself, his final thrust into her came at the same time as his command.
"Cum," he ordered as he thrust hard against her, holding her hips, feeling her explode. Her muscles contracted around him, clenching tightly as he erupted inside her. Tiffany bucked back against him, riding her orgasm until she collapsed onto the bed below him.
Withdrawing from her wetness, Scott lowered himself to the bed beside her, his arms wrapped around her, tightly drawing her to him as they enjoyed the warm closeness that always followed an orgasm. He could sense the smile in Tiffany's voice as she nestled back against them.
"Sorry for teasing you today," she apologised softly, "and welcome home".
He tenderly kissed the back of his neck as he pulled her closer, thankful for the devilish, naughty mind of the woman in his arms.
* * *