I was pleased and relieved as I worked on breaking down our camp and packing our gear. We were going home today and this humiliating trip was just about over.
I was relieved because my girlfriend, Donna, had agreed that she would not have any more sex with my friends. Donna seemed a little confused by my request to stop the sex with the other guys. With a perplexed look on her beautiful face, she said, "I thought you liked for me to show off in front of the guys and to be a little naughty for you."
I admitted that I had encouraged her to act naughty, but said, "I think it has gotten out of hand."
Donna shrugged and said, "Whatever you want, baby. I hope you are not mad at me. I was just trying to be sex for you."
I told her I was not mad.
I smiled at her and thought to myself how lucky I was to have a girlfriend as spectacular as Donna. I couldn't figure out how I had gotten so lucky.
My buddy Shawn and I were carrying buckets of water from the river to make sure the campfire was out. As we walked into the camp site, Shawn said, "Oh, my God!"
I followed his eyes and saw Donna standing over one of our bags that we had packed for the return trip. Donna was topless. It was a stunning sight to see. She was out in the open and a couple of the other guys were openly staring at her as she bent over to look into the bag.
Donna's breasts were almost too good to be true. They were huge, firm and heavy, but the rest of her was slender. You would swear they had to be fake if you did not see them bounce around and sway as she moved. I would often just stare at her perfect chest.
Now she was standing topless in the middle of the camp with my friends staring at her. She was wearing only some short jean cut-offs.
I thought she was through showing off on this trip. To make matters worse (or better), when she bent over to dig around in the bag, her boobs swayed and jiggled as she moved. My cock immediately got hard at the sight. I really did like her to show off her awesome body.
I was a little irritated that she was already naked in public after our talk that morning. I said, "Donna, what are you doing?"
She raised up causing her boobs to move around some more and said, "Trying to find my dry bathing suit. It is purple. Have you seen it?'
"No, but what are you doing out here topless?"
"Well, the tent isn't up anymore and I needed to change into my bathing suit." She looked around at the other guys and said, "Besides, these guys have all seen my boobs a lot this week. This is nothing they haven't already seen."
"I thought you were through being naughty on this trip," I said sounding more whiny that I intended.
Donna said, "I am not really being naughty. I am just trying to change."
Like always, I was incapable of getting mad at her.
In a few minutes, she found her bathing suit and changed in full view of the entire camp. The guy I could not stand, Ross, was smirking the entire time Donna was changing. One would think that an asshole could not smirk, but this one did.
The best part of going home was that I was hopeful that I would never have to lay eyes on Ross again for the rest of my life. Bringing him on this trip had been a mistake and I was ready to be rid of him.
I was moving away to go to graduate school. Ross was from the town where the college was located. I figured Ross would go from being a second-string loser in college to a local unemployed loser after I was gone. I could not imagine anyone hiring a conceited punk like Ross.
I really hoped that he would smart off once too many times and someone would take him out. He had already been punched out twice on the camping trip. Ross had the uncanny ability to cause me to have dreams of homicide.
We loaded the boats and started down the river. The river was full and moving well. We were a long way from the place where we rented the boats. But with the swift current and some paddling, we could make it in a day. During the last part of the trip we figured we would run into people taking short day trips down the river in canoes and tubes.
About two miles down the river, we stopped on a sand bar because we knew of a small country store about a half mile from the river. Shawn and I grabbed our wallets and hiked to the store to get bags of ice. Donna, Don, Dave and Ross stayed with the boats.
When we returned with the ice, all of my buddies and Donna were laughing about something. Donna had a sort of guilty look on her face.
Nobody would tell us why they were laughing, but I suspected that it had something to do with Donna acting naughty. I tried not to dwell on it and went on.
We iced down the beer and headed down the river. The first beer of the day a few minutes later tasted great. We had been drinking lukewarm beer for parts of the trip.
As we paddled down the river, I asked Donna what they were laughing about when Shawn and I returned with the ice.
Donna said , "Oh, it was no big deal."
"No, tell me about it," I insisted.
Donna finally gave in and said, "It was not a big deal. Ross asked me to give them all blow jobs, but I said I couldn't."
"Why was that funny?'
"Well, they talked me into taking off my top. They said it was the least I could do since they couldn't cum in my mouth. So, I did that. I didn't think you would care about them just seeing my boobies again. I am pretty sure that it turns you on when I show off."
I said, "I wasn't even there! Why don't we talk about these things before you do them."
Donna said, "I am sorry. You know I love you with all of my heart. We were just goofing around. I didn't let anyone put a dick in my mouth. I should get some credit for that!"
I just said, "Okay, Darling."
I wondered to myself how these conversations with Donna about sex always seemed to come out wrong for me. I always ended up feeling like I was being a prude when I wanted her to act like a faithful girlfriend.
I was planning to marry her in about a year and I was hoping we could return to a more normal relationship. She didn't seem to see anything wrong with sucking someone else's dick or letting some guy fuck her. Showing off her huge boobs had become routine on this trip. I alternated between worried and turned on.
We had a great day on the river. The water was clear and beautiful. Donna had more beers than usual. It was a real treat to have the beers cold again. Donna was tipsy after a relatively short time and she continued to drink. She usually did not have more than one or two drinks.
By the middle of the afternoon, we started to see other people going down the river. There were all types of people on the river, but on a summer weekend day, we mostly saw extremely drunk college aged kids.
My buddies, Shawn and Don, were ahead of us on the river. We had not seen them in a while when we saw them paddling up river toward us. They turned around when they reached the other boats in our group.
Don said, "We have been around this next bend watching these girls flash their tits! They are having a big party and the girls are wasted. We want to pull over and watch for a while."
Flashing tits on the river during the summer was a fairly common occurrence. It was a tradition of sorts. My buddies, Don and Dave were pretty excited about it and they talked us into stopping to watch for a while. Donna just laughed at them and didn't seem to mind. She said she had never seen a girl flash in public.
We continued down the river and pulled over to the bank across from the big party. Other boats were stopped too.
Before too long, a couple of college aged girls started showing us and everyone else their tits. One of the girls was pretty cute. Another had big boobs, but was a little overweight. Everyone was cheering and laughing as the girls took turns flashing. Eventually, about five girls briefly pulled up their bikini tops. The drunken crowd of about fifty people were yelling and shouting as the girls put on a show. Our group joined in the cheers from across the river.
Donna was lying on some of the sleeping bags in our canoe laughing and drinking. I did not realize how drunk she was until she said to our group, "If I could stand up, I would show those girls some tits!"
I assumed she was kidding, but Don took her seriously and jumped out of his canoe to hoist Donna out of her spot in the canoe. Donna stood in the shallow water at the edge of the river and smiled at Don. She looked a little dazed.
Donna looked at me and cupped her breasts as if to ask me if it was okay to flash her tits. I laughed and nodded. Don saw me approve and said, "Alright! This is going to be awesome!"
At Don's request, I helped Donna climb up on a big boulder at the edge of the river. It was six or seven feet above the water and flat on top. It was a perfect stage for the crowd at the picnic and party across the river.
Don stood on the rock and shouted loudly across the river. "Ladies and gentlemen! You are about to witness the exposure of the nicest tits that have ever floated this river. Without further ado, I give you the magnificent Donna!"
Don stepped back and motioned for Donna to come forward. The crowd at the party across the river were all watching and many were moving closer on the far shore.
Donna came forward on the big boulder toward the crowd on the opposite shore. Her face was bright red and I could see her shaking. Her nipples were hard in her top. She started to untie the top of her bikini when she looked across the river at the big crowd that had gathered on the other shore. Some guys were yelling rude words of encouragement. Many were cheering when they saw Donna's body.
Donna froze for a minute and then turned and ran into my arms. She ducked her head into my chest and said, "I can't do this. I am so embarrassed!"
I was in the process of telling her it was okay and that she didn't have to do this when the drunken crowd on the other shore started booing. It was surprisingly loud.
Donna raised her head and turned to look at the angry crowd. Don said, "Come on Donna! You can't let those other girls show you up."
Donna's face turned crimson in color again as she thought about stripping in public. The crowd was continuing to boo and some of the drunk guys were calling her a tease and various other names. She looked like she might cry. I could see tears welling up in her eyes as she said, "These people are booing me."
I tried to tell her it didn't matter, but she was only hearing the boos by the crowd. The crowd seemed to be getting bigger as every boat and tube coming down the river was stopping to see what was happening.
Donna gave me a big hug and said, "I am going to show them!"
She turned and faced the crowd on the other bank. Everybody could clearly see her nipples through her bikini top. Her nipples were stiff as a board. She was completely turned on and totally embarrassed.
The other girls had quickly pulled up their tops and then put them back on in an instant. Donna stood at the edge of the rock looking at the crowd and untied the back of her top. The crowd was yelling. She then untied the knot behind her neck on her string bikini.
Donna's huge F cup boobs fell out of the bikini top. They bounced and swayed in front of the crowd. Her face was red, but she had a big smile on her face as an enormous cheer rose from the crowd. It was hard to believe a crowd of fifty or sixty people could make that much noise.
Donna dropped her top on the ground and stood there striking sexy poses for the crowd. Her smile got bigger and bigger. Her nipples remained stiff. Her face stayed red. I could tell she was loving this! My cock was hard as a rock watching her.
I thought she was about finished when she turned her back to the crowd. She smiled at me. Then, with her legs straight, she bent at the waist showing her little ass to the crowd. She looked incredibly sexy from my vantage point because I could see her big boobs hanging down as she showed her tan legs and ass to the crowd.
Then, Donna reached her hands to the waist of her bikini bottoms and in one quick motion pulled the bottoms to the ground. She stepped out of the bottoms and then spread her legs as she bent forward again at the waist. The girl I wanted to marry was showing her naked ass and pussy to a crowd of strangers.
If it is possible, the crowd roared even louder as my cute girlfriend stood naked with her legs spread before a crowd of rowdy people. Donna bent over and looked at the crowd through her long straight legs. It was amazing!
Guys were now crossing the river to get a closer look at Donna. Donna was now striking nasty poses. She bent and shook her big F cups at the crowd. She did the splits in the nude. She showed the crowd everything.
Finally, she looked at the guys at the base of the rock and said, "I am really hungry. I have been drinking all day without any food. Do you guys have any food over there?"
Several young guys said yes.
Without putting on her bathing suit, Donna hopped off of the rock with boobs bouncing and started across the river with a group of about fifteen guys. I got her attention as she was entering the water and asked if she wanted her swim suit. Donna smiled and said, "All these guys have seen everything already. There is nothing to hide. "
I grabbed her swim suit and started after her. I couldn't get too close because of the crowd gathered around her as she crossed the river. I was close enough to see at least two guys grab her boobs as she waded and swam across the river. Donna did not stop them. She just acted like nothing happened as she was felt up by strangers. She was smiling and chatting with the guys as she moved slowly across the clear, cool river.
On the other side of the river I saw several more guys grab Donna's naked boobs. Donna just smiled at them and quietly said, "Be nice!" as they felt her up. I am sure guys were also grabbing her naked ass, but I couldn't see very well.
When the drunk guys in the crowd realized Donna was not going to get mad if they felt her up, others joined in. Donna's breasts always looked big, but seeing how a guy could only grab a part of a boob in his hand showed how huge they were. It really took two hands to squeeze one of Donna's boobs.
Donna finally arrived with her crowd of admirers to a table full of food and she began to eat fried chicken and chips soon after she arrived. She looked completely sexy standing nude in the middle of a bunch of horny guys.
It wasn't easy, but I finally pushed my way through the crowd to Donna. A couple of guys were squeezing her boobs as she ate. When she saw me, she removed the hand from her right boob. Just seeing that made my dick hard for some reason.
Donna looked at me with her big blue eyes and said, "Hi, baby! This is more fun than I ever imagined!"
A guy from behind her groped both of her boobs as we talked. Donna just calmly kept talking to me as she was fondled. Eventually, she turned to the guy and said with a sweet smile, "That is probably enough."
She was continually being groped and felt up as we talked. I was trying to get her to get dressed, but she just ignored me and chatted with guys who were pinching her nipples and rubbing her ass as they talked to her.
She leaned into me and whispered, "Darling, you can't believe how many guys have asked me if they can fuck me or put their penises in my mouth! It is pretty flattering to have so many guys come on to me. A lot of them seemed to be hard when they rubbed up against me."
I thought I had seen Donna smile and grab the crotch of a couple of guys. Now that I was next to her, I saw her grab the dicks of several of the guys feeling her up. She kept doing it with me standing right in front of her. She squeezed my cock and remarked about how hard it was.
I was thinking that she had no idea how sexy she was as she smiled at me and said, "Maybe, I should take off my clothes more often."
It took a while, but I finally talked her into putting on her bathing suit and returning to the boats. I was not too popular with the guys from the party. The girls at the party seemed glad to see Donna go. She smiled her beautiful smile and waved as we headed on down the river.
After we rounded the next bend, I asked Donna why she let all of those guys feel her up. She turned and looked at me with her big blue eyes and said, "Ever since I developed these boobs a year or two ago, guys have been grabbing my boobs wherever I go. Young guys and older men cop a feel. Women even grope me. Everyone stares at my chest. I like being a sex object sometimes. I had boyfriends when I was an A cup, but nobody was groping me in public places. I kinda like it."
We made it back to the camp where we had rented the canoes and other boats and I went inside with Shawn to pay our bill and check the boats in. I received a call from my boss about a problem at work. Several people were on vacation and one of my former coworkers was sick. The boss begged me to come fill in and said he would only keep me there if he absolutely needed me. I told him I would come in even though I was technically finished working there. I liked my boss and wanted to help him.
As we were paying the bill inside the camp office, a young guy at the other end of the counter said to the man helping us, "Oh my God! You have to come see this!"
Shawn looked at me and said, "Guess who?"
We all went to look out the window and saw Donna topless on the shore while Don, Dave and Ross played keep away with her bikini top. Donna was laughing and jumping trying to catch her top. Of course, her giant boobs were bouncing as she ran and jumped. I saw a mother grabbing her children and running them away from the voluptuous topless woman.
While we watched, Dave eventually gave Donna her top. Donna put it back on with a crowd watching. My cock got hard as I watched Donna heave her boobs into her top and then adjust the top to cover her hard nipples. I started to wonder if everyone in the county was going to have seen Donna's boobs before long.
After we finished paying, I went out to get Donna and say goodbye to my buddies. Donna said, "Darling, I invited everyone to our apartment for burgers and some drinks. We need an official end to the trip!"
I told her that I need to go help my boss at work. Donna told me that she was sure it wouldn't be too long and that she would get the grill going for us while I was gone. I had no idea how long I would be at work and I wanted to spend time alone with my girlfriend. However, I loved her so much, I could not say no when she looked at me with her big blue eyes and pleaded with me.
We went home and cleaned up. I asked Donna who was coming and when. Donna said that everyone from the trip was coming and would be over in about an hour. I was stunned that she had invited Ross. She knew I had no use for him, but she told me it would have been rude for her to leave him out.
Donna gave me a sexy look and said, "Let's mess around before you leave. It really made me horny to take off my clothes in front of all those people! I need you so badly right now!"
I was dying to have sex with her, but I was already late for work. I told her we would have sex tonight for sure. Donna sighed and looked incredibly sad and disappointed. She made me promise to hurry.
Donna gave me a long, hot kiss as I left with her tongue deep in my mouth. I left with a hard-on.
Donna loved sex, but this was the horniest I had ever seen her.
I headed for work and hoped I could be back soon.
After a couple of hours at work, I realized I would have to stay for most of the shift. I sent Donna a text and told her that.
She was upset that I could not come home. She sent me two pics of her cooking hamburgers. She was wearing her white nightgown. The top was a lace push-up bra and the rest of the short nightgown was thin, sheer white material that was transparent. The angle of the pic showed an incredible amount of cleavage.
The second pic showed her standing next to the grill with someone grabbing both of her boobs. I thought that the hands looked like Ross' hands. That pissed me off.
I also noticed that I could not see any underwear under her sheer nightgown.
I called Donna immediately even though we were not supposed to make personal calls at work. Donna answered with a happy laugh, "Hi, baby! Are you coming to the party now?"
"I can't right now, Darling. What is going on there? Why are you wearing a nightgown?"
"Oh, I thought that since this is the party for the end of the camping trip that I would wear it for the campers one last time. Some of our neighbors were out on their balconies watching me cook the burgers."
She whispered into the phone, "It really turned me on for all of those guys from school that live in our apartment complex to see me in just my nightgown. They also saw the guys grope me a little. I am wet. Please, come home!"
"I would love to, but I can't yet. What underwear are you wearing under that nightgown?"
Donna replied, "Oh, when I put it on for the party I figured out that you could see my underwear in this outfit, so I took off my panties before everyone came over."
"Baby, without panties, everyone can see your ass and pussy!"
"You really think so?" she asked. "I thought it was just the panties that showed through."
"Yes, baby," I said. "I am sure you can see through that nightgown."
"Oh, well," she giggled. "It is too late now. Everyone in the apartment complex has seen my butt. That explains why so many of the guys were grabbing my ass as I was cooking. They normally fondle my breasts."
I said, "It looks like in the photos they are fondling your breasts, too."
She laughed and said, "Yeah, I guess so."
For the next hour or so, my buddies and Donna sent me pics of Donna being felt up by my friends and Ross. In some of the photos Donna was topless. Her big heavy boobs were out of the top of her gown. In one of the photos, Ross was pulling up her gown to fully expose her pussy. The sight of Ross touching my girlfriend turned my stomach.
In the photos, Donna looked drunk and horny. She had this big lovely smile on her face in all of the photos even though one or two guys were fondling her in each photo. I knew her so well that I recognized the look on her face which said that she was extremely horny.
I knew I needed to get home soon. Donna was as horny as I had ever seen her when I left and the situation was obviously getting worse with alcohol and getting felt up. I called my boss and told him that I had to get home. I even told him it was a family emergency. To me, it was. My boss said he would come relieve me as soon as he could.
I received a few more photos of my girlfriend being groped by my friends and that butthead, Ross. The photos made my dick hard.
Then, I received a call from Donna. She was slurring her words a little and seemed hesitant. She said, "The guys wanted me to call you. They want to play a game and I said I would only do it if you said okay. It was Ross' idea, but all of us want to play."
I didn't like the sound of this game, but I asked what game they wanted to play.
Donna ignored my question and said, "At first when I heard this idea, I thought it would be humiliating for me, but the more I thought about it the sexier it seemed. I am starting to think I am an exhibitionist or something."
I asked again about the game.
Donna said, "It is not really a game. What we do is this. I go into the bedroom with a guy and let him shoot his sperm on my face or breasts. Then, I come out in the living room in front of everyone and eat the sperm with everyone watching."
"That is not a game! I said. That is just group sex."
I realized that Donna really wanted to do this when she said, "I won't be having sex. I will just be helping these guys ejaculate and then eat it in front of everyone. I know it will be a little bit demeaning, but It sort of excited me to think about all of these guys watching me stand in our living room eating cum."
I was freaking out. I could tell Donna had already made up her mind, but the last thing I wanted was all of those guys in our bedroom alone with Donna when she was this horny. I asked, "What did you tell the guys?"
"Don't get mad, but I sort of told them I would do it."
"I thought you said you would only do it if I said okay."
"I did. But, then I promised them I would keep begging you until you said yes."
I didn't know what to do. Donna eating cum in public sounded very sexy and it turned me on, but I was tired of my friends(and Ross who was not my friend) messing around with my girlfriend. I said, "I think we should wait until I get home. My boss is on his way to relieve me."
Donna took that response the wrong way and assumed I was saying that it was okay but to wait until I got home. "Oh, baby! Thank you! You are so cool. I love you to death! I can't wait to tell all of your friends!"
I didn't correct her and sort resigned myself to one more night of being embarrassed as my hot girlfriend is assaulted by my friends(and Ross). I thought that I could at least keep Ross from cumming on her.
A minute later I received a text from Don with a photo of all of my friends surrounding Donna. Donna was topless and leaning forward to let her boobs hang down. All my buddies were giving the thumbs up sign. The message was, "Hurry home!"
About thirty minutes later, I walked into my apartment. A cheer went up from everyone who was there(except maybe Ross). I received a big drunken, busty kiss from Donna and handshakes from my buddies. Don handed me a beer and Dave started saying, "I am ready to get started!"
Apparently the order had been decided before I arrived and Dave was first and I was to be last.
Donna looked incredible in her little white nightgown. Her boobs looked perfect and showed a lot of cleavage in the white lace bra that was the top of the nightgown. And, as I had told her, the rest of the short gown was sheer. I could plainly see Donna's ass and her freshly shaved pussy.
I had major misgivings about this game. Donna was very horny and these guys were supposed to go into our bedroom with Donna and cum on her. I also knew that it would be embarrassing to me for Donna to eat their cum in front of these guys. I felt like I couldn't say no now, so I was stuck.
I tried to have a private conversation with my girlfriend, but it didn't go too well. She was clearly drunk and anxious to start the game.
I said to her, "Baby, don't be too naughty while you play this game."
Donna looked at me with a confused look and said, "I will try my best, but that will be hard for me since the purpose of the game is to make these guys cum on me and then to eat it in front of everyone."
I stumbled for my words and said, "Yes, I know. But I hope you won't have to be too naughty."
She sort of raised her eyebrows and said, "Okay, I will do my best, baby. However, I think you will enjoy this more if you just relax and watch me being a little nasty with your friends. I will have a hard time retaining my dignity while doing these things. You know I love you with all of my heart and I am only doing this to turn you on."
I did like for Donna to act sexy in public, but I wasn't too sure she was doing this for me. All of the guys could tell that I was trying to talk Donna out of this game. They seemed relieved when she bounced into the living room and said, "Let's play!"
Donna grabbed Dave's huge hand and headed toward the bedroom. Dave was a great guy and was enormous. He played defensive tackle and was a giant man. He loved big tits and I knew he had lusted after Donna for as long as we had known her. Dave always reminded me of a big sloppy St. Bernard.
Don ran to turn the music off so that we could hear Donna and Dave in the bedroom.
Everyone in the living room was smiling and laughing except me who was nauseous. I was mad at myself for having a hard dick as I was permitting my girlfriend to be used by a group of men. My stomach felt queasy and I was breaking into a sweat.
Don was listening at the wall of the bedroom and Shawn sat drinking with me. From what Shawn was saying to me, he assumed I was into my girlfriend having sex with other guys. It did turn me on, but I was really ready for some normal sex with my hot girlfriend.
After five or ten minutes, we heard Dave say, "Donna, I want to fuck those big titties!"
We also heard Donna giggle as he said it.
Don from his place listening through the wall said, "She is letting him titty fuck her!"
A few minutes later we heard Dave say loudly, "Suck that cock, Donna! Do it baby!"
Then we heard Dave say, "That is awesome, Donna! I am about to cum!"
Donna said, "Don't cum on my nightgown, Dave. Cum on my face and breasts!"
Soon we heard Dave moan and groan loudly as he came on Donna. We heard some little squeals from Donna as the moans from Dave continued for a long time. Finally, there was silence from the bedroom.
The door opened and Donna came into the living room stark naked with a large amount of white, wet cum on her face and breasts. Apparently Dave's cumshots are big like the rest of him.
The guys all cheered. I asked, "Donna, what happened to your nightgown?
Donna looked at me and said defensively, "I didn't want to get sperm stains all over it, so I had to take it off."
She looked absolutely stunning in the nude with cum all over her. Donna stood in front of us with her arms at her sides. She made no effort to hide herself. She smiled at us and had that aroused look in her eye. Some cum was dripping from her chin.
"Should I start eating his sperm?" Donna asked.
Ross said, "Lick it off your tits with your tongue."
Donna nodded her head and lifted her two big firm breasts up to her face and began to lick the cum off of the them. She was slurping away at the cum covering her tits and dripping off of her face onto her big jugs. She looked completely nasty as she did this.
While holding her boobs to her face, she started scooping cum off her chest into her mouth. The guys were beside themselves. Periodically, she would lick her hard nipples. My dick was so hard I was about to burst.
Donna was smiling and slurping up sperm like a starving woman. My buddies were telling her where she had more cum on her face to swallow. She would either lick it up if she could reach it with her tongue or scoop it into her mouth. She swallowed without hesitation.
Ross said, "Donna, don't you think your parents would be proud if they could see you now?"
Donna kept licking and said, "I sure hope my parents never hear about this."
I said to Ross, "Shut the fuck up."
Ross said, "Your girlfriend likes to be humiliated and embarrassed. As you can see, she has no self respect."
"Fuck you, Ross," I said as I started to get to my feet.
Donna stopped me and said, "You guys be nice. I won't take offense to anything that you guys say while we are playing this game. You don't have to defend me, baby."
I was still pissed off at Ross, but it was clear that Donna didn't want me to fight with him.
Ross looked rather smug and said, "Who is next with the slut?
I pointed at him and said, "Donna won't always be around to protect you, assface."
Everyone but Ross laughed.
Donna said with a bright smile, "I think it is Don's turn."
My buddy Don jumped up and headed for the bedroom. He was as excited as I had ever seen him.
Don, knowing that we were all listening, gave a running commentary on what Donna was doing to him. First, she was sucking his dick. Then, she was titty fucking him. From experience, I can testify that Donna's huge young boobs around your cock is spectacular. Don sounded like he was already losing control.
I could have predicted what she would do next because it is one of her specialties. Donna continued to fuck Don's cock between her tits, but started deep throating the entire cock every time he lunged forward toward her mouth. It is not only an awesome sight to see when she is doing it to you, but it feels almost indescribably good.
Very few girls have tits big enough to titty fuck a guy with the cock in front of her mouth. Even fewer girls can swallow a cock that is pumping between her breasts. I wondered how long Don could keep this up.
The answer came in just a minute or two. Don screamed and obviously began to cum on Donna. The screams were loud and theatrical. Donna quietly giggled as Don came.
Donna came out of the bedroom a minute or two later and did a little dance move. The move caused her big hooters to sway and bounce. I loved to watch Donna's boobs. They continued to move and bounce for quite a while after the rest of her body stopped. My cock was hard watching her.
Donna had cum on her chin and cheek. Even more of the cum was on her boobs.
Donna stood in front of us with her slender waist, small butt and giant tits. She lifted her boobs and started licking Don's cum off of her boobs. The guys were all cheering her on. She obviously enjoyed the attention.
A big glob of cum came off her face and hit the floor.
Ross said, "Lick it up, whore!"
Donna quickly went to her hands and knees and started licking up the cum. Ross turned to Dave and said, "Can you believe that anyone would actually date a pig like that?"
I started toward Ross, but Donna told me to forget it. I sat down, staring at Ross and letting him know I was looking to kick his ass.
Donna ate the rest of Don's cum off of her face and breasts. Several times, she opened her mouth to show us a mouthful of sperm before she swallowed it.
My emotions went from complete jealousy to complete arousal. Sometimes I wanted to take Donna and run away and sometimes I wanted to fuck her with everybody watching and participating.
Donna swallowed the last of Don's cum and said, "Who is next?"
Shawn stood up and said, "I guess that is me." He walked slowly toward the bedroom with Donna.
Although Shawn was my best friend and I trusted him, it was intimidating to watch my naked girl go into the bedroom with him. Shawn looked like one of those guys on the cover of romance novels. Tall, muscular, long wavy blonde hair and a great, white smile. Women threw themselves at him all the time. Now I was letting him go into my bed with my hot, horny girlfriend.
We listened to hear what Donna would do to make Shawn cum on her. I was worried about what she would do. Shawn was my friend, but I didn't think any man could resist a woman like Donna.
After a few minutes of silence, we heard Donna moan. I knew that sound. My girlfriend was being fucked. I was sick to my stomach again.
We listened as Donna was pounded. She was clearly excited and I was sure that she was on her way to an orgasm. However, after pounding her in one unknown position for a while, we heard Shawn ask Donna to get in the doggy-style position.
Shawn continued to fuck my girl and Donna continued to moan. From the sounds she was making, I was sure she was about to orgasm when Shawn had her stand up in front of the mirror and bend over to take it from behind. I love that position because you can fuck her from behind, but still see her awesome tits bounce as she is fucked.
Shawn must have liked that position too because before too long Shawn told her to get on her knees and we heard him cum on her. Donna was quietly moaning as Shawn came. I was pretty sure Donna was as horny as she could possibly be, but had not cum yet.
Donna came out of the bedroom with a dazed look on her face. She had clearly been fucked. She had cum all over her face.
She smiled at all of us, did her little bouncy dance step which set her boobs in motion and started eating Shawn's sperm off of her face. She scooped the cum into her mouth and swallowed it with gusto. Don gave Shawn a high five when he came back to the living room.
Ross was his normal charming self. He said, "Donna don't you feel like trash when you are standing in front of a bunch of guys eating their cum?"
Donna looked at him and said, "It is a little embarrassing to be eating sperm in front of you guys, but it also is exciting to let you know that I will do just about anything for you guys."
"You haven't even started to get nasty yet, bitch," Ross said. "These guys are too nice to you for you to be the cocksucking whore you were meant to be."
I said, "Shut up Ross."
To Donna I said, "Can I kick this piece of shit out of here? We don't owe him any kind of consideration."
Donna looked worried and said, "Oh, baby, this is the last night of our camping trip and everyone should be here. This is a fun game."
I was worried that Donna was wanting Ross' big cock. There was not much I could do without taking a risk that I would make Donna mad at me.
Ross did have a way to treating Donna in a demeaning, disgusting way that was somehow sexy in a perverted, lowlife sort of way. I hated the bastard, but he was good at treating Donna like she was a sex object and nothing else. With most people, treating a woman badly while having sex would be at least partially role playing. Ross really is a bastard who hates women.
I backed off from kicking Ross out against my better judgment. Donna had eaten all of Shawn's cum and was ready for Ross. I could not believe I was going to let Ross go into our bedroom with Donna. He grabbed her tit hard as he put his arm around her and walked into the bedroom.
It was quiet for a few minutes after the bedroom door closed. The first thing we heard was Ross saying, "Lick my balls, bitch."
After a few minutes of silence, we heard Ross say, "Say it out loud, cunt!"
We heard Donna quietly say, "Please no, Ross."
"I want everyone to hear it, slut. Say it again."
Then we barely heard Donna softly say, "I will do anything you want if you will fuck me, Ross."
"Say it louder you stupid pig! If you want my cock, you will say it loud enough for everyone to hear."
Donna shouted, "I will do anything you want if you will fuck me!"
Ross replied, "I always knew you were a worthless slut. Come lick my ass you stupid whore!"
After a minute or two, we heard Ross say, "That's a good pathetic slut. Stick that tongue up my ass as far as it will go."
I was dying as I listened. I was trying to avoid eye contact with my friends. They all looked like they felt sorry for me. I hated that. I got up to get a beer I didn't need to have an excuse to move. I actually was afraid I would cry in front of my friends for the first time since I was around 6 years old.
From the bedroom we heard Ross say, "Tell me you love to stick your tongue up my ass, bitch."
Donna said, "I love to stick my tongue up your ass, Ross."
"Tell me you are my bitch."
"I am your bitch, Ross."
Ross said, "You can rub your cunt like that, but don't you dare cum until I fuck you."
Donna said, 'Yes, sir.'
For some reason the thought that Donna was rubbing her clit as she did these demeaning things to Ross was too much for me. I bolted for the bedroom door with my buddies right behind.
I swung open the door and saw Ross on the bed with his legs spread wide open in a disgusting position. Donna had her face buried in Ross' asshole.
I yelled, "That is enough! Get away from her Ross!"
Donna gave an extra lick to Ross' ass and turned to look at me. "Don't worry, baby. I am alright. This is just a game. I will be out in the living room in just a few minutes."
I was shocked at how calm she seemed. The sight of my beautiful girlfriend licking that disgusting ass was sickening.
I tried again. To that butthead, Ross, I said, "Get out of here, asshole. I have had enough of you!"
Ross never left the bed and said, "I don't think Donna wants me to leave."
Donna stood up, took me into the bathroom alone and said, "Just relax. This is just fantasy for me. I am very horny and I am ready to finish this game."
I tried to tell her that I could not take it anymore and that I was going to kick Ross' ass. But, before I knew it, she had convinced me to leave Ross alone and to let her continue. When she looked at me with those big blue eyes, I just melted every time. That was especially true when she was naked and I was also looking at those amazing tits.
I felt humiliated when I told my friends that the game was going to continue. I saw Ross smirk at me as I closed the door to the bedroom.
I sat down in the living room and hoped it would be over soon. My friends looked at me like I had just had a death in the family. They looked sad, but didn't know what to say.
We next heard Ross say, "That's it, slut. Put that tongue way up my ass! Clean it out! Show me you will do anything to get my dick."
I felt sick. I was trying not to cry in front of my friends.
Next, we heard Ross say, "I want to fuck your ass. Bend over and tell me you want a big cock in your ass. Head down, ass up, pig!"
"Yes sir, I want your big cock in my ass, sir!"
Donna then squealed loudly and sounded as if the breath had been knocked out of her. We all assumed that Ross's big dick was buried in her ass.
We could hear Donna moaning and squealing as Ross fucked her ass.
Then, we heard some talking we couldn't understand through the wall followed by Donna saying breathlessly, "I am a worthless whore who loves a big dick in my ass!"
I could tell my friends were turned on by this display of nastiness by my lovely girlfriend, but they were embarrassed to act too excited about it in front of me. I must have looked awful judging by how they looked at me. I hated being the object of sympathy.
We listened to the sounds of my lovely busty girlfriend and future wife being fucked in the ass.
We heard Ross say, "Tell me you want to stick my shit covered cock in your nasty mouth!"
I closed my eyes and wished this was a dream.
Then to my dismay, Donna said, "Please stick your cock in my nasty mouth! I will clean it off for you, baby."
I thought, "Please no!" I also thought, "Baby?"
We didn't hear anything for a minute or two and I was hoping that Donna had refused his request or moved on to something less disgusting. However, we heard Ross say, "Tell me how your ass tastes on my cock, slut."
Donna giggled and said, "Like shit, sir!"
Even I laughed at that.
"Swallow my dick, Donna," Ross exclaimed. "Get it hard."
Then the asshole said to Donna, "Tell me with the dick down your throat that you have reached your rightful place in the world with a shit covered cock down your throat."
We then heard Donna try to say that she had reached her rightful place in the world, but with a big cock in her mouth, it was hard to understand her.
I was picturing my gorgeous future wife taking Ross' giant dick down to the base. I knew she could deep throat just about any cock.
We listened in the living room as Ross said to Donna, "Tell me you love my cock."
"I love your cock, Ross."
"Tell me you are only good for fucking and you want my dick."
"I am only good for fucking and I want your big dick!"
I noticed that Donna threw in "big" dick without being asked.
Ross then said, "Donna, even though I consider you a worthless whore who pretends to be something else. I want to hear that you love me before I fuck you. As you know I am sensitive and sentimental when it comes to sex and love."
I couldn't believe this bullshit coming from the biggest jerk I had ever met.
Donna said, "No, Ross. This is just a game."
"Fine," Ross replied, "I will just cum on you without fucking you."
"Please fuck me Ross! I want your big cock. I want it so bad!"
Ross said, "I could care less what a worthless piece of shit wants. Tell me, whore."
"I can't Ross," Donna said with tears in her voice.
"Fine, I will find another whore to fuck who will do as I say."
We heard the springs of the bed sound like someone got up from the bed. I was hoping that this ordeal was over. I heard what sounded like Ross walking across the bedroom floor.
Ross said, "Last chance, cunt."
Then, I heard something I never would have believed a week earlier. Donna said, "Ross, I love you."
My heart was pounding and I thought I was having a heart attack.
Ross shouted, "It's about time. Get on your knees in front of me and tell me again."
I heard lovely Donna say, "I love you, Ross. Please, please fuck me!"
Ross relied, "Spread your legs on the bed like the whore you are and tell me again!"
"I love you."
I was looking at the floor. I could not bear to look at any of my friends. The humiliation was total and complete.
I next heard Donna moan loudly as Ross' cock entered her pussy. She instantly made the low moaning sound she makes when she has an orgasm. We heard Ross pound her for a long time. Donna had an orgasm again before they were through. We had to listen to Ross cum.
Finally, the door opened and Donna came out looking like she had been well fucked. She stood in the middle of the room and announced that Ross had cum inside her. She reached between her legs and after a moment pulled out some cum from her pussy. She ate it.
I skipped my turn and sent everyone home. I wondered if anything would ever be the same after the campout.