Jackie had a fitful sleep. Dreaming of Alice putting her on show in various locations; always naked, always masturbating, always being watched and jeered...
She woke with a jolt as her phone buzzed, signaling the start of a new day. Rubbing her face she remembered it all vividly. She couldn't believe that Alice had made her cum there. Or had she chosen to herself? The events leading up to it felt like they were fading away and Jackie kept replaying the immense orgasm, each time remembering more detail. She remembered how quiet everything felt l, except for her Labored breathing, almost like the whole college was holding their breath in anticipation. She remembered her flushed red skin cooling against the cold hard floor, the utter desperation for release, but also to please. It was the most intense thing she had ever experienced and it was all thanks to Alice. She wondered tentatively whether it had all been designed to draw her in further. How would she ever get to that high again without her new Mistress?
If that was what she was...
Jackie's hand was between her thighs when she awoke. Her bed smelled like her sex. She thought about washing it later.
Remembering her decision yesterday morning, Jackie thought about how she could recite her rules in the morning. Rather than recite each rule as she completed them, she decided it would be better to recite them all to better remember them; it also felt very submissive, which turned her on a lot. Jackie was amazed how horny she was already, after cumming yesterday, she had anticipated a brief respite, but her body just felt as charged as ever.
Stroking her clit as gently as she was able, Jackie shuddered, and standing in front if her desk, began to recite her rules:
"Rule one, wake up every day at 05:30."
"Rule two, run every Weekday Morning, wearing a Sports bra, sneakers and Alice's panties from the previous day."
"Rule three, go to the Gym with Alice Every Saturday. "
"Rule four, play tennis twice a week."
"Rule five, no using Elevators."
"Rule six, no shoes in my apartment."
"Rule seven, always walk to class, don't use the bus."
"Rule 8, Don't lock my dorm room when I am in, so Alice can enter."
"Rule 9, when dressing myself, seek approval from Alice with a selfie or in person."
"Rule ten, no using antiperspirant deodorant."
"Rule eleven, when Alice gives me an order, I should always call her Ma'am."
"Rule twelve, on Fridays, I will study in the library, wearing my princess plug and with my panties round my ankles."
"Rule 13, if I'm not wearing any underwear, I must not wear shoes in the apartment block."
"Rule 14, no orgasms on weekdays."
"Fuck..."
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
Jackie's Was struck with the immediate realization that she came yesterday, a Thursday, very much a weekday.
Why hadn't Alice's stopped her? Did she realise?
In a fog of disappointment and confusion, Jackie reached for her collar, putting it on and stepping out her door. Before she was fully aware what she was doing, she knocked on Alice's door. Realising, as an after thought, she hadn't once checked the corridor before stepping out naked...
She knocked again lightly, trepidation beginning to creep in. Alice answered shortly after, fully dressed and looking immaculate. This made Jackie hesitate, tripping over her words as she tried to explain herself:
"Ma'am, I am so sorry... I came yesterday. I really shouldn't have, I... I broke a rule, I fucked up... Because I was too horny. A stupid horny slut..."
Alice raised a hand to cut her off.
"I was going to let it slide, as yesterday was an experiment of mine."
"I wanted to find your limits, but you didn't break, so I changed to a different hypothesis."
"We already know you get off on risk of being caught, but I now wonder if you get off on the idea of being seen or watched."
"Seeing as you are clearly wanting to be punished, I think I can accommodate."
"We can further my research at same time. Follow me back to your room."
Alice glided by typing on her phone, leaving Jackie to close her door, meaning she was already in the room and rearranging the bed when the naked girl caught up. The pillows and blanket were all stuffed into one corner, leaving just the white sheet over the mattress. Alice was positioning Jackie's phone on the night stand.
"Put your princess plug in." She ordered.
Jackie didn't wait around, not bothering with lube, as had become a routine. She just licked the plug, then ran it across her damp pussy lips, allowing herself so brief pleasure by tentatively pushing it in and out of her eager pussy. Before remembering herself and bending over to slide it n her ass with ease.
Alice was now watching with a smirk on her face.
"At least you're ready." She chuckled.
"I want your head down and ass up on you knees on the bed, ass facing your phone camera." Alice explained.
"We want your ass to fill the frame, with no chance of your face coming into view, as this is going on the Internet." she said matter of ghastly as she adjusted first Jackie's, then the Camera's position.
Jackie almost didn't react, as it was said so nonchalantly. Then her head snapped round, wide-eyed.
"Ah." Alice interjected any protest before it started.
"This is a punishment and you're not supposed to like it. We will protect your identity, but not your modesty."
Jackie whimpered. Her head bowing again.
Setting her own phone in front of Jackie now, Alice dictated what she wanted...
"You will read from my phone, everything I have typed out there. Put your right hand between your legs like this and masturbate while you do. Make sure I can hear every word, or we will start again."
Jackie didn't respond other than to follow the instruction, moving her hand into position, between her thighs, primed to touch her very exposed feeling pussy.
"Begin."
Jackie's finger ran between her moist folds, finding her clit easily, the soft pad of her finger dancing over the hard nub and lighting a fire in her.
"I am a naughty slut... I came when I wasn't supposed to. This. Is. My. Punishment."
Already struggling to maintain composure, Jackie rallied herself for the next paragraph.
"I am a worthless slut and I do not deserve to cum like normal people. I am more productive and attentive when I am kept needy and desperate."
Jackie flattened her hand now, pressing all her fingers firmly into her soaking lips. Rubbing small circles with increasing urgency.
"Worse still, I am a desperate attention whore and this punishment turns me on. I should be ashamed, but instead the idea of you watching me degrading myself gives me greaaaat ple... easure."
That was the end of Alice's note, but Jackie didn't stop, her other hand now joining the fray, fingers finding their way deep inside her cunt, clawing for her G spot.
"Comment how much of a slut I am, tell me how dirty and naughty I have been. I'm not worthy of an orgasm, I should be turned into a desperate needy mess for your amusement. Watch me degrade myself for your pleasure... look at the slut I have become!"
Alice spanked her hard.
"DON'T YOU DARE CUM!"
Jackie slumped on the bed. Exhausted.
Alice already had the video stopped and Jackie's phone in hand.
She created the sweaty, worn out girl an anonymous profile on a popular porn site, along with a social media site and a blog. Before posting the video on all three.
"I've put all the apps on your phone, so you can see the comments you asked for." She grinned sweetly at Jackie.
"It's getting a little late to be running in a bra and panties round the streets." she said, checking her watch.
"Especially as I wore a thong yesterday... I'll drive you to the running track. You can shower there too."
Jackie nodded, unquestioning or perhaps oblivious to Alice's motive.
Had she really just done that! Why was Alice acting like it was normal. Why was she so Damn horny thinking about it...? A video now existed of her masturbating, and worse still asking to be degraded. She was still touching herself thinking about it when Alice told her they were ready to leave.
She had the necessary sneakers, bra and thong in hand. "It's your choice, but if you walk there naked, I'll let you masturbate in the car."
Looking briefly at the clothes, Jackie grinned sheepishly before walking out the door and looking back to Alice for reassurance...
Soon they were in the car, a naked Jackie, slumped slightly in her seat, fingers deep in side herself and Alice doing the talking.
"I keep trying to find a limit or your breaking point and you push past it Jackie. It's unbelievable."
"Your the biggest slut I have ever known and the most submissive girl I have ever come across. Are you sure you still want this? Because I will keep pushing, I won't be able to stop myself.
Jackie nodded and replied. "God yes."
"You've made me discover things about myself, made me more productive, fitter. Why would I want to stop that?"
"Though, maybe not as close to being caught as yesterday would be nice, or could I have a disguise?" she mused.
Alice laughed. "Maybe. We can be more careful."
And the irony of saying that whilst Jackie was naked on the way to the sports track was not lost on her.
At least there was no practice on Fridays...
Alice parked as close as possible and jumped out heading for the track, leaving Jackie to scramble into the back to get dressed before following.
She was a site to behold as she jogged over. Her long, powerful legs accentuated by the high waistband of the thong, with the entirety of her toned thighs on display and when she turned the view of her ass made Alice bite her lip.
Now admiring Jackie's rock hard stomach, Alice got out her phone.
"I'll time your laps for future reference." She winked.
Jackie laughed and headed for the start line, taking a brief pause before setting off.
Six laps later, Jackie stopped and walked over, hands on hips and in recovery mode.
"So, when did you work out you had broken the rule?" Alice asked, genuinely curious.
"Oh." Jackie blushed. "I was reciting my rules. Which I decide to do on a morning now. I realised half-way through."
Alice smiled. "That's a good idea. Did you masturbate while you were reciting them?"
Jackie blushed again, the answer clear without her needing to vocalize it.
"Well then, I think we have an amendment to rule one." Alice mused.
"Rule one, wake up at 5am and recite the rules whilst masturbating."
Jackie flushed even redder than Alice imagined, before timidly adding "N... No.. No one will be around at 5am. Perhaps I should do it in the corridor before I get dressed..."
Alice pondered a moment. "I like that, but if you stop for any reason you have to start from scratch."
Jackie melted with the words. "God yes." She whispered.
"Did you finish reciting them this morning?" Alice asked.
"N... No." Jackie replied, both fear and excitement filling her with yet more warmth.
Alice laughed. "You've had enough excitement this morning, you can do the rest in the shower."
Shoulders slumped, primarily with relief, Jackie followed to the changing rooms. Getting great fully into the shower. Easing her plug out, which she had forgotten about; and reasoning that Alice's thong has counted as outerwear and therefore she hadn't broken rule twenty; she continued this morning's list, impressing herself with her memory:
"Rule fifteen, no orgasms without verbal permission from Alice."
"Rule sixteen, No orgasms in the apartment building."
"Rule seventeen, when I sit at my desk I must be sat on my largest dildo."
"Rule eighteen, Whenever & wherever I study, my panties must be round my ankles."
"Rule nineteen, I will wear a butt plug during all classes."
"Rule twenty, I will never wear a butt plug and panties at the same time."
"Rule twenty-one, I must only wear a collar when in our dorm rooms. Nothing else."
"Rule twenty-two, all laundry must be done naked."
"Rule twenty-three, for every hour of study, I must take a break and edge."
"Rule twenty-four, I must never be late to Miss Carlson's Class and will always sit in the front row."
"Rule twenty-five, I must not wear sports bras as well as another top."
"Rule twenty-six, I must not shave my pubis. Shaving below is fine."
"Rule twenty-seven, I will only shower in public bathrooms. Never my own."
"Rule twenty-eight, I must only wear one pair of my own panties per week."
Alice pulled her from her own thoughts.
"Come on you, if you don't leave soon, you'll be late for class. Let's get you dressed."
As Jackie dried herself off, she looked at what Alice had provided her with. Which wasn't very much. She had given her back the running outfit that she'd just made incredibly sweaty by running hard, as well as a pair of leggings that she had bought but never worn. They hugged the shape of her ass too closely, and she had been too embarrassed to leave the house in them. But here they were.
The significance of being given back the dirty thong wasn't lost on Jackie either. She'd have to remove the leggings and thong to put her plug in before class and keep it in her bag for the day, or at least until she needed it in the library later on.
Never the less, She started by putting on the thong. More turned on than she cared to admit to herself. Maybe she could cum again tomorrow. It was the weekend after all. She would have to sweet talk Alice...
Soon, Jackie was walking to class, sneakers propelling her, with her ass accentuated by the thong and leggings. Despite the sweaty sports bra still drying and the second hand thong, she had to admit, she felt sexy in her outfit. She was proud of her abs, so why not show them off, and the same was true of her ass.
She got to the building with plenty of time to spare and headed to the bathroom. Locking a cubicle for some privacy, she had to remove her sneakers to get the leggings and ultimately the thong off. So within a minute she was stood in only her bra. Looking at the time in her phone and seeing she had plenty, Jackie took off her bra too, savoring the naughtiness of being naked in the bathroom as other people went about their day.
Then she got to work, but with less haste than on previous occasions, she masturbated with her fingers for a few minutes, getting her cunt as wet as she could. Then she retrieved the plug Alice had left her, this was the large, weighted one, and she was looking forward to wearing it.
She started slowly, covering the plug in her grool, then sliding it slowly further into her soaking pussy, her lips spreading eagerly over it. Soon she was fucking herself vigorously with the tip of the toy and had to stop when she began to moan with delight.
Somewhat saddened by the shortening of her fun, Jackie bent over and after three gentle thrusts, pushed the plug home into her puckered ass hole. A gentle sigh escaping the naked girl's mouth.
"Time to get dressed, I suppose." Jackie said out loud, with instant regret...
On listening though, it appeared she was alone for now, so she did dress herself. Ironically, the sports bra was now dry, but Jackie was sweating again.
The air rushed along Jackie's skin, as she walked to her Sign language class, giving her goosebumps and reminding her how much she had on show. It felt like she was going to get used to having her stomach on show under Alice's regime. She sat down to one side and got settled for class to start.
As class went on, Jackie received hundreds of notifications on her phone. Each time she checked if it was Alice, but each time it was a filthy comment on her videos; which she barely had time to read and dismiss before the next one appeared.
"What a skank."
"Nice ass."
"You should never cum again."
"Useless slut. You need to be punished!"
"Tell me where you live, I'll come spank some sense into you..."
"Whore."
"I need some of that ass."
"Post your ID, we'll turn you into the web slut you deserve to be!!!"
This last one appeared over and over as people liked and up voted it. Appearing three times in a row was enough to break the trance Jackie had fallen into.
Regaining her composure a little, she realised that not only was she touching herself, but her fingers were deep in her pussy, her leggings stretched obviously by her hand.
The humiliation and embarrassment from the comments was and undeniable turn on for Jackie, she already knew that about herself. But surely being caught masturbating in class would be too far, it would ruin her!
She hadn't been noticed yet luckily, no one being her row of seats had helped. Looking for her moment, Jackie began to pull her fingers out of her pussy, only for one sickened digit to glide against her clit on the way past and send a shudder down her spine. Timed perfectly with a new comment. This was too much for Jackie, and she began anew, this time on her abused clitoris.
"Stupid slut hasn't even shaved everywhere."
This had been effective for many reasons. It had of course been embarrassing and humiliating, but it also reminded Jackie of her submission to Alice, it was a rule she didn't like, but she enjoyed the act of complying. The comment had also come at a time that she could physically feel how long her pubes were getting above her pussy.
Maybe she could ask Alice to shave now. Nevertheless, her fingers bared down on her soaking cunt.
"Jackie, could you show me the sign for good afternoon please?"
Immediate panic set in, Jackie knew the answer, but she needed both hands.
"Oh fuck." she said under her breath.
Slowly pulling her wet hand out of her leggings, she raised both hands and completed the sign, slowly to ensure she got it right and then again a little faster. Before dropping her hands to her lap with lightning speed and looking to see people's reactions.
They all seemed uninterested and turned back to the front as the teacher spoke.
"So you were listening, I thought you had fallen asleep over there. Please try to at least look like you are paying attention Jackie."
Jackie flushed redder than she already was and nodded slightly. The class continued.
Looking down to wipe the grool from her hand onto her leggings Jackie finally noticed the huge dark, damp stain she had created. Not only that, the area round her stank of sex. What was she going to do? She couldn't walk the halls with what looked like a pee stain in her pants. She messaged Alice for advice...
"Wait for me in your class when it finishes." Was all the reply she got. Leaving her alone again with the comments, her hand drifting to her crotch...
As class ended, Jackie didn't move to leave as the other students did, she stayed in place, trying to hide her crotch with the bulk of her bag.
She waited long enough for it to be awkward, then the teacher shook their head, leaving the room and Jackie alone in her seat.
Soon Alice was stood next to her and Jackie was explaining what had happened, how the comments were driving her wild and how she had slowly dampened the leggings to their now soaked state.
"Give them here." Alice demanded.
Jackie only hesitated for a second before removing her sneakers and then the sodden garment, handing them to Alice, who tossed them to one side.
Alice then pulled a laptop from her own bag and logged in, setting it up in front of Jackie. She set up the video from the morning, nearly full screen. The remaining screen space dedicated to a live comments feed.
"Watch the video and reply to each new comment on your phone. Get it out of your system while I go sort your leggings out."
Jackie nodded, transfixed by the video and with that Alice was gone. Leaving her in only her sports bra in her classroom. She watched the video, she masturbated. A comment arrived...
"Nice ass, show us more you slut!"
Jackie shook with nervousness and exhilaration, she dried her slick hand on her outer thigh and with her other hand still rubbing circles round her cunt, she began to reply.
She went with a conservative response.
"Thank you, if there is another video, I will be sure to try another angle."
Typing the message had been slow going with a sticky hand, but Jackie wasn't about to relinquish her masturbating hand to assist.
The commenter replied again. "Hopefully your tits are as good!!!"
Jackie blushed despite herself before slowly tapping out. "They're perky."
Again, pressing send sent a thrill through her, and she had to slow her pace, so as not to get too close to the edge.
"You should show us!"
Blushing further, Jackie replied.
"Not right now."
A thought struck her however. She was nearly naked anyway, why not go the rest of the way... Her fingers grasped the edge of her sports bra, the wetness spreading to her exposed skin and sending a shiver through her.
She was exposed anyway, she might as well be naked...
In one motion Jackie yanked the bra off and threw it to a random seat ahead of her. Her fingers rapidly returning to her cunt and her eyes to the full frame video of her ass and soaking pussy.
"When is the next video?"
Jackie's heart skipped a heat. Could she do another?! Alice had meant this as a punishment, but her body had reacted immediately to the humiliation, she was the horniest she'd had ever felt. Would another make it more intense, increase her sex drive further? Alice had showed that she performed better in class when horny.
Hadn't she?
Her finger taking an especially long, drawn out slide along her bullet of a clitoris, Jackie replied; moaning as she pressed send.
"Next week."
That was it, she had committed, in her mind it was a nailed on promise. She was going to masturbate on Camera again next week.
Alice reappeared.
"I leave you alone for 5 minutes and you have gotten naked."
"And you've made a real mess of the seat!"
She exclaimed.
Jackie blushed hard.
She scrambled to Stand up, but then felt even more exposed. Her arms crossing her body in a futile attempt at modesty.
"Good job I fetched some paper towels from the bathroom." Alice laughed at her, throwing them in Jackie's direction, leaving her to scramble and collect them.
Jackie wiped down the seat as best she could, forgetting her nudity momentarily. Until she ran out of towels, looked down at her soaking thighs and then to Alice.
Alice smirked. "Rub it in."
Slowly stroking her thighs at first, Jackie soon realised she would have to spread her juices much further if it was ever going to dry. She bent down and rubbed them all the way down each leg, coming back to still slick thighs again and again.
Then Alice instructed. "Rub the rest into your tits, neck and face."
Doing this made Jackie burn with embarrassment, despite all she had already done. Finally, she got to a stage where most of her skin was tacky, but none was wet. She smelled heavily of her sex. She felt like a total whore. She felt hornier than ever.
Alice looked at her with a pondering look. "You can't get dressed yet, but there will be a class in here soon."
Looking out the classroom door into an empty hallway she said "I didn't realise you would be so into exposure. It clearly hasn't been a punishment."
Then after pausing for a second. "This is the wettest I have seen that little cunt of yours, even after denying you."
After a much longer silence Alice grabbed all the naked girl's things including her phone, walking out into the hall she ordered "Come here."
Jackie tentatively followed, doing her own check of the hall before exiting the relative safety of the classroom.
Throwing the thong at her Alice told Jackie to tie her hair back with it and face away from her, Jackie's own phone was now pointed at her.
Alice was working out a frame of Jackie that had most of her body, but not quite her shoulders or head.
"Walk 20 paces away from me the turn and walk back, pretend you are on a catwalk."
Alice could physically see Jackie shaking with nerves, but she began to walk. Tentatively at first, then with more controlled and deliberate steps. Jackie swayed her hips as she walked the 20 steps, Alice keeping distance behind her and maintaining the framing of her shoulders and down.
Turning, Jackie winced when she saw how close she was, nothing would be left to the imagination now, her glistening naked body on total display as she began to move back towards Alice.
Jackie's mind was buzzing. She heard every tiny noise in the surrounding corridors, desperately hoping none of them would turn out to be someone watching. Not only that, she was imagining how revealing this video would be and how it would feel to have people commenting on it. They would definitely notice her embarrassingly long pubes, how wet she was, how her whole body was tacky. Would they notice it was her own juices?
"OK, stop."
Jackie stopped, standing in a trance as Alice panned the camera to show the empty hallway before cutting it off. She then gave Jackie back her bra and leggings. She then fished out her notebook and the thong from her bag.
"You can take the bare necessities to class. I don't want you too distracted."
Jackie realised her sneakers must not count as necessary to Alice as she pulled on her dry leggings and sports bra over her mostly dried skin.
She still stunk of sex.
Next she awkwardly tried to hide the thong in her notebook, as she had no pockets and Alice had kept her bag.
"I'll keep your phone and disable these comment notifications. I need to edit the second video anyway..." Alice remarked picking up the remainder of her play thing's belongings.
"Nearly time for class, off you go."
Jackie turned and padded barefoot down the hall. The cold floor reminding her of the naked walk she had just completed with every step.
With no way of telling the time, Jackie walked straight to her psychology class and sat down, keeping her distance from the few early attendees. She didn't want anybody noticing her glistening skin or the stench of her sex.
Waiting for the class to file in, Jackie's thoughts began to wander...
She thought about how she had been exposed twice now in the College's hallways and how each time had been a huge rush, how she'd been hyper-aware of her surroundings and of course, unbelievably horny.
She ruminated in this, was it just the risk that she was so turned on by, or was I the thought of actually being caught and utterly humiliated? She shook herself out of the line of thought before it went too far. Surely that was a dangerous thought to entertain. She would have to be careful too. If Alice kept pushing her, maybe she would get caught; and not only Alice, just this morning Jackie herself had suggested a more public place to masturbate whilst reciting her rules.
The thought of masturbating in the hallway began to take over, but to Jackie's relief the class began as her teacher orated to the students loudly.
Maintaining a functional interest in the class this time, Jackie still felt very exposed. Her two items of clothing flung to her, so even the skin that was covered felt on display. Her bare feet, just made the whole thing worse and Jackie was sure it was attracting attention from other people in the class. A fact made worse by the thong precariously hidden under her notebook.
The end of class didn't come soon enough, but Jackie was elated when it did. She almost snapped her notebook shit before remembering herself and awkwardly maneuvering the thong to the inner pages before doing so.
She marched down the hall barefoot, destined for the library and hopefully to meet up with Alice. She desperately hoped the other girl would be waiting as She had no way to check without her phone.
Stepping through the large entrance way to the library, Jackie felt even more exposed than she had being naked in the halls. The open space made her feel small and like she could be seen from all angles. She padded on the tough carpet until she reached the desk where Alice usually had her study.
Unsure what to do next, She lent against the table, realizing late that it was lower than anticipated, leaving her being awkwardly.
"Nice ass! And bending over to give me a show... You really are a little show off."
Alice's words burned into Jackie l, turning her nerves into sheer embarrassment.
The remarks reminded Jackie of her actions earlier, walking naked in Video. Maybe she was a show off, a real exhibitionist?
Caught in her own thoughts, she didn't hear Alice get closer and jumped when two fingers ran over her leggings, between her wide open labia. She shuddered and groaned out loud. She must have a huge camel toe, had it been there all day!? It must have been there since she got re-dressed earlier. She blushed even further, utterly mortified.
"I see you haven't calmed down at all since earlier." Alice whispered, and then in a more commanding tone. "Pull down those leggings and show me that ass you're clearly desperate to have on display."
Almost without missing a beat, Jackie straightened, put her hands in the waistband and pulled downwards, exposing her full cheeks and plugged ass hole.
Spreading Jackie's muscled thighs, Alice reached through Her legs and slowly inserted a dildo. It glided in with ease and Jackie steadied herself as her knees wobbled, threatening to buckle.
"Whh.. what, why?" she whimpered.
"Oh this?" Alice chuckled.
"It's a new rule. If you arrive at the library for your Friday study session, not wearing underwear, then you will study with a dildo in your ass, instead of your plug."
"But that's not my ass!" Jackie exclaimed.
"Aaa... and that is a big dildo!"
"I know." Alice smiled sweetly. "Just lubing it up in your dripping little pussy." she said softly whilst gently pumping the silicone member in and out of the now shaking girl leaning against the table.
"Please, if you keep going I might cum..."
Alice stopped, leaving the dildo loose, making Jackie tighten her muscles; and in the same breath began to ease the plug out of her.
Focusing hard on keeping the dildo from falling and allowing the plug loose, Jackie totally forgot her surroundings.
Louder than she would have otherwise done, she asked "Please may I orgasm at the weekend Ma'am, I desperately need to."
Alice laughed again.
"You already came this week, but maybe I will let you earn it. We'll see."
With that the plug was loose and Alice gently removed the dildo, placing it on one of the chairs.
"Get your panties on and sit down." Alice commanded.
As Jackie retrieved them on shaky legs, she thought "putting them on" was a stretch. Alice wanted them round her ankles really.
She stepped out of her leggings and into the thong and began to position herself over the dildo. Lowering herself with upmost caution. Alice helped her align it with her puckered asshole and Jackie let out a gasp as she gradually began to take the thick shaft inside her.
5 minutes later Jackie's ass cheeks met the chair. Her legs shaking. She had never felt so full. After taking a few minutes to collect herself she opened her text book.
Trying hard to focus on the work she had to do, she couldn't help notice that Alice was gone...
And so we're her leggings. She was sat there bottomless, with her panties covering nothing but her ankles and a sports bra on top. If anyone came, she wouldn't be able to move, she would be totally exposed...
Meanwhile, Alice was chatting with her new friend. One of the volunteer library staff. He had helped her find a few books last week, and she had managed to use her charm to get a favor from him. The floor Jackie was now sat on by herself was closed off with cones. Blaming a water leak.
The two of them passed the time, Alice trying her best to lead him on just the right amount to get what she wanted. "So how did you get to be a volunteer library attendant?" She asked casually.
"Just through my English Teacher" He explained.
"I'm trying to get some extra credit."
"What's their name? I have a friend who might be interested..."
90 minutes later, Alice's friend told her the library would be closing.
"OK Simon, thanks. I'll probably see you next Friday." She winked as she turned to walk past the blockade and retrieve Jackie.
The half naked girl's leg was tapping violently, she was on the ball of her foot with the whole leg was tensed, showing off just how toned Jackie was getting. From the angle Alice was at, she could still see the base of the dildo and was impressed by Jackie's staying power.
"Well done." She smiled.
Jackie looked up from the book, she seemingly hadn't heard Alice coming.
"I did my edge at the hour mark and my whole body had been on fire since!" She blurted and then much more quietly, ashamedly "I'm pretty sure I have been leaking the whole time."
Alice looked down at the chair and then underneath, there was a constant drip forming a puddle on the floor underneath. Without further hesitation, Alice took out Jackie's leggings and wiped up the small puddle on the floor before grabbing the base of the dildo.
"Stand up." She ordered.
Jackie groaned loudly as she stood, both hands on the desk for support. In the time it took her to get her bearings, Alice had used the leggings to wipe up the grool on the seat and pick. Up the dildo, throwing hem both in a plastic bag.
Then she offered Jackie a choice. "You can wear the contents of this bag or carry it." She said with assertion.
"Please, my ass is already sore..." Jackie trailed off realizing she wouldn't win an argument.
"My thoughts would be the only place left is your mouth." Alice chuckled. "You'd have to get the dildo as far in as possible and walk home with it sticking out."
Jackie shuddered. Then picked up the bag and looked at Alice, ready to get this day over with.
They walked out of the near empty library, with Jackie only wearing a sports bra and thong. At a distance you may have thought it was a track outfit. But up close, the soaked thong was obviously just that; and Jackie's own juices running down her thighs; lack of any footwear and bright red face would have made it obvious that she was Alice's horny plaything.
They walked in silence until they were nearly at the dorms. Just as they approached the door, Alice said. "You have no shoes to take off or your lack of underwear rule."
Jackie froze, thinking.
"If I am not wearing underwear, I should take off my shoes before entering the dorm building?"
"Yes, that one." Alice confirmed.
"I tell you what, I will let you give me one item of clothing per shoe as tribute." she grinned at Jackie who already saw where this was going.
"But this is a one time deal, I want you to come up with an alternative."
Jackie just nodded, peeled off her soaked thong and sweaty bra and put them in the bag, before handing it to Alice.
They entered the building and the buck naked Jackie padded up the stairs, uncaring I'd she was seen, before crashing into her bed.