This story deals with Father and daughter, consensual incest and was written as an adult fantasy. If father daughter incest isn't your thing, don't read any further. The author does not condone the described behaviour in real life in anyway shape or form.
How it continued (part 4)
I slumped in the chair, covered in my own semen. I was super sensitive, and as Abby continued to suck my tip, a jolt raced through me and I sucked in my breath, pushing Abby away gently with my hand.
"No baby, it's too much" I sighed.
"But Dad!" she began.
"No, it's not that. It's just that I'm really sensitive!" I exclaimed to her.
I gazed down at my 19-year-old daughter as she reluctantly released my cock from the agonising warmth of her mouth. Not to be outdone, she lazily, gently, began kissing my shaft, tiny flicks of her tongue gathered up any drops of cum which were encountered. Her fingers caressed my balls with one hand, with the other she ran her fingernails along my inner thigh, bringing small shudders through me.
Her blonde hair cascaded around her shoulders, a few stray strands hung across her bright blue eyes, which were staring up at me, wide and innocent looking, belaying the intent behind them.
By now I think my resolve had crumbled, I knew it was only a matter of time before I was inside my daughter again. But not today, despite Abby trying to arouse me again, I wasn't 18 years old any more. It was going to take a while for me to recover again.
Abby slowly started to raise on her haunches and began to trace the splatter of cum up my shirt. Tracing her tongue through the thin lines of spunk, gathering it and scooping it into her mouth. Her eyes never left me, and she finally reached my chin, and the last few droplets of cum. Her partially clad body was pressed against mine. I could smell her perfume mixed with her scent, intoxicating me. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply. The urge to touch her was unbearable and I reached up and ran my hand up her back and into her hair, caressing her gently. My other hand caressed her back before sliding down slowly to her bare backside
She delicately swirled her tongue over my skin above my collar, playing with the droplets, then began to gently kiss my chin sucking gently at the cum. Moving gradually higher, her kisses continued as her lips reached the corner of mine. I simply turned my head a fraction and met her lips.
I'll remember that kiss till my last day, as wrong as it was, it was also perfect. Her lips were slightly parted and moist, soft and trembling with excitement. At first our lips brushed, turning into soft light kisses. My hand came up to cradle and stroke her cheek, her hand come up and stroked the back of my head.
As we were softly teasing each other's lips, Abby sidled up my body further and repositioned herself straddling my lap. I felt the heat of her loins against mine and I groaned slightly, my lips parting. Abby pressed hers to mine harder and darted her tongue into my mouth.
I could taste the salt from my cum, mixed with the cherry of her lip balm. I brought both hands behind her head and pulled her down and kissed her back hard, our tongues dancing against each other.
My member was rising again. That kind of pleasure / pain ache throbbed in my groin. She nestled me against her sex, grinding her pussy against me. She gently rocked against me and I could feel her wetness, her warmth. Her kisses lit the fire again and I began to grasp at her, our breathing deepening. We were so slick all it would take would be a slight readjustment and I be in her again, the memories of last time flashed across my mind, and I realised how much I wanted it. How much I needed it.
Never taking her lips from mine, Abby felt it too and reached behind her, grasping my shaft and rising herself up, she positioned my aching cock at her entrance. She began to slowly sink down, the tip of my penis spreading her lips. I throbbed hard, willing her to lower herself further, before finally....
A harsh light illuminated the room and the rev of a car engine outside.
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK, my Wife was home from her sisters! I pushed Abby off quickly and she slid off me scrabbling at her clothes as she ran from the room, heading upstairs at high speed.
Panic gripped me, it was one thing to be caught with another woman, but to be caught screwing your own daughter?! The laptop was still playing the porn and 'Dad' was busy spraying his cum all over 'daughters' ass, she appeared to be in as much orgasmic bliss as he was.
I was trying to put my cock away, which wasn't too difficult as it had wilted with the speed of light in the sudden panic. I struggle with my zip as I slammed the lid of the laptop closed silencing the groans of pleasure. I ripped off my cum soaked shirt and was about to run to the washing machine when I noticed Abby panties on the floor! The door was opening!
SHIT!
I dived for them and stuffed them in my pocket, as my wife called a hello as she came through the door.
Uh Oh. No shirt on and the room stank of sex, time for some quick thinking.
"Damn! Oh hi honey" I exclaimed "I spilt my bloody coffee on myself, shit that was hot!"
It didn't explain the smell in the room, but it went some way to covering why I was half naked.
She looked at me strangely, a hint of suspicion in her eye. "Why is the milk and the shopping in the hallway?!" she exclaimed.
"Err... I don't know... I'm just.... I don't..." I hung my head as I trailed off, knowing that I'd left myself in a very difficult position. I'd abandoned it once I found Abby playing with herself.
She was silent for a few moments. I glanced up, she was rubbing her stomach, where her stiches still itched. She wore frustration and physical pain like a jacket. My heart was beating, surely she'd cotton on that something else was going on, but she looked more annoyed at my thoughtlessness.
I needed to get out of there. Now. Fight or flight took me and I chose flight. I grasped my cum soaked shirt and hurried toward the stairs. "I need to go sort this out" I said lamely waving the damp garment to her. I didn't look back as I rushed up the stairs, but I could feel her glare following me up every step.
I went straight to the bathroom, closed the door quickly and leaned my back against it, breathing deeply. I felt dizzy, the adrenaline which preceded my flight faded fast, leaving me feeling drained. I squeezed my eyes shut. What the fuck was I doing? I staggered to the sink and tried to wash off any taint of sex from me. I then remembered the thong in my pocket and drew it out. I was about to chuck the damp wisp of material in the wash basket with my shirt, but a sudden impulse overcame me and I brought it up to my nose and inhaled Abby's scent. She'd soaked the thin garment masturbating whilst I watched. She smelled like heaven. Just then the door creaked open and there was Abby, smirking at me. She raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything. I mouthed an angry 'No', but she simply brought 2 of her fingers up to my mouth and pushed them inside.
Shocked, my lips closed and I could taste her fresh juices. Oh my god, she must have gone straight upstairs and frigged herself off. My cock gave a fierce jerk as I savoured her honey.
She pushed passed me into the bathroom, closing the door silently, taking her fingers from my mouth. I looked at her, then at the closed door in panic. She put her finger to her lips and thumbed the lock. Swiftly she spun around and bent over. Still no panties. She was so wet; I could see her juices coating her upper thighs as she spread her legs slightly.
I froze with indecision. Did she really want me to fuck her right now? With her mother pottering about downstairs? My cock began coming to life, aching and sore but insistent that it wanted pussy.
"Quickly! Fuck me!" She growled in a low voice. I'm ashamed to say I didn't even argue, I obeyed. I quickly pushed my trouser around my ankles and let my growing cock spring free. I shuffled toward her like a sex crazed zombie, my cock pointing the way to its destination.
"Hurry, I need you NOW" she whispered fiercely.
My heart was in my mouth, I reach out to steady myself on her ass, grasping the firm flesh. Abby pushed her rear out at me impatiently, whilst looking over her shoulder, her eye brows knitted in frustration.
I lined myself up and pushed. Just as Abby moved. I missed and slid my shaft along the crease of her ass, her wet pussy soaking my scrotum. She pulled forward, reached back and grasped my cock with strong fingers. She lined me up again. She pushed. I pushed. I sank into her as she pushed back on me. I was in pure bliss. She was hot and so wet, she let out a long low groan and rested her head on the bathroom wall, pushing her ass into my crotch further.
"I could do with some help putting this stuff away!" came a thin voice, muffled by the closed door from below.
I tried to ignore the voice and concentrate on the pussy pulsing around my steel cock. Abby whimpered and rapidly thrust her hips back against me. She pushed back into me so hard I nearly lost my balance. I pushed her back, grasped her by the shoulders, pulled my cock nearly all the way out and rammed home.
Abby grunted, threw her head back and groaned loudly. I quickly clamped my hand over her mouth, and began to fuck her with short fast strokes. Her muffled growls were still loud, but I didn't care just then. She was on fire, her hips wiggled as she braced herself against the wall. I was sure that my wife must be able to hear the slap of my hips against hers. I'd never been with a woman so wet. Abby's juices gushed as a small orgasm took her. I nearly slipped out but carried on slapping into her. My cock was still aching, but I could feel my orgasm rising, and I began to lose my breath, knowing that I'd cum soon.
"Did you hear me? What are you doing?" The voice was louder, I think my wife had made her way up the stairs.
I lost concentration and slipped from Abby, but kept my hand tightly clamped over her mouth. Panic began to grip me, and I tried to calm my breathing.
"I'm fine, just lost in thought" I gulped, trying to sound normal. Abby turned around and flattened herself against the wall, reaching out she took hold of my cock and glanced at the door. She squeezed me, then slide her hand up to my crown. She then used her own cum to lubricate her strokes.
"Are you OK? You don't sound OK" came the voice, just from the other side of the door.
"Ummm yeah, I'm fine" I struggled to get out, sounding anything but fine. Abby grasped me tightly and squeezed as her hand made its way slowly up my shaft. I was still horny, but panic still gripped me. I looked at Abby imploringly, but she just increased the speed of her strokes, an excited thrill danced behind her eyes.
"Hey, open the door at least so we can talk. You're acting weird tonight; you're starting to worry me!" My wife said.
I motioned Abby to stop, unlocked the door and thumbed it open a crack, keeping most of my body hidden. I peered around the door to see my wife. She stood with one hand on the wall looking slightly winded. Concern was wrapped around her face.
"You're acting strange. You've been so distant recently, and tonight? I don't know, I'm just worried about you" She trailed off.
I couldn't help but smile, even after all these years there was still something there between my wife and I. Time had taken its toll on our looks and our bodies, but we tried hard to keep in shape whilst we balanced busy work schedules. She was still a good-looking woman and I'd have felt more touched by her concern if it wasn't for a) my rampaging guilt and b) a warm, wet feeling engulfing my member. I shuddered and resisted the urge to look down. I could feel my daughters tongue caress the underside of my cock, whilst she gently sucked my tip.
I tried to sound nonchalant "Hey I'm fine. I just have a few things on going on right now"
"Like what?" She pressed. I began to panic inside, and despite the tongue licking and flicking its way up and down my shaft, I began to shrink.
"Can we talk about this later?" I pleaded. "I really need the toilet!" I tried.
"OK. But we're having a talk later on." My wife said eyeing me.
I gratefully shut the door. Abby pouted at my shrunken soldier, no longer at attention. "What the fuck did you think you were doing?!" I hissed after I was sure I heard the stairs squeak. Anger mixed with panic and relief.
Abby stood up, wrapped her arms around my neck, and gave me a cheeky grin. "Don't be mad at me Daddy" she said in her little girl voice. "Have I been bad? Please don't punish me Daddy" she continued.
"I mean it Abby, we nearly got caught. Can you imagine what would have happened?!!" I exclaimed.
Abby rolled her eyes at me, playfully slapped my shoulder and made a 'Pfft' sound. Then with a sly grin, she reached down for my flaccid cock, gave it a squeeze and simply whispered;
"You and I have some serious unfinished business to take care of later."
With that she gently pushed me away from the door, smoothing down her rumpled skirt. Quietly she opened the door wide and strode out without looking back. I stood stock still, naked except for socks and trousers around my ankles.
I stayed up late that night, puposely trying to avoid the conversation that my wife wanted to have with me. I made myself busy, working on my laptop. I waited until she went to bed. Waited some more, then crept up and lay exhausted, yet somehow still wide awake. I drifted into a fitful sleep, terrified that I would talk in my sleep. Finally I must have dropped off in a deeper slumber.
The rest of the week passed without incident. I'd successfully managed to avoid indepth discussions with my wife for the remainder of the week. I'd also been very careful not to let myself be alone with Abby. But today I'd agreed to go into town clothes shopping. I hated clothes shopping, but I needed new shirts as some of my old ones were threadbare.
Together my wife and daughter had bullied me into it. I was doubly wary as Abby had volunteered herself to accompany me whilst my wife rested more.
"It'll do you good to spend some time with her, she's grown up now and it's important that you stay close with her" My wife reiterated. I damn nearly inhaled the entire cup of coffee I was drinking; I couldn't get much closer I thought ruefully.
So, Saturday morning came and in bounced Abby all smiles and bare flesh.
"Good morning handsome" she smiled at me
"Morning Abby. I take it this shopping trip was your idea?" I asked, knowing the answer already.
"Maybe...." she hinted before twirling away from me.
Abby was clearly dressed for the hot weather. If anyone could have reflected the sun, it was Abby. She was wearing a pleated skirt which looked too small and came to her upper thigh and a halter style top, which covered her tummy button, but only just. The top left her back open and bare to summers glare.
She was bronzed and toned perfection, as she whirled away her skirt flared and I caught the first glimpse of the day of her buttocks. Reaching the fridge, the fabric fell back into place and she pulled the door open looking for a yogurt.
I sighed that resigned sigh, it was going to be this all day wasn't it? She was going to tease me mercilessly. Probably in public too. Shit, I'd have to set some ground rules.
"Abby, about today, look don't get any ideas, OK? It's just a shopping trip" I told her as firmly as I could muster.
Abby looked at me, apparently confused, or at least doing a bad impression of it.
"Of course Daddy" She said in her little girl voice, before slowly sucking the spoon she was holding into her mouth.
"Ooops" she exclaimed, as she dropped the spoon on the floor with a clatter, she whirled around and bent at the waist to retrieve it. I had a perfect view of her rear, her legs were perfectly straight, she was supple from the hours of exercise and it was an easy feat for her.
The effect was blistering. Her shapely legs, crossed one in front of the other, tapered from her ankles up and up flaring passed her knees to her thighs. Her mouth-watering flesh smooth and bronze, finally reaching and widening to her upper thighs and her truly perfect ass. Abby's skirt had flicked up and was resting and framing her tight arse. Split down the middle was a thin strap of white material and bulging in the centre was the tantalising sight of her near naked sex.
There really is nothing more terrifying than a young woman who is fully aware of her sexuality and how to use it. I sat gob smacked and gazed helplessly, wanting more than anything to tear that strap aside and sink into the warmth contained. I think if Abby had stayed like that for a few seconds longer I might have got up and done just that. But she slowly began to straighten up, running her hands up the sides of her legs, sending a shudder through me.
I was putty in her hands at that moment, my shaft was straining against my pants and clearly visible to her as she glanced over her shoulder at me with an innocent smile.
"Are you ready then?" She asked sweetly glancing at my bulge, then sashayed out of the room, wiggling her hips as she went. I simply got up and followed, slightly dazed.
I managed to get ready, hard on and all, meeting Abby by the front door. She opened the door, and brushed passed me, 'accidentally' pressing her hand against my hard on, giving it a little squeeze as she went out the door.
I struggled to the car hoping none of the neighbours weren't looking, as they'd surely be able to see the bulge in my pants!
The trip into town was reasonably uneventful, Abby had made sure that her legs were on display and that the seat belt was pulled tight between her breasts, but other than that she let me drive as we tried to make small talk, but there was a charged atmosphere in the car.
Once parked up, I got out and waited for to Abby to get out too. Abby sat motionless in the car, looking at me, just glancing down at her door. I sighed and went to open her door for her.
"Come on" I said to her pulling her door open. I stepped back to allow her room to get out. Abby appeared to lean back slightly then slowly slithered one leg out, before shifting her rear. I now had a great view up her small skirt, which I suspect was the idea, and the triangle of material covering her mound was very inviting. I gulped as she held the position for a few more seconds whilst she pretended to look for something in her hand bag.
"Sorry" she beamed up at me and proceeded to remove herself from the car. I was horny as hell, but terrified that we'd meet someone we knew, and Abby seemed to be taking every opportunity to flash and tease me.
I followed Abby to the nearby lift, not seeming to be able to take my eyes off her hips and arse. As she walked her skirt would flick from side to side, giving me tiny glimpses of the underside of her buttocks. Once in the lift, she pressed the button to go up 4 floors.
"Do you like what you see Daddy?" She asked me as soon as the doors were closed. Her hands travelled over her breasts and further down her tummy, both of them converged in her crotch, pushing her skirt between her thighs.
"Damn it Abby, you're going to get us caught and both of us in trouble" I hissed
"Oh Daddy I'm so horny right now, don't you want to see?" She moaned quietly.
Meanwhile the lift made its way through floors one and two, I needed to calm her down or we'd be caught when the doors opened.
"Yes honey! Alright I do! I do want to see, but just not now, OK?!" I pleaded with her.
Abby immediately straightened up smoothing her clothes. She fixed me with a triumphant stare and said;
"Good. I'm going to hold you to that and you'll have done more than look by the time I'm finished with you!" she promised. With that she planted a big wet kiss on my lips and drew back just as the doors opened. By the time the doors were open enough to see in we looked like perfectly normal father and daughter, which was a good job really, because on the other side were our neighbours from across the road!
My heart was beating fast. That was too close for comfort, but Abby charmed them with a breezy smile and we all exchanged pleasantries and we went on our way.
"Abby!" I snapped, "Stop fucking around. Don't you know what could have happened if Bob and Sheila had seen us?!"
Abby giggled "I know! Nearly got busted!!" She was obviously in no mood to take this seriously and I began to wonder if we were going to get home at all. I had visions of police cells for the night.
Abby though simply grabbed me by the hand and pulled me toward a nearby restaurant.
"I'm so hungry! Come on let's eat before we get stuck into some serious clothes shopping" she exclaimed.
It looked like lunch was on me. Abby walked straight to the back of the restaurant toward a high sided semi secluded booth. The booth was horseshoe shaped, with padded seats that came up to shoulder height. Abby slid in with her back to the rest of the restaurant and I took the seat opposite.
Abby's 'fun' started straight away, as soon as I had sat down. She leaned forward, her deep cleavage directed straight at me as she squeezed her arms either side plumping them up to eye watering proportions.
The waitress appeared just then, but Abby didn't move.
"Hi there, do you want to see the food menu today?" Said the waitress
"So how hungry are you?" Abby said to me, a twinkle in her eye.
I cleared my throat "I'm quite hungry, I'd like to see the menu please" I said to the waitress.
"Me too, I'm soooo hungry. Do you have sausage on the menu?" asked Abby sweetly, glancing at me
"Sure we do, check page 3. Do you want to order drinks?" Asked the waitress.
"Oh good, I'm really in the mood for a hot sausage. Can I have a diet coke?"
"And for you sir?" the waitress directed at me
"Yes a diet coke too thanks" I said slightly distractedly.
"OK I'll be back in a moment with your drinks, and we'll see about the rest of your order" The waitress said brightly and hustled off.
Turning her head to look at the retreating waitress Abby then turned her attention back to me.
"She was kind of hot, don't you think Dad? Perhaps she'd be up for some fun later on!" Abby remarked teasing me.
The truth is that I had noticed that she was very shapely, young and well formed. Her black uniform was tight, the trousers moulded around her rear, but I gave Abby what I thought was a withering look, she just carried on anyway.
"Mmm I can feel a little tingle between my legs just thinking about her" she trailed off quietly.
At that moment the waitress returned and set down our drinks. After patting herself down to find her note book and pencil, she asked about orders. Abby opened her mouth to order her food, as she did so I felt her foot caress against my lower leg and quickly slide up to place itself in my crotch. She'd done it so fast I didn't really have time to react, and I could hardly push her foot away without drawing the attention of the waitress.
"I think I'll have that sausage, does it come hot? 'Cause I do prefer my sausage hot" asked Abby, focusing her entire attention on the waitress, but below the table her foot was rubbing against my bulge, which was slowly growing again in reaction to the ministration it was receiving.
"Yes hun, the sausage is hot, and it can come with fries or cut outs"
"Hmmm I'm not sure if I'll need fries, I do find sausage very satisfying, is it a big sausage or a small one?"
Abby's foot pressed harder and I held my breath for a moment to stop myself from groaning out loud. I clenched my buttocks, I hoped that the waitress didn't notice, but I silently wished Abby would just get her order done!
"It's a jumbo sausage, so it's pretty big"
"OK, I'll have a big hot jumbo sausage, with the fries please" said Abby, putting emphasis on the big and hot, whilst at the same time rubbing me hard under the table.
The waitress then winked at me and tried to hide her smile
I cleared my throat, as Abby's foot had gone into overdrive between my legs and was caressing and pushing against my stiffened bulge.
"I think I'll have the burger" I croaked.
"Fries?" Asked the waitress
"Yes please" I near enough gasped.
"OK I'll be back with your order shortly" and with that she finally left, and I let out a sigh of relief that we'd got through ordering without being caught!
I pushed Abby's foot away gently with my hands, but she resisted and simply put it back, it went on like this for a few more tries, till I eventually just gave up and let her caress my cock with her foot.
Damn it, I was still confused. I knew this girl wasn't going to give up till I'd fucked her to finish. I'd wanted to finish her so badly, but the interruption has crashed reality down on me. Now in the light of day the doubts crept in again. Father. Daughter. Public.
Felling my resistance to her foot diminish Abby smirked at me and gave a quiet triumphant cry.
"Good boy" she cooed at me. Then abruptly she stopped and scooted around the table so that she was sat to my left and leaned over into her handbag to get some papers and a pencil out.
"Can you help me with some application forms that I've got Dad?"
Normality? God I hoped so.
"Of course baby"
Abby spread them out on the table there must have been 3 or 4 for jobs that she was looking at. I was a little amazed that anyone actually sent out paper application forms anymore, most companies did it via their internet sites these days. But they seemed like genuine forms, and Abby needed a job.
So we started to look through them and chat, and it looked perfectly normal that she was sat so close to me. Suddenly I felt a hand on my thigh. Abby didn't stop talking and kept her attention on the papers. Her hand meanwhile found its way to my still throbbing bulge. I jumped at her touch there and Abby stifled a giggle.
"You'll get us caught" she mimicked quietly
"Not here...." I hissed back at her
Her fingers danced and traced my cock which was virtually at full mast and laid along my right leg. Her left leg then hooked over my right, stopping me from closing my legs and preventing her fun.
"Is this for me?" murmered Abby teasingly. Looking back on it, the funny thing was that I didn't try to stop her. I don't really know why, perhaps I did want this after all. Even now I'm still confused about my feeling and actions.
I half closed my eyes and inhaled deeply, thinking that this would be OK and we'd get away with it no problems. Then I felt her fingers trace the zip of my jeans, quickly drawing the zip down.
Shit! My eyes snapped back open as her hand snaked inside. She leaned over and deftly popped open the button and tugged the jeans slightly. Meanwhile her hand found my shaft encased in my boxers. She pulled the material upward, exposing my cock and pulled it out into the open.
I was frozen in panic, my eyes must have been wide. The feeling of my daughters' soft fingers around my shaft was amazing and prevented me from wilting. Abby gave me a few gentle strokes and I heard a soft groan from her and she hung her head pretending to work at the application forms.
OH MY GOD! The waitress was coming back with our food! Real fear gripped me now, enough to bring a cold sweat to my brow and enough for my member to start to shrink.
"Stay cool and you'll be fine Dad" Abby murmured and she squeezed my cock hard to stop it from shrinking any further.
The waitress hustled over with our plates;
"Here we go, a big hot sausage for the lady." said the waitress trying not to smirk
"... and the burger for you sir"
My heart was pounding as the waitress put down the plate, as she bent forward, I noticed a few buttons of her shirt were undone, and I got a great view of her cleavage. My cock jerked in Abby's hand and despite my terror I felt my member swell again. At that moment Abby lifted my cock up enough for the tip to clear the edge of the table.
The waitress saw the movement out of the corner of her eye and gasped, covering her gaping mouth with her hand. But instead of screaming or getting angry, she simply giggled and watched for a moment as Abby's hand squeezed and massaged my cock.
Holy shit this was crazy! But despite myself I closed my eyes and let loose a low groan.
"Shhhh! Are you crazy Abby?!" the girl giggled.
My eyes snapped open. What?! She knew my daughter? Shit did she know who I was?!
"This is Janey. Don't worry, she's cool" said Abby sensing my confusion.
Janey casually ran her hand over her shirt covered breast.
"Nice to meet you sir" Janey said winking at me "Enjoy your meals" she said giggling again as she spun around and wiggled off.
I was in a complete trance. Janey must have known that I was Abby's Dad, and she'd just watched Abby wanking me off in her restaurant.
Abby laughed at me and released my cock and scooted around the table across from me again, stealing one of my fries as she went. She then looked me in the eye and raised her hand to her mouth and made sure that I could see the pre-cum which had apparently oozed onto her hand. She locked eyes with me and swiped her tongue across it gathering up the sticky residue.
Meanwhile before I could put my throbbing cock away, I felt her bare toes caressing the shaft again. Damn, it felt so good! Then another set of toes joined the first, and before I knew it, she had my cock sandwiched between the soles of her feet and she slowly massaged me up and down.
If you've never had a foot job, then you're missing out, because right then I frankly didn't care, I was all about the pleasure just then and my lust was rising fast.
"Eat up Daddy, people will notice" Abby chided, tucking into her food as though nothing was wrong.
I managed to struggle through my lunch with Abby teasing and caressing my cock. Sometimes wanking it, sometimes massaging it with her toes, but never letting up. Once we'd finished our food, Abby abruptly stopped and stood up, smoothing her small skirt down at the back.
"I'll get the cheque" Abby said spinning around
"Oops" she said innocently, dropping her purse on the floor. She bent right over to get it, legs slightly apart and straight. But this time instead of a view of her panties, which was erotic enough, she must have pulled her panties to one side as she was getting up, because there was her sex on full display to me. She was clearly aroused as I could see she was parted and glistening. The view was brief however and she straightened up, stopping half way, glancing over her shoulder at me and quickly ran a hand over her arse, snapping her panties back over her pussy before straightening up fully and swishing off to the counter.
I glanced around franticly, still sat there with my cock out throbbing and dripping pre-cum, but the restaurant was still empty. I snapped out of my daze and started to tuck myself back in again. Looking up I caught sight of Abby at the counter talking to Janey, they were laughing and both were glancing at me. As Janey caught sight of me looking, she waved and turned to Abby gave her a quick kiss on the cheek, whispered something and disappeared into the kitchen.
I collected our things and joined Abby at the counter, holding my hands in front of my bulging crotch, hoping it looked natural.
We left the restaurant and made our way to the nearest clothes shop, not saying anything to each other. How could Abby have betrayed me like that, how could she have let our secret out? Fear crawled down my spine, and anger welled in my chest.
I bit my tongue, I wanted to explode, but a public forum wasn't the place for it. I swallowed my anger and took some deep breaths. Trying to remember why I was there, I picked out a couple of shirts and trousers that I liked, and took them to a changing room. Abby followed close behind. I expected her to wait whilst I tried the clothes on. I don't know why I thought that after Abby's outrageous turn at the restaurant. Without a second thought, she simply followed me in and tugged the curtain closed.
I threw the clothes on the floor and rounded on her, my anger lose "What the fuck Abby?! Who the hell was that at the restaurant? Does she know I'm.... you know?" I hissed.
Momentarily startled, Abby quickly collected her thoughts in the face of my temper "Easy.... No, she doesn't know you. She's my friend from College. I told her that you're my 'boyfriend'. She has no idea that you're my Dad! Jesus I'm not stupid Dad!" she said quietly
I stared at her for a moment and she became uncomfortable under my gaze, perhaps for the first time realising that she might have crossed the line.
"But it was quite sexy though.... Showing you off to my friend...." She whispered mischievously.
I opened my mouth to reply, but stopped not really knowing what to say to this teenage temptress. I had the sudden realisation that I'd unleashed a monster and that all of this was likely my own fault. I'd corrupted her, I'd encouraged her by not putting a stop to this.
Abby slowly raised her arms and placed her hands on my shoulders. Her hands travelled to the back of my neck and she stepped into me, her body pressed against me as she looked directly into my eyes.
"I'm sorry Daddy. I didn't mean to be a bad girl" She simpered innocently, gently rubbing her breasts against my chest.
I didn't even think. I grabbed her hard behind the head and mashed my lips to hers
My hands immediately went to her thighs, as I pushed her back against the wall, my lust took hold. Abby responded in kind. Her fingers dug into my neck and she raked her fingers down my spine, reaching for my ass. Animal lust had taken us both and all I wanted was to fuck this beauty. Right here and right now. Abby felt it too. Breaking the kiss, she threw her head back gasping quietly, as my own lips travelled down her neck.
Her hand was suddenly thrust between us as she scrabbled for my button and zip. Deftly she achieved her goal and I let my trousers drop. With a growl I pulled my own boxers down, freeing my painfully throbbing cock, which sprang up and pushed her skirt between her legs. Abby yanked the skirt upward and my throbbing tip rubbed against the warm damp material of her thin panties.
She didn't stay covered for long though as I roughly pulled her small sticky panties aside. Abby was making small mewing noises and her breathing was shallow and rapid, her chest heaving. Her nipples fully erect and pushing through the thin material of her halter top.
I narrowed my eyes as a fresh jolt of pure animal lust surged through me. Abby was desperately reaching for my cock, grabbing it she began to jerk it awkwardly against her slick pussy. I smacked her hand away and took it myself and rubbed the tip against her hard, trying to find her opening. She was so damn wet and as hot as lava that it only took me a matter of seconds to locate her entrance. I lodged my tip inside her making her gasp, then holding her thighs again I rammed home hard.
The pleasure sensors in my cock and my brain exploded. I sank into her straight up to the hilt. As my pelvis met hers, I could feel her juices drench all around the base of my cock as I held her there. She was so damn tight, like a glove. Every gasp and pant sent contractions to grip, caress and massage my aching shaft.
Oh god I could feel the excitement build already, there was no time to be gentle, I needed to fuck my daughter now and hard before it was all over and my pent up lust and frustration took control.
"I'll teach you to tease me slut" I growled quietly in her ear and I withdrew my cock to the tip, before ramming it home again fast before she could recover. Abby simply buried her face in my neck as I pumped and pumped my daughter right there against the wall in that dressing room.
"Is this what you wanted huh? Daddy's cock feel good Slut?" I hissed at her. Her answer was to grip me hard and begin to shudder. She held her breath and threw her head back again. In an effort to stop her screaming, I covered her mouth with mine and darted my tongue in. Her orgasm hit her then as I kissed her and continued to pump until her pussy gripped me hard and she bore down on me, grinding her pelvis against mine. She gripped me so tight that I had to slow my pace a fraction, but I powered on thrusting her a she bucked through her orgasm.
I was only able to continue on for a few more thrust. All of my pent up lust for my daughter had built till this final crescendo, when I thrust inside her as deep as I could, holding myself there, arching my back and throwing my own head back. My entire body went rigid. The pleasure was excruciating; almost too much to bear. A low groan escaped from my depths and I held my breath for a few seconds until, finally, I erupted deep inside my daughter. The first jet felt powerful. It must have been, as Abby flinched slightly at the feeling, but it was soon followed by more as I relaxed into my orgasm.
My hips jerked uncontrollably, thrusting and twitching, my cock felt like it was twice it's normal size inside her, as I sent stream after stream into sweet Abby.
All too soon though my own orgasm abated and I relaxed laying my head against Abby's neck, panting like I'd run a marathon. I gently rocked my hips against her, our loins slippery with our combined cum. Abby groaned contentedly as I raised my head and kissed her gently. Her hands stroked the back of my head and neck.
We stayed like that for a few more seconds until reality came back to us.
"Come on baby, we'd better get sorted out" I whispered to Abby as I withdrew my sticky wilting member from her. Abby gave a small disappointed groan as I popped free and giggled as a small trickle of cum escaped and ran down her inner thigh.
Without hesitation Abby scooped it up on her finger tips and sucked it greedily into her mouth.
"Yum!" she exclaimed. I shook my head and laughed disbelievingly at her. As I did, I noticed a few wet patches on the floor near the curtain. In fact, it was more like a trail, starting from the curtain and making its way further in. Was that? It looked like... Yes, it was!!
It was a stream of cum, and it sure as hell wasn't mine! Oh my god someone had been watching us the whole time? And wanking them self-off to boot!!
I motioned to Abby wide eyed and beginning to worry again, Abby looked for a moment thoughtfully.
"Well, I hope they enjoyed themselves. But not as much as you and I Dad!" Laughed Abby, before kissing me again.
Left aroused at the thought of being caught and mortified, I wondered where all of this would end.