"I'm so nervous Daddy. Are you sure we should do this?"
Lonnie Turner ignored his daughters whining. She was so gung ho about meeting Josh the Bear all week long but now her true shyness was shining through. He went about setting up his borrowed Nanny cam inside a small teddy bear that wore a Chicago Cubs uniform. It was placed upon the fireplace mantle tilted enough to capture the entire room from couch level to the floor. They had moved the coffee table to the garage earlier to give them plenty of room.
"I know you want this Daddy but I'm terrified. He's 6 foot 8. I'm 5 foot 2 barely. 300 pounds of muscle. 100 pounds of petite. My only weight is in my boobies." She hopped up and down trying to get him to pay attention to her. Finally he did. He grabs her by her chin and stared directly at her.
"Calm down. NOW. You're going to be fine. This shyness will help you put on a good show. Now get in there and put on that Cubs shirt I bought you when we got that damn latex body suit for Comicon. Wear only that Cubs tank, blue bra, and the blue leg warmers. Nothing else."
"No panties?"
"Nope. You let him see up your shirt off and on all night. I'll stick around the first half of the movie then I'm gone. The show is in your hands from there on."
"I'm going to faint." She waves both hands in front of her face as she walks to her bedroom to change. It was almost 8:45. Josh would be there at 9:00. She sprayed her favorite peachy perfume in all the tantalizing places and took a deep breath. After ten minutes she hears a car door and darts out into the living room. Lonnie was swigging a beer when the doorbell rang.
"Answer the door."
She stared at it for thirty seconds then marched up and opened the inner door. There he was. Her eyes lifted high to greet his gaze. She swallowed and smiled shyly. "Hi Joshy."
"There's beautiful Paige." She froze until Joshy opened the outer door. She shook her hands at him.
"I'm really nervous." She admitted shyly.
"Come on in Big Fella." Lonnie called out. "She's been a wreck watching the clock for three hours now." Watching Josh step in, the giant waited for Lonnie to get up from his recliner and step up to shake his hand. "Strong grip there. Paige says you work at a gym. How much do you bench?"
"510 as of today."
"He has muscals." Paige nervously giggles and reaches up to touch his bicep. Josh was wearing a black polo shirt with rolled up sleeves. He winked at her and made his bicep dance. "Oh my gosh. Did you see that Daddy?"
"I did. Smooth Josh. Smooth. Can I get you a beer?"
"Only one. Gotta watch the weight." Josh aims for humor.
"Light beer it is."
"I'll get it Daddy." She skips into the kitchen. Both men's eyes watched her shirt hem flutter about with an expectation of cute butt cheeks being revealed.
"Spunky kid once you get to know her." Lonnie patted Josh on the shoulder. "Have a seat on sofa. Make yourself at home. Just for the record I'm not going to ruin her first date ever by hovering over you two like a hawk. All I need from you is to respect the fact she's new to the whole men thing."
"Daddy don't embarrass me." She steps up to offer Josh a can of beer going so far as to open the tab for him. In the process the beer spat back at her sending droplets on her cleavage. The image of cum splattering her were on both of the men's thoughts. "I'm so messy." She uses her fingers to wipe the droplets from her tits and licks them dry. Holding her finger in her mouth long enough to intentionally tease Josh.
Watching Josh sit down she looks to her Father with saucer sized eyeballs, mouthing, "He's freaking huge." That he was. The second he sits down Lonnie sits in his recliner at an angle to the sofa. He had to look to his left to observe them.
"So Josh? Been on Tender long?"
"A year or so. Not much luck. Girls get intimidated by me."
Puckering Lonnie nods his head. "I can see that. Well you do scare my little girl a bit. A Father knows these things. However, I can also see a sparkle in her eye. That means she likes you."
"I hope so. Since we've been texting and talking I feel really positive about this." Since Tuesday Lonnie had allowed her to call him twice. Both times led to phone sex. She had been busy between playing for Josh as well as Bryan, tomorrows date. She couldn't get enough of the teasing. Even in school she dealt with Brett Chenowyth only yesterday when he returned from a three day suspension. His parents read him the riot act and his thoughts were everywhere else but trying to blackmail Paige. But, having literally been naked in school her hunger for teasing was growing. She wore her zip up jeans again only yesterday and unzipped it herself for Beau. She was nearly certain he wasn't gay. Even though he insisted he was. So far so good. Tonight it was Bear season.
Paige sits with her legs facing Josh, a couch cushions separation between them. She blushes and smiles at Josh at the same time. Those eyes were definitely sparkling. So were his. He did his best to share his attention between Paige and her Father. It wasn't easy with Paige rubbing her legs and her Cubs tank top expressing her melons so vibrantly. She kept her knees close together for now trying not to appear over eager in letting Josh see her blazing pubic arrow and it's target. Her bullseye was already wet.
"Paige says you work at the Distillery. Get a discount on the good stuff?" Josh directs his eyes to Lonnie while swigging his beer.
"Ten percent on anything 200 proof." He chuckles.
"Nice. I have a buddy that works out there."
Lonnie hesitates. He hadn't thought of any of these men having family or friends that might work with him. With a pucker he chose his words carefully. "Who's that?"
"Travis Ward. He's in sales."
"Ah! I work on the floor. Batch maker. I'm not real familiar with the office folk."
"He says he knows you. Thinks you're a pretty decent guy."
"Well that's good to hear."
Josh returns his gaze to Paige. She blushes immediately, even her toes curled under pressure. He grinned and gave her a wink. She winked back. That was a good sign. Her hands continually caressed her legs from knee to upper thigh. When Lonnie wasn't looking she mischievously slid her hem higher. Josh certainly looked at the movement with interest. She nibbled her bottom lip as her Father set up the DVD player focusing on the channel set up, then ejecting the tray. As he did Paige got brave and moved her legs apart and hiked her tank higher to give Josh a peek at glory. There it was the pinkest pussy ever designed. Josh nodded impressed by her sudden boldness. This night might actually happen he pondered. Truth be told Josh was worried she might panic and clam up. Clam up she did. That clam between her legs was downright stunning. The second Lonnie lowered the remote she put her shirt down and closed her legs offering a devious grin toward the Bear. He could respect that.
"Alright, Paige chose a classic horror movie."
"Child's Play." She giggles shrugging shyly.
"Ohhh yeah I remember Chucky. He scared the heck out of me as a kid." Josh admitted.
"Paige still has nightmares about her Teddy Bear coming to life and chasing her."
"Dadddyyyy! I can't help I like Fuzzy."
"Nothing wrong with that. Cubs fan I see. Nothing like a beautiful animal lover."
"Me and her Uncles watched the Cubbies on her Birthday. The plays those guys made were outstanding. The Cards were dealt." He chuckles. "Cardinals got their asses spanked. I bet they got into hot water with their Managers." Paige wanted to burst out laughing at her Dad's play by play of her best night ever.
"I like fuzzy things." She shyly whispers.
"Don't we all." Josh points a large finger between her legs. Her eyes brighten up at his directness.
"You have really big hands."
Josh leans toward her with his palm. She places her own palm against his hand. His were twice the size of hers, fingers alone as thick as Cuban cigars. She shivers as Lonnie sighs.
"Gosh. Daddy look. He could probably hold both of my hands in one of his."
"Try it." Lonnie laughs winking at Josh. She lifts her other hand making a fist side by side with her already poised palm. It too clenched allowing Josh to wrap mighty fingers around both of her fists. She dropped her jaw as his squeezed her hands. With a loud growl he spooks her making her jump and turn beet red. Still she smiled.
"See what you walked into?" Lonnie shook his head raising his beer at Josh. Josh returned the salute and sat back. "Put the movie in. I think I put it under the John Wick."
Again a reminder of their first night of incest. Paige was wet as hell. As she gets up from the couch, Lonnie leaves his recliner. "I better hit the John before this starts." Trudging away he left Paige alone with Josh. She drops to her hands and knees and crawls away from the couch moving to the entertainment center. Her bare ass hanging out with her tank revealing her cunt and anal pucker. Josh had to grip his crotch. Hibernation was over for Yogi. She looks back at him while biting her lower lip and shakes her booty. Locating the stashed DVD she sits up with her heart shaped cheeks still offering inspection even as the shirt slipped down a bit. DVD in the tray she pushes it in. The movie went through its privacy statement. She turns and crawls back toward Josh like a prowling cat. Her red pigtails wagging about. As were those gorgeous tits bobbing from side to side seen vividly through her open cleavage. Reaching the couch she looks toward the restroom before kneeling in front of Josh. Her hands reach up and rub his hairy legs as she shares a doe like gaze with him.
"You are beautiful."
"Am I what you pictured?"
"Better than what I dreamed of." His hand raises and palms the entire left side of her head. She shivered at his monster hands. That same hand moved lower to surround her neck. Just as she suspected his fingers and thumb touched while holding her whole neck in his grip. She melted suddenly.
"They did touch." She trembles.
"Wait until I do that when fucking you." He exhales across her face as his head met hers.
"Oh my gosh. I really want that." Hearing the toilet flush he releases her and she jumps up to take her seat. Shuffling out Lonnie yawns heavily.
"Damn! I might not get through this movie. I'm tired as hell."
"Paige is in good hands Mister Turner." She lowers her gaze knowing that was meant toward her.
"Call me Lonnie."
"I'll just start the movie and get you kids...started. I guess you're not a kid are you Josh. You know what I mean. Nothing against your age. It's only a number." He smirked and puts the movie on play. Once the opening credits start Lonnie moves over to the fireplace and hits the gas igniting a flame. "There's some ambience."
"Thank you Daddy."
"Get him another beer if he wants one. It was nice meeting you Josh. I hope you tick around."
"Thanks Lonnie."
Lonnie Turner turned the light out on them leaving them the fire and the glow of the TV. Off he went to his bedroom. He intentionally left his door ajar. From the angle of its opening he could peer straight out to the living room floor. His bedroom light out he sits on his bed watching.
"You can scoot over here if you want to Paige. I promise to bite." Josh grinned patting the cushion next to him. She holds her breath a moment then lurches forward and avoids the cushion. Instead she surprises him by slowly crawling into his lap like a child and snuggles in. His left arm draping around her hip and legs. Watching the movie for a good five minutes she shivers. He rubs her arm and leg trying to relax her. Laying her head in the quick of his neck she giggles at his bushy beard tickling her cheek and nose. Her fingers reach up and lightly pets him. "Like my beard?"
"Fuzzy." She whispers.
"Think Lonnie might come out and check on us?"
"When we hear him snore we can start my massage. If you...still want to."
"These clothes come off." He tugs at her cleavage peering down at her royal blue lace bra. She nods with a slow agreement and offers an extremely shy gaze. Even behind her glasses she was erotic. She fidgets a bit wiggling in his lap.
"Is that your...Grizzly?"
"Fuck yeah! He woke up from hibernation and he's hungry."
"Looking for Goldilocks?"
"Damn that kid voice is hot. Sure Goldilocks." His fingers rise to toy with a pigtail. "You really did put your hair in tails."
"I can take them out."
"Leave them. They're sexy. You're sexy."
"Am I really?" She remains in the crook of his neck stroking his beard.
"You're trembling."
"Scared."
"Of me?"
"Of getting attached."
"You don't want to get hurt. I get it."
"No. It's not that. Everything we talked about over the phone. Between moans." She smiles briefly then goes shy, "You wanting to share me with your friends. Was that...true?"
He inhales deeply and nods, "Tell me what you want. Be open."
"I-I want to be what you want me to be." She pouts slightly.
"And if that means all of my friends taking advantage of tiny little sheepish Paige?"
She nods slowly and looks up at him with a glare of wonder. She was too damned sexy. Her shyness made her erotic as hell.
"What do you want me to see my friends do to you?"
"Take my clothes off. Touch me all over. A lot of hands on me at once." She swallows and turns her attention on his polo shirts parted neckline. There she pinches his chest hair and tangles fingers in it. "Kiss me everywhere. Suck on my boobies. Lick me...down there. Put fingers up inside my pussy." She felt his already monster cock double in size beneath her. Her eyes flare at his concealed girth.
"What else?" He stares at her without expression.
"Make me stare at you as they fuck me from behind. Spanking me. Pulling my hair. Putting dicks in my mouth. I want your dick in my mouth Joshy." She gently whimpers.
"We'll get there. Keep going."
"Your friends holding me down and taking turns fucking me. Dicks in my pussy and my butthole. Mouth at the same time. Mouths over both of my nipples. I want to make you proud of me."
"I need you to prove to me you can do that Paige. If you want me to make you my girl you have to show me you can do that."
"I will. I promise."
"I hear snoring." He tilts his head toward the hallway. Sure enough Lonnie had started the prerecorded CD and put it in his stereo. He had recorded an entire night of slumber so that he could use it for tonight.
"Daddy is asleep."
"Straddle my lap." He pats her hip encouraging her to escape her comfy spot. She carefully moves into position facing him, her knees to each side of his muscular legs. Afraid suddenly to touch him her hands lingered at her sides. She blushes brightly as he glares at her. "Arm over your head." She commits as his hands guide her tank up and over her head and arms. It gets tossed aside. He then pulls her chest toward him and reaches both hands around to unclasp her bra. As her tits vacated the cups he threw it on the floor. Sizing her up he faintly smiles. "Perfection."
"Thank you." She manages through trembling lips.
He delicately runs his fingers up her belly and trickles them over her breasts. Cupping them in his mighty hands he squeezes them. Kneading her tits just to watch the impressions his fingers were leaving. Paige closed her eyes and tilted her head back. As he admired her throat his hands released her tits and slid North to surround her neck again. Using both hands for a darker control. His thumbs press a bit on her windpipe taking her breath away. She got goosebumps over every square inch of her body. Possibly inside if that were even...well, possible. Hands still around her neck he pulls her toward him and kisses her hard on the lips. Paige Turner lost her soul at first kiss. This was beyond her wildest fantasies. His hands held her locked into his kiss. Not that she ever wanted to escape it. Daddy just might have made a terrible mistake. Paige began to yearn for this kind of treatment. Her own hands went to the sides of his face and held his features captive. Josh loved her retaliation. As thrilling as the steamy kiss was Josh guided her away, unclasping her throat. She pouted at their removal. She took his lower lip with her forcing him to sigh. Sitting her upright he holds a finger up to make her wait.
Removing his polo shirt brought Paige's eyes to his massive chest muscles. The Bear was ripped. Even little veins were popping beneath his mass of fur. Touching them he studies her expression of awe. Her mouth wide. Eyes bulging with a bit of fear in them. As she caressed his chest he smiles at her. Massive hands land on her butt squeezing them. Making his pecs quiver made her jump and giggle. "Do it again." He does and she sighs heavily.
"Your turn." He winks.
Paige channels her energy but ends up just shaking her tits in front of his face. That leads Josh to leave her ass and roam both hands up her back until he reaches her shoulder blades. There he nudges her forward and devours her left nipple. She again reels back and moans softly. His tender feeding moved to her right nipple. She whimpered at his tongue swirling her areola. So very sensitive.
"Ohhhh Joshy." A palm reaches up to cup her mouth to silence even a whisper. Once removed she embraces his continual feast. She worried she might end up with excessive marks and had to break the silence. "No hickies. Daddy can't find hickies anywhere."
"Thought you wanted it rough."
"I do. Maybe next time? I swear I want hickies all over me. Just...not on my first date."
"How did you lose your virginity if you never dated a guy?"
"Bicycle accident when I was young. I've had sex once though. A boy from school." She lied to protect her future.
"Alright. Ready for that massage?"
"Yessssssss. Carry me."
He chuckles lightly and stands up with her still straddling his lap. Her legs clinging harder as if he would drop her. She was a feather to him. He takes her to the floor right in front of the fire. Kneeling over her he peels her away and watches her stretch out. Noticing her Down comforter folded up in a basket next to the fireplace he stands up and goes to get it. Fanning it out over her like a tent he hides her listening to her giggle. She grabs an edge and rolls herself out on top of it curling up so cutely.
"Damn sexy Paige. All you need now is your teddy bear." He eyes the tiny bear Nanny cam. She guesses his thoughts and reacts.
"Nooo. I need Fuzzy." She hops up and wiggles away peering over her shoulder at him knowing he was looking at her heart shaped bottom. Passing in front of Lonnie's door she blows a kiss at unseen eyes. If she could see Lonnie she would have shot another kiss back at her. He was busy stroking his cock. She swooped up her age old Teddy Bear and tiptoed back to Josh. Dropping to her knees on the blanket she stretches out on her tummy and holds Fuzzy like a child. Josh grit his teeth looking at her clam and pucker. Those holes were calling out to him. Leering over his shoulder he still hears violent snoring. Convinced he was safe he lowers over her and whispers. "Got lotion?"
"Baby oil. Behind the basket. I planned ahead." She wiggles her butt at him. He nods and steps over to find the large bottle and returns with it. From her side he opens the bottle and trickles a stream down her spine to her butt crack. Corked and set aside he went to work glossing her up. Her body glowing in the fires eternal flickering.
"Mind if I turn the TV off?"
"No. Chucky scares me anyways."
He stretches over to the stand the remote was on and shuts the TV off. Now he had her sole attention. There was one more final detail. Standing over her she looks up at him. He watched her eyes as he unzipped his shorts and dropped them. He wasn't wearing underwear. Out of his cave came the mighty Grizzly. Nine inches of pop can girth. His crown alone made her shiver. It was thicker than Uncle Greg's.
"Oh my goshy Joshy. He...He's humongous."
"This is going in every hole you have."
She sheepishly smiles and cuddles with Fuzzy. "Rub me."
Nodding at her delicious shyness he dropped back down to his knees and went to town. Enormous hands rolled and pressed all over her satiny body. She cooed and moaned at every fingertips starvation of her flesh. Reaching her butt he moves between her legs and digs his massage deep into her butt crack. Thumbs sinking inside her pussy and asshole both. She hid her face in Fuzzy and gripped her comforter dragging it about the floor at her sides. Moving higher he straddled her butt and let his python cock slither along her crack. She could feel enormous balls press against her clam. They were warm and full. His hands working her shoulders as he thrusts his hips offering her a serpent ready to enter paradise.
"Want my cock in that pussy little girl?"
"Yes."
"Can you handle something this big?"
"Uh huh!" She remains hidden but nods her affirmation. Then it dawned on her Daddy said condom. She looks up shyly, "Do you have a rubber?"
"Nothing fits this beast. Changing your mind?"
She offers a worried look. "No. Fuck me."
"That's what I thought." He lifts her up to her knees and follows her flaming arrow up inside her tight little pussy. His very crown made her gasp and bulge her eyes. Mouth open in awe of the mushroom burrowing deeper. She held her breath whimpering as inch by inch he slithered deep. She manages to take eight of nine before tensing up. He grips her shoulder with one hand and wraps the other around her neck. "How you feeling Paige?"
"That's a lot. It feels really good."
"I haven't even pulled out and gone back in."
"Slow at first...no...I can take it. I know I can. Fuck me Joshy."
He grins and drags out six inches before slamming hard back in. Nine actually it home. She yelps then holds Fuzzy up to her mouth to drown out her further moans. Her glasses were steaming up under her exhales. Observing his beast sink and retreat taking her pink recesses with him made him that much hornier. Growling lightly he gets into a steady rhythm. Releasing her shoulder but maintaining her throat he squeezes it. His available hand rises up to her ass rubbing it and prying her left butt cheek to the side.
"My dick looks badass moving in and out. Liking it Beautiful?"
"Y-y-yes." She trembles controlling her verbal desire to scream bloody murder.
His thumb dips in her anal cavity sinking deep with his thrusts. She convulses at his torments but loves the sensations all the same. Harder and harder he takes her.
Removing his thumb he considers something to test her desires to please him. If this idea worked he was going to put her through hell. Her weight nothing to him he grabs her shoulder tightly and gently begins climbing to his feet. She clutched Fuzzy firmly to her chest as Josh literally picks her 100 pound body off the ground. Her feet curl around his upper legs for leverage. His hands on her shoulder and throat held her hostage. Dick still fucking her pussy with dedication the giant turns around making her face her Father's doorway. She dropped her jaw at his aggressive nature.
Still hearing snores Josh smirks. "Let's go for a walk."
Whimpering he takes a step forward. Then another. Three more. Two more He had carried her down the hallway to her Father's door. Noting it ajar Josh whispers, "Push his door open."
"Nooo!" She barely whispers but does so praying her Father didn't get busted. Lonnie had noticed Josh's approach and swiftly dove under his covers before they reached him. Realizing his CD player had two tiny lights on it he tosses his underwear over it blanking out the thin lights perfectly. Rolling over he continues feigning slumber.
Watching her Father's silhouette Paige nearly faints as Josh continues plunging in and out of her sloppy cunt. In the doorway Josh smirked. This was fucking incredible. Her Dad was definitely a deep sleeper like she told him. Popping his neck he considers retreat until he sees Paige hold Fuzzy over her face with her left hand but wave him to go in further with her right. He was definitely impressed. Taking the risk he enters the room and hovers her face other the bed. She could easily reach out and touch him. Nose running. Glasses slipping from the bridge of her nose she motions even further. This bitch was crazy. Josh stepped forward one more foot. It was there he sees her remove Fuzzy from her mouth and hold her breath. She sits her teddy bear next to her Father and endures Josh. He was fucking her slowly now knowing a feverish round of hard thrusts would make her moan loud.
Enough was enough he retreated to the hallway. She motioned to be put down. He relents and pulls her up as her feet slip from his legs. Lifting her off of his cock he sets her on her feet quietly. She turns and kneels before him and licks his crown. Eyes affixed on Josh's she swallows his cock while using both hands to stroke the remaining inches she couldn't devour. He grins at her and reaches down to remove her thick rimmed glasses. Her green eyes were full of life.
"That's it Little girl. Suck that cock." Placing her glasses on his head he reaches both hands to acquire her pigtails holding her mouth firm over his girth. Her jaw nearly at capacity he gags her. As her throat chokes he watches Lonnie roll over and face them. Still snoring. In the dark Lonnie watched his daughter take it like a pro.
The Bear observes Lonnie for further movement noting the stuffed teddy bear fall off the mattress on to the floor. A soft landing was expected. Releasing her tails he lifts her away from his cock and stands her up. She yearned for more. In a bold move one of his mighty hands grips her shoulder. The other cups her drenched pussy. Lifting her he surprises her turning her upside down. He holds her tightly and eases his hands to palm her hips. Hoisting her weight higher he nestles his mouth into her pussy and devours her hole with his tongue. She in return grabbed his cock and sucked him upside down. Squeezing his balls he squirms not wanting to cum. Her faint moans demanded creamy goodness. Right there just outside Lonnie's opened door. Lonnie watched it all jerking off under his blankets.
Hearing Paige moan he knew she was ready to cum and cum hard. Josh prepared turns and carries her back to the living room. Coaxing her off of his cock she finds saliva slobbering over her face until she was upright in his arms. Facing him she wraps her legs around his waist as he lowers a single hand to reunite her pussy with Grizzly Adams. He allowed her to thrust up on him as they stared into each others eyes. Her gyrations making her emotional. She reclaims her glasses from his head and puts them back on. She had missed them.
"You're making a good impression little girl."
"Am I?" She whimpers at each pass over her G-spot.
"Still want my friends?"
"Do you want your friends to have me?"
"Next date in two weeks? Give me time to give the lucky bastards a call?"
"Can they all cum on me?"
"Let it rain. Let it rain."
"I'm going to cum all over you now." She hugs him tightly and squeals loudly, body tensing to gush a warm fountain around his nine iron cock. As her eyelids open she peers down the hallway to see her Father standing in his doorway jerking hard. He gives her a thumbs up as she shyly smiles and rolls her cheek along Josh's hairy neck.
Forced to leave her Father's gaze she is carried to the floor again. Settling her down on the white blanket Josh drowns her body in his mass. Her hands exploring every bulging muscle he possessed as he began fucking her missionary. She began kissing his chest as he pumped harder and harder. His arms reaching back to grip her ankles he pries her legs wide and reels back to his knees. His muscles daunting her imagination she reaches in and rubs her clit. The moaning got louder and louder. Her face beet red she weeps. "Joshy. I want you."
"I want to own you."
"Own me?"
"That's right."
Her eyes dance emotionally feeling every mad thrust this giant slammed in her. She studies his face then reaches up to palm his cheek. "After I graduate?"
"How much longer?"
"Three weeks."
"Three weeks then. Twenty of my friends to congratulate you on getting that diploma."
"Hickies everywhere then. Possess me Joshy."
He offers a very happy expression then creases his brow. Joshua was ready to detonate. Violent thrusts inside her make her yelp loudly. Suddenly, Josh didn't care if her Father woke up. He felt good about owning this little cunt. He groans gruffly reeling his head back to feel every tight hot recoil of her pinkness. Her jaw wide ready to cum yet again at his relentless destruction. Both let the windows shake. Paige began screaming..."OH GOD! FUCK ME JOSHY. HARDER. HARDER."
With a vengeful look in his eyes he holds out until she flourishes into another screaming orgasm. Eyes wound back into her head he slams harder than ever. Releasing her ankles her legs flail to his sides. His hands reach in to collar her neck. Thumbs pressing her throat. Her mind was lost in the moment. Knowing his limit Josh stands while holding her throat. With wobbling legs his cock explodes a torrent of milky lava all over her belly and fiery arrow. Inching higher a second gut controlled splatter coats her tits. He knew he had another round in his swollen chamber. Releasing her throat he hobbles over her face and strokes his beast fiercely until that final outburst peppered her entire face. Droplets bead up on her glasses. Exhausted he drops to her side and drags her in to cuddle with him. She couldn't breath. The sex was too intense. She was so numb she didn't bother to attempt wiping his cum away.
"J-Joshy?" She pouted as his arm held her closer.
"Yeah?"
"I think my Daddy is awake. I don't hear snoring."
"What?" Josh lifts his head to see Lonnie standing over them wearing only jeans. Arms folded he shakes his head.
"Is that all you got?"
"Shit!" Josh covers his eyes with his forearm. He feels Paige stir in his arms rolling over to face him. Removing his arm she warmly smiles at the Bear before leaning in to kiss him. Wet cum dabbed his face as they Frenched. He felt her hand slip down through his hair to stroke his cock. Knowing Lonnie was watching Josh had to break away and shoot a glance of disbelief toward Lonnie. In his masked uncertainty Josh found Lonnie had gone to his bedroom and was returning with her teddy bear Fuzzy. Crouching behind his daughter he hands her the bear and looks at Josh. She was still stroking him lovingly.
"I think she likes you Josh. I'm going back to bed. I expect to hear her screaming for another hour. She keeps that damned bear with her the whole time."
"Thank you Daddy." She shyly waves goodbye.
"What the fuck Paige?" Josh slapped his forehead out of astonishment.
"You can still own me. Daddy just wants what's best for me."
"Are you two freaks or something?"
"He lets me do what I want. But, I have to obey his wishes until I graduate. After that I can be yours." She plays the game.
"Unbelievable. Fuck it." He jumps to his feet and picks her up. Tossing her over his shoulder he marches down the hall and kicks Lonnie's door open. Lonnie shocked as he laid there saw Josh walk around the foot of the bed and hurl Paige down beside him. Without regret Josh climbs in over her and drags her in for a new penetration. He fucks Paige right beside her Father. She instantly begins moaning. "Joshy!" He roughly turns her face to Lonnie. "Talk to him not me." Josh had no idea this was easy to do.
"Hi Daddy. Josh is fucking me really hard. I love it."
"Good to know you have a guy that can satisfy you."
"Daddy?" She holds her teddy bear under her cheek in a seductive manner as Josh pounds her cunt hard. She whimpers and yelps while trying to speak.
"Yes Sweetheart?"
"His dick is so big inside me. Oh my God Daddy. I really like Joshy."
"Sounds like it."
"He wants to own me Daddy."
"Oh really?" Lonnie nods glaring at a sweat drenched Josh who dared to look at her Father. "That true Josh?"
"After she graduates I'm taking her to live with me. I'm going to do unspeakable things to your little girl here."
"Gonna provide a good life for her?"
"Absolutely."
"Owning her is a big move. You talking slave?"
"Collar and all."
"I see. Look at her tits bounce. That's her happy dance."
Josh looks down to see her tits overactive at his pounding thrusts. Her cries were getting deafening.
"Daaaaaaaaaaadddddy!" Fuzzy was along for the frisky ride. Crushed under her chin for comfort she whimpered shyly with each graze upon her G-spot. Paige was falling in love. It would be the first of many loves.
"If you're going to keep her you better fuck her harder Buddy."
Josh shakes his sweat from his brow. "Unreal. This is a major fucking turn on."
"You started it. I'm just biting my tongue because I love my little girl. Here! She likes her clit rubbed." Lonnie reaches under Josh to tease her clit with his thumb. She bulges her eyes and looks up at Josh.
"You fuck your daughter don't you?"
"I'm not stopping you from fucking Paige as often as you like. Yes I do. Even if you take her from my home I'm going to fuck her. Is that understood Charles Atlas?"
Mind blown Josh feels a new urge to detonate. Nodding his agreement Josh rears o his knees and wipes his brow with his forearm. "Time for another coat of paint." He pulls out and raises her hips to direct his new snowfall right on her clit Josh nails it. Slapping her clit with his crown as he stroked she reaches one hand up to touch Josh's belly. Her other hand out to caress her Father's cheek.
"I love you Daddy."
"Love you too Sweetheart."
Cum froths from his urethra and produces a dairy of puddled milk over her red pubes. She coos. Josh stretches wildly as his cock rests on her cunt. Eying Lonnie he puckers in thought.
"Tell your Dad what I'm going to make you do to prove that you want me."
She shyly hugs Fuzzy and whispers, "I'm going to fuck all of his friends in front of him."
Eyes widening Lonnie takes it all in. "If she gets hurt I'm gonna take you out."
"Come on over and watch her. Few beers. We can share in their instruction."
"Instruction or destruction?"
"Both I guess."
"Twenty Daddy."
"You want this Paige?" Lonnie narrows his eyes.
"Yes."
"Alright. Not until after graduation though. Until then she's mine."
"Deal." Josh fist bumps Lonnie. Paige squeals and kicks her feet excitedly.
"Let me walk you out." Lonnie motions it was time to leave.
Leaning down over her for one last thirty second kiss Paige melts into Josh's chest with her palms. She could feel his heartbeat. Peeling away Josh whispers, "Miss me."
She snuggles with Fuzzy tightly and nods with a puffed lower lip. She was ordered to remain in Lonnie's bed until Josh was gone. Giving him time to get dressed Lonnie grabs two fresh beers and walks Josh to his truck a large Silver Dodge Ram. Leaning on the truck swigging their beers Lonnie starts the conversation.
"How serious are you? No bullshit."
"I want her."
"I own her right now. We share or no deal. You get her a weekend. I get her a week."
"I swear I won't let anyone hurt her."
"Condoms on your friends. I'll be there but nobody knows I'm her Dad. She's a little impressionable still but she counts on me. I'm going to level with you Josh. If you want her as your toy you'll accept what I have to say."
"I'm listening."
"This Tender thing. I've encouraged her to make more dates with guys. I want her to keep those dates."
"Long as I have my fun with her."
"She does like you I can tell."
"Someday I'll want her fulltime Lonnie."
"And, I'll grant you that. Maybe I'm a sick motherfucker Josh but I like watching my daughter get sexy and fuck hard."
"Sick as you I guess. I'm the same way." He clinks Lonnie's bottle.
"She has another date tomorrow. You in?"
"What's your plan?"
"A guy named Bryan is taking her to the lake. Grab some buddies and meet me there. Bryan doesn't know what I look like so we can play along. Let's let him enjoy Paige and I'll have her naked laying in the sun. We give him plenty of time but we give Paige plenty of excitement. Deal?"
"Damn! Evil Dad Lonnie."
"Takes evil to know evil. I do love my kid, I just know she's become a nympho. Protective encouragement makes us all happy. You watch my back I'll allow you to own Paige."
"Hey Daddy?" josh nods finishing off his beer before finishing his sentence. "Go fuck your kid. She's got another orgasm in her."
Lonnie offers a queer expression. "That kid has twenty orgasms in her."
"Then keep her going all night. I'm heading home. You've got my number text or call me with the game plan. I'll touch base with some of my buds."
"Night Josh."
Fists bump one last time then Josh climbs in his truck and drives off. Lonnie finishes his beer and heads inside to have a loooong talk with his hot ass nerd. He didn't fuck her again. He merely jerked off in front of her as they talked. Inspecting her for bruises and hickies he found only a thumb print bruise on her shoulder. Paige got lucky this time.
Together they fell asleep in each others arms on the blanket in the living room.
Fuzzy standing guard.