This next story is a little while after my first exhibitionist experience on the bus. This is when I started becoming more daring and actually flashing myself opening in public.
So about a year and a half ago James and I went to the city for a 30th birthday at a bar. Being at a bar on a Friday night, James and I decided to have a little fun after the party. I bought a dress a while back that was very tight and rode up high as I walked. I didn't realise how much until an hour before the party. I was waiting for James and was seated. When I got up and started walking to his office, it had ridden up to above my pussy (luckily I had a coat on).
The dress was black with two layers. As the outermost layer was embroidered and see through, there was a tight layer under the top layer. Since the back of the dress was open I decided against wearing a bra. So I wore the dress with sheer stockings and a pink thong.
The party was uneventful. It was only when we left did things get interesting. We exited the bar onto the busy main road. It wasn't packed but was definitely crowded. The plan was to do a little 'accidental flashing' and have James take pictures and videos.
We moved to the side of the footpath and with my coat on I pulled up the inner most layer of the dress. This meant that half my ass was showing for anyone that had that second look. In the light it was obvious I wasn't wearing panties and you could see my ass cheeks through the black, lacy embroidery.
Our first stop was an ATM to test how short I should make the dress. I waited nervously for the people using the ATM's to leave. As soon as they did I walked up to the atm and put my card in. James instructed me to pretend to check my balance but to almost lean against the ATM, sticking my ass out. I did and he stood behind me and snapped a few pictures. I could feel the cold breeze against my ass as the thin transparent layer was little protection from the elements. For those people that walked past and looked my way, it would have been like I was unaware that my cheeks were showing, but little did they know that was exactly what I wanted.
We moved on towards the station but noticed a secluded escalator going to some stores above the station. I was now walking with just the dress on, my cheeks showing in the city lights. James motioned to get on the escalator. I did and I leant against the side, sticking my ass up giving him a better view of my ass. He snapped a few pictures before reaching the top. Next he told me to be more daring and lift both layers up, exposing more of my ass. I gladly obliged by pulling my tight black dress up to just above the bottom of my cheeks. I got on the escalator and went to the next level as he followed. I decided to give him a show and slowly walked up the escalator, making sure to stick my ass out. I stopped and reached down, pretending to fix my shoes, giving him a clear look at my cheeks as my dress rode up. I straightened up, pulled my dress down and stepped off the escalator like it was all an 'accident'.
We noticed a few stairs leading to an alley. With my back to the escalators I posed for James, lifting up my dress and flashing my freshly shaved pussy. I loved the look of lust he gave me as he snapped away on his phone. I heard noises and two Asian girls dressed for a night out walked down the escalators. They stood behind me for a few seconds but James motioned for me to continue flashing him. I was absolutely terrified they would come my way and see me flashing but they didn't, they went down the next set of escalators to the main road.
We followed and I stood facing James now and lifted my dress to expose my pussy. We were headed to the main road but James wanted me to keep my dress up. I kept the dress up as the escalator continued down, the footpath and passers by coming into view. All someone would have had to do was look over and see me flashing my pussy and James recording me.
We'd made a number of trips up and down the escalators so we decided to move on. We were at the station now and decided to move to the other side where there was a large set of escalators (about 3 floors in one I'd say). The plan was for James to take some pictures of me with my cheeks showing.
I pulled up the inner layer of my dress so that over half my ass was now showing. It was quite bright and I got a number of looks from men as they realized what they could see. I pretended like I was totally unaware and would randomly pull my dress down to make it look legitimate. I loved the second looks I was getting. There was a number of men after working heading home that would walk past me and turn around and walk a few steps staring at my ass. One man stopped and just watched me as I walked away, his eyes focused on my ass (James stayed back and walked behind me noticing all the guys that checked me out). I got a few looks from some ladies as well, probably thinking how much of a slut I looked like but I didn't care. It was so exciting to be so exposed.
We got to the escalators and I headed up first. James followed and managed to snap a few pictures. I leant against the side, stuck my ass out and pretended to be on my phone. What made it so exciting but terrifying was there were people who constantly were going the other way (going down). I noticed that some of the men would turn around as they went past me. It may have been because James was a few steps behind me with his phone pointed at my ass, that might have given it away...none the less, I loved it!
We got to another busy road and noticed there was a somewhat deserted park on the other side. James suggested we go there and so we crossed the road and headed towards the park. We noticed a number of benches and James saw a great opportunity. I put my bag down and pretended to look inside it. As I did this, I bent at my waist giving James a good look at my ass behind the see through layer. The outer layer had ridden up to just below my ass cheeks but James could see my pussy peeking out. Next I pulled both layers up to half way up my ass and bent again, "pretending" I didn't notice my ass was now showing. There were a number of people that were walking around in the distance but we didn't care. We would stop as soon as we saw them but most of the time it was when they were already relatively close to us so they must have caught a glimpse of my ass.
We noticed some stairs leading down to another street and thought it was the perfect opportunity for a few sexy videos. I paused at the top of the stairs and posed, nervously pulling my dress up and flashing my pussy, holding that pose till James snapped the pictures. From my vantage point I could see people on the street below but I wasn't sure if they could see me.
We moved down the stairs to the street and found ourselves right behind a bus stop. There were a few people seated with their backs to us. There was one guy however that was facing us. He kept staring, maybe hoping for a peek. Eventually he went behind the timetable which was stuck on the bus stop booth. Realizing it was our chance, I turned around, pulled up both layers of my dress up till some of my ass cheeks were showing and slowly and seductively walked up the stairs. I made sure I stuck my ass out and James followed recording me. The aim was to get to the top of the stairs and shake my ass for the camera but when I got there I realized a guy was smoking a metre to my left. I quickly pulled my dress down and turned around, whispering to James that someone was there.
We walked back down, once again facing the bus stop. There were people seated there still but with their backs to us. There were people on the other side of the road but we weren't sure if they could see us. I was paranoid and thought they could but James kept saying that it didn't matter. I stood on the stairs, posed and lifted up my dress and exposed my pussy. Once again I held that pose till James had taken the pictures he wanted. It felt incredible to be exposed, but at the same time I was so scared someone would see. If it was an upskirt, it would be 'accidental' but this was clear that I was flashing my pussy. Next I turned around and flashed James my ass. I'm sure people on the other side of the street saw but I just kept walking up the stairs.
We went further up the stairs and I decided to give James more of a show. I stopped at the top, lifted my dress all the way up, bent over and shook my ass for him. I held that pose as he snapped a few pictures, telling me how badly he wanted to spank my ass.
I walked back down and decided to let James take another video. This time however I looked over to my right and made eye contact with a guy as he walked along the footpath. My dress was halfway up my ass and James was recording. I froze for a second, but then kept walking but slowly moved my body to the side to hide my exposed ass. He walked past but kept his eyes locked my way. I stopped at the top of the stairs breathless. I had been totally caught! Up till now I hadn't made clear eye contact with anyone that had seen me flashing. While I almost shaking, it felt exhilarating knowing I had been caught.
A bus stopped at the bus stop so we moved to our right. There were a number of seats along the path so I decided to have some fun. I sat down and crossed my legs, waiting for an older man to walk past. As I did James knelt down and told me to hold the pose. My legs were exposed all the way up to my hips.
"That's so sexy babe," James said as he took a few pictures. There were people in the distance but no one too close so James managed to convince me to pretend to look in my bag and bent over. I did and he knelt behind me, snapping away at my ass exposed. I was aware of people walking around behind me but it was dark and I just hoped they couldn't really tell what we were doing. Either way at the moment it looked 'accidental'...just some girl who hadn't realized her dress had ridden up and her cheeks were exposed.
There were railings on the other side looking onto the park. James instructed me to lean against them and pretend to be on my phone so he could get more upskirt shots. I was very reluctant because now my ass would be exposed to the busy street below us. We were higher up so I could see people at the bus stop, people walking along the footpath and diners on the opposite side. Terrified as I was, the thought of so many people catching a glimpse made me horny.
Something came over me and I bent over and pretended to look busy on my phone. After a few snaps of James's phone, I pulled my dress higher. I posed seductively, making sure to stick my ass out as far as I could to make my dress ride up.
"Spread your legs baby."
I did as I was told. Nervous but wet. my dress had ridden up to just below my waist and I was sure my ass and pussy were on show. I couldn't believe what I was doing...but I wanted to do more! I made sure I bent more, feeling my dress ride up and feeling the cool wind on my ass and pussy.
We moved back to the bench and I sat down and decided to tease James. My skirt had ridden all the way up to my waist now so my ass and pussy were on show. I sat down and planted my feet apart but put my knees together. You could see I wasn't wearing panties but my pussy was hidden. James knelt in front of me and snapped away.
"Oh baby, that looks so sexy. Tease me babe."
I moved my legs apart seductively but made sure to keep my pussy hidden. I leant forward, pushing my cleavage out, legs spread but hand out in front of my pussy. James loved this pose as it was so obvious I was pantyless, but my pussy was hidden and it was such a tease. I'd seen other girls do the same pose so I thought I'd try it and it definitely worked. I had James so worked up that he wanted to see my pussy. I teased him a little more before moving to the edge of the seat and spreading wide, giving him a clear view of my shaved pussy. All this time I was aware of people walking around the park but I didn't care.
An old man was coming along the path so we got up and waited till he walked past. Deciding to head on home James instructed he wanted another video. This time he instructed me to go one step further and walk with my dress pulled up above my waist. I was so horny and really into it so I didn't even object. There were people at the bus stop to my right, people walking along the footpath and people on the other side of the road but I didn't care. As soon as the man had passed us, I got up and lifted my dress up. I was now totally exposed, my ass and pussy. I walked slowly and seductively for about 20-25 seconds. It felt like an eternity but it also felt amazing. I loved the feeling of being so exposed...the possibility of being seen. I was terrified but so turned on. I stopped and shook my ass for James, bending over and giving him one last good look before pulling my dress down.
There were stairs going down towards the station. While the stairway was well lit, there were no cameras around and it was shielded on the sides. I stopped halfway and lifted my skirt up, exposed my ass and bent at the waist. I knew James loved when I posed like this and I held that pose. I could hear people but I didn't know if they were coming near. I was shaking but kept the pose till James had taken a few pictures. Suddenly I saw a few people in front of me. I straightened up and pulled my dress down and quickly walked down the stairs and to the station.
The train wasn't packed but there was a lady sitting at the ideal location to do some flashing. We took a seat to her right at the very end of the train carriage. As soon as she finally left as Asian family sat down in front of us. It would have been alright if they had their backs to us but two of them were facing us, two had their backs to us. To make matters worse, a man came and sat one seat in front and to our left. He positioned himself slightly to the side so he could see us through his peripheral vision. If he turned a little to his right he had a clear view of us.
James was really hoping to touch me...he would have happily licked my pussy the whole way home but we weren't in a position to do so. Usually I'd never try to flash with people so close to me but I felt adventurous today. I sat with my back to the Asian family. If the man to our left turned to his right, he'd see James and only my legs.
I spread my legs and opened up my coat and flashed James my pussy.
"Let me take a video babe. Pretend like you're teasing me."
I loved the thought of teasing him, and the thought of people so close by made it more exciting. I started off with my legs crossed but slowly uncrossed them and spread them ever so slightly. My dress was at my waist again so the skin just above my pussy was showing, but my pussy was hidden. I 'pretended' to pull my dress down a little (but it didn't really go down, it was too high at this time) and crossed my legs again. I uncrossed them but spread my legs a little more, giving James and the camera a flash of pussy. Once again I tried adjusting my dress and crossed my legs. Next I uncrossed them and spread much wider now. James was loving the show and motioned for me to spread really wide. I was cautious of the guy to my right who kept looking my way. I think he knew what we were doing but I was loving teasing for the camera. I spread my legs wide and moved to the edge of the seat so my pussy was on full display. James motioned for me to spread my pussy lips open. I moved my fingers toward my pussy and spread my lips. That touch sent shivers through me. Whenever I spread my lips like this its usually for James to have better access to my clit as he's orally devouring me. I wanted him on his knees licking and sucking my clit so bad but I loved knowing he was getting hard. I made sure he had me spreading my lips on video before covering up with my coat and moving back to the seat next to him.
I think this was the most excitement I've had flashing yet. I felt incredibly sexy walking along the busy streets with so much showing. There were a few girls dressed in short skirts but nothing as see through or revealing as me. While it was really scary, it was also very exciting. I cant wait till summer when it'll be warmer. It'll be the best time for me to wear this dress on a Saturday night when more people are dressed up for a night out. I still think I'll be one of the few girls dressed so slutty but that's what makes it so fun!
We'd love to hear feedback so feel free to send us an email. If you'd like us to post more we'd be more than happy to. We'd also love to hear from couples and females who love this sort of stuff.