I need to explain this one, please. It's one of the first stories I ever started writing and I've held onto it for some time now. You will likely be able to tell, even though I have edited it several times. Frankly, I should seek editors, anyway.
Part II is finished. I'll touch it up and edit it if enough interest is shown. As this was one of the first stories I started working on when I picked up this hobby, I probably lifted elements of it for other stories I previously published. Once again, if you're into big boobs, silly scenarios and absurd fantasy, this might be up your alley. Cheers!
*****
The Charity Fundraiser - Part I
Charity Blossom had heard of Alpha Beta Alpha's notorious fundraiser, but always assumed it was myth, or the legends of it were simply inflated. She knew the fraternity sexed up their fundraiser by getting their sister sorority members to dress in skimpy outfits and whatnot, but it wasn't until now that Charity understood just what it was all about.
Breston University had four fraternities, in fact, and every year each house competed in a Halloween fundraising event. Guests would pay at the door for an opportunity to tour the fraternity houses, which were all decked out in theme for the holiday. Several fraternity members acted as ghosts, serial killers and monsters, in attempts to scare the guests. It was all in good fun to pay $20 to tour a home, but Charity knew a lot of students couldn't afford to see every fraternity on the block on the one-night event. With extra paid special events at each fraternity offering games such as bobbing for apples, psychic readings and kissing booths, competition was fierce to draw the biggest crowds.
The fraternities also competed heavily for the title of Biggest Donation, as the one who earned the most in fundraising dollars - which all went to Children's Hospital - got to be named the "Fraternity Kings" for the rest of the school year. This winning fraternity would enjoy special parking privileges on campus and free steak dinners every month for the rest of the year.
About a decade or so ago, Lambda Lambda was the first to "sex" up their program a bit, hoping to draw more attendees and hence, the most fundraising dollars. Their sister sorority dressed as sexy vampires with low-cut tops, short skirts and dark hose. Their ploy worked to perfection, as they ended up drawing nearly three times as much money as any other fraternity.
As the years progressed and each fraternity began employing similar methods of winning crowds, the Alpha Beta Alpha fraternity became the most infamous. Rumors had circled the campus suggesting they had their sorority girls go naked or body painted, and that instead of a kissing booth, they had a fondling booth where men would go into a dark room and fondle a girl for several minutes. Charity couldn't imagine how that was legal, but apparently, Alpha Beta Alpha got away with it for years now. The reason she knew this for a fact was because her suite-mate, Richard Bulge, was asking her to participate in this year's event.
Richard, also a junior at Breston like Charity, had only joined the ABA fraternity this very year. He wasn't yet allowed to stay in the fraternity home, but he wanted to and Charity knew this. He had mentioned it several times, boasting about their wild parties. However, after nearly three years of being his suite-mate at the coed dorm, Charity also had to admit she would miss Richard if he ever left. He was always respectful to her, and helped her when she needed help with her homework or moving things around in her dorm.
"Charity, you'd be doing me a huge favor," said Richard. "If I could be your sponsor, it would fast-track my way to getting seniority privileges."
"You're saying the fraternity doesn't currently have enough girls to work the fundraiser and you want me to help? I thought only the girls from your sister sorority could help, by contest rules."
"Oh no, not at all," said Richard. "The sorority girls and fraternity guys are perfectly allowed to invite guests. We would just pair you up with a sponsor. And look, you get paid. It's $500 for all of six hours of work."
"Six hours of me, what, just standing at the door taking people's money in my birthday suit?"
"Oh no, Charity, you don't get it. No one ever actually sees any of the girls naked. The ones that work the event, in the public eye, wear pasties and panties and dress up as sexy witches and sirens and other monsters and whatnot. We stole that from Lambda, of course, just made it sexier."
"Well, I don't have an outfit I could wear like that," said Charity. "I wouldn't be comfortable dressed like that, anyway. I'd look like a bimbo. You don't exactly understand what I look like under these clothes."
Charity was right. Richard had never seen her naked or even half-dressed, even though they had a common door. She always dressed conservatively, but that didn't mean Richard didn't appreciate her figure. With jugs the size of watermelons, Charity was a legend on campus, and even more so to Richard himself, who had a penchant for women with large breasts. Charity's small, yet firm ass, with hips that were far too narrow to normally support such a large upper torso, simply drove Richard mad with lust, yet he always managed to maintain his composure around Charity. After all, she was his suite-mate and she had passed on his simple flirtatious actions, which she caught very early on in their relationship. Richard respected her wishes like a gentleman, yet he had to admit that her lovely shape made any man take notice of her. Richard found himself masturbating to her image in his mind on several occasions.
Charity, on the other hand, may have liked her body if she looked more like one of those blonde, heavy-breasted bimbos of the Playboy magazines. However, Charity's breasts were much more sizeable up top than even what was possibly considered "too big" for the likes of the pages of Playboy. Also, unlike the models that graced those pages, with their perky little nipples, Charity had huge areolas that encompassed perhaps a third of the heavy mounds of flesh that made up her breasts. The breasts themselves were teardrop in shape, yet Charity's nipples managed to stay on the northern end of things, signs of a healthy youth. The ends of her nipples poked out at least a couple inches, very puffy, even in a non-excited state, and were almost an inch in circumference. They were freakishly huge compared to any model Charity had ever seen. This is why she always made sure to wear thick tops and dressed so conservatively. Charity wasn't comfortable with the idea of ever being seen naked.
Charity also realized that strangers were unaware of her naked shame. She was often asked out on dates, but due to her humility she would decline. She insisted she needed to focus on school and used that excuse frequently. Charity would have liked to have an intimate relationship with a man - hell, the thought had crossed her mind with Richard - but she was just too embarrassed about her body image.
"I don't want you in a skimpy outfit," said Richard.
"Oh... well, if I can dress normal, I suppose I can help in any way possible," said Charity.
"No, that's not exactly what I meant. We need someone to work the fondling booth and well, I said I knew someone." Charity followed Richard's eyes to her bosom.
"Oh, no way," said Charity, "I couldn't be naked in front of anyone! And you just said no one is!"
"I said no one is ever SEEN naked. I didn't mean anything else. This fondling booth is like a kissing booth. A student goes into a kissing booth and has no idea who is behind the curtain. He gets to kiss whomever is there. In this case, not only is the girl working the booth behind the curtain unknown to the participants, she's also hidden behind a wall. There is a cutout for, well, let's just get to the point... the tits. She just sticks her tits through a wall, that's it! The guys cop a feel for a minute and then go on their way. It's all in good fun and it's one of the most popular events of the evening."
"Oh my god," said Charity. "And the girls don't mind doing this?"
"None so far. Last year it was Stephanie Woods who did it, that girl who was in your photography class."
"No way!" Stephanie had such a lithe, little body.
"Yeah, and she was a favorite, but this year, the guys promised we would find a girl with... uh... larger assets. We know it will be a huge hit!"
"Yeah, I bet," said Charity, sarcastically.
"Please do it, Charity. I promise to help you study for every exam for the rest of the year."
"That's just it," said Charity. "I like you here! I really don't want to see you move out and if that's what you get out of this, I honestly don't want to do it."
"Oh, I didn't even think of that," said Richard. "That's very flattering. Well, how about this? I won't move out, but if there's a party at the frat house, I'll at least have a room available. That's all I really wanted, anyway."
Now Richard was taking away Charity's objections to helping him. She decided to cut to the chase.
"Richard, I don't ever dress provocatively, because I am kind of embarrassed about people seeing me naked. I don't think you can understand unless you saw for yourself, but that's the thing, I would never let you!"
"Charity, no one is going to see you. You will be behind a partition. All you have to do is put your breasts through a hole in the wall. You'll be all alone on this side of the enclosed tent and there is no light in the tent, people will see nothing. People only feel the merchandise. That's the sport of it!"
Charity was wondering if she had the confidence to do such a thing.
"So no one will see me naked, or even actually see my tits?" asked Charity.
"Correct," said Richard. Of course, he kept the facts that some people had flashlights on cell phones they always carried around with them. He was sure some people would take a peek, but he didn't mention it for fear of having her cower out. "They won't know who you are. I promise only a select few know it's even a friend of mine. Unless, of course, you don't care, like Stephanie. Hell, she told everyone. She even told me personally the thought of people she disliked fondling her, and her not knowing it, turned her on. That Stephanie is quite the kinky one!"
"She's nothing like me, I assure you," said Charity, flatly.
"Promise, no one will know it's you, but word will get out that a chick with big tits is working the booth. And that's the point, because it will draw a large crowd."
"I don't know...," said Charity.
"Five hundred bucks, Charity! Please!"
"That's almost a hundred an hour," said Charity, and money she could use, she thought. "Fine. I'll do it. If you promise no one will ever know it's me."
"Hah! If you really wanted the big bucks, you should work the blowjob booth, but that position is already taken."
"What?! A blowjob booth?!" exclaimed Charity. "That's utterly pornographic! You're joking!"
"We're a not for profit charity, girl. It's not prostitution, so it's not illegal at all. Shayla Spensor did it the first year we introduced it, I'm surprised you didn't know about that, too."
"The girl who graduated last year and immediately got a lead anchor spot at Fox 19?" asked Charity.
"The one and only. Yeah, and every year since, we've had an anonymous girl willing to do it. It pays two thousand dollars! We always get volunteers, but we never give away their identity, unless they're okay with it. Shayla was the only one. All the girls who work these booths are treated the same. Complete discretion."
"How on earth do you make any money paying a girl that much?" ask Charity, befuddled.
"Oh, it's $100 a pop for a two-minute blowjob. His cock must be hard enough to wrap in a condom before he puts it in the girl's mouth. Two minutes in the booth and they're out. Even if they haven't gotten off in that time, they have to leave."
"Why, that's 30 guys an hour!"
"Right," said Richard. "$3,000 an hour gross, so the first hour's contributions go to pay the girl working the booth. We pay well, but the girl has to agree to work the whole shift."
"That just seems like it skirts prostitution laws," said Charity.
"Well, I guess it doesn't. We haven't gotten in trouble yet, and cops stroll the campus during the whole event. We also have cock readings, instead of palm readings, and bobbing for boobies, rather than apples."
"Bobbing for boobies?"
"Yeah, girls lay down in a tub of jello, naked of course. But again, all the guys are blindfolded for this, so they see nothing. Two go in at a time, with two girls in separate tubs. The men have to bob around with their mouths until they latch onto a nipple. Biting is automatic disqualification! It's hilarious and fun, I've heard."
Charity was just stunned such sexualized games could be allowed on campus, yet she was grateful she wasn't asked to suck any cocks. That would have been a definite no! She would definitely not have done the "cock readings" either. She pictured it in her head. Instead of guys extending their palms to have read by some sexy sorority girl in a skimpy gypsy outfit, the boys would flop their dicks out to be stroked, while the actress did her "reading" - which Charity knew was always the same from one person to the next, like in most palm readings at these fundraisers. It was scripted. Charity whipped the thoughts from her head and focused back on the matter at hand.
"OK, fine. Like I said, if you say no one will see me naked, I will do it." She couldn't believe the words coming out of her mouth. On the other hand, the thought of having any physical kind of touch slightly turned her on, as it had never happened in her 21 years. She had never allowed it, but this seemed to spark something in her; a way to get to experience something sexual in nature, without worrying about her shame. No one would know who she was, and no one would even really see her tits. They would certainly be surprised by the size of them, feeling them up, but she didn't think anyone would run away from revulsion like they probably would if they actually saw them. She had monstrous size areolas and nipples. Very abnormal, even by extreme standards. The very end of her nipples were puffy and had an inflated appearance. The nipple itself was nearly two inches around and an inch long, and her large areolas covered more than a third of the flesh of her breasts, which were themselves massive in scale.
"Great, you'll get paid after the event. It works like all the other booths. Participants have two minutes max in your booth. A timer goes off every two minutes and the next person comes in. From what I understand, it's very well organized. Girls at the door keep things running smoothly."
Two days later, Charity found herself meeting up with Richard outside the fraternity's front door,
"Hi, Charity. You ready?"
"I guess."
"The booth is in the back yard, with all the others."
Out front, spooky skeletons, fake webbing, motion-detected noisemakers going off, the fraternity was certainly dressed up to be a haunted house. But she couldn't believe what the sorority sisters were wearing. Practically nothing! Just cute red panties and pasties over nipples. The rest of their outfits differed from one another, with several girls in witches' hats, some dressed as vampires and one girl dressed as the Bride of Frankenstein, with her hair spooled up high over her head. Her skin was painted to be pale, with tiny white pasties over her nipples.
Richard walked Charity to her booth and helped settle her in.
"It'll get dark within 30 minutes, but no one arrives until 8, an hour from now. Whenever you're ready, just slip into the booth and do your thing."
Richard toured the inside of the booth to Charity, with enough outside light to see how things were arranged. A dividing wall split the tent in half. Men came through the front right entrance and out through the one on the left side. Large holes were cut out of a large piece of particle board in the center of the dividing wall. It was obvious the ones responsible for cutting the holes were told to make them extra big, yet Charity still wondered if her heaping flesh would struggle to fit through. She was anxious to find out.
"You're going to earn a lot of money for Children's Hospital tonight, Charity. I really appreciate this."
"Oh, you're welcome," said Charity. "Look, while no ones around I am going to go ahead and stay in the tent. I don't want anyone to see me come in and it be obvious who worked the booth."
"I understand. Kathy and Sarah should be around soon to work the ticket sales and manage the flow of traffic. They're both big up top, too. Not like you, though, and they're wearing huge nipple tape and sexy police uniform skirts. Drafted on their tits in black ink were the words, 'Come cop a feel on tits bigger than mine.' It's absolutely hilarious and they're such good sports for agreeing to wear those."
"You're kidding, right?"
"Not at all! They each get $200 bucks for their efforts, too. You're the big cheese-maker at this booth, though."
Charity thought how $500 would really help over the coming month. "I am absolutely astounded you boys don't get arrested every year," she said.
"Pfft!" said Richard. "Get in your tent. The fun begins in less than hour."
With it getting darker outside, Charity could barely see inside the tent and she was beginning to get nervous. She worked up her nerve by slowly taking off her jacket and unfastening her bra under her shirt. She dropped the two items on a chair that had been left in the tent for her. Next to it, were two bottles of water. She'd have to feel for them later, should she need them, because she could tell it was getting dark outside. She could barely see in the tent now. This gave her the confidence to pull her shirt over her head and drop it in the pile, too. Now, she was completely topless.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," said Charity, out loud, yet to herself.
She walked up to the wall and lifted her tits to squeeze them through. There was just enough room to fit everything in, although it was tight. Charity giggled to herself. Now the idea of guys feeling around in the air, completely blinded by any lack of light while they searched for her bare tits, already began to get Charity wet between her legs... quite to her surprise.
Two waist-high handles were attached on opposite sides of where she was standing. This allowed her to hold on and push her chest firmly forward against the particle-board divider. "That was nice of them to think of these," she thought.
Charity pulled back out of the wall and paced the room for a few minutes more. 'I'm really going to do this,' she thought. 'This is so going in my diary.'
Then another thought occurred to her. Since no one would see her behind the partition, she could be entirely naked. It would be the first time she would be that close to a man, completely naked, in her lifetime. The thought aroused her very much and her panties, getting wetter, were bearing the punishment of it.
"Oh, fuck it, I'm going to ruin these things if I keep them on all night, anyway" said Charity under her breath. She quickly stripped out of the panties, before deciding to go all the way. She removed her long skirt as well, placing both articles on top of the rest of her clothes, leaving her only in her 2" pumps. She figured she needed to keep them on for comfort.
Ten minutes later, Charity heard rustling outside the tent and she could have sworn someone walked in.
"Hey, are you in there!" asked a soft voice, coming from the opposite side of the divider.
"Oh yes, you must be Kathy or Sarah," said Charity. She tried to peek through the hole in the divider, but it was too dark to see anything.
"Sarah," said the girl. "Oh my, this is going to be so much fun. When we showed up and walked past the line outside, all the guys just went crazy over how we're promoting this booth."
"I bet!" said Charity
"I was told you wouldn't disappoint!" said Sarah. "I wanted to be in your shoes, but apparently, you have the biggest assets." She giggled as she said it.
"I don't know if it's anything to boast about," said Charity. "I wish I could see what you're wearing, though. I heard about it."
"Oh, maybe we can meet up after and I'll show you."
Charity wasn't sure she liked the idea of anyone seeing her face after this. "Uh.., okay. Maybe," her voice trailed off.
"You better get ready. They'll be storming in soon." Sarah dashed out of the tent, leaving Charity to think about it one more time. She took a deep breath and stretched her back out. "Okay, here goes," she said, before positioning her tits through the holes again.
Charity nervously positioned herself against the wall until she heard a buzzer go off. Within one second, she heard a male voice scream, "Hell, yeah!" as he pushed himself into the tent.
"I can't believe I get to go first," Charity heard him say. "But I can't see a goddamned thing!" Charity heard some more rustling and then saw the faint hint of light peeking through the opposite side of the petition
"Hey, no lights allowed!" screamed Charity, mortified someone was actually seeing her tits, but she was too embarrassed to pull back from the partition. If she did, the man on the other side might shine his light into her side of the room and catch a glimpse of her, in all her total nudity. Charity was now mortified at what she was going through.
"They didn't say anything about no lights. My god, your tits are amazing!"
Charity was shocked to hear such words.
"You really are special, girl! I can't believe I get to grope these."
Charity felt a strong hand grab her left breast, holding it firmly, cupping it, squeezing the flesh and brushing against her huge nipple with his palm.
"Goddamn, can I squeeze your nipples?"
Charity didn't know how to respond, so she didn't at all, and a second later she felt him slightly tugging on her thick nipples. It instantly soaked her pussy and she struggled to withhold a groan. A moment later, she noticed the light turn off and now, both hands cupped and rubbed her breasts. A firm wet object, the man's tongue, thought Charity, slid up against her right nipple, and she felt it taken entirely into his mouth. He sucked hard and a tingling shockwave shot down her spine, hitting her wet pussy yet again.
Charity wanted to protest, but discovered she was too horny to make herself do so. This continued for a minute, the man switching from nipple to nipple, guzzling away, when the buzzer went off again. Charity heard a commotion outside the tent.
"Get out! Next one in!" It must have been Kathy, as Charity did not recognize the voice.
Without hesitation, the man got up, leaving Charity's breasts unmolested if only for a moment. Each man seemed to repeat what the first man did, inappropriately licking and sucking her tits, when only fondling was supposed to be allowed. After the fifth buzzer went off, Charity did not think she could take the abuse any longer, so she hollered at Kathy who had been leading the men into the tent at each buzzer.
"Uh, can you please tell them groping only?" shouted Charity. "These guys are sucking my tits!"
"Oh, my god, what a great idea!" the girl yelled back through the partition. "We'll charge double if they want to suck your tits!"
"That's not what I said. I meant they need to stop altogether."
"Oh, that's too bad," said Kathy. "I can see your jugs with my flashlight. They absolutely need to be licked! Hey, before I let the next guy in, do you mind?"
Charity didn't understand where this was going, until she felt soft, wet lips on the tip of her right nipple. The girl slowly took all of it in her mouth and began to suckle the nipple firmly, yet gently at the same time. It felt better than any man who had done it thus far, and Charity found herself gripping the bars and clenching her legs, getting worked up more than she had ever experienced. It was new to her and she was offended, yet didn't want it to end.
The girl stopped licking for a moment. "Please. Will you do it? We could make more money."
"Yes, yes!" said Charity. "If that means we could possibly earn more than most of the other tents tonight, that would be great."
In reality, at this point, Charity didn't really care what they earned. She was hoping she might be able to quietly orgasm a time or two while more folks sucked on her nipples. Perhaps she would rub herself. 'Who would know?' she thought, as she remained submerged in the darkness of the tent behind the partition that separated her, and the people sucking and fondling her.
The next man came in and Kathy reset the buzzer. Within half a minute, strange lips were once again sucking on her tits and nipples. Charity began to rub her clit with her right hand, while holding the opposite handle and thrusting her chest hard against the partition, allowing her tits to stay fully exposed on the opposite side of the tent. Occasionally, she felt soft lips on her breasts and she knew it was likely a woman on the other side. For some reason, that got Charity even more worked up and she found herself easily experiencing a climax. She wasn't sure she'd been able to hide it from the girl sucking her tits, as she moaned considerably, but whomever was sucking her nipples didn't seem to mind.
An hour later, after Charity's third orgasm, she heard someone scuffling in through the rear door flap of the tent. Charity was shocked, but it being pitch dark, at least comforted in knowing whoever it was couldn't see she had stripped completely naked.
"Hey, you doing alright in here?" It was Richard's voice.
Charity moved her right hand back on the handle, and pushed forward into the wall, her ass extended in Richard's direction. There was a guy on the opposite side quietly chewing away at her tits. She could feel the man's teeth, but he was being gentle, for the most part.
"Richard, I didn't expect you here. Please don't turn on a flashlight or anything, okay?" She was grateful it was pitch dark in the tent
"I just came in to make sure you were doing okay. Some people outside said they heard you groaning and they were wondering if you were uncomfortable having to stand all night, perhaps in an awkward position.
"Oh, no, Richard. It's fine. These handles make it easy. I was uh.. just .. well, getting used to it, I guess."
"Oh, okay. No problem. Hey, do you mind if I go through? I think it would be a hoot!"
"Hey! We're suitemates. That's crossing a line, isn't it?"
"Oh, come on. It's for charity. The girls have increased the price to $300 for anything goes."
"What?" exclaimed Charity. "Just to suck my tits! Maybe I should get paid more then $500 for tonight!"
"You already agreed, Charity. We're just doing our best to collect the most donations."
"Fine," said Charity. "To suck my breasts, I guess that's a good price."
"Oh, no. I said anything goes."
Just then Charity felt a hot, hard, oblong object push against her left breast. Though it had never happened to her before, she was instantly aware a penis was being positioned between her tits. Some guy must have brought in a stepping stool or something to get that high off the ground. She then felt the man's hands squeeze her breasts against his manhood and began using her tits to rub it up and down.
"Oh, Richard! I cannot allow this!" screamed Charity, yet she still didn't pull away from her position, allowing the stranger on the other side to continue fucking her tits. She was scared turning around would trigger Richard to turn on his flashlight and she couldn't risk that.
"I can go tell the girls to take it back to just sucking your breasts only, no problem."
Charity heard Richard turning around to leave and she called out to him. "No, no. It's okay. Just... whatever. Hell, you have a girl here willing to stuff a cock in her mouth every two minutes, I think I can manage the occasional dick rubbing against a boob."
Charity never would have imagined someone tit-fucking her so much as a week ago, much less while she chatted with a friend. To some extent, she got to play the role of a horny, little slut. Something she'd never had the courage or inclination to do, yet here she was, doing it without any repercussions or stigmatism attached to the behavior, due to the anonymity. She found it very stimulating.
"Oh, thank you, Charity. I'll see if I can skip forward in line and be next."
"What? But I never said you could go through."
"Oh, you really don't want me to, then?"
"Well, come on. This is kind of abhorrent behavior I'm involved in here. I'm doing it for the charity only. I would never normally behave like such a slut and I don't want you to think of me as one."
"Charity, you know I would never think of you that way. I just thought it would be in good fun. We've known each other three years now. I would never expect anything out of you."
Charity felt a little guilty. The buzzer sounded and she felt the hot cock pull out from between her tits. Another man walked in shortly thereafter, reaching out until he stumbled across her mounds. He began rubbing them, making shapes of them.
Richard continued, "Okay, I won't go through if you don't want me to."
"No, it's fine. You go. I understand it would indeed be a lot of fun for you, but promise me something."
"What's that?"
"You will not take pictures or use any flashlight. Just find my tits and play away, but that's it. And one other thing. Don't be next in line. Be somewhere random. I don't want to know it's you. That would be a bit weird for me, I think."
"OK, I get it."
"But do have fun. I give you my permission."
"Oh, you're a doll," said Richard, his voice a bit higher pitched in nature, showing his excitement. He rushed out of the tent and Charity went back to just enjoying the man in front of her. He had began circling her nipples with his tongue and it tingled throughout her body. Charity was somewhat excited about the thought of her bare ass being completely exposed to Richard, even if there had been no light in the tent. She began to fantasize what it would be like if he had seen her standing there stark naked. He wouldn't have seen her unusual breasts, just the rest of her body and by any standard, her figure was quite hot. It was just her breasts that were so abnormally overgrown for the rest of her dimensions. It would have been kind of exciting to have seen Richard gawking at her tight ass, thin waist and narrow hips, Charity thought. He probably wouldn't have the seen the tiny landing strip from his angle, either, but he would have seen everything else. Charity got wetter thinking about it and began rubbing her pussy once again, this time with her left hand.
'Damn it,' she thought, 'I should have let him turn on the flashlight.'
Just then the buzzer rang and another man walked in and Mr. Super Tongue left. The new guy stumbled around for a few seconds before hitting her left breast with one his outstretched palms. He immediately grabbed hold, firmly putting both hands around her left breast, taking a second to find her nipple with his tongue. When he hit home, he wrapped his lips around the entire nipple and sucked hard. It was such an incredible sensation to Charity.
This continued for twenty seconds or so and Charity heard a zipper being pulled down. A moment later, a massive cock thudded against her right breast. She could feel its heavy weight against her flesh, and it covered so much surface area that it had to have been very thick. The cock was now firmly between her tits.
'Oh, fuck,' thought Charity. 'This is going to be so hot. I wish Richard had gone first, after all, and then I would know this was his cock. My god, I think our relationship might end up changing if that was the case.' Charity had never considered herself a size queen before, but that was because she avoided thinking about sex altogether. Now, with a huge cock pressing against her flesh, she felt like such a slut and it made her incredibly wet.
Christy brushed her thoughts away, as she knew this couldn't be Richard. Thinking about something like that just got her distracted. Anyway, she thought again, even if she would have had a suitemate with a deliciously large and healthy cock, she wasn't sure she'd still have the guts to go naked in front of that kind of a hunk, no matter how badly she might want to play with him. After thinking it through, she was glad this wasn't Richard, after all. She wouldn't be tempted with the thought.
The cock was now fully between her tits, which the stranger pushed together firmly like the man before him. He bobbed her tits and down on his long shaft, Charity hoped he didn't notice she was going to town on her pussy, getting very close to orgasm again. All his movement surely disguised hers, she thought.
But just as Charity was about to cum, she felt hot liquid spray all over the top of her tits. The man pulled back and she could feel him leaning in, pushing the tip of his cock against her right tit. Hot liquid poured out and she felt it roll down her areola, down to the tip of her nipple. This man just came on her!
Charity wanted to be so offended, but instead found herself cumming hard, so hard she struggled to keep standing.
"Oh, shit!" said the voice behind the wall, and Charity instantly recognized it. It was Richard, after all!
"Hey, you promised you wouldn't be next," hollered Charity.
"I am so sorry, I did not mean to do that!" said Richard. "I just got too excited. Let me get this off you."
Charity didn't know what to say, but she felt him licking his evidence up. For some reason, it drove Charity to the limits of sexual excitement and she found herself experiencing another strong wave, climaxing at least twice more while her suitemate went to work on her tits.
Charity's brain was on overload, realizing she had just been tit-fucked by Richard, and she really did feel like such a slut! Yet she loved it!
"There, I think I got it all," said Richard. The buzzer was due to go off any second, Charity thought, and she was still a bit too nervous to vocalize anything after the awkward event with Richard.
"I hope you're not mad at me," said Richard, knowing she could hear him. Charity was still in shock and kept quiet, hoping the buzzer would just go off already, and he would leave. She didn't want to think about this right now. She was so horny in front her friend and now she was positive it would be brought up in a future conservation. She wasn't sure what she could make of that at the moment.
Yet the buzzer didn't go off, as she heard Richard putting his clothes back on. Sarah pulled back from the wall for a bit of break.
"I mean it. Please tell me you're okay," said Richard, whispering loud enough for Charity to hear him behind the partition. "I don't want to feel like a freak to you."
"Freak to me?" said Charity, finally speaking. "Oh please. I.. I.. well, I am a little uncomfortable, even though I guess I shouldn't be. I did, after all, tell you to enjoy yourself."
Charity noticed a light go off in the opposite room and screamed out, "Oh, no, please! Don't point that thing at me!"
"Really, after all that, you're afraid of me seeing you naked?"
"Well, of course!" said Charity. "You wouldn't understand."
"OK, I will respect your wishes, but I want to tell you something." He kept the light on, but on his side of the room, pointed away from the hole dividing them. Charity could just barely see the light and a bit of his side of the tent from her angle, but nothing more. She was confidently hidden from his view. She thought, once again, it was kind of hot to be in the presence of someone completely naked.
"What do you want to tell me?" asked Charity.
"I absolutely love huge breasts. I always have. I'm a breast man. I want a girl with enormous tits to be my girl. Gigantic nipples and giant areolas. The more the better. I know that probably sounds weird to you, but it's why I so badly wanted to play with your breasts. I wish I could see them. I know your nipples are big and they taste amazing, but I still am not sure what they look like."
Charity was speechless listening to all this, Richard being so candid.
"I would like to know their color, to see the whole shape and size of your breasts. I suppose it is wrong of me to say all this, Charity, but you've been a fantasy in my head for a long time."
"Why hasn't that damn buzzer gone off already?" asked Charity. "You're embarrassing me!"
"I don't mean to. I am sorry. I will go ahead and leave. Oh, and the reason the buzzer hasn't gone off is because I paid an extra $500 for a triple session."
"You mean you have six minutes available here?"
"I'll leave and let them keep all the money, no worries. Sorry, I didn't last long."
Charity thought she didn't either, ironically.
"Charity, it really was a great experience. I am sorry I gave myself away and I am sorry I came on you. I never thought I would have done it, but I should have known better. I have fantasized about you for far too long. I can understand if you want me to not be your suitemate anymore. It's one of the reasons I've considered moving would be a good thing for me."
"Don't say that," said Charity. "And don't go. Come closer."
Charity could only see the movement of the light in Richard's hand from his smart phone flashlight app, but she could tell he was coming forward, towards the hole in the wall.
"Promise you won't laugh," said Charity.
"Of course not," said Richard. "Laugh at what exactly?"
"Point your light in here. Get a good look. I want you to see me, but I can't blame you if it isn't as appealing as you fantasized."
The light moved up and soon shone through the hole. Charity was blinded to Richard's reaction with the light in her eyes, but she noticed the light didn't not turn away. It scoped all of her body out and now he could see belly, her landing strip, he thin legs... and of course, her gigantic breasts with her unnaturally large areola problem.
"Oh, fucking hell," Richard finally said. "It's better than I imagined. Charity... this... you're... amazing."
Charity was blushing and then it dawned on her that not a moment ago she was being tit-fucked by this man, with a very well-endowed and throbbing member.
"Oh, dear," said Charity.
"What?" asked Richard.
"I wish you still had that cock of yours out. I want to see it."
"Really?" Richard's voice got excited again.
In fact, the thought of it got Charity so horny, that even with the light still on her, she found herself rubbing her clit with one hand, while rubbing the underside of one of her breasts. Richard didn't point the light away at all.
"God, Charity. You are so hot. I love watching you fuck yourself."
"I feel like such a slut," pleaded Charity.
"It's okay. I would think it quite natural to have such emotions and thoughts in your position."
Charity ran two fingers across her clit and stroked against them, waving her hips. Her tits were fully exposed to Richard, and she so badly wanted to see his face, to see his reaction, but still... so horny being so exposed. She clenched the nipple on the end of her breast. It hardened even more.
"Charity, the buzzer will go off soon. Can we please do this again when we get home tonight? Would you be in the mood?"
Charity didn't hesitate to think. "Yes. Absolutely. I want to play with your cock." She moaned as she said it.
"The pleasure will be all mine," said Richard.
He continued to watch Charity fuck herself, witnessing her climax twice, before the buzzer rang.
"OK, back to work!" said Richard. "I can't wait to see you tonight."