My sexy blonde wife came downstairs, opening the lounge door, her spiked high heels clicked across our wooden floor as she strutted into the lounge.
"Fucking hell!" I blurted out.
She was wearing a tight shiny black clinging latex minidress with matching latex stockings and long latex black evening fingerless gloves . Her large full breasts were being hugged by the skintight latex as though they were painted with the shiny black material. Her waist was cinched in by the tightness of the garment which made her womanly hips and firm buttocks outrageously sexy. She really was sex on legs, and those legs were perched on top of a pair of 6 inch heeled black stilettos. Smiling at me she asked teasingly.
"What do you think of my outfit?" Running her hands all over her skintight clad curves.
"Awesome! Fucking Awesome!" I splurted excitedly.
"Do you think this will get me some black cock tonight?" She said with the most devilish grin emblazoned across her heavily made up face.
"Babe that will get you as much black cock as you can handle!" I answered truthfully.
"Well tonight that may be a lot as I'm so fucking horny!" she giggled with more than a hint of menace in her tone.
I knew when Brandi was in this kind of mood, then cock and lots of it was the only solution to dampening her ardour. From the moment we met Brandi and I have enjoyed an open relationship, but due to Brandi's erotic looks and choice of slut clothing, the openness of the relationship has been stacked more in her favour than mine. This is not an issue as I do enjoy watching my hot wife writhing beneath the body of some random guy as he slams his cock in and out of her pussy and ass, making Brandi come extremely vocally.
Her new fetish appears to be black guys. Due to the overload of internet porn showing interracial activity between blacks and blonde white women, the contrasting images have aroused Brandi's sensual desires, that she now feels compelled to enjoy the delights of black cock inside her. Brandi being the slut that she is, is no stranger to threesomes and gang bangs from some of the swinger parties we've attended and her record to date was to sexual service six guys who all took it in turn to push their cocks in her mouth, pussy and ass in rotation, so every hole was in use during her cockfest and every cock fucked every hole. She came so much that night, she fainted with sexual excitement twice, orgasmed endlessly and squirted so much I was fearing that she would be seriously dehydrated.
I pulled Brandi to me to kiss her soft lips and feel her outrageously sexy body draped in the skintight latex. My left hand went under the black latex minidress and found her waxed smooth pussy uncovered, which due to the tightness and shortness of the dress, would leave her smooth cunt in view with just the slightest movement. I was startled somewhat to find her so brazenly dressed, knowing full well we were heading to a club which a lot of black guys frequented, and that they would find her built for sex body and state of dress so slutty and available. Add to this that her hairless pussy was almost on display and no doubt would be, during the course of the evening, excited us both.
Brandi leant back against the wall, smiling shamelessly.
"If I part my legs just a little can you see my pussy?" she smiled coyly.
"Fuck sake Brandi you can see your shaved slit. Your clitoris is out of its hood already and is glistening away!" I explained.
Smiling she looked me in the eye and defiantly ran her long red nail up and down her bald slit, gently scratching her talon like nail softly over her aroused clitoris. A soft moan came from her mouth.
"I should attract plenty of hard black cock tonight then!" she giggled moving from the wall, walking past me to pick up her handbag off the sofa. Bending over to pick her bag up, she arched her back deliberately as the skintight dress stretched over her curvy ass and revealed her smooth hairless slit with just a hint of her puckered ring. This was going to be one hell of a night.
"Come on then, lets go and get your cheating slut wife some black cock!" she laughed heading out the front door.
I followed behind her, watching the second skin of latex cling to her sexy body as she walked down our drive, tottering on her high heels, with the latex stockings making a sexy swish sound. She opened the passenger door, winked at me and sexily slid in to the passenger seat of our car. She was on form tonight that was for sure and judging by her mood it would take a lot of cock to satisfy this horny slut tonight, and in her words it would need to be black cock!
The drive to the club was a voyeurs dream, as Brandi placed her high heeled feet on the dashboard, opening her latex stockinged legs and softly stoked her smooth pussy, swollen labia and teased her blood engorged clitoris. With her head thrown back she continued with her enticing display, softly moaning repeatedly.
"I need to be fucked by lots of black cock!"
It was almost impossible to keep attention on the road ahead with her own personal sex show in full swing. We overtook quite a few Lorries whose drivers got a sneak peak at my slut wife stroking her naked pussy. At one set of traffic lights the lorry driver looked into our car staring at my wife pleasure herself. The dirty slut looked directly at the driver, with one hand she scooped out her left breast with her nipple already rock hard, tweaking and twisting the erect flesh. Her other hand still on her pussy, she spread her fingers and her labia revealing her pink wet hole and plunged her finger inside her wet pussy, finger fucking her pussy for a few strokes, then taking her finger from her pussy, she placed it to her glossed lips with the finger saturated from her pussy juice. She began to lick the finger provocatively as we pulled away from the lights. Brandi giggled still stroking her pussy and said.
"That was fun!"
We were now only minutes away from the club and Brandi was still stroking her wet pussy, thinking of all the black cock she was hoping to be inside her. Judging by her mood, I decided to park in the multi storey car park just opposite the club. I chose a vacant corner space, fairly dark and private but with enough street light for visibility, in case Brandi needed to use the car to get fucked in. Switching off the engine, I turned to Brandi who was pinging her skintight latex dress back in to position. Checking her make up and hair in the vanity mirror, she unlocked the door and began to slide out.
"Hold on a second" I said jumping out of the driver and scurrying around to the passenger side, I needed to see this vixen egress the vehicle. Brandi's left latex covered leg was out of the car as she turned slightly, opening her legs wide, revealing her glass smooth hairless pussy. Her pussylips and clitoris were shining bright from her masturbating car show as she stood up from the car, her dress was still revealing a hint of her hairless crack. Pinging her dress down a little she smiled at me and said.
"In we go, I really need some big hard black cock inside me!" She smiled moving away from the car. I closed and locked the car and followed Brandi across the road to our club of choice. Brandi walked up to the door of the club, where four large black doormen stared at her sashaying toward them. Smiling at the doormen provocatively, one of the guys said.
"Good evening sexy lady. A lady as fine looking as you are will be paying no cover charge!"
Brandi smiled at him, walking over toward him, she placed her arms around his neck, pushing her body close to his and kissed his cheek and whispered into his ear
"Thank you!"
Her skintight dress rode up with her arms around his neck and the lower part of her firm naked buttocks were on display. The guy was so tall that Brandi was on her tip toes, which pushed her large latex covered breasts in to the chest of the doorman and revealed even more of her ass. The bouncer didn't realise I was with her and placed both of his huge black hands on her naked buttocks, smiling with delight when he discovered the naked ass. His black hands against her porcelain white skin was quite an erotic sight as his hands began to knead her naked ass, with the tip of his index finger worming its way between her naked cheeks. She removed her arms from his neck then turned toward me and said.
"This nice young man has waived the cover charge tonight. I'll have to thank him properly later!" She smiled as she gave his impressive trouser bulge a slow stroke. Her eyebrows raised when she felt the size and hardness of his cock. He looked over at me and winked picking up on the situation and said.
"I get a break in two hours, maybe you can thank me then!" he smiled removing his hands from my wife's ass. Brandi turned to me again, taking my hand she lead me inside the club as the driving bass sound vibrated through your feet and trembled your whole body. This must be driving Brandi crazy as her clitoris was unhooded and this driving beat would be making her clitoris throb right now.
All eyes were on Brandi and I could clearly see some of the black lounge lizards eyeing her up, smacking their lips at the latex clad white slut that had just walked in.
Brandi stood on the peripherals of the dance floor with her latex clad legs slightly apart. She was thrusting her ass and tits out, arching her back for maximum effect. I whispered into her ear that I was away to get the drinks and left her at her chosen location. The bar was packed and it took all of fifteen minutes to place my order and receive our drinks. I turned away from the bar with both our drinks in my hands and headed to Brandi's location. Surprise surprise one of the lounge lizards had my wife on the floor, grinding his crotch into her stretched latex clad ass. She was returning his grinding rather slowly and deliberately as his hands held her waist as though he was fucking her doggy style. I must admit it was a very erotic sight watching my wife dry hump some big black guy. His hands moved up her waist, stroking her very large side boob. He was enjoying her large mammaries cupped in the latex second skin as her ass ground into his crotch. She was smiling as she turned back to look at him, her body eased back toward him so her mouth was at his ear as she said something to him. He smiled as he stroked her side boobs as my shameless wife licked his ear. He looked down at her ass and his eyes widened.
Her skintight dress had rode up revealing her firm white naked buttocks. The black guys love a white women with a full ass and Brandi most certainly had the Latino ass. The guy was mesmerised watching my wife's exposed buttocks grind and tease his cock. Her right hand went behind her head and rested on his neck, steadying herself as her grinding got more forceful. They continued like this for about five minutes, not caring about the prying eyes watching their little sex show. He got braver and held her right breast, squeezing the full flesh as he kissed her neck. Brandi's eyes half closed, her mouth slightly open, a sure sign that she was moaning with pleasure. He took this as a come on and slid his left hand down her taut latex clad stomach, all the way down to her crotch and eased her dress just enough to allow his large black hand access to her glass smooth pussy. His eyes widened again when he made contact with her bald tight slit. His fingers strummed her mound like her pussy was a Spanish guitar. She began licking her lips as her breast and pussy were sexually manipulated.
Her hips were swivelling, enhancing all of his sexual touching. Her eyes were half closed with lust as she looked over toward me. She was biting her lower lip as though she was oppressing an orgasm, as she scraped the nails of her right hand slowly on his cheek. She lifted her toward his, offering her open mouth to him, he flicked his tongue toward her lips and she began to suck his tongue as though it was a cock. His finger was now working her pussy with rapid intent as she continued sucking his tongue, and all of this was happening on the dance floor with an audience enjoying the floor show. What happened next I did not expect. The guy kissed her lips softly, licked her cheeks and placed his mouth over her ear, whispering something that was met with her nodding approval. A second guy approached standing directly in front of my wife. She looked up and smiled at the stranger as he brazenly placed his hand on her exposed bald pussy. She opened her legs slightly inviting the stranger in.
The guy behind moved both of his hands to her large full breasts, squeezing the latex covered flesh as my wife pushed her pussy closer to the stranger. His fingers were inside my wife's cunt as I watched her buck against his large finger. His finger looked as big as my cock, as it slid in and out of my wife's shiny wet pussy. Brandi could hold back no longer and fucked against the guys finger bringing herself what looked like a very powerful orgasm. She flung her arms around the stranger in front as she rode his finger, all the while her first partner was squeezing her right latex coated breast, while his other hand had moved down to her exposed ass, and with her legs being parted slightly, her asshole would have been quite accessible to him, and I know only too well how much she likes her ass fingered when she's being fucked. Maybe she was being finger DP'd by the black guys, one thing is for sure, is that whatever it was, she was fucking loving it!
The floor show it seemed was over as Brandi and the two guys walked over toward me. Smiling I handed Brandi her drink which she gulped down immediately. She pinged her dress back into place then put her arms around my neck and whispered in my ear.
"I want to fuck these two in the disabled toilets, do you want to come watch?" She smiled.
I placed my hands on her exposed ass due to her standing tip toed holding on to me, only to find one of the guys worming his finger easily into her tightest hole!
"Do I get a fuck also, as that floor show was terrific!"
"Of course you do, but not until I've fucked these two!" She smiled, turning to the guys she said "This is Dex and Yani, They're twins!" She smiled as both guys nodded a greeting toward me.
I returned the greeting as Brandi piped up.
"Come on guys take me to where you can unleash those huge black cocks and fuck me!" She smiled stroking the bulges of both guys. She walked between the two guys with her arms around their waists, heading toward the disabled toilets, with me following closely behind. Each guy had a hand on her exposed cheeks and was gently manipulating her buttocks. Both guys were inching a finger toward her ass and Brandi had lifted her ass up in mid walk, giving better access to the invading fingers. I clearly saw both fingers slide into her tight puckered asshole. Watching the slide in her tight asshole that easily, confirmed to me that Brandi was more aroused than ever before, and that she would let these guys do anything to her. We walked the short distance to the disabled toilet with Brandi get her ass finger fucked all the way. We'd reached the toilet which had a huge black bouncer standing guard. Yani spoke to the bouncer who smiled as Yani peeled off a note handing it to the bouncer, he stepped aside from the door and we all piled in. The bouncer closed the door on us and stood guard outside, giving this small gathering some sexual privacy.
Yani smiled looking at Brandi and said.
"Big Joe keeps an eye on the door as this is used by lots of the brothers to fuck their white bitches" he explained "And sometimes their husbands come along to watch!" He looked over at me smiling.
Brandi was now leaning against the white porcelain wash basin, with her legs parted showing her excited smooth pussy, while Dex stood between her latex stocking clad legs and kissed her mouth erotically.
His large black lips engulfed Brandi's mouth as he chewed her lips and tongue, devouring them like they were his last meal. Brandi was squirming with sexual delight, rubbing her naked pussy against his swollen crotch, enjoying the sexual attention that was heading her way.
"Brandi turn around and bend over. Show me that sexy white ass for my camera!" Yani smiled holding an iPhone.
Brandi without question, turned around placing her hands on the wash basin, thrusting her ass upward and arching her back, as her dress rode up revealing her ass. She parted her legs and turned her head toward the camera smiling eagerly.
I took out my own phone and took a selection of pics along with Yani. Brandi seemed to be enjoying her modelling, something I'd never considered she would be up for, as she placed both hands on her buttocks, spreading her cheeks wide as she revealed her smooth wet slit and pink puckered ring to the cameras. The camera phones were clicking as Brandi ran her left hand between her legs. With her wedding ring in shot, she placed her index finger in her ass and slowly finger fucked her tightest hole. Both Yani and I clicked away, then I turned the camera setting to video, recording my slut wife fingering her ass, exposing her ass and smooth slit for the two black strangers, as she moaned sexually, finger fucking her ass. Dex was now unbuckling his belt as his trousers dropped to his knees, revealing the biggest cock I've ever seen. It was at least ten inches long and incredibly thick. It looked hard as hell, all shiny and ebony. He held the shaft and it looked like he was holding a length of pipe. He moved between Brandi's legs and slid the head of his hard cock up and down her smooth wet slit, opening her pussy as his cock nudged her lips apart, revealing her wetness to the camera. Brandi moaned in ecstasy as his cock pulsed between her pussylips sending her wild with desire. Dex smiled at Yani and said.
"I'm gonna give this length to this white slut! Watch the bitch love taking this black cock!" he grinned as he pushed his length slowly inside Brandi's welcoming pussy.
Brandi breathed a long slow moan, as the cock stretched her tight cunt. I watched as her pussy stretched around the black mamba sliding into her and witnessed the flesh gripping his cock on his withdrawal. He fucked Brandi slowly, letting her get used to his length and girth. Her finger was still fucking her ass as she began to enjoy her first orgasm with a black cock inside her.
Dex unleashed her full breasts from the confined latex allowing her large breasts to sway as he rode her cunt. Her nipples were standing out like chapel hat pegs which enthralled Yani, as he began to gently twist and turn the hardened nipple flesh. Brandi was in sexual heaven as she lifted her head up and kissed Yani, her tongue exploring his large black lips and hungry mouth. Dex withdrew his cock and sat on the disabled toilet, with his hard pole jutting upward. Yani guided Brandi over to Dex's cock and positioned her directly over the head of his cock. Her breasts were in Dex's face as he began to lick and chew her stiffened nipples. Brandi was whispering softly.
"Fuck me guys. I need these two black cocks inside me!"
Dex held Brandi's waist as she held her pussy open, feeling the tip of his hot cock at her opening, she slid down his pole slowly, till her pussy was totally impaled. She moaned throatily as Dex's cock provided so much pleasure as she looked down to see her cunt stretched by the big black cock. Dex leant back on the toilet as Brandi followed him, pushing her swollen breasts on to his chest. Her ass was now available as she slowly ground her pussy onto Dex's cock. I could clearly see her stretched pussy gripping the huge black cock as she moaned in ecstasy. With each thrust her asshole opened and closed proving to be a most erotic sight. Yani winked at me holding his now exposed cock, which was every bit as big, wide and black as Dex's cock. Holding the shaft he spat on his hand and rubbed the thick saliva all around his cock making the ebony cock shiny and lubricated. He walked behind Brandi whose ass was slowly moving back and forth. He touch her asshole gently then took his hand away. He spat onto the hand then rubbed the saliva on Brandi's asshole.
"Oh fuck yes!" Brandi growled "Fuck my ass!" she snarled, demanding Yani put his cock in her ass.
Yani didn't need any further encouragement as he nudged his cock slowly in to her puckered ring. I watched as my wife's tight asshole wrapped itself around the head of the enormous cock. There was no way she would be able to take this length in her ass. Yani slid the black snake into my wife's ass as she panted lustfully. Inch by inch the black cock slid further and deeper in to her stretched ass. I've never heard Brandi moan so passionately as the two black cocks filled her holes. I turned the camera video on to record this incredible event as the black cock slid deeper inside her ass. Her arousal was so great that she planted her mouth on Dex's, swirling her tongue, slut like around his own and his thick black lips. Both black cocks were sliding in and out of her holes as she groaned in to Dex's mouth. Yani slid his length balls deep into Brandi's ass and she let out the most sensual moan I've ever heard. The moan sounded of pure pleasure, as she rocked her hips while both cocks fucked her. She panted lustfully that she was coming.
"Take these cocks white whore!" Yani said smiling as he fucked her ass.
Dex thrust upwards forcing her to let out a deep breath as his cock banged at her cervix.
"Fuck me!" She panted "Shoot your loads inside me. Give me your seed!" She begged.
"No fucking way slut! You're swallowing these loads!" Dex snarled forcefully.
Yani removed his cock from my wife's ass, leaving her tight hole now gaping wide from the stretching he had just giving her. He stroked his cock as Dex lifted Brandi off his cock. They placed her kneeling on the cold tiled floor and jerked their cocks into her face, sometimes slapping their cocks off her face.
"Swallow my spunk you white bitch!" Dex said as his cock twitched and a huge thick globule of white creamy spunk splashed across my wife's face. She hungrily opened her mouth as the next four powerful spurts filled her mouth. She swallowed every drop he gave her, then gently licked and sucked his still large cock head. Yani tapped her on the head saying.
"Time for some ATM white slut!" And stuck his hard exploding cock into her hungry slut mouth.
His huge balls twitched as they emptied in to Brandi's mouth. I could see her swallowing eagerly as she sucked on his cock so much, her cheeks began to hollow. Licking his deflating cock, she smiled at me and said.
"That was fucking awesome! I need more cock!" She snapped "Get the bouncer and a couple of his guys. I want all holes filled now!" She demanded still panting breathlessly and shaking from the intense pleasure the two black guys had provided. Yani went out of the toilet saying he would be back in a minute. Brandi sat on the disabled toilet with her legs apart showing her gaping shaved pussy with her cum clearly visible as it ran down her thighs. Her latex dress was up around her waist, with her breasts scooped out of the top. Her breathing was beginning to return to some kind of normal when the door burst open and Yani was followed in by three of the black bouncers, including the one at the entrance who was trying finger Brandi's ass on the way in. Brandi smiled at her new guests, opening her latex stockinged legs wide and sliding a finger into her just fucked pussy. Standing up, she smiled at the guys, walked over to the wash basin, pushing her alabaster ass high in the air, she turned her head back to the guys and said.
"Who is fucking me first? Any hole you want?" She smiled licking her naughty lips as she placed her hands on her buttocks and again pulled her cheeks apart, revealing her sweet bald slit and just fucked asshole.
"She is a hot white slut Yani!" Said the bouncer from the door.
"Wait till you fuck the white bitch. She is one dirty married whore!" Yani said smiling.
His words were arousing Brandi as she squirmed with delight at his description. I must admit the erotic charge of the situation was turning me on immensely.
Brandi reached out to grab the cock of the guy on her left.
"Take your cock out and let me suck while one of these guys fucks me!" She said almost smiling with half closed lust crazed eyes. The unzipped his trousers and unfurled an even bigger cock than the twins. This was easily longer than ten inches with large veins coursing along the length. He held it Brandi's lips as she kissed the cock as though she was kissing his lips. Tiny little pecks and flicks of her tongue as she held the huge throbbing meat, stroking the shaft slowly and deliberately, gently nibbling the head of the black snake. Her mouth opened and she fed at least six inches of the black cock into her mouth, sucking hard on the cock as her mouth created a vacuum around the black shiny beast. He groaned loudly and said in a loud deep voice.
"Man this white slut sure can suck black dick!" He smiled looking down at Brandi pleasuring his cock. "You're one lucky white dude fucking a slut as fine as this!" He continued.
The bouncer who tried to finger Brandi's ass earlier moved right up to her buttocks with his erect huge cock in his hand he guided the monster phallus between Brandi's butt cheeks and began to rub his length around her asshole and up and down her smooth slit. She stopped sucking the cock for a moment as she pleaded with the guy to give her his cock. The guy grinned holding what appeared to be another ten inch cock and said.
"Tell which hole you want my black cock to fuck!" He sneered spitting saliva directly on to his ebony cock.
"Fuck all my holes!" Brandi panted now overcome with lust.
"I'll fuck your ass then cum inside your tight white married pussy!" He said looking in me in the with more than a hint of menace. I nodded subserviently to him as he spat directly on Brandi's asshole, something which made my slut wife squirm and moan with obvious sexual delight. He placed his huge cock at her sphincter and began to slowly feed his cock into her asshole. She made a moaning laughing sound as his cock opened her sphincter.
"Oh fuck yeah!" She moaned softly "Fuck my white ass!" She pleaded.
The guy slid more of his length inside her ass as she continued to moan and beg him to fuck her ass.
"I'm gonna bang this white ass good bitch!" He growled aggressively "Then I'm gonna bust my nut in your tight slut pussy!"
Brandi began to roll her hips and fuck his cock, twerking almost as she pleasures the huge black mamba.
"Damn this cheating slut is one dirty whore!" He grinned as my wife fucked his cock.
She returned to sucking the other guys cock who was now on the verge of coming due to the eroticness of the situation.
"Suck all of the cum out of my pipe!" He snarled as my wife expertly licked and sucked his cock to orgasm. As the first spurt entered her closed mouth, she began to suck creating a vacuum which provided a pleasure he'd never experienced.
"Fuck yeah swallow my load bitch!" He snarled as his orgasm continued, filling Brandi's throat with hot salty black mans seed. Her eyes were rolling with desire as she sucked the man juice from her victim as his friend stretched her hungry cock crazy ass. Her own orgasm was on it's way just as the guy's semi erect cock slid from her mouth. Panting ferociously she began uttering.
"Fuck my ass!" Continuously.
The guy removed his cock from her ass and rammed it forcibly into her drenched pussy. Two long thrusts provided Brandi with a surprising squirting orgasm. Female ejaculation shot out of her pussy and splashed on the floor. Moaning and panting with sexual delight, her legs began to shake and almost give way. Black guy held her waist as he fucked her pussy, pounding her stretched cunt like no tomorrow.
"I'm gonna bust my nut in your cunt whore!" The bouncer snarled.
"Fuck my white married pussy!" Brandi said for effect, continuing with "Fuck me like my husband can't and give me your hot seed!" That was about as much as he could take as he held Brandi's waist quite tightly slammed his cock deep inside her pussy, holding it there until he'd emptied his entire load inside her. There was so much come, that it began to slither out of her pussy. A thick globule fell from her pussy and landed on the hard tiled floor. The guy pulled out his glistening semi erect cock, showing an elaborate amount of Brandi's pussy juice glistening on his black snake.
As he stepped away from Brandi, his seed began to leak out of her. Brandi pushed the palm of her hand over her gaping pussy and collected the sperm pouring from her swollen pussy. Taking the palm full of spunk she smeared it on her lips and began to lick it off. Licking the black mans sperm up she looked at me and smiled as her tongue rolled around the thick sticky fluid. The last guy stepped forward smiling. He looked at Brandi as she smiled back him. He unzipped his trouser and the biggest she had ever seen sprang from crotch area. It must have been twelve inches long without any exaggeration. It was enormous and made the other cocks look small in comparison.
Brandi's eyes lit up at the magnificent sight before her. She reached out to touch it, pulling the guy closer to her as she began to kiss and lick the cock. Try as she might she couldn't get her mouth around the cock. The guy smiled and whispered to Brandi.
"You gonna take all this cock in your ass now baby. When it's inside you then you're my slut! Understand bitch?" He snarled.
Brandi looked at the guy and nodded obediently such was her lust. The guy grinned and moved behind Brandi.
"Hold those ass cheeks open bitch! You're my whore now!" He smiled.
His enormous cock slid between Brandi's stretched cheeks as inch by inch the enormous cock began to fill her asshole. Brandi was sobbing with pain, sexual delight and unexplainable ecstasy.
"I'm your slut! Please fuck me!" She begged as the whites of her eyes rolled over such was her pleasure. She began to orgasm , but this orgasm was slow burning as the intensity increased. With each thrust her sexual pleasure heightened. Her legs were shaking as the orgasm increased, she was experiencing a multiple orgasm brought on by the invading black snake. Her inner muscles of her pussy and ass were oscillating sending ripples of pleasure up the entire length of his cock. He'd never fucked a woman who could not only take his length but milk his cock in such a fashion. Brandi writhed on his cock as his cock began to explode in side her asshole. She had never felt such pleasure as his huge cock emptied his enormous load deep into her bowels.
"Take my load whore!" The guy almost screamed as he noticed his huge balls deep in my wife's asshole.
As his cock finished spurting, he removed it from my wife's ass and smacked her buttocks quite sharply. She flinched smiling at the playful smack, absolutely siated with the pleasure she'd received.
The last guy turned to me handing over a business.
"Man anytime this whore needs black dick, you just give ole Jamal a call and me and the brothers will be round to give this cheating white slut just what she needs!" He smiled as he smacked Brandi's ass once more.
"And if you want us to whore out the bitch, we can do that too!" He winked, obviously stating the pimping bit for effect.
"We'll let this little lady clean up and give you guys a minute to yourselves, then Yani will escort you off the premises." The bouncer guy explained.
All of the guys left the toilet and Yani said.
"I'll be right outside when you need me."
My wife turned on the cold water tap and sprinkled the cool water onto her red hot pussy and ass. She pinged her black shiny latex dress back in to place, making sure her pussy and ass were covered. Placing her breasts, with her nipples still vastly erect, back in to her dress, she moved her breasts so they sat perfectly in the skintight garment. Looking at her flushed orgasmic reflection she smiled and turned to me, looking as sexy as she had ever done.
"Honey that was sensational. Thank you for letting me fuck those black guys!" She smiled "Those cocks were fantastic. Lets go home and you can fuck any hole you want! They should have shrank back to size by the time we get home!" She sniggered.
"Sounds like a plan!" I smiled "Plus we can watch this video of the guys fucking you while you fuck me!" I said giving her the surprise that it was all recorded, as I tapped my iPhone.
"Oh fuck yeah Honey, I want to see those cocks sticking it to me!" She smiled "Let's get home. I need to be made love too and feel like a lady again!"
"As long as you keep the outfit on!" I smiled.