"The rules are simple, earn 10,000 points in the game and you will get $10,000,000 as a reward. It is all or nothing though, if you stop at 9,999 points you will get nothing. Are you up for the challenge?" Holly couldn't believe what she was reading, it seemed too good to be true.
A few hours ago the 29-year-old woman walked nonchalantly naked through her apartment carrying an arm full of toys and her laptop, her slightly bigger than handful-sized tits bouncing around as she stepped and her short well-toned body on full display. She didn't have anyone to hide from because she lived alone and this wasn't special for her anymore as several months ago she had started masturbating all over her apartment instead of just in her bedroom. It gave her a thrill initially, a welcome change of pace, but now it has become mundane and boring just like the rest of her routine.
She sat down naked directly on her sofa, she used to put a towel down to protect it from her playtime but now she just accepts that the fabric will get stained and dirty with her juices while she plays, and honestly, she kind of enjoys making the mess. She put some cheesy porn on the large flat screen tv hanging on the wall across the room. What porn didn't matter to her, only the duration of the video. She found a long nearly 80-minute video for the tv. It wasn't long enough, and she knew that, but it was a good start and would suffice for background porn.
You see, Holly is a masturbation addict and an edge slut. She has spent several hours masturbating every single day for several years at this point. Despite all that time spent touching and teasing she rarely ever allows herself to orgasm. Last year she only allowed herself one orgasm each month and this year she only gets one orgasm every three months. Her life and routine are dull and boring, but the way she sees it at least this keeps her constantly horny which is interesting at least.
And she is constantly horny. Even when she isn't masturbating her head races with lewd thoughts and devious fantasies. She thinks of them as her demons, and she rarely ever acts on them. All the time she has these demon thoughts. Earlier today while she was sitting bored at her desk at work for example they encouraged her "Strip! Right here right now! You so rarely ever get walk-in customers and your co-workers seldom leave their offices. You could spend hours here naked and no one would ever know. That sounds more fun than just sitting here doesn't it?"
Of course, she didn't strip herself right then and there. She works as a receptionist in the front room of the office, it would have been far too risky. But her demons were right. She was bored and the odds of her getting caught were very low. So she hiked up her light yellow skirt and remove her tiny white thong. Then, using her personal wireless hotspot, she pulled up some porn on her personal laptop. With her skirt still hiked up she began lightly rubbing little circles around her clit. Five minutes turned to fifteen and then into two hours and before she knew it her day was done and it was time to go home. She grabbed her thong off the floor and threw it into her purse and walked out feeling just a small trail of her juices dripping down her left thigh as she did. That was several hours ago. Back at home later that night while mindlessly browsing porn for hours and hours is when this story actually starts.
Holly has lots of fetishes, more than she can remember. Usually, she will spend a few hours on one whenever she remembers it before moving on to the next one. Tonight she was fixated on exhibitionists. She loves them. More specifically she loves seeing how brave and confident they are, displaying their whole bodies and faces for the whole world to see. She has always wanted to join them and produce her own amateur porn for the untold masses of the internet, but she always has managed to ignore that particular demon. It is too risky and it would ruin her life. She could lose her very boring but also very high-paying job and maybe never be able to get another one and who knows what else.
But still... the fantasy was there. She loved the idea that anyone and everyone could see her body on full display and enjoy her whenever they wanted however they wanted with just a quick Google search of her name. She wanted to be famous and to be used, but it just wasn't practical. It was the kind of fantasy that has to remain a fantasy, unfortunately. But that didn't stop her from enjoying the other girls who were braver and more secure than she was. She would look at their pictures and videos and read the comments imagining she was the one in the posts and that the comments were talking about her. Sometimes she would even recreate the pose or actions of the girl in question and then look at herself on her phone as she read them to make it seem more real, dreaming of posting them but never actually doing it.
Tonight, however, something different happened. Somewhere deep down the rabbit hole of exhibitionists and websluts, Holly found a secret. A website with a challenge for aspiring websluts. The $10,000,000 Webslut Game. It seemed impossible and like a joke. Complete tasks to earn points and if you do enough you get millions of dollars. But there were testimonials. Profiles of girls who had completed the game. Much of it was censored but the early challenges and their newer blog updates as millionaires were public.
You could see them starting the game, looking into a webcam, and introducing themselves with their real full names and where they live before stripping off their tops and showing their boobs to the webcam. That was the first challenge, worth just 1 point but required to even sign up to start the game to see more challenges. And then their latest posts of those same girls living in nice houses with nice cars and traveling the world praising the webslut game saying how it changed their lives.
Holly googled several of them and it seemed to confirm what they were saying. Many of them used to live in low-income places and had boring lives working retail or food service jobs, but all the ones she checked are now living in well-off neighborhoods and seem to be retired. Of course, while googling them she did also find lots of their webslut activities, that was after all the whole point of the game. Holly didn't stop to watch any of the videos, there were too many, but she did glance through a couple of galleries. Mostly everything looked pretty normal. Hundreds and hundreds of nude pictures in all sorts of different poses with different kinds of toys. They weren't exactly tame but it also wasn't anything Holly hadn't seen dozens or hundreds of times before.
After several hours of masturbating and another hour of just snooping through some of these winners' lives, Holly decided that enough was enough and that it was time to let this particular demon out. She read the first challenge carefully.
"Record a short video of yourself. Start fully clothed and introduce yourself. State clearly your full name and where you live. Then strip off your top and show the camera your tits.
We will use this information to verify you and then activate your account"
Without another moment's thought, Holly ran naked to her room not having been this excited for anything in several years. She dressed herself up then returned to her laptop and started recording.