My girlfriend and I love to hike, we were taking our time, it was a great day, not too hot, good for climbing. We were climbing Mt. Washington, in New Hampshire, we got a nice early start because we had a long climb ahead.
We had been climbing for about two hours when Kayla told me she had to pee and was going to go in the bushes and to keep an eye out for other hikers.
She had been gone for about 10 minutes, so I was getting concerned.
I started walking in the direction she had gone off in, and spotted her kneeling down. She was looking thru some bushes, she turned and raised a finger to her mouth to tell me to be quiet.
I could hear something going on thru the bushes and had a pretty good idea what it might be.
I kneeled down beside Kayla, and looked thru the bushes, just as I thought, outdoor wild sex.
A cute brunette, topless, with really big tits was on her knees sucking this guys cock, this guy was hung, must have had a 10 inch cock.
She was really doing a good job, I'm sure she's sucked him off before. She had one hand stroking his cock as she licked up and down, while her other hand was buried down the front of her shorts fingering herself.
She opened her mouth wide as she could and started sucking as much of his cock as she could fit.
He grabbed ahold of the back of her head and pushed more of his giant cock in.
She choked a little but to our surprise seemed not to mind.
We watched in awe as more and more of his cock disappeared into her mouth, she was actually deepthroating his massive cock.
We watched as her head bobbed up and down, faster and faster she sucked his cock.
Suddenly he pulled his cock out and pulled her up to him. He reached for her shorts and pulled them down along with her soaked panties.
She wrapped her arms around his neck and he grabbed her by her ass and lifted her up. His cockhead was lined up with her very wet cunt, in one quick movement his cock rammed inside her.
This guy was big, and she was loving it , he fucked her in long deep strokes, pulling almost all the way out before thrusting his 10 inch monster cock back in to the hilt.
She lifted one of her big tits up to his mouth, he sucked greedily at her nipple, she was moaning with pleasure. He continued to raise and lower her on his pole, which was coated with her cunt juices. He lifted her off his cock and had her get down on the ground doggy-style.
I thought he was just going to slide back inside her dripping snatch, and was surprised when I saw he was spreading her ass-checks.
He was going to fuck her ass with his long fat cock.
She was ready for it, she braced herself for what was next.
He grabbed her by her hips tightly, and gave a hard shove.
I was amazed, she took his cock, and hardly a peep out of her.
Deeper and deeper he penetrated her ass with every stroke, he then started slapping her ass checks, still she never complained actually quite the opposite, she had a smile on her face the whole time.
Her hand was fingering her clit, she was cumming again and again.
I suddenly looked to my left and saw Kayla, with her hands jammed down the front of her shorts, fingering herself into a frenzy.
I didn't want the couple to catch us watching them, so I grabbed her other hand and we snuck off to find our own little hiding spot.
Kayla was really turned on, she did just as the other girl did, she took off her top and got on her knees and pulled out my rock hard cock.
Oh her lips felt great on my cock. Having just watched the show the couple had put on, I was hot myself.
I did as we had seen and grabbed Kayla's head. I had never tried to force my cock into her mouth before, but she was letting me do it, she wanted my cock in her throat, the feeling was unbelievable, I had to stop her before I came.
I pulled her up just like the other guy had and stripped off her shorts.
Kayla remembered what to do next, she wrapped her arms around my neck and I lifted her up, and my cock slid right inside, I have never felt her so wet and excited before.
I started fucking her just like the other guy had, pulling almost all the way out and ramming my cock back in deep.
Kayla was loving it, but she also knew what was coming next.
We hadn't ever done anal before, I was wondering if Kayla would go thru with it. I couldn't wait any longer to find out, I didn't know how much longer I could last.
I lifted her up and off my cock and lowered her down to the ground, she got in position for doggy-style.
I figured she would stop me and tell me to fuck her in her pussy, but was pleasantly surprised when she reached back and pulled her ass checks apart for me.
I guided my rock hard cock between her spread checks and placed the head at the opening, there was no turning back now.
I grabbed her hips tight just like the other guy had and gave a great big shove.
She gritted her teeth, but did not scream.
I had about half my cock inside and asked her if she was O.K.
She said she was, so I pulled back a couple of inches and gave forth with another shove, deeper
this time.
I continued fucking her ass, going deeper with every inward thrust, until I had my entire 7 inch cock buried all the way up her ass.
She was so fucking tight, I was fucking her faster and faster, all the way in, all the way out. I swear she was enjoying getting fucked up the ass.
I couldn't wait any longer and told her I was going to cum.
Kayla asked that I shoot my load all over her ass.
So I pulled out and unloaded the most cumm of my life. As I was cumming I swear I could hear the bushes rustling.
We never did finish our climb, we were both exhausted after our outdoor activity. We will try again some other time, who knows, maybe we won't make the summit again, that would be a shame.