I love springtime. The weather is changing, getting warmer. The buds come out on the trees and everything bursts into life again. I live in the northeast and while I love the winter, I really love it when it's over. When the weather warms up and everything begins to grow again I just can't get enough of the outdoors.
Spring is also time to hunt wild turkeys. I have doing this for twenty years now so it's my excuse for heading outdoors. I love the spring hunting season because walking through the woods I get to see everything come alive again. Each plant and tree seems to burst with the most amazing colors when the trees bloom. The spring turkey season weather is usually cool to cold with some warm days thrown in for good measure. For the most part I will walk the woods with my hunting buddy and we won't get too hot at all. We will walk and call then sit and wait. Then we will repeat this until its time to go or a turkey responds and come to our call.
This year was different. First off I could only go four days and the first three we didn't see or hear anything. The last day my buddy couldn't go as he had to work. So I decided that I had to go seeing it was my last day to hunt. You have to know that I hunt in full camouflage clothing. Head to toe with a net over my face. This not only makes it hard for the turkeys to spot me but also keeps bugs out of my face.
Well my last day was a Wednesday and I awoke as usual at 4:30 am. I got dressed, went downstairs to get some breakfast and headed out the door all before the sun rose. The day before had been warmer than most spring days and this morning began the same way. It was already 80 degrees when I left the house.
I walked into the woods after a short drive to the place I hunt and I could feel the humidity rising. The hike in doesn't take long, so after fifteen minutes I stop and go walking with some turkey calling in between I got to the spot where I usually began my search for the elusive wild turkey. This place was special because it was a stand of oak trees bordered by tall white pines.
The oaks produce acorns, which the turkeys fed on, and the pines were the kind of tree they roosted in at night. This day they were nowhere to be found though. I walked and called and did some more as the temperature rose. I could feel it get hotter every hour. I checked my watch and at 8 am it was almost 90 degrees. At 9 am it was close to 95 degrees and humid.
I was sweating my ass off. Anymore of this and I was going to melt. I decided to go to another part of the woods that I have found turkeys in at times. The walk wasn't too bad. I had to walk down a small ravine that had a small brook running in the middle. It was only thirty yards wide at the top. The walk down was pleasant as the flow of the water actually brought a slight cooling breeze along the course of the brook. The brook got larger as I went further downhill when another source of water joined it.
The tiny brook was now a small stream between six and ten feet across and only a few inches deep except for a few pools that were deeper. When the small ravine ended it kind of opened onto a small stand of maple trees on the left side as you stand looking downhill. A large pine at the edge with branches as low as ten feet stood guard at the end. On the right spreading out was a field. The grass there was quite long left from the previous fall and the new shoots had yet to overtake the brown stalks.
I sat down under that white pine. It gave me good shade. I also could look out and see the field to my right and look left and see quite far into the stand of maples. The brook went right by that pine only five a foot away and slightly downhill from the pine tree was the largest pool that I had found in that stream. It was ten feet across and another six feet long. I had stepped into it once so I knew it was only about a foot deep at its deepest.
The pool was very pretty and I had watched deer drink from it on occasion. I went down to it and washed off my sweat and cooled off before heading back to the tree and some shade as the pool was in direct sunlight and it was HOT. I called a few more times but I never heard anything at all so I just settled in to wait there for a while before deciding what to do. I wasn't leaving the woods so soon, it was my last day and I wanted to at least see or hear a turkey gobble.
I looked at my watch it was now approaching noon and it was so hot, I found out later it hit one hundred. But it was cooler for me to stay put and at least I could enjoy the beauty of the woods.
Just after noon I heard steps in the dry leaves. If you have ever seen turkeys in the woods you know when they walk you can never tell if they are a turkey or a person at first.
I concentrated on the direction the sound was coming from and watched intently down hill along the stream. It wasn't long before I saw a young woman come into view walking up the stream towards me. When she got closer I decided just to stay put and not make a sound. I thought she would keep going and I could continue to enjoy the day alone in my thoughts.
When she was almost to the small pool I recognized her as one of my daughter's friends. She had a small strawberry birthmark on her arm that had lightened over time but was still there. I hadn't seen Alice in almost four years. She had been away at college and had little time to visit my daughter who also was away. The last time I remember seeing her she was a gangling teenager, a bit thin and looking quite young in fact. College had been good for her. She was on the soccer team in high school so I assumed she was also playing at college.
Her athletic looking physique was accentuated by her breasts, which had grown much larger. She had been very small breasted I do remember but now had filled out nicely. All in all her face was framed by long brunette hair down to her shoulders and she filled out the tight t-shirt and short shorts she was wearing. She was carrying what looked like a beach bag. She stopped in the full sunlight right next to the pool.
Dropping the bag after removing a beach towel she spread it out on the leaves. I was about to shout out and tell her I was there hunting so I wouldn't scare her when she crossed her hands above her waist and grasped the edges of the t-shirt and pulled it up removing it completely.
Left wearing only a lace bra and her shorts my voice was gone. I was in shock and awe at this brazen beauty before me. Well she didn't stop there, she reached for the clasp in the front and unsnapped the bra and let it fall on top of the bag. As her breasts fell free I had a perfect view as she was facing more or less in my direction.
I could see her nipples clearly each pink nipple about the size of a half dollar and her creamy white breasts in sharp contrast to her arms. It seems she had not been sunbathing topless too much as they were pure white. Each breast was the size of a small grapefruit and just as round and perfectly shaped. She didn't stop as she next unbuttoned her pants unzipped the very short zipper and dropped them to the ground, right after that in almost the same motion, her thumbs hooked her g-sting on each side and pulled them down too.
Now completely naked she took two steps into the pool. While standing there she casually brushed the side of her breast down her side to her hip like she was wiping away dirt, only there wasn't any. As she breathed I could see her breasts rise and fall. It was a very beautiful sight to behold and very sensuous.
I now had a profile view of this nymph as she bent over at the waist to scoop up some water in her hands. The water was just above her ankles and she scooped up a handful and brought it up to her face and let it run down her whole body. Even though it was very hot outside the cool water hitting her nipples caused them to tighten and shrink to size of a quarter as they now pointed and stood out like pencil erasers.
She repeated this many times before stepping from the water and patting her face dry with the towel. She turned and laid the towel down and sat facing downhill away from me. Her legs straight out and together she leaned back on her hands and surveyed the field beside her.
I didn't dare move now for fear of being discovered so I sat and watched this beauty just take in the sun. It was a while later that she cooled off again however this time she threw on her shorts and shirt without the underwear and picked up and walked away the same direction she had come from.
I took my cue and walked out of the woods myself, my day of hunting done. I had captured only the image of this young woman so beautiful in the sunlit grotto in the woods. But it was enough. I will never forget these images. The only time I have seen Alice since is when she and I happened upon each other in the grocery store. It was a few months later and I had a great big smile for her when I said hello.