The summer was hot, very hot. In fact at times it was that hot that wandering round the house naked was the only solution. I hadn't lived in my new house long but the street I now lived on seemed OK. My garden was majorly overlooked and despite not minding laying out naked in the garden I wasn't going to risk it until I knew what my neighbours were like.
On one side lived a couple in their early 60's, their fence was quite high and they didn't really have any windows that overlooked my garden. They did however, have a gate that gave them access to my garden. On the other side were a couple in their mid 30's. They had two children and a lower fence and windows that could clearly see in my garden. He worked for a power company and she worked at a school. In the short time I'd been in my house I'd spoken to her on a number of occasions when she'd walked past. She was a strawberry blonde with a dirty laugh and deep, brown eyes.
I'm not sure what I had gone into my office for but as I did I glanced out of my window. Now, as I've said, the younger couple had windows that over looked my house and as a consequence some of mine looked into their garden. I'd forgotten that my blind was up and as I strolled into the office naked I caught a glimpse of my neighbour lying on a sunbed. Nothing odd in that, other than she was completely naked. I stopped and must admit that I starred for what seemed like an age.
She was facing at an angle so I could see her side on. She had quite pudgy boobs with small nipples and her mound was covered in a thin covering of strawberry blonde hair. She was laying flat on her back and was staring straight up at the sun. I imagined running my fingers over her body and feeling her nipples between my fingers. Before I knew it I could feel my cock swelling and my balls tightening. Thinking she couldn't see me I started to rub my shaft, slowly, imagining her wanking my cock.
Soon, my slow motions had speeded up and I was standing with my legs apart, really rubbing my cock hard. I suddenly felt my cock twitch and my cum jet out onto the laminate floor. A pool of hot, sticky cum. My only wish was that it had been over my neighbours boobs.
Moving away from the window I cleaned up and then went for a shower.
I hadn't been out of the shower long when there was a knock on the front door. I walked down the stairs in a t-shirt and shorts and opened it. To my surprise it was my neighbour, now dressed in a bikini over which she had thin silk robe.
"Enjoy that did you?" she asked.
"Enjoy what?" I protested.
"Your little perving session from your back room, watching me out of your window. Don't think I didn't see you because I did."
To be honest, I didn't know what to say. I didn't think she'd seen me, but thinking back, when I'd cum I looked down and she must have looked up. Ah well, caught red handed I suppose.
"I didn't think you could see me" I answered.
"Well, I could" she replied.
Looking at her I wasn't sure whether she was actually angry. She had her sunglasses on so I couldn't see what her eyes were like. Suddenly, a smile started to emerge on her face. She then started to laugh and said "if you could only see your face."
I started to smile and she said "lock your door and come round, hubby is at work and the boys are at school."
I walked round the corner and into her back yard. Before I knew it she had ditched the robe and bikini and was naked in front of me. I could feel my cock starting to swell again.
"What are you waiting for?" she said. "Take your clothes off and get on the sun bed."
Without a moments hesitation I was nude and laying on the sunbed I'd watched her on.
"Back in a minute" she said and I lay down. Aware that my cock was standing to attention. She came back and suddenly stood over me. Before I knew it she had taken hold of my cock and was sliding it into her already wet pussy as she lowered herself onto me.
"Mmmm, how good does that feel? she said. I just grinned as she started to slowly grind her pussy up and down on my thick, erect cock. Her small nipples were erect and I watched as her boobs bounced up and down.
"Do you like this?" she said.
"Why wouldn't I?" was my response.
She smiled and said "Good."
I could see my cock sliding in and out of her as she moved up and down. As she became wetter and wetter I could see her juices on my shaft, glistening in the sun.
She started to rub her clit with her fingers and was moaning as she moved up and down in an almost hypnotic way. I was entranced by her boobs as they bounced, wishing I could just touch them or suck her nipples. She was content for me to lie back and enjoy the ride.
As the hot sun beat down on us, I could feel her pussy tighten and then my cock begin to twitch before suddenly she moaned out loud as she came and I shot my hot cum deep into her pussy.
She sat down, with my cock still inside her and smile at me. "What a good neighbour you are."
Feeling my cock go limp she climbed off and walked inside. I sat up and she came out and said "You better go now, the boys will be hone soon from school."
I got dressed and walked to the gate, "don't go staring out of the window again" she said. "Come round and lets see what other adventures we can have."