Chapter 3
I jump in the shower and clean myself up, only interrupted by Tim once as he pokes his head inside the curtain to say, "I love the look of a wet naked body!" He waits until I finish up and then gets in the shower to clean himself of the remains of our earlier fucking. I begin to dry off, but he says, "come over here and wash me."
"OK", I say, but he turns to look at me and says "OK, what?"
I remember my place, look at the floor, and say, "yes, Sir." I return to the bathtub and take the bar of soap and a washcloth, getting some lather worked up. I then start to rub my hands and the washcloth over his neck and shoulders, working up more of a lather as I move up and down his arms and back, stopping just before I reach that cute ass. I do this for a moment more, then drop the washcloth and run the side of my hand between his asscheeks, making sure I get him good and clean there. I pause just for a moment to make sure his asshole is clean (and tickled a bit in the process) and then move to his legs. I use both hands to scrub Tim's thighs and calves with the soap, making sure I pay equal attention to both legs. He then turns and faces me, presenting his frontside for my attention.
I once again begin at his neck, working my way through the hair on his chest, taking time to make sure his nipples are very clean. Moving my way down his stomach slowly, turning circles as I continue on, I eventually reach the top of his pubic hair. His cock, despite having given me two shots of cum already, is half-hard. I continue to wash, making sure his cock, balls, and taint get lots of attention. His pole continues to harden and I wonder if he wishes me to make him come again, but decide to move on to the front of his legs, giving them the same treatment the backs had gotten moments ago. He does not bring me back to his crotch, so I guess I made the right decision. Once I finish his legs, he tells me, "you can tend to your makeup now", and he turns to rinse off. I find that Tim has put my toiletries bag on the vanity as promised, along with some jewelry. On the counter is a pair of my diamond-stud earrings and a simple gold necklace. While drying off and applying my makeup, Tim gets out of the shower, runs his hand slowly across my ass, then goes into the other room. I finish, then move from the bathroom to the bedroom to begin dressing, noting that he has dressed in his jeans and a white shirt, and is sitting on the couch. He has laid out a black thigh-high skirt and red button-down blouse for me. No underwear, I note. This will be interesting for me to avoid flashing anyone who wishes a look. I reach for the shirt when I hear him say in a deep, growling voice, "what are you doing?"
I turn with a start and see him standing in the doorway, a serious look on his face. "I was getting dressed...sir" I state uncertainly.
"Did I give you permission?" he growls again. "I said you will remain nude until I say you can dress. Come here." Tim leaves the doorway and heads for the sitting room.
When I reach the doorway, I see he is sitting in the easy chair again. I walk to him, unsure what to do next. When I reach him, he gently takes my arm and pulls me over his knee. My ass is right there for him to view. Tim doesn't look for long though, as he lands his open palm on my right asscheek. SMACK! I draw a breath, and then another blow lands. SMACK! I know he is not spanking me nearly as hard as he could, but I still feel the tingling sensation of the blow on my skin. SMACK! A third blow lands. I breathe deeply, trying to steel myself for the next blow, but instead I feel his finger working into my pussy.
"You're wet," he says. "Since that was supposed to be a punishment, I won't reward you with another fuck. Go and bend over the arm of the couch."
I do as I'm told while he goes to the bedroom. I expect further punishment, but instead he returns with the camera and stands behind me.
"Stick your ass out."
I quickly comply and the flash of the camera goes off, once, twice, and then a third time.
"I got some excellent shots of your red cheeks. I think one even shows my handprint. You can get dressed now."
I put on my skirt and blouse while Tim watches, then put on the low heels he has given me. I've never been really coordinated on high heels, so I'm glad he is allowing me to at least maintain my balance. A slip and fall in public could expose a lot more than I would like to.
Tim escorts me downstairs and out to his truck, my outfit drawing a few surreptitious glances from a group of men in the lobby. His vehicle has been pulled up by the valet, and the young man quickly moves around the truck to open my door. I make my entry as quickly as possible, but as he shuts the door behind me, the smirk on his face is evidence he saw more than I had intended him to see.
We drive to the restaurant, Tim's right hand gently massaging my inner thigh. His hand pushes my skirt up until I feel cool air on my mound, but his fingers never quite make it to my slit, instead circling and massaging just below my crotch. He continues this torture until we reach the parking lot of the restaurant. He parks, then comes to my side to open the door. Once again, getting out of his truck in this skirt leaves me exposed.
We take a table at in a booth in a dimly lit area at the back of the restaurant. We sit close to each other, close enough that he may reach any part of me easily. Dinner passes nicely with lots of conversation, some of it clean, most of it not, and with him occasionally rubbing my inner thighs, or with quick passes of his fingers over my nipples. He has unbuttoned my blouse to the point where it hangs open enough to allow him easy access, and I think at one point our waitress catches a glimpse of one of my pink-tipped cones.
We finish dinner and make ready to go. As I begin to button my blouse, he gently catches my hand, looks me in the eye, but says nothing. I get the signal clearly enough though, and take my hands away from the buttons. I look down and realize that I will be on display on the way out. My chest blushes a deep red, and can only imagine that it matches the hue of my face.
We make it to the truck without any major incidents and pull out of the parking lot. I'm hoping that we are heading back to the hotel where Tim will scratch the itch in my pussy and let me have the come I have wanted since my spanking, but I quickly see that we are not heading in the direction we came. I turn my hips toward him and open my legs, inviting him to play with my cunt, but he ignores the offer and drives on. Several minutes later we pull into a strip mall and park in front of an adult video store.
Tim once again helps me out of the truck, ever the perfect gentleman, and leads me to the store. I have never been in a porn shop before, but have always imagined them as dirty, dimly-lit places with men in dirty trenchcoats pawing over magazines. To my surprise, when I walk in I find a brightly-lit department store of sex, with toys, videos, and a large assortment of lingerie and clothing. There are certainly lots of men browsing up and down the aisles, but many women, too. I begin to wonder exactly what it is we are looking for here—are we in the market for a new dildo or vibrator? I'm sure there are some sexy things back at hotel for me to wear, but I am unsure if any of my favorite clit-ticklers were included...
We walk past the several rows of toys, many of which I cannot easily identify with a quick glance, and head for the clothing and lingerie. Tim browses the selections, stopping occasionally to pull a teddy or peignoir from the rack and hand it to me. We eventually have a collection of garments and head for the dressing rooms. Each cubicle has a curtain rather than a door, and Tim tells me to go in and try on some things so he can see how they look. I enter the little room and close the curtain as best I can. It is quickly apparent the curtain is not wide enough to cover both sides of the opening. I work the drape a moment more to try and give myself as much privacy as possible, but soon give up and decide to try a black teddy first. Through the cracks on either side of the curtain I can see people moving around outside the changing area, both men and women browsing the selection of clothing and heading for the other cubicles. I quickly unbutton my blouse and then unzip the skirt, leaving me nude except for my shoes. I step into the teddy and begin to bring it up my legs when I glance through the crack and see a stranger looking back! He makes no attempt to hide the fact that he can see me dressing, and continues to size me up. I reach for the curtain to close it tightly, but realize it is useless—it's just not wide enough to cover. Moving the curtain to one side opens the other even more. I give up and finish dressing, blushing deeply as I do. I note that the teddy covers my pussy and tits, but only in a lacy, filmy way. I call out softly to Tim, "ready", and expect him to poke his head in for a look.
Instead, Tim pulls the curtain wide open, exposing me fully to my peeper. But he's not alone. Several other men, and a couple of women, are nearby and turn to look. I start to cover my crotch and breasts, but Tim says, "Let them look. You are definitely worth looking at." I blush some more, drop my hands, and look at the floor to avoid the stares of my audience. Tim has me turn a 360 for him so he may see both the front and back, nods appreciatively and says, "that's a keeper. OK, next outfit."
I begin to pull the curtain shut again, but Tim says, "leave it open. They've seen most of you, anyways." I am blushing deeply and begin to protest, but his look cuts me short. I turn my back to the gathering crowd and pull the straps of the teddy off my shoulders, then slide the fabric down to my hips. I quickly finish the motion by pushing the garment past my ass, crouching a little to bring it down to my feet. I hear several intakes of breath as my cheeks are presented for the waiting crowd.
I quickly grab another outfit, this time a red camisole and pair of tap pants. I step into the pants with my back still to the crowd, then toss the camisole over my head. I then turn and present myself to Tim. Even though this outfit is not nearly as revealing as the first, the crowd watching the show still seem appreciative for what they are seeing.
I slowly turn several times and with that, he says, "next, please."
I find that I am beginning to warm a little to the idea of being the focus of the crowd's attention. I begin to pull the top off, once again with my back to the crowd, but stop just below my breasts and ask over my shoulder, "what would you like to see next?"
"The gown," Tim replies.
I decide to tease a bit and drop the camisole back to my waist, then grab the peignoir and pull it over my current outfit. The fabric is long and flowing, and practically see-through. I turn to the crowd and cock my hip, moving my arms with a "ta-da" flourish.
Tim smiles and says, "nice, but I think it would look better without the undergarments."
"Fuck yeah," says my peeper. "Let's see some tits and ass, honey"
Tim smiles and says, " you heard the man."
I look down to the floor and in my best innocent voice say, "if you would like, sir."
I remove the robe, camisole and tap pants, still facing away from the crowd. I return the peignoir to my shoulders and turn to face Tim, not bothering to tie it shut. My pussy is on full display for my admirers.
My peeper speaks up again. "Holy shit...what a body! How much to take her to my car and fuck her?"
Tim smiles again and says, "she's not for sale...at least right now. Maybe later. However, she does have one more item to try on. Perhaps your memories of what you see tonight will help you relive your stress later. Karen, last item please."
I am shaking with relief that Tim has not sold me to another man—that is way beyond even what I had fantasized about. I quickly remove the robe and reach for the last item—a corset. The garment sits just above my hips and ends just below my tits, so I will be completely exposed to my audience. I hold the corset to my stomach, my back to the crowd, and Tim steps forward to lace it. As he completes the task, he runs his finger down the crack of my ass to my pussy, then back up again.
He leans close to my ear and says, "still wet, I see. Do you want me to give you to him? Will that satisfy your need to cum?"
I look to the floor and shake my head no. I know, however, that this show, that being the center of attention for strange men and women, and the fact that I have sexually thrilled them has been an incredible rush to me. I have never been exposed to others, but now I realize what I've been missing. The power of having others under my spell is an incredible rush, and I think we'll have to do more of this when I this weekend is over. In the back of my mind I imagine my audience pulling their cocks out and stroking to my show, or the women reaching down to their pussies and fingering themselves. This is so slutty, and I love it!
Tim chuckles softly and says, "too bad. In your condition, I think you'd enjoy it. But I'll honor your request for now. Let's just show them what you've got and call it even."
With that, Tim steps away from me, takes my hand, and turns me to the crowd. My tits and trimmed thatch are on display for all who wish to look. He turns me again so my ass is exposed, framed by the corset riding above it. I again raise my hands above my head in my best presentation pose. My peeper tries one more time and says, "are you sure she's not up for a little fun?"
Tim shakes his head and says, "not tonight. Who knows about tomorrow?" He shows me a brief smile and says, "OK, you can get dressed now. Time to go."
I quickly remove the corset and throw my skirt and top back on, not bothering to close the curtain. Tim instructs me to take the garments with me and turns to walk towards the register.
As we pass the toy section, he stops and grabs what appears to be a short dildo from a rack. It looks like he has more plans for my pussy.
Tim pays for the items, lifting my skirt and caressing my ass while the clerk rings everything up. I feel the cool air on my cheeks and know that once again I am exposed to all watching. I enjoy this display, my moral sensibilities taking a vacation for the weekend. I love giving the bad girl in me a chance to play.