Dave was a junior executive at his company but he never seemed to get his break. He did a good job, but it seemed he was passed over for promotion. What's worse, he saw the showboats, the guys who didn't work half as hard as he did, get the fast track to success. They acted like winners and they were treated that way. Dave tried to be more assertive but you can tell when a mouse is roaring vs when a lion is roaring.
Dave received modest promotions and raises but he was never going to get rich that way. It was time for a big promotion.
It was almost time for the big spring convention and he was looking forward to maybe catching the eye of one of the bigwigs since they hobnobbed a little more than usual at these events. It wasn't unusual at all for one of the VP's to sit at the booth with you and chit chat a little between potential clients.
They sold outdoor furniture, among a few other things, but that was their main line. It wasn't his dream job but Dave was happy there. If only he could get his break.
You'd think his wife would enjoy the week-long trip but she merely tolerated it. It was in Des Moines, so even though it was a large city, there really wasn't anything to do. She'd go shop a little, but their budget didn't allow for or extravagant shopping or spa treatment. It was just a week away from her comfortable bed, in a town she didn't know or like, with a husband who wasn't there most of the time.
There were a few company dinners she was required to attend, but for the most part Dave entertained potential clients by himself in the evenings. He would come back to the apartment wiped out from the long day and most of the time he would be drunk. That meant no conversation, and certainly no sex.
Kelli didn't mind that so much. The passion had left their relationship long ago. She still looked great, but that was for her ego and love of exercise, not for any desire to look good for him. They didn't disagree or fight really, they just existed.
Kelli was packed and ready, but she wasn't super excited about the trip.
The flight was a short and uneventful one and the shuttle was easy to locate. They didn't rent a car because Dave was going to be drunk most nights and would need someone to drive him back to the hotel anyway. The first year they had tried a rental and Kelli had the daily job of retrieving the rental car from whatever watering hold Dave had visited on the prior night and bringing it back to the convention center for him. Then she'd either need to wait around for him to take her back to the hotel after the show closed for the night or take a cab back to the hotel. The company wouldn't pay for her cab fare so she ended up having to be at the show with him. She laid down the law after that and said he should just take a cab everywhere.
The other men didn't seem to have that problem. Maybe they knew when to stop, maybe they had more alcohol tolerance, hell, maybe they were just more of a man than him, but Dave was the only one getting falling-down drunk. It didn't help his sales, but he was just so damn nervous that it seemed like a good idea to get the client drunk and hope for the best. Every once in a while he got lucky and found a client who was more of a lightweight than he was and he could get them drunk before he was too drunk to get the contract signed.
Day One.
Kelli needed to make an appearance at the show and at least pretend she found their work interesting. She would spend the day roaming around and gathering brochures from competitors of theirs. Sometimes she found some good information but most of the time it was just blah blah blah to her.
Many of the trophy wives were already there and they looked great. Some of the others were milling about as well trying to hide their boredom. Kelli smiled at everyone and did her best to appear friendly without actually having to talk to anyone.
Kelli had a little run in with the "mean girls" in the wife group a while back and she was still nervous about that relationship. She corrected one of the trophy wives on a minor point in a story she was telling and they took it very personally.
When everyone had arrived, the president gathered them around for a pep talk or huddle and ended it by telling the wives, and a few husbands of female employees, to make sure to go by the Comfort Time booth and waste as much of their time as possible. This got a big laugh from everyone.. They were the biggest rivals Dave's company had. They knew several of the people that worked there by name since they frequently ran into them in sales calls.
They played a little dirtier than most companies so Dave hated them. He'd drive to a sales call, waste an hour of his time pitching them, then find out that one of the guys from Comfort Time was taking the guy to a titty bar that night. Dave didn't have the expense account to compete with gifts and perks like that.
That was one of the first places that Kelli went. She really didn't expect, well, I don't think anyone expected, what they saw when they turned the corner. It was a crowd three deep gathered around the Comfort Time booth.
When Kelli got close enough, she saw what was causing the crowd. It was a girl lounging on the chairs in a bikini. There was a beautiful pitcher of lemonade. There was sand on the floor. It looked like a perfect summer day.
Kelli saw the men taking their turn laying down on the lounger next to the beautiful girl and listening to her give her talk. She would smile and bat her eyes and put on lotion while she talked to them. They would drink their freshly-squeezed lemonade and imagine themselves enjoying their Comfort Time furniture. It was hardly original, but it was damn sure effective.
Kelli rushed back to the booth to tell Dave and the others. Several other spouses returned about the same time and they joined in the story. The bigwigs beat a hasty trail to the booth and verified it. They were going to get murdered by them.
They griped and grumbled and someone mentioned we should get our own model and fight fire with fire. Everyone agreed but I don't think anyone took it seriously. Someone said, "Why not have Kelli do it?"
Kelli whipped her head around at the sound of her name. Cathy was a grade A bitch. She gave Kelli a little smirk but no one else saw it because every eye in the place was on her. They weren't seriously considering this, were they?
The men, and women, eyed her from head to toe, and yes, stopped to focus on her boobs. Every person there took a good look at her boobs and given them a grade. Kelli was in shorts a little above the knee and a tight knit shirt so they got a pretty good look. She wished she could go slap that smirk off Cathy's face.
Why wasn't anyone talking, or saying what a dumb idea that was? Cathy held her gaze expecting Kelli to back down, to admit she didn't look good enough or was too scared to be that sexy. Or maybe she was expecting Kelli to say no and then she could do it instead. That way she got to put down Kelli and have an excuse for acting like a whore.
Before she really thought it through, Kelli said, "Ok. If it helps the company...?" She added that last bit to try and salvage some dignity. She couldn't believe she had been taunted into doing this.
People that had previously dismissed her thinking she would never say yes, now appraised her frankly and added their approval. Dave had gone white at the first mention of it, but when the good old boys started clapping him on the back in congratulations, he glowed in their praise.
They quickly divvied up some errands to get everything they would need and sent the drivers on their way. Kelli was ushered back to an office tp quickly learn a few phrases to spout to interested parties. It seemed like only a few minutes had passed when a knock sounded at the door and they announced "It's ready."
One of the assistants burst into the room carrying a sack. The handed the bag of bikinis to Kelli and motioned behind the rolling whiteboard. Kelli took the bag behind it and began to sort through the options.
Oh. Oh wow. Not that one. Oh fuck, this one is even smaller. She couldn't believe her eyes, these were bikinis that would make Brazilians blush. She found one that looked like it might have a bit more coverage than the others and got ready to try it. The white board covered her top half well enough, but it only went an inch or two below her butt cheeks. This presented a problem.
\
The handful of people on the other side watched as she kicked off her shoes, dropped her shirt on the floor, unbuttoned her shorts and let them slide down her sexy legs, then paused. A little later the bra joined the rest of the floor. It was a red lacy number that didn't go unnoticed. In fact, this impromptu strip tease had caused more than one boner in the room. Imagining someone stripping does the trick.
Kelli looked at the bottom of the board and verified, yes, if she dropped her panties she would still be covered. She stuffed her soft round boobs into the small top and held the bottoms and thought how she would do this.
She tried to balance on one foot and dangle the bottoms in a way that she could slip a leg into the opening but the moving target was too difficult. If she bent her knee to make it easier, it would definitely lower her ass enough to be seen under the edge of the whiteboard. She thought about asking them to turn around or leave the room, but finally decided to just do it quickly and hope no one saw.
On the other side, they all watched the somewhat anonymous strip show but were puzzled about what was taking so long. They were rewarded with the sight of her round full butt cheeks momentarily dropping below the line of the whiteboard and quickly popping back up.
Kelli twirled around a little bit looking at herself and trying to imagine how she must look to them. She tried to spread the tiny triangles of fabric to cover herself a little more, but there wasn't much to work with. She tried to think of a way to get out of this but there really wasn't any way now.
She stepped around the corner so they could see her.
Kelli saw the eyes go wide and they gave her even more scrutiny this time. Everyone in the room looked at her tits, her flat stomach, her round ass, and her slim toned legs. Kelli kept up a year-round tan and had shaved smooth as a baby before the flight this morning. She had anticipated being in a swimsuit at the hotel and the need to trim things up, but she never dreamed she'd be examined in this detail.
Her toenails were perfect as well. Everyone was surprised that shy quiet little Kelli made a pretty good slut.
"Here, chug this" a drink was shoved into Kelli's hand and she did as they asked. It was a Screwdriver, probably triple the normal strength, but no one wanted her to show the nerves she had earlier. She forced it down and braced herself. It was show time.
The floor was cold on her feet, and while it did wonders for her nipples, it wasn't very comfortable. "Oh yeah" someone said and placed a pair of 4" heels near her. It wasn't what she had in mind, but even these ridiculous shoes were welcome against the cold floor.
Kelli looked left and right, I don't know who she thought she was looking for or what good it would do if she saw them. Realizing the same thing, Kelli gulped down another gulp from the drink, (which had been replenished for her), tossed her long blond hair, straightened her back and she began to strut down the hallway.
Kelli didn't know she knew how to walk like a porn star until then. Maybe it's something she was born with. Maybe it's something she picked up watching hour after hour of porn by herself. Wherever she learned it, she did it like a pro. Kelli made a pretty good slut.
Kelli was mortified but she thought, "Your fate is sealed. There is no way out of this. You can be shy and look stupid in front of all these people, most of them strangers, or you can act like you're the hottest bitch in here." Kelli couldn't help but notice the boners when she had emerged in the whiteboard room so maybe she didn't look so bad. She knew she was fit from all the Zoomba, Yoga and treadmill she did. She knew she had a flawless tan. She knew she was pretty. Hell, maybe I am the hottest bitch in here.
Whether it was the Vodka talking or not, Kelli more sex in her strut as she walked down the hall with her little group. When she emerged from the hallway, the crowd parted in silence to let her by. When she was about 40 feet past them, she stopped, turned around, then curled her finger in that, "Come here loverboy" motion and the crowd did as they were told. Like the pied piper, she led the spellbound boys to her company's booth.
Clack, clack, clack. The sharp sound of her stilettos cut through the buzz of the crowd. When she got within sight of the booth, the people from her company turned and gasped. The girl walking their way bore no resemblance to the normal girl who had left here hours ago. Kelli saw the above ground pool that had been hastily setup and she went to it.
She climbed up the short set of stairs very aware of the way her ass would be swaying side to side. She slipped off one shoe and pointed her foot, dipping it in the water. "Oooh", she mock-shivered and turned around to mug for the crowd.
"Do it!" "Get in!" the crowd hooted and called to her.
"Whatever you boys say" Kelli replied in her best Marilyn Monroe. She dived in with a big splash and did a few laps before rising to the top. When she popped up and shook the water from her hair, there wasn't a person within view who wasn't focused on her. Kelli climbed out and dropped onto the lounger.
She patted the empty seat next to her and said, "Any of you want to talk about this NoSlip furniture set?" Kelli winged it for most of the day, but toward the end of the day, one of the guys put up a sign. ENJOY KELLI AT THE TOP OF EACH HOUR, their way of saying she would be performing her "act" every hour.
Sales were amazing and at the end of the day, the president came by and hugged her. A little more tightly and a little longer than she was comfortable with, but when he slipped the ten fresh, crisp, hundred-dollar bills in her hand, she squealed with glee and returned the hug. This gave him a big grin and unless she was badly mistaken, a big boner.
The imprint her wet, almost naked body had made on his suit faded quickly but the memory remained with both of them.
Kelli wasn't surprised when her phone buzzed and it was Dave saying he would be late tonight and to not wait up. She went back to their hotel room and got comfortable.
She had changed back into her shorts and golf shirt at the convention center but now, she was in a silk robe. It wasn't hard to undo the sash and reach her throbbing pussy when the video began playing. She had surprised herself by searching for "Exhibitionist Gang Bang" but she couldn't argue with the results. She was horny as fuck.
Dave found himself a very popular boy that night. Man after man told him how awesome it was that his wife had volunteered to save the day. When they told him how hot she was, he soon stopped blushing and now joked back with them about how hot her tits had looked. They all told him how lucky he was and he lived it up. He imagining they all thought he was fucking her hard and often.
The clients loved him too. Many of them mentioned how they would have to set another meeting when they get back home and look at some big contracts. Dave couldn't agree quickly enough and even agreed to their request to meet at his home. It seemed an innocent enough request.
Some said they didn't go out on the town much, but if his lovely wife wouldn't mind inviting them to a home-cooked meal that would really be great. Some said they didn't like staying in big impersonal hotels.
The alpha's in the group could smell the blood in the water. They knew there was no way a sissy boy like Dave was all she wanted. Even if she wasn't cheating on him yet, a body and an attitude like that wasn't meant for a guy like Dave.
Day Two.
The next day started much like the first, but more orderly. Everyone knew what was going to happen and they went about it like business. The assistants told her what things she said or did yesterday that got a rise out of the crowd, pun intended. Soon a routine of sorts was developed and she went out and performed it on the hour.
The liquor was still there and now her nerves were gone so it didn't bother Kelli that the remaining bikinis were smaller than the one before. She went back to her room, went behind the whiteboard and changed with no hesitation. The ass flash was longer this time and there were a few more guys in the room this morning. Kelli didn't notice it at the time because she really hadn't counted before.
The men who had seen her naked ass yesterday talked of course, and most of those so informed found a way to be there and see it. They could see almost all of it in the bikini, but there was something really hot about seeing it naked.
Kelli started each show with that signature strut up the ladder and dive. At the 2:00 performance, she popped up, shook her hair loose and began the climb out of the pool but a flash of black in the pool caught her eye.
It was her bikini top slowly turning and swirling as it settled to the bottom of the pool. Her eyes popped open wide and she dived again to retrieve it. The screams from the crowd were deafening.
Kelli emerged from the water and ran her finger across her other forefinger in that "Naughty naughty" move. There was no way she could talk to all the men who lined up to visit her before it was time to start the next show.
Kelli had ignored Dave when he stumbled in late last night but today he couldn't wait to tell her how well he was doing. The sales were just rolling in! Kelli was a good girl and didn't remind him it had more to do with her tits than his sales ability. She smiled and told him that was wonderful.
At the 5:00 show, a big swaggering Texan had joined her on the outdoor grouping she was demonstrating and when she began to reach for the suntan lotion, he had grabbed it first and said, "I'll help with that."
Kelli was about to brush him off, set him straight, but she was saved when one of the salesmen jumped to her side. She was relieved that she wouldn't have to be the one to do it. She was worried he might be a big deal or something.
The salesman said, "Hey Bob, how about we sign that contract first?" "Bob" looked at him, looked at me, and roared with laughter.
He shook his head good-naturedly and said, "You boys got me hooked good" and he scribbled his name on the proffered paper.
Kelli was about to object, but a whispered voice in her ear said, "That was a fifty thousand dollar sale" and Kelli got it. Play along, he's a big shot.
She rolled over and said, "Knock yourself out Bob" Bob rubbed her back and legs and didn't get shy when it was time to coat her ass or between her legs. Kelli thought it was about to get out of hand when the bell dinged, marking the end of the show. Time to get ready for the next one. The last one of the day. Kelli was saved by the bell.
At the end of the day, when Kelli saw the president coming her way, she surprised him by jumping up in a hug and wrapping her legs around him. When he lowered her, she held out her hand and the crowd bellowed in laughter. Kelli didn't count it until she got back to the room but she knew it was a thicker envelope than before. It was $2000.00.
She received the expected text from Dave and Kelli was relieved. That meant she could start the porn right away. She had been chomping at the bit waiting on his text.
She searched again for Exhibitionist Gang Bang, but the choice that caught her eye was "Bukake Wife." She didn't even try to quiet her scream when she came. She didn't care who knew. She was so horny. Kelli was becoming a good slut.
Day three.
Kelli went directly to the dressing room and was surprised that there wasn't a whiteboard in the room today. Her bikini was laid out for her and the bottom only had a string back on it, a piece of ass floss. Kelli thought about it a bit and shrugged, what's the difference really? So she turned her back on the room and put on the bikini.
Reg couldn't believe the change in Kelli. He had known Dave for a lot of years and had been to their house on more than one occasion, but he never, ever saw Kelli act this way. Her hot little tits were something to die for and her round firm ass were phenomenal. He looked at her just like the rest of them did today. And he wished he could fuck her.
When she dropped her panties it was all he could do not to go grab them and sniff away. Instead he watched as she wiggled into the bikini. The back on it was just a string and the front showed a lot of boob. The bottom piece was so small in the front she had to be shaved bare. He thought about sticking his tongue in her hot little pussy, all free from hair and smooth for the licking. He found himself as hard as the rest of them.
At the sales meeting last night they had decided on a new plan. They were going to make appointments for Kelli. The signup sheet was already at the booth so when the group made the walk from the changing room to the booth, there was already a crowd and already a list. Her entourage briefed her again on the things that went over well yesterday so she could update her act. She was a little surprised when they said, "Be sure to repeat the 5:00 performance. We're going to save that for our best clients."
By "the 5:00 performance", she knew they meant losing her top. She had cum hard last night thinking about showing her tits to all those strangers. She wondered how many of them came thinking about her. Hopefully lots of them.
She didn't have any problem doing it again. In fact, she had trouble waiting until then to do it.
Kelli splashed into the water and quickly removed her top. She came out of the water and gave the guys her biggest smile, making sure her boobs were well above the edge of the pool. Then she squealed in mock horror and dived back into the water.
She threw the top on and in a last minute decision, pulled one edge of it down a little so a little hint of pink showed. She knew every one of them was going to see it. She imagined them pressing close, close enough to see the sliver of her areola, and she smiled.
Rob, the president, brought a client to see her after the show. His eyes locked on her tits and Kelli knew he had seen the bait. Rob introduced the client and said he had insisted on meeting her since she had done such a fabulous job.
"And to tell you I loved your hooters" he added. Well, he wasn't exactly a poet, but that was ok. Kelli feigned a blush and said, "Oh, you saw that?"
"Oh yeah, but not well enough." His New York, Boston, some kind of New England accent was making him seem all the more obnoxious to Kelli, but she recognized how important this must be to Rob so she smiled back at them.
"Well, it's a tiny little top so it was bound to happen if I jumped around enough."
"Yah, but Rob says it always happens at the 5:00 show. Does it happen any other time?"
Kelli hadn't known they were telling anyone about that. She thought they were all pretending it was an accident.
"Does it happen any other time? How about now?" and Kelli lifted the bottom edges of her bikini top and her boobs jumped out. Kelli gave him a good 5 seconds to stare at them and then she wiggled her chest to make them shake a little. She giggled and put the top back on before he got any ideas.
Rob nodded at her and she knew she had done well. She noticed his eyes on her boobs when she did the flash. Rob saw it all. Kelli wondered what tonight's envelope would hold.
When Rob came to the booth at the end of the night he didn't talk to her. He gave some instructions to the sales team and a few of the assistants, then left again. Kelli waited around a little bit but when they started closing down the booth she had no choice but to leave. What the hell?
Kelli was waiting out front for a cab when a limo pulled up. They pulled up right next to her and she thought, "What an asshole."
She started to walk away a bit where a cab could see her, instead of being blocked by the limo. As she turned to walk, the window rolled down and Kelli heard Rob's voice, "Kelli, get in. Stars don't ride in cabs!"
Kelli didn't have to act excited to see him, she giggled and almost jumped into the door when it opened. It was just the two of them, and a bottle of champagne. He poured for them. When Kelli had finished hers, he refilled it, turned toward her and said, "Kelli, I really appreciate what you've been doing for us."
"Thank you, Rob. It's been fun."
"I was hoping you'd say that." Rob reached over and lifted her left boob out of her top. Kelli nearly choked on her drink but recovered in time. She wasn't sure what to do. Doing nothing was the same as saying go for it. Either way, Rob knew what to do.
He lifted her sweet little breasts and caressed them. Sheesh, Kelli hadn't been felt up in the back of a car since high school but here she was. And she liked it.
His strong confident hands felt so good on her long-ignored breasts. As she sat there, eyes firmly closed she felt him roll her nipples between his thumb and finger. When she felt him stop, she opened her eyes and saw why he had stopped. He was unzipping his pants.
Kelli looked up at the driver for help but Rob misunderstood her. "He's seen plenty of cocks sucked in the limo before" thinking Kelli was embarrassed. Kelli saw the thick cock flop into view and watched helplessly as it began to stiffen.
Kelli knocked back the last of her drink and handed him the glass. Then she got down in the floor of the limo to suck his cock.
Kelli kept a pretty good buzz going all day, her helpers saw to that, but she couldn't blame this on that, or the champagne. This was her wanting to suck his cock and loving the way he got what he wanted. It didn't hurt any that he had a big dick.
When her hand closed around him she saw felt him inhale and stiffen slightly. His body that is. His cock was stiffening more than slightly... She played with it for a while, but she wanted to suck him off, like she was told. She leaned forward between his legs and took him in her mouth.
Her tongue swirled around he bulbous head and she hollowed her cheeks sucking the long shaft. He swept her hair to one side and watched her. He wasn't disappointed. She was a good slut.
She worked his skin up and down with her spit-wetted hands and took him in as deeply as she could. She wasn't surprised when he grabbed the back of her head and began ramming her head down on his thick long dick.
He was choking her and they both loved it. She gasped and drew a breath and them immediately plunged her head back on it. She wanted the hot rush of cum he had for her. She wanted to swallow every hot dirty drop of it.
He was willing to accommodate her and he began to erupt into her greedy mouth. She felt and tasted the hot goo as it poured into her throat and mouth. Kelli tried to take it as deep as she could so the cum squirted right into her throat. She imagined how it looked as his milky seed coated her throat and mouth.
She sucked until he removed his hand from her head and she allowed him to pull out of her mouth. His wet red cock was coated in her spit and his cum. She leaned forward to lick it dry and he allowed it. She looked up into his eyes as in, "What now?" but he only reached into his pocket and gave her that familiar envelope. It was $3000.00, the same as last night.
But wait, there was another envelope inside there. She pulled this out and saw it had $1000.00 in it. On the outside of the envelope it said, Thanks for sucking my cock slut."
Kelli looked back at him but he was dialing his cell phone. Kelli felt the limo stop and the driver opened his door. He only gave Kelli the slightest of glances as she emerged from the door he opened. He had seen lots of blow jobs in the back of his limo.
Kelli hadn't changed tonight so she walked into the hotel lobby in her bikini. She was barely aware of the stares but they were there. The taste of cum was still strong in her mouth when she opened her door and stumbled inside in a haze.
He had written that on the envelope before it happened. Before she even got in the limo. He had known she would do it. He had known she was a, she looked at the envelope, a cocksucking slut.
And she loved it.
Tonight she didn't wait for Dave's text, she pulled her bottoms to the side and slipped a finger inside her wet pussy. When she had satisfied her immediate need, she washed her hands and opened her laptop. Tonight she searched for Fucking the boss and she wasn't disappointed. Her second orgasm was while she watched that. Even afterward as she lay naked under the cool sheets her mind replayed the images of the video and the limo back to her in exquisite detail.
This has got to be the best week of her life.
(Things change on the next day so be sure to check out Part 2.)