Like most people, when the pandemic started I didn't go out much, and when I did, like when I needed to go grocery shopping for example, I wore a mask and practiced social distancing. I also started working from home, the irony of that being I had just moved into a new apartment two months earlier to be closer to my job. Instead of having to commute an hour across town, I could now literally walk to work in less than half the time. Now, I sat in my apartment and did all my work remotely.
I'm part of the IT department for a major tech corporation. I'm the guy people call when they can't figure out why their computers aren't working correctly. Part of my day was spent running from department to department fixing computer problems for my coworkers. The rest of my day was spent fixing bugs in the system, checking existing programs to make sure they were still working properly, watching YouTube (I had to do something when all my work was done), and shooting the breeze with my coworkers.
But now working from home meant I had a lot more spare time. If my coworkers needed me, they'd IM me for help and I'd facetime/zoom with them to help fix whatever problems they had. I still had to work bugs out of the system and make sure the system still worked the way it was supposed to, only now I could do it in my underwear. Most of my downtime was spent watching TV, playing video games, cleaning up my apartment, and my new favorite hobby, people watching.
I lived on the top floor of an apartment building in the middle of the city, so there was always something going on down on the street. I dug out the binoculars my father had given me for my birthday a few years back and would watch the people walking by on the sidewalk 15 floors below.
After the first week or so, I started peeking into the apartments of the buildings across the street. Most of the apartments had their shades closed almost all the time, and the few that didn't I couldn't really see anything. I was about to give up and just go back to watching the pedestrians.
Then I saw her.
How did I not notice her before? She lived directly across the street from me, on the top floor of her building and with a direct line of sight from my apartment to hers. I guess when I still went into the office, I would get up, go through my normal morning routine and head off to work. Then when I got home at the end of the day, I'd be tired and would just change out of my work clothes, eat dinner, watch TV or surf the web and go to bed. On the weekends I was either out with my friends, or glued to the TV or computer. All that time and somehow I never so much as glanced over to her apartment.
I saw her purely by accident, as I was getting dressed to make a run to the supermarket, I glanced out the window and spotted her through the slats in my blinds. Her blinds were also open just enough that I could clearly see her, bent over, drying herself off after a shower. For some reason I was frozen in place. Over the years I've seen plenty of naked women and I had often joked to myself when I first started trying to spy on my neighbors that maybe I'd get lucky and catch some hot girl naked. No such luck... until now.
I grabbed my binoculars and keeping the blinds slightly closed I focused on her. She had long black hair that hung about halfway down her back, and had the most perfect pair of tits I have ever seen in my life. I could feel the blood flowing to my cock as she stood up. I adjusted the zoom on my binoculars to try and get a closer look. She turned away from me to show off an ass so tight it looked like you could bounce a quarter off it. She disappeared into her bathroom for a moment and emerged a few moments later giving me a look at the full monty. I adjusted the zoom again to see that she was absolutely gorgeous. If I had to guess her age, I'd peg her in her early 30's like myself. I just couldn't get over her body, though.
It was perfect, words can't do it justice, as I mentioned her tits were absolutely perfect, I couldn't guess the size, but they weren't too big or too small, and fit the rest of her body perfectly, her waist and hips were perfect as well, and her legs hid a shaved pussy between them. She frowned at something, turned to go back into the bathroom, showing off that taut ass again, and returned to the bedroom giving me another flash of her magnificent body. She walked over to her dresser, got dressed and then left the bedroom. I lowered the binocs, my heart beating hard in my chest. I saw her move into her living room, grab a jacket, mask and her keys as she left.
"Well that was nice." I said out loud.
I went on with my day with her firmly at the back of my mind. That night as I logged off my computer for the night I glanced out the window and saw her bedroom light come on. The blinds were still partially open. I turned my bedroom lights off and grabbed my binoculars hoping for a second show.
She didn't disappoint. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, pulling her shoes off, and stood up, went into the bathroom, and came out a few moments later pulling her shirt off. I put my binoculars on full 24x zoom so it was like I was standing right outside her window. She pulled her bra off next to again show off her perfect tits, then the pants and panties went. I watched her ass sway as she walked back into the bathroom. I waited patiently as she was apparently taking another shower, and focused on her when she finally exited the bathroom, towel wrapped around her. She took a moment to grab something to wear and pulled the towel off to dry herself. Again I found myself mesmerized despite having seen more than my fair share of naked women in my life.
I don't know what it was about her. Maybe it's because she had no idea I was watching her, and I was seeing something that I wasn't supposed to see. Maybe it's because she had always been there and I had just never noticed in the two months I'd lived there, whatever it was, I was drawn to her like a moth to a flame. I watched as she casually dried herself off, then pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Into the bathroom again, and then back to the bedroom. This time she walked over to the window, glanced out for a moment making me thankful I had left the bedroom light off, then closed the blinds.
"Goddamn," was all I could say. Then I looked at her silhouette moving around behind the blinds. "Thank you."
The next morning I peeked over to her place, but the blinds were still drawn. I managed to forget about her for a few hours while I did some work fixing a computer glitch, and decided to peek out the window. Due to the angle of the sun, the glare on her windows made it impossible for me to see anything in her apartment, but I could tell the blinds were open. I made it a point to check in on her at about the same time as the previous night.
"Showtime," I said when the time came. I headed into my bedroom keeping the lights off again, and grabbed my binoculars. She came into the bedroom with her phone to her ear, and she was laughing, of course I instantly wondered who she was talking to, and what her voice sounded like. Why was I so obsessed with her? She sat on the edge of her bed, pulled off her sneakers and socks, and then ended the call. She tossed her phone on the bed, and pulled her shirt off, followed by her bra. Instantly I got hard, and I dropped my shorts and slowly started stroking my cock. I could only watch as she shimmied out of her pants and panties. She walked over to her dresser, bent over to pull something out of a drawer showing off that magnificent ass of hers.
Then she headed into the bathroom to take her shower. While she was in there, I continued slowly masturbating. I imagined I was a fly on the wall in her bathroom, watching her run her hands over that incredible body as she washed up. Then I added myself to the equation, appearing in the shower behind her, my hard cock pressing into her firm ass, and my hands sliding around to the front of her body to grab those gorgeous tits of hers. Man, what I wouldn't do to get my hands on them in real life.
Eventually she emerged from the shower and the same scenario played out, she dried herself off, oblivious to the fact that I was a) watching her, and b) pleasuring myself to the sight. She pulled on the shorts and t-shirt combo again, and walked over to the window to glance down at the street. For just a moment I could see her nipples poking through her shirt, then she closed the blinds.
I backed up to my bed, lay down, closed my eyes and finished myself off as I imagined I was fucking her. It was one of the most satisfying orgasms I'd ever given myself.
For the next two weeks I watched her. Her blinds were closed most of the morning and afternoon, but opened later in the day when there was too much glare for me to be able to see anything. Every night she'd go into her routine at about the same time. Enter the bedroom, strip, shower, dry off, get dressed, look out the window, draw the blinds and eventually lights out. All the while oblivious to the fact that I was watching her, sometimes stroking my cock.
Then one night she looked out the window before closing the blinds, and she looked directly at me. I didn't masturbate every night I watched her, and this was thankfully one of the nights I decided not to. It didn't make it any less embarrassing that I got caught, though. She squinted for a moment, and then her eyes went wide, I felt my blood run cold and my heart started hammering so hard in my chest it felt like my whole body was vibrating in time to my increased heart rate.
She snapped the blinds closed.
"SHIT!" I said, lowering the binoculars. I didn't get it, how did she see me with the lights off? "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit."
But then I noticed she opened the blinds again. I put the binoculars up to my eyes, and she was looking over at me again. Then she did something I did not expect.
She smiled.
She looked right at me and smiled. When she smiled it made her already beautiful features shine that much more. She blew me a kiss and waved. In spite of the awkward situation I found myself waving back. She laughed and closed the blinds.
"What the fuck?" I asked myself as I watched her silhouette move around before she turned her lights out.
The next day, I checked on her to find all the blinds closed as usual. Well almost as usual, there was something in her bedroom window. I got the binoculars out, tucked into the bottom of her window was a note written in sharpie on a sheet of paper.
"8:00. Lights on."
Usually I started watching around 9. Now she was telling me to start watching an hour earlier. I went about my day as usual, wondering what 8pm would bring.
Finally at 8, I headed into the bedroom and turned the lights on. She appeared in her bedroom window and didn't just open the blinds, she pulled them up so I could see her without the slats in my way. She indicated that I should do the same. So I did. She grabbed a pair of her own binoculars as I grabbed mine.
She smiled at me again, and mouthed the word "Ready?"
I nodded.
She started dancing. I don't know if she had music on, or was dancing to the music in her head, but she was dancing around for me. She slowly pulled her shirt off and spun it around over her head and tossed it off to the side. She continued to dance for me, eventually undoing her bra. Keeping her back to me, she looked seductively over her shoulder and whipped it off. She turned to face me, her arms crossed over her chest, before slowly moving her hands. I couldn't believe my luck, I thought I was in deep shit when she caught me watching her. I was expecting her to flip me off instead of the smile, kiss and wave. Not only did she apparently not mind me watching, she wanted to put on a show for me! She danced around a bit more, playing with her tits as she did. Then she stopped and held up another sheet of paper.
"Your turn"
I wasn't much of a dancer. Hell, I wasn't a dancer at all. The last time I danced was at my friend's wedding a couple years ago, and it was only at the insistence of my date.
She waved her hand at me in the "get on with it" motion and grabbed her binoculars. Well, if that's what she wanted. I gyrated awkwardly before pulling my shirt off. I glanced over at her, she gave me a thumbs up. I'd always kept myself in pretty good shape. I never went on any kind of fitness kick or anything, I guess you could say I have an average build. I think I look pretty good if I do say so myself.
And it's my story, so I say so.
Anyway, after I "danced" and stripped to the waist, she mouthed the word "Nice." at me. I grabbed my binoculars and gestured at her as if to say "Go ahead."
She obliged and did another bit of dancing slowly teasing me as she worked her jeans off. She made another show of turning her back to me as she bent over and peeled them off, showing off her ass to me. I felt the blood rushing to my cock as she kicked her jeans off and danced around for a bit, now just wearing her thong panties.
Then it was my turn again. So I "danced" around before pulling off my pajama bottoms, leaving me in my tighty whities (well actually they were black, but you know what I mean). She gave me another thumbs up. Then she danced for me one final time, taking her time before finally peeling her panties off, keeping her hands in front of her shaved mound. She moved her hands away from her pussy slowly as if she were revealing it to me for the first time. In a way I guess she was, this was the first time she knew I was looking, so she was letting me see it clearly instead of me trying to get a peek while she was walking around.
Then it was my turn. So again I did what passed for dancing, and eventually my underwear came off and my rock hard cock popped into view. I glanced over, and even without the binoculars, I could tell her mouth was open in shock. I saw her mouth the words "Holy shit!" as I turned to the side so she could see my full eight inches sticking out from my body.
I grabbed my binoculars to see what her next move would be. She smiled at me again and seductively licked her fingers, and trailed them down to her tits, and gently started pinching and rubbing her nipples. My cock felt like it was hard enough to break rocks, as I watched her hands travel across her flat stomach to her shaved pussy. She spread her legs and started gently rubbing her pussy.
I grabbed my cock as I looked back up to her face to see her giving me a sultry look. I quickly scanned the apartments under her to make sure no one else was watching me, and it didn't look like anyone was. I turned my attention back to my new friend, she had grabbed her binoculars and was watching me intently.
So for several minutes we stood there, binoculars to our eyes, her hand rubbing and playing with her pussy, my hand stroking my hard cock. Locked in our own private exhibitionst/voyuer game fifteen stories up. I didn't know how much longer I could hold out, but I wanted to see if I could at least keep pace with her.
She started to move her hand faster and faster, and then looked down, looked back at me and I could clearly see her say "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" Then she threw her head back and her mouth opened wide. I didn't know if she was actually screaming or if it was a silent scream. Her knees buckled, and she slowly dropped to her knees, bracing herself on the windowsill with her free hand, almost dropping her binoculars.
I lost it when I saw that, and my cock twitched in my hand, and I came with a roar of pleasure, trying to keep focus on her, as she managed to pull her binoculars up to her eyes and watch me fire off several jets of cum, a couple of which actually hit my window, the rest covered my hand and dripped down onto the floor.
Once I was done and I could focus on her again, she had pulled herself up onto her bed and was sitting there watching me. Her face was flushed, but had a satisfied smile. She held up a finger and ran to the bathroom, I took a moment to grab some tissue and clean up. I suspect she was probably cleaning up herself as well. She returned a few moments later, still naked and held up another sheet of paper.
"Same time tomorrow?"
I gave her a thumbs up. She got absolutely giddy, literally jumping up and down clapping her hands, making her perfect tits bounce. She blew me a kiss, and I blew one back to her. She lowered and closed her blinds, and I followed suit, going to bed with a satisfied smile on my face.
For the next several weeks, this became our nightly routine. At 8 o'clock we'd be in our bedrooms, lights on. We'd strip and masturbate for each other. Despite being across the street from each other and having nothing other than visual cues to work from, we managed to almost always cum within seconds of each other. Sometimes I'd finish first, but mostly she would.
I enjoyed our nightly sessions, but I wanted something more.
As it turns out, so did she.
One night she came into the bedroom, and held up her phone along with a sheet of paper with her phone number on it and then looked expectantly at me. I grabbed my phone and dialed the number.
She smiled as the phone rang, and for the first time I heard her voice.
"Well hello handsome." she said.
"Hello yourself, gorgeous." I said.
"Ooh, I like your voice." she said.
"I like yours too. You sound exactly what I thought you would sound like, if that makes any sense." I said.
She frowned, "Is that good or bad?"
"Very good," I said. "So, before we go any further, I have some questions."
"Okay, fine, but I've got questions for you too."
"Fair enough. First of all, what's your name? We've been doing this for weeks. I'd at least like to have a name to go with the face."
She chewed on her pinky for a moment, "Well I don't see why not, we've already seen each other naked, there's nothing else to hide. I'm Alyssa."
"I always thought you looked more like a Jessie, at least that's the name I gave you in my head. But I like Alyssa better, it fits you perfectly." I said.
She laughed, "Thanks, my mom certainly thought so. So what's your name?"
"What do you think it is?" I asked.
She studied me for a moment, picking up her binoculars to get a better look at me. I offered her a cheesy grin.
"You look like a... Victor." she finally said.
"Nope," I said, "Not even close, it's Malcolm."
"Nice to meet you Malcolm." she said smiling. "Now it's my turn. How long were you spying on me before I noticed?"
"Two weeks," I confessed, I didn't see the point in lying to her. "Not that I was trying to."
I then told her all about my people watching activities, and how that turned into seeing if I could spy on the neighbors, and then spotting her purely by chance.
"You know it sounds a little creepy when you learn my nightly schedule." she said, but otherwise didn't seem put off by it.
"I thought the same thing, but of course I never thought I'd get caught." I admitted. "So my next question. How come you're so cool about this? I thought for sure when you caught me, you'd be pissed and flip me off or something."
Alyssa bit her lip and sat down on the edge of her bed. "Promise you won't laugh?"
"I promise." I said.
"I've never told anyone this before, and it's kind of embarrassing, but I don't know what it is, but I feel like I can open up to you." She said, "I used to be a stripper."
That explained the dancing.
"Well sort of... you see during my junior year in college, a friend of mine, she didn't have a job, but she always had money to buy new clothes, jewelry, shoes, whatever. So I asked her about it, and she confessed to me that she was dancing at a strip club in the next town over." She said, "It was about an hour drive, but she felt it was the safest way to avoid being found out by the teachers and other students."
I grabbed the chair from my computer desk to sit down so we could still see each other.
"She told me she pulled in anywhere from seven to eight hundred dollars a night. Some of the girls even raked in $1000 or more a night. Then she was like 'You've got a good body, you should try it', I was like 'No, I don't think so'. She eventually talked me into going with her one night. I figured what the hell, why not? So I went with her the next time she worked. I don't know what I was expecting, but it was a pretty nice place, and there weren't any whooping, hollering drunken idiots. A lot of the guys were watching intently, but weren't being obnoxious. That night she walked out of there with over $800."
I whistled, "Not bad for a night of shaking your ass."
She laughed, "That's what I thought, so I said, fuck it I'll give it a shot. I mean who couldn't use an extra few hundred bucks? She talked to the owner, and he agreed to let me try out. My friend lent me some of her outfits, taught me some basic moves, and a few days later we went back and I did a few sets, plus a couple of VIP room dances, and I walked out with a little over $500. After that I was hooked. So three nights a week, I shook my tits for guys who were probably old enough to be my father, and would make a little over $2000 a week. And I admit, sometimes I got a little turned on. So when I spotted you, I was freaked out at first, but then I said to myself 'Well, if he wants a show, I'll give him one', and that's when I decided to leave you the note."
"Well that explains why you danced for me. Did you actually have music playing?"
"Yeah, but it's my turn to ask you a question." she said. "How long have you lived there?"
I did some quick mental math, "About five months now, I moved in just before the pandemic started to be closer to my job. Fat lot of good that did me. Anyway, normally I'd be out of the house working or out with my friends which is why I probably never noticed you."
"So you moved in almost a year after I moved here." she said, "I'll admit though, when I first spotted you, I couldn't see you clearly since you had the light off. You're lucky you're good looking, otherwise I wouldn't have danced. I would have flipped you off and held up a sign that said "I hoped you enjoyed the show creep!" then permanently closed the blinds."
"Well, like I said, I thought that was what you were gonna do." I said, laughing. "Can I ask you something else?"
"Sure."
"How come someone as beautiful as you doesn't have a boyfriend?" I asked. "I mean I'm guessing you don't, or else you wouldn't be doing this with me."
"I had one, but he was a dick." she said, "He was a self-centered, controlling asshole. So I finally told him to kick rocks. He harassed me for weeks after we broke up, saying he was willing to give me a second chance."
"Oh, one of those." I said, laughing. "It's not MY fault, it's YOURS. But I'll be the bigger person and give you another chance."
"Yeah, so finally I told him if he didn't stop calling me, I'd get my new boyfriend - that I didn't have - to kick his ass." Alyssa said, "He stopped calling me after that. What about you? Obviously you wouldn't be spying on me if you had someone special in your life."
"A little different deal," I said, "My last girlfriend got a new job, unfortunately it required her to move halfway across the country. We still talk, but we both agreed that a long distance relationship wouldn't work, so we broke it off."
"There's another reason I wanted to call you," Jessie admitted.
"Oh? And what's that?" I asked.
"I don't just want to watch you, I want to hear you." she said. "A little audio to go with the visual."
"Phone sex?" I asked.
"This is the 21st century." she said smiling. "Video call."
We hung up and I initiated a video call. I made a mental note to give her my number before we ended things tonight. She answered the phone smiling at me. "Ooh, you're even better looking up close."
"You're just saying that because you've seen me naked." I joked.
"I'm serious," she said, "I really do think you're good looking."
"Thanks," I said smiling. "And now that I see you up close, you're not just beautiful, you're fucking gorgeous."
She blushed and smiled.
"Hey, quick question." I said. "I looked at the apartments under you to make sure no one else was watching me. Is anyone under me watching you?"
"Not that I can tell. Unless they're being sneaky like you were, but I'm not concerned with them. I'm concerned with you. You ready for this?"
"Go for it."
She moved around for a few moments, adjusting the phone so I could watch her from a different angle in the room, turned on some music and started the night's striptease. Hearing the music made it better. She played a lot to the camera, getting right in front of it when she pulled her bra off so the screen was filled with nothing but her gorgeous tits. When she stripped from the waist down, she again got right in front of the camera, and bent over showing off her perfect ass when her pants came off, and again when she pulled off her panties, making me wish I could reach through the phone and run my fingers along her sweet pussy.
When it came time for us to masturbate for each other, we moved to our beds and readjusted the phones. We started off slow like we always did, but it was so much nicer seeing things up close.
"God, I wish you were here so you could drive that hard cock into me like this." Alyssa said, plunging two fingers deep into her soaking wet pussy.
"Me too," I said, "I'd be so deep inside you, fucking you for all I was worth."
"You'd fuck me hard, right?" she said, already starting to furiously finger herself. "Because I like to be fucked hard."
"Oh, I'm gonna fuck you hard." I said, stroking my cock in time to her fingering. "I'm gonna fuck your goddamn brains out."
"Yes, Malcolm, fuck me. Slam your fucking cock into me... harder... like that, yeah."
"Like this?" I said, picking up the pace on my end, "You want me to fuck you hard like this? Is this what you want?"
"Yes," she whimpered, "Just like that! Give it to me!"
"Say it."
"Fuck me hard, please." she said, looking directly at me. "I want you to fuck the shit out of me! Give it to me!"
Despite the fact I was watching her on my phone screen, in my mind's eye, we were in my bed, and I was slamming my cock into her, and all our dirty talk was face to face.
"Fuck... I'm gonna... Jesus... already?" she gasped, "I'm... fuck... I'm cumming..."
Her body jerked and she screamed in pleasure and she... wait... did she just squirt? I lost it and exploded with a grunt of orgasmic pleasure. I had never been with a woman who could squirt before, well technically I still hadn't, but I had never seen a woman squirt before. I mean I've seen plenty of videos on the internet, but never in person. My cock throbbed and twitched in my hand as I shot several huge loads..
"Yeah, that's it, cum for me baby." she moaned, "Fill me up with that thick, sweet cum."
We lay in our respective beds for a few moments, catching our breath.
"Holy fuck." she gasped.
"That was..." I said.
"Intense?"
"Yeah... intense." I said, "And did you... did you fucking squirt?"
She held up her soaking wet fingers, and looked amazed herself. "Yeah, I did. Do you know how long it's been since I've done that?"
"Judging by your reaction I'm guessing quite a while." I said, grabbing a towel I kept handy for our nightly sessions.
"It's been at least a year," she said, grabbing a towel of her own, "After I broke up with the self-centered asshole I told you about, I dated a guy who was able to get me to squirt, although he only did it twice. Since then, well, I haven't had any dates what with the current situation and all. I rarely squirt when I masturbate, and on the rare occasions I do, it's never that intense."
"Should I feel honored?"
Despite the situation, Alyssa laughed as she wiped her fingers clean, "Considering you got me to squirt without even touching me, yeah."
"Maybe one day I'll get to do it in person." I said, "I've never been with a woman who could squirt."
"Maybe one day." she said, winking at me.
We changed from our phones to a zoom call the next night, so we could see each other better on our computer screens than the small screens of our phones. For the next two weeks we made this our new routine. We'd make small talk for a few minutes, then she'd fire up the music, and we'd strip for each other. Then once we started masturbating for each other we'd talk dirty as if we were actually fucking each other.
Then one night when we connected, Alyssa had a serious look on her face instead of her usual smile.
"Malcolm, I can't do this anymore." she said.
I felt a ball of ice form in my stomach. I hoped she wasn't saying what I thought she was saying. She wasn't getting cold feet after all this time, was she?
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"This," she said, waving her hands. "This long distance shit. This is fun, but... I need the real thing."
My eyes widened, "You mean...?"
She nodded, "I don't want to play with myself anymore. I want you to play with me."
"I have been wanting to run my hands over your body since the first night I watched you." I said.
"Well now you're gonna get your chance." she said. "I'm coming over. What apartment do you live in?"
"15F."
We ended the call and I watched her as she hurriedly got dressed and left her apartment. I watched the front door of her building, waiting for her to emerge onto the sidewalk. When she did, she looked up at my apartment, waited for a break in traffic and darted across the street. I waited by the intercom and buzzed her in, then I opened my door and watched the elevator intently, my heart beating hard in my chest. After months of teasing each other, we were finally going to get the real thing.
The elevator opened and she saw me waiting in the doorway for her and practically ran down the hall to me, throwing herself into my arms. I slammed the door closed behind her and took her into my arms as our lips met for the first time. Alyssa jumped up, wrapping her legs around my waist and I adjusted my grip to keep a hold of her as we continued to kiss each other. I carried her into my bedroom and put her down long enough for us to get our clothes off. Alyssa hadn't bothered to put on any underwear, and all I had on was a t-shirt and shorts so we were both naked in short order. I took her into my arms and kissed her again as we fell into bed.
"No foreplay," she gasped as we broke the kiss. "Just fuck me."
I got on top of her and drove my rock hard cock into her soaking wet pussy and she squealed in pleasure as I penetrated her for the first time.
"God yes," she moaned, "Ram that cock into me baby! I've missed the feel of a cock in me."
"Damn, you're already soaking wet," I said as I bottomed out inside her, "And you're not just warm, you're on fire."
"Stop talking and fuck me!" she growled at me.
I leaned in to kiss her as I started slamming my cock into her. I had almost forgotten how good it felt to fuck a wild and willing woman. Neither one of us were talking dirty at this point. Alyssa was moaning, groaning and squealing in pleasure, and I was grunting with the effort of driving my cock into her. She looked up at me almost the whole time, undisguised lust in her eyes.
"Harder," she finally said, "Fuck me as hard as you can... as hard as you want... fuck me like you've wanted to all these months... fuck me like I've wanted to be fucked all these months!"
"Like this?" I asked, slamming my cock into her even harder than I already had been, "Is this what you want?"
"God yes," she moaned, "Just like that. Give it to me!"
The bedsprings squeaked under our bodies as we fucked for the first time after months and months of teasing. The only other sounds in my apartment was the slapping of flesh on flesh as my hips met hers with each downstroke, and our heavy breathing.
"Holy fuck," I groaned, "I'm gonna cum."
"Yeah baby," she gasped, "Give it to me. Cum for me Malcolm."
I roared in pleasure as my cock twitched and spasmed in Alyssa's cunt as I exploded inside her. After I fired off several jets of cum inside her I collapsed on top of her, my cock still buried deep inside her.
She wrapped her arms around me, and I could feel both our hearts beating a thousand miles an hour, her labored breathing in my ear.
"That was better than I imagined," she finally managed to say.
"I never came that quickly before," I said, slowly pulling my semi-hard cock out of her, "With the possible exception of when I lost my virginity."
"It's okay," Alyssa said, "You can make it up to me later. But right now, let's see if you can make me squirt. I know you've been dying to see it in person."
I sat on my knees next to her, and slid my middle and ring fingers inside her dripping snatch, she cooed in pleasure as I slid my fingers deep inside her and slowly started finger fucking her. She reached over and grabbed my semi hard cock, still slick with her juices.
"Oh yeah, baby," she moaned, "That's it, curl your fingers back..."
"This isn't my first time," I said, "I know what to do."
I curled my fingers back and found her g-spot and her whole body jerked on the bed and she squealed in surprise.
"So I see." she gasped.
I used my other hand to grope the tits I had been dying to get my hands on since the day I saw them. They felt as perfect as they looked, all natural, firm with just enough give that I could gently squeeze them to earn another squeal of pleasure. I gently pinched her nipple while speeding up my other hand, making audible squishing sounds as I continued to finger her pussy, trying to get her to squirt.
She moaned and squirmed on the bed before pushing herself up with one hand and taking my cock into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around my shaft as she slightly shifted her body to get closer to me, wrapping an arm around my leg to hold herself up. I kept my fingers going inside her, as she spread her legs as wide as she could. Alyssa had almost all of my cock in her mouth, before she suddenly released it and moaned.
"Oh shit," she moaned, "I'm so close, yes, yes, yes, yes, that's it, right there..."
She practically forced my hand out of her pussy when she squirted. It flew out of her in a clean arc, over the end of my bed, splattering on the floor. A second jet flew out of her, followed by a third. Alyssa was squealing and rubbing her clit as I watched, almost entranced. Now I could officially say I had been with a woman who could squirt, and as much of a turn on it was watching it in videos, it was even more of a turn on watching it in person.
Alyssa let loose with one last stream of cum before she lay in the middle of my bed, covered in sweat and panting.
"Holy shit, that was amazing." I said.
"That was... oh my fucking god, that felt so goddamn good." she said. "I think that may have been the most intense orgasm I've ever had."
She sat up so we were face to face and we hungrily kissed each other. We wrapped our arms around each other, just enjoying the feel of our bodies pressed into each other. I slid my hands down her body and grabbed her firm ass.
"Mmm..." she moaned, "You like my ass don't you?"
"Well, it is really nice," I said, giving it a squeeze.
She broke away from my embrace and got on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass at me. "You really think so?"
"It's fucking perfect," I said moving to run my hands over the smooth flesh. "Men would fight wars over this ass."
My cock was hard again, and I moved into position behind Alyssa, and she knew what was coming, and relaxed as I slid my cock into her still dripping pussy.
"Yesssss." she hissed as I slid all the way into her.
I grabbed her hips and started fucking her, not bothering to go slow since I knew what she wanted. I rammed my cock into her and she started moaning and breathlessly encouraging me to fuck her harder. Then she said the three words I was hoping to hear.
No, not "I love you".
"Pull my hair."
Alyssa was only my fifth sexual partner. There was the girl I lost my virginity to when I was 18 (my best friend's sister), but it was the three after her that stand out in my mind more. All of them had one thing in common, they didn't want just plain vanilla sex. They liked it wild, not necessarily rough, but wild.
First there was April, the fitness instructor, who liked me to pin her down or physically restrain her in some way, and she always tried to fight her way out of it. Yes, while we were fucking. It was like sexual Wrestlemania. Our sex was always athletic and exciting. Sometimes she escaped and took control, but most of the time she didn't (or didn't want to) and let me control the pace. Either way, it led to some very intense orgasms.
Then there was Suzy, who used to do the weather report for the six o'clock news. You wouldn't know by looking at the sweet smiling blonde telling you it was going to rain tomorrow that she was an animal in bed. She was a tiny little thing at only 5' 2", and barely 100 pounds. She loved it when I would literally pick her up and throw her onto the bed and talk dirty while I fucked her. She was very flexible and would have fun contorting herself into different positions for me to fuck her in. She called it "sexual origami".
Finally there was Wendy, the flight attendant (the one that got a new job that required her to move). Her deal was pretending that no matter what I wanted to do (usually anal which she actually loved), she didn't want me to do. She knew I was going to do it anyway and put up a token offense, nowhere near the effort of April but just enough that I had to "force" her into position and tell her to stop fighting me. Usually after her first orgasm, she was more than willing to go along with me, and that's when things would get wild. She'd start begging me to fuck her harder and faster and do things to her that I hadn't even thought of. Every now and then she'd actually turn the tables on me and become the aggressor.
They all had four things in common. They liked me to pull their hair, liked an occasional slap on the ass while I was fucking them from behind, absolutely loved the dirty talk (but that went both ways), and for me to take control and "force" them to do or say what I wanted. It got rough sometimes but never crossed the line into BDSM territory. We didn't exactly have safe words, we would simply let each other know if things were going too far. It looked like Alyssa was the same.
I reached out and wrapped my hand in her raven locks and pulled back slowly figuring she'd let me know when I was going too far like April, Suzy and Wendy had. I pulled her head further and further back until she shook her head and barely muttered "Stop."
The next question was, did she like an occasional slap on the ass? Let's find out. I used my other hand to give her a firm slap on the ass. She yelped in surprise and turned her head a bit to look back at me.
"Again."
I slapped her ass again, a little harder.
"Again." she said a little louder.
*SLAP!*
"Again!"
*SLAP!*
"AGAIN!"
*SLAP!*
She nodded at me, letting me know to not slap her ass any harder than the last blow I landed. I looked down at her firm ass, and the angry red mark I left there. I tightened my grip on her hair as I had slacked off a bit while I spanked her, and pulled her head back again.
"You like that you little bitch?" I said through grit teeth. "You like my fucking cock in your hot little pussy? *SLAP* Answer me!"
"Yes," she moaned, "I love it."
"Love what? *SLAP* Say it!" I said, ramming my cock as deep into her as I could.
"I love your cock in me..." she said, barely able to get the words out.
"What? I can't fucking hear you."
"I love your fucking cock in my pussy!" she said louder, trying to put some force behind the words.
"Whose pussy?"
"Yours," she moaned, "It's your fucking pussy. Just please, don't stop fucking me."
"That's right," I said, recalling things I'd said to April, Suzy and Wendy, "This is my pussy, this *SLAP* is my ass, and don't you fucking forget it."
"All yours," she moaned, "All yours."
It looked like Alyssa was willing to let me be in control. One of the other things Alyssa had in common with my three previous girlfriends was stamina. While I never kept track of time during sex, I know with all three of them our sessions would usually last an hour or more. It looked like Alyssa could keep up that same pace. Since I had already cum once, I knew I would last a lot longer this time around.
"Oh fuck," Alyssa moaned, "I think I'm gonna cum again."
I let go of her hair and reached under her and started rubbing her clit. "You're gonna cum all over my cock? Gonna coat my cock with all that sweet pussy juice?"
"Yes," she moaned, "I wanna fucking cum all over your hard fucking cock. Make me cum, please. I'm so fucking close."
"Cum for me baby, that's it," I said, leaning on her back so I could whisper in her ear, "Fucking cum for me you hot little slut."
Alyssa lost it and screamed in pleasure as she exploded, squirting around my cock, so much so that when I pulled back, she literally pushed me out and squirted all over my stomach and legs.I didn't mind. She came so hard she was literally crying in pleasure as she squirted what seemed like gallons of pussy juice onto me. She took over rubbing her clit as she came. I thought the poor girl would be dehydrated when she was done. Finally she stopped and surprised me by turning around and saying, "More."
Before I could react, she grabbed me and pushed me down on my back and climbed on top of me, impaling herself on my cock. I grabbed her hips, slick with a combination of sweat and her juices. She braced herself on my chest and started riding my cock like her life depended on it. I reached up and pulled her down so I could get her tits in my mouth.
"Yes, suck on those tits," she moaned, "Those are your fucking tits. Oh shit, that feels so fucking good, your cock is so deep inside me. Goddamn!"
"Yeah, you take that fucking cock all the way inside that sweet wet pussy of yours. Look at me, Alyssa." I said.
She opened her eyes and focused on me, "It's so good," she moaned, "I can't get enough."
I grabbed her and held her in place, "What are you...?"
I started thrusting up into her, and she screeched in pleasure as I took control again. She grabbed the headboard and threw her head back.
"I said look at me!" I growled, she forced herself to look down at me.
I stopped thrusting up into her and pulled her down to kiss me, "Ride that fucking cock, baby. Grind that sweet cunt of yours on my fucking cock."
She obliged and started riding me again, sitting up so I could reach up and grab her perfect tits, squeezing and pinching her nipples. She put her hands over mine and squealed and whimpered in pleasure. Occasionally actual words like "yes", "goddamn", "oh yeah", and "fuck me" would escape her lips, but mostly it was wordless incoherent moaning, squealing and whining in pleasure.
For my part I probably repeated myself a few times, telling her to ride me, and getting her to tell me how much she loved being fucked by me, and other dirty talk I lost track of.
Suddenly Alyssa pulled herself off of me, starting rubbing her clit and screamed in pleasure as she squirted on me again. This time she covered my whole chest, stomach, and groin with a spray of pussy juice. She was whimpering and crying with pleasure as she came, finally draining herself dry. She looked at my hard cock, still sticking up like a flagpole. She looked up at me, with a mischievous gleam in her eye. She eagerly took my cock into her mouth, sucking it for all she was worth. I grabbed a hold of her hair, controlling her pace, knowing that I probably wouldn't last much longer. I was right, within just a few minutes I could feel an orgasm building.
"Fuck yeah," I groaned, "That's it, I'm fucking cumming!"
I held her in place and thrust my hips up as I exploded in her mouth. For her part, Alyssa swallowed as much of my cum as she could, as I fired off what felt like five or six strong jets of cum followed by at least two weaker ones. Some of it did dribble out of her mouth and down the sides of my cock. I let go of her hair and she eagerly licked my cock clean. She crawled up my body and despite the fact that I was still covered in her pussy juice lay down on top of me and we exchanged another kiss. She lay her head on my chest.
"Best sex ever." she said. "Not many men have been able to keep pace with me."
"Not even the self-centered dickhead?" I asked, laughing.
"Definitely not him," she said, "That asshole could barely even make me cum once, let alone the... what was it? Four? Five?"
"Well to be totally honest, you're not the first wild woman I've had." I said. "Keeping up with you won't be a problem."
"I've never squirted that much before, like ever." she said, "Not even when I masturbated. I could get myself to do it maybe once, but never... three, four times?"
"I didn't keep count." I said.
Between the sweat and sexual fluids covering us we realized we needed to shower before we went to bed. I quickly realized my shower was not made for two people. We also needed to change the sheets and flip the mattress because Alyssa had soaked not just me, but my bed with her juices. I made a mental note to dig my thick beach towels out of the closet for next time.
The next morning I woke to Alyssa wrapped around me, and the sounds of rain outside.
"It's a crappy day," she mumbled.
"Yeah, sounds like it." I said. "You sleep okay?"
"Mm-hmm." she said turning in my arms so her back was to me and snuggling back into me, allowing me to wrap my arms around her.
"Hey, can I tell you something?" I asked her after a couple of minutes.
"Sure."
"There's this really hot girl that lives across the street from me, who likes to change her clothes without closing her blinds." I said, "I've been spying on her."
She laughed and gently slapped my arm, "You naughty boy."
"I can't help it," I said, "She's got the most amazing body I've ever seen in my life. I'd love to get my hands on her."
"And what would you do if you could?" Alyssa asked me.
I rolled her onto her back and kissed her, our tongues meeting as our mouths fused together. When we broke the kiss, I nibbled on her neck and worked my way down to her chest. I took a nipple into my mouth, and flicked my tongue back and forth over it before gently biting down on it and continuing to tease it with my tongue. I switched over to the other nipple when I had the first one hard and repeated the process. She ran her fingers through my hair as I alternated back and forth between her tits. I slowly kissed and nibbled my way down her body until I was between her legs, she spread her legs wide so I could get right in there. I parted her lips with my fingers and found her clit and started gently teasing it with my fingers before sucking on it, earning a squeal of pleasure. Damn, she tasted good.
"She's... she's... oh fuck... gonna be a lucky girl... goddamn... if you ever get your... hands..." she paused to moan unintelligibly, "yes... yes... oh my god..."
I slid one, then two fingers deep inside her, and she was almost immediately soaking wet with anticipation. I thought she was going to start the day off squirting in my face, but she instead squirmed and writhed around on the bed as I licked her smooth shaved pussy. She groaned low in her throat and grabbed my head holding me in place as she came grinding her pussy on my face. She didn't squirt this time, but it was still a very wet orgasm. I kissed my way back up her body before we lip locked again, and she rolled us over and then kissed her way down my body.
She sucked my cock into her mouth, and gave me another amazing blowjob. Since we weren't going at it like we were last night, she took her time, making sure she licked every inch of my cock and sucked as much of it as she could into her mouth. I pushed her hair out of the way so I could watch my cock slide in and out of her mouth. Without the wild abandon we had thrown ourselves into last night, I could really enjoy how good of a cocksucker she was. Her mouth was so warm and perfect, she expertly used her tongue to tease my cock.
Although I did like the wild and crazy sex like we had last night, it didn't always have to be like that. Sometimes just working each other up and straight up fucking was enough. Especially first thing in the morning. Alyssa must have felt the same way. Without saying a word, we both knew it was time to fuck.
She gave my cock one last lick and kissed her way back up my body until she was face to face with me and our lips met in a passionate kiss. I suddenly flipped her over and she whooped with surprise and laughter as I hovered over her for a moment. I moved my hips down and she squirmed to meet me, as I easily slid into her. We both moaned in pleasure as I slowly inched into her. She looked up at me with pleading eyes, nodding and moaning until I was balls deep in her. Unlike last night, I started slowly, looking deep into her eyes as we fucked. I sped up a little, but nowhere near the pounding I had given her the night before. There was no dirty talk this time either, just us telling each other how good it felt in between our moans of pleasure and deep probing kisses.
"You're gonna make me cum again." she moaned after several minutes.
"Wait for me." I said, "I want to cum with you."
"I'm so close," she said, "I can't hold back anymore. I'm..."
She bit her bottom lip and groaned as her orgasm hit, she wrapped her arms around my shoulders and buried her face in my chest and screamed in pleasure as her whole body shook. I could feel her pussy clamp down on my thrusting cock. She was whimpering into my chest as her orgasm ran its course.
Then I lost it, "Alyssa, oh fuck baby, I'm... I'm... FUCK!"
I slammed my cock all the way inside her and exploded, firing off several streams of cum deep inside her. She pulled my face down to hers and kissed me as I continued to pump cum into her well fucked pussy.
I slowly pulled my rapidly deflating cock out of her and flopped on my back next to her. We lay there for a few moments listening to the rain fall outside. Finally I broke the silence.
"That's what I would do if I could get my hands on her." I said.
"She's gonna be a lucky girl." Alyssa said smiling.
From all the small talk we'd done in the previous two weeks we knew we had a lot in common. We were the same age (32) and in fact, our birthdays were only two months apart, we liked the same music, had most of the same interests as far as pop culture went, and she was an avid gamer. We spent most of the day finding out what else we had in common and by the end of the day, even though we never actually officially said it, we were a couple. From then on we spent almost all our free time together, bouncing back and forth between my place and hers. The sex is still mind blowing, but it's not the full basis of our relationship. We're not sure where things are going to go from here, we're just taking it like everything else in these difficult times, one day at a time.