"Damn, I can't believe you're going again," I sighed. "You've only been back, what, a few days?"
"I know, I know, I'm sorry," Jackie replied. "Five days. I'll be back in five days."
"But how long after that until you're back out on another business trip?" I asked. "This is getting ridiculous."
"Geez Cole, are you really doing this now?" Jackie asked sternly. "It's my job, what do you want me to do?"
Jackie and I looked at each other as I declined to respond.
"I can't do this right now I have to go," Jackie said, grabbing her carryon bag and walking out to her car.
"See you in five days!" I hopelessly called out to her.
Jackie got in her car and closed the door. She looked up to me for just a second, putting a hand up to say goodbye with as minimal effort as possible, and pulled away. I closed the front door and turned back inside.
"Another long trip?"
Abby stood right in front of me as I turned back inside, startling me. I looked at her puzzled for a moment.
"Jackie," she said. "Is she gone for a while again or will this be quick this time?"
"Oh! Yeah sorry. This one is only five days this time," I responded with sarcasm.
Abby stood, shaking her head, her wavy brunette hair tossing side to side.
"I don't know how your relationship has lasted three years like this," Abby said. "I mean hell, I moved in six months ago and I get fed up sometimes with her not being around. I can't imagine how you feel."
I looked to Abby and concentrated on what she was saying.
"Don't get me wrong," Abby quickly added, "she's very nice when she's around. It's just that. Well. I don't really see the chemistry between you two."
Abby smiled warmly, letting me know she was telling me this from concern and not out of jealousy.
"Yeah, I see where you're coming from," I told Abby. "It's hard to keep things together when we're apart all the time. But I just keep remembering how it used to be between us before she got that job a year and a half ago. Now it seems like all we do is argue in between her business trips." I paused a moment, then added, "But things will get better."
"Are you trying to convince me that this is a good relationship, or yourself?" Abby asked. She smiled at me again and shrugged her shoulders, then turned to walk back upstairs.
"Think about it, Cole!" she called back, turning to look at me for a moment. "I hate seeing you unhappy," she finished, and continued up.
I already had been thinking about it, for months now. Ever since Jackie got that job I've barely seen her. She's gone most days of the week and when she is home she's so exhausted from traveling and time differences that we barely do anything together. It's also been killing her sex drive, which has been especially hard for me. We've only had sex a handful of times over the last year, and even then she was never the one to initiate it. I started out with a much stronger sex drive than Jackie, but the difference between us has exponentially increased lately, as Jackie seemingly has no interest in it at all.
I looked up as Abby neared the top of the stairs, trying to catch a view of her ass. Abby always wore clothing that covered her figure around the house like sweatpants and sweatshirts, but I could still tell there was an amazing body hiding under those clothes. Abby got to the top and I barely caught a glimpse of her butt as she got up to the last step. Even under her sweatpants you could tell she had a firm, round ass. I listened as she walked down the hall, out of sight, stepping to her bedroom door as I heard it creak open.
The lack of sex in my life lately has caused me to fantasize about sex a lot more, specifically with Abby. Something about how adventurous and secretive it would be was a huge turn on, not to mention the fact that Abby was simply beautiful and charming with her small button nose and dark eyes. And we really did get along well together, seeing how I spend more time with her around the house than I do with Jackie.
Abby and I are also really comfortable with each other, having spent so much time together, even playfully flirting with each other from time to time. I only recently became aware of a small crush I'd developed for her, and honestly, I think she feels the same way about me.
I was starting to think Abby was right about my relationship. I mean I still care about Jackie, but we've been clearly drifting apart lately.
I realized this was a lot to take in all at once. I was still mad at Jackie for leaving so abruptly for another business trip and maybe I was over thinking things. I decided it would be good to go talk to Abby about it. She seems to have noticed me and Jackie's relationship has been rocky lately and it would help to have someone else's perspective.
I went up the stairs the down the hall to Abby's bedroom. The door was left ajar and I peeked in to see if Abby was busy. She was just lying on her bed trying to get comfortable, so I decided to just walk in.
As I lightly began to push the door open I heard a soft sigh from within.
"MMMMmmmm, yeah," Abby exhaled quietly.
Before I realized what was happening the door was opened entirely and I was a full step into the room.
And there lied Abby, her sweatshirt still on but her sweatpants were lying on the floor next to her bed, her hand beneath her underwear. I watched for what was no more than a split second as Abby's hand gestured around her pussy before she looked up to me. We made eye contact, Abby staring, lying frozen with shock, and I immediately looked away.
"Shit, shit, sorry!" I stammered, twisting my body away and out the door. "Fuck I'm so sorry Abby! The door was open and I thought you were just lying down. I still should have knocked. Sorry!"
I didn't wait for a response. I closed the door as I stepped out and walked straight to my room and onto my bed.
I could feel my cheeks flush red with embarrassment. "Holy shit!" was all I could think. Did that really just happen? I felt bad for walking in on Abby like that, but at the same time I was getting more and more turned on. In all my fantasizing about Abby I never once thought about her masturbating. In my head that just wasn't something girls did. I was shocked!
And then I was struck with a realization.
Was Abby masturbating to me? We had just finished speaking and she immediately went upstairs and started. Holy shit! I think she was!
I could feel the blood from my cheeks start to fade as it rushed to my cock causing it to swell beneath my pants. The image of Abby's hand pulsating in her underwear was embedded in my head, her long, thick, bare legs leading up to her pussy, hiding under a thin layer of cloth. I just couldn't control myself.
I unzipped my pants and lowered then below my hips, and my cock sprung to life. Fully erect in a matter of seconds, I wrapped my hand around it and immediately started pumping hard and fast. Up and down, up and down. I closed my eyes and imagined Abby masturbating. In my head I watched as her fingers moved around her pussy, in and out, in and out as I continued to pump my hand over my erection in rhythm as if I were fucking her.
"MMMMmmmmm, yeah," I hear Abby's soft, sexy voice over and over again.
Up and down, up and down. In and out, in and out.
I was ready to cum already. I hadn't been this excited about anything in a long time, and couldn't last much longer. My hand was uncontrollably jerking off my cock. I felt my orgasm building up inside me, ready to burst. I decided to try and hold out a few more seconds.
"Ohhhhhh, Abby," I whispered, imagining her pussy one last time, before I!
I opened my eyes ready to cum and in my periphery saw a figure standing at my door. I twisted my head, still jerking off, and there stood Abby, still only wearing her sweatshirt and underwear, staring at me, her jaw hanging open.
I looked up to her and we made eye contact, and in that moment a load of cum that had built up for weeks exploded out of my cock.
Abby's eyes moved towards my twitching penis, still in my hand, and stared, open mouthed, for another half second, before retreating back into the hallway.
"Holy shit, Cole!" Abby said from behind the wall. "Sorry, I just came to apologize and the door was open!"
I heard Abby's footsteps skitter down the hall and back to her own room, this time hearing the door close behind her.
I sat up in my bed, catching my breath.
Fuck, did I seriously leave my door open after what just happened? I couldn't believe the series of events that just occurred. Although I did feel bad about walking in on Abby, we were kind of even now. And even though maybe I shouldn't be, I was ecstatic about getting to see Abby masturbate. And as a bonus, I'm pretty sure she was thinking about me while she was doing it! She even seemed to enjoy herself while she was watching me.
I started to wonder how long she was watching me for. Was it only a few seconds, or longer? I imagined her watching me the entire time, enjoying herself.
I relaxed a bit, calming down from the whole situation, and began to realize how awkward our next encounter might be.
Four days until Jackie returns:
I didn't run into Abby for the rest of the day. I think we were both hiding out in our rooms, worried about what to say to the other, but the next morning started as if nothing had happened at all.
Well, almost nothing.
"Oh, uh, hey Abby," I said modestly as I walked into the kitchen, passing behind Abby as she faced the stove, cooking up some eggs. I immediately noticed Abby was wearing a long white t-shirt, but was still only wearing underwear. She never walked around without pants on like this.
"Oh, hey Cole!" Abby said. "Morning! Want some eggs? I'm already cooking some up it'll be easy to throw in a few more."
"Yeah, sure thanks," I said, opening up the fridge and grabbing some juice, poured a glass for me and one for Abby, and sat down at the kitchen table, facing Abby's back as she cooked.
Neither of us said anything for a while, and there was clearly a bit of tension between us. I watched as Abby moved around, cracking eggs and scrambling them. As she did, her curvy body shimmied side to side.
"Salt?" she asked.
"Yes please!" I replied.
Abby stood up on her toes and opened the cabinet over the stove, and reached for the salt and pepper shakers. As she did this, her shirt lifted up and I got a great view of her wide, curvy hips and round, jiggly ass. Suddenly, she turned towards me.
I quickly looked up to meet her eyes but it was too late, she had already caught me checking her out.
She smiled wryly for only a moment.
"Pepper, too?" she asked.
"Uh, Yeah, a lot, please. Thanks," I muttered.
Abby turned back to the stove where he sprinkled the salt and pepper on, and turned around with two plates. She sat down with hers and handed me mine.
"Hey, uh, sorry about that," I said. "It's just, well, I've never seen you wear anything like this around the house."
She didn't say anything to me, as she gathered a fork and napkin from the table.
"And about yesterday," I added.
Abby looked up to me.
"I should have knocked first, I'm really sorry," I said.
Abby smiled. "Oh, that? I felt like an idiot for forgetting to close my door." Abby paused a moment. "But you left yours wide open! I couldn't believe it!"
"Wow, way to make me feel worse. Thanks, Abby," I said smiling back at her, embarrassed.
"Trust me, you have nothing to feel bad about," Abby said, raising an eyebrow and winking at me. We laughed, and started to eat our breakfast.
"So I guess we're even then?" I asked a little while later.
"Maybe?" Abby questioned. "I mean, I'll admit, you only saw me for, what, two seconds. Three tops? I watched you for at least a whole minute. That hardly seems even to me, but if you insist..."
"What!" I exclaimed, laughing with shock. "Are you serious!?"
"Yup!" Abby grinned.
"I'm. Well I'm quite shocked," I admitted. "I can't believe you would spy on me like that," I said, honestly baffled that she stood there and watched me the whole time.
"Please, look me in the eyes and tell me that if I hadn't seen you in my doorway yesterday, that you wouldn't have stayed and watched as long as you could."
"Well," I said. "Yeah, you're right. There's no way I would have stopped," I told her. It felt strange to be this open about watching each other masturbate.
"While we're on the topic," I added. "Well, um..."
"Come on," Abby said. "Just say whatever your thinking. We've come this far..."
"Were you thinking about me? You know. When you were..."
"Masturbating?" Abby said bluntly. Just hearing her say the word was a huge turn on. "Well, uh..." Abby paused, suddenly hit with embarrassment. She looked down at her empty plate. "Yeah, I was," she said.
I couldn't fucking believe we were having this conversation. Abby just admitted to masturbating while thinking about me! My thoughts immediately went back to yesterday. "MMMMMmmm, yeah," was all I could hear in my head in Abby's soft, sultry voice.
"Well, I mean, I was thinking of you, too," I decided to admit. "But I think you already know that."
We were silent a moment, then Abby looked up to me, and we both started laughing.
"Yeah," Abby said, still chuckling. "I was pretty sure you weren't fantasizing about some other girl named Abby."
Neither of us said anything after that. We finished eating and Abby was the first to get up. She noticed I was finished with my breakfast as well and reached out for my plate.
"No, it's alright, I got them," I told her. "You already made breakfast for me, let me clean up."
"I'm already up!" she said cheerily. "I don't mind, really."
Abby gabbed my plate before I could say another word and turned towards the sink. As she scrubbed the plates clean her body shimmied slightly side to side and I caught the bottom curve of her ass jiggling under her white t-shirt.
Abby finished cleaning and turned back to face me. I looked up into her wide, deep brown eyes, and was overcome with realization. I let it sink in for a moment as I looked at her in a different way than I ever had before, overcome with an emotion I hadn't felt since I had first met Jackie several years ago.
"Abby?" I started.
"Yeah?" she smiled.
I was briefly frozen as I continued to look at her.
"Come on, Cole! What? Tell meeeeeeee!" Abby pleaded.
"I... I think I'm going to break up with Jackie," I finally managed. Abby stopped smiling and stared.
"What?" she asked. "Are you serious?"
"When she gets back from her business trip," I added. "It's something that I've been thinking about recently, and well, it's just not working out between us anymore. You were right. Yesterday when you said you didn't know why we were still together. It got me thinking and well,"
"Oh gosh Cole!" Abby said. "I didn't mean for you two to break up. Oh no, I'd hate to be the reason you and Jackie... Cole I didn't mean any-"
"No, Abby it's not your fault," I interrupted. "I mean, listen. Honestly, we spend so much time together and we get along so well. And hot damn I can NOT get you out of my head since seeing you last night."
Abby's face flushed a light red and looked down at the floor a second before picking her head back up shyly look back to me.
"You made me realize how bad things have been for a long time between me and Jackie, and how much more of an attraction I have for you than I do for her."
I suddenly realized what I was saying, and felt my own face flush with red. Was I admitting all of this out loud? What just came over me? I looked down at the dining table I was still seated at, not able to bring myself to look back up to Abby.
The silence lasted about 200 years.
And then Abby finally said, "Cole. That's awesome!"
I looked up, and an excited smile crossed Abby's face like I'd never seen before.
Abby scurried over to me, sitting on the armrest of my chair, and leaning in to kiss me. I couldn't believe this was happening! Still, at the last second I reluctantly turned my head to the side, and Abby hesitantly pulled back.
"Oh, uh, sorry, I," Abby started.
"No, no. Abby I'm sorry," I told her. "I want to kiss you, trust me," I smiled. "It's just. Well, I've dated Jackie for three years now. I'd feel bad if you and I started something before I could officially end it with her, you know?"
Relief fell over Abby's face.
"Ah. Yeah, I understand," she said.
"And I don't want to call her and do it over the phone. That just wouldn't be right. Can we wait until she gets back? I'll end it with her then. In four days."
"Four days," Abby repeated. "Hmmmmm, yeah of course we can wait till then. The anticipation could be exciting, don't you think, Cole?"
Abby winked at me and stood up off the armrest.
"Four days," she repeated to herself once more, trailing off and starting to walk away. "I um, have some things I have to do today. I'll see you later tonight?" Abby said turning towards me.
"Uh, yeah sure. I'll be up in my room most of the day. I'll see you around dinner time?" I asked.
"Yeah. Dinner time," Abby repeated again, smiling at me, and then turning back around to leave.
I thought Abby had seemed a little strange there, but we did just have a pretty weird and very forward conversation about masturbating and me ending a three year relationship to possibly be together. So I guess she wasn't acting that weird.
I figured I should head upstairs and relax a bit in my room. I didn't really have any plans the rest of the day so I decided to read for a while and take some time to myself to think about how exactly things are going to go with Jackie when I told her it's over. We already fought pretty often, I couldn't image how she'd react to me telling her it was over. And as much as I didn't really want to think about that part of it, it was even more exciting thinking about Abby. I still couldn't believe I got to see her masturbate! Gosh she was so hot the image was ingrained in my head. I got up and headed up to my room.
Hours had passed and it was nearly 5pm. I figured Abby might be back by soon and I wanted to cook her dinner to repay her for making me breakfast earlier before she got back. I walked out of my room and started down the stairs when I heard a rustle in the living room. Damn, did Abby already make it home?
I was halfway down the steps and started talking.
"Hey Abby, I'm going to make dinner for us tonight," I started, continuing to make my way down the stairs. In my periphery I saw Abby's figure lying on the couch. "I was thinking spaghetti, how does that soun-"
I came to a complete stop as I reached the bottom of the steps, turning towards Abby only to find her sprawled out on the couch facing me with only a top on. No pants. No underwear. Her legs were spread apart and her middle finger was circling her bare pussy as her other hand grasped her left breast over her shirt.
"Shit, Abby. Sorry! I didn't even think you were home yet!" I started, turning go back upstairs.
"MMMMMmmmmm, Cole wait!" Abby moaned.
I stopped, hesitantly turning back towards her, then was hit with the realization. Abby wanted this. There's no way she'd be doing this unless she wanted me to see!
My eyes shot back towards her, staring at her wet pussy as Abby's fingers groomed over it.
"Cole," Abby whispered. "Oooohhhhhh, Cole. It's so hot when you watch me!"
"Abby," I said not wanting to look away. "It's not right. I'm still technically with Jackie. I told you, we can't do this yet."
"Do what?" Abby moaned, continuing to masturbate while she talked. "We're not really doing anything. After all, technically it's not cheating as long as we don't touch each other, right?"
Abby look up to me, making eye contact, and then plunged her middle and index fingers into her vagina. "Ooooohhhhh, fuck, Cole!" she moaned again.
I was in no position to argue. I stared in awe. I felt my cock getting hard, pressing into my pants. I lower my hand over it. Even touching myself over my pants felt amazing as I watched Abby's finger glide effortlessly in and out of her small, pink pussy, her ass cheeks jiggling with each thrust in and out.
"Is this how it's going to be?" I asked. "For the next few days?"
Abby didn't stop masturbating. "Yup!" she said as her hand continued to move over her clit in circles. She looked up to me and our eyes met again. Abby had dark eye liner on, making her look sexy and mysterious. She gritted her teeth together,
"Cole I'm cumming!" she exclaimed, never breaking eye contact.
Abby let out a soft moan as she exhaled and slowed her hand over her pussy, then stopped. She lied for a few seconds, then sat up and pulled her underwear and pants up. She looked up to me and smiled wide.
"You said we couldn't start anything until after you break up with Jackie, so..." Abby thought a moment. "Maybe you'll join me next time? Or, you know, surprise me later or something."
I didn't respond. I couldn't. I was still too shocked this was happening. Was this was going to be the norm for the next few days? Just matter-of-factly masturbating for each other in the middle of the day?
Abby stood up and walked towards the stairs, stopping before taking them up.
"Spaghetti sounds great. I'll be down in a bit!" Abby said raising her eyebrows at me, and then hurried up the steps.
Dinner was surprisingly normal. We ate in the living room while we watched 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia', laughing our asses off and teasing each other a bit. After we finished I cleaned up and washed the dishes. I went back to the living room but Abby wasn't there. I decided to go upstairs and saw a light on in the hallway bathroom and had an idea.
While Abby was in the bathroom I went straight to her bedroom and quickly took off my shirt and pants. I inhaled deep, excited and a little nervous, and threw my underwear to the floor as well, and hoped into her bed.
I had an erection almost immediately. The excitement of jerking off for Abby was enough to get me hard, but now I could easily think of a bottomless Abby masturbating right in front of me and getting an erection happened in no time at all. I lied on my back on Abby's bed, my cock standing straight up, and I gripped it lightly, and began stroking it.
I could hardly wait for Abby to finish up in the bathroom. My stiff cock was almost painful with anticipation. Soon I heard the bathroom door open and Abby walking down the hall. She turned into her room and saw me right away. I looked up to her, her deep, dark eyes drawing me in again, and her jaw dropped in shock.
"Cole! I didn't expect!..." she trailed off, speechless.
I started stroking harder and faster, pumping up and down with a stronger grip this time.
"Oh, this is so much fun, isn't it??" Abby asked.
All I could do was nod. Abby's jaw still hung open but she started to smile as well. I imagined my cock in her mouth as her lips wrapped around my immensely hard cock.
Abby walked towards the bed and sat down right next to me, hovering over my cock.
"Cole, I'm impressed!" she said. "I wasn't expecting a surprise like this so soon! Wow your cock is big..."
Abby trailed off again admiring my penis.
I was so excited I was already about to cum. Just looking at Abby, fully clothed nonetheless, was getting me off.
"Abby, I'm going to cum any second," I told her.
Abby smiled bright with excitement.
"Oooohhhhh Cole, cum for me baby," she said in a sultry voice.
And that was all it took. Cum erupted from my cock in a few thick pulses, and Abby's eyes went wide with pleasure.
Abby walked over and grabbed some tissues and handed them too me, and I cleaned up.
"Wow," Abby said. "I never knew I had that kind of power."
"You're so hot, Abby," I told her.
"Oh no, not that," she replied. "I mean, I told you to cum, and you came! I didn't know I could make boys cum on command like that. It's like some kind of super power!"
I looked at her puzzled for a second, then burst out laughing. Abby chuckled as well.
Abby leaned forward, as if speaking with my penis, and said, "Cum!"
Obviously, nothing happened.
"I Command thee to cum at once!"
A few seconds passed and Abby looked back to me.
"Well, maybe I have to let my powers recharge before I can do it again," Abby said.
"Yeah, that's probably it," I smiled. "You dork."
Abby shrugged her shoulders and I sat up, grabbed my clothes, and put them back on.
"I'm probably going to head back downstairs to watch some TV. You coming?" I asked.
"Yeah, I'll be down in a bit," Abby said, and I turned and walked out of her room.
"Hey, Cole?" I heard Abby call just as I turned down the hallway. I peeked back into her room.
"See, isn't this going to be a fun few days?" she asked.
"Hell yeah." I told her, and headed downstairs.
Three days until Jackie returns:
Abby and I watched TV for a few hours that night, again as if nothing had happened, and went to bed. The next morning I woke up and headed downstairs, still dreary eyed and half asleep. I walked into the kitchen half squinting from the light and passed by Abby, opening the refrigerator.
"Hey Abby. Good morning," I said, grabbing some cold brew coffee and pulling it out.
"Morning Cole!" Abby said cheerily.
I turned to the counter and poured myself a glass.
"Want some?" I asked without looking to her.
"Sure."
I poured a second glass and left it on the counter, grabbing mine and sitting down at the dining table.
My eyes slowly adjusted to the light in the room and I looked to Abby, rubbing my eyes a moment, because surely I wasn't seeing things correctly.
My eyes fully adjusted and then shot wide open. Abby was wearing a French maid's outfit, black with white trim. And nothing else! No bra. No underwear. Nothing! Her back was to me and I watched as she motioned around the counter, her thick, strong, long legs completely bare up to where the trim of the maid's skirt just barely covered her ass. Straps laced over her shoulders leaving her mid-back completely bare. A choker collar clasped around the back of her neck and she pulled her hair back and upright.
Then she turned around towards me.
Abby tilted her head to the side and smiled. The front of the maid's outfit was nearly see-through and for the first time I got a decent look at her chest. Her breasts were covered but I could still tell how perky and firm they were. And they looked like C-cups in size. Holy shit! I couldn't believe this. Abby always wore such baggy clothing and I assumed her breasts were smaller than they actually are. Even the other day when I walked in on her and all she had on was a bra - it must have covered her good because I had no idea they were this big!
Abby picked up her coffee and took a sip. Her lips smacked together as she swallowed.
"MMMmmmm, thanks for the coffee, Cole," she said winking at me.
"Hey, no problem!" I said a little too excited.
Abby tipped her mug of coffee to the side, purposefully spilling a few drops onto the floor.
"Oops!" Abby said. "Let me clean that up!"
Abby grabbed a paper towel and bent over at the waist, dabbing the floor with it. Her breasts hung down under her, wobbling side to side ever so slightly. And I didn't hesitate.
My cock was aching for release. I pulled my pants down and grabbed my cock, jerking off right away, staring at Abby's cleavage. Abby look up and saw my cock under the table, smiled, and looked back at the floor.
"Oh this stain just won't come up!" Abby said, turning her body around so her bare ass and pussy were staring me in the face under the skirt of her outfit.
"I really have to put my whole body into this one," Abby said teasing as she began to rock her body forwards and back, scrubbing at the floor. With each forward and back motion her jiggly ass lightly clapped together over her pussy, and I started to imagine myself fucking her from behind. My hard cock reaching nearer and nearer until it pressed right into her vagina. In and out with each of Abby's forward and back motions, her ass clapping against my penis as it penetrated her. I started furiously stroking my cock.
Abby stood back up, tossed the paper towel away, grabbed her coffee again and took a sip.
"Oh, Cole!" Abby pretended to be surprised I had my cock in my hands. "You're such a naughty boy!" she said, then spilling a bit of her coffer over her chest as if by accident.
"Oh, look what you made me do!" she moaned.
Abby, as if nothing at all, pulled the sides of the maid's outfit over her breasts and in towards her sternum, fully exposing her chest.
I was shocked again by how incredible her boobs were. For their size they were still incredibly perky, her small pink nipples pointing straight outward.
Abby moved her hands over them, pressing her hands into each one smearing a thin, shimmering coat of coffee over them, then grabbed a towel and proceeded to wipe the coffee off her breasts, jiggling as she did so.
My cock was immensely hard at this point and I was very close to cumming. Abby walked over to me and bent over, her breasts nearly touching my face. She looked down at my cock.
"You ARE a naughty boy. Well, are you going to cum so I can clean you up?" she asked.
"Oh god. Any second," I replied.
"Maybe this will help."
Abby turned around and bent over again, hypnotically twisting her hips side to side as she backed up ever so slowly, her pussy mere inches away from my cock. I started to feel the heat emanating off her pussy, and that put me over the edge.
"Oh god, Abby. I'm cumming!" I warned her. I ejaculated several times right onto her ass and I thrust my hips forward and back a bit to help emphasize the feeling of really fucking Abby. My orgasm subsided and I relaxed in my seat.
Abby walked away for a moment and cleaned my cum off her ass with another paper towel, slid her maid's outfit back over her breasts and grabbed her mug.
"Thanks again for the coffee," Abby smiled, and walked out of the room.
"Wait!" I called out to her.
Abby stopped and turned.
"Yeah?"
"Where in the hell did you even get that outfit?" I asked.
Abby just giggled, raised her eyebrows at me, and left.
"Holy shit!" was all I could think.
I didn't see Abby the rest of the day.
Two days until Jackie returns:
I heard the door to my room creak open the next morning, but I was only half awake and didn't pay it any attention. It wasn't until I felt someone crawling on top of me when I opened my eyes.
Abby, wearing a loose pair of sweatpants but completely topless, had slithered on to me as I lied in bed. She flipped one leg over me, straddled my pelvis and immediately started grinding her hips forwards and back, her thighs and pussy gliding over my penis.
"Abby!" I nearly shouted. "Abby we can't do this, not yet!" It took everything I had in my half-woken state to tell her to stop. It already felt so good!
Abby stopped rocking her hips a moment.
"It's alright, Cole," she said with a comforting smile. "Look!"
Abby pointed to the silk sheet that covered me.
"See?" she added. "This is between us, so technically we're not touching."
"That seems like semantics to me, Abby," I said.
"Isn't this whole thing semantics?" she asked.
Abby started rocking her hips again. I was only wearing a pair of boxers and started to get hard already. There was so little fabric between us I could really feel her body pressing into mine.
"Yeah," I relented. "You're right."
Abby smiled again. "I knew you'd see it that way!"
I watched as Abby's breasts motioned forwards and clapped back against her chest with each rock of her hips, grinding her pussy over my cock.
"MMMMmmmmmm, yeah, that's it," Abby said, able to tell I was getting harder and clearly enjoying it. It felt like my cock was right us against her pussy now as she started to make smaller, faster motions with her hips.
"Fuck this feel so good!" I told her. "Abby you're so hot!"
Abby tilted her head back, her straight brunette hair falling back over her shoulders. I watched her hip bones becoming more prominent as she moved them forwards and then receding back into her soft body and under the waistline of her sweatpants as she motioned away.
"Ooooohhhhh, God your cock feels so good, Cole! I can't wait until I get to fuck you!" Abby called out. "I want you inside me so bad!"
Hearing Abby moan like that made me harder and harder. My cock was ready to explode already.
"Oh god, Abby I'm going to cum soon!" I told her.
"Me too, me too! Hold on!" Abby said, her breath getting heavy.
Abby leaned forwards now, allowing her breasts to fall down below her. They rolled in circular motions as she grinded my cock faster and harder, faster and harder. I desperately wanted to reach out and grab her breasts, but held myself back.
"Oh god, I'm cumming!" Abby called out. "I'm cumming I'm cummingggggggg!"
At the same time I felt my cock pulse cum into my boxers, and Abby felt it too, as her entire pelvis spasmed right after I started to ejaculate.
Abby quickly slowed her grinding to a halt and slid herself off the bed. She picked up her night shirt off the ground and put it back on.
"That was a good way to wake up!" I said.
"You're welcome!" Abby replied. "Hey I have to hurry up and get to work. Damn I don't even have time to shower either, I'll have to take one tonight when I get back..."
Abby trailed off in thought.
"I have to get ready for work too. I'll catch you later tonight!" I told her.
Abby winked at me and left the room.
"Well!" I thought. "I guess this is my life now..."
I sat up and got myself ready for the day.
I got back home late, almost 9pm. I stepped inside, took off my shoes and headed up stairs to change. I walked down the hall I heard a hum in the bathroom and saw a light on from a crack under the door. I walked over to it and sure enough the humming noise was coming from the shower. I knew Abby was in there, and immediately had an idea to surprise her this time.
I walked over and as quietly as I could, I twisted the door knob, just to check if it was unlocked. It was, and I slowly released it back to its original position. I quickly took off my clothes right there in the hallway. Shirt. Pants. Underwear. I was completely naked. Just standing in the hall with no clothes on felt rather invigorating. My penis started to swell with excitement. I put my hand back on the doorknob and again, twisted as slowly and quietly as I could, pressing the door open and slowly releasing the doorknob again. I stepped inside and pressed the door towards the door frame, but not closing it all the way, to stay as quiet as possible.
The bathroom was steamy, and I easily slipped right up to the shower, right next to the opaque curtain where I could just vaguely make out the body on the other side. My cock was rock hard thinking about a wet, naked Abby bathing on the other side.
I stepped a little closer to the shower, and there was a creak from the floor.
"Cole?" Abby questioned quickly.
I tossed the shower curtain aside. Abby was immediately a little startled, but quickly relief fell over her.
"Cole you big jerk!" Abby said, reaching out of the shower and shoving me. "For a second I thought you were the killer from 'Psycho'.
Abby put her hand to her chest, feeling her heart beat, but brought attention to her silky wet breasts. Abby, once the shock wore off, noticed the fact that I was naked.
"Damn," Abby started. "Well are you going to get in here with me or what?!"
Abby stepped aside and I hoped into the shower. Abby's body looked even better wet from the shower, and this was the first time I got to check her out completely naked. Her stomach was flat but soft and complemented her ass and chest wonderfully. Abby's hand went straight to her glistening pussy and began rubbing. I followed, making a loose hand around my cock and stroking it forwards and back.
"MMMmmmm," Abby moaned. "You know, being frightened of getting stabbed to death in the shower really gets your adrenaline going," she joked.
"Heh! Sorry, I honestly wasn't even thinking about that! How dumb of me," I told her.
It was incredibly hot to be talking nonchalantly while masturbating in front of each other. We'd done this a few times now but I was just as horny as the first time, if not more so now. I already had to fight off my orgasm.
"How was your day?" I asked matter-of-factly, staring down at her pussy.
Abby got more aggressive, wiggling her hips around in addition to increasing the speed of her hand motioning around her clit.
"It was kind of a tough day." Abby paused, then slipped her middle and index fingers into her vagina. "Ooooohhhhhhh," Abby moaned. "I really need to relieve some stress..." Abby put a hand on my shoulder and leaned forward, whispering wetly in my ear "...with your big, hard cock."
Abby leaned back, licking her lips and tossing her wet hair to the side.
Beads of water trickled down our bodies, a heavy steam swirled throughout the bathroom. Abby began to moan again and I started to hear the sucking, suction noises of her pussy as her finger continued to pump in and out of it.
"Oh god, you're so hot!" I told Abby. "God I want to fuck you so bad right now!"
"Oh keep talking dirty, Cole!" Abby cheered me on. "Oh jerk off that hard cock for me!"
"I want to pump my thick cock inside of you!" I continued. "I want to cum in your tight little pussy!"
"Oh god, Cole I'm going to cum! Oooooooooohhhhh yes, baby!"
Abby's fingers restlessly jerked in and out of her pussy and her entire, soaking wet body started to tremble. I could hardly contain myself any longer. I was stroking my cock as fast as I could. It was ready to erupt with cum.
"Cum for me, baby! Please cum all over me!" Abby chanted. "Ooohhhhh, yeah!"
I held on for one last stroke before I ejaculated harder than I ever had in my life. Cum shot out, clinging to Abby's chest and stomach.
"Ohhhh, god yes! Yes, Cole! Keep Cummingggggggg!"
Abby orgasmed just as hard as I did, her entire body trembling. She put a hand back on my shoulder to keep from falling over.
"I don't know how much more jerking off my cock can take," I told Abby as we both leaned on each other, catching our breath.
Abby laughed. "We got, what, two more days?"
"Two more days," I said.
After we composed ourselves we actually washed up a bit, Abby cleaning my cum off her and the both of us lathering up and washing our bodies, taking turn under the shower head, careful not to bump into each other as we shuffled and shimmied past each other while we switched, all the while I got to admire Abby's naked chest and ass while she bathed.
Once we were done we hoped out and dried off.
"Where are your clothes?" Abby asked.
"I took them off in the hallway," I admitted.
Abby and I laughed a bit at that. I'm not even sure why, but it was funny for some reason. Abby took some extra time to dry her hair and we got our pajamas on and met back up in the living room. Abby and I decided to watch a movie. I made some popcorn and Abby picked 'Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me'.
"I was looking for 'Psycho'," she said, looking at me with a smirk. "But this'll have to do."
"Good choice," I said smiling.
We laughed throughout the entire movie, and Abby fell asleep on my shoulder near the end. I picked her up once the movie was over and carried her to bed. I tucked her in under the covers and turned off the lights, and headed to my room for the night.
One day until Jackie returns:
I hadn't heard from Abby the following morning. I assumed she was sleeping in and so I ate breakfast and left for the day. When I got back home that night I was pretty exhausted and I sprawled out on the couch in the living room, and watched some TV to zone out.
I had a long day and it was pretty late so I assumed Abby was already asleep for the night. An episode of Rick and Morty that I had already seen a few times was on, and I started to nod off, when I heard a few creaks in the hallway upstairs.
I looked over towards the stairs and saw Abby start to descend. I closed my eyes and stretched my arms and legs out in a sprawling yawn, then opened my eyes again.
And, as I should have suspected by now, Abby reached the bottom of the stairs and stood, staring at me, with no clothes on at all.
Abby leaned to her left resting one arm on the railing of the stairs, her right hip slanted upwards, annunciating the curve of her hips and ass as extensions of her long, lithe legs. Her C-cup breasts hung from her chest, curving upwards slightly, soft and firm, large yet still perky and supple.
I sat up immediately to get a better look at her body. Abby continued to stare at me, one eyebrow lofted slightly higher than the other, her deep eye shadow lending a sexy yet mysterious look.
"I thought you were going to be home hours ago," Abby stated.
"Sorry" I replied. "Got caught up with work, I guess." I shrugged my shoulders.
Something about Abby made a little nervous this time. Excited, but also a little nervous.
I could feel my cock start to swell, and my hand instinctively started to rub it from outside my jeans as if it were normal to be touching myself in front of my roommate. I wasn't even thinking about it, I just went right to touching myself in front of her.
Then again, Abby was completely naked.
"I was waiting for the last few hours!" Abby groaned, starting to slowly walk forwards. "I was about to give up and masturbate all by myself!"
Abby slowed her walk even more, then got down on the floor on her hands and knees.
"I, uh," I stammered. "I'm glad you waited!" I said, my heart pounding in my chest.
Abby started crawling towards me like a cat on all fours, her ass lifting and releasing, left, right, left, right, with each slow, forwards motion of her hips as she crept, never breaking contact with her dark, sexy eyes.
"Me too," Abby said in a soft whisper.
"So," she added, her shoulder blades sliding against her bare back as she inched closer.
"Here's the deal." Abby came to a stop about five feet away from where I sat on the couch, still on her hands and knees, looking up at me. "You're going to do what I tell you, and you're not going to cum until I say it's ok. Got it?"
"Ye-yes ma'am!" I said.
"Good," Abby said assertively. "Now then," she began whispering again, "it's about time you took some of those clothes off, wouldn't you agree?"
I stood up and pulled my shirt off, past my broad shoulders and up over my head, then quickly dropped my jeans to the floor and stepped out of them. My cock was immensely hard. It wasn't leaving much to the imagination as it pressed up against my loose underwear. I grabbed the waistband of my boxers, ready to pull them off.
"Wait," Abby said. "Slowly."
I paused a moment, then slipped the waistband down over my left hip, then my right, taking them off inch by inch. The band reached my cock, and I tossed my boxers off, my erection bouncing up and down a few times before settling into position. Abby stared at it, her mouth hanging open.
"Oh, Cole!" she exclaimed. "MMMMmmmmm, I've been waiting for this for hours. Please start jerking it off for me. Pretty please?"
Abby started wiggling her body side to side with excitement, and I could barely contain myself as well as I watched Abby's soft breasts hanging under her, swaying side to side, her small pink nipples pointy and erect.
I grasped my cock with my hand and started motioning forwards and back. Abby scurried forward more and got up off her hands, kneeling now, her head right next to my cock. She watched intently as I stroked it.
"Faster, Cole!" Abby said with excitement, "Stroke your thick, hard cock for me!"
I did as she said, quickening my pace. Abby grabbed both of her breasts, squeezing them together, her mouth still gaping open.
Abby brought her mouth to a few centimeters from my cock. I could feel her warm, wet breath against it as her breathing got deep and heavy, her chest rising and falling as if trying to catch her breath.
I started to stroke it even harder now, Abby's warm breath turning me on even more.
"Ohhhh, baby. Want to see my hot, wet pussy, Cole?"
All I could do was nod.
Abby leaned back, stood up for a moment, and took a seat on the coffee table in front of me. Abby spread her legs apart, opening the lips of her pussy, presenting her vagina to me. Her pussy was glossy and wet, the opening to her vagina looked incredibly tight.
"Oh god, Abby," I started. "I don't think I can last much longer!" I warned.
"You can't cum yet!" she scolded. "Not until I tell you." Abby winked at me, then licked her lips. She turned back, watching my cock as she lowered her own hand down over her pussy and started to rub it in circular motions.
"Cole, my pussy's so hot for your hard cock! I want it inside me so bad!"
I slowed my hand considerably, otherwise I would have cum right there. I was on the verge of orgasming.
"Oh Cole," Abby moaned. "Please jerk off for me! I'm begging you oh god!"
Abby's moaning got louder and louder. I was barely even touching my cock any more. The slightest motion at this point was going to put me over the edge.
Abby's hand furiously rubbed her pussy, her hand motioning up and down in tiny vibrations. Abby got back down on her knees, her face right in front of my cock.
"Oh Cole, cum for me!" Abby chanted. "Cum for me! Cum all over my tits!"
I grasped my cock once again and in a single pump, I ejaculated. Cum spewed out, shooting onto Abby's breasts, covering them. Several waves loaded onto her, dripping down onto her body.
"Oh god, Cole! That was SO worth the wait!" Abby said giddily, lying back over the table, catching her breath.
I got up and handed her some paper towels, and she cleaned herself up.
"Jesus, Abby," I said. "Thank goodness you told me to cum. I wasn't going to last another second!"
Abby and I laughed, and we both got our clothes back on.
"I'm impressed you lasted as long as you did!" Abby said.
"It's only because I was trying to hold back. Otherwise I would have cum before you finished crawling over here on your hands and knees. God that was so hot! Abby you're sexy as hell!" I told her. "I can't get you out of my head!"
Abby smiled, and we sat on the couch together.
"When does Jackie get back?" she asked.
"Tomorrow. Her flight lands at 10am so she'll probably be back around 11."
I thought about that for a moment. Jackie was going to be home tomorrow? It seemed like I had developed an entirely new life in the several days she'd been gone.
"I can't believe she'll be back tomorrow," I said aloud.
"Are you nervous?" Abby asked.
"Yeah," I admitted. "That just hit me now. I have to break up with her..." I trailed off a bit.
We were quiet for a moment.
"Honestly," I said looking up towards Abby. "I can't wait for it to be over."
Abby smiled brightly.
Jackie returns:
"When?" Abby asked, sitting on the couch.
I paced back and forth in front of her.
"Like, 30 minutes?" I shrugged my shoulders and looked over at the clock.
10:30am.
"She texted me half an hour ago that the plane landed and the airport is about an hour away," I added.
"Well," Abby started. She had a glare in her eye, and I knew what she was thinking.
"We can't," I moaned. "Not now, are you nuts! Jackie will be here soon!"
"It seems like you need something to take your mind off of Jackie for a bit," Abby said, teasing her shirt up over her flat stomach and bringing her hand up to her chest, cupping her breast.
"I can help you relax," she said in a deep, playful voice. "Thirty minutes is plenty of time!"
"No, Abby," I whispered harshly, as if there were someone around that could actually hear us. "There's no way!"
Abby rolled her body around on the couch, taking her shirt off as she did so. She stopped while on her back, unzipped her pants, and lifted her hips up in the air, taking those off as well.
"Well, I'm just going to sit here and masturbate for you one more time," Abby said. "Feel free to join me!" Abby winked at me, already down to her red bra and lace underwear, and I knew I could only resist for so long.
Abby slid her hand under her panties and slowly motioned her hand around her pussy, grinding her pelvis in small circular motions in the air as she did so.
"MMmmmmmm, Cole this feels so good!" Abby moaned as she looked at me with her dark eyes, my cock starting to ache as it stiffened, pressing hard into the crotch of my pants.
Abby paused a moment, lifting her hips up in the air as she lied on her back, bringing her underwear to her knees and then down to her ankles. She kicked them off towards me, landing on the floor off to my right. Abby then rested her pelvis back down to the couch.
"I bet you didn't know I could do this," Abby trailed off.
Abby spread her legs far apart, letting me look at her small, pink pussy. It was glossy and wet, her lips spreading apart so I could see her clit and the opening to her vagina. Then, Abby brought her legs back, reaching her feet behind her head! She reached around her leg with her right arm and placed it over her pussy again, pressing her fingers into her clit and rubbing in vibrating circles.
Abby's breath got heavier and her chest rose and fell with each desperate breath.
"Oh Cole, masturbate with me. Please jerk off that hard cock. Please jerk off for me!"
I couldn't believe what I was seeing! I knew Abby was pretty flexible but I never could have imagined this! Never in my life had I wanted to fuck someone as badly as I did in that moment. Abby's tight hot pussy was begging for my cock as I got a look at her full round ass like never before.
I ripped my pants and boxers down to my ankles in a single motion and kicked them off my feet. My penis was so hard it was almost painful not to relieve myself in some way. I stepped right up to Abby, standing over her, my erect cock hovering above her body as she plunged her fingers into her vagina,.
"Ohhhhhhhhh, yes!" Abby called out. "Oh Cole I need you inside me!"
I gripped my cock and immediately started jerking off. Abby's free hand reached out to touch my cock, but stopped a few inches away, teasing, then pulled it back down and squeezed her breast. Abby's legs still flexed behind her head.
I could hear a wet slurping suction with each outward motion of Abby's fingers as they exited her pussy before another pump back inside. Her pace quickened, as did mine.
I gripped my cock tighter and started motioning forwards and back faster and faster, thrusting my hips forwards and back, imagining that I was actually fucking Abby.
Abby pulled her fingers out of her vagina and brought her legs back down from behind her head. She rolled onto her back and then picked herself up onto her knees and turned around, her ass facing me at the same level as my erection as she leaned over the backrest of the couch. Abby reached her hand back and slid her fingers between her lips and began to rub her clit.
"Ooohhhhh, Cole! My pussy is aching for your cock to be inside me!" Abby moaned. "I want your cock in me So Bad!"
Abby's hand swirled around her pussy, and she teased her ass backwards and forwards, inching it nearer to my cock and then away as if I were fucking her from behind. I could feel the heat from her pussy getting hotter and hotter.
"Oh god, Abby! I want to fuck you so hard right now!"
Abby pressed her ass backwards again, but this time she went farther than before, and the head of my penis pressed into her pussy. The wetness and the heat were irresistible.
"Cole, you have to fuck me!"
I let go of my cock and grasped Abby's ass with both hands, forcing her back into me as my penis entered her vagina in a single, hard motion.
"OOohhhhhhh, YES!" Abby called out. "Fuck me, Cole, Fuck me!" she chanted, Abby's breath getting heavier and heavier.
I drove my cock in and out of Abby's pussy as hard as I could. I couldn't control myself. This was pure, built-up animal instinct. My hands pressed hard into Abby's jiggling ass, pulling it towards me as it clapped against my body with each forceful thrust forwards. My cock slipped in and out of Abby with ease, the soft, silky walls of her tight vagina milking my cock with each pump in and out. In and out. Faster and faster.
"Oh god I'm gonna cum!" Abby yelled.
Abby arched her back now which allowed me to penetrate her even deeper. I could feel my cock pumping into her cervix again and again.
"Abby your pussy feels amazing! I can't believe it!"
"Oh Cole, keep fucking me! Your cock feels incredible inside me I'm going to cum!"
I reached forwards and unclasped Abby's bra, which miraculously had stayed on this entire time. It dropped down to the couch and Abby's breasts hung underneath her, rocking forwards and back as we continued to fuck.
I leaned forwards and grasped her right breast, soft and firm at the same time. The feeling of her breast in my hand as I fucked her put me over the edge.
"Oh god Abby, I'm going to cum!" I warned. "I can't last any longer!"
"I'm cumming, Cole!" Abby moaned. "Keep fucking me! Oh god I'm cumming I'm cummingggg!!"
I thrust one final time into Abby's pussy, then pulled out an instant before cum erupted out of my cock as I ejaculated onto Abby's back and ass. Cum covered Abby in waves as it pulsed out of me before slowing to a drip and then stopping. Abby collapsed onto the couch, falling onto her stomach, and I fell over next to her. We took a few moments to catch out breaths and I got up and grabbed some paper towels and helped Abby clean up.
Abby and I composed ourselves, Abby finally mustering the strength to roll over. Abby sat up, put her arms around my neck, looked into my eyes a moment, than kissed me.
"Cole that was the most amazing thing!" she said, still breathing heavy. "That was the best orgasm I'd ever had!"
"Me too," I said. "Must have been from all the teasing we'd done this week. I'd never cum that hard in my whole life!"
Abby smiled and released her hands from around me. Abby and I got our clothes together and put them on. Abby finished first, and sunk into the couch, tilting her head back in a mixture of exhaustion, relief, and ecstasy.
Just as I pulled my shirt on over my head and zipped up my pants, I faintly heard footsteps walking up the pathway to the front door. The steps got louder and louder as they approached. There was a jingle of keys just on the other side of the door. A key slid into the lock and twisted, and sure enough, the doorknob twisted and the door swung open.