One man sleeping over with the bride and with three sexy women on the eve of her wedding, the maid of honor, and two bridesmaids, what are the odds of him getting lucky? I'd say pretty good.
Continued from Chapter 03:
"Oops, sorry," said Kelly again while laughing.
She wasn't sorry that she saw his cock and watched him masturbating. If anything, something she had always been curious about and something she always wanted to see, she was glad that she saw his naked prick. She only wished she could have watch him cum. With her horny before she entered his room, if she was anything, she was sexually excited. She never removed her eyes from what she could see of his big, erect, and naked prick.
She continued staring at all that she could see of his erect dick beneath his hand and, continued to stare at his throbbing and pulsating cock even after he covered his stiff prick with his sheet. As if there was a live creature under his sheet, his bedding kept moving. Leering at the impression of his engorged prick, she continued to stare at his cock tenting the sheet. She continued staring at his erect prick as if she wanted his stiff prick in her hand, in her mouth, and/or in her pussy. Obviously, she sexually wanted him as much as he sexually wanted her.
Had she not been as horny as she already was, she never would have invaded his privacy in the way she had done. Had she not been as horny as she already was, she never would have entered his bedroom without knocking. Had she not been as sexually frustrated as she already was, she never would have stood by the foot of his bed to watch him masturbate himself. Had she not been as sexually frustrated as she already was, she never would have stared at all that she could see of his erect cock as she did and in the way that she continued doing.
"Sorry, Kelly. I'm so embarrassed," he said. "Please forgive me for masturbating in your guest bedroom. I'll buy you new bedding."
She laughed.
"Don't be silly," she said laughing again. "If I wasn't engaged to Brian, I'd offer you a helping hand but I'm getting married tomorrow," she said moving her hand up and down as if giving him an imaginary hand job before holding up her diamond ring. "I'd offer to suck your cock but, sadly, we're not friends with benefits," she said laughing while unembarrassed and unashamed by what she had confessed. "I'd offer to fuck you but what would Brian say and think of me if he was to find out that I had sex with you before our wedding?"
Michael stared at Kelly's hand as if he was imagining her masturbating him. He stared at her lips as if she was imagining her sucking him. He stared at what he could see of her pussy through her transparent nightgown as if he was imagining making love to her. He stared at her as if he was still masturbating over her while imagining her naked and having sex with her naked body.
"Oh, God," he involuntarily said.
Continuing to sexually tease Michael, Kelly laughed while not dropping the sexual subject of giving him a hand job, a blowjob, and fucking him.
"Only, I don't think my future husband would appreciate me giving our groomsman a hand job, a blowjob, and/or fucking him," she said laughing. "I just thought, if you weren't too busy that we could watch a movie in my bed together," she said laughing again while staring at the sheet covering his erection again. "I not very tired. Too excited about the wedding tomorrow, I can't sleep. Since you're still awake, can you come to my room and hangout for a while after you get dressed?"
He nodded his embarrassment and his agreement at his best friend.
"Okay, just lemme get dressed," he said. "I'll only be a minute."
She closed his bedroom door behind her. Then, as if purposely wanting to see him naked again, she waited a brief moment before bursting open his door again. She couldn't believe she was horny enough and brazen enough to do what she was about to do.
"One, two, three, four, five," she whispered while giving him time to climb out of bed. "Ready or not, here I come."
As if she was a SWAT cop serving a warrant and making an arrest, she burst open his bedroom door and caught him at his most vulnerable moment. She caught him naked. Only, this time, when she burst open his bedroom door again without knocking, giving her a full frontal, naked view, she saw all that she had obviously wanted to see. This time, in the way she caught him naked while lying on the guestroom bed and masturbating himself, she caught him standing by his bed naked with his tee-shirt over his head. Seemingly not shy, embarrassed, or ashamed, she laughed while staring at his naked body before focusing her stare on his naked, semi-erect prick.
"Oops, again. Sorry, Michael. I didn't see anything," she said laughing while pretending to cover her eyes with her splayed hand. "I forgot to ask you which movie you wanted to watch. Never mind. We'll discuss that later. I'll let you get dressed," she said closing his door while giggling.
Chapter 04:
Obviously, by the embarrassed look on his face, Michael couldn't believe Kelly saw him naked again. Obviously, by the sexually excited look on his face, he couldn't believe she saw his erect, naked cock again when she barged in his room for the second time. In the way she stared at his naked prick, the same way that he stared at her transparent nightgown, clearly, she was just as interested in having sex with him as much as he was interested in having sex with her.
He always had a crush on her. Something he never thought would happen, with her breaking up their circle of close friends, it was too bad she's getting married tomorrow. Yet, now that she saw him naked, not once but twice, and he had seen much of her nearly, naked body through her transparent nightgown, perhaps they could have some sexy fun before she was married.
How hot would that be to have sex with her the eve of her wedding? Perhaps, they could have some sexy fun after she was married too. Something they should have had long ago; how hot would that be to have sex with her after she was married? How hot would that be to become friends with benefits?
Now that he felt a sexual spark, namely an erection, he wished he had more time to cultivate a love relationship. Moreover, now that she said she'd give him a hand job, if only in teasing, he wished she'd give him a hand job. Now that she said, if only in teasing, she'd give him a blowjob, he wished she'd give him a blowjob. He wished she'd allow him to make love to her before fucking her. He'd love nothing more than to have sex with Kelly before her wedding. How hot would that be to make Brian's bride cum while screaming out his name instead of her fiancé's name?
"Here cums the bride, my little whore," he said to himself and for no one else to hear. "All dressed in white."
If she wasn't getting married tomorrow, especially in the horny way that he felt now, no doubt, he'd make a pass at her. If she wasn't getting married tomorrow with her seemingly so intent on seeing his naked prick again, he'd put her hand on his cock before pushing her to her knees for her to put her mouth on his stiff prick. He'd love for her to stroke him while sucking him.
Yet, that ship had already sailed. Too little, too late, her heart belonged to another man. Lucky that she saw his naked prick and he saw so much of her nearly, naked body, but she'd never have a sexual affair with him on the eve of her wedding. At least, the next time that he masturbated over her, he'd have something to make him cum fast and hard.
Oddly enough, in all the years they had known one another, they never hooked up. In all the years they had known one another, they never got together sexually. In all the years they had known one another, she never saw him naked and he never saw any more of her than an up-skirt flash of her panties or a down-blouse flashes of her bra and cleavage. Yet, now, as if she was naked too, clearly, he had seen so very much of her nearly, naked body through her sheer and sexy nightgown.
With her dating this one while he dated that one, the timing was never right. Yet, when alone with his bad self, always thinking about her whenever his hand was stroking his prick, he knew there was a love connection, a spark, and a mutual, sexual attraction between them, at least and especially on his end. After she caught him masturbating over her and stared at his naked prick, after she exposed her nearly, naked body to him, he wished he had another shot at her to sexually seduce her.
Now that Kelly was getting married and would no longer be available, not having to look very far, he wondered about the bridesmaids, Megan and Diane, as well as Bonnie, her sister and maid of honor. Horny now, with them all very attractive, and with them all staying overnight at Kelly's house, he'd love to get together with any one of them or with all of them. He'd love to have sex with any one of them or all of them.
"How hot would that be to have sex with all four women? How hot would that be to have sex with not only the bride but also with her maid of honor and with the two bridesmaids? If not with Kelly, maybe this is my chance to make a sexual connection with Megan, Diane, and/or Bonnie."
Busy with their bachelor party, he begged off attending that drunken fiasco. Aside from him staying at Kelly's house, he was glad that the groom, the groomsman, and best man weren't invited to stay at her house too. Besides, always jealous of him because he was successful in his career, he didn't get along with Kelly's intended, Brian, not nearly as well as he got along with Kelly.
He was never a man's man, a manly man, or a macho man. Not into sports and/or drinking, with him having more female friends than he had male friends, he always had more fun hanging out with the women than he did hanging out with the men. The reason why he never asked Kelly, Megan, Diane, and/or Bonnie out on a date, unless he was masturbating while thinking of them naked and having sex with them, he thought of them more as friends than he did sexual as conquests.
He'd rather have deeper conversations with women than to sit around a poker table drinking and losing money with men. He'd rather attend a ballet, an opera, or a museum than a sporting event. Honored by her invitation, it was perfect when Kelly suggested that he'd be her bridesman instead of Brian's groomsman. He never knew there was such a thing until Kelly asked him and explained what a groomsman did.
Besides, with the four women, Kelly, Megan, Diane, and Bonnie, always flirting with him and sexually teasing him, he couldn't even keep count of how many up-skirt views and down-blouse peeks they treated him to see, ogle, and masturbate over later. Yet, even though they all took obvious pleasure in flirting with him and sexually teasing him, for some reason, perhaps because they were all childhood friends and he remembered them as children, he never had sex with any of them. He never thought of them in a sexual way when he was with them. Yet, that night while alone in his room, he always thought of them sexually while imagining them naked and having forbidden sex with them.
Even though he didn't date them, clearly, he still had a sexual attraction to them all. His sexual attraction encouraged his masturbating over all of them and cumming all over his hand, his chest, and his stomach as if he was cumming in their mouths and pussies. Masturbation was his way to not only control his sexual urges but also to keep him from having sex with them all. His sexual fantasies while masturbating himself was enough to keep him from going after something deemed so sexually forbidden and off limits. Obviously, he'd rather be friends without sexual benefits than to have sex with his childhood friends.
* * * * *
Horny and sexually frustrated now, instead of putting his jeans and sweatshirt back on that he was wearing before he started masturbating himself, he decided to go to Kelly's room wearing a tee-shirt and pajama bottoms without underwear. A sexually daring move to make, his nighttime uniform of choice, and since it was bedtime anyway, he preferred his cock dangling free in his pajama bottoms. Moreover, should he get an erection, he had plenty of room to hide it with his hand. Besides, he already had an erection while thinking about all that she already saw of him while he masturbated himself and all that he already saw of her through her nightgown.
In the way that she barged in his bedroom practically naked, sexually teasing him, no doubt, she obviously wanted him to see as much as her naked body as he saw. No doubt, she wanted to expose herself to him. Just as she obviously wanted to see something of him that she had never seen before, she obviously wanted to show him something of herself that he had never seen before. Now, he wanted to return the favor of her exhibitionism with his exhibitionism and expose himself to her again.
Sexually teasing her, while hoping to expose himself to her, he hoped his prick would unexpectedly pop out of his pajama pee hole. How hot would that be to show her his naked prick, yet, again? Maybe the third time her seeing his cock would be the charm for her to sexually seduce him. Encouraged by the way that she was staring at his naked cock, maybe she was horny too. Perhaps, willing to touch him, stroke him, suck him, and/or fuck him, she wanted to have sex with him as much as he wanted to have sex with her.
"How hot would that be to have sex with Kelly after all these years of being friends? How hot would that be to have sex with Brian's bride on the eve of her wedding? How hot would that be to finally become friends with benefits after she was married?"
He'd love nothing more than to have forbidden sex with Kelly. Oddly enough, in all the years he had known her, he had never wanted to expose himself to her. Now, consumed with her seeing his naked, erect prick, he wanted to expose himself to her again.
In all the years he had known her, even though he masturbated over her while imagining having sex with her naked body, he was never attracted to her romantically. Except for when he was masturbating over her, he was never sexually attracted to her. He was never interested in dating her. Now, he wanted to see her naked. Now, if she'd let him, he'd have sex with her.
"As she had already hinted, if I give her another glass of wine, with her unable to hold her liquor, maybe, she'd give me a hand job or even a blowjob. Maybe she'd make love to me and/or fuck me," he said to himself. "Especially after she was happily married, I'd love to have her as a best friend with sexual benefits. Perhaps, what she sexually wouldn't do before she was married, she'd eagerly do after she was married. Who knows? Stranger things have happened than a newly, married wife cheating on her husband."
He quickly finished dressing and with her bedroom door already opened, he entered Kelly's bedroom. With him still having a semi-erection, he was encouraged when she stared at the bulge in his pajama bottom in the way that he stared at the impressions her erect nipples made in her sheer nightgown. With her erect nipples pushing out the thin material of her transparent nightgown in the way that his growing erection was pushing against his pajama bottoms, either she was sexually excited or she was cold. With her laying on top of her covers instead of covered by a blanket, no doubt, he figured she was the former instead of the later.
As he had written in his journal, he envied Brian with her on their Honeymoon. He envied Brian having sex with Kelly's beautiful, naked body. He envied Brian having Kelly stroke his cock, suck his cock, and fuck his cock. Now, instead of looking at Kelly as if she was his best friend, he looked at her as if she was a sexy woman and his bride. In the way she was on her bed in her sheer short, low-cut, and sexy nightgown, something he thought he'd never see, especially on the eve of her wedding, he looked at her while imagining they were on their honeymoon.
He stared at her as if he had the sudden urge to climb on top of her. After writing about her in his journal last night, if he wondered anything, he wondered what she'd do if he mounted her and tried to kiss her while touching and feeling her everywhere he should never touch and feel an engaged woman. Only, she wasn't just any woman, she was his very best, childhood friend. She wasn't just any woman, she was the soon-to-be bride of another man tomorrow. Did he dare sexually violate her when she was about to marry another man tomorrow?
Something he always wanted to do, especially now with her practically naked, if he had an urge, he had the sudden urge to tickle her. If he tickled her with her wearing this nightgown, he'd see even more of her beautiful and nearly, naked body. With her legs wildly kicking, he imagined her nightgown climbing to her waist. With her arms flailing, he imagined her naked breasts popping out of her nightgown top. In the way he was staring at her, he was obviously imagining seeing all of her naked pussy, her naked ass, and her naked tits.
If ever he saw her naked pussy, he'd have the urge to show her his naked cock again. If ever he saw her naked pussy, he'd want to lick her pussy while fingering her pussy before fucking her pussy. In the way that he now wanted to finger her while licking her after she saw his naked prick, if ever she saw his naked prick again, he'd want her to stroke him while sucking him and before fucking him. If ever she saw his naked, erect prick again, he'd want to have sex with her.
If he ever saw her naked tits, he'd want to touch her tits, feel her tits, fondle her tits, and suck her tits. If he ever saw her naked tits, after cumming in her mouth, he'd want to give her a cum bath and cum all over her naked tits too. If ever he saw her naked pussy, he'd want to finger her pussy while licking her pussy and before fucking her cunt. If he ever saw her naked ass, he'd want to touch her ass, feel her ass, fondle her ass, and squeeze her ass. If he ever saw her naked ass, he'd want to fuck her doggie style from behind.
Unable to let go of the sexy image of her naked body, he imagined tickling her again. With her arms flailing, he could only imagine her nightgown straps falling and her top sliding down to her waist. With her legs kicking, he could only imagine her naked pussy. As much as he'd love to see her naked tits, he'd love to see her naked pussy and her naked ass too. As much as he'd love to see her naked tits, naked ass, and naked pussy, he'd love to feel, touch, and fondle her naked ass, tits, and pussy.
In the way that he was staring at her, if he was imagining anything, he was imagining seeing Kelly's naked tits, ass, and pussy in the way she saw his naked prick. If ever he saw her naked ass, tits, and pussy, obvious by the way he felt about her, he wouldn't be able to control himself from kissing her, touching her, feeling her, and having sex with her. He couldn't control himself from wanting to kiss her while touching and feeling her everywhere. He wouldn't be able to control himself from wanting to make love to her before fucking her.
* * * * *
"Come in and close the door, Michael," she said raising her finger to her lips. "Shh. Everyone is sleeping. I don't want to awaken them."
As if he was her photographer, she was poised on her bed as if ready for a photoshoot. With her short nightgown already nearly up to her crotch, when he stood by the foot of her bed and looked down, he had a clear up-nightgown view of her red, trimmed pussy. Something he had never seen before and no doubt would never see again, he was seeing Kelly's cunt.
'I can't believe I'm seeing Kelly's pussy. In the way she saw my cock when she caught me masturbating myself, I'm seeing her pussy now. Wow!'
Unable to remove his eyes from her naked pussy in the way that she was unable to remove her eyes from his naked cock, he was seeing her red, trimmed pubic hair and her pussy slit. In the way that he obviously couldn't believe that Kelly had seen his naked cock, he couldn't believe that he was now seeing Kelly's naked pussy. Naked cock for naked pussy, that seemingly was a fair trade. Yet, now that he was seeing her naked pussy, he'd love to show her his naked cock again.
'Oh, my God. Something I thought I'd never see, I can't believe I'm seeing Kelly's naked cunt,' he thought while staring at all that he was seeing and all that she was showing. 'I only wish I could finger her pussy, lick her pussy, and make love to her pussy. I'd love to fuck her cunt.'
Only, now, after she saw his cock and after seeing her pussy, horny before, he was even hornier now. Especially after being interrupted when masturbating himself and not able to finish, he was sexually frustrated. After seeing her pussy, he wanted to have sex with her. After seeing her pussy, he wanted to show her his cock again but this time closer up and more personal. He loved seeing her naked pussy as much as she, obviously, loved seeing his naked cock.
'Is she unintentionally exposing herself to me or is she deliberately exposing herself to me,' he wondered? 'Maybe after catching me masturbating and seeing my erect, naked prick, she's just as horny as I am. Maybe after exposing much of her nearly, naked body to me through her sheer and sexy nightgown, she's as sexually frustrated as I am. Maybe in the way her fiancé is having sex with strippers and prostitutes at his bachelor's party, she's hoping to have last chance sex with me before she's married,' he thought. 'Maybe this is her way of sexually seducing me. Maybe she wants to have sex with me as much as I want to have sex with her.'
Whether it was unintentional or deliberate, he didn't care. He was seeing Kelly's naked pussy. He was seeing her naked cunt. After she saw all of his naked body, he couldn't believe he was seeing so much of her naked body.
With her obviously not done exposing her nearly, naked body to him, she sat up in bed Indian style and leaned forward to spread out her movies in between her shapely legs. As soon as she leaned forward, her nightgown top leaned forward and opened up with her. Now, instead of only flashing him her naked pussy, she was flashing him her naked tits too.
He stared at her naked body in the way she had stared at his naked cock. As if he was at a tennis match, with his eyes moving up and down instead of moving from side to side, he stared at her naked tits before staring at her naked pussy. From naked tits to naked pussy, he couldn't believe all that he was seeing of his best friend.
In the way he stared at her, as if he had never seen a naked woman before, he obviously couldn't believe all that he she was showing and all that he was seeing. Now, he had a great and continual up-nightgown view of her pussy and a perfect and continual down-nightgown of her breasts. In all the years he had known her, in the way she had never seen him naked, he had never seen as much of her nearly, naked body as he was seeing now.
Whenever he was alone with her in her room, morally modest around him before, she was always fully dressed or wore a robe over her nightgown. Not so tonight. Tonight, she was practically naked. If only she had flashed him before, perhaps, they would have had a sexual romance instead of a childhood friendship.
"Which movie shall we watch, Michael?"
He briefly looked at the movies.
"None of those," he said. "Since this is the eve of your wedding and your fiancé is out doing God knows what with God knows who, let's watch a dirty movie." He'd love to watch a dirty movie with his best friend. Maybe, she'd get sexually aroused. Maybe, she'd be in the sexual mood to allow him to touch her, feel her, and have premarital sex with her. "Let's pretend this is your bachelorette party," he said with a dirty laugh while hoping that he had sexually titillated her without offending her.
He turned on the TV to the X-rated movie channel. Not even having to click on a movie, they scanned the titles and were becoming sexually aroused just by the brief description of the movie available on pay-per-view. Miami Porn, Slut Eve, Burlesque, Playboy, Penthouse, Hustler, celebrity sex tapes, real swingers, big boobs, big butts, MILF, Girl on Girl, I Love You, Mommy, Group Sex, and adult porn stars, so much porn, there was too much to scan. If anything, instead of watching someone else having sex, in the way that they were looking at one another with lustful, sexual desire, clearly, they'd rather make their own X-rated movie.
"Okay. Yeah, sure," she said with a sexy laugh. "We can do that." Then, she surprised him by saying what she said next. "We can pretend that this is our Honeymoon night," she said giving him a naughty look.
He looked at her in shocked surprise. In the way that he looked at her with horniness and sexual frustration, she looked at him with horniness and sexual frustration too. In the way that he looked at her with inappropriate, sexual thoughts, she looked at him of forbidden, sexual desire. As they were always on the same page in their friendship, now they were on the same page with their horniness, sexual frustration, and forbidden sexuality.
'Pretend that this is our Honeymoon night? What did she mean by that?' Her words echoed through his horny brain. 'Does she want to have sex with me? Is that what she means by us pretending that this is our Honeymoon night? Would she dare have forbidden sex with me on the eve before taking her wedding vows? I could only wish,' he thought while continuing to stare at her naked pussy and her naked tits.
In the way that he had a blatant erection, with her pussy slit glistening, obviously wet with horniness and sexual anticipation, she was already sexually aroused. In the way that his cock was throbbing and pulsating for her to touch him, stroke him, and fuck him, her nipples were already erect for him to feel them, finger them, and suck them. As much as he'd love to lick her pussy, he'd love for her to suck his cock. A dangerous game they were playing, it was one thing to sexually tease one another by flashing one another but it would be something else entirely to actually have sex with one another.
Their little secret, just between the two of them, in the way that Brian was, no doubt, fucking some whore and having sex with strippers, he'd like nothing more than to have sex with his best friend, Kelly, before she's married. While kissing her, he'd love to touch and feel her everywhere that her husband will touch and feel her tomorrow night. He'd love her to stroke his cock and suck his cock in the way that she'll be stroking and sucking Brian's cock after their wedding reception. As if this really was their Honeymoon, he'd love nothing more than to make love to Kelly before fucking her.
* * * * *
As he always did as kids and before Kelly was engaged to be married to Brian, he climbed next to her on her bed. Only, instead of him being fully dressed, he was wearing a tee shirt and pajama bottoms without underwear. Instead of her wearing jeans and a top, or a short skirt and a blouse, or a bathrobe over her nightgown, she was wearing a very short, sheer, sexy, and low-cut nightgown. Shockingly inappropriate and forbidden, they were both practically naked.
As soon as he sat on her bed, as if her mattress was complicit in helping to expose her naked pussy to him, her nightgown climbed higher up her thigh and moved just below her crotch. If he was standing in front of her bed now, he'd have a perfect up-nightgown view of the entirety of her naked, red, trimmed pussy. If he was standing in front of her bed now, he'd see all of her naked cunt. If he was standing in front of her bed now, unable to help himself and/or control himself, he'd want to have sex with her.
Who wouldn't want to have sex with someone who looked like her? She reminded him of Kay Adams on Good Morning Football. Small and petite like her, albeit a few inches taller than Kay Adams, she was so sexy. She was so beautiful. Now that he was seeing her nearly naked, he was interested in her romantically. Only, too late, she'd be Brian's wife tomorrow.
Something she never had done before, as soon as he put his arm around her and pulled her close to cuddle, she put her hand on the top of his pajama clad thigh. As if her hand belonged there, her soft, warm hand felt good where it was. The heat of her hand not only warmed his thigh but also hardened his prick. Tempted to move her hand to his cock, he only wished she had put her hand on his cock instead of on his thigh.
While wondering if it was accidental or deliberate, as if sexually teasing him, the tip of her little finger was in contact with the side of his already engorged cock. As if she was fidgeting with her finger, and his cock was a worry stone, she ever so slowly and ever so softly moved her finger against the side of his erect prick. If that wasn't enough to sexually entice him and sexually tease him, with her nightgown so very low cut, while holding her, he had a clear, down-nightgown view of her naked breasts, her naked areolas, and her naked nipples. After seeing Kelly's naked pussy, he couldn't believe he was seeing her naked tits too.
'I can't believe I'm seeing Kelly's tits,' he thought.
If it wasn't enough that after she saw his naked cock, he saw her naked pussy. If it wasn't enough that she had seen his naked prick twice, he had seen all that she was showing him through her sheer nightgown. He had already seen her naked cunt in an up-nightgown and now was seeing her naked tits in a down-nightgown too. He couldn't believe he had already seen so very much of her nearly, naked body. With her making no move to cover her nakedness, he couldn't believe he was seeing her tits. Unable to help himself, once he saw her nipples and areolas, he was getting a bigger and harder erection.
'Does she want to have sex with me? Is that why she's flashing me her tits and pussy?'
Never thinking of her romantically, unless he was masturbating himself over her, he never thought of her as a sexual woman. He thought of her as his best friend. He thought of her in the same way that he thought of her sister Bonnie and their friends Diane and Megan. Unless he was alone in his room masturbating over imagining all of them naked and having sex with him, he thought of them as childhood friends. Now, with them on her bed and both practically naked, here was on the eve before Kelly's wedding wanting to have sex with her.
'I don't believe this,' he thought. 'With her lightly rubbing my cock with her pinky finger, I'm so horny. After seeing her naked pussy and now her naked tits, I'm so sexually frustrated. I wish I could have sex with Kelly. I wish I could finger her, lick her, and fuck her. I wish she would stroke me, suck me, and fuck me. I wish I had the courage to make a sexual move on her.'
"Well, this is it. Tomorrow is the big day," he said changing the subject to take his mind off of having sex with his best friend.
Suddenly, he felt sad that he was losing his best friend to another man. Suddenly, he felt sad that he had lost his chance to bed her after knowing her most all of his life. As if reading his sadness, she smiled up at him before leaning up to him to give him an understanding kiss on the lips. A kiss of friendship and nothing more than a peck, yet, when she kissed him on his lips, he was tempted to part her lips with his tongue.
'I so want to French kiss her while touching and feeling her everywhere,' he thought.
Something he had never done in all the years he had known her, wishing he dared to do, he was tempted to French kiss her. He wondered what it would feel like to French kiss Kelly. He wondered what she'd do if he tried to French kissed her. Would she allow him to kiss her? Would she pull away or would she return his kiss of passion with her kiss of passion? He wondered what she'd do if her touched her and felt her everywhere that Brian touched and felt her while kissing her.
'I wish I could make out with her,' he thought.
While French kissing her, he'd love nothing more than to feel her nearly, naked body through her nightgown while making out with her. While French kissing her, he'd love nothing more than to feel her tits and finger her nipples while rubbing her clit and finger fucking her pussy. While returning his French kisses with her French kisses, he'd love for her to stroke his naked prick before she sucked his cock and fucked his cock. Having never felt this way about her before, he felt this way about her now.
"I'm going to miss seeing you every day. I'm going to miss hanging out with you," she said. "I'm going to miss you, Michael."
As if he was staring at his celebrity crush, Kay Adams, he stared in her big, beautiful, brown eyes. Why he never made a sexual play for her, he had no idea. Why he never made a sexual play for her sister, Bonnie, and/or their best friends, Diane and Megan, he had no idea. Now, he wished he had bedded them all multiple times. Now, he wished he had sex with every one of them. Now he wished they were all friends with benefits. He'd have so much more fodder to masturbate over had he seen them all naked and had sex with them all.
"We have tonight," he said as a hint while hoping she'd take him up on that.
In the way she leaned up to kiss him again, he leaned to her and kissed her too. Only, wishing he had the nerve to part her lips and French kiss her, he didn't dare. Yet, when he leaned down to her and pulled her closer, her nightgown sleeve was off her shoulder and her nightgown top had fallen wide open. Instead of her pinky finger resting against his erection, her hand was on top of his erection. As much as he couldn't believe her nightgown top was wide open, and he had the perfect view of her naked breasts, he couldn't believe her hand was on his erect prick.
He so wanted her to wrap her fingers around his pajama clad cock. He so wanted her to pull his prick from his pajamas in the way that he wanted to remove her breasts from her nightgown. He so wanted her to touch his naked prick, stroke his naked prick, and such his naked prick. He so wanted to have sex with Kelly.
* * * * *
"Michael," she said feigning her shocked surprise with a nervous, little laugh while looking up at him before looking down at his throbbing cock and before looking up at him again. "You have an erection," she said with a laugh while calling attention to the elephant in the room without shame or embarrassment and while not removing her hand. "In all the years we hung out in my bedroom and on my bed, you never had an erection," she said giving his erect cock a gentle squeeze.
He looked at her with embarrassment. He looked at her with shame. He looked at her in horror as if she was about to banish him from her bedroom. Then, when she squeezed his cock, he looked at her with sexual excitement.
"Sorry," he said not meaning it while putting his hand over her hand for her to keep her hand on his engorged prick. "As you know when catching me masturbating, I've been horny."
Sexually teasing him, when he removed his hand from her hand, she slowly slid her manicured finger along the length of his cock and back again. Then, in the way that he'd love to finger her nipple, she took the tip of his engorge prick between her thumb and index finger. She fondled the head of his erect prick while looking up at him before staring down at his engorged prick.
"Have I sexually excited you, Michael," she asked as if she didn't know? Is your erection because of me?" Then, she gave him a sexy smile and a naughty look. "Is your erection for me?" When he didn't answer her, she paused before continuing to sexually tease him. "Do you like what I'm doing? Does this feel good?" She stared down at his throbbing and pulsating prick before she looked up at him.
When she laughed while she continued to sexually teased him, he looked at her as if she was insane. Accustomed to her saying whatever came to her mind without filtering it, he looked at her as if she was sexually seducing him. He looked at her as if she was sexually playing him. He looked at her with horniness and lustful desire. After all that he had seen of her and she had seen of him tonight, how could she even ask him that question?
"Duh," he said with a laugh. He looked at her as if she was joking. "If it wasn't enough you saw me naked and watched me masturbating myself, look at what you're wearing now," he said staring down at her. "I can see every sexy and naked part of you. I've already seen your naked pussy and not I'm seeing your naked tits," he said staring at all that he could see of her naked breasts. "And to answer your question, yes, I like what you're doing, and yes, that feels good, really good."
Not stopping there, he put a finger to the top of her nightgown and looked in her big, brown eyes before pulling her top forward and all the way open to expose even more of her naked breasts. He stared down at all that he could see of her shapely, albeit modest, naked tits. Summoning the sexual courage, he was ready to reach his hand inside to fondle her naked breasts and finger her erect nipples. He stared at her areolas and her nipples but before he could reach his hand inside of her nightgown, she slapped his hand away to stop him from seeing anymore of her nakedness.
"Michael! Stop. Oh, my God," she said laughing while pulling her nightgown top closed. "Don't do that. I can't believe you just saw my naked tits."
In a quick pull, he pulled her nightgown all the way up to her waist to flash him her naked pussy again.
"I saw your naked pussy, too," he said with a dirty laugh while reminding her that he saw her naked cunt, too. "Wow, Kelly. I've never seen as much of your naked body as I'm seeing tonight," he said. "I wish we had played this naked game years ago. Maybe, we'd be getting married instead of you marrying Brian."
She quickly pulled her nightgown down.
"Oh, my God, Michael. I can't believe you exposed my naked tits and my naked pussy to your horny eyes," she said laughing. "How dare you? I'm getting married tomorrow and you're practically stripping me naked. "What would Brian think? What would he say if he knew were relaxing on my bed when we're both nearly naked?"
He smiled.
"I think Brian would be angry that I saw his fiancé naked and was here with her on your bed," he said with a laugh. "Besides, naked tits and naked pussy for naked cock. What's fair is fair. Since you saw me naked, it's only fair that I see you naked too," he said. "Besides, God only knows what Brian is doing at his Bachelor's party with naked strippers and naked prostitutes."
She looked up at him without embarrassment or shame. Instead, she looked up at him with sexual excitement while he stared down at her with horniness. She looked up at him as if she was expecting him to kiss her. She looked up at him as if she wanted him to kiss her.
"Tell me, Michael. You didn't say," she said coyly while looking down at herself before staring up at him. "Do you like my sexy nightgown? Isn't it beautiful?"
He laughed.
"Do I like your sexy nightgown? Duh? Are you kidding me? Like is an understatement. I love your sexy nightgown. The only thing better than seeing you in this nightgown would be seeing you naked," he said laughing while giving her the eye along with his sexy, sexual hint of nudity. No longer able to control his sexual lust for her, he blurted out what he was thinking. "I'd love to see you naked, Kelly."
She returned his eye with her eye while giving him a sexy look and a naughty smile.
"Since you've already said that twice, I imagine you'd love to see me naked," she said looking at him as if she was sexually teasing him. She stared at him staring at her before she blurted out what he was obviously thinking. "Tell me and be honest," she said pausing after testing the water and before saying what she said next. "Would you like to see me naked?"
He stared down at her staring up at him.
"Would I like to see you naked?" He laughed. "Are you kidding me? Seriously?" He looked at her to see if she as joking. "Yes, of course," he said. "I'd love to see you naked, Kelly. I'd love nothing more than to see you without your clothes and without this nightgown getting in the way of seeing your beautiful, naked body."
Sexually obliging him, she laughed again while pulling up her nightgown to the top of her pubic hair. As he stared down at the very tops of her shapely thighs and at her naked, red pussy, she laughed again while removing her arms from her nightgown straps, first one and then the other. She stared at him staring at her.
"Are you daring me to get naked?"
He laughed and nodded his head.
"No, I'm not daring you to get naked," he said with a laugh. "I'm double daring you to get naked," he said. "I double dare you to get naked, Kelly."
While biting her lip with trepidation and sexual anticipation, she looked up at him as if daring him to get naked too.
"I'll get naked if you get naked," she said looking down at the bulge his erection made in his pajama bottoms while pushing her nightgown top lower, just above her areolas and nipples, to reveal the tops of her naked breasts. "I double dare you to get naked, Michael."
* * * * *
Not wasting another second with his indecision, and not allowing her to change her mind, as if his clothes were on fire, he sat up in bed and removed his tee-shirt before removing his pajama bottom. Naked now, he couldn't believe he was in bed naked with Kelly and with a massive erection. In the way that Brian was no doubt naked with a stripper and/or a prostitute tonight and would soon be naked with Kelly tomorrow night on their Honeymoon, Michael was naked with Kelly tonight.
In the way he had been staring at her naked pussy and her naked tits, she stared at his naked cock. Not one to pass on a double dare, Kelly sat up in bed and removed her nightgown. Obviously wanting to show him her naked body, she was naked when she turned to face him. They were both in her bed naked. He stared at her in the way that she stared at him. The eve before her wedding and she was naked with her best friend.
If only Brian knew that she was naked with Michael, what would he say? What would he think? What would he do? Would he be angry enough to break off the engagement and cancel the wedding? Yet, what was good for the gander was good for the goose. If he could be naked with strippers and prostitutes, then she could be naked with Michael.
"Oh, my God, Kelly. You're so beautiful," he said.
She looked down where he was staring at her naked breasts.
"I'm so horny," she said while staring at his naked prick. "With the both of us busy at work and busy with the preparations for the wedding, I haven't had sex with Brian in a few weeks," she confessed. She gave him another sexy smile and a naughty look. "Only if you want to," she said coyly with shyness. "It's up to you but," she paused while biting her lip and while looking up at him with nervousness. "Do you want to make out?"
'Make out,' he thought while not believing what she had just asked?
If it wasn't enough that they were both naked, he couldn't believe she asked if he wanted to make out with her. He looked at her as if she was his girlfriend. He stared at her as if she was his newly wedded wife.
"Make out?" He looked at her as if he was going to explode with horniness. "Do you mean kissing you," he said while pausing, "while touching you and feeling you everywhere?"
She gave him a big smile.
"Yes," she said. "I'm asking you if you'd like to kiss me while touching me and feeling me everywhere while I touch you and feel you everywhere too. As much as I want to touch you while kissing you, I want you to touch me while kissing me, too," she said with a nervous laugh.
He looked at her as if he was dreaming. He looked at her as if he was having a sexual fantasy. He looked at her as if he was still in his room masturbating himself while imaging being in bed naked with Kelly.
"My last chance before you're married and gone from me forever, oh, God, yes, Kelly," he said taking her in her arms and kissing her. "I'd love nothing more than to make out with you while touching and feeling your naked body everywhere."
This time, when he kissed her, he parted her lips with his tongue and she returned his French kiss with her French kiss. Then, when she wrapped her soft, manicured fingers around his hard, erect prick, he fondled her breasts while fingering her nipples. When she slowly stroked him, he reached down and touched her where he always wanted to touch her. In the way that he parted her lips with his tongue, he parted her pussy lips with his fingers. In the way that she was masturbating him, he was masturbating her.
Then, she said something that was even more shocking than telling him that she'd get naked if he got naked. She said something that was even more shocking than asking him if he wanted to make out with her. She said something that he imagined her saying whenever he was masturbating himself and whenever he was imagining cumming in Kelly's beautiful mouth.
"I've always wanted to blow you," she said staring down at his prick before staring up at him. "I've always wanted to suck your cock," she said leaning up to him to whisper her sexual need to make love to his cock with her mouth in his ear. She looked at him with foreboding before she looked at him with sexual desire. "I've always imagined you cumming in my mouth and me swallowing your cum." Then, as if that wasn't enough, she said even more. "I've always imagined you giving me a cum bath."
He couldn't believe she admitted that she always wanted to blow him. He couldn't believe she always wanted to suck his cock. He couldn't believe that she confessed that she wanted him to cum in her mouth and that she wanted to swallow his cum. If that wasn't enough, he couldn't believe that she always imagined him giving her a cum bath. He laughed a nervous laugh while not sure if she was serious about blowing him or was sexually teasing him about him giving her a cum bath.
"Oh, Kelly," he said with a dirty laugh while playing her sexual game along with her. "As if you can read my mind, I've always wanted you to blow me. I've always wanted you to suck my cock," he said with another laugh. "I've always wanted to cum in your mouth and watch you swallow my cum. I've always wanted to give you a cum bath."
She slid halfway down the length of the bed and took him in her hand again before taking him in her mouth. Stroking him while sucking him, and while making all the cock sucking sounds that men love to hear when they're being blown, she made him the hardest he had ever been. Stroking him faster and harder while sucking him deeper, she was giving him one Hell of a blowjob. Obviously, she wanted him to cum in her mouth. Obviously, she wanted to swallow his cum. Obviously, she wanted him to give her a cum bath.
'I can't believe she's blowing me,' he thought. 'I can't believe Kelly is sucking my cock.'
He put a gentle hand behind her red, pretty head. He humped her mouth and fucked her face as if he was Brian on his honeymoon with his new bride. He never knew how much he wanted Kelly to blow him until she was sucking him. He never knew how much he wanted to cum in her mouth until she told him that she always wanted him to cum in her mouth. He never knew how much he wanted to give her a cum bath until she told him that she always imagined him giving her a cum bath. Then, she said something he never thought he'd hear her say.
* * * * *
"Make love to me," she said staring up at him while climbing up to meet his lips. "Don't worry. I'm on the pill. I need to feel you inside me, Michael. Then, I need you to fuck me after you make love to me. I need you to pound my pussy hard and fast. I need you to give me a sexual orgasm with your cock. I need you to cum in my pussy," she said whispering her sexual lust for him in his ear.
Indeed, as if they were on their honeymoon, Michael mounted Kelly. She reached down between her shapely thighs to insert his erect prick inside of her warm, wet pussy. Humping himself deeper while French kissing her, she returned his humps with her humps. Something they had never done before and thought they'd never do now, especially now that she was engaged and was getting married tomorrow, they were making love. Kissing and kissing her while humping her and making love to her, they more looked like lovers than they looked like best friends.
Then, forget about making love, too horny and too sexually frustrated to be sexually satisfied with just making love, she fucked him and he fucked her. Returning her hard, fast humps with his hard, fast humps, she humped him faster and harder. As if they were in a competition or positioned on a seesaw, he continued to return her fast and hard humps with his fast and hard humps. They were fucking now, really fucking one another.
A long time coming, he was finally fucking Kelly. He couldn't believe he was fucking Kelly. He couldn't believe he was fucking his best friend. Already overly excited, it didn't take him very long to cum in her pussy. Forgetting they weren't alone in the house, they were making too much noise not to be heard. Then, as soon as they finished and as soon as he rolled off of her naked body, Kristin, Ashely, and Bonnie barged in her bedroom door in the way that Kelly had barged in his bedroom.
"Is this a private party or can we join in on the sexy fun too," asked Diane?
Instead of waiting for an answer, not wasting any time with shyness, embarrassment, or modesty, Diane, Megan, and Bonnie stripped off their nightgowns. They were naked. They were all naked. As if this was a spur of the moment naked, slumber party, everyone in Kelly's bedroom was naked.
Touching and feeling one another where Michael had always imagined touching and feeling Megan and Bonnie while masturbating himself, he touched and felt Megan, Diane, and Bonnie while they kissed him and stroked his cock. Then, Megan and Bonnie kissed one another and made out while touching and feeling each other's naked bodies. Getting right down to having lesbian sex, Diane fell between Kelly's opened legs and immediately started licking her cunt while fingering her pussy.
'This is unbelievable. I don't believe this,' he said to himself while watching the four women having orgy like sexual action.
Licking her faster and licking her harder while fingering her deeper, she finger fucked her friend while rubbing her clit, feeling her tits, and fingering her nipples. Forget the self-absorbed and selfish men doing a half-assed job of getting women off, leave masturbation up to the women. Women always know what other women want. Instead of leaving them sexually frustration, instead of being sexually selfish and only concerned them cumming, unlike men, women always gave their lesbian lovers orgasms with their fingers, mouths, and/or dildos.
Already sexually excited from having sex with Michael, in the way that Kelly was moaning and wiggling her naked ass on her bed from Diane eating her cunt, it wouldn't take very long for her to cum. Obviously, knowing what the other sexually wanted and erotically needed, Diane and Kelly had lesbian sex before. As if he was a fly on the wall in a den of lesbians, Michael stared at the women having sex with one another while shocked with sexual excitement.
Yet, even more shocking than watching their naked, sexual, lesbian display, whatever cum he had deposited in Kelly's pussy was now being licked out and slurped up in Diane's mouth. Diane was going at Kelly's cunt in the way that Michael wanted to go at Kelly's cunt but didn't have the chance. Thinking that he knew everything about Diane, he never knew that she was a cum sucking, lesbian slut. He never knew that Kelly enjoyed having lesbian sex.
In the way that he wished he was friends with benefits with Kelly, Diane, Megan, and/or Bonnie, he couldn't believe that Kelly was friends with benefits with Diane, Megan, and Bonnie, her own sister. Now, thinking the most forbidden, he wondered if she had sex with her sister, too. He looked from one naked woman to the next naked woman while they all stared at his erect cock. Obviously, feeling like the entertainment in a bachelorette party, he was the next victim in their den of sexual depravity.
"Oh, my God, Diane," said Kelly grabbing two handfuls of her hair and pulling. "You're going to make me cum you dirty bitch," she said. "Rub my clit faster. Rub my clit harder. Lick my pussy. Eat my cunt. Make me cum, Diane. Make me cum," said Kelly. "Oh, my God, Diane, I'm cumming. I'm cumming," she said straightening her legs and opening her mouth as if she was screaming but without sound.
Diane continued licking Kelly faster while rubbing her clit harder. As soon as she had her oral, sexual orgasm, Diane climbed up Kelly's naked body to meet her lips. She parted her lips with her tongue as if they were lovers and friends. Then, giving her a surprise, she deposited a mouthful of Michael's cum in Kelly's mouth for her to swallow.
"Oh, my God, Diane," said Kelly laughing. "Is that Michael's cum?"
Michael stared at the women as if he was dreaming or sexually fantasizing this lesbian scenario while masturbating himself. He couldn't believe his eyes. A sexual scenario that he couldn't even create, he couldn't wait to masturbate over all of this later.
'I don't believe this,' thought Michael. 'Not only did I cum in Kelly's pussy but Diane licked my cum out of her cunt and in her mouth before snowballing my cum in Kelly's mouth. Wow! I'll be masturbating over that sexy image for the rest of my life.'
* * * * *
Then, showing him their naked bodies, all the women turned to him to face him and confront him. Looking from naked tits to stare at naked pussies before staring at naked asses, Michael couldn't believe all that he was seeing of Kelly, Megan, Bonnie, and Diane. As if he was having a dream, they were all naked. Something he had always imagined while masturbating over seeing them all naked and having sex with their naked bodies, he couldn't' believe they were seeing him naked.
Now, with no more suspicions and/or assumptions that he was gay, taking turns sucking his erect prick, Megan, Bonnie, and Diane were already on her knees sucking Michael. Then, switching partners as if at a dance, pushing her back on Kelly's bed, Bonnie was eating out Diane. What started as a sleepover before the wedding turned into a swinging, sexual orgy with four women and one man. With Diane and Bonnie content on having lesbian sex with one another, Megan was content on having sex with Michael while Kelly watched.
Kissing him as if she was his girlfriend, his wife, or his lover, Megan was all over Michael in the way that Kelly was all over him a few minutes ago. Megan was all over Michael in the way that Bonnie was all over Diane. While Kelly watched their sexual shenanigans intensify, Megan pushed Michael back on the bed in the way that Bonnie pushed Diane back on the bed. While Megan was on top of Michael fucking him and Bonnie was in between Diane's legs eating her, Diane and Michael made out with one another. Then, when Michael mounted Megan and Diane changed places with Bonnie to eat her pussy, Megan made out with Bonnie while Michael fucked her.
Now that Kelly already had her sexual orgasms, one from Michael and another from Diane, climbing beneath the covers, sexually satisfied, she was content and intent on going to sleep. This was the eve before her wedding day after all and, obviously, she didn't want to have bags under her eyes on her special day. Now that Michael had sexually satisfied her with his cock and Diane had given her a sexual orgasm with her fingers, mouth, and tongue, she was no longer horny and sexually frustrated. Now, instead of needing sex, she needed her beauty sleep.
To allow Kelly to sleep, Bonnie took Diane by the hand to her bedroom, and Michael took Megan back to his bedroom to continue what they had started. Out of the four woman, Kelly, Diane, Bonnie, and Megan, even though he was sexually attracted to Kelly and had forbidden sex with her, as much as he was sexually attracted to Kelly, he was sexually attracted to Bonnie and Diane too. Yet, Megan was the one that Michael was most sexually interested in having a long term, sexual and romantic relationship.
Now that they were alone in their rooms, never leaving home without her strap-on dildo, as if she was a big, swinging, dick man, Bonnie fucked Diane's cunt. Then, taking turns fucking one another, Diane fucked Bonnie's cunt with Bonnie's strap-on dildo. As soon as they finished fucking one another, they returned to licking and fingering one another. Bonnie ate Diane and then Diane ate Bonnie. Not nearly done, they kissed as if they were lesbian lovers instead of best friends before falling asleep in one another's arms.
Megan gave Michael an around-the-world tour of her naked body. They did everything but for anal sex. She sucked him and he ate her. He made love to her and she made love to him. She fucked him and he fucked her. Then, they made love again while kissing and finally falling asleep happy that they finally discovered the love they had always felt for one another.
As expected, the wedding went off without a hitch. Brian had no idea that his new bride was not only part of a lesbian conclave with her sister and her two best friends but also that she had sex with her bridesman, Michael. While Brian was having hot, sexy fun with strippers and prostitute's hours before his wedding, Kelly was having hot sexy fun with Michael and Diane. Their sexy, little secrets, other than Michael and Megan coming together as best friends, lovers, and soon to be engaged, what sexually happened last night would never happen again.
THE END