A Swinging Affair Ch2
Charlie Church and Alice Average
Although this chapter can stand alone as far as the sex is concerned, to understand the why and the how it will be helpful to read Chapter One. The basic premise is that four married couples decide to swap for dirty weekends together, rotating over a period of three months.
They had decided to use Charlie's car, and he drove the 20 miles to the hotel, following the instructions from the GPS. There was virtually no conversation between them, as it's probably not too easy to chat with someone with whom you are going to have sex for the first time, as arranged by computer. They booked into the hotel, then went up to the room that had been allocated to them. It was a big room, with a king-size double bed, and with a very well fitted en-suite bathroom. Charlie was debating with himself whether this would be a good moment to mention the reason for their being in the room together, or even to give Alice a kiss, but on reflection, he decided this was not a smart idea, so concentrated on unpacking his overnight bag, as did Alice.
They had booked a table in the restaurant for dinner, and as it was nearly time that the restaurant closed, they went down and were directed to their table. Again, there was little conversation between them, as they ate a very pleasant meal accompanied by an excellent bottle of red wine. By the time they had drunk coffee and a cognac, the restaurant was closed, and they went up to their room. Charlie had got the distinct impression that Alice really didn't want to go ahead with the planned adultery.
"You really don't want to do this, do you Alice?"
"If I'm really honest, no, I don't. It's not because it's you, it's just the general idea of leaping into bed and having sex just for the fun of it scares me rather."
"So why did you vote in favour of it?"
"Because I didn't for a moment think that everyone would agree, I was sure somebody else would vote against, and I wanted to be able to say to Andy that it wasn't I who had blackballed it. For instance, I didn't for a moment imagine that Christine would vote in favour."
"Well, life is full of surprises, isn't it? But look, if you don't want to do it, don't worry. If we share the bed, that will let you tell Andy that we slept together, you won't need to elaborate. I promise I won't touch you, and it's a big bed so we shouldn't have too much problem staying separate. We can put a pillow between us if you like."
"Charlie, you are a gem. I should say that I've got nothing against having sex with you in principle, it's just the practice that scares me, the idea of actually being unfaithful."
"Well, that's agreed then. I suggest you go in the bathroom and do what you have to do and put your nightwear on, and I'll follow you when you've finished."
Alice did as he suggested, and after some time she emerged wearing a hotel dressing gown, which covered a very modest knee length nightdress. Charlie had already changed into the boxer trunks and T-shirt which was his normal night attire. He went into the bathroom and when he re-emerged Alice was already in the bed, well over to one side. He got into bed, and the two of them lay, well separated.
"I'm not sure whether this is funny or sad. I am just wondering how the others are getting on."
Alice took in this statement and sat up in bed suddenly, pushing the bedclothes down and off her body. Then she took hold of the lower hem of her nightdress, raised her bottom and pulled it up over her body, then over her head and threw it on the floor, leaving her gloriously naked. Charles admired her attractive body, but wondered why it was suddenly granted this view after she had made clear that she didn't want sex with him.
"Very nice, does this signify a change of attitude?"
"You just wondered how the others are getting on. I suddenly had a vision of Andy with his nose buried between Linda's gorgeous boobs, and I thought -- what the hell. So, help yourself, if you're still interested. Oh, I see you are interested, or at least this bit is."
This last comment came as her hand fell onto the bulge in his boxers, which was growing rapidly as she squeezed it. Charlie didn't need any more encouragement, and pushed off his boxer shorts exposing his quite impressive manhood, which continued to grow, and was now standing up firmly.
"There, I thought there was some life in it. Climb aboard quickly before I change my mind. I'll find out how good you are at foreplay next time round."
As she said this, she spread her legs widely, displaying her glistening vagina lips. She had taken the precaution of lubricating herself before she came to bed, just in case Charlie had persuaded her to allow him access; now she was going to get the benefit, as he accepted the offer and knelt between her legs, bringing his cock to touch the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward gently, and her lips spread to allow him to slide slowly inwards, easing his way deep into her body, till his pubis was pressed firmly against hers. He was supporting his bodyweight on his elbows, and he smiled down at her.
"That's it, Alice. There's no going back now. I'm afraid -- no not afraid, I'm glad."
"Well, yours is only the second penis to get into my vagina, and I must say it seems to be quite a good fit."
"I won't pretend this is only the second vagina that it's been in. I played the field quite extensively before I married Christine, and as far as I remember John Thomas always seemed to fit nicely into Lady Jane -- isn't nature clever?"
"Absolutely. Now, a little movement wouldn't come amiss, and, by the way, I'm not too delicate to enjoy a bit of rough sex."
"Anything you say."
He began moving slowly, as she savoured the feel of the alien cock sliding so comfortably inside her welcoming vagina. After a bit, he began to speed up, his cock thrusting firmly into her, his pubis thumping against hers. For Alice, now she had got over the idea of being unfaithful to Andy, she had every intention of enjoying the sensation of a different man in contact with her body. Physically, it wasn't very different from Andy, but the simple fact that it was a different man added a frisson of excitement to an activity that she always found very pleasant. Charlie was still supporting his upper body clear of hers, and now he slid one hand down between their bellies until he was probing through her pubic hair and down until his finger began to enter the gap between her puffy outer lips, and he felt the bulge of the hood covering her clitoris. As he caressed her he felt her arousal swelling under his touch, and his finger was roaming over her engorged clitoris. He began rubbing her in a circular motion, and her reaction was immediate, as her breathing quickened and she was moaning quietly. Now he was thrusting his cock more urgently into her slippery pussy, and soon he felt the pressure building up in his balls as his juice began to make its journey towards her womb, finally spurting high up against her cervix.
His body jerked over and over again as his fluid sprayed out of his throbbing cock, and she responded with her own orgasm, her back arching gently against his pressure. As the last drop of his fluid pulsed out of his penis the pressure gently subsided between them, and he felt her body relax under him. Inevitably, his member softened and slipped out of her sopping pussy, and he lifted himself away from her till they were lying side-by-side.
"Well, did the earth move for you?"
"There might have been a tiny tremor, but not like my friend Claris. She was having a good old time with her boyfriend in a hotel in Italy, when there was an earthquake. It wasn't a very serious one, but it certainly made the bed shake. I'll settle for the tremor for now, but I expect you to try harder next time."
"Oh, so there's going to be a next time?"
"Charlie, I've been unfaithful to Andy once, so from now on I'm quite happy to do it again, at least for the rest of this weekend."
"So do you want to go to sleep now, or what?"
"What. Definitely what. And incidentally, you remember how Linda said she was going to have a meaningful discussion with her sex partners about her likes and dislikes, and her fantasies. I think that's a good idea, so do I talk first, or do you?"
"I think we should take it a step at a time. You tell me what you would like to do next, and I'll try to oblige. After that, maybe I can make some suggestions."
"It would be churlish to criticise you after you have just done your best, but I always thought that the gentleman kissed a lady before he violated her. I rather liked kissing, so I missed that bit."
"I'm so sorry. It may sound a bit bizarre, but somehow kissing another man's wife seems even more personal than doing the violation bit. But I'll be only too happy to oblige, just need to check which part of you you want me to kiss."
"Which parts had you in mind?"
"Every part."
"You mean -- even the very, very private parts?"
"I'll be happy to kiss every tiny scrap of your body. Not just kiss, but lick you, nibble you, and anything else that comes to mind."
"I'm not sure whether to be excited or disgusted by the prospect of your mouth being so intimate with me, but I suppose I won't find out unless I let you do it. By the way, are you hoping that I will reciprocate?"
"I would be delighted if you did, but I'll still be happy if you don't."
"Well, if you don't mind I'd sooner experiment orally after I've had a shower, and you, come to that, so perhaps we can leave that till tomorrow. However, if you have any other suggestions for tonight's entertainment, I'm open to suggestions."
"Right, let's have a sexy cuddle. It goes like this. You lie on your back, and I come on top, boring missionary position you're thinking... Now you raise your right leg as far as you can....And now we roll over onto your right side so your leg is tucked into my waist, and you can put your left leg over me."
"That seems to work alright, very nice in fact. But the trouble is, you don't appear to have any wherewithal to make it more interesting."
"Let's see whether a little in-depth kissing would do anything to make me a little more capable."
He leaned into Alice, and for the first time they kissed each other as lovers, rather than as friends. Her lips were soft and inviting, and parted under his touch. The tip of his tongue brushed her lips, and then gently slid between them, and soon their tongues and lips and teeth were assaulting each other in a very pleasant manner. While this was going on he took her hand and placed it on his pubis, and she slid down till she was holding his cock, still soft but becoming more aroused under her touch. After a while he ceased to kiss her lips, but moved across her cheek, down her neck and onto the soft swell of the top of her breasts, while his hand was cupping them from below.
The combination of the kissing and the caressing had the desired effect, and Alice felt the soft flesh in her hand swelling and hardening. He moved against her so that he was positioned ready for action, and her hand guided the tip of his cock in between her pussy lips, where he slowly pushed forward and entered her welcoming vagina. When his cock was deep into her body, he stopped moving, and the two of them found themselves comfortably engaged. She sighed contentedly.
"You know, that's very comfy. I could stay like this for a long time, how is it for you? "
"That's what I had in mind. Let's see how we can profit from this very enjoyable situation."
He began slowly stroking her body, gentle touches on her shoulders, her breasts, her belly, then round to her back and his questing fingers roamed downwards, over the inward curve at her waist, over her thighs and then round to the firm globes of her backside. He squeezed the pliant flesh and the tips of his fingers probed a little way into the cleft .
"You've got a very pleasant arse, Alice. Is it OK if I explore a little?"
"I suppose so -- it's not an area that's seen a lot of play, but live and learn."
"Well, just say stop if you're not keen."
His fingers moved slowly inwards, sliding to and fro across the warm flesh, and gradually approaching his goal. He felt the slight indent of her anus, and he probed gently towards the centre. He heard her sharp intake of breath as he touched her most intimate part, and stroked around applying the softest of pressure till he felt his finger beginning to enter her. As the tip eased into her her felt the heat of her back passage as he penetrated her sphincter. He was very aware that, without lubrication, it would probably be unpleasant for her so he withdrew.
"Was that all right?"
"I think so, but it felt very dry and I'm not sure I want you to go any further."
"That's what I thought too -- maybe we could try with some lubrication later. Let me try something simpler."
He moved his hand to her belly, then down to slide his fingers into the top of her slit. He probed gently till he found the loose skin of her clitoral hood, and, as his fingers moved, he felt the little bump of her clit growing under his touch. As he rubbed the sensitive spot, she was breathing words of encouragement, and he slowly moved his cock deep into her warmth. It wasn't long before her arousal became obvious, her breathing quickened and she was moaning quietly. His fingers moved more quickly, circling and squeezing her engorged clit, and soon her body stiffened and pushed against him as her orgasm erupted, and he felt her pussy muscles clamping down around his rigid cock. He was still caressing her clit, but she pushed his hand away.
"Enough for the minute, Charlie. That was lovely, but what about you?"
"I'm not in a hurry, and I thought you might like to go again before I finish for the night."
"I'm not sure I'm up for the excitement. Go on, you go and I'll just lie here and enjoy it"
He leaned forward to kiss her, then began to slowly fuck her, his movements unhurried. After a few minutes he sensed that she was getting interested, and he began caressing her breasts, then bent to kiss her and suckle her nipple. He was beginning to get a little more urgent, and now he slid his hand round her firm buttock and probed between her cheeks, then again found the indent of her arsehole and pressed against it. This time she didn't stop him when he penetrated her sphincter and entered the hot passage. He pulled her gently towards him and felt the urgency of his approaching orgasm. He was in no doubt that she, too, was near climax and, when his cock jerked with the rush of fluid into her pussy, she pulled his head down so their lips were crushed together and her tongue was plunging into his mouth.
"I didn't know I could do that. I thought the story about multiple orgasms was an urban myth, but now I know different. That was bloody great, Charlie, hope it was good for you."
"Magic. I suppose we'll have to get untangled now, though this is very comfy."
"Yes, well, I think my leg's going to sleep and I rather need to go and have a quick clean up, if that's all right with you."
He climbed off her, and she went to the bathroom. After she returned, he went, then they cuddled up and were soon asleep. As they hadn't bothered to draw the curtains, the sun rising in the early hours woke them. They were both early risers in any case, and when Alice said she was going to take a shower, Charlie asked if he could come with her.
"What have you got in mind, Charlie?"
"Well, it's a big shower and it would save water if we used it together."
"Oh, that's all right, as long as you don't have any ulterior motive."
"Would I, now?"
He followed her into the bathroom, admiring the view of her very pleasant body as they went. She was like many women of her age, a little broad in the beam, but the full globes of her arse under her slim waist and atop a fine pair of legs made a most enjoyable picture. When they were inside, she turned to him.
"Can you go away for a minute, I need to have a pee."
"Let's be decadent and pee on each other in the shower."
"That would be disgusting, wouldn't it?"
"Yes, let's do it, and be really filthy together."
"Oh God, I can't."
"Yes you can, come on."
The bathroom was intended for use by disabled clients and was a big wet room. She followed him into the space under the shower, and they stood facing each other.
"What now?
"Let it go -- like this."
He pointed his cock at her and let forth a yellow stream of piss. It hit her in the belly and he re-directed it to spray directly on to her breasts. She flinched, but stood still and let the hot stream drench her as he lowered his aim till it was directed at her vulva. His bladder had been very full, and it was quite a long time before the flow reduced to a dribble, and finally stopped. When she realised he had finished, she started to piss and, to his surprise, the stream was directed forwards, and when she leaned over backwards she was able to change direction till she was spraying over his torso and onto his genitals. At last she, too, had emptied her bladder and she slowed to a drip. They stood staring at each other, then she burst out laughing.
"That was bloody ridiculous, wasn't it? Have you done it before, and did it excite you?"
"No, that was new to me, and I'm not bothered if I don't do it again. Mind you, I've read that some people actually do it on each others' faces, so it could have been worse."
"Yuck. Now let's clean up and forget that ever happened. If Len or Sam want to do the same, they can count me out."
"So you're game to put yourself about a bit with the other two."
"In for a penny, in for a pound. Now the Rubicon's been crossed, I might as well get the full experience. Up to now it's been most enjoyable, I'm fascinated to see what else you can come up with -- by the way, did I say you can forget any of the Fifty Shades of Grey stuff, unless you want me to whip you, or something like that."
"Shame, you've got a very smackable bum. Which goes with the rest of a very pleasant body."
"Past its best, I'm afraid. While we're being complimentary, you're pretty well preserved yourself."
The compliments were well deserved, as both had looked after their bodies, though they wouldn't really have been candidates for beauty pageants. Like most women of her age, her body had gone south a little, and she was wide hipped with a firm arse, below a still slim waist, though her belly was a little rounded, not board flat as it had been before age and childbirth had had their effects, and her vulva was hidden by a bush of dark hair, trimmed to suit her bikini line. Her breasts had slipped a little, but were still firm with dark pink aureoles surrounding darker nipples that were easily aroused. Her face was graced with an easy smile, which enhanced her bright eyes, topped by wavy brunette hair with just a few flecks of white. All these delights were supported by long legs, well muscled but still very feminine.
As for him, he was medium height with a body kept trim by regular exercise and a sensible diet. He wasn't particularly handsome, just a pleasant face, always well shaven, topped by a mass of fair curly hair. His body also was well covered with hair, without being excessive, his chest in particular. Said chest was well muscled and there was no trace of a beer belly, below which a substantial penis hung from a mass of pubic hair. His arse was firm and his legs showed again the benefits of regular exercise. All in all, they were a typical early middle aged pair who had looked after their bodies
Charlie now turned on the shower and adjusted the temperature to just nicely warm, and Alice stood under it, allowing the stream to course over her body. He started the separate hand-held spray, and began spraying over her body, so that all the remains of their urinary exploits were rinsed off, and he followed by doing the same for himself. There was the usual complimentary miniature bottle of shower gel provided, but she had brought a bottle of her own, and she now went to use it, but he took it away from her.
"Seeing as I made you a bit mucky, it's only right that I should clean you off."
"No ulterior motive, of course?"
"Good Lord no, why would I want to get my hands all over your lush body, just being polite -- you know, the polluter should clean up after him or her."
"That's all right then, be sure to make a good job of it, and don't miss anything out."
He took the bottle of gel and poured a little on each of her shoulders. As it ran down over her front he spread it over her breasts, then began to carefully wash each lush globe with his soapy hands, taking great care not to miss any particle of skin, lifting each breast to wash underneath and massaging the soap well into her nipples, with a pleasant response as they swelled and hardened. She was making little noises of pleasure, and he now poured some gel into his hand and began soaping her belly and hips, then moved down to her furry bush and onwards to her slit. There was a fold down seat in the shower, intended for handicapped users, and he pulled it down, then lifted one of her legs till her foot was on the stool, giving him wide access to her vulva. Needless to say, this area got washed very carefully, his fingers probing every part and penetrating deep into her vagina. As he delved into her with one hand, the other was busy rubbing her clitoris, which was protruding pinkly from under its hood . She was showing very obvious signs of arousal, and, as he moved his fingers more quickly, she nearly fell over as her orgasm struck, and he had to support her.
He held her still as she recovered, then turned her round and began washing her back. When he came to her arse he quickly slid over the lovely curves, and then moved down one leg, then back up the other one. This time he lingered over the lush fleshy globes and worked his way slowly deep into her crack, till he was stroking her anus.
"Is this OK."
"Oh yes, you'd better make a good job of it."
He needed no more encouragement, and he tipped more gel on his hand and then began to apply gentle pressure to the little indent, and his lubricated finger started to ease its way into her. He withdrew, applied more gel and started again, and this time he felt her relax and let him penetrate her sphincter and into her hot channel. He slid in as far as he could, and heard her moaning quietly as she enjoyed this new experience. He slid in and out for a while, then slowly pressed a second finger into the entrance to spread her a little more.
"Oh God, that's disgusting and marvellous. I feel so full, it's amazing."
"Well, I could fill you even more, if you like."
"You don't mean..?"
"Yes, sodomy, buggery, call it what you like, it's been around for ages."
"I don't know....your fingers are filling me, your cock's quite a lot bigger. Will it really go without causing damage?"
"It really needs some lubricant, or it might hurt. The soap's all right for a quick fiddle about, but more than that needs something made for the job. Perhaps we'd better forget it."
"I've got a tube of vaginal lubricant, that should do. Now you've started me off, I want to find out what it's really like. Andy had sort of hinted at how he'd like to try, but I've always put him off."
"All right then. Let's finish showering and go back to bed and experiment."
All the time that they had been talking he had had his fingers deep in her back passage, now he withdrew, and he rinsed the soap from her body. She now took the gel and washed him, also taking her time and fondling his cock and balls far longer than needed just to wash him, and, when she moved to his arse, she returned the compliment by sliding her finger into his fundament. They then dried each other before returning to the bed, she bringing the tube of lubricant with her.
She laid back on the bed, and he leaned over and began kissing her. After a session of tongue mixing he moved down her body, taking his time kissing and fondling the full mounds of her breasts, and sucking and nibbling on her nipples. Then down over her belly and his lips and tongue invaded her vulva, his tongue seeking out her clit and causing it to swell and protrude from its hood. He could sense that she was becoming aroused, and his probing fingers found that her vagina was already wet.
"It's time to turn over now and let me get to your lovely arse."
"You want me on my knees, like your little bitch on heat?"
"I wouldn't have used those words, but yes, that's the general idea. Just before that, would you like to anoint my cock with lube to help make things easier for you, then I'll look after you."
She turned over and gave his penis a good coating of the slippery gel, pushing his foreskin back to make sure his knob end was well covered. Then she got onto her knees, with her bottom in the air and her head down on the pillow. Her buttocks were well spread and he had a clear view of the pink slash of her vaginal lips protruding through the puffy bulges of her outer lips, while above was the dark puckering of her anus. He knelt behind her and leaned forwards so he could thrust his tongue briefly into her slippery pussy, then moved up to lick around the darker skin and then press the tip of his tongue against the depression in the centre, and felt it penetrate just a little into the hole. After a few moments he withdrew and applied the nozzle of the lubricant tube to the anal passage and pushed it well into her before squeezing in some of the contents. Then he massaged the lube into her, first with one finger, then a second as he gently eased her sphincter open.
When he withdrew his fingers he could see the little aperture left from their intrusion, and knew this was the time for the big event. He brought the tip of his well greased member to touch the aperture and very gently pressed against it. Nothing happened for a while, and he guessed her natural reaction was to resist him.
"You'll have to relax to let me in, I promise I'll stop if you ask me to."
She didn't reply, but he felt that he was slowly entering her. He kept a steady pressure and could now see that he was making progress as his glans began to disappear inside her. He relaxed, then pushed again, small increments till, quite suddenly, he felt his knob pass through her sphincter and into the hot channel of her rectum. He rested a while, then began a series of small movements that allowed him to penetrate deep into her, till he was at last fully engaged.
"Is that all right for you -- that's as far as I can go?
"I feel totally stretched, absolutely full. It's a bit painful, but mostly good, but don't rush me."
He began to move very slowly, pulling back till he was nearly out, then forwards, his cock held firmly in the tight grip of her rectum. He gradually speeded up, always trying not get over-excited for fear of hurting her, but she was making encouraging noises so he guessed she was not in any discomfort. He felt his climax approaching and he slid his hands round her body so that one hand was fondling her breasts while the other found its way to her clitoris. He could feel her beginning to push back against his thrusts, and he held her firmly as he released his juices deep into her rectum. She moaned with pleasure as her body came to orgasm, and he felt her back arch, then relax slowly. He stayed still inside her for a while and she felt his cock soften, then he slowly withdrew, and looked at the gaping hole of her anus, slowly closing as some of his fluid oozed out.
"Well, that's your anal virginity gone. It was great for me, how about you?"
"Yes, I could get to like that. I'm feeling a bit sore just now, and it hurt when you started, I suppose I could get used to that."
"I think you were trying to resist me a bit, you'll learn to relax with practice. I still prefer the usual entry, but it adds a bit of variety to the sex life."
Alice tried to imagine Christine agreeing to having any sex more ambitious than the missionary position, and failed in the attempt. She had a generous nature and always thought the best of people, but she did wonder -- correctly -- whether Charlie was, perhaps, getting sexual gratification outside the marital bed. She was certainly happy to let him play away with her as long as she knew it was with Christine's knowledge. However, in the knowledge that the prudish church goer had voted in favour of the swap weekends, perhaps there were depths that were certainly hidden from her, and she wondered how her husband would fare when it was his turn to service Christine -- if the swaps lasted that long.
By now it was well into breakfast time, and, as their endeavours had given them both a healthy appetite, they had to hurriedly dress and rush down to the restaurant for a hearty, if not particularly healthy, meal. While eating they discussed their plans for the day.
"I quite fancy the idea of spending the morning in bed, to see if you have any more depraved ideas we could try out."
"Good God, woman, I didn't realize you were a sex maniac. You'll wear my poor little knob out. It's all right for you women, you can just keep coming, we men need a bit of recovery time"
"No bloody stamina, you men. You're right though. I'm just so excited that suddenly I'm getting all these new sensations. Actually, I've always enjoyed sex with Andy, but this has certainly livened me up. So suggest something to tire me out a bit."
"If you packed some sensible shoes, why don't we go for a walk, and burn off some of this delicious breakfast. And I've got an idea that might link business with pleasure. I'll tell you when we get back to the room."
His idea was very simple. He told Alice to take off the light cotton dress that she was wearing and put it on again with nothing underneath. She was horrified.
"This dress is so light, everyone will know I'm naked underneath, especially if I get the sun behind me."
"That's the idea, see how brave you are."
"Oh Charlie, I can't -- can I?"
"Go on, try it on and see what you look like."
She dutifully stripped off the dress, then her bra, slip and pants, and, as she was already bare legged, she was very pleasantly naked.
"Can't we just stay and play like this?"
"Come on, give it a try, quickly. I'm already getting a hard on, You're rather gorgeous, and your bum looks so good I might have to smack it, if you don't cover it soon."
"Don't you dare, all right, I'll put the dress back on."
This she did, and stood in front of the mirror. Standing still, the dress clung gently to her curves, but when she moved the movement of her generous breasts was very obvious. She began to complain, but he took her hand and pulled her gently to the door, down the stairs and out of the hotel. She was acutely aware of her nudity under the dress, and became even more so as she felt her nipples hardening from the action of the dress moving across her breasts, and, looking down, she could see clearly the little bulges raising the fabric of the dress. There was a light breeze blowing, and the fabric, without her usual slip to support it, was clinging to her pubic bulge and, when they turned a corner, shaping itself firmly to the globes of her bottom.
The plan was to walk about five miles, have lunch at a pub that had rather a good reputation for food, then return to the hotel by a different route. The morning walk was uneventful, and, after a while Alice got used to the feel of cloth moving across her body and decided it was quite pleasant. They passed a few other walkers and at first she felt a bit embarrassed at the view she was offering till they were overtaken by a couple of young lads, one of whom said "Nice view" as he passed. After that she made up her mind that she was going to tough it out, and, when they arrived at the pub she walked in very upright and with her swaying breasts with their erect nipples clearly on display. Among the patrons at a table near the bar were the two lads who had passed them, and she gave them a broad wink and wriggled her arse as she passed their table, which elicited a low "nice" from them. Charlie had been walking behind her and saw this, and muttered "tart" in her ear.
They enjoyed a good meal of traditional pub food, in their case steak and ale pie with chips, accompanied by a pint of beer brewed on the premises. After this they began the walk back to the hotel, partly on a narrow footpath through a wood. Alice took the lead, as she was familiar with the area from her youth, when she had lived locally. At one point she turned off the main footpath and climbed up a short hill by a barely discernible track, till they emerged into a small grassy area. She crossed to a spot where the sun penetrated the leafy canopy, stopped and turned to Charlie.
"Right, get your kit off."
"Pardon?"
"Divest yourself of your clothing, put away your vestments, don't you understand English, strip off."
He was a bit doubtful about doing as she said, but nevertheless he began to undress and, as he did so, saw her unzip her dress and drop it to the floor. As they both stood naked, he admired the sight of her body, drenched in sunlight, and could only be amazed that this woman who, while in no way prudish, never flaunted her body, was now showing everything. He didn't have long looking, though, as she gave him his instructions.
"On your back, Charlie boy."
He picked a spot that was reasonably smooth and with no visible stinging plants or insects, and lay down. She promptly knelt over his face, then leaned forward and took his limp penis into her mouth. It didn't stay limp very long, in view of the combination of her lips and the fact that he was facing a well spread pair of pussy lips, glistening from the juice that was already leaking from her. He promptly began to lick her, from her anus to her clitoris, but he didn't have long to savour her sweet taste. As soon as his cock was up to her required standard -- rock hard -- she stood up, turned round and knelt again, this time so her pussy was over his erection. With no further ado, she guided him home towards her vagina, which it joyfully entered as she sat down on him. She smiled down at him.
"That feels very nice -- how is it for you, ground's not too hard for your delicate bum, I hope?"
"No, quite comfy, thank you."
"Good. Now, be a good boy and lie there quietly while I have a little play with myself."
"Anything you say."
He wondered exactly what she meant by playing with herself, but he soon found out. She briefly fondled her breasts, tugging on her nipples till they were fully aroused, then she slid her hand down over her belly and slid her fingers over her clitoris, which she began to rub briskly. He saw the look of concentration on her face, as her head tipped back and she was clearly totally absorbed in the sensation she was causing. Then he began to feel that his cock was being caressed by tiny movements in her vagina as the muscles contracted and relaxed, and his erection hardened. Her fingers were moving ever more quickly, and he saw a pink flush suffusing her breasts as her other hand tugged even more urgently at the nipple on first one, then the other breast. Her whole body was tensing and she was making a quiet keening noise as her orgasm approached ever nearer. At last she stopped her movements and cried out as she was overcome by the sensations, then she slowly relaxed and a beautific smile spread across her face.
"That's better -- now let's see if I can help you."
She began to rise and fall on his cock, and it didn't take long before her vigorous action had the desired effect on him, and he was soon pumping his juice deep into her vagina. As she felt him coming, she gripped his cock with her pussy muscles and milked the last of his spunk out of his happy cock. Then she leant forward, pressing her generous breasts against his chest and plunging her tongue deep into his mouth. At last she lifted her body so that his now limp cock slid out and his juice oozed out of her gaping pussy, then she stood and took his hands and pulled him to his feet.
"That's another fantasy realised. Having a nice cock inside me gives a whole new extra something to masturbation."
"Glad you liked it -- it was certainly interesting to watch, and very pleasant for me. Now I rather think we should get dressed before someone comes along."
"Too late. Someone already did, that's been part of the fun."
She turned towards the wooded path and beckoned towards her, whereupon a young couple stepped out from behind a tree and walked towards them. Charlie grabbed for his clothes, while Alice just stood still, naked and proud of it.
"Well, did you enjoy the show?"
"I'm sorry, we shouldn't have watched, but you looked so gorgeous, I couldn't resist and Fred here didn't take a lot of persuading. Actually, you're using our regular shagging spot, and, when you've gone I've every intention of trying what you were doing, it looks a load of fun."
"It was a first for me, but it won't be the last. Now, we'll go and leave you to it."
With that she picked up her dress and stepped into it, pulling it up and turning to Charlie for him to zip her in, before taking his hand and walking away down the path.
"How long had they been watching?"
"Since just after I mounted you. I'm sorry, I should have told you, but it just made the whole thing more exciting."
"You are incorrigible. That very respectable lady that I've known for so long turns out to be a shameless exhibitionist with no morals at all."
"Yes, whatever happened to her? I didn't think I was at all repressed, now I know I was, but that's all changed."
"Andy's going to get a bit of a shock if you start behaving like this to him."
"Well, I rather think he might be quite pleased, but I'd rather he didn't know about this episode. If I could ask you to keep it to yourself, then I won't tell Christine."
"My lips are sealed -- till you put your tongue between them, anyway. No, I think this is best kept just to ourselves."
"So, any new perversions in mind?"
"I need time to recover, so why don't we just walk back towards the hotel, have a wander round the town, have a leisurely dinner, then go to bed and see if anything interesting happens."
"Sounds good to me. I hope interesting doesn't mean too energetic. I quite fancy a gentle cuddle -- with extras, perhaps -- and a good night's sleep. Of course, if we wake up early again -- who knows?"
They walked into the small town and wandered round the shops, then went for a coffee. As soon as they had sat down, Charlie excused himself and left the cafe, returning some minutes later with a parcel. He refused to tell Alice what was in it, despite her repeated questioning, and finally they went back to the hotel. There they showered together, this time without any activity more exciting than washing each others' backs, then they dressed and went to dinner in a nearby restaurant that had been recommended to them. After a leisurely meal accompanied by a good bottle of wine and followed by a glass of cognac with their coffee, they wandered back to the hotel and, after watching the television in the lounge for a while, they returned to their room.
"Alice, my love, this has been a magic time together, in and out of bed, and as a little thank you I've got you a present. Here you are, this is what was in the mystery parcel."
He gave her the parcel he had purchased in town. When she opened it she found a beautiful nightdress.
"That's lovely, Charlie, I'll wear it for a special occasion."
"I'd rather like you to go in the bathroom and put it on to sleep in tonight."
"Oh, I hadn't planned to wear anything."
"Please, humour me."
"All right, if that's what you want."
She went into the bathroom and, while she was putting on the nightdress, he stripped off and put on the boxers and tee shirt he normally wore in bed. When she appeared, the nightdress was even more beautiful with her body inside it than it had appeared in the lingerie shop. It was made of a silky material that was semi translucent and it clung to every curve on her body, swaying with her as she walked as though it was a part of her. She did a slow walk around the room for him, and he took in the swinging of her breasts, the shadow of the dark pubic triangle, and, when she turned round, the movement of the generous globes of her arse. The dress was deeply cut at her cleavage and again at the back. It reached down to just below her knees, the skirt being cut fairly full, and the whole effect was of sheer erotic glamour. She went and stood in front of the full length mirror, then looked back at him over her shoulder.
"Was it worth the money?"
He moved behind her and kissed her on her neck as his hands cupped the weight of her breasts, and he found that the feel of the warm flesh through the thin material was incredibly arousing. He pressed against her and she felt the rising bulge of his erection against her arse cheek answering her question.
"Oh my word, yes, it's looks and feels amazingly sexy. It's even more amazing to realise that you look even better without it. Let's go to bed and see what happens."
They got into bed and he got her to turn away from him so that he could spoon up against her. He lay behind her, with her body comfortably leaning back against him, and he began to stroke her body very slowly. His hands roamed gently over her arms, her breasts, down over the soft roundness of her belly, the curve of her hips, the bulge of her pudenda,to her thighs, then slowly back again. The slippery surface of the nightdress was a contrast to the touches of her bare flesh at her arms and the vee of her breasts, and as he caressed her he felt her nipples hardening, and her breathing became a little louder when he tweaked the growing points. He was finding it difficult to refrain from just pulling up her nightie and getting on with it, but he carried on the good work. He gradually changed his movements so that he slid over her the swelling of her pubis and slowly neared her vulva. Through the fine fabric he felt the beginning of the cleft, and he rubbed it gently for a while, before returning to his exploration of the rest of her body. Now, when he came to her thighs, he moved a little further down till he felt the flesh below her hemline, and, as he moved back up, the hem rose higher. He repeated his moves, and gradually she was uncovered to the top of her thighs, and now his fingers felt the edge of the hair, and he gently pressed inwards till he felt the edge of he vulva.
While he had been caressing her, his penis had been slowly swelling, and was now hard and protruding from his boxers, ready for action. He eased her nightie upwards till he felt the naked flesh of her bottom against him, and eased his cock in between her legs. For a while he moved gently between her thighs, his cock rubbing against her outer lips, while his fingers probed her till he slid into her vagina. His actions had now made her more than ready for him, and his fingers glided easily into the sopping wet passage. He heard her softly say "Yes, now, please" and he moved down a little to allow his cock to stand up so that he could press the end into her welcoming slit. He slowly entered her, pushing in till he was fully engaged, savouring the smooth, slippery warmth of her welcoming pussy, as it opened under his intrusion. He lay quietly for a few moments, then began to move, oh so slowly in and out, and he felt her response as her vaginal wall contracted on to his firm cock.
They were both enjoying the slow, gentle, love making, and she whimpered with pleasure as his hands roamed over her body, sliding inside her nightie to fondle and squeeze her breasts, and pulling on her hard nipples. Then he moved downwards till he came to her vulva, and his fingers found her clitoris, already protruding from its hood. As he began caressing the swelling button, she was encouraging him with quiet murmurs "Yes, Yes, Oh that's good" and pressing her body back against him, till he felt her back arch and her pussy gripping his cock hard as she came to her orgasm -- not a cataclysmic event, just a gentle wind up followed by a blessed relief.
He carried on in this way, taking her through two more orgasms, then at last felt his own orgasm approaching. He speeded up his movements, then held her very close as he thrust his cock deep into her and ejaculated his fluid in a series of spasms, joined by yet another orgasm for her, till they both finally rested. They felt his cock softening and eventually sliding out of her, followed by an ooze of a mixture of their two juices, and their bodies parted.
"Oh Charlie, that was bloody wonderful. I've never had so many orgasms together."
"Glad you enjoyed it. First time for me to keep it going that long, that's something I'll want to try again."
"Me too. Now I'll go to sleep if you don't mind, but I'll take this nightie off first -- I've decided I'm not going to wear one again, except for special occasions like this. I hope you don't mind me wearing it with these other lovely men who are going to ravage me, with luck."
"Be my guest -- it's designed to be taken off, though you look ravishing with it on."
Soon after that they were both asleep. Alice awoke the next morning to the feel of a hand stroking her breast. She soon realised that it was Charlie, not Andy, who was tweaking her nipples into life. As she stirred, she felt his cock pressing gently into her hip. She smiled at him and, taking hold of the now erect member, she pulled at it gently and he climbed on top and slid slowly into her. Their lovemaking was not over dramatic, just two people who were reluctant to come to the end of their voyage of discovery, and taking advantage of the new found familiarity with what had been strange bodies. When it was all over, leaving them both quietly satisfied, he rolled off and lay beside her.
"Thanks, Charlie, that was just what I wanted. Nice and gentle, a quick earth tremor, and a lovely way to finish off the weekend. Now I think I need to go and shower."
She got up and went into the bathroom and he followed her. She sat down on the WC and grinned at him, as the sound of her piss hitting the water filled the room
"No water games this morning, thank you."
"I don't think I'll bother with that again. May I shower with you, I'd love to wash your back for you."
Inevitably he washed more than her back, and eventually the shower finished up with him sitting on the fold down invalid seat with her straddling him. Not the most comfortable way to have sex, but it ended with very satisfactory orgasms for both of them. After they had washed away the evidence of this coupling they dried off and dressed, then went for breakfast. When they returned to the room, she persuaded him that they really needed to pack and clear the room before turn out time.
They drove slowly back to to Alice's house. The journey was very quiet for most of the way, then Charlie stopped the car in a lay-by and turned to her.
"Alice, I've got to say that I've had a wonderful time. I've known you were good company for a long time, now I know you are a great lover. It's totally bizarre the way we are behaving, but I can't imagine I will have any more fun with Sue and Linda, but I'm going to enjoy finding out -- that is, if we all want to carry on with this mad exchange."
"Well, I never thought I'd be saying this, but I've had a wonderful time being unfaithful to Andy, and I can't wait to be ravished by Sam and Len. Not that it can really be said to be being unfaithful, seeing as how we both agreed to it. Thank you, especially for being prepared to not do anything on Friday night, but I'm so glad I changed my mind. I'm very happy with my love life with Andy, but if he wasn't around, I'd happily share your bed."
"The feeling's mutual, and if another chance arises.......... well, I'll be there."
"God knows how we're going to behave after this "trial run" is over, but yes, count me in."
"On which happy note, it's time we went. May I give you one more kiss to remember you by?"
She just smiled at him, and he leaned across and put his arm around her as they shared a long loving kiss, while his free hand roamed over her breasts, then down till he pressed his fingers between her legs. That was when she gently pushed him away.
"Sorry, but it's time to stop, Charlie, or I can see this developing into a quick shag on the back seat, and I rather not have that as a lasting memory.
"You're right, Alice, as usual. Let's go and see how happy our fellow miscreants look."
And with that, they drove back to meet up with their partners and the other adulterers.
*
Your scores and comments will be very welcome.