This is the first Chapter in the story of how Sue and I (Sam) celebrated her 35th birthday.
The story contains reference to anal sex so if that is not for you please give it a miss
You may wish to read my earlier accounts of our adventures but in case you don't I will tell you Sue is 5' 6" tall, great looking, great body, stunning 38DD breasts, natural blonde hair and without trying has that air about about her which makes all men think she is on the prowl for sex.
"You know I love you so much," Sue said. I could see from the look on her face that she was anxious to hear my response.
It was the Monday evening following our weekend when, all things considered, Sue had done her best to act like a complete slut. We were at the dinning table and just starting to eat dinner. "I love you too and again thank you so much for such a wicked weekend."
"Did you really enjoy the weekend or are you just saying that to make me feel better and not feel like a stupid slut who let drink and the idea of all those men get the better of her?"
I could see that Sue was genuinely concerned. "I really mean it. I enjoyed every last second. You were fantastic, so incredibly sexy and hot. I have not been able to stop thinking about all those men being so hot for you and how lucky I am that you are mine. My cock seems to have been permanently hard, which is no mean feat given how much of a battering he received yesterday when you kept your promise to fuck me stupid."
"Really, that is how you feel? I am not going to lie I enjoyed every last second as well but I am worried you are thinking less of me for acting like that, after all it's not what a respectable 34 year old woman is supposed to do, in fantasy it might be OK but reality is something else."
"Sue you know I found it a huge turn on, and OK it has come as a bit of a surprise but a nice one, that you have been prepared to go along with what has happened. I hope we can carry on having new adventures but I'm not going to push you into anything, it has to be what you want."
I was looking at Sue, her 38DD breasts were heaving and I could see the flushed redness, that her skin takes on when she is excited or embarrassed, spreading from her face and neck onto the exposed flesh. Sue was silent for a few minutes as she pushed her food around her plate. "Right Sam I am going to let you know how I feel about our adventures as you called them. I loved playing the part of a slut and being able to do all those things that I have fantasized about. It was fantastic having all those men wanting so desperately to fuck me. The fact they were strangers meant I didn't have to worry what they thought of me. The unknown and the risk factor added to the excitement. I loved watching your reaction, how you looked so pleased with yourself, the way that afterwards you tried to out fuck those fuckers. No way could I act like that or have sex with anyone we knew as it would be too risky for afterwards. But if you are not 100% happy about any of it then I am happy to go back to being that 34 year old respectable woman I was 6 weeks ago.
I found myself smiling as I thought respectable women do not say fucking with the frequency that Sue had now adopted and at the realization that Sue had not said she wanted to stop. I was playing footsie with her as I informed her, "Sue the way you feel about our adventures is how I feel and no I don't want to stop, in fact just the opposite. I love you and always will."
I was sure I saw a flicker of relief cross her face, it could have been due to her joy at my affirmation of my love or it could have been that I was not calling it a day on our adventures. "Well it's my birthday in under two weeks and we could try a new adventure, but can we please try to use a bed this time, a girl's knees can only take so much kneeling on the hard ground and a bed will open up knew opportunities." The grin on her face made it clear her mind was already thinking of the possibilities.
"What do you have in mind." I asked.
Again Sue was quiet for a while before she said, "I have been reading some stories on the web and I think it would be exciting to play the part of a whore, you know like the ones you have told me about at some of hotels you use. The ones you tell me whose services you have never used."
"I've told you the truth, I never have."
"I believe you." The smirk indicated that she was giving me the benefit of the doubt. "If we are going to do it how could we arrange it, I want a few customers."
"Can't promise a few, not that I think there will be any shortage of takers after all look at you, what man could resist. It's the practicality of it all. I have no idea how much they charge and it will be down to you to fix how long their payment entitles them to. The other problem is how can I get to watch. I do want to watch to start with."
"Well I can do some research as to the going rates on the internet, well it's a good place to start,unless of course you know?" Sue asked me.
"No idea." I had to give her points for trying to catch me out. "Might be easier if I just try to arrange a gang-bang for you in our hotel room. I'm sure I can find some participants through some of the internet sites. May be you can go whoring when we go clubbing sometime and we have a better idea of what's involved." Sue looked a bit disappointed, I did not let on that I already started to form a devious plan for her whoring fantasy, it was something that I had already given a good deal of thought to as it was a fantasy that I shared but had been to afraid to with her. I would try to fix it as a surprise birthday present.
"OK if that's easier then go ahead, why not book a couple of nights at the hotel and we can see how the ground lies for the second night, see if whoring is a possibility that way we might both get to fulfil a fantasy."
"Sounds good to me. Are you going to eat any more of the meal, if not do you mind if we clear the table and then I can try to fuck your brains out on it."
"Now that sounds good to me. Hey tell you what you clear up and load the dishwasher, that can be my fee and I'll go and get changed into a whoring outfit, now that makes me one cheap whore." Sue left the room laughing and left me rushing to clear up.
Sue came back down 15 minutes later and entered the room making her way to the dinning table then lent face down over it. Sue's 5' 6" had increased considerably thanks to the red 6" heeled shoes she was wearing, she was not wearing much else apart from heavy make-up, and a pair of black fishnet stockings held up by a red suspender belt which matched her shoes and framed her fantastic ass. Looking back at me over her left shoulder she asked, "Can you hear that?"
"What?" I replied.
Sue spread her legs nice and wide. "My shoes, they are shouting come fuck me, come fuck me in the ass – one loaded dishwasher equals one ass fuck. It's that time of the month so it will have to be my ass, a girls got to earn."
I stripped like a man who was about to ass fuck the woman of his dreams, because that was what I was going to do. Sue had removed her right hand from the table and put it to work on her clit. "Don't worry I lubed myself up as I was getting ready, we whores know time is money."
I virtually ran to the position behind Sue, pushed her upper body flat onto the table and pushed my cock into her ass. It was clear that she had prepared herself well as there was no resistance as I pushed. Sue was shouting what she wanted to happen during her birthday gang-bang and mixed in what had turned her on during our weekend adventure. Thank goodness we lived in a detached house as I had no idea how I would have faced our neighbours given the things that Sue was shouting. I tried to last as long as possible but with Sue's commentary, combined with her alternating between grinding her ass against my cock and trying to squeeze it with her ass muscles it was not making it easy to hold my orgasm back. When Sue shouted, "Come on, come on I have another trick waiting." I felt my balls tightening and then my cum shooting deep into her ass. I rested on top of Sue for a few minutes until I was told. "Now I need to be cleaned up as I can't expect my next trick to take me like this, not unless I'm prepared to give discount and I don't give discounts."
Sue moved so that my cock popped out of her ass, then turned and lent back against the table pulling me towards her and down so that my mouth was near her pussy before she turned back to lean over the table again. I knew what she wanted and set to work licking her ass, I could see our mixed juices had already squirted down her thighs and onto her stocking. "Work that cum out of my ass." I was happy to comply and so we started a long and enjoyable night of sex with me playing the part of a series of customers. I think Sue was a little surprised at just how kinky some of the customers a whore has to deal with can be but that's a story for another time.
The next morning after getting ready for work Sue punched me on the shoulder. "Well you got your monies worth last night, just glad you didn't part with any real money as I dread to think what you would have expected – I feel a little sore in all the right places. I don't know how those whores do it day after day. Don't forget it's your turn to do some work this week you have a birthday to arrange. Have to go now – love you".
With that she was out of the door with me shouting after her, "Love you."
I think it was all of thirty seconds before I started putting my plan in place. I took up position at my keyboard and started searching for large conferences taking place the following Thursday and Friday. Having sorted a few possibilities I then set about trying to find hotels where the conferences were taking place or located nearby that had a large double bedded room available. The second part was not easy and I had to settle for a bridal suite but the advantage was this would give us more room to play in. I telephoned Sue and told her I had booked the room for the following Thursday night, that being the day of her birthday, and for the Friday and told her to arrange things with her staff so that she had the long weekend.
"I've told them already, I knew I could rely on you. I think you are as keen for it to happen as I am. Have you arranged anyone yet, where are we going, has all this made your cock hard?"
I laughed before replying. "In answer to your questions. No not yet but that will not be a problem, it's a surprise and yes very hard from the moment you left this morning and I started making the arrangements."
"Sam I have to go now, I have a meeting in 15 minutes and I need to go and scratch an itch first. See you later."
Once Sue had hung up I got down to some proper work and made no effort to find anyone for her birthday surprise, that was not part of my plan. The purchase of a video camera was and the following day I made what I was sure was going to be a very worth while investment and spent the rest of the day experimenting in using it.
Over the following days leading up to her birthday Sue continued to question me about the arrangements and I continued to assure her they were all in hand. Parcels arrived and Sue returned from work laden with various bags informing me that at she had been buying outfits to try out and all my offers to act as a jury of one were rejected with comments along the line of. "We can all have secrets." Sue seemed to be rationing the actual sex between us but was happy enough to spend lengthy periods licking and playing with my cock as she talked about her birthday plans. As the day approached it seemed that Sue required less and less effort on my part to reach orgasm during sex and from the things she was saying it was obvious that the day could not come quickly enough.
Sue took the morning before her birthday off work to go to her usual salon having told me the night before, "I want to look my best for your friends tomorrow. I want my hair, face and nails done, oh and I want to make sure I'm nice and smooth." When Sue got home that night she looked fantastic, her shoulder length blond hair had been trimmed and was very straight. Her face make-up and nails, now painted bright red, were immaculate. My tongue was called upon to check for hairs on her pussy. While I was working on her pussy Sue was telling me other things she hoped for over the following nights and informed me. "I had my hair trimmed a bit and straightened just for you. I was worried Jane who did it might guess what I was up to. I kept checking how it would fall when I moved my head. I know you were so turned on when that black guy was fucking my mouth and my hair was swinging to cover and expose his dick going in and out."
On the morning of her birthday after receiving the obligatory breakfast in bed she told me to make myself busy while she showered, packed and dressed. I used the 2 hour wait to carry out detailed research, that's my excuse, on various porn sites. Sue then appeared at the door to my office took a step in and stood with hands on hips and legs slightly apart. "Will I do?" She asked.
Sue was wearing a tight black dress, mid thigh length, showing off her great legs. She had on a pair of very high black stilettos, black stockings, the small tell tell bumps in the dress on her upper thighs confirming a suspender belt. The tightness of the dress emphasized the sexiness of her shape and the plunging neckline only added to this. The bra Sue was wearing was pushing her already prominent breasts up and the 'V' shaped gold necklace she was wearing seemed to be pointing the way. Her make-up was immaculate and classy and she had taken care to ensure her hair was looking as it the previous night. As she gave a twirl I could see the slit at the back of the dress was long enough that one could almost see to the top of her stocking and I knew there would be a flash of white flesh when she walked. "Can I just fuck you here and now sod the hotel you look amazing." I hoped this sounded sincere given how much in truth I wanted to get to the hotel.
"You are such a sweet talker. Glad you approve. So lets go." I took this as a no to my suggestion and satisfied myself with a hug and an attempt at a kiss. "No, don't mess my make-up or dress it's taken a lot of work to look like this and don't think there will be any messing about on the way. I want to turn heads when we get to the hotel and not because it looks like we have couldn't wait for the hotel and had a sex on the way." I noticed that in this persona 'fuck' was not being used.
We headed for the hotel in Bournemouth and on entering to register Sue had her wish in that she did turn a number of heads as we walked to the reception desk. The foyer area was busy, mainly with men either stood or or at tables drinking tea,coffee or something stronger. Sue's appearance seemed to reduce the noise level for a few seconds before it recommenced with renewed volume. I noticed a number of nudges being given to those that had not already noticed Sue. I felt smug that my plan was working, I had selected a conference where I was sure the delegates were likely to be male dominated, and my guess had proved correct. There were a number of staff on reception dealing with delegates and guests. When Sue heard the bridal suite being confirmed as our rooms she pushed her leg against mine to attract my attention then gave me a big smile and mouthed, "Thank you."
We made our way to the suite with the porter following with our bags, I had left the camera in the boot to fetch later. The rooms were ideal with a nice large balcony overlooking the sea. Sue asked me to go and get some magazines and any other bags she had left in the car. I instinctively knew this was an excuse to get me out of the room but I was more than happy to play along. I took my time and when I returned with the magazines, camera bag and accessories Sue was looking flushed. "I've put all our stuff away. I need a quick bath after that drive. Order some wine from room service then you sort out your toys for tonight. Then lets go out have a nice meal before your friends arrive, what time did you say?"
"9.30." Looking around I realized Sue must have had to rush to put our stuff away before I returned.
"That's great I can relax in the bath as I don't see myself getting much sleep tonight." Sue laughed as she walked into the bathroom adding, "Or should I say I hope I don't get much sleep tonight."
I ordered some Champagne and some snacks, I knew this was a wise investment as Champagne always makes Sue extra hot for sex. I set about sorting the camera and lights out in the bedroom setting. I was grateful we had the suite of rooms as it meant when room service arrived with the drinks and nibbles they could not see the camera etc. in the bedroom. I took a glass of Champagne and some of the food into Sue in the bathroom, she quickly pulled her hand from under the water. I knew she had been playing with her pussy.
"Anything I can do for you?" I asked as I handed her the drink, placing the food on the area behind the bath.
"No you save yourself for tonight." Sue took a long drink then said, "My favourite, but you know what this does to me, do you want to bring the bottle in and leave it as I'm going to be some time?"
I went back to the living room and returned with the ice bucket containing the bottle and placed it alongside the bath. I then returned to my work of setting up the camera before I got on the bed and watched television until Sue eventually emerged from the bathroom and joined me. Sue made no comment on the camera and lights but raised her eyebrows and gave me a cheeky smile. It was clear she was a little merry having virtually finished off the bottle, I had already decided to refrain from drink as I wanted to make sure my plans went without a hitch.
My attempts at playing with Sue were met with instructions that she was going to sleep for a while and was out of bounds until later. I confess that once she was asleep I did undo her bath robe then practised zooming in with the camera – I wanted to make sure nothing would spoil filming later and it gave me a chance to capture Sue looking sweet and sexy before her transformation into slut and filthy. Zooming in I could see how hard her nipples were and how wet her pussy looked and knew that she was already having sluttish thoughts. Once I was happy with what I had captured I showered and dressed for the evening.
I let Sue sleep until 5.30pm then woke her by nibbling her nipples then lapping at her pussy. "That has got to be my favourite alarm cock, sorry I mean clock," Sue informed me with a giggle. "You will have to save that for later or we won't have time to eat." Sue slid across the bed as I stood up and squeezed my cock and balls through my trousers saying. "He's been so patient I can't wait for him to receive his reward later." Sue stood while still squeezing me and gave me a long French kiss before letting go and telling me. "Now you get something from the mini bar, sit on the balcony and wait for me to get ready for the first act."
As I went into the sitting room Sue was sorting some items out, she then called me back into the bedroom and asked as she looked down. "Do you think I am smooth enough for later?" I could see she had two fingers buried in her pussy.
"I'm sure you are, after all it was only yesterday that you were waxed but I am more than happy to check."
"Hey that's enough of that I just thought I would check given the inspection you were carrying out when you woke me up. Now go back and amuse yourself on the balcony."
"Stop being a cock tease Sue and shake that lovely ass of yours if you want to have a decent meal before you have other things to eat."
Thirty minutes later Sue joined me on the balcony. She looked stunning wearing a low cut sheer white dress which left very little to imagination being virtually see. I could see Sue was clearly bra less, the dress was more towards micro length than mini displaying her bare legs, I could see through the dress that she was wearing a white thong and the outfit was completed with a pair of silver 4"stiletto heel shoes. "This should do for dinner I have another outfit for later, come on lets go," She took my hand and pulled me back into the room. After collecting Sue's ¾ length fur coat from the bed we made our way from the room. Sue was putting on the coat as we made our way to the lift but not before she had received some admiring and lustful stares from 2 men making their way along the corridor.
Once we were in the lift Sue laughed as she said, "You can close your mouth now, I take it you approve."
I put her hand on the crotch of my trousers so that she could feel my very hard cock. "Need I say more," I asked, which was met with a nice squeeze from Sue.
"I think that speaks volumes," Sue said.
We made our way to the restaurant I had booked with Sue and I enjoying the stares she was receiving as we walked through the lobby in order to get a taxi. The taxi driver appeared to be in his late 50's and was over weight and in need of a shave. We were nudging each other whenever we saw him looking in the rear view mirror in order to ogle Sue's body. Pure lust was apparent on his face. Sue did her best to assist him by pushing the coat back and sitting with her hands on her hips and making no effort to adjust her dress which had ridden up as we entered the cab.
As we were getting out of the cab the driver handed me a card and said "Give me a call if you need a ride later."
I knew what sort of ride he had in mind but just smiled as I paid him and said. "I'll bear that in mind." I thought God loves a trier.
Once we reached the restaurant Sue seemed in a rush to hand her coat into the cloakroom and I knew this was so that she could make a grand entrance to the dinning room. Her plan worked and there was a great deal of open staring as we made our way to the table. The staring seemed to be a mix of admiration, lust, envy and disgust with the gender of the person not being the deciding factor.
Needles to say we had very attentive waiting services and we had a lovely starter and main which was accompanied by more Champagne on Sue's part.
"I am just so incredibly horny. I have been so excited about this trip and being naughty again. Now watch this." With that Sue moved her chair back and stood before making her way towards the rest room. I was smirking at the stares directed in Sue's direction as she made her way past the tables.
Sue was gone for several minutes and as she was sitting back down I noticed that her thong had gone. "Sorry I was so long but the man at the table behind you has been staring at me since we arrived. His wife has been giving him some real grief because of it. I felt sorry for him so when he went to the toilet I felt I should apologize." Sue opened her right hand to show me a good load of spunk before picking up her napkin to wipe it off. "It seemed the least I could do. Look at the table by the window over there." Sue nodded in the direction of one of the tables by one of the widows as she raised her glass in its direction as if giving a toast. "She saw me tossing the bloke off, I think she was a little shocked." It was obvious the woman was telling her partner what she had witnessed and that my wife was the slut in question. Sue then raised her glass to the table behind me and I turned to see one very embarrassed man looking back at me. I raised my glass of water in his direction. I then heard Sue saying, "Do you mind if we skip desert, I have some fucking to prepare for."
As I called for and then waited for the bill I looked at Sue and thought, "what have I created and how the hell will I be able to stand with the hard-on I was sporting." Sue was looking very flushed as she played footsie with me and moved her arms to try and squeeze her tits out of the dress, I like to think this was for my benefit but was probably intended to add to the discomfort of her admirer at the table behind me. Just as we were standing to go Sue said, "Look in his jacket pocket as we pass."
The noise level increased as we stood and Sue's nakedness under her dress became obvious to all as we walked to the cloakroom to rescue her coat. As we passed the table which had been behind me I looked at the man's jacket pocket and could see a short length of white sticking out, I also noticed he was keeping his head down to avoid us.
"I put my thong in his pocket as a gift for him to use when he wanks thinking about what I did for him. I hope his wife does not see it or smell my juices on his fingers, I couldn't resist letting him have a feel," Sue said as we waited for her coat. I thought my cock was going to explode at Sues revelations.
"Do you want me to call your friend, the taxi driver?" I asked.
"No let's get another cab after all then there will be another driver to confirm his story about the fur coat wearing slut flashing to taxi drivers." Sue was good to her word and gave the next driver a great display of her now thong less body on the way back to our hotel including at one point hitching up the hem of her dress to rub her clit. "Hope you don't mind?" She asked the driver.
I don't think either of us were surprised when he replied, "Shit no carry on pleaseeeee carry on, do you want me to take the scenic longer route back?"
"No sorry we have people to see" I replied.
Sue continued to rub her clit as she asked me, "How many are you hoping for tonight?"
"3 or 4 hard to tell, invited more but hard to know who will turn up," I lied.
Sue gave a moan as she orgasmed before informing me, "Second of the night I had the first while I was apologizing to my friend at the restaurant." Then to our driver she said, "Sorry about that, I will clean it up." Sue produced some tissues from her handbag and moved so that she could wipe the leather seat.
I was paying the driver after we reached the hotel when he said, "Shit man she is one hot bitch, you are one lucky fucker," I could only agree with him. He then added , "Whatever she is charging it's worth every penny."
Sue laughed as she told him, "Believe me I am."
Sue did up her coat on the way in to the foyer and then told me in a slightly slurred voice, all that Champagne was certainly having an effect and not just making her increasingly horny, "Go meet your friends I will be about an hour need to put on my best gang-bang clothes and make-up as I so want to make you proud of this slut."
I watched her walk to the lifts and I could see that I was not the only one watching the sexy slut, I was laughing to myself as I realized that with the micro length and plunging neckline of the dress it looked like she was naked under the coat and I knew that she might as well be.
Time for the real entertainment to begin...