Introducing Shannon
Shannon called me three weeks before Jimmy and Andria's wedding day, to invite me out to lunch. Tuesdays were good for me, so she picked me up at my dorm.
As we drove to a popular eatery, she explained that she wanted some help getting her body back into shape.
"Why do you want my help Shannon? I mean, I would be glad to help, but it's not my usual gig."
"...well, I thought your background made you a good confidant and perhaps 'councillor', in my mission to have a better sex life, and to save our marriage," she confided.
I had to pause before answering, and the pause had to be explained.
"How long have you been in love with your husband Shannon?" I asked.
"Since the moment he walked into the dressing room and saw me for the first time," she recalled, with a far off look, it was a turning point in her life. "He took off his glasses and cleaned them, then looked at me again, with a smile that captured my heart, right then and there."
"I know what his job entails Shylo, so I make sure he gets his desires cared for every day. But I really am getting out of shape, and I just don't feel sexy anymore!" she blurted out, in a moment of resignation.
"Okay, step one is a salad for lunch!" then I'll get you signed up for public swimming," I suggested, "we can have a regular lunch and swim date, and then we can talk sex!"
We went to the Pool, and Shannon learned that part time students get access to the pool for free, and the cost for a membership made it smart to take a course, so she settled on Psych basics. I figured that half her problem was that she had too much time on her hands, and she needed to keep her mind busier too, so the return to school could be what she really needed.
Spring Session started the week before, but we could still get her in, so he gave her a student card right away.
Shannon didn't want to go home for a bathing suit, claiming that they would all be too tight, so we went to my favorite seamstress, Karen.
Karen took an expert look at Shannon, and proclaimed that she had the perfect swimsuit for our athlete-in-training.
We went to the closets in the wardrobe section of the theater, and Karen pulled out a few rejects from the school swim team. One was made of ultra light material, and fit smoothly over Shannon's large breasts.
"This is perfect," Karen suggested. "Just enough cover so the boys have to use their imaginations, but it leaves enough skin to keep them looking!"
I had to teach Shannon my favorite stroke, the Breast Stroke, because it works the shoulders and chest muscles.
I kept pace with her, as we moved down the lane. I had to press a bit with the Sidestroke, which isn't as economical as either the Crawl or the Breaststroke.
With only a few verbal instructions, she was gliding through the water like a natural!
I swam in an ultra light, body tight swimsuit, which pulled my breasts snuggly against my rib cage, making me as flat as possible, without being uncomfortable.
I couldn't help but imagine how she was going to look, if she shaved off 30 pounds and tightened up a bit, she could have my job!
We set up a schedule for every day, except Saturday, which was the busiest day for the pool, so a perfect day to take off.
On most days, Shannon would meet me at the pool before lunch, for our workout. By the end of week one, she was doing three sets of ten lengths. Her stamina was heading up, to match her enthusiasm.
I was used to getting a lot of attention at the pool, but I was a bit surprised when one of the Senior Mens Swim Coaches came over to say hi. He was especially interested in Shannon, perhaps because he was around 40 himself, and thought that Shannon was a Grad Student.
"Coach Cory said he liked my form Shylo, was that 'code'?" she asked me, while we ate a salad at the Cafeteria.
"Your form is good Shannon, but I think he was showing his interest in your body, rather than your style," I returned.
She turned a little red, but I knew she was pleased with the attention.
"I'm sure that you are more women than he is used to," I suggested while lifting my breasts, to highlight my point. "I could have gotten on their team, but these hooters slow me down too much."
The truth is, that my time on the 200 butterfly was just as good as their star swimmer, but I would not put in the time that the team required, so all I ever got to do was pace.
Ten days into her schedule was a Friday, and Shannon had her one class in the early afternoon, making it perfect for her to jog the 5 miles to the pool, have lunch, pool time, class, then she travelled with me to the Gingerbread House.
I could see her being excited by her initiation into University life, and the young men would not stop trying to pick us up.
The novelty of the showers had worn off for most of us, but the patrons seemed to love it.
Here there is no risk of touching the wrong thing, yet they could be involved in the manipulation of our clit and labia. The pulses of light, and the flow of water, gave them something tangible to see, and interact with. The flow was not sufficient to actually take me to orgasm, but I could see that a few of the girls were either very good at faking it, or they were really loving it!
Simone was now full time, and Gina was constantly working as our shooter girl, doing body shots herself, or setting up one of us to run a larger group. Gina was getting quite brazen, and would often strip out of her hot pants or bikini briefs, to enjoy the cleansing of a full shower, even without being a stripper. She had some regulars herself, that always looked for her to serve them, and it wasn't just her looks that got the tips. Oh no, she was the dream girlfriend of every guy that she talked to. She knew what to say, to make them putty in her hands.
She never heard any complaints.
Sharon and Pam were having another party, and invited all of the staff. Including Shannon, Ben, Carol, Colon and Capa.
Half of the bouncers came out for the after party, while Greta also had relatives in from distant cities. It was only one week to the big wedding. So she opened up a large section of her restaurant, and she started re-heating some Serbian dishes like sarma and stuffed paprika. Jimmy showed up with a keg and a box of various spirits from the G house, offered by the boss, as their contribution to the party.
I did not expect this to become a sex party. Usually there would be less than 6, and it would stay in the apartment above, but this one started with Shannon!
She was on our makeshift dance floor with her husband, when the clothes started to come off. Greta was clapping and singing, encouraging the married women to capture their mates, and sing love to the world. Greta herself grabbed an old dark skinned man from the kitchen, and took him to a back room.
Ben didn't stop sharron until she was down to a thong, that was so small, it was like she was wearing nothing at all!
At that point the boss took his wife to the Gingerbread Limo, and we got to watch it rocking.
Couples started heading for privacy, if it was convenient. I spied young Capa and wondered why this hadn't happened yet?
"Capa, are you here alone?" I asked hopefully.
"Aunt Carol is my ride Shylo, but I'll let you be my ride if you would like that?", he smoothly inquired.
"Great, Carol left me her wheels so she could go home with Detective Abrams," I informed him.
Back at the dorm, my Cuban conquest was learning just what I liked, when the probe is something other than water and light. His lips and teeth pinched my nipples and nibbs, over and over, one then the other, while his hands squeezed rhythmically.
I was pushing down on his cute brown penis with my whole body, letting him concentrate on all aspects of my pleasure.
My orgasm came fast, and it came hard. I held my breath for the first 20 seconds, but it felt like a minute! This little man had learned a lot more in Miami than sound boards and light panels.
As the passion subsided, he reversed the position, and started pressing into me, at first slow, allowing me to settle into a good position. Then he built it to a piston level pounding into my labia.
Another orgasm scrambled my brains, and left me pulsing with pleasure.
This time my new friend sent another big load into his condom.
Of course I always had condoms!
As Capa became soft, I pulled the condom off, and tied it to save the messy stuff.
Then I sucked him into my warm loving mouth, for a deep cleaning.
I could feel him plumping up already, and he had cum three times already!
His wasn't the biggest tool, but he was proving to be very fast in recovery.
We just kept kissing, and squeezing each other's parts. Even his tits were fun to squeeze, as he responded by plunging down on my breasts.
He was motor boating, with his lips, while his stiffening cock, started pushing against my thighs and bush. He liked to just bounce it, between my thighs, while playing with my tits like a child!
After a while, I reached back, and positioned it at my bum hole.
"I've never been in there before Shylo, It's not considered very manly where I come from," he said gruffly, but he didn't say no.
"Perhaps you want your first experience with anal, to be me pushing into your ass?" I offered, suspecting that I wasn't saying anything he wanted to hear.
Again, no response. Even without two years of Psych training, anyone would take that long silent pause to mean that he was considering it!
I gave his nipple a playful bite, then when he reacted, I scurried out from under him. He only outweighed me by 20 pounds, so he was fun to wrestle with.
I went over to my cabinet of toys, and pulled out my strap on.
I paid over 3 hundred for this sweet setup, where I could change to four different sized dildos. The leather straps were also heavy duty, keeping my faux cock, in a more manly position, whenever I wanted it. The boss among my pets, was a 16 incher, that was really a double dildo, to be used on two pussies at once, but it could mount with half crammed into my pussy, and the other half swung up into a healthy looking 'shecock'!
I showed it to Capa, just to see his reaction, but then took pity on him, and came back to the bed with my little torpedo vibrator.
This toy was a perfect intro into the anus, being stainless steel, and only 4 inches long by 3/4 inch in diameter.
I jumped into the bed, and grabbed Capa by the legs, pushing them up over his head, I got him to hold them for me.
Then I sucked his cock into my mouth and started bobbing.
In between strokes, I pushed the little vibrator into my own pussy, and gripped it with my pussy lips.
My clitorus cried out for me to turn it on, but I had other plans.
With the toy lubed up, I turned it on a light setting, and started playing around Capa's puckered butt hole.
He was busy playing with my tits, but I saw his face scrunch up with anticipation.
I slowly pushed the toy into his virgin hole.
His cock was so hard I could have broken it off if I had a hammer! Instead, I slipped his meat into my moist pussy and started riding him, with my tits in his face and my left hand stroking four inches of steel in and out of his bum.
Two minutes later he announced that he was going to cum. I didn't want to play around with his virgin ride, so I just let it happen, as I gripped his cock with my vagina I milked him, like a machine, for what was left of his ball juice.
As he slipped out of me, I nestled down into his arms, and kissed his neck.
We both slid into a comfortable sleep.
Sunday was always a great day, as long as I didn't have to make a report, or a paper.
Shannon showed up at noon, and marveled at the little Cuban toy I had sleeping in my bed.
"He does look yummy," she mused, while staring at his piss hard on.
"Ben loves it when I suck his dick early in the morning," she explained, while she sipped on a coffee, and I sat there, craving an early toke.
I thought she might go in for a taste, but she was a good girl.
With Capa still asleep, she boldly stripped out of her street clothes to put on her swimsuit.
She showed me a hickey on her thigh, quite close to her brite pink pussy, that she kept clean shaved. I know I saw Capa's right eye peek slightly open.
"He got me here this morning," she proudly pointed to the mark. "...then he got me here too," she whispered, as she indicated her moist mound. This time both of Capa's eyes popped open.
Shannon had only been a stripper for 18 months, but she was around it so much that she was not embarrassed by nudity. She finished getting into her suit, taking the time to carefully, and playfully place each tit in position, within the bra of the swimsuit.
"Just close the door behind you Capa, I don't have much in the fridge, but help yourself," ...return Carol's car please," I proclaimed as Shannon and I headed for the pool.
The swim team was just finishing up a training session as we got there. It was always fun to check out the healthy young men and women.
As we sprayed ourselves under the pool entry shower, one of the coaches approached us.
"Hi, ladies, I'm coach Simpson," she started, but didn't offer her hand.
"Are you both students?" she wondered.
"I am full time, and Shannon is part time," I offered.
"Yes, that is what we thought," she smiled and continued, "We are in a bind, and we need two young ladies to complete our roster for tonight's competition at Fordham University."
"We can see that you ladies can do the Breaststroke, so we thought that you could fill our roster, which would mean that you would compete in one relay race," she explained, with more than a little bit of anxiety showing.
"If we can't get a roster finalized in the next 20 minutes, we will have to drop the whole squad," she finished.
Shannon spoke for us both. "We will help, of course," she offered.
"Great, we just need your student cards to fax over, to the NCAA officials, and then we need to get you some team swimsuits.
We were both outfitted with their largest suits, with my breasts squeezed just a bit tight, and Shannon had to have Karen add a few inches to the straps, so that she was not spilling out of hers.
We both had to make a few phone calls, since I had to break my date, and Shannon had to let Ben know that he had to take care of himself and the twins.
The two small buses left the Student Union at around 6, and headed for the Island. We had about 30 student athletes, and a dozen coaches and trainers, all dressed in student warm up jackets and carrying University equipment bags. Of course our equipment was temporary, with the exception of the suits, we would get to keep them.
The other students were welcoming towards us, though they didn't know us, they knew that our ability to fill in, kept them from forfeiting the match.
We were not surprised to find Ben in the stands, but it had a big impact on Shannon. She was worried about how big she looked next to these younger thinner girls.
To make things worse. Shannon would have to compete in one leg of a relay, to qualify as a participant.
The head coach had both of us in the same heat, so the slow times would only cost them once.
Shannon would only have to swim one length, flip and return, while I had to do the start, diving off the gun. The coach was aware that I had competed in high school, so she had me doing lead-off, even though more matches were lost with false starts, than bad times. I think he just didn't care how we lost. We were a write off.
I felt the adrenaline coursing through my body as I peered down my lane. The chlorine filled my nostrils bringing me back to my high school days, and the edge that I felt at every competition.
The starter gun was a thing of the past, with sound pulses being used now as a starting mechanism, but I watched two dozen heats before mine came up, so I felt fine about my timing. My swim would depend on my turn, but the truth is, that every person in the auditorium was feeling the same thing about their upcoming event.
When our start tone hit, I sprung for a spot in the water that I had been concentrating on.
I kept it shallow, but I still impressed myself with the distance.
The first step is a fluid movement and hard thrust down, past my breasts. My wrists flex as I cup the water away. Every stroke must be steady, with maximum thrust, and recovery.
I was first to the wall, by a fraction. The turn was where the magic comes. As you twist your body, you are still going towards the wall, but you rotate that power into a thrust of the legs and I came off the wall with nearly as much force as my initial dive.
I came through a bit lower than I wanted, but I pierced the surface before any other girl.
The adrenaline kept my tempo high, and I had to control myself to keep from flailing.
I concentrated on piercing the water ahead of me on the perfect angle, and I let muscle memory handle the rest.
On my last stroke, I did the extra body flip to hit the wall ahead of any other girl.
We had permission for me to spot Shannon at the start, so I hustled out of the water, and helped Shannon up on the blocks for her turn. She would not dive until I removed my hand from her foot. When our teammate hit the wall, I released my hands, and Shannon took off!
Nothing about it was pretty. Her dive was shallow, and the splash was felt in Jersey! Her chest was bouncing back and forth in her swimsuit, with the momentum of an Indian Rubber ball!
She covered the distance in ten strokes, and the turn was quite good, though the push needed work, at least she came up shallow, and hungry to cut down the distance!
Shannon lunged and thrust, lunged and thrust, until she hit the wall, with nothing left.
Three of us had to help her out, and that is when we saw that her suit had failed, and she was lunging through the water for the second leg, with her breasts out for everyone to see.
We finished third in the end, but that was a win, giving us that one point our team could not have expected.
The head coach called me over.
"Shylo, why are you not on our swim team?" he started, "You obviously have training, and you out swam everyone in the house in that run, please tell me why you are not on my team?"
"I'm sorry Coach, I don't have the time to commit, with my studies, and my part time work, I can't spend more than the 6 hours per week that I put in now," I lamented.
"What if we can give you a scholarship, that includes enough money so you don't need the part time job," Coach Simpson volunteered, confident that an offer like that could not be ignored.
"Sorry, it's just not worth it to me," I informed him. "If you want me on the team, it will be on my own terms, and I won't take someone's scholarship money."
Eventually the Head Coach let his staff handle the details, but I would be on the team, as a non-scholarship walk-on.
The three of us were going to celebrate, but I didn't want to be a third wheel, on a romantic night, so I swung by the other coaches, and caught sight of Cory.
"Hey, do you want to eat dinner with me and my friends, Um, Coach?"
Bold. Bold was obviously well suited within my job description.
Ben ordered a car, and we were soon headed to a club that Shannon said,"looked like a good investment."
Mike's Place was a strip club, of a sort.
They had a cover charge that clearly showed that women don't pay, yet the two bouncers wanted $40 dollars for the four of us to get inside. Ben paid it, and they let us in. The air was not moving at all, and stank of piss. We went through to the inside and found an older woman stripping for two tables of board patrons.
A waitress came over, with a look that matched the customer's - board.
"Needless to say, they are not valued very highly, but the property has a license for nude entertainment, and they can expand their toilet capacity, which is incredibly important when deciding on the location for a bar.
Ben and Shannon had decided on their East Coast Honeymoon, to expand the business, with the aqua and video graphic theme, to include at least a half a dozen "Strip Houses" between Baltimore and Boston.
Some of the licenses would be bought out, and shifted to a better venue, others might include the property, and require extensive modifications to the building.
We only spent ten minutes in that dive, and Shannon wanted more action, so we headed for a real strip club in Soho.
The Purple Pimp was one of the most successful Strip Clubs north of Miami.
Ben had a special card that got him past the lineup, and the four of us settled into a booth. The topless waitress took our order with no ipad and no pad of any kind. Two minutes later we had our drinks, and the main show was starting.
The pole dancer that they had as a headliner, was as good as you could find. She was a gymnast first, so she did everything with precision, but she was not much of an entertainer. The muscle here was both professional, and discrete. They maintained quiet control, while allowing for fun, and play. Lawyers did business here, while watching the pussy slide past them.
Our hosts bought a round of cocktails and two dancers performed a set routine for us. The girls were impersonal and in their own world, making me wonder how this place survived.
We did not stay for long. As we drove home, Ben explained that the last spot was not a place they wanted to buy, but it was a location that they expected to take over, with a superior product, and a modern image. I was thrilled to see that Ben and Shannon were moving as a team to make some fun changes to the East Coast Adult Entertainment Section, but I was thinking about hitting the sack, early enough to have a bit of fun with my new Canuck friend.
When Ben pulled into my dorm parking lot, he asked if Cory was getting off here too, and I said, "I sure hope he can stay awake long enough to get off here, Ben."
To his credit, Cory simply took my hand and let me take him to his sinful fate.
He was gone when I awoke, but there was a nice note, explaining how he only coached the Backstroke, so we would be fine!
Simone showed up, with Gina, just as I got back from the pool with Shannon.
The coaches had really worked me hard, and they wanted me to start eating with the team, but that would seldom fit into my schedule. Some of the meets were on Saturday nights, and that was going to be a problem too.
We had two missions today. Find something for Simone to wear to the wedding, and find new, cute outfits to wear at work.
Our first stop was our favorite sex toy, and garment store.
I was like a motor-head in the car store, or the computer geek in the mother store of motherboards!
They had some shackles that would hold a subject completely at your mercy, with their wrists pinned between the ankles, but they did not allow enough access to the pussy, so I discarded them for a spreader, that would force your legs wide apart, for excellent access front and back.
Eventually I settled on some finger clamps that I could keep in my purse, and another pink pussy pleaser, in case I had company, when I used my other one, or I could push one into the butt too.
Gina bought another lift up bra, that left her nipples exposed, while Simone found some short shorts, that barely covered her pussy. The smaller the outfit, the more it costs!
We hit the Island to look at dresses. My tastes were like Shannon's, leaning towards silk and satin, while Simone thought denim was a sexy fabric.
Gena poured herself into the perfect little black dress. Her tits filled the bra to the brim, but she didn't want one with bigger cups!
We all bought some extra thongs in a dozen different fabrics and colors.
Simone ran extra small, even in the panty, while Gena's booty had more bounce to it, like mine.
Shannon made the most remarkable purchase, when she snagged a rather expensive Cock Locker!
The bright, stainless steel contraption went over the scrotum, and held the penis in a curved position, such that an erection would be painful.
Just before the clerk put it in a box, I picked it up, and ran my tongue through the dick cage, then handed it to Gena, who did the same and handed it to Simone.
Shannon smiled, and put her new toy in her purse.
"Ben will be wearing this to the wedding as my gift," Shannon said slyly.
They really had to call in favors to get enough staff for next week. All of the regulars booked the Saturday off, and closing the Gingerbread House for a Saturday was not an option, so Colon would be managing, and Capa would be in his usual spot.
Gina was taking Simone to the wedding, while I had Jerry, due to arrive from Panama this Friday for the stag.
Sharon, Pam, Mynx and I had to work two of the weekdays, to free up those ladies to work on the Saturday.
I was ready to work my first Tuesday.
We didn't use the main stage during the week, and the showers were only used when a patron asked for something special, or a dancer needed to clean up or cool down.
I had to open and close, which meant four, till midnight.
We were just heading into the Spring Session at school, and I had my entire summer open, with at least a month clear, for Panama. I didn't tell Jerry, but I was considering a second month, somewhere in the sun.
I wandered the floor, and talked to Capa, while sipping on a full strength vodka and orange juice.
Then the party started. Ken showed up, with a table full of salespeople from his Dealership. Two of them were women, and they were very good looking.
Ken liked his women top heavy! These two were spilling out of their dresses, but in a nice way.
It was obvious early that Ken was bopping one of them, as he exposed her tits while I danced for him. She was not a natural, but she still looked good. I ran my fingers over her nipples, enjoying their springiness. Her eyes told me that she enjoyed it too.
When last call was announced Ken was already preparing to leave. I put my face in between Ken and Tina, and whispered.
"Do you two want any company tonight?"
"Tina was just as happy as Ken, so we headed for his place, which turned out to be a small apartment, very well kept.
"This one wants me to play with her pussy while you fuck me Ken, what do you say!"
I crawled up Tina's body, removing her panties, first. While keeping my tush high up in the air, I went down on Tina, kissing and probing, in a time honoured pattern.
I felt Ken's hands on my hips, and his cock head on my thighs, then he grabbed his 7 inches and banged it against my naked labia, probably causing some splashing, as I was very wet.
When he pressed his probe into my love nest, it slid to it's full depth, and quickly moved into a rhythm, of full strokes, and gentle taps of my cervix. Tina was playing with her own clit, so I sent one hand down to explore my own pleasure zone.
Ken did not wait long, before increasing the tempo, to a more demanding pace.
I found it hard to stay on Tina's clit with my tongue, so I had to use my fingers more. A climax started to build, starting with the tap tap tap that my lover was performing on my mound. Instead of slamming, which many would use, Ken used a gentle stroke to entertain us.
Tina on the other hand, was in a hurry for her first climax. She splashed across her clit now, as she chanted out, "Make me cum, make me cim, make me cum..."
I started to cum, and Ken helped me along, with his bag slapping on my sex.
As sloppy as everything was, we still managed to cum at precisely the same time. Ken was ploughing into me, while I was fixed on Tinas tush, with my tongue working deep inside, and her hands clasping her own breasts.
My eyes rolled back, as I enjoyed a beautiful release. In my opinion, the first cum was always the best one, but this one was really nice, so I looked forward to more!