=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Author's notes:
This story will be considered by most to be 'soft-porn'.
I have submitted this in the 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur' category. Howeverit does include, in the first part especially, sexual situations, (but no physical contact), between a middle-aged father and his eighteen-year-old daughter.
'Summer of 18' is a rewrite of four stories that I wrote nearly seven years ago. The separate stories in their original form have appeared on two other web sites. The individual parts are being submitted, one after the other, about a week apart.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
"Daddy had always helped mother with my bathing," Kara explained, "But, as I am sure I have already told you, mother got killed in a car wreck when I was thirteen."
"Yes you did tell me, but I still have trouble grasping it. Losing your mother at thirteen... that must have been so devastating," Julie interjected.
Kara and Julie had been sorority sisters in high school. It was summer, shortly after graduation. They were sitting at an outdoor table on Kara's pool deck.
"I suppose so," Kara responded, "I've tried to put that part out of my mind. What I do remember though is Daddy deciding that without mother, it would be better if I bathed myself."
Julie and Kara were discussing sex. Julie recognized that Kara's attitudes about sex weren't anything like what she supposed them to be only a month or so before. She had asked Kara what caused the change. Kara was trying to answer the question. Julie nodded to Kara, silently urging her to continue.
"For the next five years or so I not only bathed myself, but mostly at Daddy's urging, was careful about how I dressed around the house." Kara registered Julie's questioning look and added, "At least when he was there."
Kara went on. "When I became a Senior in High School though, I began to dress more provocatively." Kara looked at Julie, noticing the shorts and t-shirt. "Well I guess we both did... But I was still careful when I was home alone with Daddy." Again detecting a questioning look from Julie, Kara hastily added, "Not that I was worried about him. I wasn't, not in the least... But I wanted Daddy to keep thinking of me as his daughter."
Julie's eyes had a sort of glazed look to them. Kara wondered if maybe she was boring her friend. She squinted. Her eyebrows lowered. "You sure you want to hear this," Kara asked. "It is kinda long."
Julie focused. "I'm sorry," she said, "I really do want to hear it. Just leave out the stuff I already know." As Kara chewed on her response, Julie continued, "I've always been pretty uptight sexually and I thought you were too. I want to understand how you became so free and easy about everything."
"Alright, but remember you asked." Kara continued the narrative. "You're right though, I was pretty straight-laced, then Daddy took me to France for my graduation present.
"And now you're back. So what happened?"
"Well it was just the two of us and I thought it was really neat. It was like I had gotten involved with an older man -"
"Yeah," Julie interrupted, "And your Dad is such ahunk!"
"Yeah, I guess he is," Kara responded, "It was pretty exciting too, especially when we were in public. In private of course, we were still father and daughter, and although we shared a room, we watched what we did and how we were dressed when we were alone."
"Sounds like fun... too bad he was your father," Julie quipped.
"Yeah, right," Kara acknowledged, then continued, "Well anyway, Daddy bought a new camera for the trip and from the amount of pictures he took before we left home, it was obvious he intended to take a lot of them during the trip. He told me on the flight over that we would make a scrap book when we got back."
"On our first day in France," Kara continued, "I wore a tan sun-suit. It was the kind of thing I could have worn to a church picnic. It did still show off my legs and arms nicely though, and it was bare at the shoulders. Oh yeah, and it did button down the front."
"I was acting as if Daddy was my boyfriend and not my father. I teased him by buttoning and unbuttoning the top button." Kara paused to gauge Julie's reaction.
"Keep going," Julie coaxed, "You definitely have my attention."
"Well, Daddy went along and acted the part of the boyfriend, offering compliments and making encouraging remarks while he snapped the pictures. I had the top button undone and was half teasing, half kidding..." Kara became flushed and took in a deep breath. "I was trying my best to look sexy but not doing a very good job of it."
"Withthatbody," Julie quipped. Kara had been a cheerleader in high-school and fit the part perfectly. Her waist wasn't ultra-slim but there wasn't any flab either. Kara's breasts were ever so slightly larger than her petite frame demanded and her shapely legs were what cheerleader skirts and tights were made for."You don't even have to try," Julie added, "I've seen the way boys look at you."
"But this was my father," Kara replied. "It was different... or at least I thought it was. While Daddy was snapping pictures he continued with the remarks. At one point, jokingly I thought, he suggested I loosen another button."
"Yourfather?" Julie asked incredulously. "What did you do?"
"Well, I looked around and since no one was watching, I undid another button and exposed a bit of cleavage."
"You're shitting," Julie gasped.
"No... no, I'm not. I figured I was about to get bitched out, but Daddy kept right on snapping pictures and making sexy remarks, just like he really was my boyfriend."
"Andyou?" Julie asked, "What didyouthink?"
"I was surprised to find that it not only didn'tbotherme to be so exposed, but that I actuallylikedit... especially the attention I was getting... even if he was my father." Kara hesitated, waiting for Julie's reaction.
Julie raised her hand to her mouth. "Oh, my God!" she exclaimed. Then slowly lowering it, she said, "I'm almost afraid to ask, but what happened next?"
Kara knew her answer was not what would be expected. "Nothing," Kara dead-panned. "We went back to the hotel and it was like nothing had happened."
"Really?" Julie asked unbelievingly, "Nothing happened?"
"Nothing," Kara affirmed, then continued to relate her tale. "I did give my attire a little more thought the next day though. I deliberately chose clothes that had more skin showing. I wore a button up the front type blouse with the top buttons undone and put on a denim mini skirt with lace along the bottom hem."
Julie nodded, obviously interested.
Kara grinned. "It was a good thing I was wearing panties because the skirt sure didn't cover much," she remarked, then added, "My legs were also bare and I wasn't wearing a bra."
"Nobra?" Julie stammered. "I mean... I have seen you at sleepovers and I know that even as generous as your breasts are, they don't really need any support, but weren't you poking out a little through the blouse?"
"Maybe a little," Kara blushed, "But the blouse was heavy enough that it wasn't really bad."
"Yeah but..."
"I don't remember being all that concerned anyway. I did kind of want a little bit to show. I posed in ways that showed off my legs and butt and gave little peeks into my blouse. And he did take a lot of pictures... and I did get somewhat excited... soyes, my nipples were probably showing -- so what?"
"Sowhat?," Julie gasped. "That was your father you were posing for and you didn't care what he was seeing?"
"Nooo," Kara dragged it out. "It's not like we were sleeping together or anything like that. He was just looking and I was letting him. I mean, nothing happened." Kara really didn't think there was anything wrong with what she had done.
Julie sensed Kara's puzzlement. "Yeah, well, okay. I just know I couldn't have done that withmyfather, but please go on."
Kara wasn't so confidant now. She continued the story with less enthusiasm. "I hadn't planned on being sexy around him and it was difficult to find something interesting to wear. After looking through my clothes the next morning I settled on a denim romper. It was short and showed off my legs nicely."
Kara paused, looking at Julie, trying to divine how she was reacting to the story. Julie seemed surprised, but not judgmental. Kara plodded on. "It buttoned up the front and since I had bought it before I filled out so much..." She hefted her breasts in her hands. "It gapped open some when the buttons were undone. I probably shouldn't have but I again went without a bra. On the other hand I was sort of proud of how I looked and when we left the hotel, I had two of the buttons undone." She threw in, "That was showing a bit more skin than I usually did at home.
Julie's eyes brightened as she visualized what her friend had looked like. Kara could tell that Julie was becoming more excited than critical. Her enthusiasm returned.
"When Daddy started taking pictures though, I wanted to show even more and undid the third button, which was near the bottom of my breasts."
Julie's enthusiasm was building too but she was still shocked by her friend's daring. "Jesus Christ," Julie spit out, "I mean, that is so hot!" Both of the girls were gushing at the thought.
"Wait until you hear the next part," Kara enthused. "We attracted some male tourists who were more interested in watching a scantily clad teenage girl, than in looking at the historical ruins they had paid to see.
"They were watching from a distance, but when I undid the fourth button, they got closer, until they were just behind Daddy who was still taking pictures."
Julie tried to imagine herself in the same situation. "And you weren't wearing a bra?" she stammered, "Are you shitting me?"
"Uh, no... And I was kinda zoning out from all the attention." Kara bragged, "I'm not sure I really had any idea what I was doing. It was almost like I was drugged or something."
"So what happened," Julie asked, definitely on-board now, "Your father was like, encouraging you, wasn't he?"
"Yeah, sort of, I guess," Kara answered. "Most of the strangers had cameras and Daddy suggested they take pictures too. I'm sure it never occurred to them that Daddy was really my father."
Julie's mouth hung open and Kara talked faster. "The men snapped pictures and told me how I should pose. Daddy was taking pictures too but he encouraged the others to tell me what to do. They wanted me to show more skin and soon I was fumbling with buttons again. It didn't matter to me that I was in a public place, or that most of the men were strangers, or that one of them was my father. The attention was like a drug. I craved more."
Kara took several quick breaths. She was obviously reliving the excitement of the moment. "I undid the fifth button. I was bare down the middle, almost to my waist. The insides of my breasts were very much on display and with all but one button undone, it was nearly impossible to keep both nipples covered... But by then I'm not sure I really cared."
Kara hesitated, waiting for a remark from Julie. Receiving only a head nod she raced on breathlessly.
"The men begged me to show more and their excitement turned me on. I'm sure I wanted to get naked. I popped the sixth button. That left only the button at the waist. I undid that one too. I pulled the top apart, baring my breasts and stomach and showing the top of my panties."
"Holy shit!" Julie exclaimed, "Don't stop."
"I was going to leave the panties on but the jumpsuit was coming off. Then I remembered that my father was a part of the audience. I didn't really care that he might see me naked, but with him there, I felt like I should at leastattemptsome restraint."
"Wow, I mean, I would guess so," Julie gasped.
"Yeah, right. I buttoned the last two buttons, at least covering my panties, and ran for the car. The men hollered all sorts of nasty remarks, but I'm sure that when they looked at their photos later, they found they had already seen most of me. Daddy slowly walked over to the car and got in."
"My God, had you at least buttoned up, or were your tits still hanging out?"
"Oh no, they were covered, at least a little bit. Five of the buttons were still undone though and I wasn't holding the jumper together. I did have clothes on, but there was still a lot of skin showing."
Julie tried to arrest her excitement. "You should have buttoned up," she said without it sounding like criticism.
"I know," said Kara, accepting the faux rebuke, "But I didn't want to. It was fun being dressed like that." She grinned.
"You mean undressed," Julie quipped with an envious tone to her voice.
"Whatever. As we drove back to the hotel, I looked through the pictures Daddy had taken. There wasn't much of me that hadn't been photographed that day. Daddy had taken at least a dozen pictures of my bare breasts. It was obvious he liked seeing them as much as I liked showing them.
"While I looked at the pictures, I saw he was looking in my direction every chance he got. I had a lot of exposed skin and my nipples were barely covered. Still, it didn't seem to be enough."
"Oh, my God, please tell me you didn't take it off," Julie said exasperatedly.
"No, I didn't take it off, but as I looked through the pictures, I leaned forward a little, fully exposing a breast and nipple."
Julie's jaw dropped but she didn't say anything. Kara continued, "Being my father and all, I suppose he should have been concerned about how I was dressed. But, if he was, he didn't act it. One could suppose, considering the pictures he had been taking, and the way he was looking at me now, that he was encouraging me to expose even more.
"It was as if he wanted to see just how far I would go. And I have to admit, I was beginning to wonder too." Julie was also wondering. She listened intently as Kara acknowledged, "Yes, I was his daughter, but if he had asked, I probably would have stripped."
"You mean you would have gotten naked in front of your father," Julie stammered.
Kara could see that Julie had gone from being the critical parent to wishing it had been her. Kara knew what the answer needed to be and fortunately it was also the truth. "If he had asked, yes, I probably would have gotten naked. I wanted to get out of my clothes and if he hadn't been my father, I wouldn't have been wearing much more than a pair of panties anyway.
"No, I didn't take my clothes off, but I did leave them unbuttoned until we got near the hotel. It was obvious from the way Daddy was looking at me that he was enjoying the view. He liked looking and I liked being looked at so why should either of us have pretended otherwise." Kara believed her rationalization and Julie nodded, indicating that she bought into it too.
Kara continued boldly with her tale of the events. "Since I had expected, when we left home, that I was going to be spending most, if not all, of my time with my father, and not feeling that I should wear anything suggestive, I hadn't packed many sexy clothes. But having been photographed by him earlier in the day with my breasts exposed was something that both of us had liked."
Julie nodded her agreement. She was living the story as Kara told it.
"I loved the attention I was getting, and not just from my father either. Every guy we met stared appreciatively, especially when I was showing some skin. I'm sure they assumed my father was my sugar daddy, and I wasn't about to tell them any different. Deciding what to wear for dinner that evening was a challenge."
Julie continue to nod agreeably.
"The dinner dresses I had brought were mostly knee-length and high-necked. Not the kind of thing that either of us was going to like very much. However, I did have a swimsuit cover-up that was stylish enough to pass for evening wear. Since it was intended to be worn over a bikini, it had been made of rather thin material, was quite short and had a plunging neckline. I put it on with nothing but a pair of panties under it."
Julie dreamed that some day she might have the nerve to do that too.
"It showed a lot of skin, nearly my entire chest and my legs almost to my crotch. And on top of that, my nipples and aureoles showed through the thin material. I liked it and I was sure he would too."
"Unless he wanted you to go naked," Julie quipped.
"Yeah, well I sure had him figured wrong," Kara said. "I stepped out of the bathroom, expecting instant approval from him. Although he looked me over very appreciatively, he surprised me by telling me that it would probably be better if I wore something less revealing."
Julie frowned. "For real," she asked?
"For real," Kara acknowledged. "I was shocked and confused. I did as he asked though and put on one of the conservative dresses I had brought."
"You probably put on a bra too, didn't you."
"Yes, I still didn't understand why but I knew it was time to dress for church. Over dinner I got a semblance of an explanation."
"So what was it. What was going on?"
"Daddy explained that he liked to watch me show off. I reminded him of my mother. She had liked to show off and he suspected that was a good bit of what he had fallen in love with. One time, like today, he took pictures of her as she got almost naked in front of a bunch of strangers. He had liked it and he was pretty sure she had too. Now, during the daytime, with other people around, he liked seeing me as he had seen my mother."
Julie was listening intently, but beginning to believe that something about it didn't quite ring true.
"He continued, saying that in the evening however, when it was just the two of us, particularly since we were sharing a room, he needed to be more careful and make sure that he got in bed still thinking of me as his daughter."
"I was disappointed but I knew he was right. It was certainly better for me too, not to go to bed in a sexually excited state.
Julie thought she knew differently. "I think you were getting conned. It's pretty obvious what your father was after," She suggested.
"I think you're wrong," Kara replied. "He didn't need to con me. My hormones were raging big-time and I would have gone along with anything he wanted.
"I believed what he told me. I knew now that during the daytime, he liked being with a show-off and since I liked showing off he was not going to be disappointed."
Julie saw that Kara was not to be dissuaded from her view. "Okay, so what happened then," she asked.
"As I said earlier, I didn't really have much to choose from, but I did have a bikini I hadn't worn yet. It was one of those string types that doesn't cover a whole lot. I had bought it with the hope that when we got to the beaches of France, I would have the nerve to wear it in public. I was sure now I wasn't going to havethatkind of problem, at least not in France, but we hadn't gotten to a beach yet, and I wasn't sure we even had one on the schedule."
Sure now that Kara was leaving out the real truth, Julie just nodded.
"I put the bikini on instead of underwear but since we were going sightseeing, I had to cover it up with something. Everyone seemed to like my exposed skin, including me, so I put on a pair of low cut jeans and a tie top that left my midriff suggestively exposed. Daddy for sure liked the bare stomach."
"I'll bet," quipped Julie.
"He even ran his fingertips across it. Its a good thing we were in a public place at the time. I'm not sure which of us liked it more.
"We stopped at several places for picture taking. I undid the few buttons on the tie-top early in the day. A couple of times, when no one else was looking, I unbuttoned the top button on my jeans. However, Daddy had not seen the bikini and I still hadn't told him about it.
"Late in the day we stopped at a relatively secluded place - at least there were no other people around. While I posed for the first picture, I began to untie the blouse. Daddy's eyes bugged out of his head. I don't know what he thought I was wearing under it but he sure was anxious to see."
"I guess so," injected Julie, still thinking she knew what was really going on.
Ignoring the interruption, Kara went on, "After I took the blouse off, I adjusted the bra cups on the bikini to expose as much skin down the middle as was decently possible. Then, with Daddy still snapping pictures, I reached down and slowly unbuttoned my jeans.
"Daddy had seen me do that before but was totally blown away when I continued on and lowered the zipper. The bikini bottom was tiny and barely visible when I started to slide my jeans down my legs. I got them down past my knees and stopped to let him take pictures.
"He must have kicked the camera into overdrive. He was snapping pictures so fast I thought it was going to burn up. It was obvious he liked how I was dressed and I was thrilled by the attention I was getting. I had gotten rid of the blouse and had the jeans down around my ankles. I eventually slipped the jeans off my feet and got into the car wearing nothing but the bikini."
Julie, once again caught up in the story, chimed in with, "Hot, hot, hot!"
"Oh yeah, it was hot alright," Kara said, "most definitely a big hit. So much so that Daddy said on the way back to the hotel that he was sorry he hadn't included one of Europe's famous topless beaches on the agenda. I hadn't thought much about it before then, and didn't say anything, but I was disappointed too. "
"You would have gone topless in front of your father," Julie asked, not indicating how she felt about it one way or the other.
"Sure, why not? It isn't like he hadn't already seen my tits. He had."
"Yeah, but that was just a brief glimpse. This would be for hours and on a public beach to boot."
"That's what topless beaches are for," Kara answered smoothly. "Anyway, let me finish, you're getting ahead of me."
Julie snapped back, "Forget the foreplay. You did go to bed with him didn't you?"
"My father? Nooo! Of course not! How could you even think that?"
"You mean thats not where you're going with this?"
"Thats what was so amazing about the whole thing. I could be as sexy as I wanted, and I did want. He could be as lecherous as he wanted. He could even encourage my sexuality. But nothing was going to happen. We were still father and daughter."
Julie said nothing. She just stared blankly at Kara.
"Do you want me to quit," Kara asked.
"What? Oh no. This has got to be the hottest thing I've ever heard," Julie answered.
Kara slowly resumed, "Daddy did remind me though that the hotel had a spa and although he said I should put the jeans and blouse on in order to walk through the lobby, he suggested that we might relax in the spa before dinner.
"Daddy had to go to the room to get his swim suit so after I dumped the jeans and tie-top in the changing room, I went into the spa by myself.
"There were two guys lounging in deck chairs when I walked in. I guessed they were businessmen, probably around my father's age. They acted excited by my presence. I'm sure it helped that so much of me was exposed. One of them remarked that it looked like I was about to fall out of my bikini.
"The comment embarrassed me but I did have their attention and I intended to keep it. I pretended to take the joke seriously and agreed that it might need retying. Looking straight at them, I put my hands behind me and retied the top. I purposely took a long time doing it, acting as if I didn't realize how it was showing off my breasts."
"You tease," Julie accused jokingly.
"And loving it too," Kara responded. "Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Daddy come into the spa. I called to him by his first name and asked him to help me. I didn't want the guys to know he was my father. I also didn't want them to think he was the jealous type."
"Of course you wouldn't want them to think that," Julie said, her eyes lighting up. "That might ruin all the fun."
"Right," Kara said, "Daddy said that from what he could see I didn't need any help. I finished tying the top myself and then took hold of the bottoms, sliding them a little lower on my hips, supposedly to make sure they were snug."
"I'm surprised you didn't get raped," Julie added.
"Me too. But there was something about the way those guys looked at me, Daddy too, that was getting me terribly excited. I don't think it would have been rape. If it hadn't been for the hotel rules, the bikini probably wouldn't have stayed on much longer. The top at least would have been gone, Daddy or no Daddy.
"Fortunately Daddy had gotten some good news when he stopped at the room. We had thought we were going to have to leave the next day but he had gotten a message from his office making it possible for us to stay an extra day. Daddy said we could do the topless beach after all. I asked if he had taken Mother there. He acknowledged that he had and without further prompting told me that she had gone topless at the time.
"I asked if I was supposed to go topless. He said it was totally up to me. He would be okay with it either way. Even though he suggested that I wait until we were at the beach before making my decision, I had already decided."
"Am I supposed to ask?" Julie said.
"I think you already know the answer," Kara replied. "The next day I put the yellow bikini on again. It didn't cover much but I was planning to be wearing even less once we got to the beach. I put the cover-up over it. I felt really sexy and from the smile on Daddy's face, I must have looked it too.
"The beach was only a short distance from the hotel and after I had looked around a bit, I decided that whether or not a woman went topless was probably related to how she felt about her breasts. I was definitely proud of mine so it took only a couple of minutes for me to get up the courage to join those that were topless.
"I'll bet your Dad liked that," Julie observed.
"Oh he was definitely enjoying the scenery on the beach but getting him to look at his daughter's breasts without blushing was quite another matter. He did eventually get to where he could look at me without turning red, but I was never able to get him to help me with the suntan lotion."
"Yeah, I bet," said Julie.
"No, really, he wouldn't do it. But he did like watching me do it. After we had been there a couple of hours, he started reminding me regularly that I needed more suntan oil. No doubt he liked watching. He was particularly attentive when I spread it on my breasts."
"Yeah, I bet," Julie chided.
Kara went on, "Around noon, when I was still trying to persuade Daddy to help me with the suntan lotion, he shook his head no but pointed to the guy on the other side of me. The guy he pointed at was about twenty feet away, probably in his mid twenties. So far he hadn't said anything to us but he was definitely interested, at least in my breasts, as he had been looking my way quite a bit."
"You mean to tell me your father was actually suggesting that you let a stranger rub suntan lotion on your almost naked body?" Kara asked with a look of astonishment.
"I guess so. I was surprised too. He must have realized how badly I needed some physical attention. I guess he thought that as long as he was there it wouldn't get out of hand. Besides I think he kinda wanted to watch anyway."
"I tried to talk to the guy but I guess he didn't speak English. Anyway, when I showed him the bottle of suntan lotion, he had no trouble understanding what I wanted. He was anxious to help but looked inquisitively at Daddy to make sure it was okay with him. Daddy nodded his assent.
"Holy shit," Julie said, "you mean you actually let him do it?"
"I admit it was a bit weird, but it also seemed exciting," Kara said. "I did feel a little sense of modesty and thought it might be a good idea to cover up a little bit anyway. I pulled on an open front sweater and made a half-hearted attempt to cover my breasts. I hadn't really covered much except my nipples."
"My, how demure," Julie said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
Julie ignored the remark and continued, "As I handed over the bottle of lotion I looked at Daddy for approval. He smiled as the stranger began spreading lotion on my legs and thighs.
"What he did with his hands was sensual, more like a massage. He brushed the edges of my bikini, but never further. His motions were so unhurried that he must have liked what he was doing as much as I did. "
"I would think so," interjected Julie.
"While his hands stroked my legs and thighs his eyes roamed over the exposed flesh above. The sweater I had put on covered my nipples, but it came only to the bottom of my breasts. I had left it unbuttoned and it was wide open. The insides and bottoms of my breasts were bare.
"Sexier than if you'd been completely naked," Julie remarked.
"He finished my legs and started on my stomach. I was a little nervous about this part but with Daddy watching, I knew I didn't have to worry. The stranger's hands traveled over my exposed skin, from the edge of the bikini bottom, to the bottom of my breasts, then between my breasts, as far as my neck and and then back again.
"As he continued applying the oil his eyes flicked from one covered breast to the other. I'm not sure who was turned on more, him or me. Even Daddy was breathing heavily.
"I slowly began to raise my arms over my head. As I did, the sweater caught on my hardened nipples, then broke free and fell to my sides. His hands stopped as my breasts popped free, not a foot from his face.
"I made motions about needing lotion on my breasts. He stammered and tried to hand me the bottle but I shook my head no and motioned for him to do it. He looked again at Daddy and got another nod.
"You let a stranger play with your tits in public, and right in front of your father? I'm not believing this!" Julie said in a low and authoritative tone.
"You better believe it," Kara said, "because thats what happened. I was so turned on I didn't really care what anybody saw or thought.
"I had been felt up a few times and even had sex in the backseat of a car, but I had never imagined having a man's hands on my breasts in broad daylight and certainly not with Daddy and other people watching. It was definitely the most erotic thing I've ever done.
"What he was doing to me had nothing to do with suntan lotion, it was all about sex. His fingertips stroked my nipples until they were hard as rocks. Then he circled my breasts with his hands, grazing the nipples lightly with his palms.
"I arched my back, closed my eyes and held my breath. I was about to have an orgasm. The stranger could tell that. He put both hands on my breasts and massaged them toward the nipples. As I began to tremble he gently squeezed the nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. I bit my tongue to keep from screaming out."
"Oh my God! You mean you actually had an orgasm right there on the beach in front of your father and everyone?" Julie couldn't believe what she had heard.
"When I realized how obvious it was to everyone, I got really embarrassed. Daddy tried to make me feel better. He said I needed the release and shouldn't be embarrassed about it. I took the stranger's hands in mine and squeezed them. He got up and went back to his own towel.
"In spite of what Daddy had said, I was still embarrassed. I was sure that everyone was talking about me and I wanted to leave. Daddy agreed and we were soon on our way back to the hotel. In the car I asked him who had put the suntan lotion on Mother. He told me there had been a stranger that time too. I could guess the rest."
"You think your mother had an orgasm too," Julie asked.
"Oh yeah. I'm sure of it. Daddy was entirely too nonchalant about the whole thing for it to have been the first time. I think he even planned it."
"But..." Julie stammered.
"Don't you see? Mother was a free spirit sexually. He loved her. He wanted me to have the same attitude. He wanted me to enjoy sex like Mother did."
"And you think he was just being fatherly?" Julie said accusingly.
Kara replied defensively, "Of course I mean that about him. He didn't even have a girlfriend. As much teasing as I was doing he must have been ready to explode. Still we were sleeping in the same room, using the same bathroom, with each other twenty-four hours a day and he never once came on to me in any way. Thats got to be fatherly."
Julie had to agree. "Yeah, I guess you're right. I'm just having a little trouble believing it. I can't imagine how anyone could be so into sex and yet resist so much temptation."
"Well he did and so did I," Kara asserted, "I learned a lot on the trip to France, not so much about France itself, but a lot about me. I knew I liked showing off and being the center of attention. I learned that being sexy was fun. I liked the way men looked at me, especially when I wasn't wearing much. I liked being touched and I liked being a sex object."
"Whoa... You like being asex object." Julie's voice had risen in disbelief.
"Uh huh, it's fun! You ought to try it."
"Well I don't know if I would have the nerve to do even half of what you've done but..." Julie looked at her watch. "Oh shit, I've got to go. I was supposed to pick up my grandmother five minutes ago."
"You're coming back though."
"Not today, probably not for several days. I'm taking her for some cataract surgery and knowing her she'll have me waiting on her hand and foot for the next few days."
"Next week then."
"For sure. I want to talk more about this."
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
I have enjoyed rewriting this story. I hope you are having fun reading it.
Part 2 will be submitted about 7 days after this was submitted.
Please take another minute to leave a comment and/or vote.
Thank you,
Trace Ekies