"Your destination is on your right in 500 feet".
My heart was pounding in my chest. I pulled up to the house and shut the car off, taking one last look in the rear-view mirror to make sure my make-up was perfect and my perky tits were straining to pop out of my shirt. I got out and grabbed my bag from the backseat before walking up to the house. My palms were actually sweating from anticipation.
Just as I reached my hand up to knock on the front door, it opened wide.
"Surprise!" yelled Lynn, running out and giving me a bear hug, lifting me off the ground and twirling me in the air.
I kicked my legs and slapped her shoulders so she would put me down, and as she did Lynn's Mom and Dad stepped out on to the porch and put their arms around each other. Lynn's Mom was a stout woman, standing around 5'2" and had let herself go a bit as she got older. Her large breasts strained against her blouse, and her faded jeans were a little too tight for her, but she was actually quite striking and still had a natural beauty about her. Her father, in sharp contrast, had taken impeccable care of himself. He was a fair amount taller than his wife at about 6'0" and was fit for his age. His dress slacks shaped his muscular legs, and as he leaned over to kiss his wife, I was able to catch a glimpse of his firm, bubble butt. His button up shirt was tucked into his pants and he had his sleeves rolled up to his elbows.
"Lynn has told us so much about you! What an absolute delight to finally meet you," Lynn's Mom squealed, running up to me and wrapping her arms around me before bringing her head to either side of mine, giving me air kisses on the cheek.
"So glad you could make it down for the weekend," said her Dad, reaching out his hand for a firm handshake and taking my bag. "Come on in, make yourself at home".
The house looked like it could have been on the cover of a magazine. Lynn's father is a doctor, so I assumed they were well off, but I was not prepared for the sheer size of the house. Once we were in the doors, Lynn took my bag from her Dad and my hand, and said she would show me my room for the weekend. As we bolted off to the stairs, Lynn's mom called after us that we had to come right back for the rest of the tour.
Lynn dragged me down the hallway, pointing at doors and telling me what was behind them, "Brian's room," she said pointing to the door at the far end of the hallway. "bathroom, my room, Mom's art studio, Dad's office," she directed as we half jogged down the corridor. "And this..." she opened the door and we both stepped through, "is your room".
The room had a queen-sized bed, two dressers, a full length standing mirror, small book case packed with books, and an oversized arm chair and still needed a large area rug in the middle to tie it all together. Lynn closed the door behind me threw my bag on the bed, grabbing me and planting a deep kiss on me before groping my boob and reaching in her pocket.
"Oh my God that was so hot," she grinned, producing the remote from her pocket. "You should have seen the look on your face when I hit the button right as I opened the door".
I flinched as she hit the button again and my hand reached down to my crotch.
"Ah ah," Lynn scolded, slapping my hand away. "You know the rules! You have to wear them the whole time and I get the controller all weekend," she said with a devilish grin.
"I know, I know. You're so evil! Well, you know I held up my end...let's see yours," I teased, flipping up Lynn's skirt and slapping her tight little rump.
"Gladly," she said, bending at the waist and flipping up her skirt.
Peeking out from behind her thong silk panties was the red jewel end of her favorite butt plug.
"It's been in all morning, I only took it out when I went for a swim earlier today," she said, reaching back and pulling it out before sliding it slowly back into place. "I wish we could fool around some more, but my Mom will come looking for us if we keep her waiting too long".
As we were coming back down the stairs, Lynn's brother, Brian was walking to the front door. He was wearing a loose tank top and basketball shorts. He was the tallest of the family, standing at just above 6'2" and couldn't weigh more than 180 pounds. His arms were not bulky, but were toned and he was in fairly good shape.
"I'm going to play some ball with the guys," he shouted over his shoulder to no one in particular.
"Hey, hold up a sec Bri," Lynn called out and he threw his head up, grinding to a halt.
"Yeah," he said, turning and seeing the two of us standing there.
Once he saw me he, corrected his posture and visibly sucked in his stomach slightly. As he reached out his arm I saw Lynn reach into her pocket. The jolt hit my crotch just as Brian's hand and mine met and I could feel my body tighten and imagined Brian thinking it was in response to him. Little did he know his little sister had her finger on my button -that is to say-thebutton to the vibrating panties I was wearing.
"You must be the infamous Jade," He smiled meekly at me. "I'm sure we'll catch up more when I get back".
With that, he turned and walked to the front door. Lynn's mom called for us to join her in the kitchen and Lynn finally gave my loins a break. As we walked into the kitchen, Lynn's Mom, or Brooke as she demanded I call her, had opened a bottle of wine, and put out a spread of guacamole, chips, and salsa.
"Come on girls, grab a glass and join me on the house tour".
We obediently grabbed our glasses, and followed Brooke. Every time Brooke would turn her back, Lynn would give me a quick zap, and I did my best to not let on that I was enjoying the torture immensely.
"Now I'm sure Lynn showed you the upstairs, so no need to go over that again," Brooke said, leading us past the dining room and waving her hand, "here's the formal dining room," she said, not stopping and continued to the living room.
There was a huge TV hanging on the wall, three couches forming a U in front of it, and a square ottoman in the middle of the room. Brooke still didn't stop and crossed directly to the other side, where another staircase wound down.
"Living room," she called over her shoulder as she neared the stairwell and continued down, "watch your step down here," she called waving her hand over the stairs.
Another zap hit me between my thighs as we got to the top of the stairs and didn't stop until we hit the bottom. Once there I gave Lynn a sharp smack on the ass and let my hand linger just enough to slide a finger under her skirt and give a tug to her plug.
"And this is Bill's favorite room," Brooke said turning the corner and stepping into the den.
The large, open spaced room had a giant pool table in the middle of it, a poker table with eight chairs around it off to one side, and a fully stocked bar against the far wall. There, lying on one of the large leather sofas, was Lynn's Dad, Bill, cocktail in hand. He was watching an old black and white movie on the projector screen that hung down from the ceiling.
"Turn this crap off, old man, we want to have some fun," Brooke said, slapping Bill's feet off the couch and slumping down beside him.
Bill reluctantly reached out the remote and with a click, the lights brightened, the screen retracted into the ceiling, and classic rock music filled the room. He rocked himself to his feet and crossed to the bar.
"Did Brooke bore you to death yet with the tour," Bill said, holding up a bottle with amber colored liquid in it and pouring the rest of it into his glass.
"Not at all, you have a beautiful home Dr.—Sorry. Bill".
"Well thank you, we like it too," he said, holding up his glass. "To a great weekend," he toasted, and we all echoed, before taking a big sip. "Let's get Brian down here and we can all play a game or something".
Lynn crossed to him and threw her arms around his neck, "he went to play with his friends, Daddy. He's much too cool to hang out with losers like us".
"His loss. What shall we do ladies," Bill inquired.
Brooke got up from the couch, grabbed another bottle of wine from behind the bar, and started opening it.
"Well, whatever we do I think we're going to need at least one more of these," she said winking at me.
We decided to play a game of pool and as Bill was racking the balls, I watched Lynn go up to the table and bend over, reaching back to check the hem of her skirt with her hand to make sure nothing was showing. I nonchalantly snuck up behind her and tickled the back of her thigh, bringing my lips to her ear.
"Careful now, you wouldn't want to show daddy your precious jewel," I whispered.
She turned with a scowl and reached into the little pocket of her skirt, sending a quick jolt through me. My body tensed and I knew this was going to be a long game. Bill had finished racking and walked up to me holding one of the cue sticks.
"Here you go Jade, guests have the honor of breaking," he said holding it out to me.
I took the stick and made my way to the front of the table. Brooke was pouring another glass of wine, leaning against the wall. Lynn was standing off on the side of the table with her hands shoved into her pockets, finger on the button I was sure. Bill walked back around to the front of the table and was opposite me. I lined up the ball and took several practice strokes with the cue, from my peripheral it looked like Bill's eyes were looking straight down my cleavage. I decided to check and as I looked up to him, he swung his neck to look at the bar, telling me all I needed to know.
The near constant buzzing between my legs was starting to take a toll on me, and I decided to have some fun with Bill. I looked back down at the balls and started shifting my weight from my left foot to my right causing my boobs to sway ever so slightly. Finally, I drew the cue back and brought all my force forward, sending the cue down the table and bursting the balls apart. Looking up, Bills focus was not on the balls, but on my chest.
"Okay your turn Bill, show me what you got," I said, handing him the cue.
He circled the table searching for his best shot. Lynn walked in front of me and pushed her backside into my hip. I quickly scanned the room to see if anyone was paying attention and found Brooke with her nose in her glass and Bill still contemplating his shot. I snuck my opportunity and slid a hand up under her skirt, running a finger under the string of her thong panties and toying the little plug securely positioned in her little hole.
She took a sharp breath in and bit her tongue to keep from moaning. I put my thumb on the back of the jewel piece and put some pressure on it, before rolling it in a large circle. Lynn clenched her cheeks and pulled away from me, causing her thong to snap back against her skin. The snap sound made Brooke turn her head to investigate as Lynn's skirt floated back down against her legs. I wasn't sure if she'd seen anything, but if she did she didn't let on and returned to her wine. Bill did not seem to even notice and finally bent over the table, taking his shot.
Another ball sank into the pocket and he circled the table until he was standing in front of Brooke. Brooke reached out with her foot and kicked Bill's bottom. He stood, and turned, looking back at her. She turned her head as though she wasn't even paying attention and had no idea what was going on. Bill turned back to the table and shook his behind at Brooke.
"You guys are such dorks," Lynn teased.
"That's right, look at that cute little caboose," Brooke said, reaching out her hand and fake squeezing Bill's rump.
"Eww, T-M-I Mom".
Bill and Brooke laughed, before turning and kissing.
"I think it's adorable," I said and gave Lynn a playful smack on the shoulder. "I hope I have someone I can be silly with as we grow old together".
As Bill turned to take his next shot, Brooke slumped back into her barstool and was still staring at Bill's butt.
"Oh don't worry, there's still plenty of time for both of you to find your Bills," she said, licking her lips.
Bill sank another ball and walked in my direction. As he neared, I pushed my chest out a tad and with his attention on the table, he realized too late how close he was too me and accidently brushed my chest with his shoulder.
He blushed and turned to me, "Oh. I'm so sorry. Excuse me".
"Not a problem," I said. "Happens all the time".
He glanced to my chest, blushed again, and turned to the table. Something must have put him off his game as he missed his straight shot. Lynn grabbed the stick, and shot me a quick look. She walked up to the table and started lining up her shot.
"I have to go to the little girl's room. I'll be right back," I said, pushing past her on my way to the bathroom.
I knew from Lynn's glare that she disapproved of me flirting with her Father, but decided she more than likely wouldn't mind me flirting with her in front of her Dad and got a devilish idea on how to do both at the same time. Once in the bathroom, I took my shirt and bra off and hid my bra between some towels in the linen closet. I pulled my shirt back over my head and noticed that in the bright lights of the bathroom the shirt was fairly transparent. I could just make out the circles of my dime sized areolas under the thin, blue fabric of my shirt. I had second thoughts of flaunting my assets under a thin veil in front of Lynn's whole family, but figured that the lights in the den were much dimmer and we would likely go for a swim after playing pool, so I wouldn't be wearing the outfit for much longer anyway.
I walked out of the bathroom and saw Brooke bent over the pool table, her boobs were resting on the table, falling on either side of the pool cue as she stroked the stick back and forth between them. Bill was standing opposite her, intently staring at her ample cleavage as it engulfed the cue. Lynn was taking a sip of wine when she looked up at me entering the room, and choked on the sip of wine in her mouth. Brooke's shot was way off and she stood and turned to Lynn, with a stern look on her face.
"Okay, now I'm not saying I would have made that, but that was just plain mean, sweetie," she scolded.
"I'm fine, by the way, Mom. I really didn't do that on purpose, just went down the wrong pipe. Why don't you take another shot"?
"That's only fair, why don't you take another shot," Bill chimed in excitedly, still staring at his wife's full rack.
Brooke turned and gave him a knowing glare before lowering back to the table repeating her titty-fuck of the pool cue. I waltzed up to Lynn's side adding a little hop in my step, knowing that Brooke and Bill were busy with their own show. Lynn reached her hand down into her pocket and my crotch tightened in anticipation. She must have seen my body's reaction and giggled, then hit me with a back to back buzz.
"You okay? I think we might have to cut you off," I teased.
Lynn looked down to my bouncing boobs and retorted, "Yeah, I was just caught off guard. I'm not sure I'm the only one that needs to be cut off here".
"Oh, stop it you! I'm not that drunk," Brooke called out, taking another bad shot and missing wildly.
Lynn and I both exchanged a look and giggled. Brooke sighed and tossed the stick to me. I reached out and caught it awkwardly, which must have made my breasts jiggle as Bill's eyes went wide and he tried to make it look like he wasn't tracking my perky breasts. As I circled the table, I chose a shot that would put Lynn directly across from me. In order to get to the ball, I had to stand on my tip toes and bend further than I had considered. My shirt was pinched between my body and the table, and as I reached further I could feel the neck of my shirt being pulled down, and more and more of my cleavage straining against my shirt. Lynn's eyes were glued to my chest and her hand in her pocket let me know eventually I would be getting a jolt. I decided to not worry about how much of my boobs were spilling out and focus on my shot instead.
I went up on one leg to gain an extra inch of length and was finally in position to make my shot. Just as I was about to shoot, Lynn hit the button. Because I was leaned against the table, there was increased pressure on the vibrator against my clit. I couldn't regain my composure and eventually took my shot, which sent the cue ball careening off the table at Bill's feet. I scurried around the table to retrieve it.
"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry," I blurted, squatting down to get the ball.
Bill was standing in front of me and reached his hand out to help me up as I picked up the ball. Looking up to him, as he made a veiled attempt of not looking into my deep cleavage, I moved my arms in front of me to force my boobs further together. As I took his hand, my gaze made its way to his crotch and I saw what appeared to be a nice sized bulge forming in his pants.
"Quite alright, like you said, happens all the time," I said with a wink.
He quickly turned his head to his wife, who was tilting her head back, finishing another glass of wine. I handed Bill the cue ball stick and he stood awkwardly, trying to conceal the growth in his pants, as he lined up his next shot. Despite my best efforts, Bill was still able to sink the next ball and was now on the eight ball. My competitive streak kicked in and I wanted to do anything in my power to prevent us from losing. As Bill was lining up his final shot, I strolled around the table until I was in direct line with him. As he bent over the table to make sure his shot was just right, I positioned my crotch behind the pocket he was aiming for and brought my fingers to my belt loops, shifting my weight from side to side in a casual swinging motion.
As he drew the cue back to shoot, I spread my hands just past shoulder width and lowered my body so my unsupported breasts dangled away from my body, threatening to fall out of my top right in view of my best friend's Dad. I saw his eyes pop open as his sightline was drawn from the table to my pendulating bosom.
The eight-ball bounced just off the side of the pocket and rolled to a stop in the middle of the table, but the cue ball bounced off a rail and rolled straight into the pocket in the far corner. I frolicked over to Lynn, grabbing her hands, and jumped up and down in celebration.
"Woohoo! We win, scratch on the eight," I giggled.
I could feel my boobs bouncing freely as we hopped, and held Lynn at arm's length so the entire room could see the show. Suddenly Lynn's mouth dropped open and she pulled me in for a big hug. As we embraced, I saw Brooke cross to Bill and take his chin in her hand, taking his gaze from the two bouncing college girls to her, and giving him a quick, playful slap on the cheek. His face blushed and he reached his hand back behind her and brought her in for a tender kiss. All was forgiven. While I watched the lovely scene unfold, Lynn brought her mouth to my ear.
"While I appreciate your little show, I thought you might like to know that you can see your nipples through your shirt now that you took your bra off," she whispered into my ear.
As we ended our celebratory hug, I quickly looked down and saw that in my excitement my nipples had become erect and were poking out against the flimsy material of my shirt. While I had intended to show some cleavage, I had not anticipated how easily my nipples would show through the shirt, and was nervous I had gone too far.
"Well that was fun. Now how about we go for a swim," I asked, hoping to change from my skimpy outfit into my swim suit.
"We can't swim just yet, dinner's almost ready," Brooke said, taking my hand and leading me to the stairs.
I looked back to Lynn, who had a smirk on her face as she moved her hand to her pocket. Brooke led us up to the kitchen and told me to take a seat the bar while she finished up the meal. The kitchen was very open, and as I was led to my high bar stool, I could tell my show was not going to end anytime soon. As I sat on the stool I peeked down and saw that my shirt was nearly transparent under the bright kitchen lights and my firm nipples were poking out proudly against my shirt. I crossed my arms in front of my chest, but that only served to extenuate my cleavage which was spilling out of the top of my shirt.
Lynn was snickering as she saw me struggle to find a way out of my self-made predicament, while intermittently adding to my struggles with the controller in her pocket. Brooke, who at this point was visibly intoxicated, was completely oblivious to the perky set of boobs being paraded in front of her. Sadly, Bill was not as unaware, and was finding clever ways of participating without being obvious about it.
"Here, have a grape," he said, holding out a bowl of them, so I would have to lean in and reach for it.
Lynn, seeing her Dad flirting with her friend, lost interest in torturing me and suddenly wanted to end my show.
"Hey Jade, I forgot to show you my room. You're going to love my-"
"You girls can run off and play after dinner, this is family time," Brooke interrupted without turning from the stove.
Lynn was visibly upset, and shot me a disapproving look. I returned an apologeticthere's nothing I can doshoulder shrug, which coincidently made my boobs bounce again.
Bill crossed the kitchen, putting himself on the other side of the bar from me and behind his wife.
"So, Lynn tells us you are a history major," Bill said leaning back against the counter and crossing his legs in front of him. "I'm a bit of a history buff myself. I'd love to show you my library and talk shop after dinner".
"Yeah, you two nerds can geek out while Lynn and I take a soak in the jacuzzi," Brooke said, reaching her wine glass out to clink with Lynn.
I looked at Lynn, who was still glaring at me. For some reason, knowing that Lynn disapproved gave me a naughty desire to lead on Bill and give him a tease. I leaned in, like I was intrigued by his offer, pressing my breasts against the counter and pulling my shirt down secretly with my hand under the counter.
"Oh, that sounds great, I'd love to take a look at your books," I said, flashing my eyes down to Bill's crotch and trying not to squirm in my seat from the assault Lynn was unleashing on my clit from across the room.
Bill tried to conceal that he was sneaking peaks at my chest, but the noticeable swelling in his pants gave him away. Brooke was too distracted by her cooking and glass of wine to notice anything going on around her. Lynn, while still giving me disapproving looks, was also stealing glances at my perky cleavage which was getting an extra boost from the counter and my arms framing them nicely for my attentive audience.
"Well that'll just have to wait until after dinner," Brooke said over her shoulder.
She picked up the large pot and crossed to the dining room table. She told Lynn and I to start setting the table and informed us that Brian should be home any second and to set out five settings.
"Mom, Jade and I are going to wash up and get ready for dinner. Can't Da—"
"Oh, stop it! You look fine. Who are you trying to impress anyway," Brooke teased, flipping up Lynn's skirt. "You know, it wasn't too long ago that you were running around this house naked, showing off for everyone.
Lynn's face went beet red. She twirled to hide her bejeweled backside from her Mother, realizing too late that by doing so she would cause her skirt to fly up even more, exposing her bottom and shaved nethers to anyone paying close enough attention. Luckily for her, I was the only one lucky enough to catch the brief show, and she breathed a quick sigh of relief before looking at me panic stricken.
"Oh, I see not much has changed," I said before I realized my company.
Lynn shot me a look and jammed her hand into her pocket.
"I mean...how embarrassing," I recovered.
As we set the table, Brooke started what everyone else must have known to be a long-winded story of Lynn's childhood antics when the door swung open.
"Oh, saved by the bell. Brian come on, time for dinner," Bill called out.
"Hold up, I gotta get cha-" Brian trailed off as he rounded the corner and saw us standing around the table, his eyes stuck on me.
His shirt was soaked with sweat, and his face was still red from all the running. Standing there, after a workout, I had to admit, Brian was cuter than I initially thought. Maybe it was just the wine taking hold, but his arms somehow seemed more toned than before. Now that his shirt was drenched in sweat, you could make out the frame of a six pack just beneath a thin layer of belly fat.
"Sit, sit. I think we're all going to hang out by the pool after dinner anyway," Bill said motioning for us to all sit down.
Lynn rushed to the seat at my right side, which left Brian sitting across from me, Bill to my left, at the head of the table, and Brooke opposite him, on the far end of the table. We decided that it would be best to hold our plates out and have Bill spoon the spaghetti for us. He looked down at me and I could see a lump in his throat as he swallowed hard.
"Let me know when to stop," he said.
"I can take a lot, Bill. Just keep it coming," I blurted out, and heard Brian catch his breath.
A sharp buzz was felt between my legs, and I was worried the noise from the vibrator was audible. I crossed my thighs tightly around it to muffle it, but that only served to press it more firmly against my clit, which had already had quite the workout. My hand shook enough for Bill to give pause to filling my plate.
"Umm, that's enough I suppose".
"Here, let me sauce you," Brian said standing, grabbing the ladle, and sneaking Lynn a nervous smile.
"Thank you, Brian. How thoughtful," Brooke said, picking up her glass.
As Brian brought the sauce ladle to my plate, I couldn't help but see if I could make him squirm.
"Yeah, thanks Brian. I love lots of sauce on mine. Messier the better".
His mouth dropped open and he almost dropped the ladle when I shot him a quick wink. Lynn jolted me once more for the outburst and I clawed her thigh under the table. He sat back down, and the others started passing their plates around the table to be served. Every time the plate would end up in my hands and Bill would stand over me, serving spoon in hand, with a clear view down my shirt. Looking up at him, I could tell he was enjoying the view as his forehead was starting to bead with sweat.
After everyone got their plates filled, we started to eat. Brian tried to conceal his blatant staring at my chest, but he needed to take notes from his Father who was doing a much better job at using his peripheral vision to sneak peeks at my peaks. I did them both a favor and leaned over my plate, slowly sucking the noodles into my mouth. Occasionally, some sauce would drop off a noodle onto my chest and I could hear them softly sigh as I reached a finger down into my shirt to retrieve the sauce, before licking my finger clean. Lynn would hit her button whenever she thought I was going too far, but at this point, the juices between my legs were flowing and all her button mashing was doing was driving me to go further.
"Oh my gosh, I forgot the parmesan cheese," I said, reaching out for the container.
I could feel my boobs swaying as I shook the container, and made sure to give the boys a good, long show before offering it around the table. Both boys' mouths were agape as I went around the table. Brooke was blushing, and politely declined. Lynn's lips were tightly pursed, and she grabbed the container from me, putting it down on the other side of the table. Sensing that I was pushing the wrong buttons on Lynn, I decided to let up on my relentless teasing of her brother and Dad.
The rest of the meal passed without incident, and finally, everyone pushed their seats away from the table and got up to clear the table. Brooke shooed everyone away and told us she would take care of the plates and we should go get changed for the pool. Brian wasted no time, and ran off to his room, but not before I caught a glimpse of the tent he was sporting in his gym shorts. Bill said he would help clean up, and as Lynn and I walked to the stairs, we could hear giggling from the kitchen.
"Eww, gross. Look what you started," Lynn groaned, punching me on the arm.
We made our way up to her room and the door wasn't even shut before Lynn threw her skirt down, ripped her shirt and bra over her head, and turned on me with fire in her eyes and her remote in her hand.
"Get over here, you naughty little slut," she demanded, hitting her button.
My body shivered and I was frozen in my tracks, as I assumed Lynn was getting ready to chastise me for parading myself in front of her entire family. She pounced on me and ran her hand down my tummy and into the waist line of my shorts, before pressing the vibrator in my panties hard against my clitoris. I latched onto her neck, moaning loudly as the pulsating of the vibrator sent shockwaves through my body. I reached down and started toying with the plug in Lynn's tight backside, then wrapped a finger on either side and in one swift motion tugged it from its cozy home. Lynn let out a whimper of her own and pushed me onto her bed.
"We don't have long, and I need to taste your sweet juices," she said, crossing and pinning down my thighs and spreading them wide.
As she knelt between my open legs, I instinctively lifted my butt off the bed and she peeled my shorts off, leaving the panties where they were with the cute little butterfly vibrator still fluttering its wings. Using her tongue, Lynn pressed softly on the butterfly one last time, sending one last tremor through me. She then bit down on the string and brought the panties down my thigh. Once she had a clear line of sight, she buried her head between my thighs and went to work with her tongue licking up and down my soft, wet lips. As she suspected, I was extremely wet between my legs and she lapped hungrily at my sweet lady nectar. She knew from our time together how best to finish me off in a hurry and brought me near instantly to the edge or orgasm. Suddenly she stopped everything she was doing, backed up from her position, and gave a light slap to my vagina.
"It's not so nice to tease sometimes is it," she said with a firm tone and started to get up, "payback's a bitch, huh".
I just lay there for a second, regaining my composure after her evil trick. After letting out a disappointed groan, I too started to get up
"Okay, well played. I guess I kind of deserve that," I said, reaching for my shirt and shorts. "To be fair though, you were the one who kept mashing the damned button, and turning me on".
Lynn looked back over her shoulder as she pulled out a bulky one-piece swimsuit from her dresser, "calm down sweetie, I'm not mad you put on a little show for me, but you need to be careful to not show off too much in front of my brother and Dad," she said, stepping into her suit and checking herself out in the mirror.
"I will be on my best behavior, but there is one little thing. I didn't exactly know that your brother was going to be home, and figured your parents would leave us to our own devices, so the only bathing suit I packed is that little striped bikini".
"You're killing me," Lynn whined, "you know I love you in that, but it's so skimpy. My Dad and brother are going to be drooling over you spilling out of that thing".
"Don't you have another one of these Baywatch suits," I teased reaching out and snapping one of the shoulder straps of her suit.
Lynn flinched and slapped my hand away, "No, I just leave this here so I'll have something to wear when I'm home. My mom might have an old suit though, let's go ask her," she said, grabbing my hand and walking us out to the stairs.
As we neared Bill and Brooke's door we could hear Bill's muffled voice through the door and what sounded like some heavy kissing through the door. Lynn got a disgusted look on her face and gave me a stern scowl.
"Oh my God! So gross," she whispered to me before knocking on the door. "Hey Mom, I got a quick question for you".
There was loud, panicked stirring from inside the room. There were muffled, murmurs, then the closing of the master bathroom door. Brooke opened the door a crack and peeked out. Her eyes were slightly watering, her hair was disheveled, and she was wearing only a robe.
"What's the matter honey?" Brooke chirped, over enthusiastically.
Lynn paused for a moment to collect herself, then turned to me for help.
"Umm, Brooke. This is a little embarrassing, but in my haste to pack I only brought a skimpy little bikini with me. I don't want to be parading my body in front of your son and husband in a tiny swimsuit like that".
As I finished my first sentence I could hear a muffled grunt from the bathroom and had to stifle a laugh back. Brooke's eyes scanned my body, and I could see her eyes pause at my nipples, which must have been straining against the fabric of my shirt again. She slowly let the door open and waved for us to come in.
"Come on in girls, Bill is just finishing getting changed in the bathroom now," Brooke said, loud enough for Bill to hear through the door.
As we entered, we heard a commotion in the bathroom, then shortly after Bill emerged wearing baggy trunks and holding a towel in front of his crotch. He was blushing as he crossed to exit the room.
"Uh, I'll go get the cover off the pool and hot tub. See you girls out there," he announced as he shuffled by, trying not to expose his obvious boner to the room.
Once the door was closed, Brooke turned to me and said, "Okay, let's see this teeny bikini".
"Oh, I didn't wear it in here. I was going to see if you had something first," I said, looking at Lynn who was shrugging.
"Don't be silly. I'm sure it's fine, plus any suit of mine will be about four sizes too big for you. Especially in certain places," she said pushing her boobs together and nodding at my chest.
"MOM"!
"Calm down sweetie," Brooke said, shaking a hand at Lynn. "It's just us girls now. I think we all know we have breasts at this point and I'm sure Jade can see my girls are a little on the bigger side compared to you two," she teased and swung her large rack at us. She crossed to her closet and picked out two large swimsuits, then crossed to the door, "Okay, fashion show time".
We made our way back to my room and Brooke walked out in front of us while Lynn and I exchanged quizzical looks behind her. We entered my room and Brooke crossed to the bed, sitting on it. I timidly walked over to my bag and dug until I found my bikini. When I stood with it in my hand, Brooke shifted her weight on the bed and patted for Lynn to sit next to her.
"Come sit with me honey, we can be the judges for the fashion show".
Lynn shrugged her shoulders at me, shooting a sympathetic look my way as she crossed and sat next to Brooke.
"I'm really sorry, I'm a little shy. I think I'd rather just change in the bathroom if that's okay," I said trying to get out of revealing the fact that I had been parading around in front of Brooke's husband and Son in nothing more than a thin shirt and short shorts.
"There's no need to be shy Jade. Like I said, it's just us girls. If you go to the bathroom you might run into Bill or Brian on the way, and if this bikini is as skimpy as you say we might not want that," she said using my own logic against me.
I looked to Lynn for help, and once again received only a shrug and sympathetic-evil grin. Seeing there was no way out of it, I slowly unbuttoned my shorts and let them fall to the ground. Brooke's eyes were locked on my crotch and I could swear she even leaned in slightly to get a better view.
"Oh," she finally spat out. "I heard it was the new thing to not wear underwear sometimes".
Lynn gave Brooke a quick hit on the arm, "Mom. Stop embarrassing Jade".
Brooke blushed and regained her composure, "No, not at all. I mean, if you have a body like that—" she cut herself off.
I tugged my shirt down to conceal my nether region as best I could, but as I did I could feel more of my breasts peek out from the top of my shirt and decided to just rip the band-aid off completely. I took the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head, swinging my hair free as I tossed the shirt to the ground next to me. I was now standing completely naked in front of Brooke and Lynn. Lynn was biting her lip and Brooke's eyes were as wide as her mouth. I quickly turned to grab my bikini from the ground and cover up, but couldn't find it on the ground.
"Oh my," Brooke chimed in. "I could never walk around without a bra on, my boobies would knock someone out. I thought yours were bouncing around a bit while we were playing pool, but just figured that was the perkiness of youth," she continued. "And I see you're not too bashful when it comes to a razor either," she said, nodding her head at my crotch.
I put a hand between my legs to hide my nakedness, as Brooke stood and walked over towards me.
"Trust me sweetie, you have nothing to be shy about," She said as she got to me.
I thought she was going to reach out and grab me, but instead she walked to the mirror behind me and dropped her robe, revealing her naked body. She was carrying some extra weight in her midsection, and her body had started to succumb to gravity, but overall Brooke looked very attractive for her age. She reached down and grabbed her belly, shaking and making her whole front jiggle.
"You girls don't know how much of a toll time and having kids takes on your body. I used to be a smoking little piece of ass like you two," she lamented, looking into the mirror.
"As gross as this conversation is, for what it's worth Mom, I think you look pretty damn good for your age," Lynn announced from the bed.
"And judging by the way Bill still looks at you, I'd say you have nothing to worry about," I said.
Brooke turned sideways, and stood tall, sucking in her stomach. She scanned her body up and down, then looked at my reflection in the mirror and moved her hand to her privates which was an overgrown bush of pubic hair.
"You girls are so sweet. When you've been married as long as Bill and I have, at some point you just get comfortable with each other and stop worrying about all the superficial stuff. I can't tell you the last time I shaved between my legs, let alone trimmed the hedges back. Of course, a lot has changed since our time".
Lynn jammed her fingers in her ears, "Okay, that's enough show and tell Mom. Let's get dressed and go down to the pool," Lynn interrupted.
Brooke threw her arms up and crossed back to the bed, picking up her bathing suit and stepping into it. I bent down and picked up my shirt, which was covering my bikini. It was a cute matching top and bottom that was baby blue with pink flamingos printed on them. I pulled on the tiny bottoms and started re-tying strings on either side to make sure they were nice and secure.
I looked in the mirror and saw that my cheeks were mostly covered in the back and thought it might not be so bad after all. I then pulled the top over my head and positioned the cups to make sure my breasts were fully covered. The top was a little snugger then I remembered it being and I asked Lynn if she could re-tie the top in the back for me. I continued fidgeting with it, while looking in the mirror as she crossed and started to adjust the knots.
"See Brooke, this top is just a little too small. I'm either spilling out the sides, or about to fall out the bottom of the cups," I said shaking my chest, "and I really would rather not play a game of peek-a-boob with your Son and Husband as the contestants".
Brooke laughed and Lynn pulled the strings of the top tightly, then let them go, snapping them on my back.
"Well, it's not like there's a diving board or anything, and we'll more than likely just be sitting in the hot tub anyway, so as long as they are contained and you don't do any jumping jacks or cannonballs, I think you're overreacting," Brooke said from behind.
"I'm going to double knot, just to be sure. We are talking about my brother and Dad too here," Lynn said, giving another tug to the strings, then a pat on the butt. "All set. Why don't you do a quick test".
I turned to face Brooke and Lynn and bounced on my heels several times.
"How's this?" I asked.
"Better safe than sorry," Brooke said as she stepped forward and grabbed me by the shoulders, giving me a hearty shake.
I could feel myself start to blush as Lynn's Mom was shaking my boobs and inspecting to see if I had spilled out, but oddly, I also felt a little aroused at the thought of being her little pawn to get a new spark for her and her husband' sex life.
"I think you're fine sweetie," Brooke said blushing and guiding my shoulder towards the door. "Come on girls, if we get down there before the boys we can get in the hot tub and none of this will matter".
As we hurried down the hall I could hear a faint noise coming from Brian's room that I had heard plenty of times in the dorms before boys would open their doors with beads of sweat on their foreheads and flush faces. When we got to the pool, Bill was just pulling the cover off the tub. Brooke gave me a quick shove from behind out the door.
"Why don't you girls go ahead and jump in the tub while I get us another round," Brooke announced so Bill would turn to catch the show.
It was fairly obvious that Brooke wanted to give Bill a show to get him ready and then capitalize on the pent-up tension later. I decided if this was to be my role, I might as well go all in.
"Oh, great, I hope it's nice and warm. Hey Lynn, do you have a hair tie," I said raising my arms up and pulling my hair back in a ponytail pushing my tits out as I arched my shoulder blades back further presenting my heaving chest towards Bill.
Bill was standing just behind the hot tub, frozen in his tracks, staring directly at my swaying tits as they bounced towards him. Lynn, the only person that was not on board with our unspoken plan, quickly moved in front of me, blocking Bill's view.
"I don't have a hair tie, but I can put it up in a bun for you. Here, turn around," she instructed, grabbing my shoulders and spinning me to face the house again.
What Lynn hadn't counted on was her brother coming out the door at that exact moment and seeing his sister's friends' boobs swaying and popping out of her top right in front of him. Since I was already to be used as Bill's eye candy I figured why not just let Brian get his kicks as well and decided not to let on that I had felt my nipple spring free from the flimsy bikini top. I kept my arms above my head so my breasts were on full display and unobstructed to Brian. He took a double take and locked onto his target. Lynn fidgeted with my hair and I feigned that she had pulled it too hard and struggled against her causing my tits to bounce even more for Brian.
His gaze hadn't moved and he must not have known that I could see him through the large French doors as his hand drifted towards his cock in his shorts. Lynn finally got done playing with my hair and Bill shouted that the hot tub was officially open for business.
"Thank God! Finally," Lynn whispered over my shoulder and turned to get in the tub, but not before giving my ass cheek a quick pinch, "now you play nice".
As I lowered my arms back to my sides I decided to prolong my torture of poor Brian for one more beat and reached down to check the strings on my bikini before getting in the tub. I slowly slid my fingers inside the waistband of my tiny bottoms in the middle of my tummy and dragged them along the top of my belly in either direction, tugging ever-so-slightly to make sure they were tied tight. Brian was licking his lips, clearly enjoying the show I was providing him.
Lynn must have finally noticed what was going on as I heard, "Jade, will you stop fidgeting and get over here," come from behind.
Bill had made his way over to a chair overlooking both the pool and hot tub and was sitting cross legged with a hand in his lap and a cocktail in the other. I made my way over to the hot tub, which was about ten feet from the edge of the pool in a dimly lit corner of the back patio. While my back was to the boys I acted like I was correcting my top, but actually pulled both of my breasts completely out of the cups and let them sway freely as I bounced toward Lynn who was biting her lip and following my dangling pendulums. I threw on leg over the edge of the tub and fondled Lynn's crotch with my foot before sliding it to a seat next to her.
As I hopped up, shifting my weight to the foot un the tub to swing my other leg over Lynn decided to take the opportunity to position her hand underneath me in the seat and as I dipped down into the jacuzzi she cupped my cheek in her hand and massaged it under the water. I reached over and dropped a hand in her lap and inched towards her crotch. The jets were on full blast, so we were free to explore each other and Bill was none the wiser.
Brian finally emerged with a towel conveniently covering his crotch. He gave a quick look towards the hot tub and hurriedly crossed to the pool. As he dove in, Brooke made her way out the door holding another bottle of wine and three glasses. She stumbled over to Bill and Bent over to give him a kiss. She hovered above him a bit longer than needed and you could see they were whispering something to each other. Brooke gave him one last peck on the cheek and sauntered over to us in the jacuzzi. I was just pulling my hand away from Lynn's crotch as she got to the side of the tub.
"Scooch over girls, mama's coming in hot," she belted out, handing off the glasses and bottle before half falling into the hot tub.
Lynn was nudging me with her elbow, and I assumed she was poking fun at Brooke's obvious state of drunkenness. It was too late before I realized what she was really trying to draw my attention to. Between playing with Lynn and having a decent buzz going, I had completely forgot that both of my hooters were out of their nests and I would have to make an obvious move to correct it at this point. I tried and dip below the water and slyly put them back in their coop, but it was too late. Brooke had poured us each a glass of wine while I was in my state of bewilderment and was now holding it out about a foot above the water for me to grab.
I reached up to grab it Brooke and she must have seen what was happening because her cheeks once again grew flush and her eyes went wide. I expected her to blabber out something and draw attention to my predicament, but she instead handed me my glass and held up hers for a toast.
"To an unforgettable weekend," she said as she forced our glasses against each other and then took a swig of her wine. "Woo, this hot tub feels great. Bill why don't you come over here and soak with us?" she plead to her husband who seemed to be trying too hard to not appear to be looking our way.
Panic must have flashed across my face as Lynn let out a snicker and then pinched my leg under the water.
"Oh, you girls don't want an old fogey like me crashing your hot tub party. I have some work I wanted to get done anyway, I'll probably head up to my study soon".
Sweet relief. My shoulders melted into the tub and I could feel my anxiety start to drift away with the bubbles as the cascaded over my whole body. I felt my eyes close as my head rolled back onto the foam-covered neck supports of the seat.
"Well at least come over and do one last cheers with us before you head up to bed ya old geezer," Brooke called out. "once you dip a finger in this water I might be able to convince you otherwise".
I could hear Bill walking toward the door and figured he was just ignoring his drunk wife and heading to his office. I decided I was safe and kept my eyes shut, letting my body completely relax into the soothing jets of the tub. Just as I was about to drift of into a daydream I heard the jets kick off. Since no one in the tub had moved and Bill was headed up to his office I figured there must have been a timer on the jets.
"There we go," I heard from just behind my head as the lights inside the tub came on.
My eyes sprang open and my head shot up. Bill had snuck down from the deck with ninja-like stealth and was now towering over my shoulder. I knew from his vantage point he could easily see his young daughter's friend's tits out in full display, shimmering in the softly lit jacuzzi.
"I'm sorry sweetie, I didn't mean to startle you," he said as he dropped a hand on my shoulder.
I have to admit, his strong hand sitting on my shoulder sent a quake through my body. It might have been the wine starting to take its hold on me but looking up at his warm eyes, genuinely concerned over having startled me, was turning me on. What had started as flirting for Brooke's later enjoyment was quickly shifting to the type of teasing I had done to so many of the boys at college to see what kind of trouble I could get myself into. I reached up and gently caressed Bill's hand on my shoulder.
"Oh no, that's okay Bill. I guess I was letting the wine and the tub get the best of me," I said slowly sitting up higher in the tub, holding our hands at the same height so his hand ever-so-slightly slipped down my shoulder toward my chest.
Bill was still looking down at me, though his gaze had drifted from my eyes and I could sense him tense up as he snapped out of his trance, grabbing his hand back from me. I looked over at Lynn, who had fire in her eyes. I could tell she knew exactly what I was up to and was not pleased to say the least. Brooke on the other hand was biting her lip and, though she liked what she was seeing and could tell Bill was loving the show, could not have known that my intentions had now been slightly altered.
"Oh, uhh, okay then. Well, as I said...I'm going to head up to my study to do some reading," he stammered and made a turn toward the door.
"Hold on a second, Bill. You still owe me a tour of your study, remember?"
He was still trying to make his way toward the house as I called after him.
"Oh, that's alright, we can do that tomorrow".
"Nonsense, I have to go to the little girl's room anyway," I said. "Why don't you toss me a towel and we can walk up together".
"Jade, it's just a bunch of books, hang on a sec and then we'll head in to the bathroom together," Lynn started.
"Oh! Stop it you, let the bookworms have their fun, you get to hang out with your little buddy all the time, it's been so long since we've gotten to hang out sweetie," Brooke bolted out, grabbing her glass of wine and stumbling over to Lynn's side of the tub, wrapping an arm around her shoulder.
I gave a last shoulder shrug to Lynn and mouthed an apology before turning my back, standing, and faking to pick my bikini bottoms out of my butt crack, which Lynn knew just meant I was pulling the tiny fabric from the front and accentuating my camel toe. Bill turned toward the little table by the door and picked up the smallest towel there was. As he turned back toward the hot tub he almost dropped the towel as I was standing on the ground in front of him, wringing out my hair.
From my position I could tell he had a clear view of not only my firm boobs which were on full display, but also my nice pussy lips straining out against the tiny fabric of my swimsuit. I continued to pretend I was trying to get every ounce of water from my hair before reaching out for the towel. Bill stood there awkwardly, holding out the tiny towel, trying not to let on that he was taking in my near naked body. Just as I reached out for the towel I pulled back my hand and tilted my head to the side.
"Oh no, I got some water in my ear," I whimpered.
With my head tilted, I tapped the top of my temple several times and could feel my breasts jiggle up and down. I could also see Bill's shorts with an obvious bulge in the front, so I knew he was also enjoying the show, but even more I could swear I heard a light groan escape his lips. I thought enough was enough and finally reached out to take the towel and held my arks up high, drying off my hair fist as we headed for the door.
Once we were inside and I heard the door close behind Bill I stood up straight and turned to face Bill. Covering my whole head with the towel I shook my hands vigorously making sure to exaggerate my every motion so Bill could see this spry set of tits swaying in front of him. As I let my hands fall to my sides I started patting my arms dry. Finally, I looked down and made an attempt to discover my nakedness for the first time.
"Oh my gosh Bill," I squealed, dropping the towel to the ground and doing a piss poor attempt to cup my breasts in my hands. "It looks like my bathing suit may have slipped a little".
Bill's face went beet red and he turned his head slightly, though I caught him still catching my show in a mirror on the far side of the room.
"Oh no. Really? I swear, I didn't see a thing. How embarrassing that must be," he stammered.
"Embarrassing," I stamped, "try mortifying! Just look at how my boobies are just flopping around out here in front of everyone".
Bill turned his head to look.
"I didn't mean actually look," I yelped and took a step forward swatting him in the arm, giving him another good look at my swinging tits.
"Oh God, I'm sorry...it's just-"
"It's just you wanted to check out your daughter's friend's boobies?"
"No- I mean- you're a beautiful girl, I just..."
"Oh my God, Lynn is going to kill me-what about Brooke-Oh my God".
"No no no no, don't worry," Bill said turning and walking toward me.
I started to reposition the cups of my bikini and pulled them far out in front so Bill could still see everything he wanted of me while he consoled the poor naked girl in front of him. It was safe to say Bill was now putty in my hands for me to play with as I saw fit. He grabbed me by the shoulders and I could tell he was genuinely trying to maintain eye contact with me, but the brain in his shorts was pleading him to look further south.
"No one has to know about this little incident. It can be our little secret, okay?" he plead.
"I'd really like that Bill," I timidly said, head hung low. "Can we still go see your office," I asked trying to not let on that his cock had brushed against me as he was calming me and it was driving me wild inside.
"Umm, sure. Of course," he stammered and turned toward the hallway.
I followed him down the corridor and as he walked I quickly reached down and undid one of the double knots that Lynn had tied in my bikini bottoms so one sharp tug would send them to the ground. He reached the study door and stepped inside. The room was about triple the size of our dorm room and one whole wall was a giant book case filled floor to ceiling with books. There was even a ladder you could climb on to get to the higher up books. There was a large desk with an oversized high back chair behind it in one corner and a chaise lounge in the other corner with a large floor lamp next to it for reading. Sitting directly behind that was a small dry bar and Bill crossed directly to it to refill his glass.
"I could use one of these too if you don't mind," I said as he started to close the top of the bottle.
"Ahh, what the hell. Why not, right," he called back, pouring a small amount into the glass.
"I said I wanted a drink," I insisted, crossing the room.
He poured the same amount in mine as in his and handed the glass to me as I approached.
"To secrets," he said holding up the glass.
I clinked and took a sip of the whiskey, while my other hand reached for Bill's crotch.
"To secrets," I echoed.
Bill almost spit out his whiskey, then took a step back, tripped, and fell back onto the chaise lounge. I stepped in front of him as he regained his composure.
"What the-"
"Oh Bill, don't worry. It's just us in here now. Like you said, this can be our little secret," I said rubbing my hands on my belly and slowly ascending up to my breasts, massaging my nipples through the tiny bikini. "I've seen the little glances you've been giving me since I got here. I know you've been hoping to get to touch my tight little teenage body since I walked in".
"Jade, I-"
"Don't worry Bill," I said inching towards him, "I won't tell Lynn, and your wife is too drunk to even notice we're gone".
Looking down into his lap I could see the fabric getting tighter. I straddled his legs and pressed my boobs against his face. Reaching back between my legs I grabbed his rock-hard cock through his shorts and started gently stroking it.
"You can't tell me you don't want this Bill," I breathed into his ear.
He still had his arms down at his side and I could tell he still needed a little convincing to go all the way. I stood up and backed away a step. With one gentle tug I pulled the string of my bottoms and they fell to the ground. Then I put both my hands on my hips and slowly trailed them up the full length of my body, stopping to pull my lips apart and show him my sweet shaved pussy lips, then up my flat tummy and eventually cupping my breasts, rolling my nipples between my thumbs and index fingers and pulling my top over my head. Once my top was off I threw it at Bill, hitting him square in the chest.
I was now standing stark nude in front of my best friend's father and he had a dumb grin on his face and a tent in his shorts. Safe to say it was too late to turn back now, so I did what any self-respecting tease would do and reached back down between my legs with one hand and started to rub my lips while rubbing and teasing my nipples with my other hand. Bill looked like he was in shock and I could tell he was still not one hundred percent sure what he was seeing was real. I had had enough teasing and asserted that if this was going to happen I would need to put this in overdrive.
I walked over to Bill and picked his drink up off the side table, pressing it to his lips and tipping it with my finger under the glass. Once he had finished it I dipped a hand down and once again fondled him through his shorts. At first he squirmed, but then eased back in the seat and I could feel his inhibitions float away. I slowly brought both hands to his knees and lowered myself down to the floor between Bill. He reached his hand down on mine and gently squeezed in acknowledgment of what was going to happen next.
Once on my knees in front of him, I started stroking up and down his thighs with my hands. I could feel his taught hamstrings through his shorts and couldn't wait to get those shorts off to see what he was hiding under them. I slowly reached my hands up to his waistband and could feel him start to shift to allow more easier access to unbutton them. As I unzipped his shorts I looked up and saw Bill with his head thrown back and could tell he was already on cloud nine and I had not even released his cock from its hiding place yet. He lifted his butt and I tore the shorts down to mid-thigh, leaving his boxer briefs pulled up for the moment. I then brought my face down into his crotch and made a trail of kisses down the outline of his cock through the underwear.
I glanced up and saw that I now had bill's full attention. We locked eyes and I could see the desire in his stare. I slid his shorts down past his calves and off then drug my nails back up his legs and under the lower hem of his boxers. With another firm tug I pulled them down from under his butt and he again lifted to allow them to slide down. As the shorts moved down his thighs I was revealing my long-awaited prize. First the wild, unkempt bush of pubic hair, followed by the thick shaft. I wasn't expecting much from Bill as Lynn had always described him as a dweeby nerd type, but my first impression of seeing me led me to believe Lynn's description of her father may be clouded by bias and my suspicions were profoundly confirmed as I started to unveil a thick, veiny cock the likes of which I had only encountered few times before. It had a long, pronounced vein running the full length of the shaft with several small off shoots. As I continued sliding the boxers down his thigh I could feel Bill's lust grow in stride with his now rock-hard erection.
I could see the outline of its head just on the cusp of the waistband and sat up on my heels bringing my face to within an inch of the it. All told it must have been at least seven and a half inches long and close to the same around. I opened my mouth wide and stuck my tongue out as I gave the bottom hem of the boxers a last tug, spring boarding Bill's dick out of its cotton prison and let it slap my chin and tongue eventually resting against my cheek.
Bill let out a loud sigh as his cock was finally free and resting gently against his new admirer's face. I giggled and looked seductively up into Bill's eyes and let out a light whimper, grabbing the base of his dick and thwapping the heavy head against my tongue several times. I reached my other hand down and cradled his testicles that were also enshrined in an unkempt forest of pubic hair. As I rolled his balls in my hand, I let a long string of spit fall from my mouth down onto Bill's mushroom shaped head. As the saliva ran down the side of his shaft I brought my tongue down, slurping it back up and licking the whole length from base to tip, ending with a light kiss right on his trouser snake's eye where I once again let the spit run from my lips cascading down my new toy.
My hand couldn't even close around Bill's thick dick, but I made as tight a circle as I could and stroked up and down a few times, until Bill's eyes closed again and I could tell if I kept up at that pace our fun would soon be over. I released my stranglehold on his cock and dropped my attention to the low hanging fruit below. Bill opened his legs slightly and I held his cock against his stomach with one hand as my tongue darted out and made its way through the brush searching for a prize. I formed a vacuum seal on his left nut first, sucking it into my mouth and swirling my tongue around it before reaching out using only my tongue and brought the right testicle into my mouth repeating the treatment so as to not play favorites. Brooke must not have ever done this for Bill as he let out a deep grunt and I could feel his cock jump in my hand.
"Oh my God, if you keep that up, I'm not going to last another minute," Bill said reaching down and stroking my head and reaching back to my neck.
"It's okay, Bill. I don't mind being your little cumslut. I want you to use my mouth like a fuck toy until you unload deep in my throat," I panted grabbing his cock and stroking fervently.
Bill's eyes went wide and he looked down at me and blushed, "Oh my Jade. I can't believe what I'm hearing".
I greedily sucked the tip of his cock making a pop sound as it fell from my mouth which was quickly drowned out by the sloppy slushing of my spit-soaked hands wrapped firmly around his cock, pumping it in unison.
"Oh, don't play meek with me Bill. I know you've been thinking about tearing my clothes off and ravaging me since you saw me walk through the door," I said as Bill's face was tensing and his clenched the cushion of the chaise lounge. "Like you said baby, this is our little secret," I said between deep throats. "Go on," I said taking Bills' hands and forcing them to the back of my head, "throat fuck your little slut until you fill stomach with your seed".
He tried to take his hands away at first, but I started moaning on his cock, and he finally started bucking his hips to meet my rhythm. Finally, I felt his hands clasp on the back of my head and he started to pull my head down to meet his hips as well. I gave up, giving Bill complete use of me; opening my mouth and relaxing my throat for him to pump into. My hands cupped his balls and clawed his thigh as he buried his thick cock in my face until my nose mushed against his pubic bone. Just as my eyes were tearing up and I was going to need to take a break I felt the familiar tensing in Bill's undercarriage.
He let out a guttural groan and his leg started to spasm as I impaled myself on his rod. I could feel the first spurt explode from him and hit the back of my throat and I tried to swallow it down as it came, but then the next shot filled my mouth and I couldn't swallow quick enough. As I opened my mouth allowing the next spurt to fill what room I had made I reached up and stroked his cock, milking it for every last drop of his sweet load. I could feel a rope spill out of my mouth and land on my chest. I pushed my tits together creating a nice stage for any overflow of my salty prize. Bill's leg was still shaking and I could see that he had fallen back against the chair, letting the waves of ecstasy wash over him.
I swallowed the mouthful I still had then leaned down and gave one last long stroke of Bill's cock to make sure there wasn't any more semen left to drain from my donor, before using his still rigid member to clean up any fallout on my tits before once again licking the tip clean. Bill lay there motionless, panting in short breaths with his head leaned back over the edge of the chair for a moment as I continued to rub my breasts dry and lick my fingers clean.
"Thanks for the tour of your study Dr. S," I said getting up and grabbing my bikini from the floor.
Bill finally sat up, "Wait, what do you-"
"Shh," I interrupted holding my finger to my lips, "let's not ruin this moment with a bunch of talk. And remember hot stuff," I said with a wink as I got to the door, bikini in hand, "this is our little secret".
As I shut the door behind me I could hear Bill moving inside, then the glass clink as he poured a celebratory drink before falling back onto the chaise lounge. I made my way to the bathroom to put my bikini back on, but once inside I turned and looked at myself in the mirror. My hair was a mess and my eyes were red from tearing up as Bill pounded my throat. I started to fix my hair and dry my eyes when I heard a faint, but familiar noise coming from the hallway. I quickly slid my tiny bikini back on and quietly exited the bathroom to check my hypothesis.
I looked down the hall and saw Brian's door was slightly ajar and as I crept closer and closer the noise became slightly louder with each step. There was a slight crack and if I positioned my head just right I could see inside Brian's room and could finally deduce the source of the mysterious noise. As I thought, once I pushed the door open a tiny crack more I saw Brian standing over his bed with his cock in his hand going away at tugging it in earnest.
From the angle he was standing at it was hard to make out his cock, but he had his shirt off and his muscular back was tense and I could see the top half of his ass as it peeked out above the top of his shorts as it flexed each time he thrust into his hand which was pumping in stride. Watching him and knowing he had no idea I was there was starting to get me aroused again and I half surprised myself as my hand instinctively found its way under my bikini bottoms and started rubbing over my already wet lips. I heard Brian grunt and thought he must be close to being done, but I couldn't help myself. My lips were begging to be spread and toyed with, and I apparently had no choice in the matter.
I reached up with my other hand and started pinching and teasing my nipples and it wasn't long before I couldn't stand it any longer and pulled my breasts out of my top and gave a firm tug on each nipple and continued rolling from one to the other while my pussy lips and clit were receiving the attention they so desperately ached for as well. I heard another grunt from inside the room and looked as Brian now had his hand on the small of his back and was leaned back slightly giving me a clear view of his manhood. It didn't look quite as thick as Bill's but looked to be just as long-give or take-. I heard him grunting something as he stroked his cock and I swear I heard him mutter my name. I leaned in closer to see if I could get a better listen, but as my ear came right up to the door I heard a new noise, and not from inside the room; it was footsteps coming up the stairs.
I froze. Looking down the hall I saw there was nowhere to hide and knowing I couldn't stand there with my tits out and bikini at mid-thigh I figured I only had one option. Without another thought I lunged forward into Brian's room and closed the door behind me as quietly as I could. Brian attempted to cover himself as he twirled to shout at me, but I crashed into him covering his mouth with one hand and holding my index finger to my lips with the other as we collided and fell back onto his bed.
Laying on top of him I could feel his hard cock smushed between us against my stomach and was sure he was loving my boobs pressed firm against his upper chest, pushing up into his chin. We lay there for what felt like a minute, eyes locked, trying not to breath, our near naked bodies pressed firm against each other after having met only a few hours earlier. I could feel Brian's cock still pulsating with his heartbeat and knew it must be killing him to have the girl he was just jerking off to barge into his room and lay naked on top of him and not be able to do anything about it.
Finally, the steps made their way down the hallway and into the bathroom. My assumption was either Lynn finally had to pee or Brooke was either peeing or getting sick from all the wine she was throwing back. Brian and I were still lying there and as I made a move to get up, I felt his cock pulse one more time and something just snapped inside of me. I'm not sure if it was the thought of taking Lynn's father and then brother into my mouth mere minutes apart, but something would not let me leave this room without tasting Brian's sweet juice.
I got up like I was going to just leave and turned back as I reached the door. Brian's eyes were locked on my tight ass and he had a sad, pathetic face and I could tell the poor boy was dying inside. I waited for him to look up, winked, locked the door, and as I strut back to him lying on the bed, I pulled the strings of both my tops and bottoms and let my bikini fall to the ground around me. Brian started to press his body up on his elbows to get up and I threw him back, once again holding my finger to his lips. I knelt down and grabbed his cock with both hands and stroked long and slow up and down the full length of his rigid member.
I was correct in my previous assessment; Bill was slightly thicker than Brian, but they were roughly the same length. I looked up at Brian who was just staring with the same bewildered look on his face as I opened my lips and lowered them to the tip of his cock. I could feel his heartbeat through his cock in my hands and knew Brian would not last as long as his father had, so I decided to just give the poor boy what he obviously and desperately needed.
With one smooth motion, I brought my mouth crashing down on his cock until it was buried to my throat. I let out a gurgle as it choked me a bit and Brian grabbed the back of my head, pulling my hair to get a better look at the magnificent present he was being given. I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and as I drew my mouth up, my hands followed so it felt like I was constantly deepthroating all of him. I could feel Brian's hips start to twitch and knew he was already close and let out little moans and groans, letting him know I thought it was hot that he was about to fill me up. I bobbed up and down on his cock for another four strokes before his breathing came in short bursts and I could feel his testicles starts to tense up. I grabbed his dick with one hand and stroked unmercifully while my tongue rested on the tip of his cock.
"Oh that's it baby, give me that big, messy load," I ordered, staring right at his cock. "I want you to fill up this slutty little mouth until it spills out onto my tits".
"Holy fuck," was all Brian could get out before his eyes started to squint and his legs went stiff.
The first shot of his cum went straight up into the air and landed right on my upper lip. I quickly closed my mouth around his head and pumped his shaft like I was siphoning gas. His next three threads flew right down my throat and I did my best to take it all in my mouth. So far not a drop had escaped my mouth and I was determined to leave no trace of semen behind, taking it all down my throat to make a cum cocktail with bill's in my stomach. Just as Brian's hips were in the throws of another orgasm induced spasm there was a knock at the door and the handle started to rattle.
"Brian, what the hell. You, and everyone else for that matter disappeared and left me all alone with Mom's drunk ass," Lynn complained through the door. "Are you coming back down to pool at all or are you going to be lame like dad"?
Brian's eyes went wide and he was mouthing for me to stop. I just looked up and made a pouty face and continued circling my tongue on his sensitive cock head as he tried to gather his thoughts.
"Uh, umm...yeah I'll be down in just a sec. I was just on a ph-phone call, but I'm all done n-now," Brian stuttered as his after quakes of orgasm took control of his body momentarily.
It must not have helped that I was continuing to suck his cock dry and fondle his balls as he tried to talk to his sister, because he pinched me sharply on the shoulder, and pounded his other fist on the bed when I took his cock out of my mouth and slapped it lightly on my tongue.
"Hey, have you seen Jade? She went up to hang out with Dad in his study, but he got all weird and said she was only there for a second and then left. She didn't come back to the hot tub to rescue me from mom, so I have no clue where she ran off to".
Brian almost burst out laughing and looked down at me with a devilish grin, "last I saw she was stroking stick and hitting balls down in the pool room".
"Oh my God Bri- you're such a dork! You wish she would stroke your stick," Lynn ironically joked through the door as I was doing just that.
With that Lynn started to walk back down the steps and to get back at Brian I gave his head a light nibble before letting his cock fall from my mouth, "Just for that, you can stroke your own stick from now on," I said getting up and picking up my bikini.
Brian let out another groan as I tied up my tiny swimsuit and headed for the door, and I looked back to see him fondling his cock as he pulled his shorts back up and started to follow me.
"What are you crazy? Have you never snuck out of a girl's room? You have to stagger your exits so no one gets suspicious. I'll head back down, you follow in five," I instructed.
"Are we not even going to discuss the fact that my little sister's best friend just sucked me off," Brian asked.
"I have no idea what you're talking about. I was out front arguing with a stupid boy on the phone this whole time. Remember next time you come to visit us at school though, you owe me one," I whispered with a wink as I snuck out the door and down the steps. When I got down the steps I could hear Lynn calling for me, so I tip toed to the front door, opened it as quietly as I could, and shut it loudly.
As I walked back towards the porch Lynn rounded the corner, "Oh there you are! Where the hell have you been," she squealed as she hugged me a little too hard.
I was so caught up in my task while she was outside Brain's room I must not have heard the telltale Lynn drunk voice. While I was polishing the boys' poles I guess Lynn and Brooke were busy polishing off bottles of wine. She took my hand and dragged me back towards the pool room. Once in the pool room she turned on me and I saw a familiar fire in her eyes.
"Sitting in that hot tub, drinking all that wine with my mother and all I could think of was you in those damn vibrating panties and how as soon I had the chance I was going to finish what those things started," she said pushing me back against the billiard table and tearing my bikini bottoms down to my ankles.
"What has gotten into you," I said pulling her by the shoulders back up to her feet. "Your whole family could walk in at any moment".
"I don't care anymore. I'm drunk, my mom is passed out in a chair next to the tub, when I checked on my dad he was snoring on his chaise lounge in his office, and I'm pretty sure my brother was just rubbing one out in his room, so he won't be down anytime soon. Now let me at that sweet little honey pot," she slurred holding my hands to my side and sliding back down to her knees.
I could tell there was no stopping her and concluded that I had taken care of the rest of this family maybe I was due a turn. Lynn must have been more than a little drunk because she was on a mission and would not be deterred. She kissed my pussy deeply like she was making out with it. My juices were already flowing so there was enough natural lubricant, but Lynn was sloppily drooling all over my vagina. So much so that I could feel a pool of saliva running down my thigh and slide between sensitive butt crack. It tickled my little hole and Lynn must have thought that she had hit a sensitive spot because she giggled into my pussy which just served to drive me closer to the edge. Her tongue ran up and down my slit and then locked onto my clit and she made soft circles over the hood before coaxing my delicate love button out of hiding. She made no efforts to hold back her moans as she toyed her own nether region while tending to me.
It wasn't long until my body was on the verge of what felt like an Earth-shaking orgasm. As drunk as she was, Lynn had not lost a step and was like an orchestra conductor with her tongue and finger, playing a symphony on my pussy until a beautiful crescendo was undeniable. My legs wrapped around Lynn's head and my feet pulled her closer to me and would not release her until I was finished with her. A heat started radiating inside me and I could feel my toes start to curl and legs start to shake. Lynn reached up and grasped my thigh and I could tell she was working on her own love explosion. We both started to moan loudly and I couldn't tell if the wetness I was feeling between my legs was Lynn's spit, my sweat, or the sweet nectar Lynn was forcing my body to spew forth like it never had.
Once my legs had finally stopped shaking and Lynn could escape the clutches of my thighs around her head, I slumped down on the ground next to her. We lay there in each other's arms and almost drifted off into a sex induced coma, but just as we were about to here was a noise outside on the patio. We both got up and ran to the door to see what the noise was and Brooke was laying on the ground next to her chair. When she finally looked up she had a puzzled look on her face and slowly got to her feet and stumbled towards us.
As she passed she leaned over towards me, "Sweetie, it looks like you might be missing a little something," and gave me a firm smack on my bare ass.
It looks like in our haste to check on Brooke, I hadn't noticed that my bikini bottoms had come completely off. I was mortified. My friend's mom had just seen my smooth pussy and bare as. In the grand scheme of things, I guess this just brought things full circle; now everyone in Lynn's family had seen me naked and had some sort of contact with a sexual organ.
As she got to the door Brooke turned, "Oh and by the way, the windows to the billiard room were open".