Warning: This is a tragic romance. A big thank you to my editor, Blackrandl1958.
******************
I liked to be alone. I lived alone, and I wanted to stay that way. I was off the grid as much as possible. I enjoyed being all alone and hidden away in Brooklyn, in New York City. I used a false name, and I paid my rent in cash. The landlord liked it; I suspected he was a tax cheat. Not my problem.
The one problem was getting money. You need a lot of money to pay the rent and live alone in New York City. I worked, so I needed a bank account. That had to be in my real name, thanks to the Patriot Act of 2011, passed after 9/11. My banking address was of course my parents' home upstate.
Perhaps ironically, I worked at a digital privacy company. I am gifted with computers. I used one at home, but I fixed it so that it could not access the Internet, and the Internet could not access it. My home was my private place. It was my very private place.
People thought I was paranoid, but I wasn't. You're not paranoid if someone truly is out to get you. In my case, someone was.
I grew up in a large family. I was the only girl. I have four older brothers and two younger ones. As soon as I was old enough, I was helping my mother manage the family. I cooked, cleaned, did housework, and basically, I did the work of a stay at home housewife of the 1950s. I even did the laundry and made the beds of my six brothers on a daily basis. Somehow the idea of helping me out by making their own beds escaped my brothers' minds.
I was changing the diapers of my youngest brother when I was eight years old. I did however have one brother whom I liked. He was Ray, and he was one year older than I. He and Lucas (who was two years older) looked after me. Both of them grew to over six feet, and I was five feet three inches at my tallest, so they viewed me as their little sister and always protected me in the best fraternal sense. Ray and I became really good friends.
When Halloween came, I sewed them all costumes. My mother had taught me how to sew and she had the world's best sewing machine. I also learned how to apply make-up, and made up each and every one of them for Halloween. Later, when I was in high school, I joined the theater company, and I helped in both wardrobe and make-up.
Nevertheless, my dream growing up was always to be left alone. I was living my dream.
It was hard growing up being the only girl in a family with six boys. The brothers did nothing, with the qualified exception of Ray. I cleaned their rooms. I cooked their meals and I made their school lunches. Then, as my body changed into the body of a woman, privacy became a concern. I was always nervous that one of my brothers would spy on me when I was taking a shower. I always locked the bathroom door when I was in the shower, but one time when I was done, the door was not only unlocked, but a little bit open.
After that I always took my showers at the home of my girlfriend Betty Ann. Betty Ann had told her mom that I had six brothers, and that was all she needed to know. Her mother understood my problem immediately, and I never had to explain in any detail. I loved Betty Ann's mom.
Our own bathroom had a lock on the door, but you could easily open it if you knew to push the tip of a ball point pen in just the right place on the doorknob. My bedroom door was similar, so when I became aware of the significance of having the body of a woman in a testosterone filled home, I became a locksmith. My breasts became fairly large when I was only 14. All my brothers noticed. They just kept on growing until I was 20. Now they are large indeed.
I installed such a sophisticated lock on my bedroom door that my brothers would have had to break down the door to get inside my bedroom. My breasts alone were a huge temptation. I could tell by the way they leered at me.
The one exception was Ray. I learned much later he was gay. That explained, at least to me, why we became so close. I still love gay men most of all. I love gay culture, the way they dress, the way they dance and the way they celebrate being alive.
I now use my hard-learned cleaning skills to keep my apartment immaculate. Everything is in its place, and everything shines, literally, it's so clean. I help out the landlord with my locksmith skills when they are needed. The landlord calls upon my talents surprisingly often, since he owns four buildings, all divided up into apartments. Tenants lock themselves out with alarming regularity. I get called, and I let them in. I now keep a set of keys to all of his apartments, which makes everything easier. However, if need be, I can easily break into almost any apartment. I have all the tools of a house burglar.
The skills I learned as a child are now quite handy. My own apartment is a fortress. It would be easier to enter it through the wall then it would be to enter it through the steel lined front door. I also have well hidden, yet extensive, electronic surveillance of both the inside and the exterior.
When I became interested in sex I was already in college. Given the example of my mother giving birth practically every year, I decided that copulation was not for me. I avoided any chance of getting pregnant simply by remaining a virgin. Instead, I became a world class expert at blowjobs. Great blowjobs can keep a man happy for quite a while before he insists on conquering the girl with his cock pumping away inside her. Consequently, my relationships with men were always of a limited duration.
The men would get all the blowjobs they wanted, but they never, ever got to fuck me. Nevertheless, they had to get me off too, or I would dump them. With those men I did not dump, I was fingered and pleasured with their tongues until I would come.
For the blowjobs, I was considered to be good. That's an understatement. I had quite a reputation, in fact. I would tease the men slowly, taking my time, licking their balls, tickling their cocks with my fingers, then licking the sides as if their cocks were lollipops. A specialty of mine was to hum while I sucked their balls. Men seemed to love that.
Of course, what the men seemed truly to love, every single one of them, was my deep throat skills. I could bypass my gag reflex with the alacrity of a porn star. Truth be told, I could have been a porn star: I have the body, and I have the fellatio skills. I suppose I could fuck, too. On the rare occasions when I have fucked, I find that quite naturally I moan loudly. Men seem to love that. Good.
I think my secret was that I actually liked giving the men blowjobs. I liked the feeling of power I had over them. The men would put their most prized and sensitive possession in my teeth filled mouth. All I would have to do is to bite down hard and all hell would rain down on them. The human jaw generates 55 pounds of pressure with the incisors, and 200 pounds with the molars.
Maybe men don't know that, or at least they don't think of it. They trust us women. Women are sweet beings after all. We're taught to be submissive, to smile a lot and to think men are wonderful. Wrong! That's not the case if the girl was the only girl among six boys when she was growing up, during her formative years. I never acted out. I gave them all wonderful blowjobs and men loved me for it.
There was one time I made a mistake. I got drunk at a party. I was a healthy young woman, and I had desires and sexual needs like anyone else. A man, Bob his name was, took me outdoors, into the woods behind the house where the party was, and we began to make out. He was good looking, very masculine, and I was kind of into him. I let him get me naked, which I think surprised him. I prepared to give him my signature blowjob, but he had other ideas.
It was not nonconsensual. It was more of a surprise. He took my virginity that night, and I could tell he was surprised when he broke through my hymen. That was the night that I learned that I'm a natural moaner when I fuck, and I moaned really loud. Another couple came to investigate, and they watched us fuck, which surprisingly turned me on all the more. I screamed a small scream when I climaxed. At the end Bob pulled out, and I engulfed his cock and swallowed his load.
I knew he did not come inside me, but I was nevertheless terrified of becoming pregnant. The very next day I did two things: I decided no longer to drink, or at least to limit myself to one drink in social settings. I saw a doctor and went on the pill. I was lucky and did not get pregnant. After that, I made no more mistakes. I was deflowered, and kind of glad that I was no longer a virgin. I knew what fucking was, and I felt that I could easily survive without it.
Also, to be a good porn star a girl needs lots of flexibility; not every girl can fuck with her ankles around her head. I can do that, too, I discovered. I did not want to discover such a talent. The discovery was forced upon me, you might say.
The way I learned how talented I am at fucking is not a story I want to share in detail. The time with Bob did not teach me much; I just lay on the ground with my legs spread while Bob ravished me. Afterwards I knew what fucking was, and I knew how thrilling it was to orgasm with a man's cock deep inside me. That is, however, about all that I knew.
One guy in college, Jim, took me to his room off campus. I did my usual thing, and gave him a naked blowjob, and one to remember. In exchange, I expected to be pleasured too, in any way at all except copulation in my pussy.
Men always liked it when I was naked. I tried to please. That was not enough for Jim. I told him if he truly needed to fuck me, he could take me in my ass, but my pussy was strictly off limits. My pussy was Verboten. Niente. Nada. No. I let him know I was up for most anything, just not traditional fucking. He did not accept my refusal. I tried to leave, and he stopped me.
I was date raped. It's not a pretty story how it happened, but it happened. Suffice it to say afterwards I was black and blue and my left eye was swollen shut. After the date rape, I staggered home to my dorm room, but before I got there I stopped off at Best Buy and Home Depot. Before I went to sleep that night, I had serious locks on the doors and windows, and electronic surveillance outside the room. I also had a can of mace.
My precautions seemed prudent, because since I was such a "great fuck," Jim wanted more. One night a few days later he came over at 4AM with the intent of getting into my room and enjoying my body again. He looked to be drunk. He never stood a chance. I called campus police, and since I had time stamped videos of him trying to enter my room, eventually he was expelled from the school.
I learned the meaning of a Pyrrhic victory. He was expelled, but now he no longer just wanted more sex, he wanted sex plus some brutal revenge on my body. I spent a lot of energy trying to be safe from Jim. He stalked me.
I tried to get a court order, but that was not easy, and I could not afford a lawyer, so it did not work. My safety from Jim became up to me. I became a ghost. People never saw me walking from one place to another, I just appeared. I went to all my classes, but when class was over, I was in the wind. I always carried mace.
That's a long preamble to the beginning of this story. After college, I moved to New York City, and I lived alone there. Protected by my carefully cultivated anonymity, I was also chaste. My solitary life allowed for no fucking, no blowjobs, and basically no men. I was still on the pill, because you never know. My stalker was still after me, I heard, but my strategy seemed to work well to hide me.
I knew that Jim had hired a private detective to hunt me down. I had my own spies. Fortunately, private detectives in the modern age use electronic tools. All leads led him to my parents' home upstate. My parents live in Plattsburg, far upstate in Clinton County, with a house fronting Lake Champlain. It's near the Canadian border. He decided that's where I was. I was betrayed by a neighbor of my parents who told Jim he thought I had moved to New York City.
Probably I should mention that I am considered to be pretty and sexy. I think my serious bust must have something to do with it. I'm small, and skinny, and sometimes I feel as if half my body weight must be in my breasts. When I dress for the evening, which is rare, my outfits invariably show a lot of boob. Why not? If you've got it, flaunt it; that's my motto.
Even if I wear slacks and a turtleneck sweater, my boobs are so prominent I still get a lot of looks, just when I walk down the street. I could dress grunge, and hide my body, but I don't want to do that. That's twenty years out of style. I get pleasure from looking nice.
One night I felt in a celebratory mood. It doesn't matter why; I had some success at work, and let's leave it at that. I took myself out to dinner. New York has a lot of restaurants, and one can find most any cuisine, from Moroccan, to Peruvian, to Ethiopian, to Tibetan. Despite this panoply of exotic cuisines, and despite the ubiquity of Chinese, Mexican, and Indian cuisines, my favorite is Italian. I don't mean pizza. I mean real Italian food. In New York, which was largely settled by Italians, there is a plethora of choice among restaurants serving fine Italian cuisine.
I took myself out to a nice one, accompanied with a good book. I ordered a bottle of Chianti Classico, some cacio e pepe pasta as my primi (first course), and then I ordered fegato (calf's liver) cooked with sage, as my secondi (main course). I had finished the pasta and was waiting for my secondi when a handsome man entered the small restaurant and joined my table. He was dressed in state of the art Brooks Brothers. It's not my taste, but nevertheless he looked nice. He had a hunky body, and I like that in a man.
I always watched single men enter, just in case one of them was my stalker. What was special about this one was his eyes. He took in the entire restaurant in a mere second, finding me sitting alone with no place setting for someone I might be expecting. A single woman, alone, who was 50% boobs. He made a beeline for me.
There was more to his eyes. He was trying to hide it, bravely maintaining a front, but I could tell that behind the veneer of Hail Fellow Well Met, there was a true desperation in his eyes. Women like mysterious men, and I am very much a woman. I admit it: I was intrigued.
I always sit in restaurants with my back to the wall and facing the entrance, just in case my rapist Jim was to enter. It was nice to see this man enter who was the antithesis of Jim. He came directly to my table and sat down across from me in the empty chair. I was not expecting this, but he was not Jim, and it's hard to faze me, so I simply said, "Good evening."
He said, "Good evening miss. Excuse me for barging in on your meal, but I'm desperate. I'm being hunted, and I would greatly appreciate it if you could pretend I'm your date tonight."
"I'm Susie," I said extending my hand. I was enjoying the man's bizarre way of meeting a girl. I admired the creativity of the line he was using. So, I decided to play along for a while.
"Mark," he said, and then he leaned across the table and he kissed me. It was a nice kiss.
"You're doing a good job pretending we're dating, Mark," I said. "Do you often barge into restaurants and kiss strange women?" Truth be told, I was amused at this strange new development. At least he kissed well.
Mark blushed. The waiter came over and asked Mark what he'd like. He realized I was waiting for my main course, and he said, "I'll have the same as my pretty friend Susie, please."
"You're laying it on a little thick," I said to Mark once the waiter had left.
We got to talking. Mark was mysterious. He was on the run, but he could not tell me from who, or why. I'm not the best judge of people, as my story about my rapist and stalker should demonstrate, but nevertheless I believed him. "In this day and age, it's hard to hide, isn't it?" I observed.
"Yes, very," Mark said. "If I'm lucky, I'll survive the night. Once I'm found, I'm toast. This meal will help; I haven't eaten for the last 48 hours, and as a consequence I am weakening."
We continued to talk, and I learned a lot about him, although nothing relevant to explain why he was on the run. All I could conclude with any certainty was that he had a nice face, a nice, muscular body and he kissed well. It was fun having such a dramatic companion for dinner, and I found my mood brightening in his company. He ate his fegato with the gusto of a man consuming what may very well be his last meal. It was also delicious, for what that's worth. We both had tiramisu for dessert.
He treated me to dinner, saying it was the least he could do to compensate for having barged into my quiet peaceful solitary meal. I had to agree, and I let him treat me. He paid in cash, a smart move I guess if one is on the run. I also let him walk me home. I had told him I live alone. Very alone.
When we got to my apartment in deep Brooklyn, I asked him if he had a place to stay for the night. He confessed he did not. I offered to hide him in my apartment. He said he did not want to place me in any danger. I explained that I was off the grid, and hiding out at my place was probably the next best thing to disappearing. He came upstairs with me, and we went inside. He saw the quality locks on my door and on my windows. He looked at me quizzically.
I told Mark the sordid story of my stalker, but only the broad outlines. Mark was horrified, gave me sympathy and then reached over and held my hand in a comforting gesture. It worked. That simple gesture melted my hardened heart. I felt as if I were 19 again (I was 24 at the time of this story).
I never thought I would have a man in my apartment, which for me was my sanctuary, but I was glad to help Mark. I realized he could be a criminal, or a terrorist, on the lam from government forces. He could also be a rapist, and cleverly had manipulated me into inviting him into my apartment. Despite these fears, he seemed like a good person to me, a good man in fact, and sometimes a girl just has to rely on her own judgement. I kept my can of mace close at hand, however. It seemed prudent.
Mark had what appeared to be the briefcase of a lawyer or a businessman, and from within it he removed a toothbrush and a nightshirt. I let him change in the bathroom, and while he was in the bathroom, I changed in the living room.
Since I live alone, I am not accustomed to worrying about modesty, and I realized my nightshirt was in fact a bit suggestive. I looked in the wall mirror, and I could see the outlines of my large boobs, the image of my nipples poking at the nightshirt, and since it was thin and white, I could see the shadow of my pubic hair around my pussy, too. Shit. This was not just a bit suggestive. It was full out suggestive!
As I was looking at my image with disapproval, Mark emerged from the bathroom. I turned to face him, and I could see his eyes widen, and his mouth smile. He said nothing. We just stared at each other, and finally he said, "I am very grateful you're helping me. You looked beautiful at dinner, and you are still beautiful now. Sexy too, if you do not mind me saying it. Mostly you are kind to help me."
"I'm sorry about my nightshirt. I live alone, and I did not ever realize until tonight how revealing it is. I have a vow of chastity, Mark. Can you respect that?"
"Yes, of course," Mark said. "Where should I sleep?" There was only one bed, and I did not have a couch, or an air mattress, or much of anything. At least my bed is a double bed. Mark volunteered, "The floor is fine."
"We can share the bed, Mark," I said. "But all we're to do is sleep, okay?"
Mark happily agreed. He agreed a bit too happily for my sensitivities as a woman, but ultimately, I was glad he agreed. I had gotten myself into an awkward situation, but I was glad he agreed. He honored the agreement, too, and the next morning when I awoke, I realized I was untouched by Mark, who was still sleeping in that noisy, ugly way men sleep. I love the way men sleep, as long as they're not my brothers.
I scrambled up some eggs for the two of us, fried some bacon and the smells of breakfast woke Mark. He came into the kitchen. "Good morning, Susie," Mark said, and he kissed me. It was the same wonderful kiss he gave me in the restaurant. "You look even sexier in your nightshirt from your backside. Do you realize it's transparent? You have a great ass, if I may say so."
I had never looked at my backside. The culprit had to be the light of the sun streaming through the kitchen window that lit my body up underneath the thin and almost transparent nightshirt. I whirled around to face him, blushing furiously. This made it worse. "Susie, the front is also transparent in the sunlight. My goodness your breasts are gorgeous!"
I was blushing, and wanted to hide. Mark changed the subject, "You can cook, too! I hope some of that breakfast is for me? It smells divine."
We sat down to breakfast, and Mark tried not to stare at my boobs through my nightshirt. He was not that successful, but I knew he was trying, and I appreciated the effort. I was inadvertently being a tease. I decided to confront it head on.
"It must seem to you that I'm being a tease, offering you my apartment as a place to hide, sharing my bed with you, and now dressing this way at breakfast. If so, I apologize. I'm just trying to be nice, and since I live alone, this is my only clean nightshirt," I said. In fact, it was my only nightshirt, but I did not want to say that.
"Susie, if a random woman is going to offer to hide me, and then graciously feeds me breakfast, I am thrilled. It's just icing on the cake that you are so pretty. It's whipped cream and a cherry on the top that you're sexy, too" Mark said. "You're like a great painting in a museum. It's fun to look. I don't have to touch, and I don't have to own you."
"Thanks, Mark. Enjoy the view," I replied. I knew enough about men not to believe him, but I enjoyed his discomfort (he had an erection), and I appreciated his gesture.
After breakfast, I used the bathroom and did those things we women do in the bathroom, and emerged again refreshed, and still in my nightshirt. "Your turn," I said. Mark was very fast, and when he emerged I was in panties, bent over my underwear drawer looking for the right bra to wear with the outfit I had chosen. My large boobs were hanging down, in full view of Mark. Shit, I thought.
"You really are gorgeous," Mark said. "You have the best boobs in the state."
I turned to face him, holding my bra, exposing my boobs to him in a full frontal. "You've done a survey, have you?" I said, giggling just a little.
Mark said, "No, Susie. It's just that your boobs are perfect. I learned in my logic course in college that one cannot improve upon perfection. So, yours must be the best."
"Nice save," I said, as I slowly put on my bra, ending my rather spectacular moment of exhibitionism.
Mark and I developed a sort of life together. I would go to work, and Mark would do whatever secret things he would do during the day. I would cook for us when I got home, and Mark would clean, and then I would clean better than Mark had. I effortlessly transitioned into the domestic role I had grown up in. It was as if Mark were one of my older brothers, except for my gay brother Ray. Mark was anything but gay, that much was clear. We both knew, of course, that he was most definitely not one of my brothers.
We would have fascinating conversations. I found that I enjoyed his company, something I never thought would happen. I felt that I had to ask what he did for a living, in order to keep from dying of curiosity. I had told him about my job, and he seemed impressed. He was vague at first about his own career, but I was persistent. I did not give up.
Around three weeks after I began sheltering him, we had a particularly delicious dinner with a nice bottle of Chianti Classico. I cooked a steak Florentine style, with lots of garlic and rosemary, roast potatoes, and string beans almondine. Mark was rapturous in his praise.
I really floored him when I served homemade chocolate mousse for dessert. I used to make it all the time for my brothers, since one of them was lactose intolerant, and chocolate mousse is made with egg whites and without milk products. It was hard wired into my brain, and therefore it was effortless for me to make it.
We finished the entire bottle of Chianti, and we were feeling no pain. Mark was as relaxed as I had ever seen him be, and that's when he lowered the boom, telling me why he was in trouble. He worked for the NSA, and he had found a way to stop most hackers. Given my own expertise, I might have been able to understand his idea, but he refused to tell me, since it would endanger him. He also refused to tell me why such a positive breakthrough could put him in mortal danger.
I tried to put it out of my mind, and I decided just to trust Mark. He thought I already knew too much. He was worried for my safety. I tried to assure him I could look after myself, but since I had been the victim of a date rape already, it seemed to ring hollow.
In our daily routines, I had become less scrupulous about hiding my body after the experience with the bra, since Mark was good about not trying anything sexual with me. I knew however that my body was a constant temptation. I had seen too many times what my large boobs, small waist, bubble ass, and shapely legs did to men. I am impressed that all Mark ever tried was the occasional kiss, and truth be told, I loved his kisses. We became roommates. We became friends, really good friends. In fact, I considered Mark to be the best friend I had ever had.
Two months and ten days after that fateful night when we both had fegato in that fine Italian restaurant, Mark told me that he had to leave the next day. His enemies had discovered he was somewhere in Brooklyn, living with a bombshell of a woman. I had never thought of myself as a 'bombshell of a woman,' but I am most definitely a woman, and so I was secretly flattered.
I did not want to see Mark go. I had grown fond of him. I realized I would miss him! He told me how I had saved his life. He said that I had given him two months of happiness. Mark told me, "Every day is special for me, since I never know what will happen next. These two months and ten days have been the best time of my life."
He was so grateful. I could see love, real love, in his eyes as he looked at me. I impetuously said, "I want to give you something else, something to remember me by, an incentive to return to see me when you can."
I went to him and I kissed him. I pushed him down onto the edge of the bed. I sat on his lap, my legs straddling his body. I could feel through his pants that his penis had begun to grow. I opened my mouth and French kissed him. I took his hand and placed it on my boob. He felt me up through my clothes. I unbuttoned his shirt, opened it up, and stroked his chest, enjoying his chest hair.
Mark pushed me off his lap, stood me up, and he slowly undressed me, down to my bra and panties. He looked at me. I nodded. Receiving my unspoken silent permission, he removed my bra. He looked at me again. Again, I nodded. He peeled down my panties, seeing my pussy for the first time.
He stripped, and I saw his cock for the first time. It was fully erect. He had a nice cock, but I really did not care at that point. All I wanted was him, my Mark. His cock was a proxy for his heart and soul, and I wanted it inside me. I wanted Mark bad. I wanted him, all of him. I wanted to make damn sure he would come back to me.
He lay me down, and he spread my legs. They parted easily, with no resistance. He went down on me. Few men have ever done that, and I absolutely, positively, loved it. The sensation was magical, but it was not what I wanted just then; it was not what I needed.
I pulled up his head, pulled his body onto my own prone throbbing body, and kissed him deeply. I poured my love into his mouth. He reciprocated; boy, did he! That kiss was beyond magical. We just kept kissing. As we kissed I could feel his erect cock on my thigh. I wanted that kiss never to end. Mark intuitively understood, and the kiss almost never did end. We kissed a long, long time, our naked bodies lost in their embrace.
Finally, it was time for business. We both knew what we wanted. Mark slid up my body, his cock pausing at the entrance to my body and my soul. He looked deeply into my eyes. "You're so beautiful, Susie. I love you."
"Oh Mark. I did not know until this minute, but I love you too. Please don't leave me. Make love to me forever," I said, tears welling in my eyes.
Mark kissed my lips lightly, and then he entered me. At that moment, I knew I was his forever. I had fucked before: Bob, when I got drunk at the college party, and Jim the asshole rapist. Mark was my third man, if you count the asshole rapist, and I do, but in some sense, he was my first. This was the first time I was truly making love.
Suddenly I understood what making love was all about. Sex was simply the ultimate expression of love. Two things were clear to me that instant when Mark entered me: I loved Mark, and he loved me. This allowed me to relax and to enjoy the fuck. Not that I know that much, but it seemed to me that it was no ordinary fuck. Mark knew how to fuck a girl. He was magnificent. He varied his moves, screwing, pistoning, and plunging. I began to moan up a storm.
Mark pulled out and pushed me up onto all fours. I had never done it that way before. For me, this meant an anal fuck. Well if Mark wanted anal, that was fine with me. He had my total submission just then. But he entered my pussy again, to my surprise. My first rear entry fuck was a revelation. All those dogs I had watched fucking growing up really knew something!
Mark's cock reached places no other cock ever had. I squealed in delight. He began lightly to slap my ass. I said, "Yes, Mark. Harder!"
Mark slapped me hard. I groaned and moaned, both. "You like it rough?" he said.
I had no idea what rough meant, but the only reply I could give to Mark, the man at that moment I loved, was "Yes!" I then added, "I am yours, Mark. Do whatever you want to me and with me!"
Mark clearly knew what rough meant, and he slapped me and plunged into me with brutal force. This took me by surprise, and I began to have second thoughts, but suddenly during one of his plunges, my body took over and I got aroused in the extreme. Mark could tell, too, since I made no effort to hide my response to his violent fucking. I was panting like a dog as he ravished me.
When I came, the orgasm was so powerful I collapsed onto the bed. Mark then pulled out and was clearly about to explode. "In my mouth, lover!" I screamed. I opened my mouth to welcome his cock inside it. I tried to swallow all of it, but he just had way too much. A lot of it escaped and adorned my large boobs. I am flexible, and I was able to lick a lot of it off my boobs, in a wanton, lewd, and lascivious gesture of desire.
We rested, and we talked about our future, or lack of one. How would we communicate? How would I know if he was okay? He had answers for everything. I still did not want him to go, but he explained he had to; it was not a choice. It was life or death.
"Then let's do it again," I said. "I'm told I give a good blowjob. I took his flaccid cock in my mouth. I gave him the full treatment, humming as I enveloped his generous ball sack, stroking his cock, lovingly willing it to be hard again, hard for his Susie. I got it nice and hard.
"Let's film ourselves," Mark said. "We'll both have this tape as memory until I can enjoy you again."
"I'm a step ahead of you, Mark. It's the advantage of seducing a paranoid." I pointed to where one of the cameras was hidden.
"Okay, you little sexpot, prepare to be ravished," Mark announced. I told him not to be rough this time.
"I need a sweet, loving fuck, Mark." That's exactly what I got. Afterwards, I knew he had to sleep. He was leaving at first light. At first light, I walked him to the subway entrance. In New York, the subways run 24 hours a day. I was crying. I had tried to be brave for Mark, but I knew he was leaving my life. It would now be empty.
"I was happy living alone, Mark. You ruined that. Now I'm to live a life of longing, of mourning your absence, you bastard," I said, at the subway entrance.
"Remember what we discussed. You need to get out, to date other men. You deserve a life. Find a good man, have children, have a life. My days are numbered. You know that," Mark said. He kissed me, a long, loving kiss. He gave me a quick breast fondle through my clothes, and he was gone, swallowed up into the murky depths of the subway entrance.
I stood at the entrance for a long time, maybe an hour or more. I went to Manhattan and I walked along Second Avenue looking for a bar open at 6AM. After a while I gave up, and went back to Brooklyn and to my home. I went to my nest, the one place in the world I felt safe. I sat, as if in a daze, on the bed, and stared at the walls of my apartment. I had once been so happy alone in this very apartment, away from my brothers, away from Jim the Rapist, away from the world.
I could not eat. All that I could do was to sit, stare, and occasionally cry. When I cried, I sobbed, and my stomach muscles finally clenched, forcing me to stop crying. I watched Law and Order reruns, and that calmed me down a bit. I actually looked forward to the distraction of work the next day.
The next few months I lost myself in work. Finally, I felt strong enough to do what Mark told me I had to do. I entered the world. I entered the world I had so happily left. I had walled myself up, and it was only Mark who could have penetrated my armored defenses. I got dressed in a form fitting dress that barely contained my boobs. I looked in the mirror and a strange woman, as hot as a firecracker, stared back at me. I brushed my hair to perfection, and I took myself to a nail salon.
I had a banal and meaningless conversation with the cute Asian girl who did my nails. She complemented my outfit, and told me whomever I was dressing for was a lucky guy. I did not break down and cry, although I wanted to. I just nodded and thanked her.
I was still only 24, the perfect age for the bar scene. I did not have a bevy of girls to join for some armor, so I went only with a friend from work, Miriam Angel. I felt completely vulnerable. Here I was, a sexy 24-year-old with boobs almost spilling out of my dress, showing a hell of a lot of leg, entering a boy-meets-girl bar with only Miriam as my wing woman. Jesus.
In all innocence, we chose a bar that it turned out was a gay men's bar. Of course! It was in the West Village. What were we thinking? There were almost no women in the bar. Well, what the hell, I was there, so I sidled up to the bar and ordered a Brandy Alexander. Miriam had a Whiskey Sour.
The only heterosexual man in the bar immediately approached us. I learned he was there as the wing man for his roommate, who was too scared to come alone. I asked, and he pointed to his roommate, who was being curiously chatted up by a man I could have gone for in a big way, had he been into women. We had a nice conversation. He tried hard to pick us up, but neither one of us was interested.
Miriam and I adjourned to a coffee house that was open late, and we had a good talk. Miriam was a sweetheart. She knew something was wrong in my life, and she wanted to help. I could not open up to her, what could I possibly say? We eventually parted ways, and I returned to the safety and comfort of my Brooklyn fortress.
I was happy, but depressed. I felt that I had had a glimpse of a happy life, and it had been snatched from me. I began to spiral down once again into a depression. I knew it was a stupid thing to do, from a hiding myself standpoint, but after a couple of months of depressing solitude, I took myself to the same Italian restaurant where I had met Mark. I was surprised by my warm greeting.
The maître d'hôtel came to my table, welcomed me effusively, and surreptitiously slipped me an envelope. I slipped it into my purse. At the end of a wonderful meal I ordered an espresso and a shot of Sambuca, and went to the ladies' room. In the stall, alone, I opened the envelope. The envelope contained a postcard of Santa Fe, New Mexico. Nothing was written on it, but nothing had to be. I knew. Mark was telling me he was alive and well.
I gave the maître d'hôtel my halogen smile as I returned to my seat and I lingered over my espresso and Sambuca. I could not stop smiling. A plan began to enter my head. I figured it had a chance to work. It could give us, Mark and me, a future. It was better than depression and moping! Anything was better than the relentless sink into the bottomless quicksand that was depression.
The next sunny day I took myself out of the apartment and headed over to Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. I took some notes, and stopped off at an internet café in the Bronx, one where they provide you with a computer you can use to go online. When I got home I typed up some letters, and then I went to the local Mom and Pop drugstore which had a notary public. I got my signature notarized and sent off the letters.
When I got the birth certificate, I used it to get a social security number. A child who died at the age of three days would not have had his social security number. I had a picture of Mark, and I used it to get him a passport. New York State has its own IDs for people who do not drive cars and do not have a passport. I got Mark one of those, too. When that worked I had Mark's new alternative identity. There was no way I could get him a driver's license. He would have to do that himself. Now all I needed was Mark.
It was security violation of the first order to keep returning to the same restaurant, but I did, anyway, to see if another envelope would arrive. One did, and this one had a picture postcard of New Orleans, again with nothing written on it. Well, Mark was certainly moving around! I was not sure why, but he clearly did not want me to know. The problem was, I had no way to communicate with him!
One time, returning from the restaurant after a nice dinner with a bit too much wine consumed, and no envelope from Mark, I felt as if I were being followed. I ducked into the subway, seeking the safety of having other people around me. Bad luck: I had just missed a train, and the platform was empty. It would be a long wait for the next train, in Brooklyn around 9pm.
A man was walking down the stairs to the platform. It was Jim-the-Asshole-rapist himself. The bastard had found me. Damn! Now here I was, all alone, on a subway platform.
Jim moved toward me with unexpected speed, and I suddenly had the fear he planned to tackle me right there on the subway platform. I ran away from the tracks, which was hyper dangerous, over to the wall, which was safer, and I held up my hand, indicating to Jim that he should stop. To my surprise and relief, he stopped shortly before he reached me.
I said, "Hello, Jim. It's been a while. How are you?"
I think speaking to him in this ordinary way surprised him and caught him off guard. I continued, "Want to go for a coffee? I know a nice place not far from here. My treat."
I had Jim flummoxed. He said, "Sure." I led the way, and we exited the subway station and all the danger it presented, back to the street, and a new and different set of dangers. I kept Jim talking. I said, "What are you doing these days? Do you have a job? Do you work here in New York?"
Jim told me about his life. He did have a job, even if it was retail and paid slightly above minimum wage. I asked him if he was happy in it, and he replied he was happy enough. We got to the café without incident and thank goodness it was open until midnight. There was a chill in the air so I ordered a hot cider, and Jim ordered a tea, and we both had a muffin. I paid for both of us, as promised.
I began to reminisce with Jim about our times in college, never mentioning of course the date rape, but instead talking about how pretty the autumn had been, and how much I liked the view from the top floor of the library. I just nervously babbled on, occasionally asking Jim a direct question so that he would participate in the conversation. I saw the tension in his muscles start to disappear, as he relaxed and enjoyed the babbling conversation of a pretty woman who at least just then was entirely focused on him.
As it got close to midnight, I explained I had to go, and I ordered a Juno car. That's like Uber, but it's just for New York, and the rumor is that it's a little nicer to its drive I completely disarmed Jim when I asked him for a kiss goodnight, for old times' sake. He awkwardly kissed me, and then I held his head in my hands. I was tempted to break his neck, but instead I gave him a real kiss, even opening my mouth at one point and letting our tongues tangle together. I then quickly pulled away, rushed to the car waiting outside, and called back, "It was nice to run into you, Jim! Go well!" slammed the car door closed behind me, locking it quickly.
"Drive fast, please," I said to the driver. "I'm trying to get away from him. Don't let him catch your license and thereby try to trace our destination." Due to paranoia, I had made our destination the Carlton Hotel on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Once there, I hopped into a conventional taxi and took the taxi to the Fulton Street subway stop, where a lot of subway lines merge. From there I chose the right train to go home and made it home safely. I felt it would be hard for Jim-the-Asshole-Rapist to have traced my movement and found my apartment.
I was much more careful after that experience. The problem was that the restaurant was my only source of communication with Mark. I was afraid to return to it, and also afraid not to return to it.
I had to take the chance. Every other time I had gone for dinner, so this time I went for Monday lunch. I got lucky, and the maître d'hôtel once again slipped me an envelope. This one contained a postcard of the John Hancock building in Chicago. I smiled: Santa Fe, New Orleans, Chicago; I could see no pattern. Mark was good. Expecting a blank backside, I turned it over, and to my surprise, I found, written in Mark's scrawl, exactly this: 44C. I figured, since Mark was a man, it was not his bra size. It was certainly not my bra size! (I'm a 34D.) It also was probably not an airplane seat. It seemed clear to me, at least: It was an apartment in the John Hancock Building.
I went home, packed a bag, and grabbed a Lyft car to Grand Central. At Grand Central I grabbed a taxi to the Marriott at Times Square. Once there, I grabbed a taxi to La Guardia airport, and I got on the next flight to Chicago.
Safely in downtown Chicago, I stood before the John Hancock Building with my carry on. I was used to big buildings from living in New York, but in New York, except for the Empire State Building, and the Chrysler Building with its art deco architecture, they all seem to blend together. The Hancock building in Chicago, however, is special. It is a beautiful building, with its graceful lines and simple design. It's simply magnificent.
Intimidated by the building, and not knowing what to expect, I decided to find a café or bar that overlooked it. I found one, settled in at a table with my back to the wall as is my wont, and ordered a glass of chardonnay. A man's voice, coming from a direction I was not looking, said, "I thought you preferred a good Chianti, or Multepulciano?" It was Mark's voice, but it was not Mark.
The man speaking had a beard, and was a Hasidic Jew, dressed all in black, with a top hat, tefillen, and a tallis under his sport coat. His nose was wrong, and his smile was crooked. But he had Mark's voice, and he knew what wine I liked. He was wearing sunglasses, the mirrored kind. He took them off, and I saw his eyes. The man was Mark. He had the same eyes that could see everything in a second, and yet they looked quietly desperate.
"Care to join me sir? Buy me a glass of Chianti, and I'm yours," I said. The man joined my table, signaled the waiter, and ordered me a glass of Chianti.
"Nice boobs," he said, looking at my breasts, straining to break out of my tight sweater.
"I'd let you fondle them, sir, but they're promised to man named Mark," I said.
"Excellent," the man said. "Call me Mark."
"Susie," I said. We shook hands and Mark slipped a key into my hand. When I finished my Chianti, I bid the man farewell, and went to the Hancock building. I took the residents' elevator and used the key to reach the 44th floor. I went to 44C, put the key in the lock, and the door glided open smoothly.
The apartment was minimally, but tastefully furnished, with a coffee table supporting a large bouquet of roses. In the bedroom, on the bureau top, there was a single framed picture. It was of me. In the nightstand drawer, there were more pictures of me in various stages of undress. I smiled.
An hour later Mark appeared. He still had the beard, but was no longer a Hasidic Jew. He rang the bell. I went to the door, looked through the peep hole, smiled again, and let him in, "Hello, Mark," I said. "Love the beard. You should move to Brooklyn."
"Love your boobs, Susie. You should move to the bedroom," Mark replied.
"Doing it with me bent over the couch doesn't fly with you?" I teased.
"Strip, woman, and we'll see," Mark said.
"Ooh, such a dominant man," I teased, and began to undress. I danced around a bit to entice Mark. He sat down and watched me disrobe until I was in my bra and panties. Then I stopped. I looked at Mark, and sang, channeling Badfinger, "If you want it, here it is, come and get it."
Mark rose from his chair, came over to me and removed my bra, and then peeled down my panties, rendering me naked. It was then that I realized he had no curtains. "I'm kind of exposed here, Mark," I said, looking at the picture window.
"We're on the 44th floor," Mark said. "I wouldn't worry too much." He bent me over the arm chair, exposing my sex to his hungry eyes. I mentally shrugged. "I've missed you, babe."
"How much?" I teased, and giggled. He took the plunge, and I groaned out my appreciation.
After the sex, we collapsed onto his area rug. Mark idly played with my boobs, as I stared into his eyes, examining his soul. Something was wrong. His eyes had lost their innocence. A dark cloud had blocked his pure soul. I said, in all simplicity, "They found you, didn't they, Mark?"
Mark looked at me. "It was horrible," he said.
"You can tell me, Mark. I'm a big girl. What happened?" I asked.
"I can't," he said.
"Why not?"
"Just let it be. I can't. There's a lot about me you don't know," Mark said. "You don't know what you don't know."
"Don't get all Donald Rumsfeld on me, Mark. Just tell me," I said. I was unable to hide the quiver of fear in my voice. I was afraid of what I was going to hear.
Three hours later he had told me all he was ever going to tell me. He had been right. It would have been better if he had not told me.
"It was them or me. The five of them had hunted me relentlessly. They were determined to kill me. They had killed others like me. Negotiations were not possible. In the end, they've killed my soul."
"My entire unit is gone. I am the lone survivor. That was 23 people. 18 men and five women. And one dog. It was horrible," Mark said. Tears were welling up in his eyes.
"How do you know?" I asked.
"Delilah told me," Mark said. Delilah was one of the people hunting Mark, he had explained to me during his three hour story.
"Why did they want to destroy everyone in your unit?" I asked.
"Why does anyone do anything, anymore? They do it for love, money, or for power. They're often the same thing, anyway. In this case we can easily eliminate love as their motive. Our group had created the tools to destroy the bastards. Not physically; no, we would simply render their schemes useless. They are the ones who made it physical. They were my friends. Rebecca was my lover," Mark said, choking a bit on his last words.
"She was dead by the time I met you, Susie," Mark quickly added. I was not concerned.
"Is anyone still after you?" I asked.
"Maybe, I don't know. It does not matter. My life is over," Mark said.
"What if they don't catch you?" I asked.
"I'm dying, Susie. I have cancer. It's terminal. I'm okay right now, but tomorrow I may be convulsed in pain. The attacks on my body seem to come and to go."
I was silent. This was a lot to handle, What was I to do? Suddenly I was overwhelmed with fatigue.
I led Mark to the bedroom. His bed was the most comfortable one I had ever sat on. Wow. His sheets felt like satin. We were both still naked, and I climbed into bed, pulling him into bed after me. He was a wreck after his confession. So was I. I thought of a short-term fix, and I took his flaccid penis into my mouth. I sucked, stroked, teased and cajoled it relentlessly until finally it had the appropriate reaction.
I kept at it. I felt I could suck him all night if need be, and in fact my blowjob lasted a very long time. Finally, I noticed his breathing changing, and small noises were emanating from his mouth, and he tried to pull out of my mouth. I did not let him, and he exploded right down my throat. Some of his cum was in my mouth, and I opened my mouth to show him, just like a porn star. Then I flamboyantly swallowed.
I think Mark wanted just to fall asleep. He was exhausted. I did not let him. He was lying near the foot of the bed, and I was now sitting up with my back leaning on the headboard. I began to play with my boobs, as I said to him. "Tell me about Rebecca. What did she do to turn you on? Did she talk to you in computer code? Or was it cruder?" As I said the word 'cruder,' my hands moved down to my pussy.
"I cannot speak of Rebecca. It's too painful," Mark said.
"I know it must be painful, but I need you to tell me. I have to know. What did Rebecca do to turn you on?" I asked again.
Mark let himself remember. He smiled, "She was much like you, lover. She had a great body, and she liked to dress in ways that flaunted what God gave her. God had been very generous in her case, just as God has been with you, sweet woman." I was now slowly teasing my pussy as Mark spoke, and my pussy had his full attention.
"Not enough, Mark. What did Rebecca actually do to turn you on?" and I emphasized the word "do." Now my fingers were stroking the edges of my labia, and my pussy, already wet from the blowjob I had just given to Mark, was getting even wetter. Mark was riveted.
"Well, she never did what you are doing. God, Susie, that's so hot!" Mark said.
Calm, but relentless, I asked, "What did she do?"
Mark sighed. Still rapt, watching my pussy, he said, "Rebecca liked to take risks. She would only take small risks, like flashing herself, making love where it was possible someone would see us, that kind of thing."
"The way we just did, when you fucked me in the window?" I asked.
"Yes, risks like that. Public nudity, public sex, that kind of thing, but always where the odds were that nobody would discover us," Mark said.
"Did anyone ever discover you two?" I asked. My fingers were now on the insides of my labia, and every so often went up to my clitoris for a sweet little fondle. Nothing too much, just a bit.
"Yes, once or twice," Mark said, and a small smile crossed his lips.
"Did it ever lead to you sharing her with another man?" I asked. I don't know why that outrageous question just popped out. I suspect it was something I had seen in those remarkable eyes of my lover Mark just then.
"Jesus, Susie. How did you know? Is that just a lucky guess?" Mark replied,
I did not answer him. I just said, "You enjoyed watching the other man ravish your lover, didn't you? I know you did." Mark nodded, dumbly, blushing.
"I have no idea why. I'm ashamed of myself," he said.
"To how many men have you shown our little sex tape?" I asked, as one of my fingers now entered my pussy.
"I showed it to one man in Santa Fe, and to a woman in New Orleans," Mark said.
"Did you fuck the woman after you showed her the tape?" I asked.
"You have to understand..." Mark said.
"I do understand," I said. "I understand everything. I now had two fingers in my pussy, and I began to pump them, slowly. Mark's cock was twitching.
"You're a perverted son of a bitch, Mark. I'm a nice girl. I came here to meet you, and you had better make the trip worthwhile. Put that cock somewhere where it will do some good, you bastard," I said.
Mark came over to me. "Not here," I said.
"In the window?" Mark asked.
"In the hallway, outside the apartment," I said. I took his hand. I put the apartment key on a cord I had and wore it around my neck. The key dangled, sexily I suspect, between my boobs. I took Mark's hand, and with us both naked, I led us to the hallway.
I led Mark to the elevator doors, and I got on all fours, facing the elevator. I wiggled my ass. Mark got behind me, positioned himself, and plunged into my welcoming pussy. I decided to give him a noisy fuck. I can turn on my moans when I want to. All of us women can. I reached up, straining, and managed to push the down elevator call button. I smiled to myself.
Mark was busy pumping away wonderfully inside me when the elevator finally arrived, with its small and surprisingly pleasant little elevator ding. The doors opened. Mark kept right on fucking me. The elevator was not empty, and a man left the elevator, staring not at me, but Mark. The man smiled, a vicious, horrible smile that I will remember to my dying day, which I actually thought was exactly that day.
He stood there, watching us fuck, until Mark finally exploded inside me. I had not cum, but that was fine. I was more turned on, having an audience, than I had ever been. "Nice job," the man said, and for the first time since I had met Mark, I saw his face covered in a mask of pure fear.
The man removed a gun, with a silencer attached. Mark got up to run, even if there was nowhere to run, and the man shot him in the leg. He then turned his weapon on me. I was forced, naked, with cum dripping from my pussy, but at gunpoint, to open the apartment door, and then to help Mark to get inside the apartment. Always keeping an eye on me, the man tied Mark up, tying him to a door. He gagged him, too.
"I hope you're still wet, little sexpot?" the man said. That's when I knew Mark and I were going to die, that day, on the 44th floor, in Chicago. The man tied me, naked and spread eagle, on the bed.
I guess I knew what was coming next. The man did not speak, but he undressed. He removed his clothes slowly, carefully folding them on the bed. Soon he was naked, too. He smiled at me. "Tell me you want me to fuck you, woman."
"I don't want that," I replied.
I remembered Mark enjoyed watching Rebecca get it on with another man right in front of him, and I wondered if he would enjoy this man fucking me in front of him, too? I looked over at Mark. "Should I let him?" I asked Mark, pretending as if I had a choice.
Mark was in pain from the bullet that had grazed his leg. He winced, but managed a smile, and he nodded yes. So, I decided WTF, that I would try to enjoy it. I would do anything for that man, and it seemed sexy to me to fuck a gun toting stranger.
I told the man, "Climb aboard, stranger. I hope you are a good fuck. I like to climax, you know."
The stranger smiled, and he did as he was told. He had a nice cock and before I knew it, he was inside me. I began to moan. This really surprised him. I let my body rise to meet his thrusts, at least as much as my restraints allowed. The stranger smiled and grunted as he fucked my bound and willing body.
"If you untie me, I could enjoy the fuck more, you know," I said, gasping in between the words.
The stranger thought a minute, and he freed my legs and my left arm. He wasn't that threatened by me, a naked woman underneath him and fucking him. He resumed fucking me. I was determined to give him the fuck of his life. It was the same strategy that had let me escape from Jim-the-Asshole-Rapist, back in New York. I wrapped my legs around him as we fucked. I dug my nails into his back with my free hand. I moaned up a storm.
In truth, I was getting really turned on. Then he began to choke me. Uh-oh. I could not breathe. Strangely, I could feel an orgasm rapidly build. He was fucking me viciously now as I tried and failed to breathe. I felt as if he were killing me. It suddenly came: an orgasm washed over me with a violence I could not have imagined. My entire body shook spasmodically, as if I were having an epileptic attack. Then I passed out.
When I came to, I played possum. I opened my eyes just a smidgen. Mark still had an erection, and he was still tied up. We were alone. The mysterious stranger with the gun had left. Mark explained he was one of his enemies, his hunters, but he knew Mark was dying of cancer, and since he got to fuck his woman, and since I even cooperated, he decided to let both of us live.
I stayed with Mark, and I nursed him as he died. He was lucky, and the disease killed him in less than a week. I filled him with black market opiates to ease the pain. When he was dead, I arranged for a funeral. After, I returned to the Hancock Building to gather my belongings.
I dressed, wiped away all traces that I had been there, vacuuming up any loose hair or fibers, wiping all surfaces I may have touched. I used all of my knowledge from detective novels, television shows, and the movies, to cover my tracks. I searched Mark for any evidence of a connection to me, and found the digital files of the video and pictures, and the print outs of my naked self that he had shown to who knows how many other men. I erased the files in such a way that it would be hard for someone to reconstruct them. Hard, but not impossible. Best I could do.
I left the Hancock Building, took a taxi to the airport, and checked into a nice airport hotel. Once I was safely in my room, I quickly vomited in the toilet, three times. Then I got into bed, under the covers, and I cried. I cried for three hours.
I took an airplane to DC and then an anonymous bus, under a pseudonym, to New York. From the Port Authority, I took the subways back to my Brooklyn fortress. I cried for a long time. I went to work the next day.
I lived a quiet life in my fortress. After around six months, I decided to try the bar scene again. This time I made sure I was taking Miriam Angel to a heterosexual boy meets girl kind of bar. We both found men, and we both went home with our respective men, and we both had meaningless sex. We did this a number of times before I met a man I could like for the long haul: James Valentine.
He was an ordinary man, hard-working and honest. He was good looking and clean. We began to date, and eventually it got serious. He was no Mark, but that was a once in a lifetime kind of thing, wasn't it?
It was a year later when I found it. My goodness, it was well hidden. Given how thoroughly I clean, it is surprising how long it remained hidden. It was from Mark. It had a note to me as its first file, a Read Me file, although it had some intimate thoughts. Mark was speaking to me from the grave. His computer code, his life's work, was all there, on the single 1 terabyte flash drive.
Mark's life, on a flash drive. It was so sad: I cried for hours. That wonderful, vibrant man whose eyes twinkled in a unique and magical way, my Mark, my very own Mark, and this is what he left for me. A flash drive containing his life's work, and his death sentence, all wrapped up together.
Finding the flash drive changed my life. I made elaborate plans, and I waited patiently for the right moment to implement them. When that moment comes, Mark will change the world as we know it, and he'll do it from the grave. May I have the courage to carry on, and may Mark rest in peace, once I have done for him what he could not do himself.
Meanwhile, I have to go vomit in the toilet now. I'm carrying James' baby, and I have morning sickness. Some ginger ale should help, too, but only after I vomit. So please excuse me, goodbye, and good luck.