Darin spotted the young gal up on the stage the moment he walked into the bar. The gaudy sign outside clearly showed that this was a dancer bar, so having some time to kill, he wandered in. One thing Darin liked most of all was watching girls on stage putting on a show.
Often he could see just as much out at the beach, but it just wasn't as much fun. On stage they were teasing, it was deliberate.
The girl up there at the moment was slender, muscular like most dancers were if they had been at it any length of time. Once in a while he would see a new one that looked sort of soft, but that never lasted very long.
This woman had on a tiny white G-string, and a pair of matching pasties. The pasties were on the large side, considering her breasts were at best an A cup. Darin liked that, for some crazy reason the smallish breasts turned him on.
Darin got a beer, wandered up to the edge of the stage. It was full, but one guy got up and left so Darin grabbed that seat.
The stage was about three feet off the floor; the view was excellent, right up her barely covered crotch. It was clear the girl shaved at least some of her pubic hair, but it was also obvious she had some left because every once in awhile some dark hairs appeared, barely. That was sort of against the law, but the dancers sometimes let a tiny bit almost show if the tippers were good.
Assuming of course the bartender whose job it was to keep a lid on things knew enough to be "busy" if one of the girls was teasing a big tipper.
The girl was athletic also, she did hand stands with ease, letting her legs splay outward in the full split position, spectacular. He had no idea how the crotch of the thing stayed in place when she did that.
The waitress brought a 2nd beer as the young woman vanished back stage. The next one up was voluptuous, she shook things around all over the place. But Darin was not as interested in her, even though she was very pretty.
Three songs later, the slender one was back. Darin slid a dollar bill onto the stage, getting rewarded with a sweet smile. She danced right in front of him for a few seconds, letting her legs part for a moment. The wisp of cloth did not cover very much but it also stayed right in place.
He had planned to have one beer and leave, but a couple of hours later he realized he was now getting drunk.
With just $10 left in his pocket, he went out to his car, got in and put the seat back. No way did he dare drive, he had enough wits about himself to realize that. He also pulled the keys, remembering the incident a couple of years earlier that got him two nights in the local jail.
Keys in the switch meant you were driving, even asleep, that Cop had no sense of humor at all.
+++
Someone was knocking on his car window, Darin woke with a start. His dream of that young girl, up on the stage, naked in front of him and showing everything was in his mind.
Of course she hadn't really shown that much, she wore those silly pasties and G-string the entire time, so he really didn't see anything at all. All his tipping did was get more wiggles in front of him, that was it.
His mind filled in the blanks in his dream.
Only once in his life had he ever actually seen that, it was at a local club he was a member of and they had those "visitations." Other clubs would visit, and always brought along a dancer that would strip for the men.
Men only clubs did that a lot, usually it was some older woman working the circuit, and while they got nasty it was always with the lights very low and just glimpses.
Until that one time.
Man, she not only had the lights left on, she lay down on her back and spread her legs, then used her fingers to reach down and open herself up!
That was as close as he had ever came to blasting off in his pants without even touching himself. In his dream he imagined the slender young woman doing the same thing, but of course that could never happen, not with the laws restricting all of the dancer clubs.
Darin loved that, she was slender also. Earlier in the men's club bar, he had tried to talk to the woman and got nowhere. She moved away from him like he was poison which hurt his feelings.
But he was used to that, he didn't have much luck with the girls back in high school, and it was only barely better in college.
Darin was 22 years old when he finally got to 3rd base, but that time he was overly excited and exploded way too quickly.
That woman, her name was Barbara, would not go out with him after that.
It was his one and only sexual experience, he just had that problem of getting tongue tied. There was not an aggressive bone in his body, quite a handicap when dealing with trying to compete with the jock types. Women looked at him as a big brother type, a nice guy.
So, he went to the clubs, got to look.
+++
"Are you OK, mister?" The girl from inside was peering in at him.
"Uhhh.. Yes, I am fine, I just drank a bit too much." He told her through the glass.
"OK, then. Have a nice night, and thank you for the tips." She gave him a bright smile and turned to leave.
She actually talked to him, even smiled!
Darin made a spur of the moment decision.
"Hey! Miss?" He called out after quickly rolling down the window.
"Yeah?" She asked, turning back.
"Would you like to go.. I mean.. maybe some Coffee or something?" He asked.
She hesitated for a few seconds, studying him.
"OK. You look like a nice guy, so sure. I will follow you down to Denny's in my car." Another smile, a few seconds later she pulled alongside, and they drove down to the restaurant.
+++
Coffee turned into some hash browns and eggs, then Darin realized the Sun was just coming up.
They talked about everything, he found out her name was Lee and she had left her husband who was in the military back in Germany.
She mentioned that he seemed to like picking up the German girls and she finally just got tired of it, so she flew back to the States. Now she lived with her sister until she could get back on her feet.
Unable to find any real work and about out of money, she had applied for and landed the job dancing for the area agency. They got 20% of her pay but she got to keep any tips.
The bad part was she danced in clubs all over town, all of them 3 hour shifts.
Darin then mentioned that he loved the way she danced, and really liked the way she looked.
"Most of you guys go for the ones with the big boobs." She laughed.
"I don't. I like sleek looking, like you are."
"Sleek, huh?" She laughed again, then she jotted down her next week's schedule.
"You come by and watch me dance, OK?"
That was it, they left. No kiss, they didn't even shake hands. Darin was excited all the way home, and again dreamed of her.
+++
Darin couldn't go watch Lee dance on the day shifts because he was busy running his brother's gas station.
That drove him a little bit nuts, he wanted to. Hell, he had seen literally hundreds of dancers, for some nutty reason this one stuck in his head. But during her evening and night shifts he was there every single time.
Each time they ended up at a café, talking for hours. Once he even went to work with no sleep, ending up dozing in the office off and on all day.
Things went just like that off and on for several weeks. Darin wanted to make a move, try something, but being mostly standoffish and shy, he never did. It was like the two of them were.. friends?
He really wanted to make a move, do something, but he had no clue as to how to do that. She might get offended, and then he wouldn't get to see her.
Things like that had happened before when he made some clumsy attempts with different women.
Then as she got off shift one night she told him she couldn't go to the restaurant because she had a date.
"Maybe next time?" She patted his hand, then walked over to some guy who took her arm possessively.
Darin went home, totally crushed. His mind was in a panic. Where were they? What were they doing? It was making him a little crazy.
He had her sister's phone number, at around two in the morning he could no longer stand it.
Lee's sister answered, tell him in no uncertain terms that Lee wasn't home yet and not to call at 2 in the morning.
Her exact words were "fucking TWO in the fucking MORRNING!" so Darin got the picture.
+++
He would have sworn he did not sleep a wink all night but his phone woke him up at 8 AM. It was Lee.
"My sister Mickey told me you called last night?"
"Yes, I just.. I wanted to.. you know.. make sure you were all right." Darin stammered.
"Oh, I was fine. I was just out with Dave, you saw him? The big guy with the shaved head? He is a nice guy, and he has asked me out several times, so since you didn't, I thought...?" Darin could swear there was a trace of humor in her voice.
"I don't want you dating other guys!" Darin blurted out before he could stop himself.
There was a long moment of silence.
"What do you want, Darin?" Lee asked him softly.
"You! I want you!" He exclaimed.
"Darin? I am a dancer, a naughty dancer, doesn't that bother you?" She asked.
"No! I like it, I love the way you look up there. I want you to be mine, they can look but not touch!"
"Darin, you haven't even tried to kiss me." Lee whispered.
"I want to, I really do. I love you."
There was another long period of silence.
"Darin? I can be there in about 45 minutes. Do you really want me?" She asked.
"Yes! More than anything!"
"OK." She hung up.
Darin almost ran for the shower, then after he dressed he busied himself attempting to clean up the typical male living alone mess. He was just stuffing the last of the dirty clothes into the hamper when he heard her knock.
Answering it, she stood there with an almost shy look on her face. Darin reached for her and she melted into his arms.
She then took his hand with a smile, pulled him along to his bedroom. She pushed him back on the bed, then in a husky voice she said, "Watch me."
That strip tease was way better than she ever did in the clubs. She took her sweet time, then was displaying every part of her sex to him. It was like she knew and understood what he liked.
Then finally she crawled up onto the bed, and began to undress him. For a moment he was concerned since he knew very well that he was just normal in that department, but she seemed delighted. Then she leaned down and put her mouth on him, something no one had ever done before. He managed to swap ends, she spread her legs and dropped down on his mouth. Darin had never done that, although he had read some stories. So he tried, then suddenly he knew he loved to do that and he buried his face in her.
He was amazed at how she looked like that, her lower lips were prominent, bulging. He knew from many photos he had seen that she had a far larger mass of flesh down there than most females.
"Gently, gently, lick, tease." She whispered, encouraging him. Then her body went rigid, and she was very wet. Darin was fairly certain that was an orgasm, giving one of those was another first for him. She had both hands wrapped around his erection, her head thrown back as she convulsed.
Darin was not too quick when they finally joined, and he lasted even longer the 2nd time. Lee was soaked in sweat, her body thrusting upwards at him, until finally she could take no more.
Later, they lay in each other's arms.
Then the thought popped into his head, and he had to ask.
"Last night.. with that Dave guy? Did you...?"
"Did I what? Oh, you want to know if we had sex?"
"Uh huh."
"You aren't going to get all jealous, are you?" She asked.
"No." Darin knew he was probably lying about that, but he wanted to know.
"Dave wanted to, but that was our first date so no way. I'm not like that."
"So what did you do?" Darin pressed.
"We necked a little bit, he kept wanting to touch my boobies, so finally I just took care of him. You know, with my hands?"
"Really? You did that?"
"Yes. It's what we women do when we don't want some guy trying to shove himself inside of us. We save that for the ones we really want.. like you!" Lee slid up on top of Darin and began kissing and licking his nipples.
He forgot all about Dave.
From then on, she came home with him after every single shift. Even her day shifts, Darin gave her the keys to his little Honda Civic that he had reworked, then the customer had abandoned it rather than pay the bill so it was close to free.
He had planned to just sell it, but now he decided to keep it.
+++
Her dancing up on the stage didn't bother him one bit, besides, she was averaging close to S40 in tips for every 3 hour shift, which was more than he made working for his brother.
For the next three months, everything was normal and good. They made love several times each week, and finally Lee moved in full time since she was there almost every night anyway.
The old ranch house he had inherited was large, roomy, plus very old so well built.
Some nights Lee did the one thing he loved most of all, she danced for him. He had mentioned that one time at the men's club and what the girl did, plus how much it had excited him. So Lee delighted in doing that for him, without fail he became as hard as a rock and those times were the best of all.
He also spent a lot of time hanging around the clubs when Lee was dancing. The times he could not be there drove him a little bit nuts, he always asked her what she did, wanting to know everything.
Then a new club opened up downtown, it was far fancier than most of the others. Word got around very quickly that the girls down there did a bit more than the other places did. They booked only the best looking dancers, all of them had huge breasts, too. The bartenders also shared in the tips which Darin found to be odd.
But then he figured out why. The bartender was always the one in charge, so sharing the tips meant they wanted the dancers to make as much as possible. Of course, part of their job was to keep things under control, and to keep an eye out for the local police or liquor control agents.
Lee never got booked there, Darin knew why. She was certainly pretty enough, but being short in the upper body department, she didn't fit their scenario. He knew that pissed her off some, but there was nothing to be done about it.
Since that club was only a block away from his brother's gas station, Darin often went there for a hamburger on his lunch break, so it didn't take too long before he knew everyone that worked there.
He always told her about that, she did mention with a laugh that he would probably get grabbed by one of the big busted girls, but he assured her there was no way that could ever happen.
He meant that, too, by now he was completely in love with his dancer girl friend. Still, he could see the dancers as he sat quite a ways away from the stage, they would reach down and tug at their G-strings when someone dropped a nice tip.
It was more than any of then did in the other clubs, he also noticed there seemed to be some kind of signals going back and forth with the bartenders.
That was all fun, and interesting.
+++
Then one night Lee was off work, so he took her there for a few drinks. She knew a couple of the girls, one thing led to another and she ended up on the stage doing what is known as a guest spot.
But she didn't have her own outfits, and wasn't even wearing a bra, so she was up there in a set of borrowed pasties, and her rather flimsy pink panties.
When she came out, Darin saw that the black lights the club used made Lee's panty about as close to sheer as they could get. There was not even a shadow panel, her pussy was almost completely on display.
The crowd realized and suddenly money was flying up onto the stage. Lee was beaming, realizing they all seemed to like her, and not realizing that she was basically naked except for the borrowed pasties.
She made as much in tips for the three song set as she normally made in an entire shift. Her face was flushed from all of the cheering when she came out and sat down next to him.
"Wow, this bunch really liked me!" She told him.
Darin leaned over and told her what her underwear looked like up there, it took her a moment for that to sink in.
Just then the bartender came over to collect his 20% share of the tips.
"Man, honey! You looked hot up there. Hey, if you want, you can do a couple more sets, there is no one here to worry about." He gave her a huge grin.
Lee blushed furiously.
"You can if you want to." Darin blurted out.
"God, they can see me, everything?" She told him.
"Yeah! That was crazy hot!" He said.
"Really? You want me to?" She looked at him with an odd expression.
"Yeah! maybe even.. do one of your floor numbers?"
"God. You are nuts, I could get busted."
"The bartender says it is ok."
With a smirk, she got up without another word and went back stage. Darin was so turned on he was almost shuddering. She was really going to do it, and deliberately this time.
"Hey, will she go all the way?" The bartender was suddenly there, with a free drink.
"What do you mean?" Darin asked.
"You know, drop the bottoms for us? For just a couple of numbers, ain't nobody here that is a problem." The guy grinned.
"I don't know. Can she do that here?"
"Sure, I will keep an eye out."
But Lee didn't, she did dance in just those thin panties, again the tips were good but not as furious as the first time.
"That was insane!" Lee told him on the way home. Even after giving the bartender his share, she still had almost $150.00.
Darin had to agree, it made him hot as a pistol. So much so that they ended up pulled over in a wide spot in the road, carrying on like a couple of kids.
+++
Right in that period was when the State laws changed. A club had allowed some of their dancers to show way more than the law at the time suggested, and there was an arrest.
The State Supreme court overturned the conviction, since under the Constitution, there was no law against nudity, not even in public.
Suddenly the dancer clubs were all wide open, fully nude.
+++
"If I go to work on my shift tonight, it means I will be dancing fully naked, honey. Are you going to be able to deal with that? If not, I can just quit." She told him that morning.
Darin was almost instantly erect at the idea. Showing everything, but no touching? Like the woman at the men's club did that one time?
Lee looked at him for a moment, then glancing down, she smiled.
"It looks like I have my answer, honey." She told him.
"Are you going to be embarrassed dancing like that?" He asked her.
"No, not one bit. They can already see nearly everything anyway, so a bit more doesn't matter." She grinned, slipping her fingers inside his shirt to tickle his chest.
"But I do want you to be there, especially the first time, OK?"
Darin would not have missed it for the world.
One of the other dancers was up on stage when they arrived. She was on her hands and knees, her fanny pointed at the very large crowd, everything was most certainly on display.
Darin found a place to stand near the stage, as Lee went back to get ready. She came out dressed in shorts and a halter top, before it had always been her dancer outfits.
As the first two songs played, she stripped down, finally letting her bare breasts free. Her nipples were like needles, Darin could tell that she was turned on.
But then, so was he. Here was his woman, his! All of these guys could look but never have her, because she was his.
Lee looked his way, their eyes met. She smiled and went backstage. When the next song came on, it was a slow and dreamy one. She came out with a small piece of carpet, spread it out and lay down. First she turned her legs this way and that, then she began to tug her G-string down, finally tossing it aside.
Looking directly at Darin, she opened her legs, her lower lips were bare, exposed, the brief patch of hair she kept about it covered nothing.
With her legs opened wide, she reached down, grinning at Darin as she slowly spread her lips.
The place went nuts, money was tossed on the stage as she lay there like that in the bright lights, only gently moving her hips.
Over the course of the shift, she did that every single last song. Darin had a serious case of blue balls by then, it was actually painful.
Finally the shift was over, and they left holding hands. Darin saw several jealous glances, he grinned inwardly at that.
Once at home and inside, Darin just grabbed at her. Lee was ready, she hadn't even bothered to put her panties back on after her shift was done.
"You know, some of these guys are going to want you." He suggested as they lay there in each other's arms.
"I know. But they never will, I have you!"
"I like it when you dance like that." He told her.
"I know. I love doing it for you, too."
"Just for me?"
"Well. I have always.. I like being looked at, desired. I like being able to be naughty like that."
"Well, is that enough? What if some guy comes in, someone.. special?"
"What? You mean, someone I really liked? Not to worry, it isn't going to happen. I have only been with one other guy all the way, and that was my former husband."
Darin just looked at her. She had never told him that, and he hadn't asked.
"Really?"
"Yes, really!"
"Man. I have only been with one other myself, and that was only .. sort of."
"But there is one thing, honey." She told him.
"What is that?"
"I won't be able to do that very much."
"Oh? Why not?" He asked.
"I am pregnant, honey. So enjoy it while you can, because when I start to show..."
That was something he really had not thought of.
He reached over to the dresser near the bed, brought out a little box. Inside was the ring he knew it would take him two years to finish paying for.
"Oh, my God!" She said.
"Will you?" He asked.
She held out her hand as she nodded, he slipped it on her finger.
"Looks like we will be just another married couple." He told her with a grin.
"Oh, I bet I can keep things fun for you!" She answered.