"Mr Peters, are you a cuckold?"
At the time he first heard those words, Simon Peters couldn't possibly imagine the effect it would have on his life. All he knew was that he had been caught. And knowing that made ice run through his veins.
The fateful words were uttered by a highly unlikely source -- his son's friend Jacob. Jacob was the only member of his son's friendship group who wasn't spending the summer holiday before they went to university backpacking around Europe. The cleverest among them, he was instead pouring his efforts into saving up money by entrepreneurially putting his computing skills to use as a general computer repair man. That was precisely why Jacob found himself in Simon's home office, working on fixing his computer.
He hadn't said the fateful words triumphantly. Indeed, having spoken them Jacob looked positively pained--almost to the same extent as Simon, who simply stared in bewilderment, trying to find words, any words.
"It's just," Jacob stuttered, "just that you'd left a page open. A story. About a cheating wife."
"I don't know what you're talking about," Simon eventually managed to say, although he very much did know. For almost as long as he had been married he had had fantasies about his wife, Anna, sleeping with other men. But knowing that his wife would be disturbed by their existence, he had kept the fantasies at bay through porn--primarily in the form of stories. Stories exactly like the one he had seemingly forgotten to close before handing off his laptop to Jacob.
"I'm sorry for asking," Jacob continued. "It... It's just that I know I'd forever be kicking myself if I didn't ask."
"Kicking yourself?"
Jacob took a deep breath, face flushing red to match that of Simon.
"It's Anna. I've always- always wanted her. For as long as I've been thinking of girls like that."
Despite everything, Simon could feel his dick starting to twitch. His son's friend wanted to fuck his wife? This scrawny, nerdy kid who had come round god only knows how many times growing up.
"Err, you have?" said Simon, managing to slightly regain his composure.
Jacob seemed to sense that his revelation wasn't being received entirely negatively, and he grew a little in confidence.
"Actually, she was the person I was thinking of the first time I, you know, touched myself. And most times since," he added, chuckling nervously.
"She was?" Simon gulped. The temperature in his veins was no longer quite so icy. The thought of him wanking to Anna for all this time... He gave Jacob a look that signalled him to divulge more.
"I think about the first time a lot. A group of us were round here. It was a stupid dare, to steal some of her underwear. Both of you were in the garden, I think, and us boys were in the house. So I crept upstairs. I didn't want to leave a trail by rifling through all the drawers, so I went for a pair I saw on top of the dirty linen bin. I took them downstairs, showed them off, got a cheer, then shoved them in my pocket and forgot all about them. But then, back home that evening, I found them again. At first I was just going to throw them away. But there was something about them, how green and lacy they were, and as I brought them closer to my face I realised how good they smelled. So I ended up, you know,usingthem, thinking all the time about how she'd just been wearing them, how I was touching the same material that she had."
"You came in them?" Simon asked, mouth suddenly very dry, and got a nod in response. He actually remembered the pair. He had bought them for her as part of a set as a Valentine's day present. He could even dimly remember them going missing, meaning he had only ever got to see the full effect of the lingerie once. And now the mystery was solved. They had ended up wrapped around a teenager's dick. A right-thinking man might have been outraged, but he was anything but.
"Why are you telling me this?" Simon eventually managed to say.
"Because if you are a cuckold, it's what you want to hear, isn't it? If you are a cuckold, then we both want the same thing. For me to sleep with your wife."
There was a palpable sense that control of the conversation was passing from one to the other. Simon considered his next words carefully.
"Even.. even if I was, this is not something that Anna knows anything about. No matter what you might want, I can guarantee she doesn't feel the same."
Jacob looked genuinely crestfallen for a moment, but quickly recovered.
"Well, I'm willing to do whatever you tell me to if it helps to change her mind. You know her better than anyone, right? You can help me, you know, seduce her."
Despite the rational part of his brain telling him just how dumb an idea that was, Simon couldn't help but consider it. It was true he knew her better than anyone, including all the things she was attracted to. He could conceivably coach Jacob about how to behave while working subtly to push Anna towards him. But he also knew it was all just academic. Anna was as vanilla as they came. He'd never heard her express an interest in anything remotely kinky, let alone sleeping with another man -- especially when that man would be her son's friend.
"Look," said Jacob, reading the indecision on Simon's face, "if the answer's no then I understand. I'm not going to do anything crazy and your secret's totally safe with me. Like I said, I just couldn't live with myself if I didn't take the chance." He broke off the conversation to start packing up his stuff. "Good news is your computer's working fine now. You have my number if it starts playing up again." He paused. "Or for any other reason," he added significantly.
"Wait," said Simon as Jacob strode passed him to the door. "What happened to the knickers?"
"Oh I still have them. They're just a lot, err, crustier than they used to be." He laughed guiltily, disappearing out of the house to leave Simon considering just how strange the encounter had been.


It was the weekend, a couple of days on from Jacob's bombshell revelation. Simon and Anna were busying themselves in their garden, soaking up that rarest of things: British sunshine. Underneath his sunglasses, Simon was still chewing over his conversation with Jacob and all its implications.
Anna, meanwhile, was blissfully unaware of his conundrum. Like her husband, she was in her late 30s. And also like him, she wasn't necessarily the kind of person you'd look twice at. Typically modestly dressed, she was the archetypal Mum-next-door, with a body rendered pleasantly soft and curvy by motherhood and all it entails. It was probably a stretch to call her a MILF. Except that was exactly what she had been for man years to her son's nerdy friend.
They had met at university, exchanged their virginities, and had been smitten ever since. Anna had fallen pregnant with their first and only child in their final year, after which she had focused on childcare and, when their son was a bit older, a slew of undemanding part-time jobs. That left Simon to focus on his career as the main breadwinner, an arrangement which suited them both.
For what seemed like the hundredth time over the past few days, Simon was contemplating sending Jacob a text message. A glance at Anna bent over weeding and his defences finally gave way. Even as he composed the message he feared he was opening a potential Pandora's box, but his list won out.
What do you like about Anna?
A few anxious minutes of waiting later, the reply came back.
The way she dresses so properly makes me think she's someone who knows how good she looks underneath and is embarrassed about it. Like she's trying to hide her body because of all the attention she'd get if she didn't.
That was a lot more philosophical than expected. He had figured Jacob was going to say something like "big boobs", but the more he thought about it the more astute it seemed. She did look good naked, that was true. She wasn't lacking in either the boobs or bum department, and Anna had gotten off very lightly from being pregnant, with barely a stretchmark on her body. Despite that, she had always dressed and behaved the part of a fairly prudish mother, despite his compliments and appreciation inside and outside the bedroom. Even on a sunny day in their well-enclosed garden, she was barely showing off more than an ankle.
"You know you're not going to get much of a tan wearing all that on a day like today?" he said to her, a wicked plan forming in his mind.
"And why would I want to get a tan? I think you're just looking for an excuse to put sun cream on me!"
"Busted," he laughed. "I just thought you might like to take the opportunity, considering there aren't any kids running around for the first time in 18 years or so."
She made a dismissive grunt. He realised it was time to bring out the big guns and appeal to her competitive side.
"Probably for the best," said Simon. "You'd just burn anyway, English rose that you are."
"Actually, I think you'll find that I have no problem tanning, thank you very much."
"Oh really? Why don't you prove it then?"
"If you think I'm going to fall for that... you're absolutely right!" She laughed and, to his amazement, began stripping out of her clothes. She stopped at the underwear level, and wearing just a bra, knickers and a sun hat, reclined in a nearby sun lounger. "Nice of you to volunteer to finish my gardening. Oh, and to get me a drink."
"Your wish is my command," he told her, trying to act far cooler than he was feeling. Her underwear wasn't particularly racy, and their garden wasn't overlooked by any neighbours, but maybe she really was ready to loosen up in the absence of their son. He retreated to the kitchen, mind racing. Could he really do this? There was a key part of the fantasy he needed to establish with Jacob first, however.
He always tried not to psychoanalyse where his interest in cuckolding had come from, but if he was being truthful with himself, it stemmed from his below-average penis. His and Anna's sex life had always been decent (at least for him) but he had always been bothered by the fact that his wife rarely came (and if she did, it was from her fingers). He'd always wondered if she might be more enthusiastic about sex if it was with someone better endowed than he.
Which is why his next message to Jacob was to ask how big he was.
10"
He was pretty incredulous at that response. Men did have a habit of rounding up. He had to know for sure.
Prove it.
It wasn't long before a picture came back. Jacob wasn't lying. It only seemed half-hard, but even partly flaccid, it was bigger than his. Much bigger, in length and in girth. In that moment he convinced himself that there was something philanthropic about the endeavour. That Anna deserved to experience a dick that big.
That thought overrode his moral opposition to what he was about to do next. Shakily, he brought his phone up to his face. He was fairly sure that Anna couldn't see him from his position in the kitchen, but he pretended to be reading something up close regardless. Instead, he opened the camera app, zoomed in, and took a surreptitious photo of his half-undressed wife, carefully framing it so that he face was obscured by her sunhat. Despite that, it was still unmistakeably her. You could see the curves of her body, from thick thighs to soft belly and impressive breasts. In a word, she looked fertile. Exactly the type of woman the ancients would have dedicated their time to making little clay figures of.
He brought up the chat with Jacob. It would be hard to go back after this. If he pressed send, Jacob would have an incriminating image of his wife. And it would be blindingly obvious to her that he, Simon, was the one that took it if it ever got out. Going through with it would means trusting that Jacob would be just as interested in keeping things discrete as he was. He was fortunate in that he had a pretty big carrot to dangle if he needed to keep Jacob in line, however: the possibility of having sex with Anna.
Internal debate resolved, he pressed send and busied himself preparing the drink Anna had asked for, all in order to distract himself from his rapidly beating heart. It wasn't until he was back to weeding that he felt a buzz in his pocket. He took out his phone as nonchalantly as he could, trying not to signal to Anna that anything out of the ordinary was happing. Not that she would have ever in a lifetime have guessed what he was doing.
Wow. Does this mean we're on?
Simon thought about it for a second. His eyes glanced up to the previous pictures they had exchanged. There was something incredible about seeing the two images directly next to each other. He now knew beyond all doubt that he wanted to help manufacture the same thing in real life.
Yes.


Over the next week Simon spent most of his time thinking about how he could make his fantasies a reality. Eventually he came up with the ruse of having Jacob help him with some garden work at the weekend for some extra money, a scheme he ran past Jacob who gave it his very enthusiastic agreement.
Other than that, it had been a relatively normal week; except for the uptick in their sex lives. They had been at it every day since she had stripped off in the garden. Simon's interest was, of course, driven by the interactions he had had with Jacob, but Anna, too, was a very willing participant. She'd found the experience more interesting than she had thought. Despite the enclosed nature of the garden, there was always a risk of being viewed by somebody. And after a lifetime of covering up, the fantasy of exposing herself like that to somebody felt... exciting. So much so that she planned to surprise her husband that weekend by wearing a bikini she had secretly purchased during the week.
When the weekend came, they spent Saturday morning squaring away the usual chores. When Simon went to look for Anna, he couldn't find her in any of her usual spots. Eventually, he found her in the garden, and he was delighted at what he saw.
Anna was reclining in a sunlounger, wearing a most unexpected piece of clothing. She looked amazing, her boobs and butt straining against the bright red fabric. He thought back to Jacob's text about her hiding her body because of the attention it would bring if she didn't. It seemed something was changing with her.
"Wow," he eventually said. "Since when do you wear bikinis?"
"Well I quite enjoyed lounging around while you did all the work. So I thought I'd upgrade to some more appropriate tanning-wear. Drink please!"
Simon still hadn't actually gotten around to telling her that Jacob was coming over this weekend. And now here she was, bikini-clad, with Jacob only an hour or so away. He put off telling her, avoiding the awkward conversation and instead preferring to steal glimpses of his wife as he worked on the jobs she usually did.
It was only minutes until Jacob was meant to be arrive now. He had to come clean beforehand, or else she would probably kill him. The key would be telling her without having her scarper inside to change.
"Now is probably a good moment to mention that Jacob is coming round," he told her, trying to appear as nonchalant as possible.
"What? When?" she started, a look of panic in her eyes.
"In a couple of minutes. I thought I'd get some help with clearing up the garden."
"Why didn't you tell me sooner?" she huffed, moving to stand up.
"I was enjoying the view."
"Oh for goodness sake, get out of the way so I can go change!"
"You know," he told her, "you don't have to change. I'm sure he's seen his fair share of beautiful women in bikinis over the years. Besides, you're in your own home, you shouldn't let other people dictate how you dress."
"And you're OK with him seeing me in a bikini, are you?"
"How is it any different to wearing a bikini on the beach?"
"Well you're usually in the company of a lot of other people doing the same!"
"So what, you're worried he'll think you're coming on to him? Let him think that if he wants, it doesn't bother me."
She looked at him strangely. After a moment's consideration, he got the answer he was looking for. "Fine," she sighed.
A few moments later, they heard the distant ring of the doorbell. Simon made his way inside and answered the door. Jacob was a mix of eagerness and apprehension, as was Simon. To break the ice, Simon let him know Anna was currently in the garden wearing nothing but a bikini, which seemed to tilt the eagerness/appreciation scales in the right direction. They tramped outside together.
Simon found it simultaneously exciting and funny as he watched Jacob trying his hardest not to be too obvious with his ogling of Anna. They both issued a perfunctory grunt of greeting, Anna laying back in such a way as to minimise the size of her breasts, Jacob hunched over so as to prevent the rapidly growing lump in his shorts from showing. The two of them headed to the far end of the garden, and soon enough were out of Anna's earshot.
"Liked what you saw then?" laughed Simon, gesturing towards Jacob's crotch, who nodded in agreement. "Well as long as you don't let it affect your work. We've got to clear all the crap out of the bottom of the garden. We've been using it as a dumping ground for years. It should take a few days at least, so it should be the perfect cover for having you round."
"Oh, so we're actually working?" was the slightly perturbed reply. "I thought we might be, you know, pretending. I'm not much use at manual labour."
"Afraid so. Seems a fair trade, though. I get some free labour, you get to perv on my wife." Simon left unsaid the fact that seeing Jacob perv on his wife was also a benefit to him, but they both knew it was true.
With that, they got to work in earnest, working alongside one another to begin clearing the garden of assorted plant waste, old furniture, broken pots and all manner of other rubbish. Jacob wasn't kidding when he said he wasn't cut out for manual work, scrawny as he was. He looked far from natural hauling stuff around. It was hard for Simon to believe that someone like that could be blessed with such a hefty package. Simon thought back to earlier when he noticed it growing in the presence of Anna. The thought of his wife's body having that effect on her son's friend had been a real turn on for him. He wondered if she had noticed herself, and as it happened, she had.
It had actually been quite hard for her to stop her eyes darting down as they exchanged pleasantries. The lump in his shorts had become very noticeable, very quickly. She had to admit there was something quite validating about it, though she reasoned that it didn't take much to set off a horny teenager. Still, she felt the tension release from her body as she relaxed in her chair, shoulders coming down and chest thrusting forward.
She considered that she had never seen her husband reacting like that to her. Then again, his size meant that he wouldn't be able to tent his trousers very convincingly. Yes, despite the fact she'd never slept with anyone else, she wasn't oblivious of the fact that her husband wasn't the best endowed individual in the world (she did have girlfriends to gossip with after all).
Tiring from the work, and wanting to engineer another interaction, Simon peered out of the secluded bottom of the garden. He was pleased to notice his wife was still wearing the bikini. He had been slightly worried she may have retreated indoors to change at some point. He noticed she was very still, and after seeing her barely move for about 20 seconds, reasoned she had dozed off in the sun.
"Fancy a break?" he asked Jacob. "Maybe you could go get us a glass of water each. I think Anna's asleep, so feel free to take your time..."
Jacob's eyes lit up at the opportunity. As he walked off, Simon pretended to busy himself for a while until assuming a position where he could see them both. Simon assumed Jacob would be expecting him to watch, but liked the thought of him being unsure. Plus he wanted to see what Jacob would do when left to his own devices.
What Jacob did was head straight inside to first secure the alibi of a glass of water in each hand, stealing a few glimpses of her on the route. On the way back, he stopped at her side before clearing his throat to announce his presence.
Watching from afar, Simon felt his dick twitching as his wife startled awake. Watching Jacob looming over her half-naked figure turned him on. He could see he wasn't the only one feeling the effect, with Jacob's shorts bulging as he drank her body in. He couldn't help but wonder whether his wife was showing any signs of arousal, though of course it was much easier for a woman to hide.
From his vantage point, he had no idea what they were saying, merely observing as Jacob handed Anna one of the glasses. From their body language, he could see that they were both less nervous than earlier. There was something intoxicating about not being able to hear what they were saying, Simon's mind filling in the blanks with wild possibilities.
"Enjoy your chat?", Simon asked upon Jacob's return.
"Yeah, sorry but I ended up offering her your drink to get her attention. She said she was surprised I'd taken up such a boring job. I told her I was looking for a way to earn some money while working on my body."
"Smart. Well, speaking of, we should probably get back to work."


As they worked for the rest of the day, Simon thought about ways of stepping up their interaction. It had undoubtedly been hot to see them in close proximity, but the fact remained that all they were doing was chatting innocently, albeit with a boner in between them. He wanted things to heat up, and quickly -- before Jacob went off to university and the moment was lost.
He didn't think Jacob had the confidence to start openly flirting with her, however, even if he told him to. As the day wore on, eventually Anna complained she was getting cold and headed inside to change. For a moment he thought he had missed his opportunity, but then, finally, a plan began to form in his mind.
"OK, I think we can call it a day there," he told Jacob. "Not much point us working out here while she's inside. I do have another job for you before you leave, though..."


Later that evening, Simon was in his study when Anna appeared at the door.
"Have you stolen my bikini bottoms?" she asked.
"Huh?" he replied, the picture of innocence.
"They were right here at the top of the pile," she said, gesturing towards the dirty linen bin she was carrying. "The top's still there but the bottoms are gone."
"Maybe they fell out?"
"Hmm, I suppose so. I suppose your panty-raiding days are long behind you," she laughed, turning away from the door.
He hadn't expected her to notice their absence so quickly, but was very glad she had. In that moment, he decided to push things further.
"Well now that you mention it, I can think of someone who is in the prime of those days..."
He heard her footsteps slow before she returned to the doorway. "Don't be ridiculous," she said. "What would he want with an old woman's bikini bottoms, anyway?"
"First up you're not old. And secondly, he did seem to spend an awful lot of time hanging around you yesterday. Maybe he's got a crush."
"Don't be stupid," she laughed. "What the hell would he do with them anyway?"
"Maybe he wants to wear them, I don't know. Or more likely he's sniffing them right now."
"Gross! What the hell is wrong with men? And surely if you think that's what he's doing you should be more upset. I thought you were meant to defend my honour?"
"What honour would that be?" he laughed. "Besides, it's like I said, I'm not threatened by some kid with nothing to his name. Whatever he wants to do with your bikini bottoms, more power to him!"
Anna snorted with derision, surprised at her husband's laissez faire attitude to the possibility of her son's friend coming on to her. It was true that he had seemed a little smitten yesterday...


The topic returned later that evening in bed as they sat next to each other reading.
"I looked for them again, you know," she said.
"The bottoms?"
"Mmhmm. Still nowhere to be seen. You promise it wasn't you?"
"Scout's honour."
"God, do you really think he took them? That's... messed up. I've known him since he was a kid."
"Oh come on, it's not that bad. I can tell you from experience it's not unusual to have a crush on your friend's mother."
"But to steal her underwear? And what if it escalates? I should nip it in the bud."
"How are you going to do that? You don't have any proof he did anything."
"Yeah but I have proof he's... into me. Every time he gets close he has an, ahem, erection."
Simon's eyes widened. He couldn't quite believe he was discussing Jacob's dick with his wife.
"Oh so you've noticed it too?"
"It's hard not to when it's right there in front of you! And what do you mean, 'noticed it too'? You saw him getting hard in front of me and you didn't even do anything?"
"What am I meant to say? 'How dare you be attracted to a beautiful woman?' Besides, I'm richer, fitter, and more experienced than him," he shrugged. "I don't mind letting him have his fun."
"Oh my god, you're ridiculous." She reached out a hand to slap his thigh underneath the duvet but miscalculated and hit his erect penis instead.
"Ow!"
"Excuse me, what the hell is this?" she said with mischief in her eyes, throwing off the duvet, grabbing his penis and giving it a quick shake.
Simon simply blushed. He had been caught enjoying their conversation, though there was thankfully no suspicion of him colluding with Jacob.
"Don't tell me you get off on the thought of him perving on me?"
It was a hot summer night, so they were both already naked. He said nothing for a while, instead simply enjoying the sensation of her hand.
"Maybe it's the thought of you perving on him," he piped up. "You've already practically admitted to staring at his dick." The way she was manipulating him with her hand was motivating him to dance as close to the line of acceptability as possible.
"Well I have to admit it's flattering," she said somewhat shyly, not refuting his accusation.
Simon had had enough of her teasing. He grabbed her and threw her face up into the middle of the bed, assuming his position in between her legs. There was no hiding the fact that she was wetter than he could ever remember her being.
"You seem a little more than flattered by it," he groaned, plunging into her effortlessly.
She let out a long, guttural moan in response.
"I bet you've imagined what it looks like."
"Ughh, maybe."
"You're probably imagining it right now. Tell me what it looks like."
"It's... oh God. It's big. I can tell."
"Bigger than mine?"
"Much bigger. I don't--fuck--envy any girl he meets at uni who has to lose their--aah--virginity to that..."
"You don't envy them?"
"No," she grunted, "that kind of cock needs a--mmm--more experienced pussy."
Her words were sending him over the edge.
"I'm close," he muttered to her, having only been going at it for a few minutes.
"Oh God," she practically screamed, fingers clawing at the sheets. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't stooo-"
They came together, jointly experiencing the best orgasm of their lives. He came inside her as always, having long ago eliminated the pregnancy risk with a vasectomy. Usually he didn't see much evidence of the deed, but as her body shimmered through the aftershocks, he watched his unusually impressive load snake out of her.
As they bathed in the post-orgasmic glow, Simon was beyond thrilled to not only have broached the prospect of extramarital activities with her for the first time, but to have received a somewhat positive response. It seemed like the timetable of his plan could be shortened. But first he needed a pretence for Anna and Jacob to exchange numbers.


"Babe," Simon called out the following morning, "would you mind texting Jacob and letting him know not to come in until lunchtime? Just realised there's some work I need to catch up on."
They were yet to bring up the experience they had shared the previous night, neither of them knowing how to approach it in the cold light of day.
"Why can't you do it?"
"Forgot to charge my phone last night. His number's on the fridge."
Simon allowed himself a fist pump as she fell silent, signalling her acquiescence. Sure enough, a few minutes later, he received a text from Jacob -- a screenshot of the text she had just sent him and a question about how he should reply. Simon hadn't considered that he would be able to craft Jacob's responses. After some thinking, he told him simply to thank her for letting him know, but to end it with a winking emoji. He figured that would leave Anna pondering what exactly that implied, especially in the light of everything that had happened.
By the way, I think you should bring the bikini with you later, Simon texted.
Oh shit, really? I didn't realise that would be necessary. I kinda stained them...
Accompanying the text was an image of Anna's bikini bottoms absolutely soaked in cum. Simon swallowed the lump in his throat. It wasn't so long ago that fabric had been resting against his wife's pussy. Any traces of her still on it were now mingling with his juices.
Jesus, how many times did you cum in them?
Actually just once, haha. But it was a long session.
It seemed to Simon that Jacob's loads were just as voluminous as his cock. But cum-stained or not, the bottoms would still work for his purposes. He told Jacob to bring them anyway.


A couple of hours later, Jacob arrived at the house and they got to work. Without her bikini, Anna was, apparently, uninterested in lounging around outside. Instead she had announced she was meeting some friends in town.
Thanks to that fact, Simon's mind was, for once, on the task at hand rather than the logistics of getting his wife to sleep around. He reckoned they could finish their work today if they knuckled down, and he would finally have the arduous task of clearing the garden off of his to-do list.
As they worked, he established from Jacob that he had indeed brought the bikini bottoms, which were currently stuffed inside his pocket. The next step would be the biggest they had yet taken, and he truthfully had no idea how his wife would react.
"Listen," he said to Jacob. "Anna's been pretty receptive to everything so far. But you know there's always a chance she puts a stop to things. How are you going to react if she does?"
"Then I'll accept it. And I'm not going to dob you in if that's what you mean. But I'm willing to do whatever you tell me to make sure we do this, you know, properly."
Simon nodded and they got back to business. It wasn't long before a text from Anna announced she would be back soon.
"I think we're due a break," said Simon.


When Anna got back, she entered the kitchen and found Jacob inside downing a glass of squash.
"Hi. How goes the work?" she asked, dumping some shopping bags on the kitchen table.
"Oh hi. Yeah, fine. I think Simon reckons we should be done today. He's already gone back outside." He paused for a moment. "Gotta admit, I was hoping you'd be outside again today, Mrs. Peters."
"Oh come on, you're a man now -- you can call me Anna. And I would have been, except I seem to have misplaced half of my bikini. You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"
"Err, no, afraid not. But that's a real shame."
"Oh it is, is it?" she laughed. "If you were so interested in seeing women in bikinis, don't you think you should have gone backpacking with the rest of your friends?"
"Probably. But why spend all that money traveling around the world when you can get the same experience in your mate's garden?"
"Is that right? I suppose you'd better hope I find it, then."
He finished up his drink and set the glass down on the table, a strange expression coming over his face.
"I'd better get back out there. But maybe you should take one last look for it."


"How'd it go?" asked Simon after Jacob's reappearance. "You manage to plant it?"
"Yeah I did. And I sorta hinted it was there when she came in. Sorry, I know you said about her finding it later, but it just seemed like a good opportunity. It kinda felt like she was, you know, flirting with me."
Simon was far from as shocked to hear that as he would have been just a couple of days prior. It seemed Anna had no regrets about their discussion the previous night, at least so far. But her finding the cum-stained bikini bottoms might be another matter. There was incontrovertible proof of Jacob's lust for her. It was way beyond flirting, after all.
"Well, I guess we just have to wait and see," Simon said, trying to affect a cool demeanour when in truth his heart was thumping away inside.
Their nervous energy spurred them on to finish the clean-up operation in no time at all. Despite frequent checks, there was no sign of Anna, either in person or via text. Both of them feared we might have blown it.
In Anna's continuing absence, they finished up outside and made their farewells. The only thing to do was keep waiting.


With Jacob gone, Simon hit the shower and changed. It was nearing dinner time, so he was unsurprised to see Anna in the kitchen cooking. He couldn't quite tell her emotional state.
"All done then?" she asked.
"Yep."
"Good job, thanks. That's been bugging me for ages. Oh by the way, guess what," Anna said with a perkiness that seemed slightly exaggerated.
"What?"
"I solved the case of the missing bikini bottoms."
His eyes widened into saucers. Luckily Anna was turned away, stirring at the hob.
"You did?"
"Yep. I had another look and they'd fallen behind where I was looking. I don't know how I didn't see them."
Simon was stunned, though he fought not to show it. She was lying to him. Lying about the fact that Jacob had indeed taken them before cumming all over them. And according to the straining in his pants, he found that deception hot.
What he couldn't figure out was why. He ran it through his head. The most likely explanation seemed to be that she was chickening out, planning to ignore Jacob and coming up with a convenient way to explain why the item of clothing had returned. He decided to force the issue.
"Seems like you were pretty desperate to find them. Disappointed you didn't locate them before I was done with Jacob?"
She laughed, throwing a tea towel at him. "I think you're the one who's disappointed, pervert."
"I guess that means he didn't steal them, then?" he probed, wondering how dedicated she was to the fiction that she'd found them.
"I guess so."
He approached her from behind, putting his arms around her and grinding his hard cock into her arse.
"That's a shame."
"It is?" she squeaked.
"Can't pretend I didn't enjoy how much the thought of it was winding you up last night."
He kissed her neck and she groaned. She was surprised to hear him admit that. She hadn't expected him to bring it up outside the bedroom.
"I think you mean how much it was winding you up. Now get off me before this burns."


After dinner, Anna announced she was having a bath -- partly to head off her husband's wandering hands.
She had a lot to think about, and she didn't need him distracting her right now. She lit some candles and sunk into the warm embrace of the bath.
When she discovered the bikini bottoms, Anna hadn't known how to react. Jacob had took them alright. Not only that, but he'd masturbated with them, then left them on the bed for her to find.
It was exactly what she had feared about things escalating. She knew she never should have flirted with him. So she made up her mind to ignore it. It wouldn't be long until Jacob was at university and out of their lives.
But then what her husband had just told her upended that decision. Maybe it was all just idle talk, but he really seemed to get something out of the flirtation. And if she was honest, so did she.
She had thought telling him what had really happened would upset him. But now she was pretty confident it would only turn Simon on. And she might get some more great sex with him out of it too.
But first she wanted to speak to Jacob directly. She brought up their earlier conversation and tapped out a message.
What you did was very... forward.
It didn't take long for the reply to come in.
Too forward?
Maybe.
Is this too forward?
She scrutinised the message for a second, unsure of what he was referring to.
Then it came through. She actually gasped. A dick pic. Of course she'd heard of them, but this was the first one she'd ever received.
Like she'd admitted to Simon in bed, she had imagined what Jacob might look like underneath his shorts. But it turned out her imagination couldn't compare to the real article. She could see he was fully hard, veins bulging along the length of him. And what a length it was, matched only by the girth. His pubes were closely cropped, while his penis itself and his heavy balls appeared totally smooth. The tip poked invitingly out of his foreskin, with a bead of precum hanging pendulously at the tip. And it was all for her.
She couldn't help but compare what she was seeing to her husband. She had never allowed herself to be disappointed with what he offered, but seeing this it was hard to believe two such different examples could even belong to the same species.
A minute went by without any further communication. She really had no idea what to say in response to. But then she realised that he probably wasn't looking for words in response.
She stretched one arm out in front of her holding her phone, while the other scooped at the foam all around her. She wouldn't give him a nude, not yet at least. Bubbles tactfully arranged over her nipples and vulva, she took the picture. She had to admit, it wasn't bad. She bit her lip. Could she really send this to him? The tingling in her pussy answered her question. She pressed send.
Oh God. She didn't really know what she had been hoping to achieve by messaging him. But she knew what she had achieved. She was sexting her son's friend.


She emerged from the bath feeling energised and very, very horny. She had spent far longer in there than she had anticipated. Indeed, by now it was late enough that she found her husband in bed. She slid in next to him.
"OK," she said, taking a deep breath. "I lied."
"You did?" he replied, looking up from his book.
"About the bikini."
He did his best to play dumb.
"I found it, but not where I said. It was on the bed. Jacob left it there."
"Wait, what?"
"We were talking when I came back, and he insinuated that if I looked for the bikini, I'd find it. And I did."
"So he did steal them?"
Anna nodded.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"At first I thought you'd be upset. But all the teasing you've been doing. I thought you might actually enjoy finding out..."
Her hand found its way to his dick.
"Seems I was right," she laughed.
"So where are they now?"
"In the washing machine."
Simon reciprocated her behaviour, moving his own hand to her cunt.
"Might have to put them through twice with the amount of cum that was on them."
She closed her eyes and groaned in response. But then her eyes flicked open again.
"Wait, how did you know that? I didn't tell you that yet."
Shit. Simon's blood ran cold at his mistake.
"Oh my god," Anna continued. "Did Jacob tell you what he did? Show me your phone. I mean it, show me your phone."
He was a rabbit caught in the headlights with no means of escape. His mind ran through a million ways of getting out of the mire he had dropped himself into, only to draw a complete blank. He had no option but to unlock his phone and hand it over.
Anna knew exactly where to look. She brought up his conversation with Jacob and quickly digested the whole thing.
"You... you bastard! You orchestrated the whole thing, messed with my emotions. How could you?" She was on the brink of tears.
"Anna, listen, I--"
"Save it," she seethed. "You message him right now and tell him to come over. Don't tell him why."
"If you'll let me ex--"
"Just do it!"
He sent a perfunctory message to Jacob, who was all to eager to come around--even late at night, without an explanation. Little did he know the bollocking that was awaiting him when he arrived.


"First off, you two are boneheaded idiots," Anna raged, pacing around the living room with the two men sat on the sofa in front of her. Jacob looked terrified, and Simon wasn't so far off feeling the same.
"You're both meant to be smarter than this! But at least you're young and can be excused for letting the thing between your legs do the thinking. What's your excuse?"
Simon could only stutter in response. He was terrified he'd destroyed his marriage, all in the service of some dumb fetish.
They both sat there and silently absorbed Anna's ranting for a good while longer. Eventually she seemed to tire.
"Can you both just... just leave? I need some time to think."
They both turned tail to oblige her, but Simon hung back at the doorway.
"Leave the room or leave the house?"
She gave him a withering look in response. "House!"
This was bad. He could think of at least one occasion when he had been told to sleep on the sofa, but to be turfed out of the house entirely? This was untrodden ground. He gathered up some essentials, not knowing how long this exile would last.
Driving away from the house, his thoughts turned to Jacob and how he must be feeling. Pretty bad, no doubt, but at least he wasn't married to the woman he'd pissed off so mightily.
It didn't take him too long to find a cheap hotel nearby. As he checked in, the impersonal decor and general sense of decay only added to his dour mood. What had he traded away to end up with this? It was a long and sleepless night.


He woke up on Sunday morning feeling even worse. He had long believed that a good sleep made your problems seem smaller, but every second that passed without information was making him more and more anxious. He knew messaging her would just piss her off even more. He just had to wait. She would speak to him when she was ready.
He was half tempted to get in contact with Jacob to see if she'd said anything to him, but he knew that she would likely found out about it. So he twiddled his thumbs, went for a walk and sat in a cafe, all the while glued to his phone awaiting any communication from his wife.
It was past 6PM when his phone finally buzzed at him. Anna's message was short and sweet and hard to read into.
You can come home now.
So he did.


As he walked through the door, he found himself automatically treading gently. It felt like he was a supplicant entering hallowed ground. He didn't want to do anything to cause offence or jeopardise his marriage even further.
He heard her voice calling from upstairs, but he couldn't read anything from her tone. This was it, the moment he delivered the big, apologetic speech he had spent all day crafting.
Having ascended the stairs, he found her in their bedroom. She was staring into a mirror, applying some makeup. There wasn't anything unusual about that. What was unusual was the fact that she was done up to the nines.
Her hair was curled and the makeup she was applying was much more involved than usual. She was wearing a lingerie set he couldn't remember buying, complete with stockings and suspenders. It goes without saying that she looked amazing. What he didn't understand was what she was up to.
"Anna, I-"
"Shh," she said brusquely, cutting him off. "Here's what's going to happen. I am going to go on one date with Jacob. I think, in some weird, messed up way, you (and by extension me), owe him that. We're going to see if there's anything there without you pulling the strings in the background."
She packed away her various makeup accoutrements and brushed past him on the way to her wardrobe.
"Whether anything happens or doesn't, you are never going to find out. He'll go off to university in a couple of weeks, you are not allowed to ever talk with him again, and we're going to put this whole crazy situation behind us. Understood?"
Simon nodded meekly, mouth agape and dick growing. He could accept that. All things being even, he was getting off easy. Very easy. She was still angry, yes, but he could tell it was already fading. Their relationship was still intact, and that meant more to him than anything.
She picked out a black dress (another item he had no recollection of) and shimmied her way into it. It fit her perfectly, accentuating her curves and treading a very fine line between classy and slutty. She turned her back to him.
"Mind doing me up?"
He obliged.
"You look great by the way."
She gave him a poisonous look.
"Save it. Just because you're back in the house does not mean you're out of the doghouse."
She gave herself a final look in the mirror before heading for the door.
"OK, I'll be back at some point tomorrow," she said, eyes sparkling with a heady mix of nerves and excitement. "Don't wait up."
And with that she was off on her first ever date with another man. Simon couldn't help but allow himself a smile. Something rang a little hollow in the way she suggested she was doing it merely out of obligation to Jacob, while going so all out in the way she had dressed. And that made him pretty sure her ultimatum wasn't as final as she suggested. He didn't know how long it would take, but he'd find out if something had happened. And he hoped to God it had.