Chapter 6—Later in the night!
This is the continuation from "Chapter 5—Later in the Week!" It picks up after M Chan and I finished cumming at her dance studio or as she likes to call it, Her Fuck Palace.
"I really need to take a quick shower. You care to join me?" I asked M Chan as she walked away with her face covered in my hot sticky cum and her body shining with our combined sweat and her pussy juice.
"Great, you get it going. I'll be there in just a minute, I need to grab my garter and stockings." She purred.
I hauled my ass off the floor in the reception area and headed towards M's office where the small shower was located. I turned on the water and adjusted the temperature before stepping in to let the hot water message down my back between my shoulder blades.
I didn't even turn my head as I heard the shower door open and felt M Chan step in behind me.
"God, I love your sexy ass. All that bike riding really pays off for you. Your legs and ass are so tight, I could run my hands over them all day." M Chan commented as I felt her small hands running up and down between my legs from behind.
"Let's get cleaned up and get some dinner before we continue this little fuck session for the night. You're going to need all the energy you can get for tonight. I'm in the mood to really get fucked hard all night. I'm so fucking horny and what we just finished has only just got me started." M Chan said as she started to wash both our bodies with her great smelling soap.
I just let her roam her soft little hands all over my body, I was still too spent from just finishing the fucking that we had completed. I was also thinking about what she had just said about us just getting started for the night and about how horny she was.
When M Chan is really horny there are no limits to what she will do or is willing to try. I knew that I was in for a long hard night and that my cock was going to be sore in the morning. I also needed to think of ways to please this sexy fuck machine that I helped create.
We got out of the shower, dried each other off and started to get dressed. I watch as M Chan slowly rolled her fishnet stockings up her beautiful legs and then strap them to the garter belt already fitted around her curvy waist.
Next came the lacy black opened crotch panties that M loves to wear in public when she's horny.
M Chan skipped the bra as she reached for a beautiful light purple silk blouse, "I want to feel the silk rub my nipples and make them hard and pointy while we're out!" M Chan purred as way of explaining why she didn't bother with her bra when she noticed my watching her.
I kind of expected this as M Chan loves to show off and expose her sexy body when we go out.
Next she slide into a very tight, mid tight length, black skirt with a little slit in both the front and back that showed a lot of M's very sexy legs. I knew that she was feeling very horny and that this was one of her look at me and think of fucking me outfits that she liked to tease other men with.
All the while that M was getting herself ready, I was just leaning back against the wall and watching this super sexy and very horny creature get her fuck me outfit on.
When she had finished she looked over at me still standing there naked with my cock starting to swell up and grow longer from the show that she had put on while getting herself dressed.
"My..., maybe I should just take all this off again and we can skip dinner and I can have dessert here. That cock of yours seems to have recovered and looks so good." M Chan whispered in the sexiest voice as she started to make her way over towards me.
She never even looked up towards my face or broke her view from my slowly rising cock as she bent over and took the head into her hot little mouth.
With just the head of my cock in her mouth M Chan kept licking around the top with her hot little tongue until she had my cock at attention and hard as stone.
I was expecting her to deep throat it as is her usual habit, but M just released my hard cock from her mouth, straightened up and tilled her lips towards mine for a hot little tongue kissing. All the while still holding and stroking my cock in her tiny hand.
"I want this monster hard and ready all night. I want all the other Japanese women that we meet tonight to see how big and hard a gaijin's (foreigners) cock is and what I'm going to be riding later. I want them to be jealous and horny and to know that this is my toy tonight and that they won't be getting any of this, at least not tonight anyways!" M Chan whispered while looking deep into my eyes.
All I could think was 'What the fuck have I gotten myself into tonight!'
M Chan reached for my Calvin Klein underwear and tossed him unto her desk. "You won't be needing these, that's for sure." M Chan laughed as she then grabbed my tight black 501 Levi's and helped me put them on, all the while she kept paying attention to my bulging hard cock.
"You won't need underwear tonight, I'm going to be keeping your cock hard all night so you'd better get it into a comfortable position." M Chan ordered as she buttoned up my pants.
I pulled my T-shirt over my head as M Chan grabbed our jackets and her large purse. I then followed the sexiest swaying ass out of her Fuck Palace, across the parking lot towards the train stop next door.
"You don't want to take my car?" I asked a little surprised that we were taking the train.
"Nope, I have something in mind and the restaurant is close to the station we'll be departing." M told me, with this little hint that she had something planned.
The first train to arrive was going away from the downtown area and most of the city's restaurants, so when M Chan took my hand and got up to get on this train I was more than a little surprised.
She just looked back at me with this devilish smile on her sexy red lids as she guided us to a seat away from the door.
When the train doors closed and we started to move, M Chan placed my hand between her legs and helped me slide a couple of fingers into her wet hot pussy.
Going away from downtown at this hour, the train was pretty much deserted so I wasn't uncomfortable fingering M's dripping wet pussy until I felt her squeeze my fingers with her first orgasm.
We'd been on the train about 15 minutes when we came to the stop where M Chan said the restaurant was located. It was actually right across the street from the station exit.
M Chan held my hand as we crossed the street and entered the restaurant. It was small, with only about 10 tables and pretty good lighting.
I was looking for a table when M Chan said something to the owner and we were lead away from the main dining area to a private dining off to the right.
Just before we got to the sliding door M reached down and rubbed my still semi hard cock and then raised my hand up under my nose so I could get a good smell of her pussy juices still on my fingers.
This made my cock start to grow to its full hardness again, thinking about what she was going to do to me once we were inside the private dining booth, like we had done once before in another restaurant.
But as the door slide open I was surprised to notice that there were already four women seated at the only table there and that M just greeted the ladies and proceeded to find a chair all the while carrying on a conversation with the group like they were long lost friends or something.
She introduced me to the group as her private English teacher/friend/boytoy and then let me in on the surprise, that these four ladies were some of her adult ballet students and that they liked to speak English when they were all together.
I was also surprised to learn that I had come up in some of their conversations when they had been at drinking parties together and that they were all interested that I join them for their next get together, which happened to be on that night.
Food and drinks, lots of drinks, were ordered and the conversations started to flow. M Chan introduced the ladies and gave me a little background on each as we started serving up beer to each other, in the Japanese way, while waiting for the food to start coming.
M Chan was seated on my right, with me furthest from and facing the door. Following are what I learned about each lady has the night progressed.
On my left, was Yumi, she was a married 36 year old housewife with one daughter, whose husband was currently working and living in Singapore. He only got to return home once or twice a year and had only put in one year of a 3 year exchange work term. Yumi was quite good looking, a little tall, with a nice ass, long legs, and what seemed to be a bigger than normal set of tits. She was very talkative and not shy about her topics of conversation.
Next to Yumi was Risa. Risa was about 42 years old, also married with two grown kids. It turned out that her husband enjoyed being with his friends and playing tennis whenever he had free time, and spending quality time with his wife was lower on his list of priorities. Risa was cute, but had a sad look about her, her body was in good shape, she did however have small breasts typical of Japanese women and her hips flared a little from her having had two kids. She seemed to listen to the conversation more than take part and had to be drawn in at times.
Continuing clockwise around the table and next to Risa, and across from me was Honoka. Hono, as she liked to be called, was the youngest of the group. She was a single 26 year old that had just finished her second Master's Degree at a university in Kyoto and had just returned to our city, her hometown. She was working at a big hospital nearby and had been a student of M's when she was younger. Hono had it all, great looking, great conversation skills, and a killer body. She had the tightest heart shaped ass I had ever seen, and nice cleavage that I got a get view of every time she leaned across the table to refill my glass. I also noticed that every time I looked in her direction, Hono was staring right at me and moistening her lips. M Chan didn't need to keep making my cock hard because Hono was doing a great job of that herself without even touching me.
Lastly, but by far not least was Miki. Here was a lady as close to M Chan as you could get. They were both older ladies, seemed to have lots of money, dressed to kill, at least kill most men that saw them and wasn't afraid or shy about their sexuality. I found out the Miki was a childhood friend of M's and that she was divorced from her husband because he couldn't satisfy her sexual needs. She worked out every day by swimming and at least one other type of muscle building exercise. Had never had any kids, and liked to travel alone regularly.
As the booze flowed and everyone started to loosen up the conversations turned raunchier. And I started to get asked some very loaded sexual questions.
"Is it true that most gaijin's have huge penises?" Yumi whispered to me when she thought that no one else would notice. But everyone had noticed and was looking at me like I was on the menu.
"I don't know if everyone is big, but I think the average size is around 6ins or about 15cms when they are hard. Some are fatter than others I guess." I told the group.
"You're bigger than that right!" Miki chimed in, almost making me choke.
I looked sideways at M Chan who was smiling and continuing to eat her food. "I'm a little bigger, yes. I'm around 7ins which is about 18cms." I stuttered. This sat all of the ladies off in Japanese talking to each other at once.
Starting to get a buzz on from the beer and the conversation, I was having a hard time keeping up with the conversation in Japanese. I leaned over towards M Chan and whispered "Help!"
M Reached her hand under the table and started rubbing my now very hard cock inside my pants. "Ladies, I think we're losing our male friend in the conversation, let's switch back to English."
"Does all Canadians have clean heads on their penises?" Risa asked next a little shyly.
"Clean Heads? Oh, do you mean circumcised penises, Risa?" I asked to clarify. She just nodded her head up and down. "Again I don't know about everyone, I do." Slipped from my lips which caused everyone to start laughing.
I didn't know where M Chan intended this evening to end up but I was getting very horny and my cock was bursting to get out of my pants. And with the beer that I had drank I really needed to go to a private place, relieve myself and put my hard cock in a more comfortable position.
"Excuse me ladies, I need to go to the washroom for a minute." I told the group.
"Want any help?" Hono asked and everyone started laughing again, but I don't think she meant it as a joke from the looks she was giving me. As I started to get up I noticed that all the women's eyes had dropped to my crotch.
This made me feel a little uncomfortable, like a high school boy trying to get to the toilet with a hard on without being noticed, but here I was with five beautiful women looking straight at my cock.
I don't know if it was the beer or attitude in the room, but in my mind I said Fuck it! I stood up tall and straight and let them all have a good look before moving pass Yumi, Risa, and then Hono to get to the sliding door.
As I closed the door it seemed like they all broke out at the same time in Japanese and I knew what the topic of conversation was.
I managed to get to the Men's room but had a hard time pissing because my cock was so hard. I thought about jerking off right then and there but figured M Chan had something special up her sleeve for me later in the night, so I just gave myself a few good pulls then tucked my still semi hard cock back into my pants. I washed my hands and opened the door to leave.
I never even got my foot out the door when M Chan stepped in front of me, put her hand on my chest and pushed me back into the washroom.
"I figured your cock might have gotten a little soft and you washed my pussy juice off your fingers. I got to fix that." She said as she pulled open the buttons on my jeans releasing my cock into her waiting mouth.
M knew what she was doing, she grabbed my balls in one hand and swallowed all of my cock down into her throat before I had a chance to protest. Like I was going to say anything anyways.
She really started sucking up and down my cock, like she was going to get me to shot my hot sticky cum into her waiting mouth. My cock was now super hard again and I was really close to giving M Chan some of that dessert that she liked, when suddenly she stood up, smiled this wicked smile at me, before tucking my hard cock back into my pants and buttoning up my jeans.
"Jesus M, what the fuck is going on here?" I almost cried.
"And what's the deal with your friends? I feel like they are going to take me somewhere after this and rape the shit out of me, not that I'd complain." I almost laughed.
M Chan raised her skirt and I could see that her pussy juice was running out of her and that she was very turned on. "I wanted them to see you, I let it slip about how good your fucking me is and how big and hard your cock is.
Yumi and Risa really need to get fucked more and their husbands aren't doing the job.
Hono hasn't had sex in almost a year, the poor thing is busting to get fucked really hard.
And well, Miki and I talk about everything, she's known about you since you made me squirt that first night we went out." M Chan explained.
I stepped up to M and slipped three fingers into her wet pussy so easily. When I rubbed her clit with my thumb, she came and came hard. "Do you want me to fuck all these women? Would it turn you on to watch me make them all cum like I do with you?" I whispered in M's ear as her pussy continued to cum and squeeze my fingers.
I yanked my fingers out of her wet pussy and she almost collapsed right there on the bathroom floor. I held her up and together we licked her juices off my fingers, until she recovered her senses a bit.
"I don't want you to fuck all my friends tonight. I just wanted to open them up to the possibilities of fucking other men and maybe trying some foreign men." M Chan explained to me as we headed back to the waiting ladies.
"Miki already travels all over the world, and loves getting fucked on all her trips. She even did a gang bang in Hawaii last year with six young football players.
It's Yumi, Risa, and Hono that Miki and I are thinking about getting hooked up. If they contact you for something private, please feel free to help them out, you just have to give me all the details after you're done and if you video tape or take any pictures of it, I want to see."
"I'm not a lesbian and I don't really have much interest in having sex with another women, but I do like to watch, and Miki and I talk about and share lots of adventures with each other, but we've never shared sex with a guy at the same time." M Chan concluded just before we reached the door to our dining area.
As I opened the door the four ladies stopped all conversations and were a little quiet, leading me to the conclusion that M and I were the topic of conversation.
As we took our seats, Yumi was the first to speak up. "Did you two just do something in the washroom?"
M Chan took over and explained to the group the she needed to check that everything was all right with me, but Miki pressed her for details.
"Yes, I wanted to taste his big cock and he made me cum with his fingers!" M Chan blurred out making me turn bright red.
"Did you cum in her mouth?" Miki asked me next.
"M Chan, you do that? You take a man's cum in your mouth?" Risa surprised everyone by asking the question before I had a chance to answer Miki's question.
M Chan smiled at Risa and told her that she loves to drink men's cum and that mine tasted kind of cheesy. She continued to explain that men's cum is good for women and good for their skin and that every women should try it.
If they're uncomfortable with the taste then they should just drink it down as it comes out and not to hold it in their mouths.
"You didn't tell us if you drank Jkun's cum just now?" Miki pressed.
I stood up so they all could see my still very hard and big cock sticking my pants out, "Not yet she hasn't, but who knows what's going to happen later!" I smiled.
This made everyone giggle. Yumi wondered if it was okay to have sex with someone else while her husband was away. "Are you horny?" Hono asked.
"Yes, very horny! I finger myself almost every time after we all go out." Yumi replied. It was almost as if I wasn't even present anymore, the ladies started to open up about everything.
"Yumi, do you love your husband?" I asked.
"Yes, very much! He's a good provider and loves our daughter. But I think he has sex in Singapore." Yumi said
"I think you have needs as well as your husband and if you can separate having sex for sexual satisfaction and making love, then you should be able to fuck another man and make yourself cum for your needs. Don't attach love to it and you should be fine." I explained.
"I think M Chan, Miki, and I have all reached that level in our lives and we know what we want and what to do to get it. Does that make any sense to everyone?"
"If you can't bring yourself to do another man, then maybe you should look into getting yourself some toys. They also help when you are with a man, right M?" I continued.
"You don't get jealous when a women wants to use a toy when you're there?" Hono asked quickly.
"No way, I even help and use the toys on her." I replied.
"He's good, too! He makes me cum very hard and I squirt lots when he's using a toy." M Chan added.
"You squirt? Isn't that messy? It's like peeing isn't it?" Risa asked
"No! No way, Risa. It's the strongest orgasm a woman can have if she can let herself get pass the point of thinking that she's going to pee. Yes, it can get messy, but who cares, throw down a bunch of towels. It's not pee, most times it's a very clear liquid.
Sometimes when a women is cumming hard and lots, it can get very creamy like a man's cum. Anyways, it can or should be a very big turn on for a guy knowing that he can do this to a women and give her these feelings." I continued to explain.
"God, this is making me very horny! I have to get out of here and go downtown. Anyone want to join me?" Hono asked while looking me straight in the eye.
"I will." "Me, too!" both Yumi and Risa said at once.
"Looks like you three need to find some guys and a Love Hotel!" Miki laughed.
"What about you three? Interested in coming with us?" Hono pressed.
"Thank you all very much, but I think you all know that I'm going to fuck M Chan as soon as I can. But I'd love to meet up with you all another time. M Chan will give you my email address, won't you M?" I told them as we all started grabbing our coats and getting ready to leave.
After paying, we moved outside and said our good nights. Me getting kissed by the three girls jumping into a cab for their continuing adventure downtown.
M Chan took my left arm and Miki took my right and we headed towards the train station across the streets.
"Miki lives a couple of stops from me so she'll jump on the train with us Jkun." M explained when we got to the platform.
After checking to see what time the next train was coming, Miki told us we had to wait about 30mins.
"What to do until then I wonder?" M Chan replied as she started to rub my hard cock up and down through my jeans.
"Okay M, you've told me all about it, now do I get to see it and touch it or what?" Miki asked while moving other to join us in the dimly lighted bus shelter type area on the end of the train platform.
M Chan smiled up at me as she slowly undid my pants and released my busting cock into the night air. Miki jumped in and dove down to grab my big hard cock in her hands, first feeling how hard I was and then looking my cock up and down judging how big I was.
"Very nice!" Miki said before swallowing the head of my cock into her very warm mouth. She slowly started to take more of my cock into her mouth getting about five inches in before slowly letting it back out again.
She covered my cock in lots of spit and was using her hands to slowly jerk up and down my swollen member.
"What do you think?" M Chan asked as my cock popped out of her friend's mouth. "It's a great cock isn't it? Wait until he gives you his hot sticky cum, it's delicious!" M Chan was purring.
I was lost in the moment and to what was going on here between these two sexy ladies and my cock standing out in public in all its glory.
M Chan quickly filled me in. "Miki here, has been begging me to let her sample your skills, and tonight is her chance. The only rule is that your cum belongs to me, and you have to make me cum while you service her. Deal?"
"Fuck M, deal. But I didn't think you were into women?" I asked.
"I'm not! Miki can eat your cock and you can fuck her pussy or in the ass if that's what she wants, but your mouth and fingers belong to me. You can make me cum using those at the same time Miki can cum using that big hard sexy cock of yours." M explained.
"Have at it, ladies! I'm here to please!" I smiled as M Chan pushed me down unto my back on the waiting bench.
M Chan quickly pulled up her skirt exposing her bald wet pussy pointing out of her panties and moved over to straddle my head and mouth facing away from where her friend Miki was moving my pants down to my knees to give her more room to work my cock over.
I couldn't see anything but M Chan's wet pussy and her beautiful lust filled brown eyes, but I sure as hell could feel Miki using her mouth and hands on my hard cock. Miki could only fit about five inches of my cock into her mouth at most and was using her hands on the remainder of my cock slowly moving up and down while covering my balls and between my legs with her spit.
After only about two minutes of this treatment I felt the cool air on my nuts as Miki got up and moved her legs to either side of my body. I knew she was getting ready to guide my cock into her pussy.
I lifted M Chan up off my mouth and told her to turn around so she could watch as my cock sank into her friend's pussy. Miki rolled a condom down my cock and was positioning the head at the entrance to her wet pussy when M Chan lowered her drenched pussy back onto my waiting mouth.
I moistened my index finger and slowly worked it into M Chan's tight little asshole as I felt my cock rubbing up and down Miki's wet pussy area.
"He's sucking my pussy and fingering my asshole, Miki. Fuck this feels so good. Rub your clit with the head of his big cock and then let it sink into your pussy." M Chan advised Miki before putting her hands on my chest and really starting to move her pussy and ass on my mouth and fingers.
I knew M Chan was getting turned on and it wouldn't be long before she had her first orgasm. Just as I start to concentrate on M, Miki put the head of my cock at her pussy entrance and slowly started taking my cock in.
"Fuck M, his cock head is so big. It feels so good stretching my cunt. Can you see it going in?" Miki groaned.
When I felt the first couple of inches go into Miki's tight wet pussy I slammed the remainder of my cock up into her making her scream and fall forward into M Chan's arms.
Oh...oh...fuck that was good! Your cock is so hard, I can feel it all the way up inside me. God, you are big. Much bigger than the Japanese men that I fuck. Your balls seem bigger, too! Give me a second and then I'll fuck you like a horse, you big hard stud." Miki started moaning.
"Jkun, use your hands on her ass and fuck the shit out of her. Make her cum hard like you do with me, I really want her to enjoy your cock as much as I do. I've told her how good you are and now I want her to have the full experience." M Chan spoke back over her shoulder to me.
I popped my finger out of M Chan's asshole and reach around and grabbed Miki's round ass in both my hands. Then I slowly started to fuck in and out of her pussy.
Miki was very wet like M Chan but her pussy wasn't as tight so this allowed me to really fuck into Miki's pussy hard, deep, and fast.
I couldn't see anything but M Chan's pussy and asshole sliding back and forth on my mouth, but it sounded like my M Chan was kissing with Miki and they were both moaning together loudly.
I moved my left hand up between their bodies to play with their tits but found that they had beaten me to the idea. I could tell that both had their tits exposed and were twisting and squeezing each other's nipples.
I moved my left hand back behind M Chan and slowly work two of my fingers into her tight hot little asshole, and I moved my right hand around so I could get my fingers on Miki's clit and then I really started fucking Miki's wet pussy bouncing her up and down on my cock.
I don't know how long we were like this but I felt Miki's pussy clamp down on my cock and at the same time M Chan's ass tightened on my fingers. I could feel my balls tightening up and my cum was fighting to get out of my cock, but remembered that M Chan had ordered me that my hot cum was hers.
I lifted M Chan up enough to tell her to get off. She leaned towards the inside wall of the shelter so I could slide out from under her. I then grabbed Miki around the waist, lifted her up and turned around and lay her on her back next to M Chan's sexy ass. I told M Chan to turn around and put her face next to Miki's and that I was close to shooting my load.
M spun around and got her face down next to her friends. I started to bang my cock into Miki's pussy as hard and fast as I could waiting for the point of my release.
When Miki grabbed M Chan's face and started sliding her tongue in and around M Chan's mouth and they both started moaning, then M Chan grabbed Miki's nipples and pulled, that triggered my release.
I pulled my cock out of Miki's wet pussy, ripped the condom off, and started climbing up over Miki's shaking body with my cock in my hand.
M Chan saw what was about to happen so she pulled away from Miki's mouth and gave me the room to get my cock between their lips just as my first shot of cum passed between their faces and landed on Miki's left eye and the side of her nose.
My second shot got them both on the tips of theirs noses and my next couple of shots of hot sticky cum landed all over Miki's groaning lips.
As quick as my cock was out of the way, M Chan started kissing and licking Miki's lips, nose, and face taking all of my cum into her mouth before moving back over Miki's open lips to share her salty treasure.
Watching these two sexy hot women tonguing each other's mouths with my white cum all over their lips made my cock jump and stay hard. It was so sexy to see, one lady on her back with hers legs parted and her wet pussy opening and closing for all to see and her beautiful big C cup tits hanging out of her blouse and her nipples pointed up to the sky.
The other beautiful hot lady with her naked ass pointed up in the air and her mouth swapping cum with her best friend while her tits and nipples hung down gently swaying back and forth to her body movements.
"You two bitches are so fucking hot to watch. What do you think M, want to continue back at your Fuck Palace?" I asked as they both took notice of my rock hard cock still pointing towards their cum covered faces.
"I'm up for helping Jkun make you cum so hard that you'll pass out." Miki spoke first. I could see the nervousness in M Chan's eyes but slowly she smiled and asked how much longer the train was going to take.
"It should be here in another couple of minutes." I winked at M Chan as we all started straightening out clothes.
Just as we were presentable the train came around the corner and stopped to pick us up. At that time of night there was no one but us on it going in towards town, the trains we passed coming out of the downtown were packed with partying people.
The three of us cuddled together in the darker rear of the train and talked about how we were going to carry on our session once we got back to M's place.
"I know you're not into girls and pussy licking M but don't worry, you won't do anything you don't feel comfortable doing. I think Jkun and I should just let you lie back and then we'll work your sexy body over and see how hard and how much you can cum. What'd you think Jkun?" Miki asked. She could also tell that M Chan wasn't 100% sold on what she was getting herself into.
"Want to do something crazy right here? Jkun your cock is still super hard so how about you take it out, and M you put your lips to it and I'll take a picture of the two of you and we'll send it to Yumi, Risa, and Hono. Show them how big Jkun's cock really is, that'll make them even hornier." Miki suggested.
This seem to bring to devil out in M Chan, she loved the idea and turned and started undoing my pants and pulling them down enough to get a great view of my rock hard cock and balls.
She then straighten my cock up and put her head on my stomach so my cock was now sticking up straight in front of her red lips and her eyes were looking directly at Miki's Cellphone camera.
Miki took 3 or 4 pictures then she got a couple with M's lips kissing the top of my cock, and then a couple more as M Chan slowly took all of my cock down into her throat.
"Fuck M, that's so fucking sexy. You've got all of that monster in your mouth and throat. Let's text the three of them these pictures and see what they say." Miki said.
This seemed to make M Chan relax a lot and they were like two little girls with a new toy and they picked, attached, and wrote their message to the other three ladies from earlier.
Once the text was sent, they slowly but reluctantly fixed my big hard cock back into my pants and got ready for us to get off the train.
We had just gotten into M Chan's dance studio when the chirping on Miki's phone let us know that we had received a reply from our friends from earlier in the night.
We sat down on M's dance floor and opened the message to read what the others had to say. Miki passed the phone to M and she started to read us the message. Miki and I started to rub M's back and legs and very slowly started to undress her.
"My god is that Jkun's cock? It's huge compared to my husband's" Yumi
"Did you take that on a train? Did Miki take these pictures?" Risa
"Where are you guys now? Is Jkun still with you? Who got to fuck that monster? What did it feel like? I wish I could give that big hard cock a try!" Hono
"M Chan how can you get all of that big thing into your mouth?" Risa
"How much cum does he have in those big balls of his?" Yumi
"M Chan do you really take all of that in your ass? Does it hurt?" Hono
"Do you want to reply?" I asked M Chan as I slipped my fingers inside her blouse and started pinching and pulling her nipple. Miki was undoing the blouse so she could get the other nipple into her mouth.
"Oh...ah...fuck it. They can wait, we'll send them some more pictures later. You two are making me so wet." M Chan moaned.
This was the clue that Miki and I needed to let us know that M was ready and that we were to continue.
I managed to get M out of her skirt and get her soaking wet open crotch panties off. Miki had M blouse off down around her wrists and was sucking away on both of M Chan hard pointy nipples.
We got M to lie back and I got between her legs and got my mouth on her dripping wet pussy and asshole.
I licked slowly from her puckered asshole up to the bottom of her open wet pussy, driving my tongue in and out as I continued to lick up towards her hard little clit.
"Oh... Fuck Jkun your tongue feels so good... Miki bite my nipples, that's it... Jesus I'm so wet... I'm so close to cumming... Jkun put your finger in my ass... Fuck my ass like you did earlier..."M Chan was moaning and getting close to having another orgasm.
I saw Miki move away from M's nipples and move to take a picture as I slide my fingers into M's tight little asshole.
I dipped my index finger into M Chan's wet pussy and got it good and lubed then I moved it down and slowly started working it into her tight little asshole.
All the while Miki was taking pictures with her phone and texting them to the other girls.
I next turned around into the 69 position and put my cock on M Chan's lips. She tilted her head back and slowly swallowed my full cock into her mouth and throat and then back out again.
I looked up to see Miki rubbing her pussy but still taking pictures.
I smiled into her camera as M Chan drank my cock back into her throat and my fingers were fucking into her pussy and ass at the same time making M's pussy cream out loads of thick white pussy juice coating my fingers and hand.
"Oh... Fuck I'm cumming... I'm going to fucking squirt hard... Jkun take your fingers out of my pussy, here it comes..." M Chan screamed after letting my cock pop out of her mouth.
Just as I pulled my hand away from M's pussy and ass she let go with a long high stream of clean pussy juice all over Miki, but this didn't stop Miki from taking lots of pictures.
I rolled off of M Chan and got up and walked into the dressing room looking for our sex bag with all the toys and other things in it. When I returned M Chan and Miki where looking at the phone and giggling away.
"What's so funny?" I asked as I sat on the floor next to them.
"I think Yumi and Hono are going to rape Risa tonight." M Chan laughed.
"They've been looking at the pictures I've been sending them and they are all very horny now.
The ones of you looking into the camera as your cock disappears into M's throat and then your fingers fucking into M's ass and pussy and finally M Chan squirting all over me has driven them nuts.
They wanted to come over here and watch you give it to M Chan but instead they got themselves a Love hotel room and some toys. Look what they just texted back." Miki said as she showed me the phone and a picture of Hono with her tits out sucking on her left nipple while Yumi pulled on her right one and had her hand up under Hono skirt doing god only knows what to her pussy.
"And guess who must have taken the picture!" M Chan laughed.
"Want to give them some more to look at?" I asked M Chan as I started to rub her pussy again and bent over to suck one of her hard nipples into my mouth. I realized the Miki was being left out so I looked up at M Chan and motioned towards Miki.
The next thing I knew Miki was latched onto M's other nipple and her fingers were working in and out of M's pussy next to mine.
"M do you want me in your pussy before I fuck you in the ass with my cock?" I asked as I got up from the girls going at it on the floor.
"Pussy first, ass after..." M Chan moaned. "Get on your back and let me fuck you, please."
I laid down on my back and let M Chan come over and slowly squat down over my cock. Miki reached over and took my cock in her hand and held it straight up so M Chan could put her hands on her knees and slowly push down and take my cock up into her tight wet pussy.
When M bottomed out on my cock I motioned for Miki to come and sit on my face so that she could watch me fuck my cock in and out of M's pussy this time.
The difference being that M had a system for fucking me this way. I bent my knees up behind her back so she could rest her arms back on them and this helped give her something to lift her body up and down on.
As M Chan found her rhythm and really started fucking my cock in and out of her wet pussy, I reached my hands behind Miki's ass and spread them open so I could work my tongue into her. She really seemed to enjoy this as she tried to work more and more of my tongue up her asshole.
"That's it baby, ream my ass with the tongue. Fuck you're good at that." Miki groaned.
Then I felt M Chan shift her weight forward on my cock and the next thing I knew I could feel fingers going in and out of Miki's pussy next to my tongue in her ass.
"Fuck my pussy with your fingers M. That's it honey work those fingers...Oh...oh...Fuck this is so good. I'm going to cum. Ah..." I heard Miki squeal at the same time I felt her ass tighten on my tongue.
She started bucking and rolled off of me onto the floor next to M Chan and I. She was shaking and twitching so hard I thought that she was having a seizure.
"Jkun, do you want to fuck my ass now, I'm so ready for it." M Chan told me as her eyes started to glass over.
"Sure my sexy little bitch... Do you want to reverse cowgirl on me or would you like me to drill you from the doggie position?" I asked M Chan as my cock slipped out of her pussy all coated in her wet juices.
"Just stay like you are, I'll fuck you from the top. I want Miki to fuck my pussy with the big black double header when she's ready." M Chan told me as she turned herself around and slowly worked my big hard cock into her asshole. It slipped in really easily with all of M's pussy juice covering it.
I could see Miki now kneeing in front of M's pussy and I could feel her working that big black dildo into M's pussy next to my cock.
"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST! My cunt and ass are so full...This is so fucking good... OH GOD fuck the shit out of me you two... I'm going to cum so fucking hard... FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! Lick my clit you fucking bitch! Get your fucking mouth on me...Jesus Miki I am going to squirt all over your face...Oh Fuck this is so fucking good..." M Chan was screaming as she was bucking her ass up and down hard on my cock and I could feel Miki ramming the big black dildo in and out of M"s pussy.
I couldn't see Miki any longer so I guess her head was down sucking on M's clit like she had been ordered to do.
I popped my cock out of M's ass and rolled out from under her to see Miki driving the black dildo into M's wet pussy and licking her clit like a staving puppy.
"No Jkun. Pleaseee...I need your cock back in my ass...Pleaseee I am so close to going over the edge in a big way...I need something in my ass..." M Chan pleaded with me.
"I know my sexy little slut. I got something special for you. Just wait a moment, you'll see." I told M Chan as I reached into our bag for one of her big vibrating butt plugs.
I lubed it up and reached under her bucking hips and worked the plug up into her ass before turning on the vibrator.
Then I set my phone camera up to record all the action in video mode. Then I stepped over Miki and positioned my rock hard cock in front of M Chan's face.
I slowly started to jack my cock off in front of M Chan's eyes as she pounded up and down on the suction cupped butt plug in her ass as Miki drove the big black dildo into M's soaking wet pussy while sucking on her clit.
I knew M wasn't going to last long with this much stimulation going on to her body.
"Jesus I'm cumming! Jesus I'm cumming! JESUS FUCKING SHIT HERE IT CUMS! Oh...Ah... Fuck!" M Chan screamed as her pussy exploded with pussy juice squirting everywhere.
All over Miki's face and hair, all over the floor and mirrors in the dance studio. Everything was getting a good covering from all the juice squirting out of M's cumming pussy.
When she tilted her head back and her mouth opened in a silent scream I drove my cock in and started shooting string after string of hot sticky cum into the back of her mouth.
My cock kept cumming and cumming until my hot jizz filled M's mouth and it started to run down the side of her cheeks.
"Holy shit that was so fucking hot. I came from just watching you two cum." Miki moaned from her position stretched out on the floor.
M Chan was laying on her back in front of Miki with her legs up to her chest and the big black butt plug still sticking out of her tight asshole, and my white sticky cum all over her mouth, lips, cheeks, and chin. She wasn't saying a word but twitching now and again as another orgasm raced over her body.
I was standing over the two of them with my softening cock in my hand and a little bit of cum dripping off the ends. My legs were shaky and I had to sit down.
Miki rolled over and took my slowly softening cock into her mouth and started to suck my now soft cock clean and trying to get what cum from me that she could get.
Then she got up and moved over to where I had set up the phone and stopped the recording. She then hit the play button to see what we had captured on the video.
"Holy fuck guys, you aren't going to believe hot fucking hot this scene is. Jesus M Chan, it looks like you are going to drown me with all that juice shooting out of your pussy, and Jkun, I didn't know a guy could shot that much cum out of his cock." Miki moaned as she watched the screen.
"The girls have got to see this. They'll never believe me if I told them what I witnessed." Miki spoke as she texted the video to Honoka's phone.
I slowly pulled the butt plug out of M's tight squeezing asshole, then I picked her up in my arms and carried her to her office and put her on the small sofa she keeps there for taking a nap on when she had a long day of dancing.
I covered her in the blankets that we keep around for when we are fucking. Turned off the lights and closed the door. I knew M Chan was done for the night and that she wouldn't move until the next morning.
I got Miki to help me clean up as best we could, and then offered her ride home. Miki locked up M's studio with the hidden key and then jumped into my car for the ride to her place. She only lived about 5 minutes away so it was a quick ride.
I could see that she had something on her mind, so I told her to not be shy and just spit it out. "I came good a couple of times tonight, but nothing like you did to M Chan. Jesus that was intense. I've never seen anyone pass out like M Chan did and the way she gushed out all that pussy juice was crazy. Do you think you could do that to me sometime soon?" She asked while looking at my crotch and licking her lips.
"I could try if M Chan doesn't mind. But tonight I'm finished. M Chan and I had a pretty intense fucking together before meeting up with you ladies tonight, then I had another cum while waiting for the train, and that last one nearly knocked me out as well. I have nothing left. I'm spent, I don't even think I could get my cock hard again if I wanted to. How about you talk it over with M Chan and see if she'll set us up for another go and the next time I'll work on you like I did with M." I said.
Miki leaned over and kissed me, slipping her tongue in around mine before breaking the kiss and telling me good night before opening the door and sliding out of my car.
I backed out and head across town to my place.
Just before I pulled into my driveway my phone started buzzing letting me know there was a text message waiting for me. I parked my car and open the text waiting on my phone.
"OH MY GOD! The video you sent to my phone was fucking crazy! Jesus, do you and M Chan always fuck like that? I've never seen two people cum all over the place like that before. I really want you to do all of that to me soon. I want to fuck your big hard cock in my pussy. I want to try and squeeze it into my tight virgin ass. And I really want you to make me squirt, I've never experienced that kind of orgasm before, but after seeing what it did to M Chan I want to try it." A very horny Honoka.
Attached is a video of what your video made me do to myself after watching your guys go at it.
I open the attached video to see Honoka sitting back naked on a bed with her legs spread wide and her fingers playing with a sweet bald pussy.
I could see her juices flowing freely down to the crack of her ass and her fingers rubbing her clit like crazy. I could hear her moaning and calling my name as she ran a finger in and out of her asshole.
Just as she started to cum she pulled the finger out of her ass and her other hand from her pussy and started to pull and twist her hard pointy nipples like crazy. Jesus, she did have a great set of big tits on her with large dark nipples.
As I closed out the video, I couldn't help but think, what has M Chan gotten me into. Miki wants me to fuck her, now young Honoka wants me to give it to her, and I'm sure Yumi and Risa had plans for my cock but hadn't let me in on them just yet.
Fucking M Chan regularly and servicing my wife at least three times a week was great. Taking on more horny women was going to be the death of me. But what a way to go.
Maybe I should start looking around for some help from the younger ALTs coming into the country to teach for a couple of years before returning back to their home countries. I'm sure there must be enough cock to go around and satisfy all the pussy coming my way.
I was however looking forward to hearing from Yumi and Risa to see what they had in mind. This was going to be a 150 plus fuck year for me for sure.