The room I was sleeping in was at very the top of the house, on the third floor, up in the attic. It had been another gloriously hot summer's day and this beautiful old 18th century stone built chateau still radiated heat from it's core. As the only ventilation was from a small skylight which was already propped open as far as it would go, the room was very warm. The night was still and there was little or no breeze. There was a near full moon and the light from it dimly illuminated my room in an eerie way. An owl hooted from somewhere out in the gardens. The heat meant that it was near to impossible to sleep.
Seemingly even warmer than the previous night, I lay on the single bed in the middle of the room with just my pyjama trousers on. with no covers over me. Eventually, I must have dozed off. Then something must have woken me. I found I was soaked in sweat. The heat now a little less severe than earlier, bit it was still very warm. I could just hear the church clock in the village nearby chime 2 o'clock. I had been asleep for almost three hours. Feeling more tired than when I first came up to bed, I was on the point of falling asleep again when I heard a faint noise from the room next door. The walls up here were thin, being made from tongue and groove wood taken from the chestnut tree.
My step uncle had explained that this was common in this part of France. Chestnut wood was in plentiful abundance in the surrounding forests, so it made it a perfect choice to use this timber when it came to building one of these lovely old chateaux. It is also a wood that was not favoured by spiders, so no cobwebs to clean. The moon, had shifted position. This meant that my room was now in almost complete darkness. As I peered almost blindly about me, I was about to reach out for the bedside light, when I saw something. I could just make out a weak beam of light emanating from a small hole in the thin wooden wall. It must have been a knot hole. Where the wood had dried over the years, the knot must have eventually fallen out to leave a hole of I guess two inches or so in diameter.
Over the years, I had slept in this room countless times and it seemed strange that I had never noticed the hole before. Someone, may be my aunt (not really my aunt, but she was married to my father's step brother who was now separated from her), must have rearranged the furniture, thereby exposing the hole. Although, I must admit, there was not a great deal to rearrange as the room was pretty spartan. Well intrigued by the noise, which I then heard again, I gingerly climbed out of bed. Stealthily, I crept towards the hole and crouching down to waist height I put my eye up to the hole to take a peek. I strained as I peered through into the murkiness that lay behind.
The room on the other side of the wall was dimly lit by the moon. Whilst it was not illuminated quite as well as mine had been earlier, when I squinted, I could see that this room which I'd never set foot in, was identical to the one I occupied. At some time it must have been one large attic room and it had been divided into two to provide extra guest bedrooms if they were needed.
I heard the noise again, but through the hole it sounded like a soft moan. Squinting harder I strained my eye scanning through the poor light of the room. But I could see some furniture, a wardrobe a wash stand and large chest of drawers. As my right eye blurred a little with the straining, I switched eyes. Using my other one I continued my survey of the room.
At first, I could not see a bed and thought that perhaps no one was in there. Peering to the very left, I saw what at first I thought were rags strewn on the floor. But as I looked and looked, it appeared as though they were articles of clothing. Just thrown in a small heap. Then as my left eye became more accustomed to the lack of light, I saw a bed. Looking harder I could now see someone lying on it. I pulled away from my observation point.
Although I was certain I could not be discovered, my eye was beginning to feel a bit painful. So I waited for a few minutes and rested. Once refreshed, I peeked through the hole once more in the direction of the bed. Either I was more used to the subdued lighting or the moon had moved a little, either way I could now see slightly better than before. I could faintly make out the outline of a woman, unmistakably, with beautiful curvaceous undulating lines. Whoever it was lying on their side facing away from me. From what I could see they appeared to be totally naked or with very little clothing and apparently fast asleep as they lay completely still.
As I continued to watch, entranced, I then heard another not quite so soft moan. Definitely not of a man but now clearly that of a young woman. It must have been one of the two sisters, either Bernadette or Monique. Although they were very similar in appearance and very pretty, they could not have been more different in character. Like chalk and cheese, black and white. Just one year separated them in age. Monique was the younger and had just had her eighteenth birthday.
Bernadette had just broken up with her fiance, Michel, after a long term relationship had faltered. She had recently moved back to her parent's house. She had left Michel, her childhood sweetheart and now a top level young, bright fashion designer at their luxury apartment in Paris a few days before I arrived after she had found him embedded in one of the models at a fashion show. His plea telling her that he still loved her and that the woman she had caught him fucking meant nothing, went on deaf ears. Bernadette moved out the following day.
Believing that she was still asleep and tossing and turning in her dreams, I lost interest. I was just about to move away and go back to my own bed, when unmistakably I saw movement as she turned over. She rolled over from her side, to lay on her back. This gave me a formidable perspective of her gorgeous body and what she was doing. She was pleasuring herself. I could now see that her right hand was firmly positioned between her legs. The other hand was on her breasts which fondled, cupped and squeezed them.
Her glowing sweat covered body, her breasts and swollen nipples like corks were magnificently silhouetted by the moonlight. From my voyeur angle, low down, I was on a level with her. The outline of her exquisite form looked so sexy and vulnerable as she lay there in her bed, writhing and squirming as she thrilled herself. In the poor light I could still not see who it was, but I guessed it must have been Bernadette, as Monique who still lived here with her mother, would probably have had one of the more permanent bedrooms downstairs on the first floor.
Now taking increased interest, I continued with my naughty, secret voyeurism. As I watched she became intensively aroused (I must admit, as I did as pre cum oozed from my hardness). Opening her legs impossibly wide to spread eagle herself, she removed her hand from her breasts and now played both of them over her lower body. Her body, glistened with sweat, bucked and twisted, her back arched as she pushed herself towards an unstoppable orgasm. Her right hand was now almost a blur as she ferociously rubbed and stimulated her clitoris while her left drove in and out of her, manipulating and further stimulating her sodden vagina. The wet sopping noise this made, I could clearly hear.
The orgasm built deep, deep inside her and approached like an express train at full speed. Her beautiful body began to convulse in fast jerky spasm movements. Writhing and squirming, her back arched painfully and she finally came. Not wishing to finish, the blur of her hand on herself slowed and eased to a more sedate pace. Her other hand continued it's work on her vagina and with another small shiver she came again with a spectacular micro orgasm to round things off. If I had not been awake I certainly would have been now as the noise she made, well it was far from quiet. Even I was exhausted and all I'd done was watch this wonderful event.
I moved away, as my eyes were now stinging because of all the punishment I'd put them through. I had the erection of my life and needed to take care of it. Clumsily, just before I got back into my bed I stumped my toe on the metal foot of the bed just before I got in. It made me swear under my breath, which I cursed myself for doing as whoever was next door would almost certainly have heard me.
With my toe throbbing and now lying on my bed I consoled myself by removing my pyjama trousers. Taking my other aching very erect member in hand, I started recalling the display I had just witnessed. My balls were so very tight and painful. My penis badly wanted to shoot it's seed. Thinking of her laying there, pleasuring herself like that, I assumed the same spread eagled position I had seen her take a short while earlier. Not wanting to spoil this, I slowly worked myself up (although I did not have far to go), using one hand to stroke my erect oozing member and the other left free to run over my body, my abdomen, my nipples, my chest, just as I had seen her do. With my foreskin already fully pulled back, I worked my oozing body fluid all around and over my glans and as there was so much, down and around the whole length, almost half way down to my testicles, covering the upper part of my shaft in a wet shiny sheen. I closed my eyes and dreamt that I was inside her. Grasping my slippery shaft, I began to buck my body, up and down, gently raising and lowering my lower body as if I was fucking her. Nature quickly took it's course. No matter how long I wanted it to last, within a few seconds my body quivered and convulsed, my buttocks clenched and I erupted, spurting semen high, high up, to land and splatter all over my sweating body. It was the best, most powerful and fulfilling orgasm I'd had in all my eighteen years. My wicked penis continued it's contortions, pulsating and pumping for around a minute, before it finally rested, spent.
There were no tissues to clean myself and I'd never known me produce so much sperm. Not wanting to mess up the bed, I was forced to sleep on my back, covered in my own semen. The toilet was on the floor below and there was no way I could go down like this. Within a few seconds I was falling asleep. But a fraction before the sandman came, I heard a very slight moan again from next door. I strained to hear more sounds, but no, there was nothing. Probably my imagination I thought and I fell into a deep sleep.
The following morning I was woken at seven by the sound of the birds singing to their heart's content outside. Between my adventures, I had had a good nights sleep and felt really refreshed. With my abundant sticky semen now dry on my body, I dressed myself and headed to the bathroom on the floor below to take a shower.
"Damn," I thought, "someone was already in there."
That left the bathroom on the ground floor. Hoping that I would not run into anyone on my way, who should I meet, than none other than Bernadette. She saw me, gave me a beautiful smile and said in her sexy broken English,
"Did you sleep OK William?"
I replied that I had but I found it very hot.
" Yes," she agreed, "It was almost too warm. I too had trouble getting my sleep, but I found a way." She flashed a wicked smile and continued.
"You sleep in the room on top, yes? Remember, William there are always two ways to look through a hole. The shower is free now. I think you need to take one, oui?"
At that, I blushed and after giving me a sexy smile, she disappeared in the flimsiest of yellow cotton summer dresses, out to the garden with Sam, the family golden retriever fondly waddling along behind. The sun was already shining just as strongly as it had done yesterday.
During Bernadette's conversation, it slowly dawned on me that the noise I heard just before I fell asleep, must have been real and not my imagination after all. She must have heard me curse and wanted to know who it was. Then, saucily I thought, she must have peaked through the hole to watch me the same way I had done to watch her. Bernadette must have seen my full performance in all my naked glory. My bed, with the erotic display I had performed on myself, in the position it had been placed in the room, would have been clearly visible to her, even in the subdued light.
The thought of her watching me made me blush again and I felt my penis swell to full hardness.
I wondered if the thought of me watching her had had the same effect on Bernadette?
I was to find out soon.