"I wanna go dancing. My only problem is I'm barely 18. How can I get into a club? Fake I.D.? I could probably find someone who could sneak me into one. Sure. That's the ticket. I'll just put a feeler out to my dozens of horny studs that I need access to where the real party is. I mean come on who doesn't wanna see Violet dance and shake her booty? I'll wear something so risqué and scandalous that even bouncers won't say no to me. I can be a bouncer too. LOL!
Hang on guys, let me send a mass text to the boy toys. Two seconds I promise...okay that was two minutes. Still with me? Good! I knew you wouldn't leave me. You love me. Well, I love you too. ALL OF YOU. The feeler is out there so it's only a matter of...YEP! Texts already...hold on let me check their replies. Six just that fast, the visual in their heads make them follow me like lost puppies. I know I'm sounding really conceited these days, but come on, THEY CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF ME. LOL! I'm in demand. Everyone wants to know the club so they can meet me there. Uhhhh! Need a way in guys, wherever I go. I think they forget my age.
Ooooo! This text looks promising. One of Mitch's friends, you remember him from the bus right? Then, his friends car ride? This guy was the car driver. Anyway, he just told me he knows bouncers out by the airport at that night club called Sindiana. I've heard from the Larabee brothers that the place is wild. Those guys would logically be my way in, but darn it I don't want to be tied by their rules. I need to be free of being controlled. I...oh boy...how did that mass text end up getting to my brother Chad? I swore I had him in a different list. Grrrr! If he tells my Dad there goes this idea. Hmmm! Chad knows a bartender there. Why is he volunteering to get me in? I mean he did watch me get fucked over Dad's car hood and recorded me, with Dad outside threatening the guy. I did tell him to show his friends. I made my own bed. I just don't want my brother in that bed. LOL! Ewww! Last resort Chad. Let me text Mitch's friend solo. Can't risk Chad. Unless I have no choice.
Alright, now Mitch's friend is sending a text to the bouncer. I told him to send the guy some video of me. LOL! Hopefully that gives him enough of a nudge to sneak me in. Guys will be guys. Who doesn't like a girl who could be that porn fetish they all desire? I have a rocking body, my attitude goes above and beyond the call of booty. LOL! Sure there's things I want out of my sexual life, but I'm also the giver. Mostly giver, let them taker type. Yet I want to occasionally get my own way. That gets ripped out from under me a lot. Guys take over and I fall in to their line. Someday I'll get my way. Yeah, someday. Sigh!!
I might as well get showered up and looking beautiful. Too bad I don't have a good camera to record my showering, you know like those Chaturbate websites. I should check into that, I'm sure my fans would help fund that operation. Get me a really good computer to compete with all those millions of other random sluts wanting guys to pay their rent. LOL! Hmmm! I love my home, but there's a thought...maybe I should look for a place of my own so I can do whatever I want. Innnnteresting! Posing with an index finger on my cheek. LOL! You know I look cute.
The club everyone seems to be recommending is Sindiana like I said earlier. It's out by the airport somewhere. Never been there and it's on its second year open I guess. I just looked it up on my phone, pics look awesome, the dance floor is hopping and the lightshow is beautiful. Yep, just played a video. Holy crap there's a lot of people there. Guys and girls. Hot girls at that. LOL! I'll fit right in. Oooo! Loving some of the cute dresses. I love this dress on a sexy blond, it's red and has slits all over it, revealing skin from chest to thigh. I'm whistling at her. LOL! She's got really tanned long legs, her butt cheeks are hanging out. I'm sooooo jealous. I need a new wardrobe. I do have a few outfits that are similar but none with as many rips in the dress as hers. My dresses that I got from that adult bookstore from Santa a month or so back are in line with this girls. I wonder...scissor time? Can I not ruin a perfectly good dress? Ok, let me go shower Peeps. You wish you could don't you? LOL! Peep that is. I'll work on that for you guys. Be back in thirty minutes or so, gotta shave my legs, coochie too. Muah!
See? I'm back...okay it took forty minutes. LOL! I'm wearing a lavender towel just for the record. Gotta go downstairs and raid Mom's sewing kit for scissors. You can come with me, nobody else is home right now. Drop the towel? I love your evil minds. FREE AT LAST. LOL! Keep up, don't lose sight of my tight little ass. Down the staircase I go, you like my bobbing titties don't you? OMG! I get so wet knowing you readers picture me doing this.
Ugh! She moved the sewing kit. I looked all over and guess what? It was in her bedroom all along. It still feels weird after what David and the boys did to her in here without her knowing. As much as it felt wrong I guess I can understand David's twisted version of getting even. I don't hate him. Truth be told I'm pretty darn fond of the guy. Mom made her bed, they just tore the bed up.
Alright, back in my own bedroom now, time to butcher a perfectly good dress just so I look sexier in it. I found a really cool outfit online I'm using as a template, if I don't screw it up. Horizontal slit's all the way down the front in what I'll call windows. Right down to pubic territory. Wearing a G-string you can see the patch at the top and the strings over my hips. IF I wear one. LOL! You know me, I like taking things as far a I can. Spoiled little me, that means all the way. Pretty freakin' revealing. Guys are gonna wanna rip this off my body for sure. Sounds like a plan. LOL!
Maybe I have a future as a fashion designer. So far so awesome. Cut, cut, slit. Cut, cut, slit. LOL! Sadly I shed a tear the more this perfectly good dress was defiled. I'll just go online and buy a replacement that I won't shred. Sacrifices to the Slut Gods must be made. Almost done. The front looks incredible, the back and sides need a little work here and there. Gotta be careful to space these cuts out or it's gonna start looking droopy. The dress is tight normally, but the more I slice windows it loosens up. Too much and it might look sloppy. Test run lets put this whore on and see the damage and where I need to cut next. Gotta be careful or I'll rip it myself. MMMMM! Scrumptious. The lowest curves of my fabulous tits can be seen. If I stretch my arms over my head like I know I'll do when I'm dancing the fabric lifts higher, my nips are the only thing keeping the areola from peeking through. Thank goodness I have really thick nips for support. LOL!
Probably a good thing I didn't slash any lower over my twat area, the skirt hugs my hips as it is. Hmmm? Dare I slit the sides more? Maybe a triangle window right where my G-string bands should be? If I screw the triangle up the dress is going in the trash. Seems fair when the trash is going into the dress. LOL! Yeah, some people probably think I'm trash. So be it. I'm me. If I wasn't a lot of you readers wouldn't be coming back every chapter to see...hear...envision my exploits...YOU LOVE ME.
Measuring my triangles while wearing the dress is not easy. Honestly, it's as bad as cutting blindly, but at least it gives me a close idea where the cuts will lay, and match with the other hip. Ooooo! Triangular ruler in my desk, I can use that to just trace around and approximate. Me so clever. Done! Snip, snip. HOLY SHIT I'm a genius. As long as none of these thread out too early I can wear this beauty at least twice. That is if the boys don't get too handy and wreck it. Who am I kidding? LOL! This dress won't make it halfway through the night. Which brings up a good question...what do I wear after the dress gets ripped up? OH I KNOW...JIZZ. LOL! I'm going to take a huge risk...not taking any change of clothes with me. I don't want to drag a bag around. Clutch purse for cell, money, and hmmm! I don't need money, let the guys buy me drinks. I'm sure I can get a ride home.
Dang it! There's just too much covering my ass. I know every cut I make is risky but I need some windows back here too. Time to look up more dress styles for ideas. YEP! Found one. Shit, her whole ass is hanging out. I really don't think I could get away with that in Indy, maybe Miami. LOL! Let's just slice a few ribbons over my ass and go with it. Here goes. Ehhh! Not bad, at least my butt crack is visible from top to near the bottom. It's laying loose but what the hell, I'm loose. LOL!
My cell has been blowing up while I've been tailoring my purple dress here. Yeah, I know Violet wearing purple, go figure. Mom was right I do look good in purple, I just can't live in it every day, thus the yellow nails. My slasher job could be better but its not bad for an amateur. Trust me, as I was looking through dress ideas I saved a few online dresses to buy once I find the money. Guys would buy me those I guarantee. I better check my cell.
Jeepers! Fifty two messages. Gimme a minute people, okay ten minutes, UGH! Mitch's friend says the Bouncer is making calls. Chad says the Bartender he knows is supportive. Good start. I guess I'd be cool if Chad went as long as he doesn't start cockblocking me. Matter of fact lets get that point across to him here and now. IF YOU GO NO COCKBLOCKING BIG BROTHER. I DO WHAT I WANT AND YOU WILL NOT STOP ME. UNDERSTOOD? We'll see how well that goes over. Better add DAD DOES NOT FIND OUT.
Well what do you know, Chad just said NO PROBLEM VI, DO YOUR THING I'LL JUST BE YOUR BODYGUARD. Nope! YOU WILL NOT GET IN MY WAY BUDDY. I DON'T WANT A BODYGUARD. I WANT GUYS THAT AREN'T AFRAID TO TAKE FULL ADVANTAGE OF ME. IF YOU GO ALONG YOU JUST WATCH, NOTHING MORE. This is not gonna work. He's gonna get in my way I just know it. Hmmm? He replied back with I'LL HELP YOU GET GUYS. LOL! As if I need help. AS IF I NEED HELP. I typed. MY FRIENDS WANT YOU. He added. Now he has my attention.
THEY BUY ME DRINKS AND MAKE ME GET NASTY. I insisted, with his response being SIX DICKS IF YOU WANT THEM. Hell yes I want them. ONLY SIX? LOL! I KNOW YOU HAVE MORE FRIENDS THAN THAT. He just kept telling me what I wanted to hear. I wasn't sure whether to buy into what he was telling me so I told him I'd meet him there. Still, waiting on that Bouncer to message me. I could get twenty rides easy without Chad. Speak of the devil, Bouncer just hit me up.
HEY VIOLET THIS IS CALVIN. I'M THE BOUNCER AT SINDIANA. YOU WANT IN I'LL GET YOU IN. SAW SOME VIDEO YOU'RE HOT AS FUCK. He wrote. HI CALVIN. WANNA SEE WHAT I'M WEARING TONIGHT? Of course he did so I took some selfies and mass texted them to all my dreamboats. Bouncer boy loved them. So did the fifty plus guys I messaged. LOL! Let's really get them going. Video time. Starting out with my face I gave them all a pep talk by saying I HOPE YOU CAN ALL COME OUT AND DANCE WITH ME. I PROMISE TO LOSE MY DRESS ON THE DANCE FLOOR AS LONG AS EVERYONE PROTECTS ME. WAIT! DON'T PROTECT ME I WANT HANDS ALL OVER ME. EVERYWHERE. I REPEAT...EVERYWHERE. HERE...I pointed at my chest...HERE...my ass...HERE...my pussy...HERE...my throat...EVERYWHERE IN BETWEEN. I NEED TO SEE ALL OF YOUR DICKS AT THE CLUB. I WANT TO ABUSE THEM. I wagged my tongue seductively. GET ME DRUNK AND TAKE ME BOYS. A blown kiss I sent the video to all of them.
FUCK! Sent it to my brother. He replied with EVEN ME? LOL! I shook my head knowing trouble was on the horizon. I typed WE'LL SEE back to just him. I'll just mess with his head, the one on his shoulders, not the one between his legs. LOL! While my brother isn't a bad looking guy, it's just too weird thinking of him and I playing together, gotta be reallllllly drunk. LOL! That and my biggest fear is him telling Dad that he had me. Actually, after Dad caught me last week n the street and paddled my bottom, Chad's NOT my biggest fear. Trying not to go there people. The whole Mom thing still bothers the hell out of me. What's next my Grampa? Shit! Gotta stop talking about things like that or I'm gonna ruin my night.
Holy crap! Every guy on my cell was getting nasty. Just the way I like it. Things like YOUR CUNT IS MINE. RAMMING MY DICK DOWN YOUR THROAT. ANAL ON THE DANCE FLOOR, OH YEAAAAH. I loved that one. LOL! Anal has become a fetish these days. Since the Larabee's took my virgin ass the last few times I've come to enjoy it. I'm ready for more. Tonight I get what I want. So do they. LOL! Which reminds me, packing lube. LOL! No condoms so I hope telling these nasty boys to bring some they listen. Birth control only goes so far. I'm sure not ready to be singing a lullaby. Again...stop thinking bad thoughts Violet. Grrrr!
Okay Bartender and Bouncer said I'm in. They talked to other bouncers about it and showed me off. All they told me was if for any reason things got too rough that I take it elsewhere. The bar has had it's fair share of hot girls going all the way or at the very least showing off. If any cops show up they even told me they have a hiding spot for me. Good thing I'm not a big girl. LOL! Let me guess...Bosses office? LOL! Alright people, it's a go. Time to do my make up and smell like cotton candy. My rides gonna be here in thirty minutes. Not my brother, I told him to meet me there with his friends. No underwear is gonna be so lib...noticed. LOL! I LOVE IT.
By 9:00 I managed to sneak out of the house without Mom and David noticing. They were in the hot tub again so it was easy enough to slip past and out the front door. On my way out I notice a few of my neighbors walking their dogs so while I waited on my rides I showed off my dress. The guys outside had seen me the weekend I made my rounds on the street. Of course they loved it. I had my ass felt up a bit, careful not to destroy my dress too soon. Gotta keep my options happy. LOL! Ride's here gotta jet Homies.
The guys picking me up are Neal and Bob...just kidding LOL! Their names are really Neal and Jack. Just as bad huh? LOL! I slay myself. With odds like that I'm gonna have too much fun tonight. Sharing the front seat between them, of course the teasing started. Them teasing me though, I let them rub my legs and inner thighs. I asked them to keep my dress intact until later. I really wanted to look hot going in and naked coming out. LOL! Come on people the dress won't survive more than two hours. I'm counting on it being ripped from my body on the dance floor and really get the party started. Cross your fingers it lasts awhile at least.
It took Neal twenty minutes or so to reach the airport area, traffic was horrible because there was a KISS concert in Noblesville and it was sold out, so cars were freaking everywhere. We reached Sindiana and it was packed, so we had to park three blocks away. HELL YES! That means body heat to body heat. Neal was Mitch's friend, the one who knew the Bouncer, so luckily he had it set for me to avoid the long lines by going in the back door. All he had to do was text ahead and the Bouncer would have someone let us in. Cough! Cough! Smokers out back. A short but super cute black girl let us in, she sized me up with a MEOW! Wanting to put on a good impression I kissed her on the lips. Who needs to go to Nobleville to get KISS? LOL! She loved it and told me to find her later. She was a waitress so she had to get back to serving. I like serving too. LOL!
Guiding me through the back hallways near the clubs managerial office, Shandra, that's the waitresses name led Neal, Jack, and I out into the club itself. Music booming loudly to Techno music made me immediately get into my dancing groove. Before I got too far though a pair of Bouncers approached us, one shaking hands with Neal, he introduced me to them but the music was so deafening I couldn't get a name. I'll just call him Bruiser, he was freaking huge, not tall so much as biceps on top of biceps. Mr. Universe here was cute though, bald, well groomed goatee, chest hair, and tattoos all over. Honestly, he was a bit intimidating. Sizing me up Bruiser got hands on with me right off, twirling me in step to examine my dress, well, the body behind the dress, the dress was not hiding much. LOL! He approved leaned in to whisper, more a yell but it sounded like a whisper. He told me PRETTY HOT SLUT. I patted his cheek and licked his arm. I don't know why I chose the arm, mainly because I really wanted those arms holding me down while I was getting laid. GOD YES! That idea nearly made me cum just anticipating it.
The second Bouncer was not as muscular but still held his own in a Chris Evans kind of way. Clean shaven and looking like a stud. He also leaned in to whisper, yell, you get the idea, telling me DON'T WORRY WE GOT YOUR BACK. I giggled and yelled back, WHAT ABOUT MY FRONT? I WANT YOU TO HAVE ALL OF ME. We laughed as he caught on quick to my flirting. Continuing to offer me protection he added DO WHATEVER YOU WANT, WE'LL LET YOU GET AWAY WITH IT. That made me hop up and down, my tits showing off for them by dancing in circles. I LOVE MY TITS. So do they. LOL!
I noticed faces that I recognized in the crowd, guys from the Malls, from Mitch's entourage, even from the campus party I went to with the Larabee Boys. This was going to be a blast. Aw shit! Buzzkill, there's my brother. I swear if he...oooo! His friends are with him. Yummy. Chad again boooo! Regardless Chad had already gotten me a beer. Cuddling to the bald Bouncer I told him to watch out for Chad he's a stalker. LOL! Heck, I think Bruiser would have kicked Chad out if I'd kept putting him down. Laughing over it I told them he was my brother, they still sneered at him. Bald Bruiser actually went over to Chad and leaned into his face and told him DON'T RUIN HER NIGHT. Awwwwww! Thank you Bruiser. Chad looked at me with worry as I sipped my beer. I need something harder than Budwhizzer, I want to live dang it. Give me a Sex on the Beach. LOL! Handsome Bouncer called another waitress over, a really pretty short haired brunette with large tits and loads of cleavage, definite boob job, those puppies were sturdy. Who cares though right? At least mine are real, and they like to party. She was told to keep me hydrated all night long for free, the Bartenders were notified to keep them coming. That's my motto...Keep them cummin'. LOL! It's true.
Chad's friends merged all around me, six of them, it became a competition with my other CUMpanions. God I hope a fight doesn't break out over me. I decided fair was fair, I handed my beer to Chad then took the hand of one of his friends, and another hand of Neal's friend Jack. I figured if I kept it evened out everyone would be happy. Off to the dance floor we went. Once we merged amid the wall to wall crowd I got down and dirty. Trust me I know how to dance like a stripper. LOL! Thank God for YouTube. Arms over my head I began to grind into both of them. Jack in behind me, my ass rubbing all up on his dick. Chad's buddy Aron in front of me as I shook my titties. That was all it took, eyes from others zeroed in on me like I was dessert. I am dammit. I'm a milkshake. LOL! Jack had his hands on my hips. Aron right up on me in front, my tits rubbing on his chest. Even other girls were loving my dancing style. Don't go stealing my thunder bitches...nor my dicks. LOL! Okay, I might share a few.
Man this music they have playing is seductive as fuck. I danced a good five songs before working up a serious sweat. During those five I was pretty much groped by six different guys. Only two I didn't know, do now. LOL! My skirt was up to my waist and damn near everyone knew it. Hands on my ass, fingers rubbing my hoohaw. The more pinned in I was, my hands were grabbing crotches too. Finding the bigger dicks became an obsession. Other girls enjoyed my exploration too. As the sixth song started I needed a drink so I had my second skin boys guide me out of the crowd and back toward my brother Chad. He drank my beer but was holding my mixed drink. I was so parched I drank it way too fast. I had another waiting for me just that fast. My girl Shanda brought me my next one. Thanking her by pulling her into a steamy kiss caught the attention of more eyes. Girls who were obviously bisexual or deeper were all about me suddenly. Amid my body prison certain hotties were allowed in to talk to me, feel my ass, one girl even knelt down and licked my clit. HELL YES! Guys were loving it. I WAS LOVING IT.
Laughing hysterically the girl licking me had friends, two more hot chicks moved in and joined their friend in kneeling around me, licking and kissing my ass and hips, their hands guiding my dress higher until it wrinkled up under my boobs. I stood there sipping my drink and grinning, my eyes taunting guys as they enjoyed my taste test. These girls were in no hurry to abandon me either, SO HOT! My Bouncer boys kept a close watch over me but let everything happen, keeping their word. God I'm so fucking horny. Lick my pussy Bitch.
Behind me my friends Fred and Nolan showed up squeezing through a near impossible crowd of onlookers. Fred stepped in behind me and pulled my hair back showing off my neckline, kissing it his next intention, it gave me chills. My girls wanted all of me so one girl kissed all over my belly making her way up, her fingers slipping under my dress to squeeze my breasts, uncovering them, her mouth swallowing my left nipple. I MAY TURN LEZ. LOL! Naaa! I like dick waaaaay toooo much. This dress has got to go. LOL! Handing my drink to Nolan I swept under my arm pits and removed my dress trading it back to Nolan for my drink. That girl came back for more of my tit. Fred joined her, moving in from the opposite side and devoured my other nipple. I literally had to hold my drink over their heads and laugh about it. I was freaking naked in the club and nobody was complaining. FUCK YEAH! Eat me alive Skanks. Shit! I might just have an orgasm.
Behind me more girls hit me from behind, licking my ass. WHO KNEW? I was beginning to think the guys were lazy, and the girls were lezy. LOL! I had more attention from cute girls than I had from guys, all they wanted was to watch the girl on girl action. ME TOO. LOL! As amazing as this was I wanted to venture out, immobilized at the moment was awesome, but I was getting claustrophobic suddenly. Overheated by so much attention felt great, and yeah I wanted more, but I wanted guys too. I couldn't believe I was gonna say this to Fred but I pulled him up by his hair and told him to SAVE ME. I was trembling like a leaf suddenly. Maybe it was the girl eating me out combined with a tongue in my ass. Two drinks would not be enough to make me this edgy. I wondered for a minute if I wasn't drugged.
Fred took my plea and ran with it. Lifting me off my feet he threw me over his shoulder, yeah I spilled my drink. DAMMIT! The strange thing was Fred kept me there but I still felt girls pawing me up. HOLY CRAP! I had girls prying my legs wide spread eagle in mid air, while Fred held me over him. My pussy was being eaten hard. Looking around behind Fred I saw guys stepping up and holding my hands to keep me from digging my claws into Fred, my drink taken away. As I was forced to accept my surroundings a Bouncer moved between the men and lifted my chin up. He leaned in and kissed me hard, as my body quaked. I was ready to orgasm. LUCKY ME. YESSSSSSSSSS!
As I shook the Bouncer pulled away and whispered, yelled, YOU WANTED THIS WHORE. HAVE FUN. I smiled and said BRING IT ON. He patted my cheek and left me to be fed on by the sharks. After another stretch of tongues in my pussy and ass Fred and the guys holding my hands turned my body over on Fred's shoulder. In seconds I found more hands hoisting me into the air. I was crowd surfing suddenly. Carried back out on to the dance floor I was now amid all guys. FINALLY! In mid air I was eaten out again, and finger fucked. Dangling over Fred's shoulder my tits were devoured. The music and lights were all I could fixate on. FUCK! Another orgasm that fast hit me like lightning. After that, Fred and the boys sat me down on my feet. Fuck that, I was so weak I fell to my knees. Looking up I had six dicks wagging in my face. FOR MEEEEE? LOL! Bet your ass I went to town on those bad boys. Sucking and jerking two at a time, making my rounds, more guys slipping in to push my limits. WHAT LIMITS? LOL!
Greedy me sucked at least a dozen cocks right on the dance floor in the duration of maybe five songs, and I wasn't even close to being done. I wasn't even sure any of them were guys I already knew. Dicks were dicks, I was me. One guy leaves another moves in. I figured when my jaw got tired I'd...yeah, not stopping. LOL! If I were a betting woman I'd say I was face fucked by 30 guys before the attention waned. Exhausted, sweaty, mascara making me look like Alice Cooper I was yanked to my feet by my hair. Drug into the seating area I found myself sat up on a table surrounded by guys and girls alike. Unable to react due to my hands and legs gripped tightly I found myself finger fucked hard until I had a screaming orgasm. OH MY FUCKING GOD!! One guy finishes me off, another took over with more energy than the last. I was one messy slut and I hadn't even been fucked yet.
Look who it is...my bald Bouncer hovering over my face as I moaned, literally spitting at him unintentionally. Gripping my hair he said READY TO RUN HOME PRINCESS? I laughed in his face then cum again. I looked him in the eye and said YOU BETTER FUCK ME BITCH. He seemed impressed. I felt like these guys were playing Spin the Violet. I was dragged one direction then the other on top of the table. Cum and go. Cum and go. I was getting really dehydrated. Just when I choked Shandra showed up and sat a drink on the table. The guys had a bit of sympathy and let me sit upright to drink my Sex on the Beach. I was so thirsty I fucking guzzled it. Stupid I know but come on, you survive this and not be parched. Glass down I was back in action, no sympathy. Guys double fingered me making me squirt constantly. If not for the blaring Techno music I would have been heard three blocks away.
I know I blacked out a few times in the intensity, but I woke up still being drilled by fingers. WHAT THE FUCK GUYS? Don't you ever use your dicks? LOL! Out like a light again. DAMMIT!
This time when I woke up I found a hot redheaded girl eating me out. My tits being played with by two more girls. HERE WE GO AGAIN. Tilting my head back I discovered Shandra wiggling a glass at me smiling. She moved closer and sat my drink next to my head. With my hand reaching behind me I grabbed her shirt as she pulled back, buttons popped and her tit popped out. NICE TIT SHANDRA. LOL! Maybe I am liking girls, I pulled Shandra closer and she fed me her nipple. YUUUUUUUMMMMMMY! I'm so hooking up with Janet Jackson at 21. LOL! I could tell she was embarrassed but she didn't resist me. That was good. It told me she was interested. As she pulled away from me I pouted until she leaned in and kissed me. In the blink of an eye my girl was gone. In her place...WHAT THE FUCK CHAD? He was filming me with his cell again. Why did I just wave at him? LOL! I'm my own worst enemy.
Allowed to drink my fourth drink I was feeling waaaaay toooo good. I knew the risk, after the Larabee Frat party I got really drunk. One more drink and I won't know what the hell I'm doing. Maybe it was a good thing I had Chad here. Fuck that! LOL! At the top of my lungs, yeah a whisper because of the music I yelled I NEED COCK. In a brash move Fred and Nolan pulled me from the table and manhandled me back out on to the dance floor. Getting a little rough guys. Back of my neck was gripped awfully hard as I get escorted through the dancers. Everyone was laughing at me. Not liking that people. Being admired and lusted over is one thing, laughed at like I'm being a fool is so not cool. As if I had time to let it get to me.
Forced to dance seductively...okay...not forced, encouraged, hell I wanted to, so I did. Damn alcohol. I was feeling so good I got into the bump and grind, the touch me all over, I'll touch you all over thing. In my whirlwind dance routine I was allowed to circulate amid patrons who weren't taking part sexually, I was put on display. THIS WAS MY THANG! LOL! You know before the sex took over it was all about exhibitionism. It doesn't get any better than this. Groped at every turn. Kissed on and passed along. I AM HIGH ON LIFE!
HI MISTER BALD BOUNCER. Heee's baaaack. LOL! I danced all up on him as he stood there with an angry look. Oooo! Chris Evans is behind me. HI CAP. LOL! I just realized I NEED TO PEE. Escorting me through the crowd they showed me the restroom, only thing is it was the Men's room. LOL! I literally squatted over a urinal. LOL! They watched me pee on the floor. LOL! I'M SO FUCKING DRUNK.
The Bouncers stayed by me the whole time which made me feel loved. Hell, Chris even wiped me. Awwwwww! Such a nice Bouncer he needs rewarded. I fell to my knees and unzipped his pants. He chuckled as I pulled his dick out and played with it a bit. He lowered his pants on his own, I was too mesmerized by Captain Penis. Licking his balls I got into it and started sucking him off. In the process I discovered Bald Boy joining in whipping his own dick on my cheek from the side. YAY! TWO BIG BOYS. Getting intense with me they took turns aggressively fucking my face. I know I puked on Chris. SORRY CAP. Regardless they overlooked it and kept feeding my throat. At one point they even tried doubling up and putting both of their cocks in my mouth at once. I tried. Failed miserably. My mouth just isn't that wide. They tried for me. FUCK! They forced their crowns in and I nearly busted a blood vessel taking them. I fucking bawled at their girth tearing at the corners of my lips. I accepted it but fuck it hurt. WHAT THE HELL?????? A cell camera was slipped between the two Bouncers to record my double BJ. FUCK YOU CHAD!! FUCK YOU!! Oh, I blacked out again.
Revived with cum shooting me in the face and tits, I found myself held waist high between three men as guys took turns fucking me. The restroom was packed. Who's counting? HA! Probably my brother. ASSHOLE! I saw his friends in line, hey at least the guys are all wearing condoms. Lucky day. The guy fucking me had wrapped his hands around my throat strangling me as his dick ripped at my pussy. I was lost in the moment and couldn't breath. Out again for a minute, back in for five. As the line proceeded to take turns on me I threw up on myself, hey I already had jizz poured on me from used condoms, what's another mess right? Did I mention I was screaming FUCK MEEEEEEEEEEE non stop? No? FUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCK ME! FUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCK MEEEEEEEE! It took a dick in my mouth to shut me up. As long as it's not two of them again. OH COME ON!!
Two dicks in my pussy this time? HOLY SHIT! I had to look so I bit the dick in my mouth just to make my throat fucker vacate to let me watch. Held forward at my request they let me see as two big cocks entered my cunt at the same time. OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOD! If they try putting two in my ass I'm moving to Tibet. LOL! A guy was rubbing my clit as the two men fucked my pussy. Shock set in and I found my eyeballs peering at my brain. HOLY FUCK! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! Cue massive...catastrophic orgasm. GONE!!...
...Back! Who keeps slapping me in the face? CHAD?????? WHAT THE HELL? He asked me if I was alright while another dude was fucking me. Who does that? OF COURSE I'M ALRIGHT. LOL! I hope you just got another guys cum on your hands Chad. LOL! Leave me alone. I was covered in jizz. Yep! Cum on his palm, he's looking pale. LOL! DON'T PUKE. IF YOU PUKE, I PUKE. LOL!
Manhandled further I was pulled into the arms of another big fella. He fucked me standing up, while another dude licked my ass. I was really getting into this guy. I went for it and kissed him, cum on my face and all. He didn't even choke. All in to win. Fuck this is HOT! Even hotter if I wouldn't keep opening my eyes to see Chad filming me. Why am I smiling at my Brother? Back to kissing. MMMMMMMMMMM! Nutting in me big boy passed me off to another, then another. All mid air fucking. What am I? A flight attendant? This was pretty awesome. WHOA! WHAT'S GOING ON BACK THERE? OH, SHIT! DP!! STANDING DP!!
FUCCCCCCCCCCCCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! FUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCK YOUUUUUUUUU CHAD! I'm beginning to...wait I can't think. I'll finish my sent...ORGASSSSSSSSSSSMMMMMMMMM! Where...am...was...HI. Whew! That was indescribable. Two guys nutting in both holes while holding me between them in the air. Highly rectumended...I mean recommended. LOL! Loving anal these days. YES I DO.
Dropped to the floor I sat on my knees looking up at Chad filming. OH YEAH! THERE I WAS...I felt almost as if he set this night up. All of these guys didn't seem to object to his recording them. I wonder...is he making a porno? Surrounded by ten guys I sat there as they jerked off over me. If Chad's making a porn I'm all in. LOL! Opening my mouth wide I moved in under every guy that started grunting. One to the other, jizz shot my face. In ten minutes I was Snow White for the seven...ten Dwarves. Oh wait. Make that fifteen Dwarves, five more guys stepped up to the dinner plate. I took it all, Chad captured it all.
Hearing the music grow louder I knew the bathroom door was opening. Blinded by cum I felt hands pick me up and guide me back out into the club. I was looking a disaster. LOOK AT ME. LOOK AT ME. I'M PROUD OF THIS YOU FUCKS. Where am I going? Ummmm? Guys? Back out on the dance floor I went. The lights and cum in my eyes were not a good combo. Forced to dance again I did my best. More drinks were handed to me. Girls were surrounding me and licking cum off of my body. HOLY SHIT! THIS IS AMAZING. I WANT PHONE NUMBERS BITCHES.
In all of the excitement I somehow blacked out long term. Too much LICK HER probably. LOL! I woke up with Chad and his six friends around me. The cool air on my body told me I was outside. Parking lot. I was still naked so someone must have carried me all the way to the car. I was too drunk really to comprehend my surroundings. All I knew was I was being fucked by Chad's buddies up against a car hood. Who did what? Fuck I don't know. Did I care? NOPE! Out cold yet again.
Why am I laying in the grass? Where? I managed to roll to my side and look behind me. Chad was unlocking a door. Ohhhhh maaaaaan.
Dad's house.
I'm soooo screwed.
Go me.