For years, I would seek out a new sex partner every six months or so. However, over the last year, I have become insatiable for cock. My male sex drive leaves me wanting it all the time, and, as a sissy, I don't need an erection to have a good time anymore. I can be a sissy slut whenever the opportunity arrives.
Last night I found a new group on a social networking site, for trannies/CDs/TVs and their admirers. They had a meeting scheduled for that evening and I couldn't wait to join into the fun. The host said it would be private enough for me to come fully dressed, so I was in full slut mode. I wore a short dress (and with me being over six feet tall, short dresses are SHORT!) over a pink camisole and pink panties, along with white thigh high stay up stockings and my favorite four inch heels. Totally unexpected, though, was that the venue was a straight gangbang group; one of the organizers had made a scheduling mistake. So, instead of a small group of eight sissies and admirers, I walked into a group of about twenty men and five women. Well, I certainly got a lot of attention, not all good, as some crude things were said about who invited the faggot, but the host quickly made me feel comfortable and threw the worst offender out. After thanking the husband and wife hosts for making me feel welcome, I wandered into one of the bedrooms to see what was happening and took a seat in the corner of the room.
Three women were each on their hands and knees being spit roasted, while a group of eight men were just watching and waiting their turn. Not to be catty, but all three were less than a ten. Older, fat and out of shape, they reminded me more of my mother than a centerfold. I am old, but still lean and fit, and in the proper lingerie I look damn good and fuckable, if I say so myself. After a few moments, I noticed that I was getting some discrete glances from some of the men around me, as if they also thought I was the best looking piece of ass in the room.
The guy beside me was wearing tiny bikini panties, so I think he was a closet sissy himself. Since he was standing, his crotch was right at my eye level, and I noticed it getting significantly bigger as he kept glancing at me. He started talking, and I told him that this was my first public outing as a sissy, and was a little embarrassed to be the only one in drag around all these horny straight people.
"Can I do anything to make you more comfortable?"
"Thanks, just talking to me is a great help. Can I do anything for you?"
"Uh, no. I am not into guys. Sorry."
"Do I look like a guy tonight?"
"No, when you first came in I thought you were a real woman. Then I heard some of the others talking and took a second look. You do look nice, very sexy."
"Thank you. Dressed like this, I try my best to be a woman. A very submissive woman, who does anything asked of her. Anything."
At that, he turned more towards me , his erection poking out of the top of his briefs.
"Anything?"
I nodded.
"Including sucking my cock right here?"
I nodded again.
"Well, do it, bitch."
I leaned forward to take his exposed head into my mouth while reaching for his briefs to pull them down. Once fully exposed, I licked him from tip to base. Cupping his balls, I slowly took his full six inch length into my mouth. Going slow, I teased his entire length over and over, feeling it get even firmer. His first taste of precum was tasty, like lightly salted watermelon. Putting his right hand on the back of my head, he started thrusting. I knew what was coming, and sucked him into my throat as he erupted his creamy goodness into me. I swallowed it all, except for one last trickle which he rubbed into my face as I smiled up at him.
Well, that broke the ice. Several more men looked back and forth between me and the women, obviously trying to decide which would be more fuckable. Raising the ante, I peeled off my dress and bent over to place it on the floor under the chair, purposefully wiggling my ass as I did so. There I sat in my sissy pink camisole and thong in a room with eight, no, seven now, horny men. I was so excited, and so were they.
"Can I help anybody else while you wait your turn?"
Two guys started towards me but froze when they realized they weren't the only one interested.
"it's okay, guys, I can do you both. Come and get me."
Both guys were already naked, so there were no preliminaries. I chose the biggest cock and took it in my hand, stroking him a few times before taking him into my mouth. He was almost eight inches and nice and thick. Too big to put it all in my mouth, I kept a firm grip on the bottom of his shaft to keep him from choking me. Keeping up my slow oral attention of him, I reached for the other guy's cock and started a slow hand job. The power I felt, as I had two men squirming in lust, totally into what I was offering them. Instead of switching my mouth back and forth between them, I continued to focus on the big one in my mouth until he spent himself. He lost his balance a little as he came, causing him to rock back and he slipped out of my mouth and came all over my face. God, what a mess. Porn directors all love a facial cum shot, but we girls don't think so much of them. It got in my hair and both eyes, blinding me. That broke the mood, and I had to disappoint the other guy jerking off in my hand to go to the bathroom and clean up. He followed me like a puppy, rubbing my ass as I bent over the sink.
"Can't wait for me to clean up, baby?"
"Not long. Damn, you make me horny. I never thought I'd be interested in fucking a tranny, but I certainly want to fuck you. Right now!"
"Well, I want you to fuck me too! Get my purse from under the chair."
After bringing it back to me, I took out some KY, pushed my thong to the side and worked it into me with three fingers, then worked some more onto the condom he had put on.
"Put it in!" I said, as I held myself open for him.
With one quick thrust he went balls deep, making me gasp a little at the sudden invasion. There was no pain, just pleasure, for I had a well trained sissy pussy that easily took his six inch shaft. Trying to be coy, I continued to wash my face as he plowed me deep and hard. He seemed to take that as a challenge; he wanted my full attention! As he drove even deeper, he spanked me, making me gasp a little and put down the wash cloth.
"Bitch, when I am fucking you, pay attention!"
"Yes Sir. Sorry, Sir!"
Putting my hands on the mirror in front of me, I started pushing back against his thrusts, a little trick that all women should do, for it heightened the sensations for both of us. At the angle he was, he was aimed directly at my prostate and, after less than ten more strokes, I exploded with the best sissygasm I had ever had, just as he also came with a throaty sigh.
Unable to move because of his weight on me, and weak-kneed to boot, I lay blissfully under him, enjoying the feeling of having been taken as a woman in front of all these witnesses. What a feeling! What a slut I have become!
After taking off my panties and washing off the cum, I placed them back in my purse and sat there bottomless for the rest of the night, watching the women get their fill from the other, as yet unsatisfied men. I was too tired and tender to need any more men. At least that night. When I left, it wasn't on the walk of shame. I had gone into a totally unexpected straight sex situation and turned three men into tranny chasers. I felt on top of the world! On the long drive back home, I relived the experience over and over again in my mind, wondering what in the world I could ever do in the future to beat that? Who knows, but when it happens, I'll tell you about it here.
I need to learn how to type faster. In the three days since this adventure, I have had three more men, but am too tired to write about it. Tough life, huh?