The Teacher Calls
Ring, Ring.
"Hello. How are you?" I recognized the voice, and my heart skipped a beat, it sounded familiar but I hadn't heard it in months, since the day I'd stepped off the train into the Amtrak station.
"Hi. I'm doing fine." I relied, the surprise evident in my voice.
"Do you know who this is?" she asked.
"Yes, it's Lara." I respond.
"And is that how you address me?" she asked.
"No Teacher." I reply. And role play or not, in a way she was his teacher. She used cock teasing as her teaching technique, and knowing she was going to give me a lesson made my cock throb in anticipation.
"That's better, now do you remember what we talked about?" say asked.
"Yes, of course." I replied, as if I could forget hearing a woman tell me what she had said.
"And what did I tell you?"
"To do my homework." I replied, getting into the spirit of the role play.
"And what was your assignment?" she asked.
"To write an essay about what happened in the hotel room and read it before I jerk off."
"And have you done your assignment yet tonight?" she asked.
"Not yet, but I undid my button and zipper and started to play with my cock." I replied.
"WHAT?! Is that how you act when your teacher is on the phone? Pervert. You haven't learned anything. You need discipline."
"Yes ma'am." I reply.
"Don't you 'Yes Ma'am,' me you masturbating pervert. Take your hands off your cock and don't touch again until I call you back. It's clear you haven't learned proper masturbation manners. How dare you touch your cock without your teachers permission. Now go take your cloths off, get your essay and lie in bed reading it and thinking about how me supervising your masturbation, and don't you dare touch your cock again until I call. Is that clear?"
"Yes teacher."
And with that she hung up the telephone. I, of course did as I was told.
Part II: The Teacher
Back in the living room, in a distant town where the teacher lived the lights are turned off and as she puts on her bedside lamp. She strips naked and lies on the bed. She enjoys dominating these men, enjoys the power she feels as they masturbate for her. She enjoys masturbating herself while doing these follow up calls to tease her perverts and remind them of their kinky sessions with her.
She first discovered her kink by accident, after school late one evening, when she had been in the class room grading papers. She left her classroom to go pee. The faculty bath room was downstairs, and, mistakenly thinking everyone had left, she decided to use the boys room across the hall. She went inside and opened a stall door, and there saw Jack Etoff, cock in hand. He was embarrassed and so was she, but she re-gained her composure and told him to get dressed and go home.
The look of lust combined with fright on his young face, the memory of seeing his hand pull on his hard, young cock, the feeling of power she had as he immediately pulled his pants up, and followed her direction to stop frustrated that he could not complete his masturbatory task, made her pussy tingle and grow moist. She never was able to finish grading the papers that night. She couldn't concentrate. So she rushed home to masturbate. For the next three days Jack seemed nervous, but by the fourth day, he'd relaxed again. Until he raised his hand and asked to be excused to go to the bathroom. She gave permission, but stared hard at him, and she could tell it made him nervous. Her pussy grew moist and she became momentarily light headed from the rush of power combined with lust. When he returned from the bathroom she handed back homework assignments, telling him, as she handed his back, to see her after class. Nothing out of the ordinary here. She had to be careful, this was a small town. Not only could she be fired, she could loose her right to teach anywhere in the State. Technically it was not a crime, since he was of legal age. Still, he was inexperienced, and he was a student under her supervision, even if it was an employment incentive program. He could lose his job if he didn't qualify for the diploma. She had the power in this relationship, and she knew it. She was being highly unprofessional. Yes, she'd fantasized about this moment while masturbating that morning, but this was real, and she had to think it through. By the time class was over she'd decided how to handle him.
"Jack," she began "I want to talk with you about what happened the other day."
He sat there looking nervous. The power made her pussy grow moister. Sit here, she said, indicating a seat in the front row directly in front of her desk. She sat on the desk, her conservative gray skirt just above her knees, she kept her legs together, at first, but periodically let them drift apart so he could see her light blue panties. She could see his eyes look. She began her talk, picking her words carefully, making sure to avoid saying anything that could get her in trouble if this young man should repeat it.
"There's no need to feel embarrassed. What you were doing is perfectly normal. I won't tell anyone. It'll be our little secret." she said.
"Thank you." he stammered, as his face turned red.
"But I disapprove of those dirty magazines." she said, letting her legs fall apart, giving him a clear view up her skirt.
"It's rude and perverted." her voice growing sterner as he looked up her skirt.
"You don't want to grow up to be a pervert, do you?" she asked, as if scolding a naughty child.
"Well do you?" she repeated, parting her legs further, allowing him to see up her skirt.
"No" he mumbled weakly. his eyes drawn to look up her skirt. He was becoming aroused at the look of the bare skin of her slightly overweight thighs."
"And I won't tolerate you looking at those dirty magazines on school property." she said as he started shifting nervously in her seat. She could tell he was trying to hide his erection. It happened often at this age, and she'd ignore it. Usually it was the result of looking at a pretty classmate, but today it was from looking up her skirt while she chastised him about masturbation.
"And that," she said, looking directly at his crotch, "is unacceptable."
"I'm sorry," he mumbled, "it just happened, I can't help it."
Of course he couldn't, she knew that, she'd been a teacher for years. It's exactly why she'd sat in front of him and let him see up her skirt, exactly why she'd intimidated him by having this conversation. And it was hotter then she'd ever imagined, her cunt was soaking inside her panties.
"Well you can't walk home like that. You better go to the bathroom." He was humiliated, but he went.
She went directly to his locker. That way he would have to pass her as he left the building. As he approached, she caught his eye. She could tell he was nervous. He wanted to be anywhere but here, but a quick glance to his crotch told her his erection was gone. What a rush of power, knowing that she had both caused the erection, and directed him to masturbate. She couldn't wait to plunge her fingers into her dripping cunt.
"Jack," she said sternly, "open your locker."
He complied, nervous because he knew what was coming.
Sure enough, she found the magazines. "I'm confiscating these. And, next time you have an inappropriate reaction in class I expect you to take care of it. I won't have you walking around like that, is that clear."
"Yes"
"Very good. Now go home." she concluded sternly.
"OK" he said nervously, not sure if he understood what she meant.
Her heart quickened as she saw the puzzled look on his face. He wasn't sure if he understood her meaning, and thought he must be mistaken, but he couldn't very well ask his teacher if she expected him to stroke his cock in the boys room.
She couldn't wait to leave. As soon as he left she drove home and removed her dress. She didn't even remove her stockings or panties, she just lied in her bed she stuck her hand under the elastic and found her wet bush, she plunged two fingers in, rapidly moving them in and out until she could think clearly enough to focus on circling them around her clit. She replayed the scenario in her head again and again, remembering his facial expressions of embarrassment and fear as she chastised him in the classroom, remembering the power she felt sitting before him letting her legs fall apart, remembering how he kept stealing glances at her panties, remembering the power she felt as she watched the outline of his young cock grow and become erect, remembering how he couldn't wait to scamper off to the boys room as soon as she told him to do so. Knowing he stroked his cock and sprayed his cum because she had ordered him to the bathroom. Knowing she had controlled his cock. She came once, then again and again, before stopping to get rest. She was too distracted to grade any papers, so she prepared and ate dinner, took a bath and went to bed where she masturbated some more before drifting into a long, restful sleep.
***
Lost for a moment in these thoughts she had forgotten all about her pervert. She looked at the clock and saw 35 minutes had passed. She dialed her perverts number.
Ring
"Hello." The pathetic masturbator had picked it up after just one ring.
"What are you doing?" she asked without introduction.
"Reviewing my assignment." I replied.
"Have you been masturbating?"
"No ma'am, I've just been re-reading my essay on how you supervised my masturbation while I waited for you to call."
"Where are your hands?"
"At my sides, I haven't touched it yet."
"Good boy, do you need a lesson?"
"Very much, teacher."
"Is your cock hard?"
"Just semi-erect."
"OK, I want you to take your hand and place it over your cock. Don't jerk it, just hold it and squeeze softly, pressing your cock in your fist, easing up on the pressure, pressing again, and do that slowly while you answer my questions. Remember, don't jerk it or touch the head of the cock, just gently squeeze."
"Yes ma'am."
"Address me with proper respect."
"Yes, Teacher."
"You're a pervert, and as the teacher supervising your masturbation it is my responsibility to insure a proper result, so I'll allow you to address me as 'Ma'am' or 'Mistress' if it will help to masturbate better. Is that what you need, pervert?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"You like that, don't you?
"Yes Mistress."
Are you hard yet?
"Yes Mistress."
"Would you like to learn how to masturbate properly?"
"Yes." I said, my cock throbbing in anticipation.
"OK. It sounds like you need a lesson. Is there anything specific you need my permission for?"
"Yes, teacher, I need to stroke it."
"Do you stroke it a lot when your by yourself?"
"Yes, and I remember the how you looked as you watched me. I cum thinking of that."
"good boy. Have you been doing your homework?"
"Yes, I read the essay and jerk off thinking of my teacher. Sometimes I do it more two or times a night."
"Hmmmph," she chuckled, "two or three times. Perhaps you deserve extra credit. Well it sounds like you've been jerking it quiet a lot. Since your doing your assignment you deserve to stroke your cock. Go ahead, stroke your cock. But I want you to jerk off correctly. Wrap your hand around the shaft, and slowly pull it all the way toward your stomach. Don't jerk your hand back up, come to a complete stop, hold it there for one full second, and then pull up, stop, pause again before bring your hand down again. That's how I want you to stroke, slow firm strokes that you pause in between."
"Ohhh, that feels so good."
"Tell me when you've completed twenty five slow strokes. But you may not cum, if your getting ready to cum then pause long enough for the need to subside. Is that clear?"
"Yes Mistress, I won't cum until I get permission."
As she lied on the bed naked talking to her pervert she ran her hand down her body, resting for a minute on her breast and squeezing and playing with the nipple, then moving her hand to her mound, which was covered in a brown bush. She ran her fingers through the curly brown public hair to her slit, which was nice and wet. She moved her fingers up and down spreading the wetness over her pussy lips. She put two fingers over her clit and started to gently press and rub it, sending shudders through her body as she talked her kinky fantasy to her pervert on the phone.
The phone grew quiet as she massaged her clit and as I slowly stroked up and down pausing a second between each stroke. As she plunged her fingers into herself the perverts voice broke the silence.
"I've done twenty five strokes."
"Ooohhh." she moaned, half in pleasure, half in frustration as his voice distracted her from building up to cum. She needed to get him off quick so she could hang up and attend to her own needs. In a way supervising these perverts was a lot like teaching. It was a helping profession, and the pervert always came first.
"Is the cum is dribbling onto the tip of your cock yet?" she asked.
"Yes, I need to cum." the pervert replied.
"Your teacher understands, and she wants to help you cum-pleat your assignment. I want you to listen to my voice and imagine me watching you as you jerk off. One day soon your going to have to visit me for an exam. I will observe you to see if you jerk it the way you should. It's important to practice. If you don't do it correctly I'll have to teach you how to masturbate properly. I don't want any sloppy stroking, I want firm fast strokes. I want proper manners, ask permission before you cum."
"Yes teacher."
"You're a pervert who likes to stroke his cock while women watch, aren't you?"
"Ooh, yes, yes. I want you to watch me."
"How many women have you jerked off in front of?"
"Four. Ooohhh. I need to cum."
"Stroke faster, it's time to cum for your teacher. When you visit I want to watch the creamy white liquid spurt from your cock, and drip down your hand. I want you to write an essay about this session, and give a detailed stroke by stroke report on every time you've jerked off in front of a woman."
The sound of her female voice telling him to cum, hearing a woman use words like "masturbate" and "jerk-off," the thought of his sessions with other women, the strict tone voice, all combined to push me over the edge. As she spoke the cum shot out, and it kept spurting and dripping to the sound of her voice for over thirty seconds the cum poured fourth covering my hand, cock and belly with the creamy gray white liquid.
"Aahhh, Ohhhh", the pervert said before growing quiet "I spurted four times, my belly is covered with cum."
"Well clean up the mess with a tissue and have a good night. I have to get going, and don't forget, I want your essay about your jerk off habits, and four other essays. One each describing your experience with each of the women you masturbated in front of. I want details. When you visit me next I will review and grade those assignments, is that clear?"
"Yes teacher."
"Goodbye."
"Goodbye teacher." I said and hung up the phone.
As the teacher hung up the phone she pushed two fingers deep into her pussy, brushing over her clit, sending a wave of excitement through her. Spreading her fingers opening up letting the cool air rush between them, rubbing up and down, Moving back and forth in slow motions. she could hear the wet noises being made as her two fingers moved deep inside her, making her shudder as the first wave of orgasm rushed through her.
As she quickly moved her fingers in and out, she imagined herself sitting in the center of a room with men seated chairs in a circle, all of them stroking their cocks under her supervision. Her stomach began clenching as her second orgasm took over, her warm sticky juices coating her fingers.
"That's it, cum for me." she'd say seated in the center supervising a group of men jerking off. "Cum all over yourselves, cum on me, cum while I watch you stroke those cocks. "Yes cum, all over your fingers. Mmmmm...I wish I was watching you cum ...I want to see that hot thick cum as those cocks jump with each spurt." she said aloud, playing out her kinky fantasy."
Her fingers moved, brushing back and fourth quickly against her clit. She came again, this time it was hot, long, and intense. "Ohhhhhh." she moaned as she continued using her fingers, quickly bringing on another, smaller orgasm. Her fingers slowed and her fantasy faded, satisfyingly overcome by a sense of relaxation and release. As her breathing returned to normal, she smiled to her self, she slipped under the sheets, and drifted into a deep, satisfying sleep.....
***