FORWARD: This picks up immediately from chapter 15.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
--------------------------------------------------
It was Jenna who finally broke things up, but only to suggest taking things to the next level. "I'm thinking maybe we should move this to my bedroom."
"I'd...I'd like to," Trish replied, "but like I said, it's a little fast for me."
"Of course," Jenna smiled. "But we did promise you a live show, if you wanted to watch."
"That I could get into," Trish said, "although I have to warn you, I might wanna do a little more than just watch."
"You can participate in whatever way you feel comfortable, Trish," I assured her. "Neither of us will pressure you for anything more."
Jenna stood and, taking Trish and I by the hand, led us to her room.
Jenna sat me down on her bed, then invited Trish to sit right beside me, much like we were on the couch. But instead of climbing back on my lap, Jenna got down on her knees and started undoing my pants.
"Oh, front row seats," Trish grinned as Jenna slid my jeans and boxers down, freeing the erection that had been straining to get out since we'd first started kissing.
Jenna finished removing my clothes, tossing them aside with an exaggerated flourish, then pulled her shirt up and over her head, revealing her braless breasts. "May as well get comfortable," she giggled. Looking up at Trish, she said, "You can get comfy too, if you'd like."
Trish thought for a moment, then shrugged. "Why not? Nothing he hasn't seen before I guess." Trish removed her tee shirt, then reached around to unhook her bra. Her large, creamy white breasts spilled out as she tossed it on the floor.
Trish flushed a little when she saw me looking at them, but smiled. "You like?"
"They're lovely, Trish. As are you."
"Thank you." Trish gave me a soft kiss, then took my arm and guided it around her shoulders, snuggling up against me, her right breast now pressed up against my chest.
"Aw, you two look so sweet," Jenna cooed. "Now settle in, Trish, the show's about to start."
With a playful gleam in her eye, Jenna took my throbbing cock in her hand and guided it to her lips. Her tongue darted out playfully, licking my head and shaft, then flicking the sensitive spot just under the tip.
As my eyes darted back and forth between Jenna, slowly warming me up for the blowjob she was about to give, and a topless Trish watching the show, I had to wonder just how the hell I'd gotten this lucky.
Waves of warm pleasure enveloped my cock as Jenna finally took it between her lips and sucked it into her mouth. Her tongue slid along the thick vein on the underside of my shaft, providing a cushion of protection from her teeth along with plenty of wet lubrication as she slowly bobbed her head up and down.
My eyes focused more on Jenna now as she worked her loving magic. Her eyes made regular contact with mine, but also occasionally glancing over at Trish, taking in her friend's reaction.
It was a magical feeling; Jenna's warm mouth enveloping my cock, the suction from her lips and throat thrilling every nerve ending. Meanwhile, I also was enjoying the sensation of Trish's warm, half naked body up against my own.
I'd never been with two women at once, and while it appeared Trish wasn't going to do much more than watch, it was still an intense experience. Just knowing she was there, feeling her up against me, her soft breast still against my chest, her firm, hard nipple poking at me, was incredibly arousing.
The combined smell of her perfume, sweat and hair was intoxicating. There was also another very feminine scent in the air as well.
Trish shifted her body slightly, freeing her trapped nipple from my chest, and with her right hand began lightly caressing her breasts, switching back and forth between them, gently grazing her nipples with each pass. Her other hand landed on my thigh and caressed it with the same light touch.
Trish looked at Jenna for approval before continuing her caress up my thigh, then down along the crease where it met my groin, hesitating briefly there before a look of encouragement from Jenna made her bold enough to reach over and gently cup my balls.
The sensory input was almost too much. I began to shake uncontrollably. Trish's fingertips danced delicately along my sensitive scrotum while Jenna continued to suck me with a slow but enthusiastic pace.
After several minutes of this, I needed a time out. "Jenna, if you're still hoping for a good fuck, you're gonna have to back off for a bit. Both of you," I finished, turning to Trish, who immediately let go of my testicles with a laugh.
Jenna released my cock with a wet slurp, drool running from the sides of her adorable grin. "Too much for you to handle, cowboy?"
"I defy any man to last as long as I have with you two beauties working on him."
"Well then, I guess I better get my fill before it's too late." Jenna stood and quickly shimmed out of her shorts and panties. She was about to straddle my lap when she stopped, giving me a questioning look. "Condoms?"
"In my bag," I gestured to the corner.
Jenna winked at Trish. "Do me a favor, keep him hard for me, will ya?"
"I don't think that will be a problem," Trish snickered, taking my still pulsing member in her grip.
"Go easy," I gasped. Trish smiled wickedly and relaxed her grip, but didn't let go.
"Jesus, it's really throbbing," Trish said with wonder. "Better hurry, Jenna, before this rocket launches without you."
Jenna finished rooting around in my bag and came up with a condom. She handed it to a surprised looking Trish. "Wanna put it on for him?"
Trish ripped open the packet and slowly rolled the soft slippery latex down my sheath. My body jumped with her touch, and I had to fight to keep from exploding right there. "Okay, seriously, I need a minute here. Just let me calm down for a bit," I pleaded.
The ladies took pity on me and backed off, allowing me a few deep breaths to relax and get my cock back under control.
Jenna sat beside me and snuggled close, kissing me, but keeping her hands above my waist. I broke the kiss when I felt Trish struggling next to me, and turned to find her pulling off her shorts and panties.
Trish saw my awestruck look as I took in her fully naked body for the first time and blushed shyly. "I hope you two don't mind, but I didn't wanna be the only one with clothes on."
"We don't mind at all," Jenna answered for us. I was too busy looking at Trishs bald, curvy vulva, her thick pink labia, and swollen clit jutting out from it's protective hood, all of it glistening with her wet arousal. Trish noticed my stare and opened her legs wider, allowing me an even better view. I wanted to touch her, to take my fingers and run them along her soft wet cleft, to scoop up her moisture and smell her, taste her. But I didn't want to pressure Trish into anything, and while she seemed more than comfortable enough to get naked, she'd made no invitation yet to be touched any further.
My eyes then drifted to her panties, laying on top of her shorts on the floor, a wet, creamy stain clearly visible on the gusset.
"Trish," I asked nervously, "would you mind letting me smell your panties?"
Trish looked at Jenna, questioning with her eyes. "He's got a thing for them, didn't I tell you?" said Jenna.
Trish took that as an approval and bent down to retrieve her pale blue panties. Her eyes filled with nervous anticipation as I inhaled her strong, musky scent from the soft cotton fabric.
My eyes rolled back from the pure bliss of her strong but pleasant aroma. They opened to find both girls watching me intently, waiting for my verdict. "Amazing," I sighed, turning to Trish. "You smell incredible."
Trish smiled with visible relief, her grin widening as I took another deep breath of her, then licked the wet cream from her gusset. "Mmmmmmm," I moaned as I savored her flavor on my tongue.
"Does she taste as good as me?" Jenna asked coyly.
"Why don't you sample for yourself?" I suggested, holding the panties out to her.
Jenna looked suddenly shy as she took them from me. Now she was the one looking at Trish for approval. "I dunno, I've never...I've only ever tasted mine," she admitted.
Trish laughed. "It's okay, I never have either. But go ahead, if you'd like. Enjoy the buffet, I guess."
Jenna blushed but relaxed at Trish's approval. She inhaled Trish's panties with a deep breath, then tentatively flicked her tongue across the gusset. "Wow," Jenna sighed, exhaling. "That's really...hot."
I was curious how much farther this might go between them. It was obvious from their admissions that neither had ever fooled around with another woman before. I certainly didn't want to try and force them into doing anything they weren't ready for yet, but of course I was certainly hopeful they might decide to explore things together even more.
"Well, what I'd find really hot," exclaimed Trish, breaking that train of thought, "would be finally watching you two get it on!"
"Demanding as usual," giggled Jenna, tossing Trish's panties aside and straddling my lap. "How about it, cowboy?" she purred, looking deep into my eyes. "You had enough of a breather?"
"Oh I'm more than ready, darlin'," I grinned.
Jenna reached down and guided my cock to her already slick entrance. She worked the tip in slowly, her labia parting around my glans then enveloping it, and slowly slid down the length of my shaft, groaning as she hit bottom.
My hands went to Jenna's ass and held her there, again allowing her freedom to move at her own rhythm but helping her stay on me and keep my cock from slipping out of her as her speed gradually increased.
Trish still sat close beside me, watching us with a huge grin. Her hand had already slipped between her legs and was pleasuring herself eagerly, her wet, slippery sounds matching those of Jenna as her tight wet pussy worked my shaft.
Jenna leaned back, giving Trish a clearer view of our coupling. "That looks so sexy, Jenna," said Trish. "He really stretches you out. That must feel so damn good."
"Oh it does," Jenna moaned.
All three of us were gasping and moaning, the smell of sex filling the small room.
Jenna paused her ride and leaned in to kiss me deeply, then turned my face towards Trish. "Kiss her," she demanded, "I wanna watch you two make out while I fuck you."
Trish and I obeyed immediately, our lips and tongues entwined playfully and passionately as Jenna again began to ride me.
"Yes, that's it," Jenna directed between her pants and squeals, "watching you kiss her while she plays with herself gets me hot, so fucking hot, oh fuck, yes, fuck yes, yes, yesssss...!"
I could feel Jenna's pussy clench in tight spasms as her orgasm rocked through her, her words now turned to squeals and cries of pure pleasure.
Trish broke my kiss, her face flushed and eyes fluttering as her body shook next to me, now reveling in her own orgasm.
Jenna fell forward against me, her body still trembling as her lips met mine. After a few moments she broke the kiss, only to lean over and kiss Trish as well.
"That was fucking HOT," gasped Jenna. "I really came hard from that."
"So did I," Trish said with a smile. "But what about him? Did he...?"
"Not yet," I answered. "I'm not quite done with her just yet."
I guided Jenna off of me then I stood up. "Lay down," I directed her, "put your head on Trish's lap."
Both girls' eyes lit up at this suggestion. Trish scooted down to the end of the bed, allowing Jenna room to stretch out fully. Jenna lay back and rested her head on Trish's thigh, then looked up expectantly as she spread her legs for me.
Jenna's look turned quizzical as I stuffed a pillow under her ass, elevating her hips. I leaned my body over hers, kissed her, then kissed Trish. I then sat back up and was now on my knees between her open legs.
Jenna quickly understood what I wanted to do, and, lifting both legs up, placed her feet on my shoulders.
Trish licked her lips in anticipation as I took Jenna by the hips, elevating her just a bit more as I guided my cock back inside her. I went in slowly, giving her time to reopen to me. "Holy FUCK, that's deep," Jenna growled as I bottomed out inside her.
I started thrusting slowly at first, making sure that Jenna was comfortable in the position and that her groans were of pleasure, not pain. Although that was often difficult to discern given the way her face twisted and contorted as I fucked her with increasing speed and power.
It was her sweet, filthy mouth that gave me the truest clues, however. "Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck that's deep!" Jenna chanted, her eyes rolling up to look at Trish, who was gazing down at her flushed red face. "He's so deep, Trish! So fucking deep! Holy fuck I'm gonna cum hard, oh God..."
Again her words became unintelligible and now she was huffing and puffing like a woman in labor.
Trish was caressing Jenna's head, pushing her hair back from her face with one hand. Her other hand was again between her legs.
I could feel Jenna gushing under me, her slick juices pouring out of her. I was about to ease my pace to give her time to recover when she called out, "No! Don't stop! Keep going, I need one more! Fuck me hard, please! I'm so close, so, so close..."
Watching Jenna writhe in lust beneath me while Trish now furiously frigged her cunt, their combined moans and squeals all but drowning out my own growls of pleasure, sent me over the edge and beyond. My climax raced through my body as my spunk raced through my balls and up my swelling shaft to explode from the tip in what felt like machine gun blasts.
I thrust balls deep one last time as my cock drained and just held it there, feeling Jenna's pussy still pulsing and squeezing around my shaft. Her fingers found her clit and rubbed it furiously for a few seconds, then let out a yowl, and suddenly I felt a hot gush push itself around my cock, coating my stomach and groin in a hot spray of fiery liquid.
Jenna's legs fell from my neck as her hips dropped back down to the pillows, and I barely had time to grasp hold of the condom before my still hard cock slipped out of her.
Jenna lay there, eyes closed, gasping for breath. Trish looked down at her with awe. "Holy shit, girl! You just squirted like a fire hose!"
Jenna was still trying to compose herself. "I've...never...done that before," she panted. Looking up at me, she flushed. "Oh my God, how messy was that? I'm so sorry."
"Don't you fucking dare apologize," I grinned, running my fingers across my dripping stomach to scoop some of her juices up to my mouth.
Jenna flushed but grinned wickedly. Sitting up, she kissed me and helped me lick my fingers clean.
We broke our kiss to the sound of Trish moaning, and turned to find her rubbing her clit furiously. "Sorry, guys, that was too damn hot! I have one more in me, it's so close, I just..."
Jenna and I just grinned at her and nodded. I fell into a seated position on the bed and Jenna slipped in beside me. My arms wrapped around her and together we quietly watched Trish bring herself to one last orgasm. Her face was strangely calm, almost peaceful, contrasting with the almost violent shaking of her body as she came, her swollen pussy leaking small puddles onto the already considerably stained bedspread.
Trish reopened her eyes as she finished to find us watching her and blushed.
Jenna went over and hugged her close. Despite being utterly spent, I was still thrilled at the sight of their nude bodies entwined together, Jenna's small pert breasts brushed up against Trish's larger, fuller ones. Even though it was only a simple hug, I found it highly erotic.
Jenna whispered something in Trish's ear, then both of them pounced on me, pulling me down till I was flat on my back. They lay on each side of me, the tiny bed barely containing us, so the girls had to lay very close, almost on top of me.
We snuggled that way for several minutes, occasionally swapping soft kisses as we basked in the afterglow.
Our peaceful bliss was interrupted by a knock on the door, startling all three of us.
"Hey, guys," Michelle called out from the other side. "Sorry to bother you. Just wanted to let you know I was home."
"Shit," Jenna hissed under her breath. Louder, she called back, "Hey! Sorry, Michelle! I thought you were staying at Daves!"
"Change of plans," Michelle answered, "long story. Tried to call you, but I guess you were...busy." The amusement in her voice was clear even from behind the door. "Look, don't worry about it, okay? No big deal. Just wanted you to know I was here, that's all. We'll talk later. Enjoy!"
We all breathed a sigh of relief as her footsteps receded back down the hall.
"What time is it, anyway?" Trish asked. "Probably getting late. I should be heading home, still got some stuff to pack myself. Although," she continued with a confused smile, "I suppose I really need to clean up first."
Jenna jumped out of bed and slipped on her bathrobe. "Hold tight, I'll be right back with some washcloths."
Trish and I sat naked on the bed, grinning at each other as we awaited Jenna's return. "How are you feeling, Trish?" I asked. "You know, about, well...everything?"
"I'm good," she smiled. "Better than good. That was really fun." Leaning in, her hand touched my face. "Thanks for letting me share that with you guys." Our lips met once more as she gave me a tender kiss.
Jenna came back through the door just then, and Trish pulled away quickly, a guilty expression on her face as she looked up at Jenna.
"Relax, Trish," Jenna smiled. Getting down on her knees between us, she took our hands in hers. "I don't mind you two kissing, especially after all we just did. I love and trust you both. All I ask is for nothing to happen behind my back. If you two want to eventually explore...other things, I'm open to it. I just want to know about it first. And preferably, be a part of it," she finished with a wink.
"Of course," said Trish as I nodded my agreement. "I'd never dream of trying anything with him without your approval, Jenna."
"I know," she said, giving us both a quick kiss. "Now let's get cleaned up and dressed so I can go make sure Michelle is okay. This is awkward enough as it is."
I really could have used a shower, but I did my best to clean up the beautiful mess Jenna had left on me. I'm sure I still reeked of sex despite my best efforts, but it would have to do for the moment.
The girls cleaned and dressed as well, then Trish quickly packed up her overnight bag.
We all still looked rather disheveled as we exited Jenna's room to find Michelle sitting on the couch in the living room, drinking wine and watching TV. There was no mistaking what we'd been up to, and Michelle knew it.
She paused her show and gave us a sly grin. "Trish??? Guess I shouldn't be that surprised. I thought I heard another voice in there!"
Jenna and Trish both blushed. "How long were you home?" Jenna asked.
Michelle laughed. "Long enough. Hey, no judgment here! And God knows you've had to put up with my...noises...more than a few times, so I guess I was about due for that. Still, kinda makes me regret leaving. Looks like I missed out on all the fun!"
Jenna gave an uncomfortable shrug then tried to change the subject. "Why'd you come home early? Everything okay?"
Michelle took a long swallow of her wine before answering. "Yeah, fine I guess. Dave broke up with me, so I didn't see much point in staying there."
"Oh, Michelle, I'm so sorry," cried Jenna. She sat down beside her on the couch. "Do you wanna talk about it?"
Michelle shrugged. "Not much to tell, really. I was gonna break up with him actually. Figured I'd cut the cord before going home for the summer. I was gonna fuck him one last time first, but the dummy dumped me before I could even suggest it. His loss."
She was trying to play it cool, but I could tell she was hiding her anger. Which I found odd, considering her admission that she was going to end it anyway. Maybe she just didn't like being dumped first.
Jenna took Michelle's hand. "Well, it still sucks that you had a bad night. If you need an ear, I'm here for you, okay?"
Michelle smiled thinly. "I'm fine. But thank you. I'll be over it by the morning. And free and single all summer. Which is what I wanted anyway."
Jenna nodded and decided to leave it at that.
Trish broke the awkward silence. "I really should get going."
Jenna and I walked her to the door. Trish put her bag down then hugged us both. "Thanks again," she said softly, "I really enjoyed that."
Jenna and I returned her hug and kissed her on her cheeks. "You're very welcome," Jenna whispered. "Hopefully we can do it again sometime."
Trish gave a smile that said she'd like that, then picked up her bag and headed out. "Text me when you get home!" Jenna called after her. Trish turned and waved. "I will!"
I debated on whether I should stay. I wanted to remain with Jenna, of course. But maybe Michelle wanted some privacy.
Michelle answered my question for me. "Are you staying again tonight, Tommy?"
"I was hoping to, but only if it's not an inconvenience," I replied.
"No problem at all," said Michelle. "As long as you two don't keep me up ALL night."
We wound up ordering a pizza, and after eating, we decided to take Michelle up on her offer to discuss Only Fans.
Michelle filled us in on everything. She explained how she fully protected her privacy by blocking any areas around the country and world where she didn't want her account available. She also explained how you could offer a monthly subscription or sell content on an individual basis, or both.
"I post regular nudes and lingerie pics along with short little video clips on my subscription feed," she said, "then offer longer, more explicit videos for sale at higher prices. That's where the real money is."
"Just how...explicit, do you get?" Jenna asked.
"Depends," Michelle shrugged, "in the subscription feed, I tend to go back and forth between teasing partial nudes and full nudity. But on the pay videos I'll do more, of course. Masturbation, usually with various toys, sometimes some role-play stuff or jerk off encouragement clips, you know, play to my audience. I've even shot a couple of videos with Dave, handjobs and blowjobs usually. No full sex."
I was struggling to stay casual and focused as Michelle continued to openly discuss how she'd often shoot several nude or nearly nude clips and photos per day, then post them throughout the week, and how she regularly filmed herself masturbating. The mental images of her flashed through my mind despite my best efforts to chase them away.
Michelle must have seen something in my face, because she broke into a wide smile. "I can send you a link, if Jenna approves. I have this entire state blocked, but I could make a special exception for you, maybe even give you a discount," she winked.
I had no idea if she was serious or simply teasing me, and decided it best not to pursue it for the moment, especially after spotting how uncomfortable Jenna seemed.
So instead I changed gears. "If you don't mind me asking, how much money can you make doing this?"
"Well, it depends," Michelle answered, "it takes awhile to build a following. And you have to do a lot of self promotion. Reddit, Tim Tok, Instagram. Build followings there and lure them in. Then it depends on how much you charge per month for a subscription, how many extras you sell, whether you do Special Requests, and so on. But don't expect to get rich from it right away. Took me several months before I really got things rolling. But right now, I average about three hundred a week."
"Really? I'd actually expected it would be a lot more," said Jenna.
Michelle shrugged. "It could be, maybe, if I put more work into it or sold more hard core content. I hear of some content creators making thousands a week, but most really only average a few hundred a month, so I'm doing pretty well all things considered. Enough to pay my bills and start a little savings account. I doubt I'll do it forever, just to get me through college. Then I'm planning on working for my family's restaurant business."
"Well, it's certainly a lot to think about," Jenna said.
Michelle nodded. "In the end, how far you go with it will be up to you...both of you, I guess. You decide how far you're willing to go, how much you're willing to show. I wouldn't count on getting rich from it, but I'm willing to bet you'll make way more than you ever could busting your ass at that diner."
"Just one last thing to keep in mind," she continued. "Most guys, especially your Only Fans subscribers, will be pretty nice. They're paying for it, obviously, so they'll be respectful in their interactions, although some of them can be a little creepy. But you can always block anyone who gets out of control. It's the guys on the other social media sites you use to promote yourself that you have to worry about. They can get pretty ugly. You'll need a thick skin. You can block them as well, of course, but still, it can get...hurtful. Assholes calling you a whore and a skank and preaching at you about how you have 'no self respect.' Meanwhile they're all probably typing one handed."
I shook my head sadly. "I don't understand men like that. "
"They're a very vocal minority," sighed Michelle. "Most of the guys I chat with are very nice. They wanna chat, they wanna flirt, they wanna feel appreciated. And I give them that. The more you interact with them, the more you'll retain their business. But you have to set limits, of course. Oh, and I hope you don't mind, but just be prepared, because Jenna is gonna get a LOT of dick pics, and a lot of guys wanting to sext with her."
"Jenna and I discussed that a little," I said. "And I'm okay with it, I get it's part of the deal. We both know she's not gonna do anymore than flirt and play. It's not like she'd actually be having sex with any of them. And I can get into the idea of guys looking but being unable to touch."
Michelle smiled. "You seem to be pretty understanding about it all, that will certainly help. Hell, even Dave used to get off on the idea a little. I'd sometimes let him read some of my sext chats or comments. I'm sure plenty of guys couldn't handle that. But as long as you two communicate about it, you'll be fine. Hey, maybe you can even help her create her content; take her pics and videos, maybe even make a few videos together, depending on what you're comfortable with."
"I suppose that's something else we can discuss," said Jenna. "Thanks for talking to us about this, Michelle. It's been very helpful."
"No problem," Michelle said. "And you can always come to me if you have any other questions as you go. Maybe I can even help promote your page on mine when you're ready."
"Speaking of which," she continued, standing with a stretch, "I gotta go sort through some pics and get a post up for tonight, then respond to a few messages and stuff. Again, full warning, it's easy but time consuming, you're gonna be working at it pretty much every day."
Michelle went off to her room, leaving Jenna and I alone in the living room. Jenna looked deep in thought.
"What's on your mind?" I asked.
Jenna sighed. "Just thinking hard about this Only Fans thing. Part of me is very excited by it, but it's also very intimidating. And I still worry about how you'll handle it, with me having to, well, flirt and be sexy with other guys for money. That you'll think less of me for it."
I put my arm around her, comforting her. "Jenna, do you think less of me for what I've done with Trish? Or for looking at your other friends and finding them attractive? For being aroused by them?"
"No, of course not," said Jenna.
"Then why do you think I would hold you to a different standard? And unlike what we've done with Trish, you're not actually looking to do anything physically with these men. I know you enjoy teasing guys and having them get off to you. And I accept that. Hell, how could I not, when it's what brought us together in the first place? Yes, you needed the money, but you also wanted to see if you could get me off like you did with guys on Omegle. This really isn't all that different. You're doing it for money, sure. But that doesn't mean you can't have some fun with it either."
"In fact," I continued, "I think there'd be a really good market for what you like to do. You wouldn't have to do hard core stuff if you didn't want to, but I'm sure there's lots of men like me who'd enjoy interacting with a young woman like you online, letting you tease and titillate them into getting off virtually."
"I suppose you're right," said Jenna. "I just worry you'd start thinking I was a slut."
"God, I hate that fucking word," I grumbled. "And I hate the double standard that makes women ashamed to embrace their sexuality. Look, you're always telling me not to overthink things. If this is something you want and will actually enjoy, then go for it. I'll embrace it wholeheartedly, just as you've done with my little kinks."
"Thank you," said Jenna, "you have no idea how much that means to me. I suppose I'll start slowly and see how it goes. I'll have plenty of time at home this summer to set up the accounts I need and start building a following. Maybe you can even help me with ideas, or give me feedback on what you think is working or isn't."
"I'd be happy to help in any way you'd like," I smiled. "It'll help keep things fun and fresh with us too. I think I'll really enjoy watching all the guys drooling over you, darlin'. It would really get my motor running."
Jenna snuggled into me. "I certainly hope so. Speaking of, think your motor's had enough time to recharge? Thinking about all this has gotten me pretty excited."
"I think there's still some fuel left in the tank," I grinned. Taking her by the hand, I led her to her bedroom.
We made love quietly, trying to keep our promise to Michelle not to disturb her. But as we did, we embraced the fantasy of Jenna sharing herself online.
"You're so beautiful, so sexy," I said softly as Jenna rode me Cowgirl style, "just think how fucking hard and horny you're going to get all those guys; teasing them with your sexy body, arousing them with your dirty talk, encouraging them to get off to you, to cum just for you."
"God I'm getting so wet just thinking about it," Jenna moaned. "I love being a little cock tease, getting them hard, knowing they're hard for me. Asking them to send me pics of their hard cocks, showing me how aroused they are for me. You know I'm gonna want to fuck you a lot, right?"
"Oh, I'm counting on it," I laughed.
Jenna rode me to several orgasms before finally slipping off of me, exhausted. "Would you do me a favor?" she asked as she caught her breath.
"Of course. Anything you want."
Jenna slid off the bed and got on her knees on the floor. "I want to watch you jerk off and finish on me. I love watching you stroke your dick for me."
Without a word, I stood before her. I pulled the condom off of my still throbbing erection and immediately began to masturbate directly over her face. "Is this what you want, princess? To watch me stroke my hard cock for you? To know you get me so fucking turned on that I can't help but touch it, jerk it, make it cum just for you?"
"Yes, daddy," Jenna purred. "Jerk it for me. Show me how much you love me."
It struck me then just how much I truly did love her. Not just because she was currently naked, on her knees before me, begging me to jerk off on her. But because of how open, accepting, and giving she was.
I thought back to our first meeting; just two strangers exploring their own fantasies. And now here we were, lovers who'd freely embraced each other's kinks.
That first time I could only fantasize about fucking her, or even just seeing her naked. We'd gone so much further since then, further than I'd dared even dream when I got her first email reply to my ad.
And here we were, bringing it back around to our basic desires: my enjoyment of being watched, her enjoyment of watching.
So I jerked off for her as she knelt before me, her emerald eyes gazing up expectantly as her hand explored the folds of her womanhood, delighting in the simple pleasure of masturbating together.
"Cum for me, daddy. Don't hold it back. I love making you cum, love the feel of it on my skin. When you cum on me, it's gonna make me cum, too. I want you to know that. I want you to cum knowing how fucking hot it's gonna make me, how I'm gonna gush from it. All because of you, my love. Now, do it. Give it to me."
From any other woman, those words would have sounded like lines from a cheesy porn script. But not from Jenna. Her voice was pure seduction. I knew, and felt, that she meant every word, not just saying what she thought I'd like to hear to feed my ego. She was genuinely enjoying this, and I believed her when she said my cumming on her would push her over the edge of pleasure.
And that knowledge made it impossible to deny her. Why would I want to?
Jenna's face flushed a bright red as my first spurts of cum landed on her cheeks and nose, the next blast splashing across her parted lips, her tongue already lapping at it between her squeals of delight as she rocked on her knees, her body trembling in orgasmic bliss.
I ran my fingers across her face, scooping up my cum and guiding it to her mouth. The look in her eyes as she eagerly slurped it off my fingers sent such a thrill of excitement through me that, despite it's slow deflation, my cock managed to squeeze out yet another dollop of spunk.
Jenna eyed it hungrily and in a flash, licked it from my sensitive tip. "Fuck," I gasped, "do you have any idea how fucking hot that was?"
Jenna smiled playfully. "I guess I really am becoming a little cum slut," she giggled as she stood. Then, giving me a sticky kiss, "but only for you, daddy."
We held each other quietly for a few moments, then collapsed on the bed. For a while we simply lay there; me smelling Jenna's scent on my fingers, her lazily smearing the drops of cum that had splattered on her chest around, rubbing it into her skin.
"Let me go get you something to clean up with," I offered.
Jenna smiled, "No, it's okay. This is our last night together for awhile. I want to sleep with your scent all over me."
She looked a little sad. "I'm really going to miss this. Miss you."
I wrapped her in my arms. "I'll miss you, too. But we'll get through it."
Jenna broke my embrace after a few moments and sat up, looking down at me. "So what are you going to do all summer while I'm gone?"
I shrugged. "Dunno. Same thing I always do, I guess. Work, go to the gym. Eat, sleep. Video chat with you every night."
"I want you to go out and have some fun," she said firmly. "I don't want you sitting home every weekend. Find yourself something to do, okay?"
"I'll try," I smiled.
"You could spend time with Trish if you wanted," Jenna offered.
"What do you mean? I thought she was going home, too."
"Oh, she is," Jenna explained, "but her parents' place isn't far from here at all. So if you two wanted to hang out together, keep each other company, I wouldn't mind."
"Jenna, I wouldn't want to, well...DO things with Trish unless you were involved." I said.
Jenna laughed. "I didn't mean THOSE kinds of things. I meant go to a movie, or spend a day at the lake again or something."
"Although," she continued, "if you two decided you wanted to...take things further, I'd be okay with that, too."
That caught me by surprise. "Jenna, I thought we agreed that anything we did with Trish, we'd share together."
"We did," Jenna agreed, "but I've been thinking about it, about her. Maybe a threesome is too intimidating for her first time. Maybe she'd be more comfortable if it was just you and her."
"I don't know, Jenna. That's assuming she wants her first time to be with me; she may not even really want that. But would it make her any more comfortable sleeping with her best friend's man while you're not around?"
"Well, maybe I could watch," Jenna smiled suggestively.
I shook my head, laughing softly. "God, every time I think you can't surprise me anymore, you do it again. But again, you're assuming Trish would actually want this. Plus there's the added pressure of me being her first."
"Do you care about her?" Jenna asked.
"You know I do."
"Then I can't think of a better man to give her her first full sexual experience. I know you'd treat her just as well, as caring, as you treated me our first time."
"Of course I would, but..." I paused, not knowing what else to say. I'd never thought I'd find myself in a position where I'd be discussing the possibility of taking the virginity of my girlfriend's best friend.
Jenna smiled again. "Look, I'm not saying you HAVE to do it. I'm simply giving you permission if it happens. And I'll tell Trish the same thing. If it's something she decides she wants, and you want it as well, I want you to understand I have no reservations about it. It would make me happy. And I need you to understand and believe that, okay?"
I sighed and smiled. "Okay. I believe you. And maybe I will make some plans to see Trish this summer if she wants. But I'm not going to actively pursue her sexually. I don't want to pressure her, and neither should you."
"Of course not," Jenna agreed. "We'll leave it up to her."
***
The next morning was a flurry of activity. I went and picked up some breakfast and coffee while Jenna and Michelle started the final clean out of the dorm apartment.
Trish was already there when I got back, sitting at the kitchen table, talking with Jenna. They both gave me a mischievous smile as I approached them, putting the food down. "Sorry, am I interrupting something?"
"Not really," said Jenna. "We were just discussing a little...arrangement for the summer."
From the blush on Trish's face, my guess was their "arrangement" had something to do with the conversation Jenna and I had last night about my spending time with Trish this summer while Jenna was away. Michelle came in just then to join us for breakfast, so I didn't pursue it further.
After eating I pitched in to help the ladies with the last of the cleaning and packing.
I loaded up my car with the boxes Jenna had asked me to store for her, then helped pile her remaining few boxes and cases by the front door.
Michelle, who had the longest trip ahead, had a delivery service come pick up her boxes, then shortly after, an Uber arrived to take her to the airport.
After some hugs and tearful goodbyes with Jenna and Trish, she turned to me. "Guess I won't see you again til fall, but I have your number; I'll text you a few links if you're interested in 'seeing' me," she winked.
I wasn't quite sure what she meant, but I had a suspicion it had to do with her Only Fans page. I'd have to talk to Jenna about that later, as I wasn't really sure how comfortable she'd be with the idea of me viewing Michelle's nude pictures and videos.
Jenna stood beside me and sighed as we watched Michelle's ride pull away. "I guess this is it. My mom just texted, she'll be here in about twenty minutes."
"I should probably get going then," I said reluctantly. It felt silly and slightly infuriating to have to hide from her mother, but I also fully understood the utter awkwardness of the situation.
Jenna threw her arms around me and began to cry. "I'm really going to miss you."
"I know," I said, trying to comfort her as best I could.
Trish stood off to the side, looking rather forlorn herself. Jenna and I waved her in and she joined us in a group hug. "We'll all stay in touch, right?"
"Of course we will," Jenna assured her, drying her tears,"and remember what I told you earlier about this summer. If you and Tommy want to get together, I won't mind, okay?"
Trish nodded and offered a small smile. "I'd like that."
We shared several kisses and hugs before I finally pulled myself from their grasp and got in my car.
I rolled down my window so Jenna could lean in to give me one last kiss.
"I love you, Tommy."
"I love you too, Jenna. We'll be together again soon."
--------------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
This series began with one very simple idea. I was (still am) very new to writing stories, and unlike most authors, I didn't have a game plan, or an ending in mind when I started.
16 chapters (and a prequel) later, I still don't actually have a definitive ENDING in mind for this series.
Again, this is NOT the end for Tom and Jenna. I still have ideas for future stories with them, along with Trish and Michelle of course.
But I definitely need a little breathing room with this series. I don't want it becoming stale and repetitive. And while it has become a relationship story, I still have the goal of keeping it Voyeur / Exhibitionist themed.
I'm considering several ways to freshen things up a bit, including writing more chapters from Jenna's perspective, or even changing it from First Person (Tom's perspective) to an Omniscient Narrator and allow readers to get more fully into all the characters heads and tell stories from their points of view as well.
I'd love your feedback on that idea, as well as any other comments of course.