The 24/7 "Always Open"
Stephanie discovers love during the graveyard shift
This is my contribution to the On the Job 2021 event, organized by Hey All. I hope you like it.
**
April 18, 2021
Stephanie didn't know why she got the graveyard shift. It had to be because she was new. She would also be, however, a single woman manning the 24/7 convenience store, all alone, and in the middle of night. True, the store had security cameras, a button for an alarm hard wired to the police, and a gun hidden away. The gun was easy and quick for her to get to. She knew how to use a gun, everyone in her family did; her Dad made sure of it. One of her three brothers, Billy Bob, was a crack shot. He had even won some competitions. Stephanie herself, however, hated guns.
Stephanie, or Steph (as she preferred to be called) needed the money, and jobs were scarce in her small Indiana town. Her store was in a tiny cluster of stores at a rural exit of the Interstate, but hers was the only one open after midnight. It was kind of creepy with all the other stores, all three of them, closed, with only a security light or two kept on.
There was traffic, at least. A component of the customer base was a small but not insignificant number of single men, who would rifle through the "men's magazines." The porno magazines were encased in opaque plastic, and placed on the top shelf, but one copy of each brand was always kept available for browsing. It paid off, as they sold more of them that way. The 24/7 was the only place in town, and for miles around, where on could find porno magazines for sale.
Other customers came on their way home from work at the local hospital, picking up a bottle of milk, or some pasta to cook for dinner, or a can of soup. Still others bought doughnuts, cigarettes, and/or lottery tickets.
Another group of customers were people from the Interstate, often responding to the prominent billboard advertising that the 24/7 was 'always open.' They came inside, looking for candy or nuts, and hot coffee, to keep them awake; they would then return to the highway. Some were truckers, of course, and the group of stores had a nice parking area especially designed for parking an 18-wheeler. The truckers were the main customers for the girlie magazines. She could just imagine what went on inside the truck cabins when the truckers returned to their trucks with one of the magazines.
Steph wondered why a man would pay $12 to $15 for a magazine, more than her hourly wage (before taxes!), when he could get porn for free on the Internet? Men did, nevertheless. Maybe they didn't have Internet access at home? Or in their trucks? She could believe it, given the way they looked. A lot of them were scruffy looking men.
Steph had looked at the magazines. Women, real women in the flesh, don't look like those naked girls in the magazines. Photoshop is a wonderful thing, isn't it? It was December, and the magazines had their Christmas issues out, they had just arrived, and the bimbos in them were wearing cute little Christmas hats. So too was Steph, and she blushed at the thought.
The company mandated she wear a Christmas hat, so of course she did. She was not about to lose her job over a Christmas hat. In addition, she was wearing a thin, bright red T shirt, and a Kelly-green short skirt. Actually, the skirt wasn't simply short, it was the shortest skirt she had ever seen on a woman. It barely covered her panties. Again, company orders. Political correctness was well and fine in Chicago, but in rural, deep Indiana? There, sex sells. She even wore a Christmassy scrunchy as a bracelet and another as an anklet. She had to admit, she looked cute. She was reluctant also to admit to herself that she looked hot as hell, but she knew it was the case.
It was the graveyard shift on a Friday night. That's the night Tom Evans always dropped by to buy some smokes, on his way home from work. He was a registered nurse at the local hospital. Like clockwork he'd show up between 3:05 AM and 3:15AM. He always gave her a compliment on her appearance, and she always tried to look her best for him. It wasn't because she liked him; no, it was because she liked his compliments. He'd also flirt just a bit, and she enjoyed that too. The graveyard shift can get truly lonely. He was however around 50 years old, and she was only 21, so she never took the flirting seriously.
That evening, to give Tom a nice surprise, she had skipped wearing a bra. She had brought one with her, and she figured she'd put it on after Tom's nightly visit, after he bought his pack of Marlborough Lights. He was always embarrassed to buy them, discussing how he was trying to quit, even if Steph knew he wasn't serious about quitting. She wondered if Tom would even notice?
The truckers who came in for the girlie magazines, often repeat customers whom she recognized, all noticed, every single one of them, that she was braless. They took good looks, trying to make her T shirt transparent or something, but none of them ever commented, thank goodness.
When Tom came in for his smokes, he was more talkative than usual, staring constantly at her nipples poking at her T shirt. Tom explained to her he knew that it was cheaper to buy the cigarettes by the carton, (yes, the 24/7 also sold cigarettes by the carton), but part of his attempts to quit involved forcing himself to buy one pack at a time. That way, he could fool himself that he wasn't smoking that much. He had actually said that to Steph. She had just smiled. Steph smiled a lot. It's always good to keep a pretty smile on your face if you work in the service industry. They had taught her that in her three-hour long training course for the job.
The store was always a little too warm, since customers like it warm during the winter months, and occasionally Steph would step outside for a while to enjoy the fresh air, and to cool off a bit. She'd get cold after a few minutes and head back in. When she did so, without a bra to dampen the effect, her nipples were poking at the T shirt with enthusiasm. They were hard and erect, due to the cold. She giggled to herself when she realized it.
She had just returned to the inside of the store when Tom showed up. They exchanged pleasantries (yes, it was indeed cold enough for Steph, and no, it wasn't yet too cold to snow, but no snow was forecast, anyway). Tom asked for his pack of Marlborough Lights, and Stephanie decided it was time for a tease.
"You know, it doesn't look to me like you're quitting, Tom. You buy the same pack of cigarettes every week," Steph said.
"I might stop, if you weren't so fetching. I love coming here and looking at you," Tom replied.
Steph blushed, but she replied, "We also sell candy, nuts, soup, ravioli, milk, snacks, bread, doughnuts, antifreeze, motor oil; all sorts of stuff. You can buy all manner of things besides your smokes, and yet still come in to visit with me, you know."
"You really want me to quit?" he asked.
"It's none of my business, actually, but yes, Tom, I do," Steph said.
"How about a little incentive, then?" Tom asked.
"What do you mean?" Steph replied.
"Well, I've noticed of course you're not wearing a bra tonight," he said. Steph blushed fuchsia, but managed a self-satisfied smile. "Don't worry, you're even prettier without a bra."
"I think you mean sexier," she said, but she was wallowing in the excitement that Tom had noticed, and she liked it. She was smiling broadly now, right through her Covid-19 mask.
"Both, actually. Prettier and sexier. Here's my proposal: I'll quit for a day if you flash me your tits," he said. "I'm sure they're gorgeous, and I'd love to see them." Tom looked nervous, and well he should have, to ask such a thing!
Steph was surprised and taken aback by Tom's proposal, coming seemingly from out of the blue! So much for the idea of a subtle tease! "I had an accident with my bra, Tom," she lied. "I'm not coming on to you."
"Well, I guess I'm coming on to you," Tom said.
Steph was annoyed. "Listen to yourself: You're what, around 50 years old? I'm only 21. We appreciate your business, but you can't act like that with the employees of 24/7," she said, repeating a sentence she was forced to memorize from the three-hour training session for her job.
Tom was embarrassed. What had he been thinking? Of course, Steph was only interested in men -- that way -- who were around her own age. He was probably the age of her father, or maybe older? Well, maybe she had a thing for her father? Lots of girls do, after all. She could displace it onto him, right?
Steph, on the other hand, was torn. What harm would it do to flash her boobs? Well, for one thing she'd be acting like a slut; an easy woman. What would her on again -- off again -- boyfriend and occasional lover, Logan, think? She actually didn't know; not a good sign. He'd probably be okay with it as long as he was able to continue to get his rocks off using her body. She knew he only liked her for the sex, and to make his friends, all of whom drooled over her body, jealous as all get out.
Maybe she could get something out of this. Tom was leaving, half out the door, when Steph called out to him. "Tom, do you really want to see my tits?"
Tom turned around, surprised. "Yes, Steph; I've always liked beautiful things, be they paintings, sculpture, scenic pictures, or a woman's boobs. I'll bet yours are gorgeous."
"Men do seem to like them," Steph said, coquettishly. "I always get something from the men, though," she added, thinking how they'd buy her dinner, or take her to a show. She was expecting Tom to ask her out. They'd go someplace where Logan wouldn't see them, of course. Maybe even Indianapolis? Logan didn't own her, anyway; it was not like Logan had any intention of marrying her, like ever! Besides, she'd heard from the grapevine that he was sniffing around Alexis Halliday.
"How about fifty dollars for a flash and a feel, Steph?" Tom proposed.
Steph was stunned. Did he think she was a whore? Offering her money was so disrespectful! He had completely misinterpreted her. Or had he? The guys who took her to the movies or out to eat spent way less than $50 on her, and yet they got to make out with her and sometimes even to get her naked! With Tom, she'd get the money straight out, rather than disguised via heartburn after crappy Mexican food.
Tom had put a $50 bill on the counter. It had a nice picture of former president U.S. Grant on it. Kind of cool, having a president whose initials are U.S., she randomly thought, as she stared at the bill.
"I was thinking, Tom, that maybe you'd ask me out, or something, not offer me money, like I was a cheap whore," Steph said.
"Fifty dollars for a look and feel is not cheap. I guess you don't know the going rate for whores in this part of the world," Tom said, suppressing a chuckle. "Here, let me sweeten it," he added, as he placed a twenty on top of the fifty. Now she had Andrew Jackson as well as Grant! Steph sighed with frustration. Tom was not going to understand. Maybe he'd add a penny, a nickel, and a dime? Then she'd have $70.16, and five presidents.
"'Tom, you're not understanding what I'm trying to say!" Stephanie said, not really hiding her frustration.
"Okay, pretty girl. Here's another ten, but now I'm tapped out. That's $80 total, just for a look and a quick feel. It's a good deal, if you ask me," he said. Alexander Hamilton was not a president. Did he really count?
Steph knew she had some faults. One of her faults was that she's much too impetuous, and also a bit too casual about sex. She decided in a split second that Tom was coming on to her (well, that was obvious), and that she liked it. Shit, she liked him. Also, she realized she actually did want him to quit smoking. You know, for his health. You like a guy, you want him to be healthy. She liked Tom.
"Agree to quit for two days, and you've got a deal," Steph said.
"Okay, I won't smoke before 3AM on Monday," Tom said.
"It's 3:30 AM right now," Steph rejoined.
"Aren't we a stickler? Really, thirty minutes? Okay, 3:30 AM it is, but I want a long flash," Tom said.
"What's a long flash?"
"I want to see those puppies for at least three minutes," Tom said.
"Three days, then. 72 hours, with no smoking, and no touching," Steph said.
"No touching is ridiculous. A flash is worthless unless there's touching, Steph," he said.
"Outside. We do it around back. Security cameras, you know," Steph said. Tom got excited. She was agreeing! He was going to see her boobs, just like that, just because he asked? Well, there was also the $80; but it was money well spent. Excellent! Very excellent, indeed.
There was the issue of the truckers. There were always a few, usually more than a few this time of night, parked out back in the special spaces designed for them. Well, they'd almost certainly be asleep. Best just not to think about it, Steph rationalized.
Tom loved her boobs. Steph even removed her T shirt for him. He ended up playing with her tits, tweaking her hard nipples, and slobbering first on her left breast, then on her right. Probably they went at it together for a good five minutes before topless Steph began to freeze to death. Steph was amazingly, and surprisingly, aroused by the entire event.
Tom had her walk back to the front still topless, and that was just as another customer pulled up! Steph had never put on a T shirt faster than she did just then! A man came in, looking amused, and bought a pack of Pall Mall Spearmints. Steph blushed throughout the sale, the customer chuckled, and then he left, together with his cigarettes. As he left, he said, "Good to see you, Horse," and Steph died. He turned to Steph, too, as he was leaving, and said, "Great boobs." Steph died again. How many times can a girl die, anyway? The customer knew Tom? She knew the two of them would be discussing her, the first chance they got! Why did he call Tom 'Horse?' It had to be a nickname. She didn't really see Tom, however, as much of an equestrian, and unlike Princess Anne, nobody would ever say Tom's face resembled a horse!
As Tom got ready to leave, Steph said, "Remember, Tom. 72 hours. A deal's a deal."
**
The next night was Saturday night, the traditional night of Steph's date with Logan Sands. She texted Logan she had to work, since the usual person who worked Saturday nights at the 24/7 was sick. She knew he'd be upset. He surprised her, however, when he showed up around 2 AM at the 24/7.
"Checking up on me, are we, Logan?" Steph said, as her greeting. She knew he'd be suspicious about her excuse, although this time, at least, it was the truth.
"Damn straight, Steph. You know our Saturday nights are sacrosanct. You should have refused to work," he said.
"And get fired?" Steph retorted. She didn't mention she was getting paid time and a half. "Want some cigarette paper and some matches?" she offered, knowing that Logan always seemed to need supplies to roll joints. She couldn't very well offer him the weed itself. She handed over both items.
"Yeah, thanks. Listen, what time do you get off work tonight?" he asked.
"8 AM. Why do you ask?"
"I'm kind of horny, is why. Why do you think?" Logan replied.
"Well, aren't you the romantic? Way to woo a girl, Logan," she said.
"Hey, I'm just being honest, here," Logan said. "You know I crave your sexy bod."
"Well, you're out of luck, I'm afraid. I have plans," she said.
"At 8 AM?"
"Yeah. My bathtub, and my bed after, are both impatiently calling me."
"I can help in both domains, pretty woman," Logan replied, actually trying to be nice, for once, by calling her pretty.
"I'm sure you can, but not this time, Logan. Thanks for stopping by. It's great to see you," Steph said, not at all feeling sincere as she spoke. In a moment of weakness, however, she said, "Want to come over around noon on Sunday? I'll make us brunch." Steph had a weakness for Logan. When they, well, you know, she always had a climax. He gave her rough sex, and it really turned her on.
Logan came by at high noon on Sunday, and a still bleary-eyed Steph welcomed him with a kiss. Logan was immediately all over her, and a giggling Stephanie was quickly undressed and carried off to her bedroom, which was only a few feet away from the front door. Logan threw her down on the bed, and the well-trained woman fell onto it on her back with her legs spread. Logan jumped on top of her, causing Steph to empty her lungs, as Logan's weight crushed her rib age.
Logan slid down her body, as Steph regained her breath, until his head was between her legs, and Steph emitted appreciative happy sounds as Logan's tongue began to work its magic. This time he added some fingers inside her as he licked, and Steph, always a sucker to being eaten out, quickly climaxed.
Logan seized the moment and rose back up, his hard cock hovering, with menace and promise, both, only inches away from paradise. Steph was good and wet at this point, and Logan slipped right in, to a happy groan from Steph. He pumped away for seven minutes as Steph timed it by her wall clock behind him before emptying his balls into the rubber. He rolled off Stephanie, went to the toilet, and flushed the full rubber and his urine down the toilet, while Steph stayed on the bed, naked and wanton, thoroughly unsatisfied.
Steph had always loved the way Logan fucked and this time was no exception, even if it ended rather quickly. Somehow his thick cock managed always to rub away at her G spot, or something like that. His cock always seemed to drive her over the moon; every single time. This was one of the rare times she didn't climax. She wondered why.
Logan's fuck was again wonderful, but it was simply eros. Sex with Logan was just not doing it for her, anymore. They were fucking, not making love. Logan just wanted to empty his balls in the local sexpot; there was no emotional connection. Yes, that was probably the reason her body denied her the climax. Well, it was still pleasant, nevertheless.
"I should start making the brunch now," Steph said, five minutes later, while the two lovers were cuddling in bed. "Alexis will be arriving, soon."
"Alexis?" Logan replied, "What the Flocka?" Steph could hear the alarm in his voice.
"Yes, I invited her over to join us. She's my best friend, don't you know?" Steph asked. "By the way, Logan my sweet lover, how does Alexis fuck? Is she as good in bed as I am?" Steph added, as she casually dropped a nuclear bomb.
When Alexis arrived, she found Steph and Logan screaming at each other, and Logan stormed out. "Pity, that. I had bought real Vermont maple syrup, and everything, too," Steph said to Alexis, her eyes dancing in mischief.
"It smells great in here, Steph. Let's you and me enjoy it, just the two of us, shall we?" Alexis replied.
**
Tom returned to the 24/7 the next week, and diplomatically, Steph did not as Tom if he had kept the 72 hours promise, and Tom didn't tell. Steph had decided that Fridays, the days of Tom's visits, would always be braless, and she was again without a bra. Around 3 AM she went outside and her nipples hardened up right away. The December cold will do that to a woman wearing only a T shirt over her boobs.
Tom was surprised she had gone braless again, and he was thoroughly delighted. He promised another 72 hours of smoke-free life the coming week, if Steph would give him another chance at her luscious boobs. Again, the two went behind the little store, and in full view of the mostly sleeping truckers, Steph once again removed her T shirt, flashing her boobs to Tom for a good several minutes, as he kissed her nipples, and played with her boobs with his experienced fingers. Steph was thoroughly turned on, and in a way she hadn't felt since, well, since ever! He again gave Steph $80. This time he did it by giving her $80 for a Snickers bar, saying, "Keep the change, gorgeous."
A few more weeks passed, and then it was the moment for something special. Christmas has a way of encouraging people to do things they might normally not do. Indeed, the very next Friday night was Christmas Eve. Steph was annoyed that she had to work on Christmas Eve, but at least she was getting paid time and a half. The store was dead, dead, dead. A frantic mother came in and bought milk, an angry looking man bought some wine cooler, and a stoned pothead came in and bought chocolate. Milk chocolate; no bittersweet for that pothead! That was it!
For Christmas Eve, to give Tom a present, Steph had gone both braless and also without panties. This meant a false move in her ultra-short green skirt would not show her panties, it would show her bare ass, or her kitten if it was the front! She was looking forward to teasing Tom, but 3:15 AM had come and gone. So too had 3:30 AM, and so had even 4:00 AM, and he hadn't shown up. Was he even coming? It would really make a difference to her otherwise depressing, stultifyingly boring, Christmas Eve.
Probably Tom had the day off, and so he was not going to stop off on the way home, Steph thought to herself. Maybe he was sick, she thought with alarm. Coronavirus was everywhere! Don't be alarmist, she thought, it never helps. Maybe it was just that he had Christmas Eve off, and he would never make a special trip just to see her. He probably didn't do the 72 hours and was too ashamed to show his face. He's an old man, anyway, no doubt over 40, maybe even 50 years old, and Steph is only 21, she thought to herself.
That's enough rationalizations, she figured. She gave up on Tom, and gave a huge, sad sigh. Christmas this year was going to be lonely, and depressing. Maybe Logan would stop by for a quickie, but she was no longer sure she would welcome that.
At 4:30 AM Tom came staggering in.
"What happened to you?" Steph asked, concern in her voice, upon seeing her favorite boob molester looking so bedraggled.
"The British variant of the coronavirus happened. It reached our county a few weeks ago, as you doubtless know, and now the county hospital is overflowing. The ICU is full and we have ten people who need it right away. People are dying in the halls. It's all hands on deck, so I stayed as long as I could, but I'm ready to collapse!" Tom said. He looked as if he could barely stand up.
Steph felt bad. She put a box of Marlborough Lights on the counter. She had to step on the little footstool and stretch to reach up to where the cigarettes were stored to get the box, and she knew her skirt would ride up, showing off her bare ass to Tom. It turns out he wasn'tthattired, after all. "On the house," she said.
"I haven't smoked the entire week. Want to give me a reward?" Tom asked. He discreetly didn't mention her lack of panties!
"Seriously? Not for the whole week?" she said.
"Yep. Scout's honor," Tom said, flamboyantly crossing his heart. Still, he grabbed the pack. "Thanks. Now about that reward...I noticed you're not wearing panties."
Steph giggled, coquettishly. She blushed, too.
"I should give you a double reward. First for the abstinence re smoking, and second for selflessly helping our fellow man. And woman. What you're doing is noble Tom," Steph said.
"It's my job, is all. One thing's for sure: It's exhausting. We desperately need more PPE, too. Now about that reward..."
"Do you have something in mind?" Steph asked, suggestively sucking her finger.
"Well, something comes to mind, since you're not wearing panties. It's too damn cold, however, to go outside. It's wet too, since it's snowing, yet again," Tom said.
"I'm at least wearing a hat," Steph giggled, as Tom looked up at her red felt conical Christmas hat, with a white tassel on the top.
"I like the hat. How about you remove the T shirt and the skirt, but keep the hat?" Tom said.
"I'm not wearing lingerie, Tom. Then I'd be naked," Steph said. "Except, of course, for my feet and the top of my head."
"That would be a totally excellent double reward," Tom said.
"The security tapes. I'd get fired if someone saw it, you know," Steph said.
"Or promoted. Does anyone even look at those tapes?" Tom asked.
"Only if there's a problem, like a robbery, or vandalism. I can also push a button that gives a silent alarm. Also, they keep the tapes for a day in case we're robbed," she said.
"The way I see it, worst case is someone gets a major treat of seeing you naked on tape. He might make a copy for himself to jerk off to, you know? And that's the worst case," Tom said.
Steph felt she could live with that. She actually loved the idea of men jerking off to images of her. Nobody ever came between 4 AM and 5 AM, anyway. They had a good half hour, and how long does it take for Tom to enjoy looking at her naked body, anyway? She'd be giving him a cheap thrill, and he really was a good guy, almost a saint, working his ass off to help all those sick people, while taking big risks to his own health and well-being. Some of the people sick and in the hospital probably are her own friends and neighbors.
Steph didn't say anything, she just removed her T shirt and also her skirt, standing naked before Tom except for her hat, and her shoes. She knew Tom would not be content just to look; just like he did the last few weeks, he'd want to touch, too.
Tom came to her. He removed her surgical mask she wore to protect herself and others from Covid-19, and he kissed her. His hands ran all over her soft, smooth, curvy body, with its flat, taut tummy, as he enjoyed his little sexpot to the max. He got a finger in the crack of her ass, and Steph gasped a bit at the intrusion, but only kissed him back harder, and opened her mouth to begin some French kissing. The kisses and the fondling progressed, until Tom's hands went to Steph's snatch.
Steph again gasped, but she said nothing, and she did nothing to push his hands away. Indeed, when his fingers made the inevitable visit to her snatch, she moved her legs apart to make it easier for Tom. Steph always was a cooperative little devil. Steph had given Tom five minutes, and as far as she was concerned, he had carte blanche for the full time.
Steph was now the most turned on she had been in recent memory, perhaps ever! She had enjoyed sex with a couple of guys before, Logan in particular, and while it was fun and enjoyable, it usually took place in the back seats of cars, and was cramped. She figured her snatch was already wet, before Tom's fingers found it, and the sloshing sound as his fingers mimicked fucking in her cunt, indicated she was indeed nicely lubricated down there. It was not surprising; if she was attracted to a guy, a wet pussy was almost always a welcome consequence.
Being naked and kissing Tom and letting his hands go wherever they wanted (and it was quite obvious where they wanted to go) was hopelessly erotic. The Eros was heightened quite a bit by the risk of being naked in the store, not only for the security cameras, but also due to the danger that another customer might come in. Steph was panting with arousal.
Tom unzipped, and his cock came out to play. Steph did not notice at first, as she was busy scanning for potential customers, and checking the clock. Despite her arousal, she still had reality in her mind, and she was exposed, very exposed. She noticed that Tom's cock was out, and hard, however, when Tom sat her on the counter, spread wide her legs, and moved his cock into position. Oops, she thought; she hadn't planned on having sex! She did notice the size of his erect cock, however, and she realized why Paul had called him Horse.
"No, Tom. This is too much of a reward," Steph said. "Besides, your time is up."
Tom understood, and they each quickly dressed. Tom liked her too much to try to push her out of her comfort zone. Sex might come in the future, he thought, happily. "I got you something for Christmas," Tom said.
Oh, shit, Steph thought; it never even occurred to her to buy Tom a Christmas present. This was embarrassing. Tom gave her a small box. Steph opened it, and inside were the prettiest earrings she could ever even have imagined! They were dangle earrings, gold plate she assumed, with little hearts at the bottom, and either a diamond or a cubic zirconium chip in each one of the two hearts. They were perfect for her personality. She immediately took off the earrings she had worn that day (cubic zirconium posts), and put on the ones Tom had just given her.
"I have a present for you, too," Steph said, thinking fast. She quickly undressed. hopped back up onto the counter, and spread her legs, wide. She unzipped Tom's pants, pushed then down as well as his boxers, and she took hold of his cock. It was still as hard as a rock, and it was huge, both long and thick. She had never before enjoyed a cock like his. She suppressed a drool.
"You sure?" Tom asked.
"Hell no!" Steph said, "But are you going to refuse a present, Tom? I thought we had something, you and me?"
Tom didn't say anything. He was almost exactly 30 years older than Steph, but obviously, she wanted this. He just put his hands around Steph's naked, shapely ass, pushing her out a little bit off the counter, and then he slipped inside her. She felt wet, and ready, and absolutely heavenly.
Being 51 years old, Tom had fucked a fair number of women in his life. He had laid quite a few different women in the 33 years he had been sexually active. Stephanie was about to become, no she was already becoming, one of his best, most treasured women. Of course, some of his lovers he had long-lasting affairs with, and the one-night stands were only a few. (He didn't count the occasional prostitute, of course.)
No woman compared to Steph. None. Fucking Steph was like a religious experience. It made him feel young again. She was so enthusiastic, and so noisy! He was also turned on by the riskiness of the fuck! After all, anyone, anyone at all, dropping into the convenience store at around 4:45AM would find themin flagrante delicto, with Steph being naked on the counter, next to the cash register, and him standing up, his back to the door, his pants at his ankles, continuously pumping his meat inside her. He could hear the sloshing sounds of her wet pussy as he pumped, and he knew -- they both knew -- the place would stink of the smells of sex once they finished.
Tom loved watching Steph's adorable little (well, not so little, actually) boobs bounce ever so gently as he ravished her. Her areolas were large (which he loves in a woman) and her nipples were long, erect, and perfectly centered (which he also loves). Her tiny bubble ass, which he was holding, felt luscious in his hands. Steph's eyes were closed, but her mouth was smiling. She moaned softly with each plunge of his cock. He adored this little sexpot.
He kissed Steph as they fucked. She tasted of strawberry, and he figured that was her lip gloss. She kept moaning "Oh, Tom, give it to me Tom! You're so good!" He loved hearing that, at the same time wondering to whom was he being compared? Well, clearly, she was no blushing virgin! Being already sexually active meant there had to be some boys or men in her sexual picture.
Was he wrong to think of her as a lover, and not as a one-night, very late night, hell, perhaps even at this point, an early morning, stand? He was what, 30 to 31 years older than she was? He could be the age of her father, or even (easily!) older than her father. He wondered if her father kept guns? Thiswasdeep Indiana, after all. He knew next to nothing about her!
Steph was getting very noisy at this point, and biting his shoulder. Her eyes were wide, and focused directly behind him. Tom sensed another presence. A man approached them, holding a bag of M&Ms, the large size, with peanuts. Steph could never understand why people wanted peanuts inside their M&Ms, but here was a man who apparently wanted just that.
"How much?" the man asked.
Steph let out a small erotic moan, and said, "The 38-ounce bag is $9.98," and Steph resumed biting Tom's shoulder as his cock continued to pummel her. Tom hadn't missed a beat.
"Okay," the man said and plunked down a $10 bill.
"Plus tax," Stephanie groaned out. She leaned over to the register, giving the man quite an excellent view of her boobs, and also of her cock filled pussy -- of everything, really. She rang it up. "$10.43" she said, then again began moaning as Tom gave her a particularly fierce thrust.
The man plunked down another dollar, and Steph made change for him, always in her leaning, fully exposing herself, position. "Thanks," he said, and then he stood over to the side, watching them fuck, and enjoying the bounce of Steph's generous boobs in harmony with her movement up and down, due to the fuck. Tom decided to take as long fucking her as he possibly could. It seems Steph was nonplussed to have an audience, but Tom, for one, was totally turned on by it. The man began to eat his M&Ms.
He came over to Steph, even as Tom and she were locked in passion, and asked her if she'd like a few M&Ms. She smiled at him, and held out her hand. He placed a few in it, and while Tom destroyed her with his cock, Steph calmly popped one of them into her mouth. Tom felt he must have been in a surreal movie, or something. Fellini came to mind.
"Can I play with your boobs, while he fucks you?" the man asked.
Steph shook her head no. The corner of Tom's eye caught the customer's cock, which was now outside his pants. Steph was licking her lips. "Want to suck it, honey?" the customer asked.
"I'm a little busy right now. Another time, perhaps?" Steph replied.
The man smiled, put his junk away, and left.
Ten minutes later Tom was ready to end things, or at least his balls were. He couldn't hold it in any longer. He had a volley of pumps, froze inside her, and emptied his balls. Happily, Steph came to a screaming orgasm at the same time, something that, in Tom's experience, rarely happens. They heard slow applause behind Tom. If applause could be sarcastic, this was an example.
Steph's eyes opened wide in fear. Tom heard an explosion, and a searing pain ripped through his shoulder; Steph was screaming, men behind them were shouting, Tom was bleeding profusely, and close to passing out from pain as he collapsed to the floor. In his daze, he heard Steph yelling.
"Billy Bob, NO! No, no, NO! You'll kill him. No! Stop him Martin! Noooo!" Steph screamed. The next shot whizzed by Tom's head, missing by only a fraction of an inch, and lodging itself in the floor.
Someone (presumably Martin, whomever he was, Tom thought) subdued Billy Bob, who -- as it turned out -- was one of Stephanie's older brothers. Martin was another of Steph's brothers. The security tapes caught the whole thing, including Steph -- still naked -- kicking her brother Billy Bob in the nuts. She must have studied ballet, or gymnastics, or something, because it was one hell of a kick! Billy Bob won't be walking for a week, at least.
When Tom woke in the hospital from the sedative, Steph was right there, by his side, looking concerned. Yes, she was dressed again, this time with a bra on. The first thing she did, after his eyes opened, was to kiss him. Tom realized he loved her kisses. She gave him a pack of Marlborough Lights. Tom smiled, and he hid it, under the blanket. Being a nurse, Tom knew patients in the hospital were not allowed to have cigarettes.
"I brought you some M&Ms," she said, handing him a 'family size' package. No peanuts were involved. "They're delicious. Like you." Tom smiled again, then closed his eyes, and fell back into his sedative induced sleep. Steph sat in a chair, reading a novel, as she watched Tom sleep. She hoped when he recovered, she would see a lot of him. She realized that she truly cared for the man.
Due to the shooting, the police confiscated the security tapes. The local Fox affiliate provided wall-to-wall coverage of Billy Bob's trial for attempted murder. Somehow, scenes of a stark-naked Stephanie were leaked, but fortunately none of her and Tom fucking. The TV station even broadcast the pictures of her naked bod, with her nipples and pussy blacked out. One of the online porn hubs, however, showed the uncensored pictures, and even a ten-minute video of the now infamous fuck. Stephanie's slutty behavior became national news.
Ironically, Steph was not fired from the 24/7, but rather she was given a raise. She became, strictly within certain circles, a bit of a living, breathing, tourist attraction, and sales volume at the convenience store doubled, almost overnight. The manager of the 24/7 realized he had a bonanza with Steph and her promiscuous, exhibitionist, and slutty nature. Steph began to count how many doughnuts and cups of coffee she sold now to cops working the graveyard shift, who always seemed to stop in at her store, doubtless to leer at her. Steph quickly became adept at brushing aside the crude innuendos that incessantly floated her way.
Tom and Steph dated, and Tom got to fuck Steph as much and as often as he wanted, even at times while she endured heartburn from the crappy Mexican food he bought her. She didn't care. She had Tums, and she gradually realized that she loved Tom. Logan moved on and dated Steph's best friend Alexis Halliday, one of the few girls in the county with a body as sexy as Stephanie's, along with a mouth whose talent was a local legend.
Billy Bob recovered from Steph's brutal kick, and he was sentenced to two years in prison. Steph's father hurled blasphemies at her whenever she went home, but her mother was quietly sympathetic. Nevertheless, according to her baby sister Joanie, Steph's Dad liked to jerk off while watching the now infamous video of Steph naked and fucking Tom at the good old 24/7. For that matter, Joanie herself enjoyed watching it, too. Steph's humiliation was almost constant, but she handled it well. Ironically, of all her friends and even her family, Alexis was the nicest to her. She was a true friend.
Tom still smoked, however. Well, you can't have everything!