A couple of days had passed since Mark's encounter with Lin. He hadn't seen her since he dropped her off but he was seriously considering going for a visit. After all, she had given him her card and told him to come see her.
His penis began to react as soon as the idea popped into his head.
He shifted in his seat and adjusted himself as he waited for his Uber app to ping.
A few minutes of daydreaming later, along with several more shifts and adjustments in his seat, his phone pinged. In the silence of the car it sounded loud and intrusive.
He swiped the ride request to the right and the GPS within the app immediately showed him his next ride was about ten minutes away. The name was Jen.
He shifted into drive and pulled up outside an English pub on Lakeshore.
He stopped and waited for a moment and scanned the area for anyone who looked likely to be his next passenger.
He sighed and watched the timer on his app as it slowly counted down from the two minute time limit. When that time ran out, he could report that his ride request never showed and he'd still get paid five bucks for the wasted trip.
With about fifteen seconds to go, he noticed movement to his right. The pub door opened and a man of about thirty stepped out. He was dressed nicely with a jacket, dress slacks and good shoes. His tie was loosened and the top two buttons on his shirt were open.
He was leading a girl a few years younger than he. She was obviously pretty drunk. Her white skirt and black top were top-of-the-line goods and she was made up to the nines.
The man and woman, both laughing hysterically, stumbled to the car and the back door opened. The woman crawled in with both hands and knees on the upholstery. The man laughed and slapped her on the behind as she made her way slowly across the seat. She squealed, slapped at his hand and then fell into the left-hand seat still laughing.
Mark did his best not to notice as they each settled into their seats.
Their destination popped up on his app and he slipped the car into drive and went.
When Mark had passengers, he made it a private rule not to speak to them unless they addressed him first. These two were not interested in speaking to him. They were wholly absorbed with each other.
"I guess you think you're going to score tonight," Jen said.
"I never said that," her companion said with a grin.
He laid his hand on her thigh and squeezed it.
"I don't fuck on the first date," she said, "And this isn't even a date! We just met!"
"Maybe a blowjob then," he responded.
"Hell no!" she slurred, "What makes you think I want to put your cock in my mouth?"
"Maybe because it's so pretty," he said as he unzipped his fly, "Take a look."
"I am not going to look," she said with a giggle.
"Fine," he said and grabbed her hand by the wrist and placed it firmly on his member, "Use your hand."
"No!" she protested without removing her hand from his penis.
He began to rub her hand up and down its length.
"It feels pretty good, doesn't it?" he asked.
"I'm not saying that," she said.
"Come on," he urged, "Take it in your mouth."
"No," she said with a high-pitched voice.
"Come on, you'll like it," he said.
She didn't respond.
Mark looked in his rear view mirror to see she had her face buried in his lap. His hand was on the back of her head and he was urging her up and down on his cock.
"Mm that's nice," he mumbled "Suck it!"
Mark pulled up to a stoplight and watched as Jen gobbled on the man's rod. She was using one hand to hold it as she mouthed the head and swallowed a full two or three inches. He couldn't help himself. His own cock grew rock hard right then.
"You suck cock real good!" he muttered.
"Mmph," she replied.
She raised herself to her knees and went to work in earnest. She was supporting herself with one arm while her other hand stroked the man. Her mouth was wide open and she made slurping noises as she blew him.
The light turned green and Mark reluctantly started driving again.
"Yeah," the man grunted, "Suck it!"
Mark had to be careful not to drive into anything as he tried to watch the show they were putting on in his backseat. He listened carefully as she slurped and smacked over his cock. She started stroking him faster and making a low moaning noise. She grunted in unison with her hand motion getting louder and louder with each stroke.
The man stiffened and groaned. He jerked and held her head over his member. She gagged a little as the semen coated her mouth. Then she backed off and leaned herself against his shoulder. As the man zipped up his fly she began to snore.
"Might as well let me off here Buddy," he said, "I don't know where she's going."
Mark pulled over and watched as the man casually reached over and copped a feel of the girl's tits. He opened the door and walked off into the night as Mark looked back at Jen with a frown.
He looked at the GPS and saw they were about five minutes away from her destination. He pulled into a strip mall and got out. He opened the back door and checked on her. She was dead to the world. When he turned her head to face him he could see a slick coating of semen on her lips and chin. Her mouth was hanging open and slack and she was breathing heavily and evenly.
He picked up the girl's handbag and searched inside to find her wallet. Her ID said her address matched the destination on his GPS.
"Miss?" he said.
"Mm," was her only reply.
"Miss!" he said more insistently.
Still she didn't reply.
Mark sighed and got back into the car. He drove on to her address and saw it was a small single-story house. He parked in the driveway and pocketed the keys. Then he opened the back door and urged her out. She fell against him in a heap.
He searched her purse once more and found her keys. He picked her up with both arms, one under her shoulders and the other under her knees. She was small and light.
She snuggled against his chest and sighed contentedly. Then she wrapped her arms around his neck, nuzzled against him and kissed him just under the ear.
Mark grinned to himself. He wondered how she would react to this if she could see herself after she was sober. As he held her close to him he could feel his hard on pushing uncomfortably against his jeans.
He opened her door and looked for the living room. He made a bee-line for the couch and placed her gently on the couch.
She protested softly and reached for him with both arms.
"Don't go Baby," she mumbled, "So horny!"
"Sorry Miss," he said with a rueful sigh, "I'm not who you think I am."
He eyed her full breasts and decided he really wanted to fuck her!
"Please!" she said with her eyes closed, "I need you!"
"I've got to go," he said with a grin.
When he stood, she reached for his crotch with the speed of a tiger. Before he knew it, she had her hand on his groin and was expertly massaging his cock through his pants. She fell forward off the couch without losing her grip on him, then opened his belt and fly and his pants fell to his ankles. She whipped his underwear down and took the entire length of his cock into her mouth.
Mark couldn't help himself. He groaned as she slurped on his penis.
The other guy was right. She did suck cock well!
As he enjoyed every second of her blowjob, she started getting naked. She peeled her top off and tossed it to the floor. Her bra went next. Her tits were jiggling with each move she made. She looked delicious. She slipped her skirt and panties off in one motion and threw them to the floor with the rest of her clothes.
She gripped him by the waist and tugged him against her.
"Mm, fuck me Baby!" she mumbled.
She pulled him right into her and Mark half closed his eyes as they fell to the floor together and his cock sank into her vagina.
She lay flat on her back and pulled at him with arms and legs. Mark pumped into her despite his misgivings. Her tunnel felt so good.
"Oh God, I really shouldn't be doing this," he muttered.
It felt too good for him to stop.
"Fuck me Baby!" she groaned, "Fuck me good!"
She pulled him close for a kiss. Mark could almost taste the semen left behind by her previous companion. He didn't care.
He kissed her and plowed into her as hard and fast as he could. She squeaked with every thrust and he grunted in response. After a few minutes of good solid fucking he slammed into her and went rigid. She howled in his ear and convulsed on his cock. She was holding on for everything she was worth by now. Her eyes were wide and she stared at him with intensity.
When he finished cumming he raised himself on his elbows to look at her. She was still staring at him but her eyes were beginning to glaze over. Then she slowly lay back on the floor and her eyes closed. Then she was fast asleep.
Her mouth was wide open and he noticed the traces of semen from the first guy were still on her chin.
He slipped his cock out of her and his own semen drooled out of her snatch and onto the carpet. He pulled his pants up and sighed.
He couldn't help himself with what he did next. He pulled out his phone and took a photo. He studied the image after he snapped it. She was splayed out on the floor with her clothes scattered around her. Her blonde pubic hair was matted with semen and her thighs were spread wide and bright red from the pounding she'd just received.
Her body was like that of a cheerleader, lithe and athletic but with curvy hips and juicy tits; probably a C-cup.
He debated whether to delete the pic or not but finally decided he liked it. On a whim he found Jen's phone to get the number. He texted the pic to her with a short note.
"Glad I could get you home safe," he wrote, "I hope there are no regrets."
He pocketed his phone and went back to his car and drove away.
Maybe he would visit Lin tomorrow.
As he drove away his Uber app showed a new message.
"Your last ride just gave you a five star rating!" it said.
Then he received a text from Jen.
"No regrets here," she said, "I'll text you next time I need a ride."
He closed the Uber app for the night and drove home with a smile. He was still going to visit Lin tomorrow.