The following weekend Jessica and I decided not to go to the beach like we usually did and instead went down to the pool to catch some rays. As we looked around for a couple of spare lounge chairs, I spied Laura all by herself off in a corner and some empty chairs next to her. She was laying on her back tanning and we walked over to her. She didn't see us at first which gave me a moment to scan her beautiful body.
She was wearing a small brown bikini that complimented her bronzed body tone nicely. Her bikini top held captive a very nice set of breasts with nipples struggling against the thin fabric. My eyes took in her tight abs and then her down to her crotch where her labia lips were barely visible underneath her bottoms. Yep, she was hot.
I looked back to see if Jessica noticed me looking and caught her staring at Laura as well. I said hello, startling Laura momentarily. She leaned up on her elbows smiled and said hello. I asked if the chairs were taken and she invited us to join her. I introduced her to Jessica and they said hi to each other.
"We've seen you around so it's about time we met!" Jessica added.
They smiled warmly at each other and I could swear they took extra time appraising each other's body. I took the far chair and gave Jessica the one in between so that she could become better acquainted with Laura. Soon they were chatting up a storm and I busied myself with pouring a couple of margaritas from the jug I brought down. I asked Laura if she would like one and she said that would be great since she had the weekend off.
We were all into our second margarita and starting to get along like old friends. The sun was beating down mercilessly and we all went into the pool to cool off, talk and drink. Jessica and Laura were getting along great talking about all sorts of topics. After being in the water for about 30 minutes and the drinks all gone, we all got out of the pool and headed back to our chairs.
I couldn't help but noticing Laura - her nipples were hard as rocks and her wet bikini did little to hide her matted pussy and lips. I could feel my cock starting to stir with excitement. Jessica was also sporting hard nipples and with it being so hot, I couldn't blame that on the weather. Jessica lay face down on her towel and unhooked her bikini top and asked me to rub some suntan oil on her back and legs. I leaned over and kissed her and whispered in her ear that she was looking hot and I couldn't wait to fuck her later. Her soft moan told me she was more than ready.
Laura suddenly perked up and said, "Hey Jessica, I'll do that for you if you'll do me after."
"That would be great! Hon, would you mind going for another batch of margaritas?"
I grabbed the pitcher and started walking away as Laura sat down on the edge of Jessica's chair and poured a liberal amount of oil into the palm of her hand. As I looked back, she began rubbing the oil into Jessica's shoulders and back.
The pool is surrounded by thick foliage so as I left the pool deck I hung back behind some of the trees and bushes to watch more of this spectacle unfold. Laura was rubbing oil into her lower back and I could see as her fingers rubbed beneath Jessica's bikini bottoms and into the top of her fine ass. It looked more like a massage she was getting instead of just suntan oil rubbed onto her body. As she did this I could see Jessica grind her pelvis into the chair as Laura continued rubbing oil onto the back of her legs. She slid her hands down between Jessica's legs as I saw them party slightly to give Laura hands more access to the soft flesh of her inner thighs.
I couldn't see exactly where her hands were but they were lingering around the tops of her legs, occasionally slipping beneath her bikini bottoms to slightly rub her ass cheeks as Jessica continued to squirm. My cock was getting hard and I'm certain Jessica was getting turned on by all this. After Laura finished, Jessica tied her top back on and sat up looking slightly flushed and said it was her turn with a mischievous smile on her face.
Laura lay down and released her top and Jessica quickly got to work and began rubbing oil all over her back, with her fingers purposely brushing the sides of her breasts as she massaged the skin. This caused Laura to giggle saying she was a little ticklish. Jessica continued undaunted as she straddled the back of her legs. She rubbed the oil onto her lower back and gently lifted the edge of her bikini bottoms to make sure she covered that area. When she did, I got a nice view of the crack of Laura's great ass.
Just then, Jessica looked up and saw me peering through the bushes at her. Caught red-handed, she just gave me a sexy smile and licked her lips causing my cock to swell even more. She continued rubbing the oil into Laura's skin and it looked like she was grinding her pelvis slightly into her legs and ass. At one point it appeared that Laura raised her ass to meet Jessica's grinding a couple of time. At that, I reluctantly headed to my condo to get the margaritas.
When I returned, they were lying on their stomachs facing one another and talking and laughing like close friends. I could swear they had moved their chairs closer together. Jessica was getting more uninhibited and started asking Laura questions.
"So how did you start working in an adult book store?" Jessica asked.
"When I was like 13, I found where my parents kept their collection of porn videos. I started masturbating to them and then really got into sex. When I moved here and was looking for a job, I saw this listing and it seemed like a natural fit."
Jessica kept probing, "So what's your favorite position?" she asked intently.
"I'm pretty versatile," Laura replied. "I like everything from oral to anal but I really love to sixty-nine and to me it doesn't matter whether it's a girl or a guy. Sometimes I actually prefer girls."
When I heard that I almost spit out my margarita. I looked at Jessica and she blushed slightly. It was a good thing we were all wearing sunglasses but I really could have used a Kevlar swim suit since I was now sporting a raging hard-on that was not concealed very well.
Laura then asked, "How about you Jessica, what are you into?"
Jessica replied that she loved to be pounded by my big cock loved to suck it because she enjoyed swallowing cum and the occasional facial. But she said, she had also been with women from time to time and enjoyed the variety.
Laura stared intently with a slight grin on her face as Jessica said this and then glanced over at me. I know she was looking at the obvious bulge in my swim suit because her smile changed to an 'oh my' look and a raised eyebrow. I knew Jessica was getting aroused by the talk because she never failed to get wet whenever I told her stories or talked dirty to her.
Laura abruptly asked, "So do you like the new vibrator Jerry got you?"
"I like it but it's a little too big to fit in my ass. But I prefer the real thing anyway," Jessica replied nonchalantly.
"Well, working where I do, I am always getting free samples so you are welcome to check out my collection and try out anything you would like."
Jessica eagerly she would love to and maybe she would come over later that day.
We continued drinking and the ladies eventually flipped over to get some sun on their front. I expected them to apply the oil to their own bodies but Laura asked Jessica if she would mind rubbing on her front since she did such a great job on her back. So with Laura lying flat, Jessica started working the oil into the bottoms of her legs and began working her way up. Laura had her legs spread apart as Jessica rubbed the oil on. When she got to the tops of her legs, Jessica's hands worked their way between her legs and rubbed oil gently into the fleshy area next to her crotch.
I could see her rubbing Laura's legs and her fingers occasionally wandered, brushing her fabric covered mound causing her to squirm. When Jessica moved above her waist, I noticed that the crotch of Laura's swim suit was wet. There was no doubt she was turned on as Jessica brazenly worked on her. When Jessica's turn came, it was much the same spectacle. Judging by Jessica's rock-hard nipples, I knew she too was enjoying Laura's roaming hands on her body.
We continued catching the rays while talking, laughing and drinking as the hours ticked away. We drained the pitcher of margaritas and I suggested to Jessica that it was her turn to go make a batch. I figured I would stay back with Laura and do a little probing of my own. Jessica reluctantly said okay and stood up.
All of the sudden Laura jumped up and asked, "Do you want some company? I've haven't seen your guys' apartment yet."
Jessica broke into a big smile and replied, "Sure! You can help me with the next batch!" and off they went leaving me behind at the pool and slightly dejected as they pranced off.
I lay back and closed my eyes as the combination of the warm sun and alcohol caused me to eventually doze off. I must have been napping for awhile because when I woke up, it was late afternoon and the sun was beginning its gentle descent towards dusk, most people had left the pool and there was no sign of Jessica and Laura. I was feeling parched and figured they were probably still at our apartment drinking and talking so I decided to go get my own damn drink.