Cheryl shook her head in disbelief. "I'm so spastic I'd lose my balance fucking on a bed, let alone on a high wire!"
"Oh, you'd be surprised at some of the places Philip and I have done it," Bonnie said with a snicker.
We were then treated to a series of several short vignettes featuring clowns, midgets, giants, and an assortment of odd-looking creatures who provided us with some much-needed comic relief. I especially liked one rather tall clown who managed to pull birds, flowers, and various other objects out of thin air. When one of the women shouted her appreciation of these magic tricks, the clown presented her with a newly produced bouquet.
I caught a glimpse of the clown in the polka dot costume again. He was riding a tricycle in circles around the stage and held a whip in his right hand, lashing out at any of his unfortunate associates who happened to be in his way. I saw him look in my direction several times and could have sworn that at one point he actually mouthed the words "fuck you" at me as he grinned evilly. He rode the bike out onto the lawn and made as if he was going to head straight toward me. I held my pocketbook up high ready to strike the little bastard as he rode by, but he veered away before approaching our section. There was something vaguely familiar about him, but I couldn't figure out what it was.
"Pretty impressive orgasms on those guys, wouldn't you say?" Rebecca said suddenly.
"I was thinking the same thing," I replied. "The lion man, too."
"What are you two talking about?" Bonnie inquired.
"We're discussing the amount of sperm we've seen here tonight," I said. "Either these guys are exceptionally talented, or they're being helped along via some artificial means."
"Such as?"
"Such as some kind of fertility drug." I replied.
"What fertility drug?"
I didn't mean to but I shot her an accusatory look.
"Oh, no," she said, interpreting my intent. "Are you insinuating that I had something to do with it?"
"I don't know. Did you?"
"Of course not!" she replied offended. "You gave me two tablets...two, that's all. And you know where both of them went so don't even dare to accuse me."
"And don't look at me Christiana," Rebecca quickly added. "The only thing I take blame for is the videotape, nothing more."
"Am I the only one who thinks these cumshots are outrageous?" I said unconvinced.
"Nope," Michelle said, "I think they're outrageous too."
Alice popped her head in between Rebecca and me. "There's only one guy I know of who can cum that much and his name is Peter something or other and he's a porno star."
"Yeah, he shoots buckets," Patti Ann noted between sips of her beer.
I looked at Bonnie trying to discern any vulnerability behind her seemingly placid expression. "Doesn't it seem strange to you that these guys are all capable of such fantastic orgasms?"
"I haven't seen anything here tonight that can even come close to what your subjects produced during your experiment, so you can kiss that theory goodbye sis."
"They may not have shot as much sperm that's true," Michelle chimed in, "but it's just not possible for a normal man to cum like that."
"Not unless he's like that guy Peter," Alice said.
"Oh, will you shut up about him!" Patti Ann replied.
"No, you shut up you shit-faced little bitch!"
Bonnie turned to face them. "Please! You're screaming right in my ears!"
I thought Alice was going to make a retort, but she went back to munching on her popcorn while Patti Ann took another swig of beer, both refusing to look at one another.
"Okay, Christiana," Michelle began, "let's say this guy Peter that Alice keeps talking about can shoot really huge loads. He's got to be one man among millions—a freak. The probability of there being three men who can perform such a stunt and be in the same place at the same time is extremely unlikely. I'm not accusing anyone here, but my guess is that these guys got a hold of your drug somehow."
"That's not possible, "I said defensively. "There were only two tablets that went out of the Clinic and I gave them both to Bonnie. The remainder of the drug is safely locked away."
Michelle frowned. "Have you ever considered that you may have a disgruntled person in your employ? Someone who has it in for you?"
"Oh, come on Michelle," I replied with some agitation. "There are many people who don't see eye to eye with my way of doing things. But that doesn't mean they're ripping me off."
"It's not beyond possibility, Christiana," she replied, frankly. "Present company excluded, of course."
Bonnie shot both Michelle and I a disconcerting look. "You know what I think? I think you two are ruining my birthday with all this talk about EJAX-472. Can you both just let it go for today? Please? For my sake?"
She issued her request with such earnestness that both Michelle and I were reduced to silence. Yet again I had managed to spread discord in the face of what should have been a happy event—and once again EJAX-472 was at the center of it.
But Michelle got me to thinking. What if there was a traitor in the ranks? What if someone had managed to pilfer some of the drug without my knowledge? Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl were not only my assistants; they were my friends. And Rebecca's recent admission of her guilt regarding her giving Bonnie a copy of the videotape, although a minor infraction, proved to me that her conscience would not allow her to condescend to petty larceny. I had to include Maria in this category as well. Cheryl, being a relatively new addition to my staff, could still be considered outside the boundaries of trust I had long ago established between Rebecca, Maria, and me. However, I believed I knew the girl well enough not to entertain any doubts as to her loyalty. Besides, as Rebecca and I were the only two people who had access to the drug, she, as well as Maria had to be held unaccountable. Of course, the other and more reasonable explanation was that the feats of non-stop sperm production were genuinely intrinsic to the men themselves, and that all my suspicions were groundless. As difficult as this was for me to accept, I had to admit to myself that it was a more plausible theory and one that I chose to entertain rather than think ill of my friends. After mulling these thoughts around for some time, I decided to wait and see what other surprises might befall us as the show progressed before deciding what action, if any, to take.
"What the fuck?" Bonnie said suddenly.
The music had abruptly stopped and I was startled from my reverie by the absence of any human beings on the stage with the exception of one small-sized man who approached the center of the ring with a slow, deliberate gait.
"Holy shit!" Alice exclaimed. "Look at this guy!"
Everyone in the audience gasped.
The man, completely naked, with the exception of an Australian bushman's hat, which he wore on one side of his head, stood about four feet in height and was smoking a cigar. As he walked his legs seemed to wobble slightly, so that he teetered from side to side as he made his way upstage. As he drew nearer I could hear a persistent scratching sound like that of a broom being dragged along the floor. Swish, swish, came the funny rubbing noise with each step the little man took. He seemed to be taking an inordinate amount of time traversing the length of the area, and looking between his legs I realized the reason for his impeded movement. There, trailing behind him, and in all its resplendent glory, was a massive testicular sac containing what could only be described as a huge pair of ripe casaba melons—two wonderfully freakish specimens of elephantiasis of the scrotum.
No one knew what to make of it. I had seen pictures of freaks in medical books that dealt with the subject, but elephantiasis was an abnormality commonly associated with the brain and its surrounding tissue, not the reproductive system. Yet, here he was, standing not more than twenty feet away from us, a living testimony to the non-selective process of the disease at work—a case for the medical books.
"How ya doin'?" he said addressing the crowd. "I'm Joey Balls."
The line was delivered with all the inflection and intent of a Mafioso boss, but the accent was unmistakably Australian. Suddenly, the entire audience erupted with laughter and wild applause.
"Who is this man?" I asked Bonnie.
"I have no fucking idea," she replied awestruck. "He must be an acquaintance of Philip's. I don't know!"
Everyone stood up to get a better look at his gargantuan testicles that sat like two silent sentinels on the floor between his short, stubby legs.
"Jesus Christ!" Maria shouted over the din, "Look at his balls! Look at them!"
Flashbulbs were going off like crazy as the women in the audience tried to get a picture of Joey, some even standing on chairs to snap a shot and some even falling into the laps of their friends as they tried to do so.
I noticed that his penis looked fairly normal, that is, of course, in comparison to a normal-sized scrotum. But the balls themselves were completely out of proportion to the rest of him. It seemed as though the sheer size of his scrotum acted like a counterweight to his rather large head, serving to keep him balanced and upright when he might have otherwise toppled over. I figured him to be a man in his mid to late thirties, clean-shaven with short brown hair, and attractive in a somewhat inexplicable way. I wondered if he had been born with the disease, and if not, how long it took to develop. From a medical standpoint, I knew a little about elephantiasis and its causes, but seeing the mutation up close made me curious as to its pathology.
"All right, all right," Joey said, "settle down, settle down."
It took several more minutes before the crowd's excitement was quelled. He took a long puff on his cigar and waited until everyone was quiet. Seeing that all the women were now patiently awaiting him to speak, he addressed us.
"Thank you ladies, thank you," he began. "That was the nicest reception I ever had."
The little naked man seemed completely at ease, as if addressing a group of women sans clothing was for him nothing more than routine.
"For those of you who are wonderin'," he continued, "I'm the founder of this here sex circus. We come up from Australia about a week ago at the bequest of Mr. Olmstead to perform at his wife's birthday party. After we leave Stockholm, we'll be embarkin' on a worldwide tour, seeing as our show has become so popular. Now I know some of you, probably all of you, are tryin' to figure out how in hell I got me these here two jumbo gibbers between my legs. Well, I'll tell you. I was born with 'em. That's right, born with 'em. So look all you like ladies, I'm proud of my two beauties. And if any of you want to cop a feel of 'em, well you can just come up here and do so."
I was astonished to find myself, along with about half of the audience, get up and walk toward the ring where the little man stood. He remained completely unperturbed at our approach, actively inviting the women to come closer and engage him in conversation. They chatted excitedly amongst each other as they tried to make sense of his fantastic mutation, treating his testicles almost with an air of religious devotion, unabashedly examining the bulging sac by caressing and fondling it, regarding it for all intents and purposes as though it were a separate entity unto itself. Joey was thrilled at all the attention his two nether mates were enjoying, every now and then speaking to the women to remind them that it was he, and not his balls, that possessed the power of speech. He was actually a very gracious and humorous fellow, notwithstanding his somewhat unrefined demeanor. After a while, seeing him naked with his two giant companions resting beneath him became less of a visual absurdity and more of a genuinely enjoyable experience.
"I'm doctor Christiana Swensen," I said to him. "Philip Olmstead's sister-in-law."
"Nice to meet you doc!" he replied, engagingly.
"May I?" I asked him, tentatively reaching out my hand to touch his sac.
"Go right ahead. Everybody else does."
He said this in such a matter of fact, congenial way that I was immediately put at ease. As my hands glided over the taught, smooth area comprising his scrotum, I was overcome by the pleasure of the tactile sensation and involuntarily moaned aloud. He noticed my embarrassment and smiled.
"Not to be ashamed my dear," he said amiably. "Lots of ladies react that way anytime they get near the two blighters. I'll bet you ain't ever seen anything like 'em"
"Never," I replied, as I continued to fondle him. "You say you were born this way?"
"That's right miss. Came out of my mother's womb with these two monstrosities trailin' behind me. Nearly put her under the first time she saw them they did."
"I can understand why."
Before I could utter another word, Bonnie came up from behind me smiling broadly.
"That's some fucking set of nuts you have there pal!" she said to Joey. "Christ! Are they real?"
"Yup, they're the right stuff all right."
Bonnie didn't wait for an invitation. Reaching out her hand she joined mine in fondling the delectable flesh.
"Isn't this amazing, sis?" she said thrilled. "They're the size of watermelons I swear!"
"The eighth wonder of the world is what they are miss," he said, enjoying our caresses.
"I can't get over it," she said continuing to rub her hands over his bloated sac.
I noticed that a few ladies from the film crew had managed to move up through the crowd to capture on film the incredible sight. Joey struck a prideful pose as the cameras came in for a close up of his wondrous equipment.
"Go ahead," he said to the camera crew, "take all the pictures you want."
At one time or another during the next ten minutes everyone who had come to see Joey's pair of oversized balls managed to touch and fondle them. Alice and Patti Ann were beside themselves with laughter as they prodded the huge sac, receiving a hearty compliment from Joey in the process. Michelle stroked him a few times before retiring to her seat, looking somewhat embarrassed to be seen catering to a man she later described as a circus sideshow freak. My assistants were a bit more demonstrative however as the three of them came face to face with Joey's beauties.
"You must have a gallon of sperm in those things!" Rebecca blurted out, unable to hide her admiration.
"I ain't measured it yet, miss," Joey replied in a matter of fact tone, "but I'd say that's a conservative estimate."
"Oh, my God," she said.
He noted all three girls' shocked reaction to this statement with glee.
"How did they get so big?" Maria asked him.
"It's a mystery to me darlin'," he replied.
"Do they bother you?" Cheryl inquired.
"At times they can be a bit inconvenient, but I'm pretty much used to 'em by now."
All of us continued to massage and fondle the enormous sac, commenting on the satiny smoothness of his skin and the utter absence of any surrounding pubic hair.
"How did you come to know my husband?" Bonnie asked Joey.
"Well, miss," he began, "you're husband heard about my circus through a mutual business associate and rang me up. I already had plans for a world tour and saw no good reason why I shouldn't kick off the whole shebang by making your lovely country our first stop."
"How fortuitous for me!" she exclaimed.
"For everybody I'd say, miss," he replied with a grin.
We engaged the little man in conversation for a few minutes more before he politely asked all of us to return to our seats for the finale of the show. As I resumed my seat, Michelle, who was already sitting down, turned to me.
"I'd love to do a study on him, wouldn't you?" she said with enthusiasm.
"Most definitely," I replied. "I'll speak to Philip and see what we can arrange."
She reached out and took my hand. "Maybe we can work on this one together!"
Once the remainder of the women had resumed their seats, Joey again addressed us.
"Ladies, I would now like to introduce you to a woman who has been with me since I started this circus three years ago. She is an amazing athlete and a well-known celebrity in Australia and I know you're going to appreciate her as much as I. Allow me to introduce to you, Kira, the Australian Amazon!"
The orchestra immediately began playing some strange tribal music to accompany the woman as she walked into the ring. I don't think anyone was prepared for what we saw, but if Joey represented the embodiment of the physically gross and absurd, then Kira certainly reflected the polar opposite. Walking onto the stage with all the grace of a big cat was a beautiful black woman almost six feet five inches in height, dressed in nothing but a leopard skin and carrying a long wooden spear. Her raven black hair was long and unencumbered, falling down to her waist in one flowing mass of curls that did indeed give her the appearance of a tribal goddess. She frowned as she approached Joey, holding her spear out in front of her in attack mode, pointing the sharp tip directly at his bulging sac.
"You pathetic little insect!" she screamed at the unsuspecting little man. "I should shove the tip of my spear right into your big, ugly balls!"
As she said this she moved closer to him, her spear only inches from his testicles. Joey made an attempt to protect his bountiful treasures with his hands but it was clearly too much area for his little hands to cover.
"What did I do?" he said meekly, trying to discern the reason for her anger.
"You forgot to say 'Queen' Kira, that's what!" Now say it before I run you through!"
"I'm so sorry your majesty," Joey hastily replied as he gave her a slight bow. "Ladies," he said facing us, "may I introduce you to 'Queen' Kira, the Australian Amazon!"
No sooner had he said that than she backed off, lowering her spear. The audience applauded as she did a formal curtsey.
What followed was a series of acrobatics, gymnastics, and weapons play that were absolutely wonderful in their execution and professionalism. At one point she used Joey as a human target, flinging knives, hatchets, and other pointed weapons at the poor man as he lay helplessly propped up against a wooden frame. It was hard to tell if she was really throwing the weapons or if it was done by some process of legerdemain, but the effect was startling and unnerving to behold.
During the course of the performance, Joey's body was utilized by the wild Amazonian in varying degrees of subservience. At one moment she would have him get on all fours and mount him like a stallion, flagellating his massive balls with a tiny whip in order to goad him forward. The next moment she would have him lie face up on the floor as she stuck her bare feet in his face, wiggling her toes back and forth in his open mouth as she forced him to suck and caress each toe with his tongue. She treated his entire body with casual indifference, as though he were nothing more than a human prop, and Joey seemed to enjoy it because I noticed that during the course of these casually inflicted punishments, he had acquired an immense erection.
Kira noticed the little man's hard on and sneered.
"You like to be abused don't you, you little shit!"
"Yes, your majesty," Joey replied, bowing low.
Kira laughed. "You see, ladies," she said addressing the audience, "this is where the man belongs—at the woman's feet!"
Her statement provoked a round of applause from the crowd.
Without saying another word, she removed her single piece of clothing, revealing a body most women would sell their souls to possess. Every inch of her was cut to perfection, especially her legs, which seemed to go on forever. She straddled Joey with her back to his face and slowly lowered herself onto his giant prick, being careful not to injure his balls as she absorbed the full length of him. Still holding the spear in her right hand, she began squatting up and down on the rigid pole as her left hand caressed his fat, cum-swollen sac. It didn't take her long to cum. Spewing forth a host of epithets in some obscure tribal tongue, she was soon overtaken by the first in a series of very long climaxes that made her entire body shudder. As she reached the height of her final orgasm, she screamed something in her strange dialect and flung her spear across the arena, where it landed with a sharp thud in the wooden partition.
"This is too fucking much," Rebecca said, overcome with lust.
It appeared that my horny assistant had resumed her erotic stimulation begun earlier. She had been playing with herself the entire time and was now on the verge of orgasm. Bonnie knew that Rebecca was close to coming and traded seats with me, offering her own hand to the blonde. Rebecca's face expressed infinite gratitude as Bonnie's hand found its way under her shorts. I watched with amusement as my sister's hand worked its magic on Rebecca's overheated clit, bringing the frustrated woman to a powerful climax within seconds. As her orgasm approached, Rebecca let out a sharp cry and buried her face in Bonnie's shoulder, trying to stifle her moans. She clamped her legs around Bonnie's busy hand, riding my sister's fist like a substitute penis, determined to extract every last bit of pleasure from its incessant motion. I was surprised when Alice moved her head forward and kissed Rebecca several times on the mouth as she climaxed. Rebecca was surprised too but seemed to enjoy the young girl's attention and responded by kissing her passionately.
"Feel better now sweetie?" Bonnie asked, as Rebecca's orgasm subsided.
"Much better," Rebecca replied, her face flushed and glowing. "Thank you."
Bonnie and I traded places once more, but because my attention had been centered on the sex show taking place immediately in front of me, I didn't notice that the little man with the huge nuts was now getting ready to supply his audience with a gift from his own outsized organ. With her back still to him, Kira had positioned herself so that she was now sitting on Joey's face, bouncing up and down on his rigid, outstretched tongue, on the verge of another orgasm. As she climaxed, she dug her ass hard into the man's face, momentarily suffocating him. His own cock, now sticking straight up and rigid as a pole, was engulfed in Kira's hands even as her own climax started to wane. Keeping her ass on his face, but allowing him to breath, she began masturbating Joey's huge tool with long, sensuous strokes. His balls seemed to swell to magnificent proportions in response to her intense handjob.
I'll never forget the look on my friend's faces as the little man was forced to surrender his heavy load at the hands of his mighty Amazonian queen. Their faces registered the same look of astonishment as mine did upon seeing his balls heave and sway as the sperm was coaxed out by Kira's expert manipulations. Then, suddenly, we were all looking in the same direction—behind us—as the first arc of cum sailed over the first ten rows of seats and into the waiting faces of several middle-aged women.
"Whoa!" Alice yelled. "What a shot!"
The recipients of Joey's forceful climax shrieked at the amount of sperm that had carelessly baptized their persons, amazed, as was everyone else, that the cum had traveled so far. But my attention to their plight didn't last long because out of the corner of my eye I saw something whitish approaching me on a planar trajectory—a long, stringy, fluidic missile of vast proportions that was on a collision course with my face.
Aware that I was only a split second away from becoming the next victim, I ducked my head just in time to avoid getting hit head on with a massive load of cum. But Alice, who was sitting directly behind me, was not so fortunate. Burying my face in my lap to protect myself, I felt a portion of Joey's ejaculate splash on my arms and neck. But as I raised my head to look behind me, I saw Alice standing there frozen like a statue, her entire face dripping with the little man's hot sperm. She looked like the victim of a bukake festival.
Patti Ann was in hysterics at her sister's dilemma, joining in with the rest of us as we teased Alice about her new facial.
"You asshole!" Alice screamed at Patti Ann. "Get me some tissues!"
This response provoked even more laughter from all of us, as the unfortunate girl sat back down in her seat trying to wipe away the aftermath with her hands.
Kira coaxed out a series of cumshots that rivaled anything I had ever achieved with EJAX-472. I couldn't account for it. Even as I watched another dozen or so massive wads of cum sail into the audience, the lingering doubts I had previously held in regards to the possible treachery related to my drug began to resurface. There was some connection between the events that were taking place here and some other unknown agency. It was a mystery that demanded to be solved.
After wringing the last few remaining drops of sperm from his now wilted penis, Kira stood up and bowed to the audience amidst a spectacular ovation. She helped Joey to his feet as he, too, took a bow. Handing her a towel to wipe her cum-coated hands, he thanked her publicly for her participation and she then exited the stage in as graceful a manner as she had entered.
"Huge testicles or not," Michelle said to me, "no man can produce that amount of sperm. He's got to be on your drug."
"Do you have proof of that Michelle? Or is this just more speculation?"
"For Christ's sake, what other explanation can there be?"
"I don't know. I have to figure it out."
"There's nothing to figure out, Christiana. You've got a traitor in your midst."
"Oh, shut the fuck up Michelle, would you?" Bonnie snapped. "Nobody's betrayed my sister. These guys are just fucking freaks that's all."
"Quiet!" Rebecca interrupted, "the little guy is speaking."
"...And I bet you're all wonderin' how it's possible for a man like me too shoot so much of the pearly stuff, right? Well, ladies, that's a trade secret. But I'm glad you enjoyed the show. Now, we come to the conclusion of tonight's performance."
He turned to the conductor.
"Maestro, if you please."
To the strains of "Happy Birthday," an enormous artificial birthday cake was wheeled onto the stage by several of the attendants. The cake itself, made of paper mache, must have stood roughly ten feet in height and was decorated with mock white frosting and pink trim. On the side of the cake facing the audience were the words "Bonnie" in huge red script. There was one lone candle on the top of the cake that resembled something one might see decorating an outdoor Christmas display. It was quite an impressive sight.
"Oh, my God!" Bonnie squealed. "I can't believe this!"
As Joey made his way off the stage, a host of circus folk came out dressed in their various outfits and commenced performing a song and dance routine called, appropriately enough, "Bonnie". It was a production worthy of Broadway.
My sister was in tears. The events of the day, some pleasant, some not, but all stress inducing, had finally taken their toll. But her tears were shed in joy, not sorrow, and I held her hand tightly, feeling her body shake uncontrollably.
"Bonnie, are you all right?" I asked.
"Sure sis," she replied, "I'm just overcome."
"Your husband really knows how to put on a show," I said.
The performance concluded to a roaring applause with the two midget acrobats, Packi and Pompi, performing a superb set of flips and somersaults that formed the highlight of the routine.
After the chorus line took their bows, they scattered off in every direction, leaving only the cake itself on stage. The orchestra then began playing the famous "Stripper" theme as the cake mysteriously began to slowly revolve. Each time the cake had moved several feet during its circular motion, a door, previously undetectable to the audience, opened up revealing a young, handsome, well-built man dressed only in a G-string. Within the space of a minute, the cake had exuded ten prime specimens of male beauty as the audience whistled and cheered.
The men stood side by side close to the cake, waiting for it to stop revolving. As it did so, the music stopped abruptly followed by a drum roll. Pointing to the cake, the men shouted in unison, "Happy Birthday Bonnie!" Just then the top of the cake was pushed up and out popped Philip dressed in nothing but a G-string. At the same moment, a round of fireworks exploded from somewhere behind the outer enclosure, sending sparkling colored trailers high into the sky above.
"I love you Philip!" Bonnie screamed from her seat.
He must have heard her because I saw him mouth the words "I love you too" right back at her. The orchestra immediately began playing a famous disco song as the ten men made their way out into the audience. Each of them went off in a different direction as they worked their way toward their respective targets, allowing the women to fondle them as they danced.
During this time Philip extricated himself from the cake and made his way toward us. As he drew near, Bonnie jumped up and threw her arms around him, kissing him fervently.
"This is the best birthday present you could ever have given me!" she said completely overcome with joy.
"Anything for you my love," Philip replied, thrilled to see his wife so happy.
He danced with her then, each of them grinding their hips into the other in time with the music.
While all this was taking place, several attendants set to work moving the giant cake out of the ring. A few moments later they returned carrying what appeared to be a roll of clear plastic, which they laid down on the arena floor, covering the area in its entirety. It reminded me of the same protective sheeting I had used for my experiments, but I had no idea what the present purpose for this material might be.
"Look!" Cheryl suddenly announced, "they're stripping!"
We all followed her gaze and saw that one of the men had removed his tiny bit of clothing and had flung it into the crowd. His semi-erect penis bounced up and down in time with the music, delighting all the women in his immediate vicinity. Soon other shrieks of joy followed as each man, in turn, either removed his G-string, or had it torn off by some zealous woman.
"Okay, Philip," Bonnie said suggestively, "it's your turn."
Not waiting for Philip to respond, she pulled the G-string down with one quick pull, revealing a massive erection.
"Jesus," Bonnie gasped, "where did that come from?"
I had never seen Philip naked, although both he and his wife had often made sexual overtures to me in the hopes of having me participate in a threesome. His penis was actually quite lovely. I estimated him to be about ten inches in length, with a nicely shaped crown adorning a long, thick shaft. The scrotum too was pleasantly shaped and the skin drawn taught around two rather large testicles. Bonnie caught me staring at her husband's equipment and smiled.
"See what you've been missing sis?" she said with pride as she wrapped her hands around his cock.
All the other women surrounding me openly expressed their appreciation of Philip's massive tool, their normal inhibitions relaxed as the result of imbibing large quantities of alcohol. Rebecca stared at his prick with a ravenous look, as if it were a piece of kielbasa. But it was Alice who found it necessary to voice her opinion.
"You have a great-looking cock, Philip," she said with the air of a professional tease.
"I'll bet you'd like to touch it wouldn't you?" Bonnie asked the girl.
"Can I?" Alice replied, her voice dripping with sweetness.
"Philip," Bonnie ordered her husband, "let Alice play with your cock."
I thought this was very generous of my sister, seeing that she was extremely possessive of her husband's genitals. Then I remembered that this young tart was none other than Bonnie herself at an earlier age, replete with the same manipulative mind-set that made Bonnie such an accomplished dominatrix.
Alice moved closer to Philip as he pointed his prick in her direction. Cupping his balls in one hand, she began to quickly masturbate him with the other, as if trying to provoke an orgasm.
"Take it easy," Bonnie warned her, "we don't want him coming just yet."
In deference to Bonnie's order, Alice slowed down her assault on Philip's tool, gently stroking him and looking into his eyes every few moments to gauge his response. Philip stood there dutifully, in complete obedience to Bonnie's wishes, as the masturbation continued for several minutes. I could tell he was enjoying the handjob by the way he rocked his hips back and forth in time with Alice's hand motions. Patti Ann looked on somewhat indifferently, the booze finally taking its toll on her beleaguered brain.
"Okay, that's enough." Bonnie ordered.
Alice stopped masturbating him and returned to her seat, all the while smiling seductively at Philip.
"I almost shot my load," Philip declared.
"She's good," Bonnie admitted, "but it will have to wait for another time."
"Of course, dear," Philip said. "Besides, I have to get back up there anyway."
Kissing his wife several times, Philip made his way back into the arena. He gave a signal for the men to join him as the music came to a halt. He then spoke into the microphone and asked for the crowd to settle down.
"I am a lucky man," he began, smiling. "I'm lucky because not only do I have the most beautiful woman in the world for my wife, but also because she has a heart for hard luck cases like me!"
Everyone laughed.
"Yes," he continued, "Bonnie is a beautiful woman and I just want to say to my wife, 'I love you Bonnie, happy birthday baby!'"
The audience applauded wildly, shouts of 'happy birthday Bonnie' ringing out from all around us. I noticed that my sister was enjoying all this attention, but she seemed to be a bit more composed now, sitting quietly in her seat with a look of anticipation on her face. I knew that the show was nearing its end, but what Philip had in mind I could not fathom. I searched her face for a clue as to what might come, but her expression revealed only happiness coupled with a tinge of expectation. This was only natural, as we were now quickly approaching the grand finale.
The ten naked men formed a semicircle on the stage with Philip standing in the center. They were all exceptionally handsome men at or near six feet in height and all possessed of remarkably muscular physiques. Philip, although much older than his young bodybuilder counterparts, did not look the least bit out of place with them, as he, too, was quite a muscleman in his own right.
"May I have your attention please," Philip began. "My wife has no idea what surprise I have in store for her tonight. But I know that she has been harboring a secret fantasy for many years now and tonight I plan to make her fantasy come true.""Oh, my goodness!" Bonnie exclaimed. "He can't be serious!"
"Serious about what?" I inquired.
"Sshhh," she said. "Let me hear this."
"Ladies, I think it only fitting to cap off tonight's festivities with a bang—agangbang!"
The audience cheered enthusiastically at this outrageous suggestion.
"I can't believe he's going to do this!" Bonnie said, stunned.
Right now I'd like to invite my wife into the ring. Bonnie, please come up."
"Did you have any idea he was going to pull this stunt?" Michelle asked.
"None," Bonnie replied emphatically, "none at all."
"Get up there girl," Rebecca said laughing, "and show them how it's done!"
Alice and Patti Ann giggled at Bonnie's predicament while Maria and Cheryl urged her to join her husband.
"So, that was your fantasy?" I said amused. "To be the target of a sperm shoot?"
"Bulls eye!" she replied overcome with laughter.
Now I understood the reason for the sheets of plastic; it was going to get very slippery up there in a short while.
"Bonnie, please," Philip urged. "We're waiting."
"See you later ladies," Bonnie said, rising from her chair.
"You're really going through with this?" I asked.
"It's my birthday and my fantasy sis, so just sit back and enjoy it."
Amidst the cheers and encouragement of the crowd, Bonnie made her way to the stage. As she walked into the arena she began to fondle each one of the men in turn as Philip looked on approvingly. She went from one guy to the other, kissing them passionately while unashamedly playing with their cocks, until all the men, including her husband, were sporting huge erections.
As the music played softly in the background, I watched as my sister sank to her knees and began to perform fellatio on each of the men, one after the other. Their moans of pleasure wafted over the audience, creating an atmosphere of vicarious lust among the women. This effect was not wasted on me either. Watching her suck one huge tool after the other into her eagerly waiting mouth caused me to become aroused myself. And those cocks were all around a foot long or more. It amazed me to see her take so much meat down her throat without gagging, but she did, and she did it like a pro. Philip himself took no part in the proceedings, preferring instead to simply watch his wife perform while he masturbated himself in voyeuristic fashion.
Having aroused all the men, it was now Bonnie's turn to be serviced. In seconds the men had her stripped naked, her beautiful, tanned body forming a splendid counterpoint to the circle of beefcake surrounding her. Laying her down on the floor, one of the men stuck his head between her legs and began to perform cunnilingus. A few moments later he was replaced by another man and then another, until all ten men had sampled her savory juices. Her cries of ecstasy seemed to go on forever as the men continued to pleasure her, the last man's talented tongue being the one to finally send her over the edge into orgasmic bliss. Rebecca was moaning too, and I looked down to see her fingers driving hard into her vagina as she too joined my sister in attaining an overpowering climax. In fact, judging by the amount of moaning coming from the audience, I surmised many other women were indulging themselves in the same fashion.
"Whoa!" Alice shouted. "He's fucking her in the ass!"
Sure enough, one of the men had entered Bonnie from behind while another man lie under her, his cock deep in her slit. The two men worked their tools in and out of her in an almost frenetic fashion, their faces contorted with lust. The man under her went from one tit to the other, sucking, kissing, and licking the firm mounds of flesh as if they were gifts from the gods. She responded by crying out in sheer pleasure as the combination of both pricks fucking her at the same time made her cum again.
And so it went on for about another half hour until all the men had entered at least one of her several orifices. I counted at least eight or nine separate and distinct orgasms during this randy interlude, but I imagined there must have been dozens more experienced by the women in the audience.
"Those guys are fucking hot!" Alice said aloud to herself.
"Well, you can't have any of them," Patti Ann said.
"That's what you think."
For all intents and purposes, I felt as though I were in a theatre watching a porn movie, except that these were women, not men, who were jerking off to the sex scenes. I could tell that both Maria and Cheryl were turned on but neither of them felt compelled to satisfy themselves in public. Alice and Patti Ann were so busy trading insults that the eroticism of the performance was entirely wasted on them. I think Michelle was more surprised over the whole affair rather than sexually excited, but judging from her reactions to my recent experiment, I knew her attitude could change at any moment. I, myself, was too inhibited to express my sexuality openly before strangers, preferring instead to live out my fantasies in the privacy of my own thoughts. But as I watched Bonnie's small mouth encircle the width of yet another massive tool, some small part of me wished that I could experience the same feelings of sexual wantonness my liberated sister took for granted.
As the last of the men climbed off her, Bonnie rose to her feet somewhat weakened. Philip had a chair brought out for her and placed it center stage surrounded by the ten men, five on each side. As the music came to a stop, Philip spoke to the audience.
"Ladies, I am now going to honor my wife by giving her a 21-gun...I mean a 21-cumsalute!"
He turned to the men.
"Gentlemen, are you ready?"
They responded in the affirmative.
"Okay, Bonnie," he said, "I want you to countdown from 10 to 1."
The drum roll began as my sister began the countdown. As soon as she started, the men began to furiously jerk their huge pricks in unison, their swollen balls bobbing up and down in a most amusing way. They drew in close to her now, ready to fire their full supply of cum over her body.
"Seven," she said, preparing herself for the oncoming launch of semen.
Philip was stroking his enormous prick too, but his tugging seemed to be less insistent. I think he was waiting for the others to unload before he shot off.
"Four," she continued, this time cringing somewhat as the sperm shower grew imminent.
Alice and Patti Ann stood up on their chairs to get a better view and I noticed that the entire audience was now very quiet, awaiting the baptism by cum with hushed enthusiasm.
"Two!" Bonnie cried. "This is it girls!"
Before the countdown ended, the first of the ten cocks erupted in a creamy display of various-sized globs of spunk that spurted an astounding 15 feet into the air. Almost simultaneously, the other men began shooting their loads within seconds of each other, the wads of sticky paste forming vertical lines of continuous white far above Bonnie's head. She squealed as the multitudinous cumshots flew past, lifting her head to follow the ascending streams of joyous spunk as they made their way upward into the night sky, and then quickly raising her hands above her head to shelter her from the inevitable return journey.
I watched in astonishment as the bountiful ropes of sperm came crashing down upon her in one massive collision, her face and hair taking the brunt of the first onslaught. There was no escape. Try as she might, the sticky goo ultimately found its way onto every part of her body. She laughed as stream after stream of sperm was released, the men treating her body like they were icing a cake. Below her, a puddle of spunk had formed and was growing bigger as glob after glob dripped off her body in gelatinous clumps.
What I was now witnessing was something very similar to the "cum on command" technique I had employed during my experiment the week before. I knew that simultaneous ejaculations could occur between two men. I had done that much myself in my Clinic. But to have ten men experience almost simultaneous orgasms was unprecedented. There was no doubt in my mind now that my drug was responsible, and again, Michelle was quick to point out this fact to me.
"Do you still think this is all a coincidence?" she said, unable to tear her gaze away.
I just shook my head. I did not want to even consider the possibility of subterfuge in my ranks, let alone indulge in outright accusations against people when I had no viable proof. Someone had stolen my drug, but when and how it was done remained a mystery.
The last of the cumshots flew out beyond the edge of the arena and then the men drew away from Bonnie, leaving her adrift in a sea of sperm. The audience cheered.
"I need a towel!" she screamed.
Philip handed her a large bath towel and helped her to wipe the thick coating of cum from her body. After she had regained some of her composure, she stood up and approached the microphone.
"Alice, come up here please."
The young girl didn't waste a second as she climbed over her sister and scurried toward the stage. I had no idea what Bonnie had in mind for the girl and Patti Ann looked equally surprised. My curiosity was soon sated when I saw Bonnie take Alice's hand and place it on Philip's cock, while she sat back down in the chair facing the audience. Alice then began a rigorous handjob on Philip, and at the same time guided his prick into Bonnie's waiting mouth. Bonnie swallowed every inch of him, at times forcing Alice to withdraw her hand as her lips slid down to its base. I knew the girl wanted to get her hands on his splendid prick, and she had found a way to do it. She, like my sister before her, had entered the ranks of practiced manipulators.
Alice worked on him like a pro, and in less than a minute he had completely surrendered himself to the overwhelming sensations of her handjob.
"Oh, Alice!" Philip screamed. "I'm creaming for you baby!"
I don't know if Bonnie was bothered by this statement uttered by her husband in the throes of orgasm or not, but her face expressed no displeasure. She ordered Alice to pull back and aim the tip of Philip's prick at her open mouth as the girl furiously masturbated him. Within seconds he started to come, his first spurt shooting out over Bonnie's head and landing several feet behind her. Alice was delighted at the results of her fine handjob and made certain the next shot ended up in Bonnie's mouth. The second rope of sperm found its target, splashing against her tongue and palette with such force that most of the white cream found its way back out of her mouth and onto her legs.
Alice's hand viciously assaulted Philip's swollen cock, demanding from it everything that he had. I watched her force out several ropes of sperm at once, surprised and overjoyed not only at the amount of cum she way extracting, but at the distance it flew. She seemed to have difficulty in getting the fast-spurting streams of spunk to fly into Bonnie's mouth, but Bonnie didn't seem to mind. She merely followed Alice's gaze as together they, along with 300 other pairs of female eyes, saw rope after rope of creamy hot paste shot out over her head and into the void.
Philip looked dazed. He was totally under the control of the young girl's ferocious stroking and let her do with him whatever she wanted. I knew Alice loved the fact that she had this strong, handsome man literally in the palm of her hands. I could only conjecture that Bonnie allowed this because she, in some way, felt she owed it to Philip, either as a reimbursement for the wonderful birthday party he had provided for her, or as a simple gesture of love. In any event, I now knew which of the twins Bonnie favored.
Bonnie took several more shots to her face and mouth as Philip continued to spurt. Alice's stroking remained constant and steady, never once releasing or disrupting her tempo throughout the entire time. She laughed as Bonnie's face became lacquered with Philip's hot paste, aiming his prick so that her entire features were bathed in sperm. One final spurt landed straight in Bonnie's mouth and she swallowed the creamy offering with gusto. Alice then bent down to lick the remaining sperm off of Philip's cock, which delighted my sister to no end. The two women embraced each other and along with Philip they acknowledged the deafening roar of applause with a graceful bow. The show was over, but my investigation into the theft of my drug was about to begin.
Convinced now beyond a shadow of a doubt that what I had witnessed was not the freakish, volume-producing cumshots of a bevy of gifted, but perfectly normal, men, but rather the effects of EJAX-472, I dialed the Clinic on my cell phone in hopes of getting to the bottom of this mystery. I knew that Lynette was now on duty and I asked to speak with her.
"Do me a favor, Lynette." I began, "I want you to go into my office and open the wall safe.
"You want me to open the safe did you say?"
"Yes. It's very important."
I gave her the combination and waited as she wrote down the numbers.
"What's this all about doctor?" she inquired.
"I'm acting on a hunch," I replied. "There are six bottles of EJAX-472 stored in the safe—about 300 tablets of the drug in total. I want you to open the safe and tell me if any of the bottles have been removed. Please hurry."
"Right away, doctor."
I could tell by the tone of Lynette's voice that she was puzzled by my request. But being the dutiful assistant she was, she went about her task without further comment.
Several minutes passed before she came back on the phone.
"They're gone," she said with alarm.
"All the bottles?"
"Yes," she replied. "The safe is completely empty."
"Everything's gone?" I yelled into the phone.
"Everything, doctor," she replied."
Not only had the drug been stolen, but all my papers related to the experiment, including several sample videos, had disappeared from right under my nose. But how?
"Doctor, are you there?"
"Oh, yes Lynette. I'm sorry."
"Is there anything you want me to do?"
"No, I'll take care of it. Thank you."
I hung up the phone unable to believe what I had just heard. It seemed Michelle had been right after all. Someone in my employ had betrayed me.
A burning sensation started to rise up from the pit of my stomach as the realization of the magnitude of the theft was assimilated into my addled brain.
"Who could have done it?" Rebecca asked with disbelief. "You're the only one with the key to your office."
"Well somebody managed to get in!" I said angrily. "Three hundred fucking tablets—60,000 milligrams—of EJAX-472 floating around on the streets! Jesus Christ!"
Michelle jumped into Bonnie's unoccupied seat. "All right Christiana, calm down," she said, putting her hand on my shoulder.
I was so infuriated over the idea that I had been betrayed that I pushed Michelle's comforting hand away.
"I will not calm down! I want to know who did this to me!"
I looked at Maria and Cheryl, then at Michelle and Rebecca, searching each of their faces for any sign of betrayal, even while knowing perfectly well that all of them were completely innocent. I even looked suspiciously at poor Patti Ann, who was now so drunk she looked at me through eyes half closed.
"You're looking in the wrong place," Michelle said, noting my distress. "I think you better speak to Bonnie—now."
"She had nothing to do with it," I said, defensively.
"Not her," she replied, "Philip."
Her insinuation that my brother-in-law could somehow be held suspect left me speechless.
"What the hell are you talking about, Michelle?" Rebecca asked, sharing my surprise.
Michelle stared at Rebecca and me, mystified at our inability to comprehend what she perceived to be perfectly obvious. "Do I have to spell it out for the both of you?" she began. "The theft at the Clinic was done by a professional. And it's highly probable that this thief had a bit of help from the inside. It's also highly probable that these men are not all capable of producing such vast amounts of ejaculate without the aid of some drug—yourdrug Christiana. I'll bet my life on it. Now, there is only one person to my knowledge who has the power, the money, and the connections to pull off such a stunt, and that person is standing up there right now."
The three of us turned our gaze simultaneously toward the arena, where Philip was still taking bows with Bonnie and the entire cast of players. I found it difficult to accept that this otherwise charming and devoted man could be responsible for such a despicable act.
"I can't believe Philip would do such a thing," I said.
"Why not?" Michelle retorted. "It's no secret that the man deals in drugs. Bonnie told me that he's got connections all over the known world. Do you really think he could be that stupid as to not see what's going on right in his own backyard?"
"Well, what do you expect me to do? Go up there and start accusing this man of stealing my drug without any proof?"
"Proof?" Michelle barked. "You have all the proof you need right here, and 300 women to vouch for it!"
"And it's all on film," Rebecca reminded me.
I did not want to believe what Michelle was telling me, but her explanation was entirely plausible. Philip was indeed a very powerful man and certainly had the resources available for his many and varied extravaganzas like the one we were being treated to right now. If what she said was true, I would have to intervene. But I was not going to go to the police under any circumstances. To implicate my sister in Philip's illicit scheme would mean dragging the both of them down into the nether regions of Sweden's highly bureaucratic legal system, a journey into a hellish world from which neither would escape intact. I could not do this to her. Even Philip, with all his power and prestige, would not be exempt from the harsh punishments inflicted upon those who deal with illegal drugs. Up to this point he had been lucky, and I did not want to be the one to be responsible for destroying the lives of my sister and her husband in my quest for the truth. However, if he was guilty, I was not about to let him get away unscathed. Bonnie, I knew, would not allow it either. I made this clear to both my friends.
"Okay, Michelle, you've convinced me," I said with reluctance. "Ladies...I'm going to need you all now."
"We're with you boss." Rebecca said.
"What are you going to do?" Michelle asked.
"We know Philip has been given the drug. But if the other men have EJAX-472 in their bloodstreams, then they should be able to provide us with another series of massive ejaculations. I'm going to put my theory to the test."
"What if you're wrong, doctor Swensen?" Cheryl asked.
"If I'm wrong, I'll look like a fool and my sister will probably disown me. But if Philip is behind all this, he will have to be punished. In any event, we've got to know the truth. Let's go."
Rebecca, Cheryl, Maria, and I walked quickly toward the arena. During the few moments it took us to make the trip, many thoughts ran through my mind, not the least of which was how my sister was going to react to my accusations about her husband. The music was still playing and most of the performers were still in the arena as I made my way toward the microphone. My unexpected entrance surprised Bonnie and Philip, but I said nothing to either of them as I tried to formulate the words to the speech I knew had to be delivered. The girls remained at the edge of the ring, awaiting my instructions. I noticed that the evil clown, who was standing far to my right, had a dour expression on his face, as if in anticipation of something unpleasant about to happen.
"What the hell are you doing sis?" Bonnie asked, perplexed.
Without a word to my sister, I asked the orchestra to stop playing and then proceeded to address the audience.
"May I have your attention please," I began. "My name is Dr. Christiana Swensen. I am Bonnie Olmstead's sister and I want to apologize to her and everyone here for this intrusion. However, I have something very important to say."
Taking a deep breath, I continued.
"Last week I conducted an experiment at my Clinic to test the viability of a drug I created called 'EJAX-472'. In essence, EJAX-472 is a male fertility drug that helps men with sexual dysfunctions by increasing sperm volume and sperm count. I recently learned that several bottles of the drug have been stolen from my Clinic and I have very good reason to believe, based on the amount of ejaculate produced here tonight, that all these men have taken the drug. I don't know who stole it or how it was accomplished, but it is my belief that Philip Olmstead is—all, or in part—responsible."
The response from the crowd was one of complete shock. Philip stared at me as though I were some invading alien from outer space that had just crash-landed on his lawn. Bonnie couldn't believe what she was hearing.
"Are you out of your fucking mind?" she exclaimed.
"Ladies," I said into the microphone, "with very few exceptions, no normal man could have produced the kind of orgasms you have witnessed here tonight. I am telling you that these ejaculations were artificially induced by the ingestion of EJAX-472. It is my intention to prove that Philip Olmstead managed to get his hands on my drug so that he could use it for his own selfish ends. I accuse him of theft and the unlawful and unethical use of EJAX-472!"
My accusation against my own brother-in-law was a bitter pill to swallow for the unsuspecting, incredulous crowd, most of who knew Philip and admired him greatly. I noticed the hurt in his eyes, but I also noticed something else—guilt; that downcast, furtive look I had come to know so well from years of intimate acquaintance. That one look made me want to prosecute him even more.
Suddenly, I felt a sharp tug on my arm.
"How could you!" Bonnie said, trying to keep her voice down. "How could you do this to me!"
"Why don't you tell her the truth Philip?" I asked him.
"There is nothing to tell," he said without looking at me. "I think you'd better leave."
"Not until you tell me the truth," I demanded. "Did you give my drug to those men?"
"No!" he said emphatically.
"Give it up sis," Bonnie warned. "You're making us all look like fools up here."
"Wake up Bonnie!" Do you really think those men could cum like that without the help of my drug?"
"Maybe, I don't know," she replied, visibly upset. "Maybe some guys can come like that without taking your damn drug. But to accuse my husband..."
"You must think I'm stupid not to have figured it out Philip," I said interrupting her. "I know the physical reactions to my drug. I can recognize their effects anywhere. For a while I wasn't sure, but that's because I didn't want to face the fact that one of my friends might have betrayed me. But after that last display, I have no doubt in my mind that EJAX-472 is responsible. And to prove my theory, I'm going to ask all the men who performed here tonight to come back into the arena and allow themselves to be masturbated."
"Oh, boy, you've really lost it Christiana!" Bonnie said angrily.
"What is that going to prove?" Philip asked, his lips trembling.
"If I am right, then all the men will experience multiple sustained orgasms, producing volumes of sperm that would be completely impossible if the drug were not in their systems. They will not be able to help themselves."
"Forgive me," he said in a suddenly authoritative manner, "but you can't order anyone to do anything. This is my house and I am..."
"No, wait a minute Philip," Bonnie interrupted. "What better way to prove to the whole world that my sister is a raving lunatic?"
"Bonnie, no..." he protested.
"Yes, Philip," she said decisively. "Since she got here she's been doing everything in her power to ruin my birthday. And now this! Calling my husband a liar and a thief in front of all my friends. I've been embarrassed and humiliated and I've had it!"
Remaining steadfast in her selfishness, I noticed that it was my sister, and not her husband, who had been the victim of embarrassment and humiliation. Even in times of trial, it was always about Bonnie.
"This is ridiculous." The show is over," Philip stated.
"The show is not over until I say it is. Do as she asks."
Philip looked uncomfortable in his nakedness.
"Is this necessary Bonnie?"
"Yes, it's necessary. I don't want people accusing you of things that aren't true, even if the one making the accusations happens to be my own sister."
She thrust her hands on her hips and glared at me.
"I can't believe you would do such a thing on my birthday, Christiana," she continued. "I'm going to prove you wrong once and for all. And when this is all over, I never want to see you again!"
"Bonnie, please..."
She turned her back on me at that point and I decided that it was useless to win her over with words alone. She would have to have the evidence staring her right in the face if there was any chance of convincing her of her husband's treachery.
Philip made one more attempt to dissuade Bonnie from having the men perform, but she only had to look at him once to make him understand that her orders were to be carried out immediately and without question.
During the course of the evening, fourteen men had publicly ejaculated, not including the young waiter, Craig, who was subsequently ordered to join all the others in the ring. It was my guess that these man had plenty of ejaculations left in them, and I was anxious to get at the truth.
Within minutes, Bonnie had ordered all fifteen men to line up in a straight line directly in front of the arena, forbidding the camera crew to film any portion of the upcoming event. She waited patiently while Joey Balls slowly made his way forward, hindered slightly by his massive scrotum.
"This ain't gonna work miss," he said haughtily as he slithered by.
The little man, who just a short time ago had convinced us all that his good-natured manner was genuine, now seemed to be revealing a darker side of his personality. A few times I heard him curse under his breath, looking at Philip with unconcealed disgust and making ungentlemanly remarks to some of the women and me. Bonnie overheard his wayward comments and said something to him that made him fall silent. I never learned what she said to him, but he quickly drew his hands over his testicles, his face with flushed with fear.
After all the men had been assembled, Bonnie turned to me.
"Go ahead Christiana, it's your show," she said defiantly. "Make them cum if you can."
The other circus performers stood off to the sides of the stage, eagerly anticipating the event about to take place. Bonnie and Philip stood to my left—quiet, taciturn, with arms folded. I ordered Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl to participate along with the two midgets, Packi and Pompi, and five other women from the group of performers, including Kira the Amazon. Alice, still onstage from her earlier performance, was forbidden to participate upon Bonnie's orders. I finally had to ask for four volunteers from the audience, and after a few minutes all the women were positioned next to the men they were going to masturbate.
Seeing that all was ready, I spoke to the crowd.
"It is my belief that these men are under the power of my drug and, as such, are completely susceptible to its influence. My guess is that all of them will experience orgasms of great magnitude no less than one minute from the time masturbation begins. In effect, what all of you are going to witness now is something that can only be accomplished by using my drug: multiple ejaculations that should last for at least 30 seconds or more—quite impossible for a 'normal' man. This will prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that my assertions regarding Philip Olmstead are indeed the truth."
I noticed that while I was giving my speech, the members of the orchestra had relinquished their seats and had moved to the far right of the arena, the gentlemen allowing their female associates to stand in front of them. And way off to the rear I could see the forlorn face of the evil clown, standing by himself near the stage exit. He lurked there furtively, unwilling to take a front row seat but too fascinated to stay away.
The air was filled with nervous tension as the men and their masturbators awaited my order to begin. I could see Michelle giving me the 'thumbs up' from her seat, and I frowned when I noticed that Patti Ann lay slumped over her chair, drunk.
Joey stood in the center of the line of men, his huge balls jutting out toward the audience in all their magnificent, mutated glory. Kira the Amazon stood next to him, looking every bit like a regal queen, her hands coated with lotion and ready to perform their masturbatory duty.
I performed a cursory examination of all the men's testicles, and even from a distance I could tell their respective sacs were bloated beyond what might be considered normal—definite proof that the drug was working. In Joey's case it was hard to discern the outward effect of the drug due to the outrageous size of his scrotum, but as I ran my hands over the protruding sac I could feel the telltale sign of billions of sperm rushing to coalesce with their brothers, demanding release.
"I don't need no drug to help me with my ejaculations miss," he said proudly, reveling in the feel of my hands on his balls. "I manage those long spurts of juice just fine on my own."
"I don't believe you," I replied, gently poking his sac.
"Believe it or not miss, it's the truth."
He stared at my hands as they felt around his sac.
"What are you doing?"
"This is amazing," I said in a hushed voice.
"What is?" he replied.
I quickly shifted position so that I could reach every area of his burgeoning balls,
feeling the influx of seminal fluid collect in massive pools at the base of his sac. It seemed as if he were manufacturing sperm at an unbelievably enormous rate, and I knew his masturbation was going to trigger an ejaculation of astounding proportions. I invited Kira to examine his balls, and as she did so she looked at me with a huge grin.
"It's like a water balloon!" she said excitedly.
Joey reacted to our inspection with dismay.
"Will you tell me what's going on doc?" he demanded.
"Get ready Mr. Balls," I said giving his sac one last poke.
"Get ready for what?"
"For the biggest 'cumplosion' you've ever experienced!" I replied laughing.
"Ha, ha..." he replied mocking me. "Cumplosion, that's good one doc! Ha, ha!"
"I'm not kidding," I replied earnestly. "If I were you," I said turning to Kira, "I'd stand well off to one side, otherwise you'll get drenched."
"Ain't no one gonna get drenched miss," he said flatly, "cause no one here is gonna shoot their bloody load!"
"You have no choice Joey," I said in a patronizing tone. "Your body is producing sperm at or near 300 percent—the result of taking my drug. And nothing on earth can stop you from ejaculating."
"I ain't taken your drug miss and I got complete control over my privates," he said with false bravado.
"In less than a minute from now," I said with assurance, "your balls are going to release about one full quart of sperm—more sperm, Mr. Balls, than any man has ever ejaculated at one time. And I am going to enjoy watching every single spurt!"
"Aw, go on you little fluffer," he spat. "Just for that I ain't even gonna get a goddamned hard on. How's that, eh?"
He continued to rant at me as I walked away from him, his promises of self-control turning into ravings of admonishment. Kira managed to calm him down somewhat, but he continued to hurl insults at me.
"Now listen to me, please," I said to the women, all of who seemed anxious to get underway. "I want you to give your man a rigorous handjob. Don't hold anything back. The sooner you get him to cum, the better. And it doesn't matter to me how you do it. Is that understood?"
The women nodded in general assent. I noticed that Rebecca had an extremely handsome man to work on and she smiled at me with supreme self-confidence, knowing that very shortly he would be relinquishing his sperm to her in gooey spasms of surrender. Maria and Cheryl stood on either side of her with determined looks on their faces, patiently awaiting my orders.
"Each of you will please take your man's penis in hand," I instructed.
I waited while each of the women did as I ordered.
"There's going to be a lot of ejaculate flying around, so be prepared. Just stay out of harm's way and keep stroking until you milk out every last drop of cum."
Looking out at the audience I noticed that the female members of the orchestra were standing quite close to the stage. I advised them to back away but they either didn't believe what was about to happen or didn't care and remained where they were. I looked at Bonnie who just frowned and shook her head at me in disgust. Philip stood next to her, uneasy and timorous, with a look of infinite worry on his face.
I then looked at my watch and gave the final countdown.
"Ready ladies? You will begin the masturbation...now!"
A flurry of hands immediately set to work on the flaccid pieces of man meat they held in their grasp. I quickly moved to the left of the stage as each woman applied her skills on her respective subject, the combined effect of all their hands' activity inducing many in the audience to break into fits of laughter. Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl stood at the far end of the stage where I was now standing, each girl furiously pumping the cocks they held in their hands, teasing and coaxing them to surrender their sticky loads. From my vantage point all I could see was a long row of flexing penises, simultaneously growing in length and girth as the 15 pairs of female hands worked their collective magic. Within seconds, each woman was suddenly the proud possessor of a stiff and swollen cock—delighted to see such little effort yield such ample reward.
I watched with amusement as a few of the men tried to prevent themselves from becoming erect. One man tried whistling to distract himself from the luxurious handjob he was receiving at the hands of a beautiful, tall blonde. This made the girl concentrate on the sensitive tip of his glans even more as she hurled a litany of sexual slurs at him. In a matter of seconds he had stopped whistling and had shut his eyes tight, probably hoping that blocking the visual sensations would somehow lessen the effect of the girl's assiduous handjob. It didn't work. She laughed aloud as his prick continued to swell to even greater dimensions, looking at me with a wicked grin as her lovely hand moved swiftly up and down his long, sperm-clogged shaft, ecstatic over her victory over him.
Joey Balls seemed to be having difficulty too. For all his macho boasting about his being able to prevent himself from becoming erect, his prick was the first of the bunch to achieve full distension—a glowing tribute to the fine masturbatory skills of the beautiful Amazon. Kira worked his huge cock with both hands, pulling on the turgid pole of flesh with hard, upward strokes, heedless of his complaints. He looked at me steely-eyed, as if his anger could somehow prevent the inevitability of his climax. Thirty seconds had passed.
Almost as if on cue, all the men began to moan aloud as the combined effects of the drug and the efficacious handjobs took their toll. Sensing that her man was ready to explode, Rebecca relaxed her hand on his cock, waiting until I shouted the one-minute interval aloud before forcing out his orgasm. Maria and Cheryl, although not displaying as much finesse as more practiced masturbators like Rebecca, seemed to be having no trouble in getting their respective studs to surrender to their ministrations. The two girls giggled and joked with each other as they casually stroked the giant cocks they held in their hands, watching them grow until the crowns on each prick had turned a bright purple.
But the most entertaining sight of all was watching both Packi and Pompi masturbate their men, each of whom was well over six feet tall. Packi, instead of standing off to the side of her man to perform the handjob, stood between his legs and masturbated him with both hands above her head. Pompi, on the other hand, had taken a small wooden stool and had placed it to the left side of her man, preferring to masturbate him from an elevated position. I could tell that both men were extremely turned on watching the two pretty midgets because they complimented the girls relentlessly at the way they handled their pricks with such skill. Both girls responded to this unexpected praise by using one of their tiny hands to hold the men's balls while they used the other hand to stroke the men's cocks. I had to suppress a laugh as I watched them, not wanting to compromise the results of my experiment by drawing too much attention to the ludicrous sight.
"Fifteen seconds!" I shouted, preparing myself and all those around me for the onslaught of sperm.
Under normal conditions Bonnie would have joined in the masturbatory fun, but now she simply stood and watched in silent anticipation, not knowing what to expect or what to do should I prove her husband to be a fraud. I knew she hated me at this point. I had accused her husband of horrible things before an audience composed mostly of her friends: people, who like her and Philip, comprised the upper strata of Sweden's social and political scene. And although I, too, enjoyed great social prestige by virtue of my medical reputation, my sister and her husband were part of the higher echelons of society: a world inhabited by only the very rich and powerful who seldom allowed people of lesser social stature entrance into their sacred and private sanctuary unless in deference to a considerably influential member. Such was the case with my sister and me. She was the gatekeeper and I was nothing more than a gatecrasher. If my theory proved to be incorrect, these people would see to it that I would become the laughingstock of Sweden, not to mention my ostracism from my sister and her family.
I would recall later on that Bonnie's fateful decision not to have filmed the scene about to take place was something both she and I would live to regret. Michelle, who, in her wisdom, had the presence of mind to take pictures of the event with her camera, provided the only visual record of the event. She had only managed to take five or six pictures in total because her film had run out, but the pictures themselves revealed such an astonishing visual representation that they would ultimately withstand the closest scrutiny and refutation of the legal authorities who, in the not too distant future, would prevail upon me to disclose all information related to my studies with EJAX-472. Additionally, these same pictures would serve to play an instrumental role later on when I needed to provide physical evidence of my claims before a group of incredulous medical colleagues.
Momentarily lost in thought regarding these issues, it was the screams of the women in the audience that first alerted me as to what was taking place in the arena. Due to her magnificent masturbation technique, Rebecca had her man shooting his load several seconds before the others. Holding one of his ass cheeks firmly with one hand and stroking his cock wildly with the other, I watched as the first jet of cum spurted an incredible twenty feet away into the first row of seats, near to where Michelle was sitting. Rebecca looked right at me and said 'Wow!' as she laughed aloud, amazed at how far the cum had traveled. The women who had been sitting in the first row squealed as the thick rope of spunk caught them unawares, and quickly scampered off to a safer area, riffling through their pockets for anything to help them wipe the sperm from their clothes.
And then the second spurt followed, but this time it was joined by another fourteen ropes of equally thick and stringy sperm, fifteen stupendous arcs of cum all following a seemingly predetermined trajectory that shot out at a 45 degree angle into first several rows of seats, bathing everyone in its path with its sticky residue. Seeing one man perform such a feat was fabulous enough, but seeing fifteen cocks spit their collective juices all at once in perfect unison was utterly exemplary and its effect was not wasted on the crowd, who, when they were not retreating from the creamy bombardment, applauded and cheered loudly.
Over and over the jets of sperm were forced out, like someone taking a hammer to a bottle of hand lotion. The women doing the masturbating were both astonished and amused as they watched in total disbelief at the vast amounts of cum they were coaxing out of their subjects. I saw Maria laughing right along with the rest of them, shouting a slew of Spanish euphemisms each time another launch of semen took place. Her lovely hands, now coated with a generous helping of sperm, teased her man's prick to release several long strings of goo that seemed to defy the laws of gravity as they traveled upward to join the other streams of opalescent paste. I followed her gaze as she watched the cream sail out into the night air—a cascade of white rain that seemed to hang suspended for an instant in mid air until breaking up into its constituent globules and falling to the ground in one massive, slimy display.
"Doctor!" Cheryl shouted. "Look at this!"
Cheryl had been masturbating her man with very firm, sharp pulls, causing him to spurt shorter but more intense blasts of cum with every upward thrust. She seemed to find this highly amusing, as if she was milking a cow. The man looked down at his prick in wonderment, unable to comprehend the continuous flow of semen that seemed to obey the whim of the pretty brunette's artfully stroking hands. He appeared to be spurting one long rope of cum every second, and I counted along with her about twenty individual ejaculations in the space of twenty seconds. Eventually, she stopped stroking him so hard and simply let his prick rest upon her open palm as he fucked her hand and continued to cum.
Bonnie stood with her husband directly behind me and toward the far end of the stage. The expression on her face reflected a mixture of shock and dismay. Philip hung his head down meekly, knowing that his bluff had been called. It was not his nakedness that was causing him shame but his outright deceit and fraudulent behavior toward everyone, including his wife. How she would choose to react to his treachery I could not determine, but I knew that she had dolled out quite severe punishments to him in the past, and I surmised this new breach of trust would require no less harsh disciplinary action. As pleased as I was in proving my theory, I was nonetheless filled with anxiety over the thought that I may have caused an irreparable rift between my sister and myself by virtue of my success and subsequent disclosure of Philip's subterfuge. In some ways, EJAX-472 had become for me both a blessing and a curse. I would have to wait and see if my exposure of the truth would lead to a healing of wounds between Bonnie and me, or to a complete dissolution of our sibling friendship.
Amidst all the cacophony taking place on stage, two squeaky, high-pitched giggles cut through the din. It was Packi and Pompi, both hard at work on their respective men. Packi, who was standing directly underneath her man, was literally soaked with sperm from head to foot—all three feet, five inches of her, and she was squealing with joy at the results she was obtaining from the massive squirting tool above her head. Pompi, however, had managed to keep her body from being drenched, but both her hands were dripping with cum, causing the little girl to shriek with delight every time a portion of her man's orgasm ended up splashing into her tiny hands.
The repeated moans of pleasure from the men filled the air as their masturbation continued unabated. Only thirty seconds had passed from the first man's orgasm, but the lawn directly in front of the arena, and the arena itself, was completely saturated with sperm.
Kira, meanwhile, was busy handling Joey, provoking his prick to release a dozen or more cumshots in rapid succession before she decided to masturbate him with both hands. This technique caused him to shoot even longer arcs of cum into the general fray. Joey, himself, teetered back and forth on his little spindly legs as each jet of sperm was ejected from his body. I laughed as his gargantuan nuts throbbed violently with each spasm, forcing Kira to employ her upper body to help keep the little man stable. He had boasted to me that he would not allow himself to cum, but he was now producing more sperm than any man on stage, corroborating my claim that he had been taking my drug and proving to me that he was nothing more than a big-mouthed liar. 'Serves you right you little fuck!' I said to myself as yet another round of cream found its way out of his prick.
It was spectacular watching all these cocks shooting off at once, and for a while I just stood and admired the fireworks-like celebration. The reactions on some of the men's faces were priceless as they watched in shock as their cocks continued to shoot out the massive loads of sticky fluid. Sometimes these ejaculations would simply arc out into the audience on their own separate journey. At other times, two streams would crash into each other, causing an explosion of creamy sperm globules that hung momentarily in the air before splashing onto the ground below. A full sixty seconds had now passed and the rivers of sperm were still flowing.
Suddenly, I heard some sharp words being exchanged from behind me. Bonnie and Philip were now standing behind a few other people just out of my range of vision and were engaged in a very heated argument. Shifting my position, I watched as Bonnie grabbed him by the balls with one hand and pulled him toward her. His face contorted with pain as she maintained her grip on him, the truth of my accusations now irrefutably borne out by my test—uncontestable evidence that Philip had indeed deceived all of us. The extent of his crime was as of yet indeterminable, but that he had lied about using the drug was now clearly evident. He made a motion to move away from his wife but she held him firmly, demanding answers to her questions. He looked down at the floor dejectedly, looking for all intents and purposes like a scolded puppy on a leash.
I turned around just in time to see a final jet of sperm fly into the darkness. Or so I thought. While all the other men's orgasms had now subsided, Joey's cock refused to stop ejaculating, and continued to shoot out huge ropes of cum in every direction. Kira, and the rest of the people in Joey's immediate vicinity, ran for their lives as the thick, viscous cream shot out indiscriminately like an unmanned fire hose, coating everything within a thirty-foot radius with its slimy effluence.
"Me fuckin' beauties are goin' wild!" Joey screamed in alarm. "Help!"
There was really nothing I, nor anyone else, could do except watch and wait for his orgasm to stop. But the sight of his little body rocking to and fro to the force of his ejaculations provoked howls of laughter from everyone, including myself. With each new ejaculation his enormous twin mutations bounced up and down like a pair of water balloons, making his already off-balance frame tilt back and forth as it waited to collapse upon itself. The sight of his tiny arms gesticulating wildly in mid air in an effort to maintain his equilibrium was so hilarious that I actually shed tears of laughter. But instead of providing him with added support, his frantic movements only served to topple him over onto his back, driven to this supine position by the weight of his unwieldy sac. As he kicked his little legs in an effort to stand up, his cock continued to squirt, sending a barrage of sperm high up into the air. Even Bonnie and Philip, who themselves were in a sticky predicament of their own, had to stop and stare at the hilarious sight; their somber expressions turning to joy as they were unable to prevent themselves from laughing.
A few minutes later Joey's cock ceased squirting and he was helped to his feet by a few of his fellow associates, his entire body awash in his own juices. The little man could barely walk as he was led out.
"Fine thing to do to a man," he said to me with malice. "You and your drug be damned!"
"Go and wash up Joey," I replied coolly. "You look ridiculous."
He stood there momentarily with his own sperm dripping off his face in unappealing clumps, regarding me with contempt.
"I'll go get cleaned up all right," he said walking past me. "But I'll be back. You ain't gettin' rid of me yet miss."
I didn't know what to make of his threat but I thought it ludicrous that he should even make such a statement in his weakened and soiled condition.
Within minutes, several attendants exited the main house with buckets of water, mops, and disinfectants in hand. They cleaned the entire front area of the stage, removing every last vestige of sperm and the plastic sheeting that had been laid down earlier. The lawn directly in front of the arena was covered over with tarp to prevent anyone from slipping and falling on the semen-slick grass.
As the rest of the people exited the arena, only Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl remained along with Alice, Bonnie, and Philip, who was now standing silent and obedient as she began once more to berate him. Most women at this point would have opted to take their argument indoors, or better yet, avoid the confrontation entirely by walking away. Not Bonnie. In this respect she was like me: she would rather confront an issue head on rather than ignore it and let it fester. This was fine in itself, but unlike me, instead of keeping her arguments private, she would turn the entire affair into a public spectacle. I could tell by the determined look on her face that this is exactly what she now intended to do. Telling Alice to return to her seat, she took her husband in hand.
"Come with me!" she ordered Philip, as she led him by his penis toward the microphone.
"Bonnie don't you think..." I started to say.
"Relax, sis," she said calmly. "I'm not mad at you."
Although I was pleased to hear that my sister was on my side once more, I viewed her handling of Philip with some trepidation.
"What do you think she's going to do?" Rebecca asked.
"I don't know," I replied. "Maybe you and the girls should go and get yourselves washed up."
"Okay, boss. But I kind of like the way this cum clings to your fingers," she said with a giggle. "Funny stuff, isn't it?"
As my three friends started to walk away, Bonnie caught their attention.
"No, don't go. We're all in this thing together."
The girls looked at me for direction.
"It's okay," I said reassuringly. "Stay with me."
Noticing my friends' sperm-coated hands, Bonnie ordered her attendants to bring some wet towels. These items were shortly provided, and as the three girls began to clean the cum off their hands, Bonnie smiled at me. The four of us stood several feet away to the left of her and her husband, waiting to see what she would do. Still maintaining her grip on Philip's penis, my sister addressed the audience.
"My husband would like to make a public confession."
She turned to Philip.
"If you please..."
It must have been awkward for him to be standing there on stage naked with his balls in his wife's hands. I could only imagine the things that were running through his head as he sought to find the words to explain his treachery. It seemed that he was no longer her "dear" husband and would have to be punished. What form that punishment would take I couldn't guess, but knowing my sister's proclivity for theatrics, it was bound to be a production on a grand scale.
"Ladies," he began, "my intention was to provide my wife with a spectacular birthday, and in this respect I believe I have succeeded."
Philip drew away from the microphone, hesitant to continue. Bonnie glowered at him.
"I'll rip these things right off," she said threateningly, "if you disobey me."
She tightened her grip on his balls for emphasis, and his face expressed visible pain. I noticed his scrotum was beginning to swell—a positive indication that he had been taking EJAX-472 for at least several days, contrary to what he had led me to believe.
"About a week ago I was contacted by a man who told me that he was in the possession of a drug that could increase the volume and distance of a man's ejaculation. At first I thought it was just a crank phone call, but after learning of my sister-in-law's discovery of EJAX-472 and the man's association with her experiment, subsequently corroborated by my dear wife, I decided to meet with him to purchase the drug."
"What man are you referring to you?" I demanded of Philip, wanting to know whom it was who had ripped me off.
"Well," he replied, quickly looking around, "he's here tonight."
He looked out toward the bandstand and pointed to a smallish man in a black and white polka dot clown suit sitting on a small red tricycle. "That's him," he said, "the little guy on the bike."
No sooner had Philip finished speaking than the evil clown made a mad dash over the lawn toward the front of the house, running over flowers and shrubs as he frantically pedaled his little tricycle.
"Get him!" I cried.
Several attendants tried to capture him but the clown was too fast for them. In his desperate attempt to flee, the he crashed his vehicle into a bunch of women seated in the last row of chairs. As he fell off his bike, several of the women who were still standing began beating him with their fists in a fit of anger. At the same moment I saw Kira the Amazon appear on stage. She had responded to my plea and rushed onto the lawn in the direction of the melee, brandishing a boomerang in her hands. The clown had beaten off his attackers and was now running again at full speed toward the front gate. Curses assailed him as he tripped and fell repeatedly into the multitudinous bushes and underlying shrubs that adorned the periphery of the flower garden.
Steadying her splendid six foot, five inch frame, Kira raised the boomerang above her head, aiming it toward the running man. With one graceful gesture, her arm swung out, releasing the weapon into the air. The boomerang flew out over the heads of the audience in the direction of the fleeing clown and hit him in the back of his head, felling him. All of us cheered at seeing him brought low and in seconds several attendants had captured him and brought him on stage kicking and screaming. Kira was given a standing ovation for her marvelous feat, and she bowed gracefully, recognizing their appreciation with a regal nod.
"Get that little mother fucker up here!" Bonnie ordered her attendants.
As the evil clown was carried onto the stage I had an impulse to punch him in the face. There was something about him, something eerily familiar about his sinister laugh that tormented me since he first hosed me down earlier in the day. My intuition told me that my previous baptism by water, and the menacing way he had attempted to whip me, was not done in an attempt to induce a chuckle from the audience, but to physically abuse me publicly, and performed solely at his own discretion. Hiding behind that black and white makeup lay the true identity of the man who had stolen my life's work. It was time for him to make amends.
Two muscular attendants held the clown from each side, restraining him. He looked straight ahead, not moving a muscle.
"Get me something to take this crap off his face," Bonnie said to one of the attendants as she finally let go of Philip's testicles.
While she waited for the man to return, my sister looked the clown over from head to foot.
"Take off his hat," she instructed.
The attendant pulled off the clown's hat and threw it aside revealing a head topped with dark, curly hair.
"A gentleman always removes his hat in the presence of a lady," Bonnie said, chastising him.
The clown started to say something in reply but thought the better of it and simply shrugged.
"I'll bet you wanted to tell me to fuck off, didn't you, you little prick," she said. "What's your name?"
The clown remained silent, refusing to look at my sister.
"I asked you what your name is asshole!" she shouted.
Again the clown remained unmoving.
"Philip," she said trying to keep her anger in check, "who is he?"
"He never gave me his name," he replied nervously.
Bonnie looked at him with scorn. "Are you telling me that you don't know the names of the people you do business with?"
"Oh, I do, I do," he said somewhat embarrassed, "but not in this particular line of business, my dear."
"Well, what do you know about him?"
"Nothing, my dear. Nothing."
The attendant returned holding a small bottle and a rag in his hands.
"Wipe that shit off his face please," she ordered.
The attendant opened the bottle and tipped it forward, releasing a small amount of clear liquid onto the rag. As he went to apply the solution to the clown's face, the little bastard raised both his legs up and kicked outward, sending the attendant flying across the stage and onto his back.
"You little fuck!" Bonnie screamed as she drove her fist into his face.
The evil clown howled in pain as he reeled back from the blow.
"Put him on the recliner before he hurts someone else," I said to Bonnie.
"Hey!" she said smiling. "Great idea sis!"
She turned to her attendants.
"Bring that rack thing out here right now and strap this asshole into it."
The clown looked at me, his eyes full of hate.
The adjustable wooden recliner was rolled out, the same device that had previously secured the lion man, and the evil clown was strapped into it standing upright, his arms and legs spread-eagled. Through it all, he remained silent.
"I'm going to take your makeup off now," Bonnie said to the clown, "and if you make any attempt to bite me or spit at me, I'm going to have one of these very big and strong gentlemen take over and I'll order them to slap your face repeatedly until all the makeup if off. Do you understand?"
The clown nodded once. Pleased at his response, Bonnie proceed to remove the makeup. About halfway through she turned to me and offered me the rag.
"Go ahead, sis. This is the little shit who stole from you. By rights, you should have the honor."
Anxious to learn the identity of this miserable creature, I grabbed the rag out of her hands and quickly resumed where she had left off. As I wiped away the makeup I could sense his hatred of me, and this made me wipe his face even harder, trying to make the experience more unpleasant for him.
Slowly, as each swipe of the cloth brought me further toward the truth, so also did the fragmented pieces of memory begin to coalesce into something more tangible. I knew this person. And had the makeup been applied less carefully, I might have discovered his true identity earlier on, before he had a chance to do any mischief. Now, on the verge of his identity being revealed, he remained unmoving, only the vaguest hint of a smirk appearing on his face.
I must have been standing too close to him to realize the point at which the makeup had fallen away enough to discover what lie beneath. Like a person who stands too close to a painting to recognize any details, and instead sees only a blurred outline, so it was with me when I finally had removed the last of the greasepaint.
"Oh, fuck, it's him!" Cheryl exclaimed with a mixture of disgust and amusement.
At the very moment she uttered those words, I jumped back instinctively, as if suddenly confronted with a sickening realization. The only one of my former test subjects who had served to cause me untold grief had returned in the guise of a clown.
"Fucking whores," was the first thing out of his mouth. It was directed at all of us and delivered in a most menacing tone.
Bonnie pulled me away from the man, sensing my distress. Before I knew what was happening, my sister had lifted her leg up and delivered a sharp kick right into the smirking clown's nuts. He screamed in agony.
"That's for calling us whores!" she said, losing her temper. "Sis, tell everybody who this mother fucker is."
"This," I said raising my voice so that everyone could hear, "is Luis Ramon Hernandez, one of the subjects of my EJAX-472 experiment that was conducted last week at my Clinic. This is the man who stole the drug and all my research papers."
The audience responded with outright anger.
"How did you do it huh, shit head?" Cheryl asked the fallen clown.
"Why don't you ask him!" Luis replied, looking at Philip.
Bonnie's husband backed away in fear. "What do you mean ask me?" he said, his voice faltering. "How the hell should I know what you did?"
"You paid me to do it you fucking gringo!" Luis screamed.
If guilt was a tangible commodity that could be worn on a person's face like a smile or a frown, then Philip Olmstead's expression was riddled with it. His wife was too well acquainted with his singular idiosyncrasies to be fooled by his feeble attempt to act the part of the innocent victim. She stood with her legs wide apart, hands on hips, and looked back and forth several times at him and Luis.
"Come here, Philip," she ordered.
"Sweetheart, I..."
"Come here, Philip!" she said emphatically. "I won't ask you again."
Taking small steps, he made his way closer to his wife.
"Please, don't grab my balls," he pleaded.
"Is what he said true?"
"Promise you won't..."
"Is what he said true?" she demanded.
Knowing that his precious balls were on the line, Philip could do nothing but admit the truth.
"Yes, yes, it's all true," he blurted out. "It was all planned from the beginning."
"Fucking stupid hombre!" Luis yelled.
Rebecca warned him to shut up but Luis spit at her, calling her several horrible names.
"What you called me can only be compliments to you senior!" she said as she kicked him squarely in the balls.
Luis let out an agonizing scream as his head rolled back in pain.
"You'd better watch what you say jerkoff or else you'll be going home a eunuch!" Cheryl advised him.
"Sis," Bonnie said turning to me, "it's your ballgame."
Without further prompting, I took matters in hand, knowing full well that my sister had now given me carte blanche do with her husband and Luis as I saw fit. All through the entire scene the audience had remained galvanized in their seats, waiting upon our every word. Philip's admission of guilt had startled them and I think they were taking some sort of perverse pleasure in seeing him brought down by his more able and powerful wife.
"I want you to tell everyone exactly what happened." I said to Philip. "And don't leave anything out. You are going to be punished either way, but if you stick to the truth I may let you go off easy." I turned to Luis. "And as for you, you will speak only when spoken to. If you utter just one word without being asked, I'll have my friends here kick your balls off. Do I make myself clear?"
The little bastard made no indication that he had heard me, and this angered me even more. But to show him that I was indeed serious, I had Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl strip him.
Ignoring his protests, the girls had his clothes off him in a matter of seconds. This delighted the women in the audience who cheered the girls on as each piece of his clown outfit was ripped from his body with complete disregard for his dignity. He now stood before us completely naked, his compact, muscular body the object of both ridicule and desire to his female onlookers.
"The next foot that connects with your scrotum will be mine," Maria warned Luis. "So you better do as Dr. Swensen tells you. Got it?"
Luis looked away and said nothing.
I indicated to Philip that he tell his story. I knew this was a distasteful task for him but I felt no sympathy for his pathetic show of innocence, which he tried to employ as a pretext for saving what little credibility he had left. Showing reluctance to address the crowd, Bonnie glared at him and pointed to the microphone. I saw him cower at her orders and this made me dislike him even more.
"I...I want to apologize to my wife for my lack of foresight and I hope she will forgive me," he said meekly.
"Cut the bullshit!" a woman shouted from the audience.
He looked at me for a moment before resuming and I could sense that he was genuinely distraught.
"This guy Luis," he said pointing to the clown, "is a professional thief and a drug dealer. As most of you people are aware, I have connections all over this country and practically nothing escapes my attention. When I learned through my sources about the success of Christiana's...I mean, Dr. Swensen's drug, I contacted Luis and he agreed to take part in a plot to steal the drug from the Clinic."
At this point, Philip paused, overcome with shame at his admission to being the architect of the crime. Bonnie's face reflected mixed emotions at his confession: embarrassment for her husband and repugnance at his involvement in the sordid escapade.
"I saw to it that his medical records were falsified," he continued, "and used my power to get him to partake in the experiment. His presence there was just an elaborate hoax to steal the drug, nothing more. He simply picked the locks and walked out with the goods. I paid him a great deal of money for his services and I wound up with a drug that I could market. I didn't realize how powerful EJAX-472 really was until tonight and its success has spelled my doom."
He looked at me, his face downcast.
"I'm sorry Christiana, but when Bonnie told me how wonderful your drug was, I knew I had to have it. It's the dream of every man to have those kind of orgasms and I just couldn't help myself."
It struck me as odd that Philip would bother to concoct such an elaborate scheme to obtain my drug by theft when he was one of the wealthiest men in the country. He could have simply used his influence and power to market the drug to any pharmaceutical company and I would have given him a fair share of the profits. But then I remembered that both he and his wife were penultimate voluptuaries, sacrificing almost anything in their pursuit of pleasure. And EJAX-472 had become for him the ultimate representation of this perverse goal. He wanted to steal my life's work and take credit for it, and he wanted those marvelous orgasms—all for nothing.
"Is this the truth? Yes or no?" I asked Luis.
"Yes," he said, looking at Philip with thinly veiled hatred.
Bonnie shook her head in disgust. "You're a prick, Philip. A real prick!"
The women in the audience shouted their agreement, some hurling various objects at Philip in their anger. He covered his genital area with his hands and turned his back to the crowd, gingerly sidestepping the volley of missiles to avoid getting hit.
"Ladies," I said trying to quell the attack, "he will be punished I assure you."
A few more objects were hurled at the naked and defenseless man and then the barrage stopped.
"So, Philip," I began, "tell me. You being a businessman, how were you going to explain to the scientific community the creation of EJAX-472? You know nothing about genetics or biology do you?"
He smiled weakly.
"Oh, come on Christiana. I have half the scientists in this country in the palm of my hand."
"Meaning they would do all the work and you would take all the credit, if that were the case?"
"Of course. What good is power if you don't know how to use it?"
"You stole her drug you son of a bitch!" Bonnie screamed at him. "How could you do this to me!"
"To you?" I asked surprised.
"And Chris too!" Bonnie added, realizing that it was I, and not her, who was the real victim.
Philip hung his head in shame.
"You are going to return everything you stole from her," she continued. "Do you understand me?"
"Yes, dear...I'm sorry. I'm really very sorry Christiana."
I took a little pity on him then, feeling his apology to be genuine.
"Well, since you have told the truth Philip, I will be merciful. But you did a rotten thing to me and you are going to be punished for it."
He looked at me a bit surprised, as if his belated apology would somehow serve to suddenly make everything all right. I told him to remove his hands from his genitals, which he reluctantly did, and I noticed that his scrotum was still fully distended, confirming my previous observation that he had taken more than one pill. I examined Luis' sac and it, too, was similarly swollen.
I would recall later on that something in my mind must have snapped at that point because all I could think of was how to publicly humiliate both Luis and Philip such that Bonnie herself would be proud of me. I was beginning to experience that sense of exhilaration that Bonnie so often felt when she was the one in control and calling the shots. Now it was my turn, and I was going to make the most of it. Almost without any effort at all, the details of their punishment took complete form in my mind. It would be a spectacular entertainment worthy of the Olmsteads themselves.
Calling all the women together I quickly formulated a plan and soon had everyone prepared for both men's punishment. Bonnie gave a few orders and within minutes Packi and Pompi appeared on stage carrying a paddle in each hand, followed closely by Joey Balls and Kira. I ordered the attendants to wheel Luis out to the center of the stage facing sideways toward the audience.
"What are you going to do to me?" he cried out in panic.
"You don't think you're getting away with it do you?" I replied calmly. "You're going to be punished too."
"No! You can't do this to me! Not again!"
Maria moved in close to Luis.
"I'm so dying to kick you in the nuts!" she said threateningly.
"I'd shut up if I were you," I advised him.
Seeing Maria's foot posed to kick him in the balls, Luis remained silent.
"Let's start with you," I said to Philip.
He looked at his wife with a pathetic expression on his face as if trying to win her support.
"Don't look at me," she said to him. "I can't help you now."
I ordered him to turn his back on the audience and bend over and touch his ankles. I could tell this was the last thing he wanted to do, but sensing his wife's anger, he thought it the lesser of the two evils. As he bent over the audience applauded at the sight of his firm buttocks sticking out in the air. I then told Packi and Pompi to stand on either side of him, paddles at the ready.
"Oh, no," Philip complained, "not a spanking!"
"Keep your mouth shut Philip or you'll get worse," I warned him.
On my orders, the two midgets began whacking his bottom with the paddles. I had them time their hits so that one paddle would strike one side of his bottom followed by a hit on the opposite side. After several whacks, Philip started to cry out in pain, but I had the girls continue, telling them to put all their energy into it. They complied with my request by using both of their hands on the paddles to increase the intensity of the blows. It was a hilarious sight watching this formerly cavalier, self-assured man now reduced to being the plaything of the two tormenting little elves.
"Please," Philip begged. "I can't take anymore!"
"Keep hitting him!" Bonnie ordered.
The crowd enjoyed this former well-respected man of the community being punished for his crime. One woman even left her seat to whack his ass with her hand, giving us all a good laugh.
I let the punishment continue until his buttocks had turned a bright red and then ordered the girls to stop. By this time the man was reduced to tears.
"Can I get up now?" he asked between sobs.
"Yes," I said, "but your punishment is not over."
"Not over?" he replied timidly as he rose to his feet. "What do you mean?"
"Because you and Luis have been taking my drug for several days now, you both have a build up of sperm in your bodies. That sperm needs to be released."
Telling Rebecca and the others to carry out my previous instructions, they led Philip over to Luis and forced him onto his knees before the puzzled Latino.
"What is this?" Philip exclaimed.
Without answering him, I nodded to Cheryl to begin masturbating Luis. As she put some lube into her hands, Luis stared at her wide-eyed, sensing he was about to suffer at the young girl's hands the same way he had a week earlier.
"What is she doing?" Luis asked me with alarm.
"Administering your punishment." I replied tersely.
As Cheryl began to fondle his penis, I gave orders for Kira to do the same to Joey.
"Get the son of a bitch nice and hard," I said to the Amazon. "It's going to be a tight fit."
All the women in the audience laughed at my remark as Kira began to jerk him off.
"What's going to be a tight fit?" Joey said alarmed, as he tried to break free of the attendants' grasp. "What's going on?"
"I'm punishing you too." I said.
"What the fuck for? I'm innocent!"
Bonnie laughed.
"That's a good one, Joey! "she said. "Come on, give it up. I know you've been in league with my husband from the start."
"Yeah," Rebecca commented. "Look at your balls little guy. They're full of EJAX-472."
As Kira's handjob brought Joey to full erection, his balls once again began to swell to enormous proportions.
"I ain't givin' you ladies the pleasure of watching me cum a second time!" he exclaimed, much to our amusement.
The little man continued to protest against the expert handjob he was receiving, but in a short while the drug began to take hold of him and his whining ceased. A look of pure pleasure came over his face as Kira worked both of her hands up and down the length of his penis with firm, determined strokes.
By this time Cheryl's delicate hands had produced an enormous erection in Luis. Like Joey, he protested until the point where he could no longer escape the pleasant sensations he was experiencing and soon grew quiet, captive to the drug and Cheryl's incessant stroking.
"Rebecca, take some Vaseline and lube up Philip's asshole."
"Oh, no," Philip said with fear, "what are you doing?"
"Shut up Philip," Bonnie said. "Not another word."
Rebecca carried out my orders and applied a thick coating of lube to Philip's sphincter. He cried out in pain a few times as her hands came in contact with his sensitive bottom, but otherwise gave he gave her no trouble.
"Please!" he begged, "don't do this to me!"
"Do you want another spanking?" Bonnie asked.
Fearing he'd be paddled yet again, Philip held his tongue and allowed Rebecca to finish applying the lube.
"Kira," I said, "put some Vaseline on Joey's cock."
"Don't do this," the dwarf said half-heartedly, even as Kira rubbed the lube over the tip of his shaft.
After carrying out my request, I had Kira move Joey into position behind Philip.
"No, no!" Philip screeched. "Anything but this! Please!"
I ordered Packi and Pompi to slide in under Philip and told them hold onto his genitals in case he failed to comply with my orders. Within seconds the two little girls scooted under him and waited for my order to begin.
The sight of Philip on all fours with a huge penis ready to invade his front and back orifices was absolutely ludicrous. Joey's huge balls rested up against his buttocks, making Philip wince in pain every time the dwarf shifted position. The little man's immense cock was only inches away from Philip's asshole, all greased up and ready to make its entrance into his dark tunnel. Luis, meanwhile, was totally under Cheryl's control at this point. He had a dreamy look on his face as she manipulated his cock at her leisure, giving himself over to her in a gesture of libidinous surrender. The absurdity of the picture was made complete by the addition of the two midgets, who parked themselves on their backs on either side of Philip, grasping his balls and cock with their hands.
"Okay, Philip. This is the deal." I said in a totally uncompromising voice. "You are to suck off Luis while Cheryl masturbates him until he ejaculates. I want you to swallow as much of his cum as you can. At the same time, your friend, Mr. Balls here, is going to fuck you until he cums in your ass. If you flinch in any way whatsoever, the ladies below you will rip your testicles off. Am I clear?"
"Please, Christiana," he implored me, "do I have to do this?"
"Yes, Philip," I assured him, "you have to. Now stop complaining and take your punishment like a man."
Kira, aided by Rebecca and Maria, guided Joey's tool into Philip's asshole. It took some doing but the girls finally managed to insert the head of the little man's cock into the crack, much to the dwarf's and Philip's protestations. Even though all the men objected to this homosexual encounter, they could do nothing to prevent it, since they were all under the absolute control of the drug and were physically overpowered as well. Curses from the three men were hurled at me as I watched Philip's ass being violated, but I felt little sympathy for the man. To my mind, he was getting off lightly and I was thrilled when Kira forced Joey's cock deep into Philip's asshole, making him cry out in pain.
At the same time, Cheryl and Bonnie drove Luis' engorged cock into Philip's open mouth, laughing as his lips clamped down around the thick piece of flesh. He tried to speak out but could only mumble a few words before his mouth was stuffed with cock. Bonnie held her husband by the hair as she rocked his head back and forth along the length of the sperm-laden tool, Cheryl's hands continuing to stroke Luis' shaft with long, leisurely movements.
End of Chapter 4