Copyright PennameWombat June 2019
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is my entry for the 'National Nude Day Contest, 2019'. National Nude Day is July 14 (in the United States).
This is a stand-alone story although that doesn't mean it has absolutely no relationship to any other stories.
Tags: Cunnilingus, Exhibitionist, Female Masturbation, Girl on Girl, Her First Time, Horror, MFM, Mind Control, NonHuman, Outdoor Sex
*****


From the Pages of Alfred Kinsey


Her first stop in the sprawling, multi-tiered building that housed the vast array of printed volumes in the library had been the history section. Despite the heat she'd enjoyed the hour and a bit it had taken her to walk here from her little lair, her apartment. She'd seen such a variety of these humans frolicking on this Saturday, their day of leisure she understood, old, young, in all manner of clothing, their skin, hair and eyes a wonderful rainbow of colors. She'd heard languages which she could not understand, Janet had spoken only this English. So limited, so, so limited had been poor Janet. She'd smiled at the young, the children, they'd laughed and squealed at her and had run off in their play and antics.
She'd purchased an 'ice cream' as she'd walked, a partially frozen foodstuff made from the maternal secretion of an animal. A cow they called it. Milk. Ah. It was delicious. This milk is what these 'breasts' of hers would provide to her own young. This was the way of this world, then, the way men and women of all the creatures on this strange, new planet worked.
She'd touched them, but carefully, already aware of limitations in this society. The bones of a plan formed in her mind, she'd fed well the previous evening, Marsha had been good to her, but she needed more.
She'd asked one of the 'librarians', apparently this was one place where elderly women were sent, those with no more ability to birth young. They acted as guides to the information of this society. She'd smiled at the grey-haired woman's lined face, the rough skin dotted with small darker spots here and there, the woman had smiled back and had a friendly voice and her grey hair was held back from her face with a cloth band. She saw few other people in the library on this clear, bright summer day.
"If you want it all in one go," the old woman's voice had a slight shake in it, as if she'd lacked energy to talk easily, "you'll want theWorld History Omnibus Reader, that'll be in aisle 14, just that way."
She'd pointed.
"Oh, thank you," Janet had said, "that sounds perfect."
It had been. These humans had slaughtered tens, no, hundreds of millions of their own kind in regular and periodic frenzies of aggression. She was lucky. She'd arrived in a time and place of rare peace. No wonder the race that she and her mate had so recently fled from were so concerned, so careful in their plans.
But for her and her missing mate, such creatures were perfect. They would fit right in.
But they'd need to be careful. These humans loved to destroy each other, but mainly in these rituals they called 'war'. Interesting.
She'd presented the small piece of printed paper she'd found in Janet's purse and the book to the librarian, who'd smiled and made note, used a metal device to stamp a date two weeks in the future in the book.
"Enjoy your studies," she'd said.
"I will," she'd slid the book into the bag she'd brought, it had a long strap that fit over her shoulders, "where can I find 'health' books, please?"
"Those will be up on three," the friendly old woman had said, pointed to a wide set of stairs, "they can guide you to what you need up there."
"Thank you," she'd said in what she understood was a light, cheerful tone, turned and walked.
She'd met another old woman at a desk on three, the woman was dressed similarly to the first in a dark single piece covering to her knees with her legs covered by the same thin material. This one's grey hair was piled tightly on top of her head in a round ball, a 'bun'.
But the old woman had grown angry and her face had gone tight. Her eyes became almost slits when Janet had asked 'where can I find theKinsey Reports?' Marsha had told her these would tell her what she wanted to know.
She hadn't known why this librarian was so unlike the first. Was it not their job to guide people to information?
The confusing woman had finally said, barely opened her mouth, 'young people today', but had pointed to aisle 32. Fortunately that had taken her out of sight of the angry old woman at her desk.
She'd found the two volumes, one for men, one for women. She'd also found a separate volume,The Female Body. She understood her organs now, their role in mating, their monthly pattern. She knew how to control them.
She knew that her sensitive spot was a clitoris. A word that was unknown to Janet, unwanted.
She'd sped through the books so far, Janet was limited, blinkered, in her views, but her intelligence had been high by the standards of these humans. Why she hadn't used it, had so limited herself, was a mystery. Focused now as it was she could absorb this printed information rapidly.
She'd noticed the young man. He'd walked past her table as his eyes had lingered on her breasts and on the books in front of her. She'd seen his eyebrows quickly rise and fall as he'd apparently read the titles, the edges of his mouth did likewise. She'd undone first one button, then a second, as she'd noticed his approaches to her table. The large, round shapes, contained in the bra, were now visible. His breathing rate had increased. The information this Kinsey told her about men and women had caused her own breathing to increase, she'd felt moisture spread from the opening in her crotch onto the thin garment that covered her there. Last night she'd been with a woman and now she better understood the feelings, the pleasure, she'd felt.
She also had an idea why the other women in the office had reacted to Marsha's approach to her, why Janet had seen Marsha aswrong. Why? Yes, such was not mating, would not produce young. But, pleasure. It was just as important.
So. This man. Clearly younger than George, but no child. Handsome, unblemished, strong. His approach was familiar and universal, he was checking if he was walking into a trap. His worry was if her mate was hidden, looked for this challenge to prove himself.
She looked around. Few other people, but. This spot. Too open. She saw him to her side, he walked slowly, angled such that his eyes were on her. She turned slightly, smiled, looked at him, then away. He did likewise. She stood slowly, left her bag, the books, walked away from him, turned, looked back quickly, then walked slowly between two large multi-leveled shelves of books. The far end was a solid wall, an area hidden from most angles.
She unbuttoned her blouse as she walked, he was not in sight. Yet. He would be, unless she'd badly misunderstood the books and her own native senses. She was most of the way to the end of the aisle when she reached behind her, lowered the zipper on the soft, flowing 'summer skirt' she'd found in Janet's closet. She held the waistband and lowered the skirt, stepped out of it to expose her bare legs, her feet still in the soft, comfortable 'sneakers' she'd worn for the extended walking of the day. She reached behind herself under the open blouse and unhooked her bra, she slid her shirt off and the bra followed, she held one in each hand, the nipples on her large, round, firm breasts tingled. Her long, red hair tickled the now bare skin of her back and her shoulders.
She heard two rapid intakes of breath to her right. She tensed, but forced herself to stay calm, turned. Saw through openings on the shelves two women, similar in age to her, one with dark hair, the other's the yellow they called blonde here. Their skin was like hers, light, but theirs had that darkening caused by their sun's ultraviolet light that so worried her previous hosts. She saw the mouths of these two women gape open as they saw her near nakedness. She focused her eyes tightly, caught theirs, they stood without movement.
"Do not be alarmed," she said, without moving her eyes she placed her shirt and bra onto a shelf, "am I not attractive?"
The two women blinked, but didn't turn away. She had them. She was certain, believed at least, that their memories would be obscured, poor, their drive to mate would force all else away. Today would be a test.
"The question," she said slowly, made her voice as deep as she could, "is not why am I naked. Why are we not all naked?"
She kept their eyes connected and pushed down her last garment, the underwear. She shook her lower body, felt them fall to her feet and stepped out of them then nudged them aside. She heard another gasp, at the end of the aisle, the young man. No worry. She turned her body a quarter turn toward him, so he could see her in part, kept her eyes on the women.
"Do you have mates in this building?"
The two women nodded slowly.
"Go to them, do as I have done, mate with them. Here in this place of knowledge. Learn from them. Teach them. Find other women. Tell them. Guide them."
The black pupils of the women shrank, brown and grey eyes stared. But their mouths smiled, they both reached up. As she'd had on, they both had sleeveless blouses that they began to unbutton. They had on leg coverings that ended just below their knees, similar to what men wore. Janet had such in her closet, called them 'pedal pushers', but why would she want to wear what men wore? She was a woman.
She turned her body slightly more toward the young man, who stood stock still, his breathing rapid as he stared at her. She lifted her right hand, held it palm up with the fingers out, curled the one finger in a manner she'd seen the previous evening, she sensed his movement, slow, very slow.
"Go now," she said to the two women, their blouses halfway unbuttoned, their bras visible, "find your mates."
They nodded, turned, walked the opposite way. She turned her body now to face the young man, his mouth was open, his breathing rapid. He walked stiffly.
"Have you never seen a woman's body before?" she kept her voice deep, slow.
He blinked, seemed to master himself slightly.
"Not one as lovely as you," he said, his own voice choppy, unsure, but getting stronger.
She put her hands out, palms slightly angled, a gesture she'd learned was an invitation. He came closer, his eyes darted, he'd seen the women leave but he obeyed. She exhaled slowly to control herself as he took her hands. He had mated, but barely, he had no regular mate, was young, was still on the hunt.
Perfect. She needed to be careful though. He was slightly taller than her, physically stronger, he could do her harm.
She pulled him close, leaned her head back, he understood and put his mouth on hers to kiss. She released his one hand, reached down to his crotch, felt his stiff flesh through the cloth 'trousers' that covered it. He exhaled into her mouth. As Marsha had done to her she pushed her tongue into his mouth, he did the same, pushed his, they rubbed, wrapped around each other's. He released her hand, pulled her tightly against his body, her hand went around his waist. Her other worked his belt, the button, the zipper. Clumsy for a moment, then smooth. She reached under the waistband of his panties, felt his tangle of hair and then the bare, hard flesh. She judged the size, she knew where it would go. It would be tight. It would press on nerves.
Good.
His trousers dropped to the floor, pulled by gravity. He backed off slightly, his eyes opened. She moved both hands to his shirt, undid buttons, he licked his lips, the tip of his erect flesh, his cock, shaft, prick, pressed against her flesh at the top of her own tuft of red, tightly curled pubic hair.
"You're so beautiful," he said between panted breaths, "such lovely red hair."
She smiled, leaned in and kissed his chest which was covered by widely spaced dark hairs. Then she kissed her way down his torso, his hands on her shoulders, her back.
She put her mouth on his prick and he jumped, exhaled sharply. She pushed her lips further, sucked more of it in as his fingers tightened on her and then one set wrapped themselves in her loose, long hair and pulled it as she sucked him deeper. She heard Janet's increased moan as she sucked more of his flesh into her mouth but her control had improved. She liked Janet's emotions now, they were fun. But they no longer affected her as they had a day earlier.
Kinsey had taught her that she could make this man ejaculate this way. His hard flesh would expel his seed after some unpredictable amount of time.
She wanted his seed. She would not use it to create young, she would learn from it, but not this way. Not this time. She'd taste it this way later. She pulled her mouth off, he moaned, tried to urge her head back but she kissed her way back up his torso.
"I want you inside of me, lay down," she said very softly just before she kissed his mouth again, she pulled back, looked into his eyes. She pushed his shirt off, dropped it onto the floor beside them. He held her as he bent his knees to squat, then sat and rolled himself onto his back. She put her feet either side of him, squatted as well, kept her eyes locked on his.
Good. The riskiest part of her plan approached. Her timing would need to be perfect.
Poised over him, his hands rubbed her large breasts, pinched and pulled roughly at her nipples as they grew. She felt the pleasure, the slight pain. It was just what she needed. Marsha had been too soft, too tender at them.
She enjoyed that Janet had gone silent with a sense of fearful anticipation.
She used a hand to hold his flesh steady and placed her opening at its tip. She pushed down, felt a sharp pressure, a momentary pain, then pleasure as she sank down to fully engulf his prick.
Only she heard Janet's scream, her cries, her complaint of thewrongnessof this act different but no less strident than the previous evening. You silly, silly woman. This was exquisite, she lifted and pushed herself down again, felt his flesh touch her, intrude into her body. It was wonderful. She felt her body produce liquid. It ran out of her over this man and soaked his pubic hair and his testicles, where his seed was produced. She put her hands on his chest.
"Pinch my nipples," she said in a deep, rough voice, "hard."
His eyebrows jumped but he obeyed. The pain drove the pleasure in her crotch further as she pumped up and down and he moved his hips. His mouth opened, he panted. She felt his flesh grow stiffer, his eyes scrunched, his fingers pinched even harder.
He was close. Good. She heard screams, yelling, voices of distress, confusion, in the distance. Real screams, not Janet's in her head. The words weren't clear but she didn't care. It was all working as she'd wanted. She prepared, he exhaled hard, she felt his hips jump and his hard flesh spasm.
She pushed down hard and felt his flesh eject his seed into her body. She rose and pressed herself down again to feel a second spurt. His mouth was open, his eyes closed, his fingers vise-like on her nipples.
Then she felt his body go limp, his flesh jerked softly as it remained in her body. His mouth formed into an open smile as he released her nipples. She grinned. Now.
She nudged his limp arms aside and removed his flesh from her body as she leaned her upper body onto him, put her mouth on his. He made a soft, calm sound that she took as a welcome to the contact. Good.
Shefed. She pulled hisessence, his eyes flew open, his entire body jerked, his arms flailed.
It was too late. She had him. She was more careful than the previous evening, she preserved more of his knowledge directly as he offered lessnutrition. He tried to push her off, tried to punch her, but his arms had lost their strength. Screams were clear in the distance, she heard rapid footsteps of someone running.
His arms dropped to the floor either side of his body, his erect flesh stayed hard but went still against her thigh, his mouth gaped. She finished, moved fractionally from him and saw his dull, open eyes. His breathing was slow, shallow, every part of his body but his prick slack and flaccid.
She licked her lips, looked down the aisle. She saw no one but heard the yells, the commotion. She pushed her torso up and used her legs to lift, some of his seed ran from her body. No matter, she had most. She looked at his erection and saw red liquid that glistened along with the other liquids, Janet's moan at that. Yes, Janet, you wereprey. Why else would I have found you when Iarrived?
She saw his eyes and face were empty. No matter that either. He was not asnutritiousas hermealfrom the previous evening but she wassated. This was a top up but more importantly she'd seen the opportunity for knowledge, a man's knowledge, and had taken it.
She stood, quickly pulled her panties back on, slid the skirt up her legs, zipped it. She was sweaty, no matter that either. The building was warm, everyone was that way and the commotion that she'd spawned meant no one would notice.
She pulled her shirt on, carried the bra to save time. She stepped past the prone man, they'd find him, deal with him.They'd find nothing, his mind gone, he'd be no witness. She smiled at that. He was no longer in that body. She stopped, looked quickly around at the end of the aisle. Saw no one. More yelling, screams, off to her right.
"Why are you naked? What are you DOING???"
Some words were clear. Her smile broadened.
She stepped quickly to her belongings. She left the anatomy book on the table but slipped the Kinsey volumes into her bag along with the history book and the bra. She knew it was against the rules to not have them recorded. No matter. She'd slip them back secretly later.
From the young man's essence she'd caught 'college' which she understood as an advanced educational institution. Janet had gone to 'secretarial college' but she didn't yet understand how many sorts of colleges there might be.
But he also considered himself a 'Trojan'. She'd seen that phrase for an ancient race of humans in the history book but it also said they'd been destroyed. Puzzles to work out.
She put her broad hat back on, shrugged. Her nipples were long, stiff, their shapes clear through the fabric.
No matter. She'd deal with that soon. Now, she needed to leave all this behind, the naked, drained man, the naked women, their mates. She walked quickly toward the noise, the way out. She saw two large men in dark blue uniforms arrive at the top of the staircase.
The bun-haired old woman, moaning and crying, directed them.
She saw a tangle, a pile, of six, no, ten, naked men and women engaged in mating at a distant point. One woman was on her hands and knees on the floor while a man behind her pumped his hips to repeatedly impale her, another knelt at her face, her open mouth sucked a hard prick into it on each thrust. Multiple women laid on the edges of tables with their legs spread and raised as men pumped their engorged flesh into them.
The uniformed men blew whistles and ran toward the pile as two more women approached from the opposite direction shedding clothes as they walked quickly. The whistling stopped as each of the newly naked women embraced an officer. After momentary hesitations their embraces were returned and both, man and woman, set to work removing the dark blue uniforms.
She grinned, laughed softly, walked to the stairs. She saw two more uniformed men turn below and climb quickly, she slid to one side, they nodded grimly and their expressions went even harder when the whistling went silent.
Kinsey, the history book, Janet's own thoughts, had all combined. She had her plan. Tomorrow. She knew how to create a signal, a beacon, for her mate. He would know it was her, where she was. He would come to her.
It was not without risks. Considerable risk. But that couldn't be helped. Her fate, her mate's, was to invite risk to survive. She smiled as she reached the ground floor and turned for the exit through which more uniformed men entered. She stepped sideways and gave them a clear path. Risk was part of life. They'd overcome it before. Would this time too.
For now, she would nourish this body in one of the many small places nearby that served food. Then she'd reverse her journey and return to her lair with her bounty of information.


Everybody Likes Riding the Bus


"Um, please, excuse me... could you move over? I'm tired and I'd like a seat."
The voice was... angry. No, not angry. But it would become so. Janet turned her head, saw a... woman. A woman. Middle aged. Yes, that was the term. Middle aged. Dark brown hair pulled up into a loose ball on top of her head, stray strands held by sweat against her neck in the July heat. The light blue cloth that covered her upper body exposed just over half of her upper limbs, sweat showed under those limbs. The muscles of her face were held taut, her eyes enlarged through clear lenses of glass held by black material in front of them.
"Oh, um, sorry," Janet slid over to the window seat, "I don't know where my head's at!"
The woman sat next to her and closed her eyes as Janet glanced at her. She exhaled slowly and deeply.
"That's all right, dear," the woman said softly as she turned her head slightly to meet eyes, "you look like you've had a hard day too."
Janet silently repeated the statement to herself, analyzed it. The woman's face, her body, had relaxed, muscles seemingly prepared for conflict quiescent, her challenge had not been meant to lead to mortal combat. She sat now, a bag made of some sort of animal hide on her lap, the lower half of her lower limbs exposed but wrapped in some fine, thin fabric, above that tubular cloth of a similar material but darker color to the upper covering. Like the bag the coverings on her feet were of an animal hide with short, flat spikes under her heels.
Janet's coverings were similar, but her upper body in a garment of white, her lower body covered by a tubular garment the same shape and color as the woman seated next to her. She had her own animal hide bag on her own lap, her legs covered by the same thin fabric, spiked coverings on her feet.
Smile, smile. Make each edge of the mouth on the face bend slightly upward, open slightly, but not too much. Don't bare teeth. Move head up and down slowly.
"Yes, ma'am," Janet said to the older woman, "hard day today. Could you tell me the date?"
The woman's face regained a minor percentage of its tenseness but quickly adopted a different expression, facial muscles relaxed but for those around her eyes, her mouth.
"It's July 11, dear, Thursday. One more day to the weekend."
"Thank you," Janet said. Yes, 'thank you' was appropriate. The older woman subtly shifted her body away, she must have some of her body over the edge of the seat. She looked forward, her hands gripped and ungripped at her animal hide bag.
Leather. Purse. Her leather purse.
Janet looked out the window, her query it seemed prevented further desire for conversation. She didn't mind. Conversation was... difficult.
The conveyance in which she was seated carried about 30 of these entities. They appeared dimorphic based on their bodily coverings and visible amounts of facial hair.
Good. That was good.
But.
She was Janet. She wasn't Janet, but she was. 'Janet' was the native sound that represented her. It would do. For now.
She'darrived. She was in a body of pale skin, but nothing like the pale skin she'd been surrounded by before. The woman next to her had skin quite similar, most on this conveyance were like the two of them being pale through darkening shades of brown. Five, no six, further to the back had black skin, dark, utterly unlike anything she'd seen. Fascinating. Like the clothing, hair, another dimorphism. But, the black ones were also dimorphic to each other in clothing, hair. Intriguing.
All bipedal. Good. She hated working out extra limbs, strange postures.
Her hair was long. She could see it hang around her shoulders. It was a lovely red color. Clearly hair color variety was an ornamental feature of these... humans. Yes, humans.
She'd so recently seen only pale skin, dark hair, green eyes. So different here and those outside walking and in smaller conveyances carrying one or two humans. She'd seen some with smaller entities, smaller humans. Children.
Janet smiled at them. But it wasn't Janet's smile.
She'd made it. She was Janet. No, she was not Janet. Janet still existed. She would need Janet for a while. But the next bit would be the most dangerous. She needed to be alone. It was late in the day and these humans were presumably travelling to their lairs. She'd need to allow Janet enough control to find her way to hers but not so much she could alert authorities or alter her habits.
And that gave her hope. She knew Janet had a lair to herself. No mate. But she couldn't get there on her own, she couldn't delve that deep, that hard, here. Let others think her strange, like this human next to her. Her position was tenuous and were she to lose control she'd not have the strength tomoveagain.
She would become Janet. Then. This was the world that had been in their sight. It was... large. Three billions of these humans. Their escape had been by necessity hurried, not perfectly attuned. But everything they'd learned said they'd not be pursued despite the damage, the carnage, they'd left behind.
For now.
But that still left no easy task. Billions. Janet was a human, awoman. Their word for a young-bearer. As always, her aim had been true.
She needed a man. Yes, man. His, yes, his, aim would be true too then. She just needed to find him.
Herman.


A First


Janet stood naked in front of the full-length mirror that was one side of the door in her tiny bedroom.
Her bedroom.
She'd collapsed onto the single bed once Janet had led her to the lair, a small space divided into three smaller spaces in a building made up of such lairs. Apartments. Apartment 3D.
Her sweat-soaked clothes, the 'dress', 'blouse', 'stockings', were discarded on the bed, on the floor. So many more sorts of cloth under those! The coverings of her feet, the 'shoes' had been left in the larger space before she entered this room. Her red hair was her favorite feature, she loved the color, the way it flowed in waves, although like her body it was full of sweat and not at its best.
She'd discovered that women, the child bearers, removed hair from under their upper limbs and from all of their lower limbs. Arms. Legs.
But not from between the legs. She pushed her fingers down her flat, sweaty abdomen into the hair, had found sensitive flesh hidden. She used the sweat-slickened fingers to circle the sensitive spot, had felt it grow, a tingle below and around that. She pushed her fingers down, separated the folds of flesh, her eyes slitted and she made a satisfied 'hmm' through her closed mouth with an exhale. She watched her body sway in the mirror, the bulge of her hips gave this body a pleasing symmetry.
Her other hand rubbed the large, firm, round globes on her chest essential to the symmetry, found the sensitive flesh at the front of each, these grew as well. Her fingers worked low and high, her breathing sped up, her mouth opened and her eyes closed, she felt a progressively higher level of pleasure, she pushed the body onward. She moaned as her pleasure plateaued, waves of feeling flowed outward from between her legs. Her balance wavered before she steadied, then took three deep, slow breaths before her eyes opened. She looked at the smiling reflection in the mirror.
You silly, stupid woman, Janet, that you object to this. Too bad. I'm Janet now. I won. You fought well, once the shock ofarrivalhad worn off and we were in your lair, your place. You werestrong. But notstrongenough.
Why would you not bring yourself such pleasure as this?
Not with yourself. Not with others. Never.
Is that why you covered your body so, Janet? So many layers in this heat. No more. Not in her lair, her apartment. 3D. She preferred being uncovered and saw no reason to ever be any other way in here. But every human she'd seen outside had covered their bodies. She felt Janet's shudder at the thought of her skin being seen.
She needed more information about this world. Janet had been strong but, but blinkered. So much of the world of no interest. Like men. She wanted a mate, to bear young, but the mechanisms of that, physical mating, was outside of her knowledge.
Or even her interest.
Stupid woman. How do you get one without the other?
She sighed. She was used to having all knowledge at her fingertips with small electronic devices on which one could answer any question, talk to any other. Nothing like that in this tiny room, nor in the tinier room meant for bodily functions, to expel wastes, clean the body. That smallest room and much of the furniture elsewhere was familiar in its basic shapes. Not surprising given the gross similarities of her new and old hosts.
She opened the door and walked naked into the largest living space. She searched, a... a radio, on a stand in the corner. It brought sounds. But those could not be guided, it simply played whatever was sent. The room contained printed materials. On paper. So, quaint. Since Janet could understand this 'English' so could she now. But they appeared to simply be chronicles of light entertainment. She quickly analyzed pictures of women and men. Clothed. Partially unclothed at... beaches. The ocean.
She'd done well. Janet was young, twenty and a couple of the planet's revolutions, her body, face, hair, were favored by many, based on these entertainments. That would put her in good stead with her plans.
A mystery. She was in her prime. This Janet could've had her pick of fine mates.
Like the man, tall, well-muscled, even if sweaty and dirty, who'd whistled at her as she'd left the bus and had said 'looking good, red'. She'd tamped down Janet's instinct to threaten harm to the man. She'd smiled instead. Why not? Such could be of use to her. And this was the end of a, of a 'work' day, so all on the bus were like him to some degree or another.
She emptied Janet's purse, looked through more papers. One caught her eye. Los Angeles Public Library. A library. She smiled. In this world knowledge was still on paper, as it had been long in the past in the place from which they'd just escaped. She would find what she needed there.
There were green pieces of paper. 'Money'. This society required money. Janet acquired money with a job. 'Job'. Ok. The sun was not yet up, she had time before she needed to reverse yesterday's journey. On the bus. 'Bus'. They would give her money in return and she would give that money to others. For foodstuffs. To be allowed to remain in this lair. To acquire new coverings for her body.
But now, this body needed nutrition. Then she would need tofeed. It had cost her much toabsorbthis Janet, but at the same time to preserve knowledge, skills, the ability to hide as her. Tobecomeher..
Janet had a nice stockpile of foodstuffs. That was handy. Nutrition for her body now. Then she'd go to this job and after that findprey. Then she'dfeed.


Payday and Prey


It had taken her about 30 of what these humans called minutes to get to grips with this typewriter that would be her close companion for the near future. The language and the alphabet were unique to this world. In fact, as she understood it, to this district in which she and hopefully her mate had arrived, many others were used around this world. But the idea of using extremities that transmitted information into a device appeared to be another universal, like much in her lair. She was in a large chamber, where she and many other women all toiled at typewriters and transferred marks made by hand on paper to new paper.
Janet was of course an expert at this but it had taken a bit of practical experience to solidify the new connections in her now-much-improved brain to the improved dexterity in her extremities. Though built from an entirely distinct genetic base these humans didn't differ in gross physical structure from her and her mate's most recent hosts, that had eased her transition. It was a surprise, a pleasant one.
Janet worked in a 'studio', this was where the entertainments that were sent to radios and televisions were created. Janet and the other women typed scripts and such written by 'writers' for them.
But the studio also had a 'news' department. It gathered information and transmitted it to inform these humans about 'current events'. Janet had just finished a script for today's 'five o'clock news'.
"You're looking very nice this morning, Janet," she heard a woman's voice, soft, but with a kind of huskiness other women's voices had so far lacked. She looked up as an attractive woman approached. She was taller than Janet with a more slender build and lacked the large mounds, the breasts, and the round, broad hips that she had. Her face was thinner too, unblemished, her eyes not quite round but perfectly symmetrical, her hair very dark brown and cut short, not as severe as almost all of the men she'd seen, but well shorter than any other woman's. She was dressed similarly to Janet, a short-sleeve button-down cream blouse, a dark skirt that ended at the tops of her knees, just shorter than Janet's own. This woman's blouse did not fit snugly across her breasts like Janet's did.
And that had been a source of amusement earlier. Janet, the old Janet, still existed in a fashion, in a form that objected when it was clear only a bra was to be worn under the blouse. A layer of 'petticoat' had also been eliminated, only a thin silk slip under her skirt. Stockings and what she understood was a garter belt and 'panties' completed the outfit, along with heeled shoes. The objections had been noted. And ignored.
"Thank you... Marsha," Janet took the slightest pause to retrieve the name, a couple of women near Marsha's path showed expressions of challenge to this Marsha. Interesting.
She'd drawn from Janet a picture of her job and so had expected the crowd. She'd also dredged out that Janet was polite but these others called her 'standoffish.' That was good. She'd made polite gestures of greeting, it seemed universal that by simply echoing back what their own words and gestures allowed one to pass. At least initially. Janet hadn't expressed deep affection for any of her coworkers.
"I've never seen you wear this blouse, Janet," Marsha said as she stopped to stand alongside the seated woman, she reached and took the end of the sleeve between a finger and thumb to rub it, Janet leaned slightly to allow her skin to contact the skin of the fingers. She'd found light contact was not frowned upon, hadtesteda few of the women, found none were goodprey.
"It was in the back of the closet," Janet said, "it's a nice one for summer."
She didn't add the reason it was in the back. It had become too small and figure-revealing for the old Janet. Too bad. There's a new Janet running things now.
Janet turned slowly as the fingers maintained their contact. She reached up and used her other arm to run fingertips along Marsha's own sleeve end. Marsha seemed surprised but recovered quickly and Janet noticed a number of women around the room glanced quickly. They tried not to be obvious, but were clearly interested in this meeting. Janet's fingers brushed across Marsha's as the redhead released the other's blouse and lowered her hand.
The seated woman shivered. She smiled, tried to summon an expression of interest, of combination, but Janet, the old Janet, rebelled at the thought. It took her two heartbeats to recover, her control not yet perfect. Marsha had slightly withdrawn but Janet reached to make tentative contact again.
"You okay?" Marsha said softly.
"Quite," Janet said, slowed her breathing to a cadence that hopefully displayed calm, "just, well, just not quite myself. Need a change..."
"A change?"
The edges of Marsha's mouth quirked up.
"Would you like to come out with us after work? It's payday after all...," Marsha's voice started softly, dropped almost to inaudibility.
"Yes," Janet said, copied the soft tone, "I'd like that."
Marsha smiled, one last brush of her fingers on Janet's arm just below the sleeve end.
"I'll stop by about five, then, get ya?"
Janet smiled, nodded. Marsha smiled back, turned, continued in the direction she'd been going prior to their meeting. She heard wordless expressions full of unknown emotions, sharp ones, amongst a number of these other women. She stored those, she would need to understand their meanings, she'd need to be here a long time.
But. This Marsha. The old Janet did not, hmm, did not care for her. Marsha waswrong.
The touch had told her that this Marsha had never engaged in the breeding act. She had lain with many women. But never a man. That made her a creature of disgust to the old Janet. But Janet had never lain with a man either, nor with women. She needed to understand this. Confusing.
But for now, she knew all she needed. Marsha was avirgin. She wasprey. And it was obvious Marsha wanted this Janet, would be easy to get close. She was perfect.
"Now this IS a surprise," said a man's voice, deep, smooth, a voice used to being heard.
Janet turned, saw a beautiful, no, a handsome man, this culture preferred that term, going by Janet's printed entertainments. Whatever word, he resembled many from those entertainments. He was in a blue suit, a white shirt, a red tie. His short brown hair had an almost countable number of grey hairs just at his temples. His face was firm, smooth, his facial hair only just showed. He held a stemmed glass with a conical bowl, a round seed of some sort in the clear liquid contained by the glass.
She and Marsha sat at a small table in a back corner of the bar they'd walked to, three blocks from their workplace. She recognised a few people she'd encountered during the day from other compartments, other floors. A couple of women had come by their table, spoken in light tones, but Marsha had warned them off in some subtle way. She would review all of this when she was stronger, wasfed. Deduce the ways.
"Hello, George," Marsha said, "not working on a big story tonight? Out with us proles?"
His laughter was soft, clear, he pulled a rare free chair and sat, set his glass on the table.
"How DID you get this wonderful young lady out? I never thought I'd see the day," he said as he smiled at Janet, then at Marsha, "you're a magic worker, Marsha."
Janet smiled back, she sipped at her glass of chilled, nearly clear "white" wine. She didn't need to hunt for Janet's opinions on both that and this George. The scream, if these others could've heard it, would've been clear blocks away. George was one of the 'on air' personalities for the studio in which they all worked, the old Janet had on occasion typed up his scripts but she recalled no such today.
Janet saw that George neither wore nor carried a hat, unlike many of the similarly suited men in the bar. Her mouth quirked almost imperceptibly as she recalled mention in one of the printed light entertainments. The country's current, young, handsome president, their leader, did not favor hats, in opposition to long tradition for men here. He was a hero from one of the recent mass frenzies of violence they called 'wars' and had replaced another, a much older, war hero. He had a lithe, beautiful mate at his side. All of that meant that he was of much influence on the men and women he led.
This had rippled through society, the entertainment had said an entire industry was threatened, sides had been taken.
George had declared his side
"It's the new Janet," Marsha said with a chuckle, "turned over a new leaf."
"Yes, George," Janet said as she watched his right eyebrow quirk up, the old Janet had refused his first-name offer, used 'Mr. Elliott' to force distance. That was no longer a concern.
He smiled broadly, his gaze thick with, what? Yes, with... he wanted to mate with her. That would be good. She would like that.
But not tonight. After she'dfed. After she better understood the body she'd taken, could control it. She wanted the pleasure, not the offspring. He took a long, slow swallow of his drink, emptied the contents. He set the glass down, put his arm on the bare skin of her arm.
"Well, new Janet," he said, "you'll have to do me the honor of dinner one of these nights."
She glanced at Marsha, saw the muscles of her face constricted. A challenge, but a careful one. This George mot so easy to frighten off. She didn't want these two to fight to have her. George was not of immediate use. Marsha was.
"Some night, George, I'm sure you'll see me around," she hoped that would reassure Marsha without upsetting George, he smiled, removed his hand, pushed his chair back, stood. Marsha's face relaxed. He nodded to each of them, turned, worked his way through the crowded bar to the exit.
"Married goddamn men," Marsha's sotto voce, "second kid on the way..."
"I'm just teasing him," she hoped she used that correctly, it was a concept in old Janet's mind, that she'd reject it meant it might be appropriate, "but I'm hungry. Any ideas for dinner?"
Marsha smiled, apparently mollified.
"Let's grab a cab," she said, "my treat. I know a place near my apartment. You can buy dinner."
She understood why humans drank wine, she could tell what the old Janet would've felt. She smiled as she stood next to Marsha with another glass of it in her hand, she sipped. She liked the taste, but it didn't affect her as it would've Janet.
Marsha rubbed her back through her shirt as they stood on the roof of the taller woman's apartment building. The planet's star had just hidden itself below the western horizon.
"Look, Janet," she said softly, but with a deeper tone than she usually had, "the sky is the same color as your hair."
Marsha had explained that since this building offered beautiful views from its hillside perch, the tenants had contributed old furniture and built a covered shelter on the roof. In one direction, Marsha pointed out the sprawling Griffith Park and its Observatory, the large, white letters that appeared in so many photos further up the mountain. In the other direction, the tall buildings of downtown Los Angeles, then Santa Monica and the vast expanse of human construction that stretched as far as even her improved eyes could see, but not even they could further penetrate the dusky, muddy haze that hovered over all of it.
"Smog," Marsha called it, "we're breathing that, you know."
Marsha laughed softly, but without much amusement, she could detect a difference. She mimicked the taller woman and leaned against the thin woman who responded by pressing harder on her back. She set the wine glass on the small table in front of them. She reached up and undid the top button on her blouse, moved to the next one. Marsha's face turned toward her, her eyes slightly tightened in wonder.
"Warm out tonight," she worked the remainder of her buttons with both hands, she looked Marsha eye to eye, "I like being naked. How about you?"
Marsha took Janet's hands with hers, held them, leaned in and put her mouth on Janet's. The long, wailing scream of horror, of anguish was audible only inside of her own skull, the sense of shame, ofwrongnesswas palpable. Marsha pulled back when she felt what she thought was complaint but it was Janet's laughter.
She stopped, mouthed 'sorry', pushed her mouth back onto Marsha's and pressed her body against the thin, tall woman's. She held her mouth open but still, let Marsha's lips, tongue, breath guide her, she mimicked, tried to vary slightly. Marsha seemed happy, satisfied. She felt tingles in her nipples, her crotch. She wanted this woman naked. She released her hands from Marsha's, reached around her waistband until she found the zipper, undid a button, pushed the zipper down, felt a stutter in Marsha's breath in her mouth. Then Marsha pulled her mouth away, but close enough she still felt Marsha's breath on her skin.
"That's the way it'll be," Marsha said, reached to find Janet's zipper. They moved slightly to each allow the other's skirts and slips to drop. The red haired woman saw Marsha's stockings were connected to her panties, she'd seen the same in Janet's drawer, didn't like them when she'd tried some on.
"I need to see these," Marsha said as she kissed Janet's chest, reached around her back and unhooked her bra, Janet slid her blouse off and bent her arms as Marsha removed the bra, a rapid intake of breath held as she tossed the bra onto the table.
"Oh, my," Marsha cupped the large, right breast, leaned over and wrapped lips around the nipple. It was her turn to gasp, she put her hands on the back of Marsha's head and pressed. Marsha pushed back, moved to the other nipple.
"Oh, wow, uh...," she didn't have words for what she felt, she'd shut the old Janet's screams down, didn't care. But Janet had no words for these feelings, beyond the understanding of 'pleasure'. Marsha pushed a hand down her abdomen, sweat had just appeared, pressed over her panties between her legs, pressed the spot she'd found herself the previous evening. The thin woman rubbed with precision, with skill, Janet closed her eyes, moaned, Marsha's mouth and fingers pushed her onward.
She removed her hands from Marsha's head, put them to the waistband of her panties, pushed them down, she had them over the straps of her stockings, had determined that was most efficient. Marsha pushed them off.
"Lay back," Marsha said, her voice rough, nudged her so her back was to the sofa, it was slightly rough material, aged, color bleached to ecru by the sun. Marsha pushed her legs apart and kissed down her abdomen. It was the new Janet's turn to almost scream when Marsha's lips met the sensitive bump at the top of her opening, she'd pushed the hair apart and Janet heard the sucking sound. She felt fingers slide between the folds of her opening, push into her body, press against either side, the solid flesh inside at the top.
This was so far beyond what she'd felt with her own fingers to be almost a different experience, a different body. Her head fell back onto the arm of the sofa, her legs jerked, one hand pinched her own nipples, the other pressed Marsha's head.
Tightened abdominal muscles flexed, her legs flexed, she suddenly jerked her hips up and moaned audibly and loudly as waves of pleasure shot from her crotch. She felt moisture flow freely, heard Marsha's sucking sound, felt her mouth go still, her fingers held their place. Janet's breathing was fast, it finally slowed as she raised her head and met the eyes of a broadly smiling Marsha as she did the same.
"I've never felt anything like that," she said, on behalf of both new and old Janets, "I need more of that. But, I want to see you. Please."
Marsha snorted, kissed Janet's sensitive spot quickly, stood. She quickly unbuttoned her blouse, removed it, reached behind herself, unhooked her bra, removed it in a smooth motion. Janet saw her breasts were much smaller, had slight sags, but her nipples were dark, red, not pink like hers, almost as large. She looked down Marsha's body, then back up to catch her eyes. Marsha smiled.
"I don't like wearing those...," Janet said as she sat up a bit and Marsha slipped her fingers under the waistband and pushed her combined garment down.
"You don't like pantyhose?" Marsha asked.
She smiled, despite having them in her drawer Janet hadn't seemed to have a word for them. She stood as Marsha slid the pantyhose off, had already kicked off her leather pumps so stood barefoot on the rug the tenants had placed on the roof. Janet had her garter belt, stockings, her own heels still on. That was good, they were now all but the same height, she reached, their mouths met, she slid her hand onto Marsha's crotch, knew she'd found Marsha's flesh when she felt the woman exhale into her mouth. She continued to rub as she mimicked Marsha, kissed down the thin woman's chest, felt the bones more clearly exposed, found and sucked into her mouth first one then the other nipple.
"Lie down," she said, smiled at the symmetry, she liked symmetry, it felt right. Marsha tilted her head, spoke.
"You sure?"
Janet nodded at the question, pushed lightly at Marsha's upper body, the thin woman obeyed.
Marsha's pubic hair was darker than her hair, almost black, the redhead used her fingers to spread the hair and moved her face close. Both Janets saw for the first time a human woman's pubic area up close. She pushed the pink lips apart and slid her fingers up to find the sensitive spot at the top of it. She used her fingers to further open Marsha's body. The light was faded, nearly gone, muted streetlights allowed a soft glow. But it was enough for Janet to see, she moved close, put her lips and mouth onto the slitted gash, licked the length of it with her tongue.
"Ah, wow, pretty good... for your first time...," Marsha said, speech choppy. She could feel the woman'sessence, could not get at it though, her desire grew. She used her tongue and mouth on the sensitive spot, felt it grow, heard Marsha's voice make sounds but no words. She mimicked Marsha's fingers and compared Marsha's response to her own body's as she pushed, licked, sucked. She felt Marsha's hips buck, a gush of liquid from her body, she moved to suck up as much as she could, to taste and feel it. She liked it.
Marsha's body went flaccid, she lay on the sofa, one leg on the rug, the other straight along the backrest. Her mouth was open, her eyes closed.
Janet knew this was her chance.
She rose quickly, moved forward, Marsha felt the movement, her eyes opened momentarily as Janet's face rose to meet hers, a fall of red hair surrounded both faces. Marsha's eyes closed, she welcomed the contact of Janet's mouth on hers.
Then Marsha's entire body jerked, eyes wide as all of Janet's weight fell on the taller, thinner woman, she wrapped her with arms, legs, shefed. She was suddenlyhungry,famished,desperate. She pulled from Marsha everything the woman had. Rapidly, without immediate preservation. The dark-haired woman's limbs flailed but couldn't get purchase, Marsha humped her hips but Janet's legs nudged Marsha's, prevented the woman setting herself to lift. Marsha ineffectually punched, then pulled at the long red hair.
Marsha's grip failed, her hands fell onto Janet's back, her left arm slid, fell alongside the sofa to hang, her hand listless on the rug.
Janet stayed motionless, her mouth on Marsha's, for a further three, four heartbeats, she rose slowly. She breathed slowly and deeply, each breath held for a heartbeat. Her eyes were closed, her hands rested on Marsha's small breasts.
She opened her eyes and looked down. Marsha's dark eyes were open, black pools in the faded light, her mouth open, her breath shallow, her body utterly flaccid.
Janet's mind and body reeled. The world spun for a few moments before she mastered herself. She took a deep, deep breath, held it as long as she could, let it out slowly. She could not swoon here. Needed her lair.
For the first time she felt from Janet a sense of, what, of, satisfaction. That what had just happened wasright. What a confused woman was this Janet. She'd screamed in horror at pleasure with Marsha, and now, for something she couldn't understand? No matter.
A cab. As Marsha had used to bring them here. She stood, looked at the dark-haired woman, alive but notalive. Janet pulled her slip, skirt, blouse quickly on. Marsha had left her lair unsecured, Janet carried her undergarments, walked quickly to the door to the stairs off the roof. She'd get her purse, she'd get one of these cabs, she'd give it her lair's coordinates. She had money in her purse. She smiled as she pulled the roof door closed behind her.
Tomorrow she'd go to the library.


First Presleyterian Church of the Divine Pompadour


She sat on the inside aisle position of the pew in the First Presleyterian Church of the Divine Pompadour's local church. She'd realized that Janet had chosen the location of her lair not because it was convenient to work but because this building was an easy stroll from the lair. Such a strange, strange woman was Janet. Five days a week she made the trek on a hot, crowded bus to be able to earn the money she needed to live so that for Sunday, one, single, day she was close to this building, which offered, well, she hadn't yet figured that out. Marsha's choice seemed much more efficient, to have her lair much nearer the place she went to five out of seven days. She would think more on the subject later. The next hours would be difficult.
She'd arrived early and had asked to meet with the Reverend, he was the authority figure here. The world history book had indicated that 'religion' was a major factor, she was still fuzzy on it beyond a being or beings called 'god'. These religions contradicted one another as to the number or nature of these beings, what they wanted or did. There were familiarities to ideas she'd encountered in the past but none had seemed so deep, so intertwined with the society and culture.
She'd found theBiblethat Janet kept, had read that. If that book had indeed been given as guidance to these humans by some being then no wonder they enthusiastically slaughtered each other while at the same time they denied their essential physical needs and put so many rules around mating.
No wonder Janet denied herself.
But that all made this place perfect for her plan, her beacon.
As soon as she'd met the Reverend she'd known why Janet denied herself any other mate. She wanted him.
What was more, he wanted her. That was obvious, even with her still-limited knowledge of these humans. She could not understand why these two hadn't simply taken one another. He'd agreed immediately when she asked for a special moment after the service, she wanted to stand up and 'bare testimony'. He'd taken her hands and promised it would be so. She'd smiled, squeezed his hands, thanked him, told him she hoped they could spend some time together.
And she knew him for what he was. The young man in the library the previous day had been good, but not perfect. This Reverend was perfect.
She'd had to shut Janet completely down early this morning, her overwhelming horror, shame and anger at what was to happen was so strident it was distracting. She'd simply willed her into silence. She'd become used to access to Janet's emotions to assist her, and because they amused her, but she couldn't let her interfere. Not in this.
"Amen," said the Reverend, it was echoed by the whole of the humans attending. People began to stand.
"Your patience," the Reverend said, everyone went still, "but a couple of special requests for today."
Quiet words around the room, Janet stepped out of her pew and walked to the front of the rows of pews, it was not the largest of churches with just over 20 rows of pews each row split in two by a central aisle. As she stood so did an older man, stout, grey, thin hair, a grey mass of hair below his nose. He put his arm out and Janet slid hers into it, they walked to the front, up a couple of stairs onto what for some reason was called the sanctuary, a dais on it next to which stood the Reverend. The man released Janet, stepped to the dais.
"Folks," he said in a firm, clear voice, Janet knew he often did readings, was used to this, "I have a special offer for all of the young people here today. As you know, my ice cream shop is just a few blocks away. I'd like to invite every family with young people for nickel ice creams, if they're under fives it's free. It's a hot, hot day but my ice cream is very cold."
A cheer went up, despite plenty of expressions that showed this wasn't proper decorum, but no one cared. The Reverend stepped to the man, shook his hand, stepped to the dais. Janet had met him just before the service, she'd promised him a 'favor' for him doing her this favor. He'd agreed quickly once she'd kissed his cheek.
"I'd like to ask all of the single adults and couples without children to stay, to witness the testimony of one of our best, but shyest, congregants. Don't worry, after, we'll all get our treats too!"
He half turned, nodded to Janet, she looked at him, smiled softly, then looked down, hoped that was the right expression. The light, clear cheer seemed to confirm that. Her studies told her that the involvement of children would turn what she hoped would be seen as an exotic and undesirable event, but one that would almost amuse people and reports of it spread widely, into an event of horror. As a beacon either worked, but if it was the latter she worried the authorities would investigate much more deeply, any and every church member would be investigated.
"Now," the Reverend continued, "if the families will follow Mr. Basbin to his shop, we'll move on."
Another cheer, the organist played a cheerful marching tune as Mr. Basbin led the families out. Once the last had exited, leaving just over half of the formerly near-full congregation, the Reverend caught eyes of a couple of men, who walked and quietly pulled the doors closed as the organist switched to a slow, low tune, She saw a number of faces quirk at this second, unusual number, but it held everyone still.
"Janet...," the Reverend said, she took his hand in both of hers, squeezed, looked him in the eyes. She released him and stood beside the dais, in full view of the remaining attendees. She wore a broad, decorated hat, as did almost every other woman, and a button-down green dress that nicely accentuated her figure. Her unconstrained nipples had become erect and were visible through the cloth.
She saw people fan themselves, men who had ties loosened them, they shed jackets and worked the collars of their shirts.
She smiled broadly, she carefully set her hat on the dais, reached and slowly undid the top button of her dress, then the next one. She heard the rough breathing of the Reverend behind her, his feet shuffled as he closed the distance.
She undid a third button, edges of her large breasts just in view. Couples reached for each other in the pews, she saw one woman rub her hand against the crotch of the man next to her, men rubbed women's backs.
She undid another button, glanced sideways, as if pulled the Reverend came to stand behind her, he was half a head taller, she pulled his hands to pull apart the cloth, completely exposed her large breasts, guided his hands onto them, taught his fingers to pinch and pull her nipples. She released his hands and he set to his task. She felt his erection under his robes press against her ass.
"And the man and his wife were both naked and were not ashamed," she said in a clear voice that carried to every corner of the room as she exposed her flat stomach then her red pubic hair as more buttons were released. She wore her stockings and garters but no panties.
That did it. Established couples locked their mouths on each other's, attacked buttons, zippers, ties. Clothes were pushed off with haste, tossed across pews or onto the floor. Singles found each other, as in the library she saw that multiple men shared women readily.
Her dress unbuttoned, she nudged the Reverend, he raised his hands to hold it and held it as he removed it from her body, he laid it carefully across the dais next to her hat. She reached behind him, unhooked his robe tie, he lifted and shrugged it off to stand all but naked, his clerical collar and his black shoes and socks his only coverings.
She stepped forward and pressed against him, felt his prick rise against her abdomen, she put her mouth on his, kissed him hard and greedily, he wrapped his arms around her and held her ass cheeks.
She'd been amazed when she'd met him. He was not an old man, but he was not young, a few years past Janet's age. Despite that, he'd never mated. He wasprey. That was good. This cost her much of what she'd gained from Marsha and the young man at the library. The Reverend would free her from having tohuntagain for some time. She nudged him a bit, encouraged him to lie down, he did so, their bodies partially obscured by the dais from the crowd.
Not that she noticed anyone cared. Most every possible penetration was in progress, even people who were of greatly advanced ages had reactivated dormant genitalia. Few items of clothing remained, only those which offered no impairment of access. There was no coherent speech beyond 'oh, god', 'yes', just moans, pants, screams, slaps of flesh against flesh.
She rubbed her abdomen against the Reverend's stiff prick, raised her head, put her hands on his chest.
"Pinch my nipples, hard, Reverend, I need it," he grinned, reached up and her mouth opened quickly as he grabbed them. She lifted her crotch, used her hand to steady his shaft and place it at her opening. He pinched as she pushed down, his mouth flew open, having never penetrated a woman before. She felt the pressure but not the moment of pain from the library. Curious. Pleasant, nice, but curious. No matter.
She pumped up and down, her nipples were on fire, she felt him, knew it wouldn't be long. Was it always like this? Did men always give up their seed for so little effort? As in the library this gave her pleasure but nothing like the total release she'd felt on her own and with Marsha. She pushed down, nudged his arms out, he put them around her back as she lowered her torso to a small angle and faced him..
As she'd felt in the library, she felt his prick stiffen further and then felt him push his seed into her. She pumped up and down three more times until he groaned as his eyes closed. As before she rose quickly and allowed his softened flesh to lead a trail of sticky goo from her body then she set herself on his abdomen.
She dropped quickly and pushed her mouth tightly against his and shefed, she felt him lose himself quickly, easily. She pulled his veryessencefrom him, he offered little mental and physical resistance beyond his arms going stiff. Shefeddeeply and fully.
She was done. She lifted her head, licked her lips, took a deep breath. The crowd behind her had redoubled their efforts as she'd fed, as her strength had grown. She pushed up, stood, turned and walked to the dais. Smiled. She took the dress and stepped to the side to pull it on, saw on the floor in the space between the first row of pews and the front of the sanctuary something new. A man lay prone on the floor, his prick clearly pushed into a woman who squatted on him. Behind her another man entered her second opening, her 'anus'. Kinsey had mentioned that, but he'd said it was the way men gave pleasure to each other, something she saw happening in the aisle between the pews, about halfway to the rear. Here at the front, a third man pushed his erect flesh in and out of the woman's mouth.
She had all manner of acts of pleasure to explore in the future. But she obviously needed a man unlike those she'd had so far, theseprey. George. Yes, George or others like him. But now, she had things to do.
She put her hat on, adjusted it. She buttoned up her dress as she walked silently through the curtain at the side of the sanctuary into the short hall to the Reverend's office. There was a phone. She picked up the handset, dialed '0'.
"Operator," the woman's voice said.
"Please," she spoke quietly but urgently, "I need the police. I need help."
"Putting you through..." clicks, rings.
"Dispatch, what is your emergency?"
She described the scene in the church, the address. Said she was worried for her safety. They said officers would be there in minutes, to stay hidden and safe. She said she would, said she needed to hang the phone up, she heard people coming...
She walked quickly back to the sanctuary as the wild matings continued in the nave. Some, especially the elderly, had collapsed from apparent exhaustion. She stepped around the Reverend's still form and walked to the far wall, pushed one of a matching set of two doors open slightly, saw no one, opened both widely. She walked along the side wall to the rear set of identical doors, opened them widely as well. Then she walked to the rear and turned, walked along the back wall to the opposite side. The first couple were already out the open doors, the woman bent over, her mate entered her from the rear as she put her hands on a small fountain.
The doors on this side led into a garden area, meant for quiet contemplation. She opened one quietly, stood in the open doorway. She looked on as the majority of the rutting, moaning congregants streamed out the open doors, the most advanced already at the street.
Perfect.
She smiled broadly, stepped through the door, pulled it closed with a soft click. She followed paths she'd had Janet show her previously, slipped out into a narrow, paved alley, walked quickly, turned onto a small street full of isolated lairs. She heard the sirens approach, the closest now still as they arrived at the street along the main entrances.
She walked lightly and jauntily, turned right at the next intersection. She knew there was a 'pay phone' down this street. The news department of her studio had a 'tip line' that had operators there every hour of every day, you never knew when news might happen. Janet had typed up many reports and scripts from events reported via such tips.
This would be the best one ever.


Reports


"Where the hell is Marsha?"
She heard the man's voice, loud, gruff, angry. Her workplace was in chaos. The 'naked church riot' of the day before was all the rage, news reports flew in every direction, scripts written and rewritten at unprecedented speeds.
Janet loved it. Well, not Janet. Janet. She laughed.
The voice was Mr. Worley, the big boss. Unlike George, even the Reverend, he was not attractive. He was old. His hair was thin, combed over his spotted bald spot, his cheeks had hanging flabby flesh. He sweated heavily, his large stomach pushed his shirt out, threatened to overpower its buttons and his tie couldn't decide to stay on the stomach or fall to one side or the other
"Don't we have anyone who can run the news wire teletypes? No one???" His voice was full of anger, of threat.
Janet stopped her typing, her eyes went distant, unfocused. Came back.
"I can," she said, quietly, then firmly, "I can, Mr. Worley."
He turned to her, his face deep red, his breathing laboured.
"What? You?"
"Yes," she paused, "I... did study in secretarial college. Back in Iowa."
"What's your name?"
"Janet."
"Ok, Janet, this way. I guess I have to believe you."
He led her through another large room, she saw George, he looked up, his eyes widened slightly when he saw her, then he smiled at her. She smiled back, stepped quickly to keep up with the puffing Mr. Worley.
In the next room she saw a number of noisy machines, half again the size of her typewriter . They had keyboards like hers, but used long rolls of paper and a thinner paper tape. Fat wires went from them to the wall.
She smiled. Marsha had told her she worked with 'wires'. That was these. She'd quickly dug through what she'd absorbed from the thin, dark-haired woman, found enough. She could operate these.
"Here, this is the big story, gotta get it out there, NOW!"
He handed her a story, the story. Her story. That no one knew was her story.
She set the paper in the cradle, set her chair. It was the coded info, not the simple text, that controlled where the 'wires' went. These indicated the recipients, gave them instructions, the skill was knowing those controls. Otherwise it was simply another keyboard like she used every day. Her fingers flew as she created the paper tape that would put the text 'onto the wire' where newspapers and radio and TV stations across the country, around the world, would get it.
Her beacon would be lit.
'It was a normal July Sunday, like every previous July 14th, this Sunday of Nineteen Hundred and Sixty-Three in the City of Angels. A bright clear blue sky, the promise of heat. Like any other Sunday, the congregents of the First Presleyterian Church of the Divine Pompadour dressed in their finery. Did they have any premonitions of what the day would become?'
It was a good story. She had not met the man who'd written it, nor had Janet, she would do so. He was good with words.
As it went, she smiled softly. He'd taken liberties, but he'd captured thefeelingof the event. That was good. She was happy. And then she knew. The beacon was afire.
'"We're still investigating," said Captain Patrick Rourke, LAPD Central Precinct Commander, "the causes. One nice young lady was worried it's aliens, from UFOs. Well, I'm not going to say no to that, we'll get to the bottom of it. If it's aliens, they'll regret coming to my city."'
Janet grinned as her fingers worked. After she'd phoned in the tip she'd taken a circuitous route to the front of the church. The police shoved the last of her handcuffed naked fellow church goers into paddy wagons and patrol cars, blankets and jackets draped over them. A half dozen of the naked were themselves police officers, likely the first few to arrive, Janet had mused, when the mania was still strong.
She'd seen an older, solidly built man in a dark blue uniform much like the other officers but with more ornate decorations. She'd smiled, walked up to him while his attention was directed at the crowd, along with a couple of other officers with him.
"Excuse me, officer, sir," she'd said, a quiver in her voice, all three had turned suddenly, their eyes wide but they'd quickly mastered their threat displays when they'd registered the young, pale, pretty red haired woman in a Sunday-best dress and hat.
"Oh, sorry," the distinguished officer had said, "Captain Rourke at your service, miss. Can we help you?"
"Is it over?" She'd reached out, touched his hand, he'd kept his there, clearly tried to reassure a worried civilian, "How did it happen?"
"We're looking into that, we'll get to the bottom of it," he'd put his second hand over hers. Perfect.
"Could it have been aliens?" She'd asked, "From these UFOs?"
His eyes had widened, then he'd patted her hand.
"Well, now, like I said we'll find out. You should let us finish up. You're safe now."
"Thank you, sir, I'll stay out of the way."
One last squeeze, she'd released him, turned, walked away, a broad smile. She'd turned left at the intersection and made her way back to her little lair.
'Preliminary statements from those involved are confused, according to Captain Rourke. Statements indicate little more than "the Reverend told us to."'
'Unfortunately we will never get his side of the story. We are sorry to report that there was one fatality, Reverend Thomas Duane Harris was found near the altar. At this time no cause of death has been determined, we will provide an updated report once we know more.'
That hadn't been her intent, but he'd been weak, not like Marsha or the young man in the library. The article made no mention of his lack of clothing at the time. Well, he still had his collar and shoes and socks on, she chuckled as she typed. That her role appeared completely forgotten buoyed her mood even more.
'A number of other congregants, mostly elderly, required hospitalization but all are expected to recover. Whether they, or any others, involved in this sordid affair recover their dignity only time will tell.'
She finished, pushed the 'send' button, relaxed. A few minutes later the machine chattered, a cascade of confirmations as it made its way everywhere.
"Ok, Mr. Worley, it's sent," at her voice he turned, looked at her, "I'll go back to my station?"
He approached her with more sheets of paper.
"Nope, Janet, I think you'll be here all day, don't mind do you?"
"Wherever I'm needed," she took the sheets, handed him the first story, put the new ones in the cradle. He squeezed her shoulder with his free hand.
Late in the day she relaxed, all of the stories 'on the wire', the offices had calmed. George came through, saw her, approached. He stood behind, kneaded her shoulders, she found that felt good. She knew this man would provide much more pleasure than the others so far, but she would take it slow. Her beacon was high and bright and despite her exertions she wassatedafterfeedingso well over the weekend. She knew George had a mate and young, it meant great rewards but also danger and she couldn't be careless, had no need to rush things.
"Ah, George, Janet," Mr. Worley approached, "bad news, I'm afraid."
George removed his hands, they both looked at the older man.
"I know you're both friends of Marsha's," he continued, "I sent a mail room boy to her apartment to check things out, not like her to leave us in the lurch. One of her neighbors said she's in the hospital. I've sent someone there. I know everyone here will be hoping for the best. We'll see."
Janet's anger, despair and horror at the events of the weekend were familiar to her, even a source of amusement. But Janet's seeming quiet satisfaction at this news was a reminder that the strange, repressed woman was not the only one here who thought Marsha waswrong. It was also a reminder she didn't understand everything about these humans. Their technology was primitive, they trucked in myth and superstition, but as their mass frenzies of violence attested they could be dangerous. Not to be underestimated.
"I'll need you in here again tomorrow, Janet, that ok? Marsha was on her own this week, I let the others take vacation. This is usually a pretty slow time."
"Yes, sir, certainly," she nodded, smiled.
"I'll make sure you get paid the higher rate this week," he said as if she were about to ask, she smiled more broadly, "and if it's the worst with Marsha, we might make it permanent."
"I'm your girl," she said, he liked that based on his smile.
"The night girl is just coming in," he said, then reached into his pocket, "why don't you go home? And here's five bucks, forget the bus, get a cab. Another long day tomorrow. George, let's nail down your story for the late news? Let's play up the library angle, way too many people getting naked this weekend!"
The three laughed together, Janet stood, first George then Mr. Worley kissed her cheek, she smiled broadly as she walked to her regular desk to get her purse, a crisp five dollar bill in her hand.


The Observatory


She was asleep on her side, her red hair sprawled across the pillow and her bare shoulders, the blanket pushed to just below her breasts when her eyes popped fully open. She remained motionless for five long, slow breaths then she rolled onto her back. The ceiling had its usual ethereal glow from the filtered streetlights that leaked past the window blinds at this still pitch dark predawn hour.
She smiled broadly, her eyes blinked slowly.
A clear picture formed in her mind of a white stone and masonry building in what they called 'Greek Revival' style, long, low, a large dome in the center, two smaller ones at each end. It was fronted by a flat lawn, benches, walking paths. Above and behind it on the mountain were large, white letters. Vistas of the unbroken human developments stretched beyond vision and met the blue rolling ocean. She held the thought while she took more slow, deep breaths, held each one for a heartbeat.
The vision slowly faded and the soft glow of the ceiling returned. She took a final breath as her eyes closed and her mouth stayed in a soft smile.
She sat on the bench in front of the long, low stone and masonry Griffith Observatory on the mountain half past nine a.m. the same day. She'd dressed for work in a short-sleeved button-down light yellow dress that fit nicely around her smooth bra and reached just below her knees, thin dark silk stockings covered her legs to mid-thighs, heels higher than anything the old Janet had owned, when she'd bought them the nice woman had called them 'stilettos'. Their color perfectly matched her dress. The thin blue cardigan she'd worn when she'd left her lair was across her lap.
The giant letters were up the mountainside and angled behind her left shoulder, she gazed across the skyscrapers of downtown. The ocean was off her right side, she could see it if she turned her head. The cooler temperatures this Wednesday morning of the last week of September meant the smog built more slowly than in the heat of high summer. She'd phoned Mr. Worley, her boss, with the excuse that she needed the morning to talk to her family in Iowa about a family illness and would arrive around lunchtime. He'd been solicitous, offered her the whole day if she needed to take care of things. She'd thanked him but promised she'd be in.
She saw the sun above and in front of her at the exact angle it had been in her vision, she smiled. She watched the shuttle bus that ferried tourists and others to this famous landmark as it topped the hill and turned the wide arc along the access road. It stopped at the appointed spot. School had started, so only a few adults emerged, dressed in the usual casual sloppiness of tourists with cameras on neck straps.
Last off was a tall, solidly built man, somewhere around fifty, maybe a bit older, his smooth skin the color of dark chocolate. He carried a brown fedora with a grey band, his tightly curled black hair was cut short and had a generous sprinkle of grey. He was clean shaven, clad in a perfectly fitting dark grey suit with thin white pinstripes, a lighter grey shirt with a pale yellow tie.
As she knew he would be. She smiled, stayed on the bench, her right leg crossed over her left.
The black man turned, offered a 'thank you' to the driver, the door closed. He donned his hat, walked toward her with slow but deliberate pace as the shuttle drove off for its next round.
"Miss," he said in a deep, authoritative voice, he doffed his hat, she noticed at least a couple of tourists with squinted eyes on the scene, "wonderful morning. Might you be able to answer some questions for a tourist?"
"It's truly a wonderful morning, good sir," she responded, just loud enough for the nosey nellies to hear, "certainly. Have a seat if you please?"
He sat, left a clear gap between them, held his hat in his lap. The nosey nellies wandered off.
His left hand slid off his lap onto the bench, her right did likewise and laid two fingers across two of his. He casually set the hat on the bench, covered the hands.
"You're very handsome, Fred," she said, "distinguished. Perfect amount of grey hair."
"You're quite lovely yourself, Janet," he responded, "most beautiful red hair."
"You found this place," she said, not the words anyone in range would hear, only for the two of them.
"Very clear, like all of your beacons," he chuckled, "no way to miss it. Aliens. How ridiculous."
"Indeed. You have to leave again," joy turned slightly with a hitch in her voice, "unfinished business."
"This is my second body. The first was one of his sons. He was, inconvenient. Had a mate, a child. He was chauffeur to a rich old man. Iarrivedas he drove. It was... interesting. His father, this Fred, was the manservant of the house. The old man never married, no family. I discovered Fred had manipulated the old man to will everything to him, his 'son in spirit', and has been poisoning him to hasten his death."
"How did youmove, I... don't think I can. I do not... know... what."
"A tragic fire engulfed the young family's home in the wee hours, I used the surge, the father's grief left him open. But I believe it was their bond, father and son, only that allowed it, even with the boost I had created. It is this place, these... humans. I only just made it, even with the paroxysm."
"There is another face I see, like this one, but younger..."
"The other son. An intelligent young man, kind, gentle, strong of body but soft of spirit. He is with the old man while I take my rest from my duties. I believe I can move one last time, once the old man is gone and the estate settled, this one will suffer an untimely accident. In his grief, I will take the son, his will is not like his father's, he is weak. With the repeated losses, in his despair he will sell off the businesses and relocate to this rather more advantageous place where we will be lost amongst so many. He is Fred as well, he will drop the 'Junior' when he comes here. You do well."
"I build connections," she said, "we should be Hollywood agents. Many advantages."
"Oh?"
"Every day, more young and beautiful humans arrive in this city. Each one believes he or she will be the next James Dean or Marilyn Monroe."
He sniffed.
"Even being the real James Dean and Marilyn Monroe didn't work out so well for them."
She laughed.
"Indeed. But it doesn't stop the young people. And these agents, they bring them to my studio, all studios. I see them sometimes, one, he, liked me. I took pleasure from him more than once, he was experienced, then Ifed. He was,distasteful,notnutritiousto me. But I learned much. These young people, many become... desperate. Most are not like our Janet, with her strong common sense and her skills, to find another way. Drugs, prostitution, no one notices... But make one or two famous, they get rich, so do you. The others..."
She shrugged so softly only he noticed. He nodded his head, his fingers rose against hers, she pushed down to solidify the contact.
"Nothing we would do would be worse than what is already here from what I learned," she said gaily, "this is the home for which we've always searched."
"You have loose ends...," he said.
"Yes, Iowa. I, Janet has parents there. Their communications show they suspect... something, some change in their daughter. I will go there for Christmas, this celebration they have. A tragic fire in the family home, only their distraught daughter escapes, she leaves, never to return. There was a brother, but he was lost. A place called Korea, one of their regular frenzies of mass violence."
"These humans seem to enjoy those. We have found our home."
He shifted his fingers to entwine hers, each squeezed.
"Ah," he said, "right on time. Our shuttle."
She laughed, held his fingers. The shuttle moved erratically, not its usual slow and steady approach, it twisted, turned, squealed to a stop with its front tires on the grass, not on the hard pavement. The few tourists around the yard stopped, looked.
Nothing happened for a count of two. Then the door opened and a woman ran out, laughed loudly. A man followed just behind. Both were naked, his manhood was tumescent, swayed from one side to the next as he chased her. She stopped, turned, spread her arms, he met her, their mouths locked, she fell back and pulled them to the ground, her legs wide and he entered her even before she was flat on her back.
More people emerged, laughing, yelling, most naked, a few with smatterings of clothing on, ten, then twenty people were piled in a roiling mass in the center of the large expanse of grass. Women coupled with men, men coupled with men, one woman laid on her back, another woman laid on her, each one's crotch to the other's face, their heads moved, lips and tongues busy. The few tourists raised cameras and even in the distance Janet and Fred could hear the shutters.
Two men in royal blue guard uniforms emerged from the central doors in the Observatory and ran toward the mass of mating people, stopped a few steps away, shook their heads, then rapidly removed their clothing, cocks already fully erect.
"You arranged this," Fred said, clear admiration in his voice.
"Thought you'd enjoy a show before you have to go back to Oh Hi Oh," Janet said with an amused lilt, "dropped a few suggestions on the way here this morning. You know, I need to try that one of these lonely nights, saw it once before..."
She directed his attention to a woman on her hands and knees, one of the guards entered her repeatedly from behind, the other pumped his stiff prick in and out of her mouth.
"Creative, these humans. And those three, I'm quite taken with that.."
A man was prone on his back while one woman sat on his face and the other pumped up and down on his shaft while they kissed each other.
They heard sirens approach up the hill, police cars, what sounded like, fire engines. Janet could tell the difference after these few months. As at the church, the first two pairs of police officers followed the guards, their clothes half-removed before the further weight of additional officers and, indeed, a fire engine crew, overwhelmed the mania. Police waded into the crowd of exposed flesh with batons, handcuffs, yells.
One man broke free from the officers holding him, had been welcomed back into his still prone lover's slit before they clubbed them both into submission. A large paddy wagon squealed to a stop behind the shuttle bus, officers dragged subdued sexual adventurers as the firemen draped blankets from their large, red vehicle to obscure the flesh.
"I'm sure the shuttle will get back on schedule after this little party," Janet said with a broad smile, "I'll make it to work in plenty of time."
"Indeed. Union Station awaits. I was impressed with much of the scenery on the trains out here. No air travel for us poor butlers," his tone cheerful.
Their fingers squeezed a last time, held, they separated, he retrieved his hat as they slid their hands, watched the last few of the revellers shoved into the paddy wagon. Possibly a bad idea as the vehicle bounced and shook with the frenzied orgy not fully diminished by its confinement but the police apparently weren't interested in options, getting the exposed flesh out of sight the highest priority.
A police officer, his skin just shades lighter than Fred's, approached the two people seated on the bench.
"Excuse me, ma'am, sir, would you be able to give us a statement about what you saw? Are you locals?"
"I am, officer," Janet said, "this gentleman is from Ohio, I was giving him pointers on things to see. But, I think we've seen more than enough! Will the shuttle be running? Do we need to go to the station?"
"No, not at all, just over there," he pointed to a policewoman next to a squad car with a notepad talking to a heavyset tourist couple, "just a couple of questions. We have a driver coming up, shuttle'll be going not too long. We'll get you on your ways. Thank you."
They both nodded to him as he walked off to find other witnesses. They rose, straightened their clothes, looked each other in the eye, then he donned his hat and they walked side by side, but with a clear gap.
That was of no matter. Her mate had found her. He would return and all would be well.


Twins


Janet sat on the soft divan in the nursery, the shades drawn against the setting sun of the day in late June, her only clothing a translucent silk scarf half the size of a sari but now only around her shoulders as she held a baby at each large breast. Their suckling had slowed and they'd become restless. She looked up and smiled at the soft footfalls as Genevieve strode quietly into the room, her timing perfect as always.
She admired the tall, lithe frame of the woman, her ebony skin on view, her high, round breasts moved only be degrees as she walked, her areolas and nipples an even darker shade than her skin. Her only clothing the requisite maid's apron tied around her waist and soft-soled shoes, all so white as to be almost painful in contrast. She stopped in front of Janet, who nodded slightly.
"C'mon on, little mister," Genevieve said in a soft sing-song, she picked up the baby from Janet's left breast, his curly chocolate brown hair already full, he gurgled and open golden-irised eyes, "oh, you'll be a strong one. Plenty of your father in you!"
She set him in a basin, a towel folded and laid behind his head. She turned back to Janet.
"And now, you little missy," she picked up the second baby, with her long, flowing wavy hair, deep crimson in color, she stuck her tongue out, golden eyes that matched her brother's crinkled with amusement, "you'll be leaving a trail of broken hearts like nobody's business."
She set the girl into a second basin beside the other, the babies clapped their hands, their mouths open and smiling, the shade of sleep gave its warning in their glittering eyes. Janet stood, arranged the scarf around her, left her breasts uncovered.
"I'll bathe them, have the little dears ready for their good night kisses," Genevieve said softly, "then I'll get dinner going."
"You're too good for us, Genevieve dear," Janet said quietly, "yes, we'll be in in a bit."
She walked out, her bare feet made no sound on the soft carpet. She went down the hall, turned right into a well-appointed lounge room, full bookshelves, leather and padded chairs and a large sofa. She walked up to the tall, solidly-built man as he looked out the window of their large home in the canyon above Mulholland Drive. His tightly curled hair was solidly black, his exposed skin the color of fine chocolate, his muscles clear beneath his smooth skin.
She slid her arms around him, turned her head, her cheek settled between his shoulder blades, her red hair glowed against his shining skin. She reached to his crotch, her hands coaxed his cock to full stiffness, fingertips stroked its full length. He reached behind and pulled her tightly against his back.
"Still leaving just after the Fourth? Montana, is it? Can you find it?"
"Its flight was clean to the spot we'd set,," he said softly, his hands caressed the soft skin of her broad hips, "at least until I had to destroy the tracking equipment. I've worked out the trail. The stealth field should last a couple years, so no one will find it easily, but it'll fail soon, I'll be back for our second anniversary of ourarrival. And as you know, even if they knew we launched it they couldn't exactly stop or turn around to come fetch it. And we'd disabled its self-destruct."
"Speaking of self-destruct," she said in a cheerier tone, squeezed his erect flesh, "they'd have no more worries ever if they didn't find the going away present I left behind."
He chuckled.
"But," she was less happy, "think they got word out about us? More of them are coming, less than a decade..."
"Probably, they sent messages before we disabled the transmitter," his tone matched hers, "but of course, they don't know 'us' now, do they?"
"They found us before... might do it again..."
"They're more advanced than these humans," he said slowly, sighed, "why we stole that padlet and the other stuff. But, I've been thinking, we're doing well with this Agency, might just want to sit on all that. Be risky to sell, and we don't need the money."
"Good idea."
"On that note, you'll be okay while I'm gone? Keep things going?"
"Hah! With you gone," she squeezed his penis hard, he exhaled quickly, "I might get some work done. We've got that empty office set up as a nursery and I'll have Genevieve to help with Asha and Aron. But, about them..."
"Oh? The twins? What? They're ok, aren't they?"
"Very ok," she sighed, "but, they're... well, I can tell when I feed them. They're us. But, they're... humans. All together..."
She stopped, both were silent for a few moments.
"Oh," he said softly, "they'll never be able tomove?Trapped, like we are now?"
"Yes. They're more than human, but not what we were. I can tell, Asha will need tofeed, Aron, not so clear. She'll be fine so long as she suckles, after that..."
They held each other more tightly.
"And. I... I don't know why, I can't have any more..."
"What? Only these two? Will they try tofeedon each other? This... is, unprecedented. There must be many, to fight, to challenge, absorb the weak and be strengthened."
"We'll have to, I don't know, we'll, well, I guess we're human parents now. All we can do is help them grow, teach them, prepare them. They'll both be stronger, faster, smarter than plain humans, but they'll be, human, too."
He laughed softly, a sound of agreement, not mirth.
"C'mon," she said, loosened her grip, "it's time to kiss them goodnight."
They held hands as they reversed her walk to the nursery, entered, saw Genevieve putting the finishing touches on Asha's bedding. They admired her taut ass, a round bubble shape, despite her hips narrower than Janet's. She stood, turned and smiled.
"I'll go get dinner ready," she said softly, they nodded to her asshe stepped past the couple.
Fred bent down and kissed first Aron on the forehead then moved and did likewise with Asha, her crimson hair a red hued halo, Janet followed suit.
They stood, looked down at two sleeping perfect more than humans. Janet looked at the exposed skin, a color that always recalled Genevieve's comment for her, 'their father's coffee and their mother's milk'. When she'd first arrived she'd loved the vast variety of colors of skin, hair, eyes, so different. It was clear to her that was just decoration, all humans were, just, humans, they all tasted the same. She still didn't understand why they put such stock in skin color, but even they'd had to deal with it. Many looked askance at their pairing, saw only the surfaces.
She sighed. It was changing. The murdered young president and better Reverends than hers had started efforts. This city had seen protests and demonstrations in the last couple of years, it seemed the easy peace she'd first seen was fragile.
No matter. They'd been through worse, much worse, over their lives. They'd make sure these two had the toughness to survive.