This is a FICTICIOUS story that contains elements of non-consent, abuse, humiliation, gangbangs and other darker types of kinks. If such things offend you, please do not read. This story is meant to be entertainment only.
**
Special thanks to TRCIII for editing this series! His efforts have improved my work no end.
Also to Lucy who has been the inspiration for this and 3 other series that I have written.
**
Tammy sat waiting for the taxi. She was not sure how she felt; this was actually happening, and she was very excited but also concerned. A few weeks ago, she had walked in on her mum and some of her friends fucking, and things had not gone as she would have expected. After that fun afternoon, Tammy had sat down with her mum and had a serious chat about sex and what she wanted. She had never considered having more than one man at a time. Why would she? She was only just 18 and she had only had one boyfriend. However, that afternoon opened her eyes. Then, when her mum had told her everything that she had done over the few months before, it blew her mind! The bit that really surprised her had been the older man on the tube, with people watching. She got really hot listening to that. It turned out her mum had the guy's number, and she had phoned him to arrange another meet. Tammy had listened in to that phone call. Her mum was to meet him outside his club, and then she would be taken inside as a guest of a member. The plan was for her to be used and watched. Lucy had, at the end of the phone call, suggested she might bring a friend, which was eagerly approved. But they had no idea that friend was her 18-year-old daughter.
Tammy stood as the taxi pulled up that was to take them to the club. She was very pleased with her outfit, although she was concerned it was too revealing for the street. She had on red high heels, white sheer stockings, and underneath her red leather skirt that came down to just above her stocking tops she had on, a white lace thong. That thong was the only underwear she had on. Her white top was off-the-shoulder, and very tight; it held her tits like large domes on the front of her, with her nipples showing through. She walked over to join her mum who had made it to the front door before her; her mum was wearing black shoes and fishnet stockings, with a blue leather dress that was revealing to say the least. It started about an inch above Tammy's, and after the very small part to cover her modesty had most of the back cut out creating a huge U exposing her back, and a big V up the front, which started below her naval and split so it only just came the right side of her nipples before they turned into the straps over her shoulders. It was a dress that was impossible to wear a bra with.
As they strode out to the taxi together, she thought the cabbie was about to have a heart attack, and his eyes were about to pop out. She liked that; it meant that the two of them made an impression.
They jumped in either side of the back, and Lucy give him the address of the club. Tammy noticed that he was looking in the mirror almost as much as he was looking forward as they drove off down the road, and to cap it off he actually moved his mirror. As they drove Tammy thought that he was probably trying to see up her skirt, and when they stopped at some lights in town, she raised her knees a little and opened her legs as wide as her skirt would allow, she was sure he could see in the mirror right up her skirt to the sexy thong.
"Errr, the light's gone green," Lucy said, breaking the distraction that Tammy had caused.
As they slowed for the next set of lights Tammy saw him looking again, and she licked her finger as seductively as she could and moved it down, running it up the inside of her leg towards the thong. The car jolted violently, coming to a quick stop, the driver being so caught up in Tammy that he had got to with an inch or two of the car in front as they stopped. That made Tammy grin, and she watched him calm his heart then look back at her, she continued to move the finger, then when it got to the thong she gently pulled it aside, showing him her beautiful, tight, tidy, teenage pussy. Again, his eyes nearly popped out, and as the lights went green she sat up, and closed her legs hiding it all, as if none of it had happened.
Lucy leaned across and said to her daughter, "Stop teasing." That made Tammy grin, too.
As they pulled up at the address, the street was relatively quiet, there were a couple of people milling about but there was no traffic, and it was a stark difference to the busy streets they had just left. The building they were outside was impressive, though; it was Victorian and very grand. The entrance had a doorman, and a gold plaque that announced it as the "John Samson, Gentleman's Club".
Tammy leaned forward to pay the cabbie; she deliberately pushed into the top of the seat, giving him a splendid view of her tits, propped up and snugly displayed in that tight top. He didn't take his eyes off them as he took the money, and Tammy gave him another flash of her thong as she exited the car. Tammy came around the car and joined her mum, and they seemed to head straight for an older man, who looked quite sleazy to Tammy.
"Hello again," Lucy said to the man. Tammy looked him up and down; he was probably about five-and-half-feet tall, had on a horrible raincoat, and had hair that looked a little greasy. Had her mum let this guy fuck her?
"Nice to see you again," replied the man. "Who is this you have with you?"
"This is my daughter, Tammy. She wants to experience everything that we discussed on the phone," Lucy said.
"I was expecting to do that to you, not a lovely young thing like this, but OK," replied the man, then he looked to Tammy. "Hello, Tammy, you look stunning. I am Roger. Do you really know what will happen to you in there today?"
"Hello, Roger," Tammy said. The man made her skin crawl. "I am aware that I will be fucked by a number of men, yes."
"I wasn't expecting you; I think it might be more than a small number, and there will be a queue for a pretty young thing like you. Are you ready for that?" as Roger said this, he walked around behind her, looking her up and down as he went.
Then before Tammy knew it, he had slipped his hands into her top, and then around to her front. He had her tits in his hands, right here on the street. She went to pull away, but he had her tighter than she expected. She looked around but her mum was the only one watching, nobody else in the street had even noticed. Tammy, however, did notice how hard her nipples had suddenly got. His hands seemed to be everywhere on her tits; he was feeling them and squeezing them, and she was definitely liking it.
"These young tits are amazing," he said. "I think I could play with them all day."
He moved his hands and her top was off her tits, exposed in the street. Tammy gasped in shock, but still nobody seemed to notice, as he fondled them in fall view of anybody who cared to look. She was rooted to the spot; much as she wanted to move and cover her breasts, she was not capable of doing, as he continued tweaking her nipples. She noticed that the doorman was now taking an interest; he was looked straight at her young exposed tits, his eyes devouring them. Tammy looked at her mum, who seemed perfectly calm and was actually engrossed in watching this man molest her. Then, as quickly as they were exposed, her tits were put away; she was actually a little disappointed.
"I think you are up to it," Roger said, and took the arm of both ladies and led them up the stairs into the club.
They walked through a grand hallway, past a bar where about 30 men, all looking quite smartly-dressed were drinking. Tammy caught the eye of somebody she knew: Mr. Chamber, her old geography teacher. He definitely recognised her, but they were gone in a second.
They were led to a smaller, quieter room with a bar in; there were only four other people in here. They took seats in some old wingback chairs, and Roger asked what they wanted to drink. They both asked for wine.
"I saw Mr. Chamber in the bar," Tammy whispered to her mum.
"He's not your teacher anymore, though?" Lucy replied.
"No, but that will be weird," Tammy's voice was nervous.
"Get used to weird; based on what I agreed, I think he will probably be fucking one of us later." Lucy seemed completely at ease, and Tammy was surprised. But then again, after the stories, should she be?
Roger returned with two glasses of wine and a whisky for himself. He set Tammy's wine on the table next to her, then sat in a chair, quite close. Almost immediately his hand was on her inner thigh stroking up and down her stocking. As his hand got slowly closer and closer to her knickers, Roger was looking at her body, and her face.
"So, Tammy, what is going to happen in a minute is, you are going to be bent over this chair you are sitting in, and I will fuck you, with the people in this room watching. Then a queue of men is going to form. It will of course be informal, but it will be there, and they are all going to fuck you. They will decide which hole they want to use, and you will lay there, accept it and enjoy it. Is that OK?" Roger was quite calm as he said it.
Tammy could not believe how relaxed Roger was as he divulged the upcoming events; it was like he was describing how she would walk down the street. She could feel how wet her pussy was, and it just got wetter and wetter as he spoke; she was so excited by the idea of being used my so many men. "Yes, I am OK with that," she said, in a clear voice.
Roger's hand moved that last bit and her thong was moved aside, his fingers now playing in the wet mess that was her pussy. As she pushed into his hand, she was hoping that some of these men with big cocks wanted to use her arse. After her friends had their way with her those weeks ago, she had got Paul back the next day. He had put his massive cock in her bum, and she loved it; it was a little painful, but the feelings were amazing. She had cum hard, and had frigged herself several times since, thinking about it. She wanted to get Paul back to do it again.
Tammy gasped as fingers slipped into her pussy, then pushed up quickly and hooked forward to press on her G spot. She moaned at that; then two hands came around the chair and onto her tits. They played for a moment, then took hold of her top and pulled it off. As it came over her tits, it lifted them and they bounced on her chest. As it was pulled over her head, it was thrown to her mother who was sitting, watching all this happen, and drinking wine.
Tammy moaned as Roger's thumb pushed against her clit to complement the pressure on her G. She was loving his touch; it was so skilled, much more so than the boys she had had to-date. The hands came back around and started fondling her tits, tweaking her nipples, squeezing them and feeling the size and shape of them. She loved the feeling and the attention.
After two or three minutes of this action, another one of the guys from the room appeared carrying two cushions; he was probably 75 years old, and the typical vision she had of an old man. She thought he looked older than her grandad!
Tammy was moved and the cushions were placed on the chair, it created a pretty flat top, and then she was bent over and laid across. Roger pulled her skirt up and her thong down, exposing her pert arse and tight little pussy. Tammy did not see where her knickers went after they hit the floor. The old guy was in front of her and his cock was out, she barely had time to take that in and his cock was in her mouth; Christ he worked quickly. Roger landed a few slaps on her bare arse; they stung a little but she liked the thought of him spanking her, and she was, after all, being very naughty.
Roger landed a couple more slaps, then stroked her arse with his hand. As he got to the middle, his fingers grazed across her pussy and made her shudder, she wanted him to play there. Then as if he read her mind, a finger slipped in, and two more moved down the sides of her pussy and started teasing her clit. The old guy seemed very happy with her blow job; they were both moving—Tammy her head and the old guy his hips—and she did not think it would take him long to cum. He seemed far too excited about her young body.
The clit play was working, also. She was moaning steadily now, as she thought about what she was doing and what was to come. Tammy moaned around the dick her mouth; she thought she would cum quickly, but he stopped just as she was starting to tense up, and a few more slaps landed on her arse. A moment passed then she felt somebody behind her, and a cock pushed against her pussy. She moaned loudly, almost dropping the dick from her mouth as it pushed inside her.
The old man with his cock in her mouth reached down and grabbed her tits; he started playing with her nipples as his cock slipped in and out between her lips. Then, as she was focused on the thrusting behind her, the old guy started to cum. It was thick cum, and painted the inside of her mouth. She swallowed and cleared her mouth as best she could as his cock slipped from her and she could move more. The old guy looked really satisfied as he put his cock away.
He bent to her ear, and said, "One load of at least twenty, little darling."
Tammy tingled at that; twenty men were going to have her. She reached for her wine, and took a mouthful swirling it around her mouth before she swallowed it. She looked to her mum, who had a man she knew fondling her breast; it was Sami from their local shop. Tammy was surprised and forgot what she was going to say.
Sami looked back at her and said, "I am in the queue; I have wanted you since the first time I saw you in my shop."
Tammy found that creepy; she would not have been old enough when she first entered his shop. But she also liked the idea that this man that had lusted after her for years was about to fuck her.
"Mum can you get me a water...please?" she said, with a big pause as her orgasm started to rise again.
Roger knew what he was doing and her clit was being rubbed again. He leaned over and whispered in her ear, "You are not allowed to cum until I have, no matter what I do to you. You have to stop yourself from cumming."
Tammy was not sure she could; his rubbing was getting intense as he thrust into her, and her moaning without a dick in her mouth was getting loud, she knew it. Sami was beside her and he put a large glass of water down beside her and she watched as he walked back to her mum and took her tits out of her top. He was playing with them when another old man appeared in front of her with his cock out, and yet again it was shoved into her mouth without any real warning. This cock was bigger, and the owner was a relatively young, for this place—sixty-something she guessed. He was more forceful with her head, moving it with his hands. Taking his dick deep into her mouth, she coughed a couple of times, as he took her to the limit of her gag reflex. Which appeared to be exactly what he wanted.
Sleazy Roger had stopped rubbing her again as she started to shake; she was so close to an orgasm, and she was sure she would have cum if she had not been intentionally thinking of her step-dad. He always turned her right off; they did not get along.
Roger started to ram into her really hard now. She would have moaned a lot more from that if the cock in her mouth was not being forced in so insistently. When she tried to release the moan around it, it went in further and she gagged. It happened twice and she was trying to not do that now. Roger's fingers came back to her clit, and the pressure was intense, to match the ramming. She was not sure she could hold off this orgasm.
Tammy felt her muscles tense; it was all she could do not to bite the cock in her mouth. Her body shook; this was one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had. Her mind was everywhere, and her clit was exploding in pleasure, radiating waves of joy across her body. Being denied and holding back seemed to make it more intense when it happened. She was vaguely aware of the cock in her pussy pulsing, sending cum into her. Tammy felt like a total slut and loved it.
Roger withdrew from her, and then whispered in her ear, "I did your mum like that in the arse, and I will have yours, too. I hope it is a tight as your little pussy!"
Tammy listened but did not really take it in; the guy in her mouth was close, and pre-cum was coating her mouth. His strokes got deep—too deep. She gagged badly, and that was it; he shot. As she gagged and tried to get her breath cum sprayed down her throat. She choked and coughed as he forced his cock in, the deepest anything had been in her mouth, and the last of his cum dribbled down her throat. As he withdrew, her eyes were streaming, and she coughed again. Her face must look a mess, but Sami came over with a couple of tissues and very kindly and gently cleaned her up.
Tammy looked at her mum in this break; she had a man with his fingers deep in her pussy, she was moaning, and Tammy had a perfect view of what was happening until someone flipped her over. Her view now was of more men approaching, one of whom looked very vaguely familiar; she thought she had seen him around the school. He said, "Afternoon, Lucy," to her mum, as he passed.
He had his cock out quickly and was aiming for Tammy's pussy. He had to be 70, she guessed. Then he said to her, "I'm Peter; not that long ago I fucked your mother. She is good, and I hope your tight little cunt is even better."
Tammy didn't have time to even think of a response before his cock was plunged roughly into her pussy. As he did that he said, "Your tits are firmer, and more pert than your mother; you are going to make a lot of boys happy."
The second man moved in, standing with a leg either side of her head and with his balls dragging across her eyes and then her nose, his cock pushed into her mouth. She had never given a blowjob this way before and it became apparent very quickly that with her head hanging down, she had very little control and that the man was able to go very deep into her throat very quickly.
Tammy gagged again, as this new man forced his cock in deeper and deeper; she was barely able to take it, and with Peter ramming her so hard at the other end, she felt a little claustrophobic and trapped. She could just see her mum being bent over the chair she had been sitting in, and a paddle had been brought out to punish her. Although Tammy was unable to see clearly in her position, she heard the words "corrupt" and "daughter" before she heard a loud clapping sound and a moan from her mum. The clapping sound, which she assumed was the paddle on her mum's arse, continued in a rhythm and there were pained moans and grunts from her mum.
The guy fucking her face was really going for it; she was struggling to breathe, and she was sure she would end up with a bruise on her nose from his balls hitting it constantly. Then in no time at all, he pulled out and she felt cum spray across her tits, accompanied by a loud moan from the guy. Tammy coughed and sucked in air; she was glad that was over, but she was also glad she had experienced a full-on face fuck.
Peter said, "There you go. This fantastic body looks a lot better with cum all over it."
Tammy didn't care about cum on her, which would wash off. She was just glad to be breathing again. She looked across at her mum now that she was able to move her head. There were three men holding her down—not that she appeared to be struggling—and the paddle was dishing out quite severe punishment to her arse. She was grunting with each hit, but the pained moaning had stopped.
Peter was pounding her soft little hole really hard now, and he started to rub her clit; she wanted to cum again, and he seemed to want to make her. With the freedom of not having a cock in her mouth, Tammy moaned, and generally became the noisy fuck she normally was, pushing herself into Peter's cock. She did not have that freedom long, another man appeared with his cock out, and she used a hand to guide him into her mouth. He seemed receptive to her control, and she was able to create the space to moan and enjoy Peter. As he made her cum again, she was able to remove the guy from her mouth and fully enjoy the orgasm, wanking him with her hand. As she guided him back in, she got a look at him; he was about 70, too. Christ she was being had by a lot of men that could be her grandad.
Peter was clearly about to cum too, and he withdrew, splashing his cum on her bald little pubis and across her stomach. Tammy knew she was going to be covered in it by the time she was finished. She looked across and her mother's punishment seemed to have finished; another guy was lubricating her arse, with his large cock already hanging out. He was probably 50, and looked ready to make her poor mother cry. The guy she was sucking didn't appear to like the distraction and pulled her head back to focus on his blowjob. As she started to put effort into that, another cock pushed against her pussy and burst in without any foreplay.
She let the guy downstairs just get on with it; she was wanking the cock in her hand with the head in her mouth, and she was flicking across the head with her tongue really making it jump and flinch in her mouth. This was the first guy that let her show the skills she had learnt in her limited time giving blowjobs, and he was getting every trick she knew. She was sure she he was about to cum, when her legs were hoisted up and onto the shoulders of the guy fucking her and she felt him go in deep, deeper than anybody had been today. She moaned, just as the guy fucking her face pulled out, he sprayed cum all over her face, it ran into her hair and up her nose. He seemed very pleased with himself.
Tammy was given a few moments to gather herself. She looked over to her mum, who was being pounded hard in the arse, and she listened to the grunts, in time with the thrusting. Then another man appeared next to her head and blocked her view. He didn't simply have his cock out; he had removed his trousers and when he climbed on, he placed his dick between her ample tits, squeezing them together around his cock, his arse right in her face.
She had a perfect view of his arsehole, just millimetres from her mouth. She had seen this in porn, and guessed she was supposed to lick it. As he started to thrust between her tits, his arse moved away. But as it came back it was close enough and she flicked her tongue across his hole. It seemed to excite him. She carried on with that as he moved back and forth, her first time rimming, and it wasn't bad.
Tammy was engrossed with the rimming, getting into it in a way she never would have dreamed; then she felt the cock in her pussy start to pulse. It withdrew as it was shooting spunk and she felt it adding to what was already on her belly. She was waiting for the guy on her tits to cum too; he was not far away and she was focused on getting him to that point. She pushed her tongue into his hole as he came back and heard him moan. That felt weird, but it really seemed to have an impact on him. As he moved back the next time, she did the same and he shot. He released her tits and his cock sprayed across her, part on her tits and part onto her upper belly.
As the guy stepped off her, she felt a bar towel thrown onto her pubis, and she saw Sami wiping cum away, she spread her legs wide to let him mop up, but he only really cleaned her pussy and pubis. He got rid of the towel, then looked her in the eye.
"You, young lady, have been naughty. This is disgusting for a girl such as yourself, and you need to be punished so you think twice before you do it again." Sami seemed so serious, and she always remembered him being laid back.
His hand slapped her pussy, and she squealed, her legs coming together around his hand. His hand flicked her legs away, and he said, "Take your punishment like the slut you are; don't make me have men hold you!"
Tammy opened her legs as wide as she was able, displaying her beautiful young cunt to everybody. Her mind was thinking about her mum; she had said she loved to be seen and to show off her body, and watched while being fucked. The bit that was in her mind was her mum telling her about her friend Caroline, who loved to be humiliated and used. Tammy was finding this humiliating and she was loving it; she thought she should have a conversation with Caroline. She was planning to do that when a second slap landed across her cunt; she cried out in pain, but she forced herself to keep her legs wide apart. Another slap landed quickly after; it was hard, it stung in a way she could not even start to describe, and she cried out again.
The man that was currently banging her mum in the arse, looked over, and said, "Take your punishment, slut! Your mum just takes it, knowing she is a slut that desires to be treated like this. Don't you, Lucy?"
From somewhere else in the room, somebody shouted, "A slut with a much tighter cunt." There was laughter around the room.
Another slap landed on her pussy; the sting was now unbearable, and when she looked her whole pussy was showing a light pink. She cried out again as the last slap landed; she was proud of herself for not closing her legs.
Sami pulled her legs together and then bent her legs up, it lifted her arse a little and she felt it really exposed her little arsehole. "Hold your legs there," Sami said, as he let go of them.
His fingers started to play with her arsehole and it worked the juice that had run down there from her fucking into her hole, in moments he was fingering her arse. She loved that, it was lovely and the thought of the man that served her sweets as a kid now fingering her arse was really turning her on. She felt him push a second finger in, and then starting to stretch her hole with them. She moaned, then he withdrew. Moments later she caught sight of his old Greek cock, then it was pressing against her hole. She relaxed, and his pressure caused her hole to stretch and the head of his cock started to slip in. She moaned as his head slipped in, and she also noticed how others were watching, not coming to get blow jobs. They wanted to see her arse fucked by the man that owned her local shop. She looked across and her mum was now on her knees being face fucked by a man that looked about 90; he had a walking frame by the chair, for fuck sake.
However, she found it hard to focus on anything else as Sami started to push up her tight little arse. She had grown to love that feeling of a cock pushing into her arse, loved the sensations it set off all over her body. She moaned again as he stopped and withdrew to the head, before forcing it in again with serious pressure. She yelped as it all went in on that thrust; she had to concentrate on breathing for a moment as he started to pound her hard. Sami was using her feet as a spring, and pounding her arse as deep as it was possible for him; his cock wasn't small, but saying it was average was being generous. She had never had anal this way and it did feel different; she was used to being bent over. This was more intimate; he was watching her face as he fucked her, watching her tits bounce about with every thrust, too.
Sami moved his hand and started to rub her clit; she was not sure she could take that, and moaned very loudly as he flicked her clit. It was over-sensitive, now she had cum so many times today. Tammy looked over just in time to watch the guy with the walking frame blow his old, rather pathetic load, all over her mum's face. She was given little time to watch that, although she was slightly confused by her own thoughts, she found what she had just watched both erotic and disgusting. Then her face was pulled around and a man in his late fifties kissed her passionately on the lips. The kiss lasted a good 30 seconds and she was getting into it, moaning from Sami's play into his mouth at least three times, when he pulled away and stopped. She was getting close to cumming again, when he moved to her ear, and whispered.
"Not 10 minutes ago I had your mum up the arse; she was so tight and welcoming. My cock was squeezed as tight as it ever had been, sliding in balls deep. And now it is going in your mouth." His voice had such delight in it, but Tammy really didn't care. Sami had her on the brink.
Tammy was shaking from the orgasm; it was intense and felt like it was radiating from the centre of her body, the way all her anal orgasms had. Then the cock was in her mouth and thrusting to the point of making her gag before she realised it. She licked on it as it thrust in and out, and barely thought about what he had said with the aftershocks of Sami's orgasm still pulsing through her.
Sami let go of her legs and they fell open to the sides as he rammed in deep and she felt his cock spasm, cum painting the inside of her arse. He held it in for a few moments, letting every last drop exit into her. Then when he pulled out, he said, "Thank you, darling. I look forward to your next visit to my shop."
Tammy was consumed with the cock in her mouth, but she thought about that for a moment. Did he expect her to service him every time she went into his shop from now on? She was still thinking about that when another cock was plunged into her pussy. It rammed away hard, with little skill; she could not properly see the man responsible because of the cock in her mouth. Now that it had been in her mouth for a few minutes she was aware of a slightly strange taste to it, and she had to conclude that was her mother's arse. She tried to ignore it and just blow him, although he seemed to be taking his time. She supposed that was the thing about old men; they couldn't do two or three rounds in quick succession. No wonder her mother had loved fucking her friends so much.
The guy fucking her was not going to last long; she could tell he was over-excited and had no talent at all. He clearly didn't get to fuck much, she concluded. However, she also guessed he might be a premature guy, couldn't hold it in at the thought of her young nubile body. It really didn't matter why; less than 90 seconds after he started he was splashing cum all over her belly. What a disappointing fuck you are, she thought!
As she thought she was getting somewhere with the guy in her mouth, a head moved between her legs. For the first time today, a tongue flicked across her clit. She moaned, then she gagged; the guy in her mouth had taken hold of her head and was fucking her face hard. She coughed and gagged, as he thrust several times as deep as it was possible for her little throat to take him, then she almost choked on his cum, as what was a tiny amount dribbled out her throat. But as she gagged, she had no control to swallow and it ran where is should not. As he moved off, she lifted her head, coughed after, and swilled the water Sami had got her around, in her mouth. She did not like that and did not want a cock that deep ever again.
As she relaxed, she started to get nice feelings from the tongue and remembered the guy between her legs, and she looked. "Oh my god," she thought. It was Mr. Chamber, her old geography teacher from last year. That was so wrong, but it turned her on. She moaned, and laid back to enjoy what he was doing. Again, there seemed to be a break, nobody wanting a blow job. Mr. Chamber was skilled and she started to flinch and move as he really got her clit moving. She moaned and her breathing became shallow as she tried to hold off the orgasm, but she only managed that for about 90 seconds. Then she jolted about, as he refused to stop the pressure; moaning "Oh Jesus," she had a prolonged orgasm.
Mr. Chamber stood quickly and before she had even made eye contact, his cock was pushing against her arse. She could tell before any was in, that it was a large cock—much bigger than Sami. Her used hole gave way easily and his head was in quickly, the size stretching her more than before. She moaned, the wonderful feeling shooting around her body, as much from the afterglow as the cock.
As he pushed in—a feeling that was amazing, the closest thing she had got to Paul's massive cock in her arse—he said, "If you were still in my class, you would be punished for this."
Before he could continue, she replied, "If I was still in your class I would be too young for you to do this."
He pulled back out to the head, then as he pushed up further, making her squirm, he said, "True, but nevertheless you will be punished for your outrageous behaviour," and with that he pushed really hard, making her moan in pain. Mr. Chamber pounded her arse hard and it was fabulous. Not that she would tell him that. His hand flicked at her clit, making her twitch with pleasure. Her mum was bent over the chair again, and another old man was banging her hard.
Yet again, when she was enjoying watching, a dick was suddenly in her face. This time the guy stepped over her head and was basically straddling her neck. His cock was in her mouth before she had time to think, but he was not forceful and she was able to enjoy Mr. Chamber with his cock in her arse and his fingers on her clit. Then, with his other hand, he started fingering her too; it was quite intense the feelings he was now creating.
Tammy licked on the dick in her mouth and slowly started to move; it was a little mechanical, as she was focused elsewhere, but the guy seemed to enjoy it. He was about 55 with a big beer belly, but seemed capable, and his cock was very hard with a big purple head that she really liked the look of. Tammy ran her teeth across the head of that cock, teasing it; then it twitched as she moaned heavily from Mr. Chamber twisting her clit. It felt fantastic, and her hot breath was washing over the cock in her mouth.
She made a good attempt at moving the cock in her mouth in and out, and the guy started to help as he became aware what she wanted. Her attention was struggling to focus in two places. Mr. Chamber was really going to town on her clit, as he thrust away at her arse. She was getting very close to cumming yet again; Mr. Chamber clearly wanted her to be at his mercy.
The guy in her mouth was now thrusting gently; she was no longer having to move. She was just licking across his cock as he moved it, and she was happy to let him face fuck her, as she became more and more consumed with action down below. She moaned around the dick in her mouth as she quite violently climaxed. Chamber increased the pressure on her clit and was pushing up from inside her pussy with his fingers as he continued to thrust. Tammy wanted him to stop now; the climax was overwhelming. But the guy whose dick she was sucking sat onto her, holding her in place and Chamber pushed hard on her pubis. She couldn't move as he continued to pressure her clit. Tammy squirmed and tried to twist as the orgasm just kept going. Her breathing was shallow and fast she ached in her muscles as her whole body seemed to be consumed by her clit. It was like she was on fire. Her vision seemed to go black, she was so consumed by the feelings in her pussy and arse.
She was sure Mr. Chamber was cumming in her arse, but the orgasm was all-consuming and everything else was almost happening in her subconscious. Tammy convulsed, her whole body shaking and tensing. She screamed into the air, as it felt like her insides were exploding out. Then it all stopped. She lay there shaking, vaguely becoming aware that the cock was still in her mouth and pumping. The world slowly became real around her again, as she calmed from the high she was just taken to.
Tammy realised that Chamber had disappeared and a new man was approaching. She only caught a little of him as the guy on her was now going for it in the last throes before he shot. She felt a larger-than-average penis push against her pussy lips and then move up. She was taken by how sore she felt now. She was thinking about that as cum sprayed across her face; she was starting to feel a little like she had had enough.
She looked over at her mum, with yet another guy fucking her. From the angle, this one was in her arse, and she was moaning quite a bit. The cock did look big to Tammy, but from her position it was almost impossible to make an informed judgement. The guy fucking her seemed to want to mechanically fuck her and leave; he had barely touched any part of her other than to fuck. A really old guy, Tammy thought 85 or more, walked up, his old chap out, it was not impressive at all, but it was hard. She really noticed the wrinkly skin and liver spots on it, but he seemed to have a bit of confidence about himself.
"Would you do me the honour of a blow job, young lady?" he asked.
Tammy's heart melted; she had been called slut, and whore, and any number of things as she serviced these men, and this was a kind old gent.
"It would be my pleasure," she replied.
"Would have been just after the war that I last had a young lady as beautiful as you, and she didn't have your lovely tits!" he laughed, more to himself than anything.
Tammy carefully took hold of his old chap and gently wanked it as she moved her mouth to it and took the head in. She danced about the head with her tongue and flicked at the banjo string, using her teeth gently to create more sensation. She was completely focused on this man, and massaged his balls with her other hand.
The guy fucking her shot his load and was quickly replaced with another, she was really getting sore now, but he was another mechanical fucker, that just wanted to use her hole and blow.
Tammy took the cock deep into her mouth; she was focused only on giving this old chap something to remember, as she swirled her tongue around his cock. She was surprised that a man so old could maintain an erection so well, but he was not only doing it well, there was a salty pre-sum leaking. She licked that off and swallowed it.
"Wow, young lady that is amazing," he said, as his hand came down and took a good handful of her breast. He was careful, delicate, and with a touch that Tammy was sure would only come with a lifetime of experience. She was lost in this old gent as she wanked his cock into her mouth, his hands enjoying her tits.
Tammy was vaguely aware of the guy fucking her pounding hard now. He was probably about to cum, but she really didn't care.
She kept a rhythm with her sucking and wanking, and the old guy was definitely moving towards a climax, and she was determined that he was going to get there, she was surprised by her own ability to remain consistent, and her determination. She felt spunk spray across her again, and the guy disappeared. She lay there, her pussy on display, her legs spread wide, and she knew many men would be enjoying the view, but no new man appeared to take advantage.
She did not mind, she was almost there, and moments later the old guy was shooting into her mouth. There was not a lot of cum, and she swallowed it. It took him a moment to withdraw and she watched as he put his cock away, then bent to her face. He kissed her very sweetly and then said, "Thank you! I enjoyed that a lot, you are a wonderful girl."
Tammy laid there for what felt like several minutes but it was probably only a minute, she looked across and yet another man was fucking her mother. But the queue that she saw earlier was gone.
Suddenly Roger was standing over her, he flipped her like a ragdoll onto her belly. "Last one," he said.
She felt her cheeks pulled apart and his fingers probed her arsehole, then without pause his cock was pushing into her arse. She really was sore, and it was not comfortable as Roger pushed his cock into her. She would be pleased when this was over, now.
As Roger started to thrust in and out with a significant force, he leaned over, and said, "That's mother and daughter in all holes. Perfect."
Tammy really did not care that this sleazy fuck had fucked them both. 'Who cares?' she thought, as his pounding really started to gather force and pace. She just laid there now, as he pounded. After a couple of minutes of that, her mum appeared. She had straightened herself out and she had Tammy's clothes. She sat and held Tammy's hand as Roger really pounded hard. Tammy started to moan; even in this state she could not get over how much she loved anal.
Tammy and Roger moaned together as they both approached a last climax of the day, but Tammy got there first. It was very tame compared to the one Mr. Chamber had given her, but she felt her arse clench around Roger's cock. That was all he needed, and he pushed in deep to deliver his load.
It took Roger a moment to sort himself, but before he walked off he said, "Thank you from everybody here, ladies. Between you, that was 29 men serviced."
As Tammy's clothes were pulled back on and straightened, she had no idea how many of those 29 she had taken, but she knew it was a lot. It hurt as she stood, she ached everywhere, but she walked under her own power towards the door. As she got out into the street where a taxi was waiting, she felt cum leak out of her arse and start running down her leg. She needed to get home for a shower.