All characters are eighteen or older.
***
If you've read any of the other "The Birthday Suit Club" series you know how this all started. If not, then here is a brief recap. I was severely burned, including my face, as a child which lead to me becoming very reclusive as a teenager. My sister, Gail, decided that I needed to have more social contacts so she made a bargain with me to have some of her girlfriends from college come over and tell me their exposure stories in exchange for me letting them into my home.
This may not sound like much to you, but if you can imagine what I've endured of people's reactions since the fire, you may be able to appreciate what it takes for a teenage boy to risk rejection from girls.
On my part I agreed with two conditions; one that the lights be kept low to minimize the risk of the girls' reactions, and two that I be allowed to write these stories down. Gail agreed provided I ensured that the girls' identities be concealed.
I record these stories and I try to write them in the girl's own words. When Mrs. Layton (not her real name) arrived we introduced ourselves and she handed me a picture. It was a younger version or herself and a teenage boy standing beside a backyard swimming pool. The background was bushy hillside. Mrs. Layton told me that she was ready to tell about something that had happened to her seventeen years before, but that because of some of the people involved she would have to leave out some of the details.
I told her that whatever she decided to tell me or not was completely up to her. She asked me how old I thought she was in the picture. I told her that she looked to be in her mid-twenties. She told me that she was 33 years old when the picture was taken. Then she asked my how old I though the boy was and I told her he looked about 17. She told me that he was 22, a college graduate and that at the time of the picture he was working for a national law enforcement agency. When I asked which one she declined to tell me the name. She continued, saying that the picture was taken shortly after the story that she was about to tell me.
It seems that at the time this incident occurred she was living in an eastern state with hilly terrain. She had gotten divorced from her first husband around a year before and still hadn't gotten back into the dating scene. One Saturday she was cleaning the house when someone knocked on the front door. She went over and peeping through the peephole saw three men in suits on her front porch. When she opened the door the oldest one flashed a badge and told her that they worked for a national law enforcement agency and that they urgently needed to talk to her. Being the typical law-abiding type she invited them inside.
The agent who had shown her his badge told her that time was critical so he would come right to the point. They had a surveillance team hidden up the ravine behind her house. The team was watching another house that was located on the far side of the ravine. His organization believe that drugs were being shipped through the area by the people in this house. Unfortunately something had alerted the people in that house and they had started searching hillside near his surveillance team's location.
What the agency needed was to distract the searchers before they found the team. Mrs. Layton interrupted her story to tell me that the agents all turned red with embarrassment at this point. What they wanted was for her to provide the distraction the surveillance team needed to make their getaway. When she asked how she was supposed to do that, the senior man, who was obviously mortified to be in this position, said they hoped she would go out by the pool in a bathing suit and thus distract the searchers.
When she hesitated, they pointed out that time was of the essence. She quickly agreed and went to change. Once in the bedroom she decided that in this case less was more and so she put on the bikini she had purchased for a family's trip to Florida when she was seventeen. She hadn't worn it since and had only keep it as a souvenir of the vacation.
When she had it on she saw in the mirror that the suit, which had never had an abundance of material, was even less concealing now that she had developed a slightly more womanly figure. She was about to change to something else when one of the agents cried out for her to hurry. Throwing discretion to the winds she hurried out of the bedroom, across the living room, pass the agents and out the sliding glass doors to the poolside.
She had hurried outside, but she still hadn't been so fast that she hadn't heard the softly spoken wows that the agents had murmured as she passed by them. She left the glass doors open so she was able to hear the agents speaking from inside the house. One of them told her to make some noise to attract the searchers' attention. She asked herself, what would a person normally do by a pool that would be noisy? So she did a cannonball dive into the pool.
When she surfaced she thought that by now that she probably had their attention she needed to get out of the water where they could see her in her tiny bikini. So she climbed out of the pool and decided to further attract attention by stretching. She stood up on her tiptoes to flex her legs and reached her arms up and way back. This resulted in her having everybody's attention, because the minuscule bikini top flipped up leaving her boobs completely revealed.
Mrs. Layton said that she was so startled that she couldn't move for several seconds then she tried to get the top back in place, but that as soon as she got one boob inside the top and started to push the other, the first one would pop out.
After what seemed like forever, she simply said the hell with it. Everyone looking had seen what she had been trying to conceal. Besides this was sure to distract the searchers. So she simply untied the knots on the bikini top and tossed it over onto one of the pool chairs.
One other factor that she was surprised to have noticed in herself, she was enjoying putting on the show. She told me that she had never thought about being an exhibitionist, but that she was really turned on, in fact, it was the most erotic experience she had every had.
Mrs. Layton said she went over and laid face down on a pool lounge. She hadn't been there for more than a couple of minutes when she heard one of the agents in the living room softly call out that while that they searchers had stopped when she lost her top now they were beginning their search again.
Keeping her voice down she asked him what they wanted her to do.
She knew what they wanted, but she wanted them to ask her. After a brief pause she heard the senior agent asked if she would please roll over.
Enjoying her new power, she asked him if this meant that the United States' government was asking her to flash her titties for a bunch of criminals. She barely heard his muttered reply of yes.
Mrs. Layton said that she was so aroused that if the swimsuit bottom hadn't been wet from jumping in the pool her state of excitement would have been evident to anyone watching.
Being a patriotic American and wanting to help her country in its time of need and for various other, personal, reasons she rolled over onto her back and closed her eyes. She said it was so erotic to be laying there with her breasts exposed knowing there were federal agents in her house and criminals up on the hillside staring at her boobs.
After a few minutes, keeping her lip movements as slight as possible, she asked how the distraction was working. So didn't hear an answer and asked again. Still no answer. She was about to asked again louder, when she heard someone approaching.
She quickly opened her eyes and saw the youngest agent walking towards her wearing one of her ex-husband's swim trunks. Arriving at her side he told her that the other two agents had left and that it had been decided that they needed to enliven the show she was putting on for the searchers to make sure they stayed distracted.
As she surveyed his athletic physique she stated, somewhat tongue in cheek, that of course she would do whatever her government wanted her to do on its behalf. He responded that he hoped she was agree. He pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion, spray so on her stomach. Then her started spreading it around with his hands. It didn't take too long before he had made his way up to her exposed breasts.
Mrs. Layton noted that he had strong, but gentle hands. All too soon for her, he slid his hands back down to her stomach. However he didn't stop there. He slipped his fingers to the sides of her hips and untied the strings holding the bottom of her bikini together. She raised her hips slightly and taking the hint he pulled the garment free.
Now she was naked, totally exposed to him and everyone else watching her. During this she had reclosed her eyes. Thus her other senses were working overtime feeding her information about what was happening. She felt him move around to her feet then felt his hand gently pushing her legs apart. Her attention was totally concentrated on what he was doing. She could sense his weight coming down on the lounge, moving between her legs.
The electricity shot up her body as his tongue had slipped inside her nether lips and touched her clit. She went rigid for a moment then collapsed as he continued to tickled her with his tongue. A couple of minutes of this and she climaxed. He allowed her to calm down and they renewed his onslaught. She lasted a few minutes before she once again orgasmed.
Grabbing a handful of his hair she pulled him up along her body. Somewhere along the line he had lost his trunks and as they reached the same position she felt his cock slide inside her.
Damn it had been a long time. Within a few second they were moving in time to each other. At some point they rolled over so she was on top. She raised herself up into a sitting position. Fortunately the lounge was narrow enough that she was able to get her feet on the ground. Being on top she was able to control their tempo.
She had a fleeting thought about the people up on the hillside watching her performance, but said to herself, to hell with it, and concentrated on the here and now. When she felt him getting ready to cum she told him that she couldn't afford to get pregnant so she slipped off and surprising herself instead of just the hand job she had being thinking of, she took the tip of his cock him into her mouth. She slide her hand up and down his shaft a couple of times.
She must have been doing it right because within a couple of strokes he was ready. She pulled her mouth off and aimed the head of his penis at her breasts. A couple of strokes and he exploded. She felt the warm, thick fluid splash across her chest. Something about it triggered her third climax.
When she had recovered significantly she remembered the watchers on the hillside. Looking out of the corner of her eye she noted that the two of them had achieved the desired effect. They had everybody's attention.
Behind the criminals she spotted a couple of people disappearing out of sight.
Suddenly embarrassed she dragged her accomplice into the house and subsequently into the shower. When he left a couple of hours later she felt that her service to the government had been amply rewarded.
We were both pretty worn out by the time she finished her story, but before she left she showed me a certificate that had been send to her a few days after the adventure, thanking her for her assistance to the US government.