Ah, holidays. Who doesn't enjoy them and deserve them. A holiday can allow an exploration of something or somewhere new, allow you to do something you wouldn't do in your own backyard, and is a relaxation of the soul.
Although my darling wife Ellie is no stranger to occasionally sitting on our front porch in panties and singlet, panties and bra, just panties or nude, there is always the worrying thrill that a neighbour may see or a friend or relative turn up unannounced. I can only recall two instances where she has had to scoot inside quickly to avoid being sprung, once by a neighbour and once by a real estate salesman.
When on holidays however, for Ellie, the worrying part disappears and it just becomes a thrill. After all, who cares if a stranger happens to catch a glimpse of you in your knickers or nude.
Here is another set of real life tales of Ellies cheeky adventures... I have selected a few of her more memorable veranda flashes below. Maybe dear reader you were one of the lucky people that caught a peek. If not, I do hope you have caught a flash of someone on holidays or been the one giving a bit of a flash. Anyway, I hope you enjoy these brief snapshots of our life and of my adorable wife. All unembellished tales. Where I have quoted speech marks I have used ad lib as I can obviously not recall exact words of conversations from years ago, but they are along the lines of the original conversations.
HOLIDAY A.
This holiday was in Surfers Paradise Australia, a big coastal tourist town. Lots of skyscrapers, one of which we were staying somewhere between floor 20 and 30 of. It was a while ago, so I cant recall exactly which floor, but irrelevant I guess.
We had very young kids in tow and we had bought our trusted babysitter Kate along for the holiday. Luckily Kate was used to seeing Ellie running around not wearing much, or at times not wearing anything when she ran around getting dressed to go out. Kate has been the subject of some of our fantasies, but we have never gone further than fantasy land with her. The kids were quite young when this happened, so would not remember it happening.
I awoke on the first morning and asked Kate where Ellie was. She told me Ellie was out on the balcony. I walked out to a beautiful sunny day outside. From the veranda we had a great view of the beach and ocean, and also the myriad of other towers in the main part of town.
Ellie greeted me from her deckchair. she was catching some sun, not in her bikini, but in a green, black and white leopard print, semi lace bra and panty set. She sat up to greet me and I said "look at you you tease".
I leaned down and gave her a kiss. She asked me what we were going to do for the day. I told her it looked like she was already entertaining herself and I'd be happy enough to just watch the people watching her. It was sort of a joke but sort of true. I moved to the railing and leant on it, quickly enjoying a look at the beach before looking around at the neighbouring buildings.
There were quite a few people out on their verandas, and quite a few were enjoying the view of my wife, blatantly staring straight at her.
i said "hun, looks like you have quite an audience this morning". She replied with a devilish grin "I know babes, I'm loving it"
There was a couple eating breakfast, she in a one-piece swimsuit and he in shorts. Another few couples and groups of younger adults leaning on their balconies just looking blatantly at Ellie. And I saw one older bald guy sort sitting back in the shadows of his veranda trying to get a discrete perv.
Ellie stood up and did a few twirls on the veranda, hands up in the air showing off. When I turned my attention back from Ellie to her audience, I noticed the older guy in particular, as he had picked up a camera with a zoom lens and was pointing it straight at Ellie. I told her and she told me he had taken quite a few of her when she first went out to the veranda in the morning. She had wiggled her butt gently for him as she had laid her towel out on the deckchair and waved to him. He had smiled and waved back. She told me with a devilish grin she had also given him a quick tit flash this morning, teasing her bra cups up over her breasts until they had popped out from underneath. This was music to my ears. I took a few photos of my own as she walked around the veranda, although she didn't flash her delicious c/d cups for me.
I told her she should write him a sign saying same time tomorrow, but she said she thought he would probably be out there again anyway. After she strutted around a little longer we decided to go and get ready so as not to waste the day. We took the kids and Kate to an amusement park and we all had a great day.
The End
(of that day haha)...
The following day started as a wonderful type of groundhog day. I had a little sleep-in, and awoke to find Ellie enjoying some sun on the veranda again. This day she had a red lace bra and g-string combo on, the g-string had a thick top band. (Slight digression - it is always special to me when she wears it as it is what she wore on our first date. Yes I got a good glimpse that day as she leaned forward to get out of my car. Signed sealed and delivered...) Back to the story my dear reader, this following day was a little cooler outside, so she also had grabbed my long sleeved checkered shirt and put it on along with my sunglasses. It looked quite sexy seeing her out there flaunting herself in the open blue shirt with the red matching set underneath. She was reading some kind of naughty mills and boone novel. "Morning babe" she said.
"Morning babe" I replied. I took a seat on the adjacent deck chair and looked across at the other buildings. A man waved, looking at us. It was the cheeky bloke who had been snapping photos the previous morning. I gave him a wave back. "Ellie hun, I think you've started something. I'd love to see his photos from yesterday."
"You'd probably like to see the ones he took today too." she replied, then growled and pawed at me like a lioness. "I should go over to his room and get him to do a boudoir session to give you for your birthday."
I took a few candid photos of my own, loving the mischief of the red lingerie under the long sleeved shirt
Ellie decided it was well and truly time for breakfast, so went and made some toast for and bought it out to the veranda to eat. I sat at the table with my back to the beach end of the veranda so as not to inhibit the view of my wife from the adjacent buildings. We discussed what we should do for the day and we decided on an unscheduled day.
We drove around a bit, checked the outdoor mall out and grabbed some lunch. Then we agreed it was time for the beach. We didn't have our swimmers, but we thought the kids would enjoy building some sandcastles as they were quite young at the time.
We went to a quiet part of the beach, away from the main patrolled part. There were very few people there, and occasionally a person or a couple would walk past along the waters edge. We had a great time with the kids in the sand and Kate went for a walk along the waters edge. When she came back Ellie asked if we could go for a walk, always a lover of walking along the water. Off we went hand in hand, the bottoms of our jeans getting wet as the tide lapped the shore.
Once we were a little way away, Ellie said "Babes, I've got a little surprise for you."
She lifted her t-shirt up over her belly and over the red bra, up and off over her shoulders and arms. I know anywhere on the beach you can see women in their bikinis, but the fact she was wearing a sexy lace bra was quite exciting. And of course I knew what she was wearing underneath her jeans.
She stayed in her bra and jeans for a while as we kept walking, soaking up a bit of sun. Several people walked by us as we walked hand in hand, tits in red lace bra. I noticed a few longer than usual gazes and smiles. After a while we decided to walk back. As we turned upward onto the sand a bit she asked if I still had my phone handy. Needing no further encouragement I whipped it out of my pocket and she proceeded to take her jeans off. Well, she tried anyway. The water had drenched her up to her knees, so all she was able to do was pull them most of the way down to her calves. We had a laugh as Ellie struggled to remove her jeans all the way, while people who were seemingly on the horizon or not visible when she started teasing her jeans seductively off her hips now walked past us. I am quite sure that one of the people, though camera less on the beach may have been our friend that had been taking snapshots, but as with the other people who had walked past us, he just walked by looking and smiling while Ellie was bent at the waist and knees offering an amazing view of her g-string, butt and bra.
Ellie ended up having to pull her jeans back up to walk back to where Kate and the kids were, unfortunate for all that she had been unable to take them off and strut her heavenly curvy body in just her lingerie along the beach. She did make sure to do it on another holiday, but in a different bra and g-string combo.
.....
HOLIDAY B
This balcony flash occurred on the same holiday as the separate tale about 'Ellie at the non nude beach'. This story is short but a bit humourous.
We had rented a house for the weekend near Jervis Bay. The house overlooked a lake and was in a quiet peaceful neighbourhood. I had snuck some new lingerie into the suitcase for Ellie to wear on the weekend away.
The set she was wearing in this veranda tale was a red bra and panties, the bra was a half cup that easily folded down to display her full breasts. There was also a black stocking/garter one-piece. We had spent the first day of the holiday at the beach, and on the second day it was quite overcast. After we got up and had breakfast, I pulled the outfit out of the suitcase and laid it out on the bed.
I told Ellie there was a surprise on the bed for her. Her eyes lit up for a second, and then she clued to it. "is it some new clothes by any chance?" She knew me all too well. She walked into the room to see what I had picked out for her to wear. I decided to go for a smoke on the veranda overlooking the lake. It was so tranquil and quiet that I just stayed out there. I had planned to smoke and then go and watch her finish dressing, as that is always a treat, but however many minutes later it was, I heard the screen door slide open, and out came my darling wife, dressed like a sexy slut in her new panties bra and stockings.
She shut the door behind her and came to join me leaning over the railing. It was a residential area, but there wasn't much chance of her being seen. This was all for me. She moved off the railing and started to do a sexy dance, so I got my phone out and starting filming a precious memory for later.
Flicking her head around slowly making her high ponytail bob about bought my attention to her beautiful face. Then she lowered my attention as she leaned forward and jiggled her tits side to side. She spun around and then continued to dance and started singing, unfortunately I cant remember which song.
Ellie slid her hands down her sides to the garter. Her fingertips took it and she slowly teased it off for me. Now she was just in her bra and panties. She struck a few poses for me and took the hair tie out of her hair. She shook her long red hair out and continued to tease and dance and sing.
Not too far away we heard a lawnmower start, but it was a distant thought. Ellie put her hands to the top of the half bra cups and pulled the cups down to expose her ripe breasts to the gentle breeze. She covered her tots with her hands and did a peekaboo show, flashing them in and out from under her hands.
It was at this time that the lawnmower came into view. We hadn't expected this as it had seemed like a private oasis, so in surprise Ellie covered up her tits. It was a neighbour 2 doors down on a ride on mower. He was probably 30 metres away. He did a circle of his lawn and disappeared from view.
Ellie relaxed from her initial shock. In her naughty but nice voice she said to me "Ooh, Mr lawnmower man, can you take me for a ride." She closed her bra cups up, slightly embarrassed for the moment
The noise of the mower started coming closer again. He came into view and happened to glance up. Ellie waved at him and I joined her and also waved.
He waved back and continued on his circle. You can see him in the top left of the photo on the grass just under the right hand side of the bridge.
"I dare you to flash him your tits" I said. Ellie smiled and simply said "sure!"
He came for another circle and it seemed like he had put the mower into a slower gear. As he came into view, Ellie looked straight at him and teased the bra cups down once more.
The look of shock on his face was priceless, but what was funnier was that he was so busy looking he lost concentration, and at the last moment he turned the ride-on mower just before it landed in the lake. He was seriously less than a foot away from a very expensive soaking and potential injury. We laughed our heads off, and he too saw the humour in it. He reversed it up, red faced, and waved that he was ok, then gave Ellie a double thumbs up for her flash.
He continued to mow as she kept showing off. Her panties and bra remained on for the whole time, however she also left the bra cups open until we heard the mower shut off.
We were wondering if he might come over with a few beers and try to engage with us, but there was no further interaction.
Ellie and I went inside after a while and I asked her to pop the stockings back on for a little while which she did and I videoed her dancing, strutting and singing inside.
Then later in the evening we went back outside and she decided to lounge around naked on the deckchair. Unfortunately our neighbour did not come out again. He wouldn't have seen anything with her on the deckchair due to the elevation of the veranda, but if he had come out again I'm sure she would have stood up to show him.
HOLIDAY C...
This one I will keep brief. We were on holidays North of Newcastle and had the kids and Ellies mum along with us. Ellie loves nothing more than to run around in just panties, or sometimes she will cover her delicious boobies with a singlet and no bra or a bra and no top if we are just lounging around at home. Hell, sometimes its just plain naked. Needless to say I enjoy having my sexy chubby girl run around in nothing or next to nothing.
This particular morning was a just panties morning, soft pink everyday ones with a little lace at the front. We decided to have breakfast out on the veranda as it was a lovely morning outside. For decency's sake with her mum and the kids there she popped a singlet on, but ventured out to the veranda without bra, pants or skirt on. Now I know people hang out in their swimsuits on verandas and beaches, but there is something alluring about her doing it in panties with her pokies also on display.
Her mum scolded her for it and Ellie brushed it off saying nobody wants to look anyway. Thank goodness her mum couldn't see the group of guys who I would say were mid to late 20s down on the ground floor at the barbeque area.
They could all see Ellie, and continued to casually look up at her as she walked around the table setting places. I would say it was a sports team on a weekend away, as there were no ladies with them. They were well behaved, no wolf whistling or anything, they just casually and regularly observed her panty clad butt and front. I saw a few of them nudge their mates to turn and have a look. I noticed she had also attracted some attention from the only other people that I could see out on the veranda, a middle aged couple sitting next to each other catching some morning sun.
Unfortunately there was not an opportunity to catch a memory with a photo seeing as Nanna and the kids were there, but the memory is locked away in our minds.
That evening with locked door, curtains wide open and the light in the ensuite on for backlighting Ellie got dressed into a black one-piece lingerie number. It was sheer solid material front and back with wide gapped crisscross/fishnet on the sides and around the crotch and ass crack. This was of course an unmissable photo opportunity...
She did a little tease dance for me and whoever was watching thru the window before we had sex with her lingerie still on. With pussy full of cum she walked out to the ensuite veranda with me for a quick smoke before bed
(and yes I had thrown a pair of undies on). We could not see anyone out on their verandas, but who knows who was looking from behind the glass or in the shadows.
When we got back inside Ellie strip teased her outfit off quite close to the window, releasing her amazing BBW body slowly, inch by inch out of the tight fitting outfit. We went to bed with the blinds left open, ensuite light on and slept naked. We certainly hope someone out there got some entertainment that night or the next morning.
While there have been other instances on various verandas, these are the top 3 where Ellie has knowingly been seen.
The end