Jonathan Kolb took great pride in his wife's appearance. He was one of those people who not only didn't resent other men looking at his wife, he derived genuine pleasure from the idea that others would envy him for being in the company of such a woman. After all, he would think to himself, Megan has chosen to be with me and not them. He was also proud of her success at work, where she was part of the development team at BetterWorld, a leading charitable organization.
When they first met in college, Megan had been quiet and somewhat withdrawn and that, combined with her obvious intelligence, often gave the impression of being standoffish and a bit of a snob. But Jonathan, a popular student athlete on campus with an outgoing personality, had always seen through that. When they first started dating, he helped to draw her out and make her more comfortable in large groups of people. With his natural athleticism, he sparked a greater interest on Megan's part in exercise and physical activity, and over the eight that years that they'd been together, she'd slim down to her current 130 pounds, working hard to keep her 36-25-35 inch figure in shape.
Jon was now a senior art director at an important advertising agency, and as such he understood how to persuade people to do things, and he knew that sex sells. And although his wife often seemed bashful about acknowledging her beauty, Jon would point out that her good looks, and especially her 34DD cup breasts, were undoubtedly factors in her landing a job as a fundraiser at a non-profit. Trained as an accountant, she had grown bored with working all day with numbers. She wanted to help make things better in the future, and when she learned of the position at BetterWorld that combined finance and public relations, she jumped at the chance. Over time Megan grew more comfortable with the idea that she needed to "turn on the charm" when convincing prospective donors to contribute and began to discover that she enjoyed the interaction with people and the attention that her good looks invariably garnered.
Now, for any nonprofit, the single most important aspect of anyone's job is to bring in the money needed to support the various goals of the organization. And Megan Kolb was very good at her job. So, when the development team assembled in early January to plan an event to kick off that year's fundraising campaign, and the CEO Scott Marston suggested a costume party to be held around the time of Mardi Gras, Megan knew that she along with the rest of her team were expected to take the lead in making the event a memorable one.
"Well, I can't say I have a lot to add to Scott's idea," she confided to Kayla, one of her colleagues on the development team and best friend at work, after the CEO left the room. "You know, I've never actually even been to one myself."
"You haven't?" her friend said, somewhat surprised that someone as attractive as Megan had never attended a costume party, at least during her college years. "Never dressed up as sexy nurse or naughty school girl? It's a great way to be a little creative, and it's amazing how differently people treat you when you're in a costume. I think you'll love it."
"Don't get me wrong. I understand Scott's logic in getting the donors and the Trustees together for a celebration, and I can see why the whole idea of dressing up could get them to think and act in ways they don't normally behave. I'd just prefer to limit my role to going around and encouraging them to sign the big checks!" she said with a smile.
"And that's what we'll all be doing," Kayla nodded. "But I would think," she said, pointedly looking up and down the shapely blonde's body, "that with the right costume, you'll find it a whole lot easier to persuade them to sign those checks."
"Now you're sounding just like Jon," she replied, then paused. "So, is that what you're going to do?"
"Absolutely," her friend nodded. "I think that's the whole point of a costume party. It gives you the chance to dress in a way you would never dare to otherwise, especially at work, "she added with a chuckle. "I'm already thinking of wearing this dress I bought when Patrick and I went on our first cruise right after we were married. It has a thigh-high slit and it's practically backless. I just have to make up some lame explanation of who I'm dressed as."
Sydney, the young assistant on the development team, had been sitting on the other side of Kayla and eavesdropping on their conversation. "Sounds like Jessica Rabbit," she chimed in.
"The cartoon character, right?" Kayla asked, turning slowly to face Syd. "I remember my parents showing us that movie when we were kids. That's not a bad idea." She paused, and then asked the assistant, "And how about you, are you okay about dressing up?"
"Can't wait," the young woman exclaimed. "We did stuff like that at our sorority all the time," she added. "In fact, I think I've got a devil's costume packed away somewhere that I could wear."
"And you know," Kayla continued, "I could probably find an inexpensive red wig somewhere and," gesturing discreetly to her B-cup breasts, "some sort of push-up bra to accentuate these little puppies."
At first Megan had been somewhat disconcerted by the entire conversation, but the matter-of-fact manner in which her two colleagues discussed possible costumes was having the effect of getting her excited about the entire enterprise.
"Yeah, and I'll have to make sure I exercise a little more often," Sydney said with a laugh. "My devil outfit is really just a tight jumpsuit with a tail on the backside and a pitchfork, but it's kind of clingy, if you know what I mean."
"Not the sort of thing we'd normally wear to work," Kayla added, making the comment as much for Megan's sake as Sydney's. "But as long as you're comfortable with it, you should definitely go for it." Then, turning to her friend, she continued, "You know, we could really have some fun with the whole thing." She paused, and then added, "So let's see, what we can come up with for you?"
"Well, if partners and spouses are invited, I'm guessing Jon will have some ideas," she said with a faraway smile. On multiple occasions, she had noticed the pleasure Jon took in having her wearing some slightly revealing outfit when they were out in public, and she realized that this could very well be one of those situations.
Kayla nodded. "I'm sure they'll be included. Scott likes to foster the idea that we're all one big happy family." Then, having been in a number of social situations with Jon and Megan and observed her husband's reaction when people commented on the blonde's looks, she added, "And you should definitely tell your hubby to text me so we can consult on costumes. After all, he's the creative one in your house," she teased her friend.
"I guess you're right," Megan conceded. "Plus, I'll make him come up with some sort of matching costumes. There's no way I'm doing this alone!"
"Don't worry about flying solo on this," Kayla reassured her. "Syd, Eric and I will be right by your side."
***
That night at home, Jon asked how work had been, and naturally enough Megan mentioned Scott's plans for a costume party. His eyes immediately lit up.
"That's a fantastic idea," he responded enthusiastically. "And partners are included, eh? That sounds ideal."
"Ideal for what?" Megan asked. "Are you going to suggest I go dressed up as something crazy?"
"Not crazy, hun. But definitely a little daring," her husband answered, doing his best to keep the excitement he was feeling out of his voice.
"Jon!" she protested, trying to mask the fact that ever since her discussion with Kayla, she had been fantasizing about just what Jon might suggest.
"Well after all," he explained, "if you're supposed to be encouraging donors to cough up some big bucks at this affair, something a bit naughty might be just the thing to help to convince them." Sensing his wife might still be uncertain, he continued. "Trust me on this, Meg. After all, I do work in advertising, you know."
In fact, the same exact thought had occurred to her and Kayla hours ago, but for some reason she was pleased that her husband had offered this rationale himself. Trying her best to look as if she were being reluctantly persuaded by the logic of his argument, she glanced demurely at him and said, "Well, when you put it look like that...."
"Then it's settled," Jon immediately replied, eager to get Megan on record as agreeing to go along with his suggestions.
"You know," Megan offered, "you might want to get in touch with Kayla about this. She was at the meeting with Scott and she's really excited about the whole idea. She seems to know all about these costume parties, so maybe you can coordinate the whole thing with her."
Jon already had several ideas in mind, and he was somewhat suspicious about why Megan would want to involve a friend from work in their planning. At the same time, he had met Kayla and her husband Patrick on several occasions and gotten along really well with them. And as he thought about it, he realized that having his wife's work colleague partnering with him on this would probably help. Cautiously, he replied, "Sure, why not."
Somewhat surprising to herself, Megan found that she was relieved by the way their conversation had unfolded. In her mind, she had already decided she wanted to follow through on the idea of dressing somewhat daringly. But she also knew that her conservative instincts might cause her to second guess any decision and back out at the last minute. But now, with her husband and her colleagues working together, she would be getting just the encouragement she needed. Knowing that this represented the point of no return, she took a deep breath and went on.
"Let me give you Kayla's number so you can text her. She already was talking about going as Jessica Rabbit, so I suspect she's got the same take on this affair as you."
Pleased by this additional information, Jon smiled and nodded. "Sounds like she and I are on the same page." He gave Megan a big hug, saying, "This will be a lot of fun. Just relax and leave everything to me and Kayla. I'm sure you're gonna love what we come up with."
"That's kind of what I'm afraid of," she responded, as she leaned against Jon's chest. And then, becoming aware of how obviously aroused Jon had become, she reached down and started to unzip Jon's pants. "After all, there may be some other benefits to this plan," she thought to herself as she began to slowly stroke his already semi-erect cock.
Part 2: The costume
Thanks to the distraction of Meg's hands and mouth and one of the best nights the two of them had shared in months, Jon hadn't given another thought that evening to the costume party. But driving to work the next day, he found his mind drifting back to the choice of an outfit for his wife. For some reason, he recalled pictures that Andrew, one of the young assistants at his office, had shared several months earlier after returning from a Comic Con convention. The shots featured various attendees dressed up as favorite comic book, film, and video game characters, and not surprisingly, the young man's selection had heavily emphasized women in revealing outfits --Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, and Princess Leia slave girl apparently being his personal favorites.
So as he soon as he arrived at the office, he asked Andrew if he still had some of those shots on his phone, and over a cup of coffee they scrolled through several dozen pictures. One immediately got Jon's attention, in part because it showed a couple in costumes with the guy wearing some sort of outfit that closely matched his old karate robe. But more importantly, the young woman was a stunning blonde with pigtails, full breasts, and wide curvy hips on full display in a bright green bodysuit.
"Hey, that one," Jon said, pointing to the image. "They're some sort of video game characters, right?"
"Good guess, boss," the assistant nodded. "That's Cammy street fighter, and the dude with her is supposed to be Ryu."
It was clear his costume would be easy to pull together, but Jon had no idea how to assemble the woman's costume. So, he starting searching for street fighter costumes, and almost immediately a number of possibilities popped up. Some were in blue. some in green, but all closely matched the outfit that the girl in Andrew's picture was wearing.
"Cammy White?" he asked his assistant, who nodded.
"Yep, definitely a badass. You never played the game?"
"Not that I remember. Besides, I was more of a movie guy so Princess Leia was my ideal," he said with a low chuckle, thinking that wouldn't be a bad choice for his wife either. "But thanks, Andrew. This has definitely given me some ideas for a costume party we're supposed to go to."
"You and your wife?" Andrew asked with considerable interest, having seen Megan a couple of times in the office visiting Jon. When his boss nodded, Andrew let out a low whistle, turned and walked away as he muttered under his breath, "I'd pay to see that."
As he continued looking online, Jon found a number of places that sold the complete outfit, along with appropriate gloves, weapons, boots, and a blonde wig with pigtails. Initially he hadn't thought about a different hair style for Megan, but knowing that her current short crop pixie cut could easily accommodate it, he decided that a wig would be a useful part of any costume. It might allow her to get more into the character of Cammy, adopting the mindset of being someone completely different from herself.
Scrolling through the pictures of the Street Fighter costumes, he realized that getting his wife to dress this way was going to require some persuasion on his part. Cammy's green bodysuit was like a leotard someone might wear doing gymnastics but cut very high above the top of the wearer's hips. This meant that the fabric narrowed dramatically as it approached the juncture of the thighs, exposing a great deal of skin on both sides of the green material. And although most images online were showing the front of the model, the one rear view Jon found confirmed that most if not all of his wife's ass would be on display.
Having selected a specific website that sold the Cammy costume, he texted Kayla. Explaining that Megan had suggested that she might be able to help him select his wife's costume, he said he was hoping to discuss the situation with Kayla. He didn't hear back from her until the very end of the day. After offering her apology for the delayed response and the explanation that things had been particularly hectic at work, she indicated that she'd be happy to help him out. They agreed to get in touch that night from home.
Over the course of the evening, chiefly when his wife was out of the room or not paying attention, Jon exchanged texts with Kayla. They both agreed that Megan might be resistant to wearing anything too revealing, so they needed to emphasize that their costumes would help the development team reach their money-raising goals for the night. And once Kayla confirmed that she would be dressing as Jessica Rabbit, Jon was certain he had a natural ally in this campaign to move his wife outside of her comfort zone. Saying that he had already come up a possibility, he proceeded to send a link to the costume with the suggestion that he and Megan go as Cammy and Ryu.
In a matter of minutes, he got a reply. "Patrick and I agree this is perfect. In fact, hubby says he wishes he had thought of it for me, but I think the honor should go to Megan. Besides, I've already ordered a red wig!"
So, with Kayla on board, Jon selected the appropriate accessories to go with the costume and proceeded to order them online. They agreed to have them sent to Kayla so she could take the lead in making sure everything fit properly and advising Megan on the type of undergarments that would be needed with the bodysuit. Jon, at least, was certain that no pair of panties he had ever seen Megan wear would work with the Cammy outfit.
Furthermore, Kayla added with a certain degree of pleasure, that it would be best not let Megan see the actual costume until it was too late to back out. "If we're going to make our goal for the night," she reminded Jon, "we need our girl wearing something other than one of her usual dresses." This, of course, matched Jon's thinking precisely. After all, if the costume was sent to their house and sat around for days before the party, it gave his wife time to reconsider and possibly choose something else.
That was on a Friday night, but Jon waited until Sunday evening to provide his wife with a full update. He had, he explained, with Kayla's blessing, settled on the idea they'd dress up as characters from a video game. He'd be able to wear his old white karate pants and top, and he had already purchased a few accessories for himself online. At the same time, he had ordered a costume for Megan and had it shipped directly to Kayla. "We thought," he explained, "she could help you try it on and decide what else to wear with it. You know, that sort of thing."
Although she was growing more and more comfortable with the idea that Jon wanted to show her off to people, this was still going to be a work event with many of her colleagues in attendance. "I'm really glad," she replied, "that you're working with Kayla on this. She totally understands what our goals are for this event, so I know she'll keep things from getting out of hand. God knows," she said teasingly, "what you'd do if left to your own devices. You'd probably have us go as Adam and Eve!"
"Now, why didn't I think of that," Jon laughed. But it was only later that he began to wonder if he had missed an opportunity. As the couple cuddled together in bed, he found himself imaging what it might be like to someday display his wife fully nude to other people. He sighed as he wrapped his arms around the sleeping Megan, satisfied at least for now. In less than two weeks, he thought, his wife would be dressed in a costume that proudly displayed most of her luscious ass to dozens of her colleagues and donors.
When Megan talked to Kayla the next day at work, her friend provided her with more details about the costume. "It's called Cammy Street Fighter, and it's essentially a one piece bathing suit," she explained, searching on her computer for pictures on her computer of the specific outfit Jon had ordered for her.
When Kayla typed in the search term, the first images were of an exaggerated animated figure with huge muscular thighs, arms of a body builder, and lots of weapons. Then, when she narrowed the search by selecting shopping, row after row of costumes popped up, all worn by large breasted young blondes wearing extremely high cut green leotards. In a sense Kayla was right -- she would be wearing something very much like a bathing suit, if you didn't mind exposing most of your butt when you went to the beach.
Not sure of how to respond to her friend, Megan simply stated with a completely straight face, "You know my hair isn't long enough for pigtails."
"And I'm not a redhead," Kayla immediately replied. "That's going to be half the fun of it."
"And I think I can see what the other half is going to be," Megan answered with a chuckle, clicking on a picture that showed the rear view of a model wearing the Cammy outfit.
"Not what you'd normally wear to the office," her friend said with a smile, "but it's entirely appropriate for a costume party. Besides, Patrick played the video game as a kid and he said this Cammy is, in his words, a totally awesome kickass bitch."
They both looked at each other and laughed. "I know," Kayla said, rolling her eyes at her husband's description, "guys have such a way with words. But he says she's one of the most powerful characters in the whole Street Fighter universe," and then shook her head after a brief pause, "whatever that means!"
"I'm not sure about a fighter universe, but I guess with your Jessica Rabbit outfit and this Cammy costume, if the goal is to draw attention to ourselves and help with the fundraising," Megan acknowledged with just a hint of a smile, "I think we'll succeed. And," she added, "probably make our husbands very happy."
Reflecting on the differences in their outfits, Kayla couldn't help but say to herself, "Especially Jon."
***
Over the next few days, whenever Megan thought about the party, her mood alternated between excitement and terror. But as time went by, she realized that excitement was winning out, and she became more and intrigued by the idea of being the center of attention and increasingly curious about how it would all play out. And that sensation was heightened every time she reflected on the fact that her husband was obviously looking forward to being there to witness the entire evening.
So, she was genuinely pleased on Saturday morning when she received a text from Kayla inviting her to drop by that day. "When I got home from work last night, the package with your costume was here. So do you want to stop over and try it on?"
"Sometime today work for you?" Megan replied.
"Sooner the better" popped up within seconds on her phone. "Patrick will be around this morning and he's eager to be here when you stop by."
In addition to seeing Patrick numerous times when he'd visited his wife at their office, Megan had always enjoyed getting together with the couple outside of work. Consequently she'd grown very comfortable in Pat's presence and it seemed very natural for him to want to check her out in the Cammy outfit. "See me, or see my costume," with an emoji showing a tongue sticking on.
"Both!" her friend exclaimed. "So, be here around 11?"
A few hearts and hugs emojis were exchanged, and Megan decided to grab a quick shower before heading over to their place.
Kayla greeted her at the front door and almost immediately led her into the bedroom where Megan could see something resembling a gymnast's leotard spread out on the bed. "Well," her friend began, pointing to the bright green garment, "I just took a close look and it's cut a little higher than I realized. There were a bunch of these listed on line but this is the one your husband ordered. What do you think?"
The blonde held it up and her eyes nearly popped out of her head. On top, it had a high neck with a short zipper in the back, but from the waist down, the outfit wasn't much more than a thong. Unlike a leotard or bathing suit with a solid strip of fabric in the crotch, the bodysuit was designed to be pulled over her head and fastened between the legs. But the green material was so narrow at that point that there was space for only three tiny snaps all squeezed together.
"Wow, I hope these hold," was all Megan could manage at first as she fingered the snaps at the bottom of the costume. She then flipped it over and confirmed that the outfit was cut so high on the back that it would ride up over her hip bones and expose most of her ass. "I mean, is this going to cover any part of my butt," she exclaimed.
"Umm, probably not," Kayla replied as her friend's face reddened. "Hey, but at least it's a high neck so you won't be showing any cleavage."
"But tight enough that my boobs are going to stick out a mile. That will make Jon happy," the blonde thought to herself as she realized how the stretchy fabric would cling to her DD cups.
"So, why not try it on and see what you think," Kayla continued, as she picked the costume. The blonde hardly dared to admit it to herself, and she certainly wasn't going to say it out to loud to her friend, but she was actually eager to see what she looked like in it. Trying to maintain the appearance of being somewhat reluctant, she hesitated a few seconds and said, "Well, since it's here, I guess I might as well give it a try."
Suppressing a bit of a grin, Kayla simply nodded and said, "Why not?"
Megan slowly stripped off her jeans and top, slipped off her sneakers, and pulled the green bodysuit over her head. She had worked it halfway down her hips when she stopped, both girls realizing that there was no way she could wear her panties under it. Glancing down at them, Megan did a little bit of a shrug and said with a smile, "I think I gotta take these off for now."
"'Fraid so," Kayla replied, holding out her hand to take the panties from Megan as the blonde quickly stepped out of them.
Over the last couple of years as Megan had gotten more comfortable wearing bikinis in the summer, she had begun grooming her pubic hair, settling on a neatly trimmed triangle that managed to cover her lady parts without being visible at the beach. But as she tugged on the front and back ends of the bodysuit, working the fabric between her thighs and snapping the two ends together, it became obvious that a little more trimming was going to be needed.
"Oh my god," her friend exclaimed. "That is amazing. You so rock that outfit."
Megan stared almost in disbelief at her image in the mirror. Without any panties, the narrow slip of green in the front just managed to cover her mound. Even after adjusting the material across her crotch, light tufts of hair could still be seen peeking out on the sides. From the front, her hips were fully visible, with the fabric only starting to curve around to her back at a point roughly in line with her belly button. And when she turned and looked over her shoulder at the mirror, her jaw dropped.
The fabric at the bottom of the bodysuit had completely vanished into her butt crack, emerging only at the top of her ass, eventually to curve over the tops of her hips. But it was almost like she was naked from the waist down.
The two friends turned to look at each other, their mouths wide open. It seemed like a full minute standing that way before they both simultaneously broke out in loud laughter.
"What the fuck," said Megan, "I can't even wear a thong under that!"
Just then there was a knock on the door, and Pat started to open it. "Hey ladies, I heard screaming. Is everything okay?"
"Patrick," Kayla blurted out, "you can't come in here," but the damage was already done. He was now standing in the open doorway staring at Meghan.
"That is absolutely amazing," he practically shouted, unable to take his eyes off of her butt. And when Megan turned to face him, blushing furiously, he staggered backward and clutched at his chest as if he were having a heart attack. "You're killing me," he said playfully.
"Come on, knock it off," Kayla scolded him. "You're not really making this any easier for her."
"Hey, that's okay," the blonde replied, trying to regain her composure. Pat's reaction had merely confirmed what she already knew, that wearing this costume at the party was going to be totally unexpected and get quite a response. And, if the goal was to encourage large donations, especially from some of the men, it looked like Cammy Street Fighter might get the desired results.
"I mean, I already told Kayla that I'd go along with this, so I don't think I can back out now. And if it's not exactly what you were expecting," she said trying to maintain a straight face, "then maybe it will surprise some other people as well."
Kayla continued looking at her friend, and then with a chuckle, added, "You don't mean your darling husband, do you Megan?"
"Well," she responded. "I do like to please him," she answered with a wink. "But that's not exactly what I was getting at. After all, he picked out this outfit."
"I think," Patrick interjected, having recovered enough that he could speak in complete sentences, "that Megan's suggesting that I'm a bit of a guinea pig here. And if I had that reaction, how do you think your precious donors will respond?"
The two women nodded in agreement, and Megan continued. "Now, don't you think I should try on the rest of the outfit before we make any final decision?"
Kayla pointed to some elbow-length fingerless gloves, a beret, and socks that were already spread out on the bed, their red color contrasting vividly with the green bodysuit. But she began by handing her friend a blonde wig with long pigtails down each side. "You can start with this," she suggested, "and I'll I get out the other stuff that goes with the costume."
She began by pulling out a pair of black suede ankle-high booties with a six-inch chunky heel and holding one up for Megan's inspection. "I think Cammy normally wears military lace-up boots but these seem a little more stylish, considering the occasion. And," thinking of her five and a half foot friend in the boots, she added, "the extra inches will be great."
"Makes sense," Megan replied as she fit the wig over her short bobbed hair and tucked in some loose strands. "They say taller people instinctively command attention, so maybe the donors will sign checks for the amounts I suggest! And what's in that box?" she asked, pointing to the final package on the bed.
"Should be Cammy's pistol holder," Patrick chimed in, as he proceeded to rip open the box and pick up a black Velcro-strapped holster with a plastic gun and knife sticking out of it. "Yep, that's what it is."
"You see," Kayla said with a comical sense of exasperation, "another indication of my husband's misspent teen years," and both women chuckled.
"So which arm do I put it around it?" the now pig-tailed blonde asked. "Is it worn like a blood pressure cuff at the doctor's office?"
"Oh come on Megan," Pat said teasingly. "How are you gonna get to your weapons quickly that way. You're right-handed, aren't you," and she nodded in reply. "Then right thigh, like a garter."
She strapped the holster in place, then sat down to put on the socks and boots before sliding on the gloves. Standing up, she looked into Kayla's mirror and placed the beret on her head. "So, what do you guys think?"
"Unbelievable," said Patrick in genuine admiration, "although I can still see part of your bra."
Kayla went over to inspect her friend more closely, looking around the sleeveless top of the leotard. "Yep, you'll definitely need something different under this for sure. And," she added as her eyes travelled to the bottom of the bodysuit, "we'll need to do some work down there."
Megan chuckled softly. "Yeah, I already decided I'm going to have to do some trimming." In spite of Patrick's presence in the room -- or may be because of it -- she ran her finger along the outside of green fabric stretched between her legs and over the light wispy curls sticking out of the costume.
"A nice landing strip should do the trick. That, and a C-string."
"What is a C-string?"Megan replied.
In response to that comment, Kayla went to her dresser drawer and pulled out a narrow, u-shaped piece of fabric that resembled a g-string but without the straps on the side. "Looks like this," she said, handing it off to her friend.
Megan carefully inspected the black lace triangle in the front, then ran her fingers along the cloth covered metal wiring that tapered off to a narrow rounded end four or five inches from the triangle. Having been the center of attention as she tried on the costume in front of her friends, she was now happy to turn the tables a bit by teasing them. She held up the c-string, and asked with a chuckle, "Oh, so this is something the two of you enjoy?"
"Actually, I think it's weird," Pat said, "but I can see that it would work with your outfit." He paused, and then decided to push his luck. "Although personally, I always encourage Kayla to just go commando."
"I'll bet you do," Megan said with a full-throated laugh.
But her friend just shook her head. "Besides, Patrick, this is a professional fundraising event we're running. Now," she said, motioning him to the door, "get out of here. The show's over!"
She practically pushed him out of the bedroom, closing the door behind him, and with a shrug of the shoulders, simply said "Men!" Megan made it clear that no explanation or apology was needed and instead asked for more details about c-strings.
"Well, it just kind of slides in between your legs and the wire holds it in place. I heard someone describe it as a snap-on bracelet for your vag!" and both girls chuckled. "But honestly," Kayla continued, "mine is so uncomfortable that I never wear it anymore. Instead I just wear a thong and to hell with any visible lines. But," she concluded with a wink, "that is definitely not a workable option for you."
"Sounds like I'll have to get one and try," Megan acknowledged as she continued to finger the narrow strip of green spandex covering her pussy. "At least there's some lining down there."
"Oh, and I almost forgot," Kayla said, retreating to her closet and grabbing a pair of pants that were on a hanger. "You'll need these cargo pants to go with the Cammy costume," she added, "unless you want to ride all the way to the event and back dressed like that."
"I think I'd prefer to have something covering my butt as long as possible," Megan acknowledged, "especially if it's chilly out that night."
"And don't worry," her friend explained, fingering the drawstring at the front of the pants, it's definitely a loose fit, so they'll be easy to get on and off."
Megan flashed a brief smile. "Oh, good. It would be terrible if I couldn't get my pants off in front of all the donors," she replied sarcastically.
Now it was Kayla's turn to smile, looking at her friend standing there with her ass cheeks totally on display and the narrow green fabric barely covering her in the front. "I'm just glad you're on board with all of this. And besides what this means for the fundraising campaign," she paused for just a moment, "I get the sense that it's important to Jon as well."
"Yeah," Megan nodded, grateful to have the opportunity to talk frankly about her husband's interest in showing her off to other people. "I don't think I'd ever do this on my own, but I've sort of realized that I don't mind him, well, how should I put it..."
"Persuading you?" her friend suggested. And when she saw Megan nod in agreement, she continued, "Yeah, there's a bit of that in Patrick too," she added. "I just make sure he understands that I can say no."
"Oh," Megan quickly replied, hoping that Kayla wasn't implying that she was being forced into doing something she didn't want to do, "I absolutely know that about Jon as well. I would never be with him if I thought that even for a moment."
"Good," her friend said, holding her hand.
"Let's just say that maybe I'm the kind of girl who needs to be encouraged sometimes," she said, hoping she wasn't blushing at the truth of what she was revealing.
Kayla seemed relieved that she had been able to speak so candidly to her friend. With a sigh, she said, "I guess we're all set then. So, let's order that C-string and you can take this all home with you now."
"Sounds good," Megan said. She peeled off the bodysuit, and her friend packed up the various pieces of the costume as the blonde pulled back on her panties, jeans, and top.
"Boots, socks, gloves, garter holster, leotard, wig and beret...you're all set," Kayla said, handing the bundle to her friend.
"And let's not forget the cargo pants," Megan said adding them to bag full of clothes and placed them on Kayla's bed. "But for now, I'd like to leave everything here with you." She smiled and with a bit of laugh added, "I think I'll make Jon wait as long as possible before he gets to see Cammy Street Fighter."
The Party
As the Saturday night fundraising gala drew nearer, Megan found her mood fluctuating between a panicky sense of "I can't possibly go through with this" to a genuine thrill at the idea of being seen in such a revealing costume. But each night Jon was there to encourage her, and during the day Kayla continued to work through the details of how she, Megan, and their colleague Eric were going to ensure that they reached their dollar goal for the evening.
In addition to circulating throughout the course of the party and talking to individual donors, the three of them had agreed to make a brief presentation from the podium after dinner. Scott, as CEO, would introduce them, with the understanding that they'd take no more than ten minutes total going over the various aspects of the current drive. Kayla and Eric would describe current and future activities supported by the organization, and then Megan would speak to some of the more practical, dollars-and-cents aspects of fundraising.
Finally the big day arrived. Megan had stopped by Kayla and Patrick's place in the early afternoon to pick up her costume, getting a last minute pep talk from her friend before returning home to dress up as Cammy for the first time for Jon. Alone in her bedroom, she stripped down to her panties and positioned a strapless backless bra over her DD breasts, pressing slightly to make sure the adhesive stuck to her skin. The bra was essentially two large cups fastened together in the middle, and from past experience she knew that nothing would be visible regardless of how the bodysuit was cut around her arms. Equally important tonight, it would provide the coverage she needed under the tightly stretched fabric of her costume.
Sliding her panties down her legs and stepping out of them, Megan grabbed the c-string and gently pulled the front triangle away from the curved tail, then awkwardly placed it between her thighs and moved it up to cover her pussy. She silently cursed Kayla for recommending this unusual undergarment, until she began squeezing into the bodysuit and trying to fasten the three snaps together at the bottom. Even though the c-string was definitely uncomfortable, she could see that nothing else could have been worn under the costume. Without it to provide some sort of covering, it was very likely the tightly stretched green fabric would slip over the course of the evening and reveal just a little too much.
She took a few minutes to adjust the wig, and then, hearing Jon's impatient calls from the living room, opened the bedroom to emerge in her full Cammy regalia. With the long pigtails, red gloves, holster strapped to her inner thigh, and a bodysuit cut so high and tight in the crotch that the few inches of fabric barely covered her nether lips, she seemed like a completely different woman from the serious person who worked at a highly respected nonprofit institution.
Jon could barely contain his excitement and arousal, which she did nothing to lessen by slowly pivoting around so he could see her entire ass on display. The sliver of green ran deep between her cheeks, emerging to finally widen above her hips. As she continued her spin, she paused and put her arms to her sides so her husband could revel in the fact that her legs and hips were fully exposed all the way up to her waist.
"So, is this what you had in mind?" she asked her almost speechless partner.
"Oh, it's so much better than I could have imagined," the grateful husband replied. He took a few steps closer to Megan, and then, kneeling in front of her, he first removed the holster and then undid the snaps between her thighs. The green spandex immediately sprung loose and revealed the bottom part of the beige colored c-string.
"Can we get rid of this silly thing for now?" he whispered, as his fingers gently pulled at the lacy triangle.
A warm feeling began spreading from deep inside her, a tingling sensation radiating out from the delicate folds of skin beneath the c-string. She immediately reached under the unsnapped flaps of the bodysuit and pulling down on the tail of the string, let it fall to the floor. Megan then placed both her hands on the top of Jon's head and pressed him against her throbbing pussy. Softly moaning as she felt his tongue beginning to tease her, she closed her eyes, certain that allowing Jon to choose her costume had been the right decision.
As Jon buried his face deeper, he grew increasingly intoxicated by the musky aroma of her womanhood. Exploring her wetness, he used his tongue first to lick slowly up and down her labia before moving on to tease her clitoris with a flicking motion. Megan's moaning grew louder as her legs began to tremble and she started to grind against his open mouth, encouraging his tongue to move lower, probing deeper inside her. Without waiting to be told, Jon moved his thumb over her most sensitive part and started circling her engorged clit.
It didn't take long for the first wave to sweep over Megan, her juices coating his lips as his tongue felt the spasming of her muscles. Her loud cries of ecstasy caused Jon to look up at her, the green material bunched below her breasts and her blissful smile partially obscured by the wig that had started to come loose. He could feel his cock growing harder as he began to fantasize about Megan appearing just like this before her colleagues, her costume falling off of her and her legs spread, shamelessly displaying herself for total strangers.
Jon slowly stood up and began to work his hands under the bodysuit until he reached the strapless cups covering Megan's breasts and tried to get his fingers under the adhesive material of her bra.
"Here, let me help you get rid of this," Megan purred, her eyes barely opened as she savored the warmth flowing throughout her body. With one easy motion, she pulled the cups of her strapless bra loose and dropped it on the floor.
Wasting no time, Jon guided his wife toward the sofa, gently bending her over the back of the couch. Now standing behind her, he reached around with his hands and began massaging her near perfect orbs, pausing occasionally to pinch and lightly pull on her nipples. At the same time, Megan spread her legs, teasing him with the view of her pussy lips visible between her ass cheeks as he pressed against her, his throbbing dick easily sliding into her moist chamber. Rocking his hips first slowly, then faster, he thrust deeper and deeper as her groans grew louder and louder.
Looking over Megan's shoulder at their reflection in a mirror on far side of the room, Jon was overcome by the sight of his wife with pieces of an outfit scattered around her that, in just a few hours, she would be wearing at her company's costume party. With one final series of thrusts, he exploded, shooting stream after stream of cum into her. Megan responded with a powerful clenching of her muscles, trying to capture his cock and hold it inside of her as long as possible.
Finally, Jon's strength gave out and he collapsed against her, both laughing as they fell forward over the sofa together. Wrapping his arms around her as Megan turned around to face him, they embraced in a long and passionate kiss, then lay quietly as they tried to recover their strength.
After a few minutes, Megan seemed suddenly aware of the time and what lay ahead of them for the evening.
"Oh my god," she whispered, "I have to clean up and get back into this thing," she said, finally pulling the bodysuit up over her head as she stood completely naked before Jon.
"You could go just like that," Jon said with genuine feeling.
Megan could only stare wide-eyed at his suggestion, realizing for this first time that he might actually be serious. Finally, she simply replied, "In your dreams, Johnny boy."
Not to be completely deterred, he grabbed hold of the strapless bra that was lying on the floor and tossed it to the far side of the room. "Well, for me, can you at least skip that?" he asked. "It will save you a little time getting ready," he added with a grin.
In the afterglow of their lovemaking, Megan could only smile back and slowly nod her head. "Just for you," she said with a quick kiss, as she retreated to the bathroom to redo her make-up and hair and put back on her outfit.
***
A few hours later, Megan, minus her strapless bra, was fully dressed in her Cammy costume, including the cargo pants that covered her butt. The couple drove up to the fundraising venue and dropped their car with the parking attendant. The development team in conjunction with BetterWorld's events planner had chosen the ballroom of a large hotel for the event, so Megan knew exactly what to expect as she stepped inside the building.
Megan turned to the left where she had agreed to meet with Kayla, Eric, and their assistant Sydney before the other guests arrived. Jon was left in the company of Patrick and Marcus, Syd's date for the event, as the four colleagues did a brief status check. Then, the blonde excused herself to head to the ladies room. Alone inside the bathroom, she removed her cargo pants and folded them carefully. Opening the leather bag she had brought along for the evening, she placed the garment in it and, retrieving the final piece of her costume, she took the holster with fake knife and pistol from the bag and strapped it to her right thigh.
As she did one final check in the mirror to make sure her wig was in place, Megan allowed her eyes to scan up and down her body. Although she had spent untold hours over the last few weeks thinking about how she was going to dress for this party, she was still taken aback by her appearance. Now, in the bright light of the women's room and without a bra on, she could discern the faint outline of her areola and nipples through the tightly stretched fabric of the bodysuit. But, as she looked lower at the vast expanse of her skin visible below her hips, she doubted that anybody would really be staring at her boobs. Taking a deep breath, and now confident in the knowledge of just how much this all meant to her husband, she felt ready to go.
Emerging from the ladies room, she looked around at all the guests. The lobby had started to fill with people dressed in all sorts of costumes, ranging from eighteenth century lords and ladies to space aliens and super heroes. Some were already drifting into the ballroom, where a large bar had been set up just inside the entrance so guests could enjoy a few drinks before the dinner was served. But other than a few low-cut outfits worn by some of the women, the only one close to wearing anything as daring as her Megan was her colleague Kayla.
Had the blonde not come dressed as Cammy Street Fighter, there was no doubt that Kayla's Jessica Rabbit would have stolen the show. Wearing the long red wig and high heels that added three inches to her five foot ten inch slender frame, she literally stood out in the crowd. To add to that, her black form-fitting gown was cut so low in the back that it needed a small strap snapped together just below her waist to make sure the sides of the dress stayed clinging to her sides. The wide expanse of skin revealed stopped just short of the top of her butt, and every step that Kayla took seemed to tease the possibility that the top of her ass crack would come into view.
Megan paused to survey the room, remarking on the number of people who were staring at her colleague or at least trying to steal a glance in her direction. Lost in thought, she suddenly heard a familiar voice behind her that almost made her jump out of her skin.
"Good evening, Megan," a deep baritone intoned, which she immediately recognized as the CEO of the organization. "Is that really you?" he continued in a neutral tone.
"Oh, hello Scott," she said spinning quickly around, realizing that her boss had just been able to see her almost completely exposed ass. But facing him didn't really alter the situation very much, as the view from the front was also pretty revealing. Megan started to stammer. "Uh, yes, and I've just been...um...looking around for Jon."
Perhaps it was his years of experience in keeping conversations going at these sorts of events, but her boss immediately put her as ease by saying, "I barely recognized you with those pigtails." He smiled good-naturedly and continued, "And I've just been congratulating Kayla and Eric on tonight's event. I'm so pleased that all of you have embraced the idea of a costume party."
Megan nodded, but before she could come up with a suitable reply, Scott noticed his wife signaling him, so he ambled off to join her and a group of people. At almost the same moment, Jon seemed to appear out of nowhere, sidling next to her and giving her a quick kiss on the cheek.
"There is no doubt that you are going to be the star of the evening," he said with obvious pleasure.
"You're terrible, Jon," she said with a grin. "But I do feel like I just survived my first test. I managed to hold a conversation with my boss with my entire rear end hanging out!"
Her husband could barely contain his smile as he let his eyes roam up and down her body. "And if you're not careful, something else may slip into view."
"Oh, and wouldn't you like that," she said teasingly.
"Of course I would," he replied, looking very pleased with himself.
"You know sometimes I can't tell whether you're serious or not," Megan answered.
He took her hand and squeezed it tight. "You know, I couldn't be more proud of you tonight."
"I know that," Megan said with a warm smile, as she looked around the room. "So, I think I'm ready now to meet the donors." And with that, the two of them stepped through the doorway and into the ballroom where dozens of people were already mingling, grabbing drinks and nibbling on hors d'ouevres.
Kayla and Patrick followed closely behind then, and the two couples paused just inside the big room. The women began to share a few quick observations about the guests and who should approach each one. Meanwhile, the husbands had a chance to check out the costume the other man's wife was wearing. Despite having already seen Megan in her Cammy outfit, Patrick did try to sneak in as many glances at her chest as he could, apparently in an attempt to determine whether or not she had anything on under the bodysuit. For his part, Jon seemed to take a considerable amount of time admiring Kayla's Jessica Rabbit, and in particular the display of cleavage enhanced by the underwire bra she was wearing.
"Okay, you two," Kayla called out, "show's over. Meg and I have some work to do." With that, the two women headed over to join Eric. Dressed in a toga that was considerably shorter than either one of them had expected, he was already chatting with a group of six older women. Motioning him to the side, the three quickly confirmed their initial targets for the evening. Then, Eric rejoined his female admirers while Megan went off in one direction and Kayla in another, prepared to use their costumes to full advantage for tonight's fundraiser.
Over the next forty-five minutes, each woman diligently worked the room, tracking down prospective donors and making the pitch for their support. After her first two encounters, Megan began to wonder if it was in fact a mistake to be wearing such a revealing costume. One couple made only a few perfunctory remarks as she attempted to engage them in conversation before quickly excusing themselves to get a drink. Another possible donor, someone she had met on multiple occasions, appeared not to recognize her in the outfit and didn't respond as she attempted to say hello.
Finally she cornered an older gentleman and introduced herself, only to discover that in this case, her costume posed a different type of problem. She could tell he was valiantly trying to focus on what she was saying as they talked, but his eyes kept drifting downward. And whenever she began to steer the conversation toward the work BetterWorld was doing, he would launch into some random anecdote about his younger days. Finally, desperate to find a way to politely wrap things up, she decided to try a different approach.
"Excuse me," Megan blurted out, "but I think my holster is starting to slip a bit." With that she, bent over and handed him the plastic pistol from the harness, undid the Velcro and then retightened it. Looking up, she could see he had suddenly become silent, staring intensely at the milky white expanse of her inner thigh.
"Um, could I have my gun back now?" she asked with a smile, and the prospective donor awkwardly handed it to her.
Deciding this was the moment to strike, Megan made the "official" ask, suggesting a possible donation that in fact she had carefully calculated during the last two weeks of preparation.
Somewhat embarrassed by having been caught obviously enjoying the sight of her legs, the now red-faced gentleman graciously conceded defeat and agreed.
"We have the pledge cards right over here," she said, taking him by the arm and leading him to a table where Sydney was stationed for the evening. Fortunately the assistant's red latex devil's costume proved to also be of considerable interest to the donor, so it was an easy hand-off, and she left the man filling out the paperwork confirming his gift.
As Megan was crossing the room in search of another one of her targets, Jon caught up with her, cocktail in hand. "Tightening that strap around your thigh was a nice trick," her husband said as he gave her the drink.
"Oh, you noticed," Megan replied, pleased that her husband was keeping his eye on her.
"Looked like you were having trouble bringing the conversation to an end," he remarked.
"Yeah, I hadn't really anticipated that. It seemed like he just wanted to keep talking to me all night."
"Who can blame him?" Jon said with pride. "And I suppose it's not good form to have me tag along for any of these chats, is it?"
Megan shook her head no.
"Still, if I can make a suggestion," he said with a grin, "you could try this approach," and he whispered something in his wife's ear.
"That sounds so ridiculous. It can't believe it will work," she said with a giggle.
"Hey, I'm in advertising, remember? Just give it a try." And with that they parted ways as Megan approached her next prospective donor.
A few minutes into that conversation, it was clear the same routine was playing out -- the guy seemed perfectly content to stand there as long as possible in the presence of a beautiful woman dressed in a very revealing outfit. "Well," Megan thought, "what do I have to lose?" as she decided to use the line Jon had suggested.
"Now, I'm sure you're eager to mingle with the other guests, so why don't you and I make a deal. We'd like you to donate," and here she mentioned the amount that the team had identified as the desired target for this individual, "and you'd probably like me to just turn around and walk away." She smiled sweetly, "I'm happy to do that. So I'm going to head over to the table where our assistant has the pledge cards. And you can follow behind me whenever you feel like it," trying to give just a little emphasis to the word "behind."
With that, Megan turned around, took a couple of steps, then stopped and looked back over her shoulder. "I promise not to walk too fast so you won't get lost," she said in an innocent voice.
Encouraged by the sight of the green bodysuit that seemed to completely disappear into Megan's butt crack, not to mention the view of her ass cheeks swaying back and forth as she walked, the potential donor decided it was time to head over to the table and sign a pledge card. Keeping several steps apart, the two of them made their way to the other side of the ballroom, the man taking great pains not to quite catch up with her at any point.
Emboldened by the success of that tactic, the blonde repeated the line with six other targets over the course of the next half hour. It proved to be so successful that she eventually decided to increase the size of the suggested donation. And her trick failed only once when she was making a plea to an older couple. Megan already had the sense that the wife was not pleased with her husband's obvious attention to her, and when the blonde made her pivot to walk, the wife said she should just keep right on walking as they weren't prepared to give anything that night.
He had seemed to be a sweet guy, so Megan didn't mind giving him a bit of a show even if they weren't getting any money out of him But, as it turned out, all was not lost. Sydney later reported that the gentleman had dropped by the table on his own just before dinner, spent several minutes asking her about the costume she was wearing, and ended up making a donation that was double the amount Megan had suggested.
Finally, it was time to eat, and everyone took their assigned seats. Megan knew that an equally challenging part of the night was still ahead when she, Kayla and Eric would be giving their presentation from the raised dais in front of the entire audience. She had gotten comfortable strolling around the room with almost nothing covering her from the waist down, but now suddenly she felt nervous and self-conscious at the thought of being on stage. At that point, the attention of the entire group would be focused just on her.
Still, she was glad to get a break from the pressure of keeping up conversations and to also know that her butt was -- at least for the moment -- no longer on display. However, she soon discovered that the men across from her were continually glancing over at her. Suddenly it occurred to her that even though not brightly lit, the dining area was still bright enough to allow the people at her table to rather easily make out the outline of her nipples poking against the tight spandex of her costume. But she was beyond behind concerned about their fascination with her breasts and was simply relived to have the chance to sit down after standing for so long.
The food was decent, and the group at Megan's table had been to many of these types of events in the past so they knew how to keep the conversation moving along. However, as glad as she was to get a break from standing in heels, the blonde soon began to realize that she was experiencing a different kind of discomfort. The upholstered chairs chafed against her exposed skin and as time went on, the back tail of her c-string became more deeply wedged between her cheeks. Seated at a table with Jon and several of the trustees of the organization, Megan tried to stay focused on the conversation. But no matter how she shifted positions in her chair, she just couldn't find a way to sit comfortably.
Finally, after finishing the main course, she excused herself and slipped off to the ladies room. Finding an empty stall and locking the door behind her, Megan immediately undid the snaps between her legs and removed the c-string that she had carefully positioned when dressing at home.
"Oh my god," she thought to herself, "that feels so much better," now understanding why Kayla had said she had given up wearing one. It might have been the three glasses of wine she had already consumed, but as she fingered the material on the two loose ends of her costume, she suddenly decided that would be sufficient coverage for her. Fumbling slightly with the snaps, she refastened the bodysuit and emerged from the stall, holding the c-string in her hand.
"Now what do I do?" she puzzled out loud to the completely empty ladies room. In her haste to get to the restroom, Megan hadn't thought to grab the bag that held her personal items and cargo pants. Since she wasn't about the walk through the lobby carrying the intimate undergarment, she concluded that the best course of action was to simply get rid of it. "After all," she reasoned, "there's no way I'm ever going to wear something like that again."
With that, she wrapped some paper towels around the c-string and dropped it in the trash. Then, facing the mirror, she adjusted the bodysuit, making sure the green fabric completely covered her crotch and that it was smoothed out across her lower abdomen. Looking more closely, she grew concerned that perhaps the faint contours of her labia could be seen through the tightly stretched material. But she decided it was too late to worry about that now.
Coffee was just being poured when Megan returned to the table. As soon as she sat down, she could feel the tug of the material in her crotch, followed by a sensation of one of the snaps coming loose. She Immediately covered her lap with her napkin and then spent the next few minutes trying to discretely get the snap to stay closed. But each time she made an attempt, one of the people at the table would say something to her, forcing her to look up and abandon the effort.
Just as the servers came around to offer dessert, Scott mounted the podium and signaled for his development team to join him. Pushing her napkin to the side and glancing down, Megan confirmed that she been unsuccessful and in fact only two snaps now held the bodysuit together. Feeling in need of a little Dutch courage, Megan gulped down the wine remaining in her glass. Then, just as she started to stand up, she glanced down. "Oh shit," she thought to herself as she noticed the narrow green fabric had started to wedge itself into the contours of her groin, clinging to shape of her prominent nether lips. "Camel toe!" she exclaimed to herself.
Seeing Scott beckoning them, Megan had time only to make a few quick tugs on the fabric in an attempt to prevent it from clinging any more tightly to her pussy. But with her colleagues beginning to make their way to the front of the room, the only way to avoid calling more attention to herself was to stand up and join them. Fortunately, Eric had been seated at the table in front of her, so she quickly caught up and followed close behind him.
As they mounted the steps on the left side of the platform, Megan was able to keep out of the direct view of most of the audience. And as the three of them joined the CEO behind the podium, the blonde made sure that both Eric and Kayla stood directly in front of her. After briefly introducing the team, Scott handed a wireless mike to Kayla, who moved toward center stage to deliver an overview of the goals of the organization.
As her friend talked, Megan was able to take a few steps closer to the podium, buying some time to try to get the loose snap closed while keeping the bottom half of her body hidden from the audience. Meanwhile, Kayla in her form-fitting Jessica Rabbit costume was commanding the attention of almost everyone present, so no one noticed that the blonde was staring down at the front of her bodysuit rather than looking at her colleague.
Much like Megan, Kayla had grown more comfortable in her costume as the night went on. Now, speaking from the stage, she decided to move back and forth, facing first toward one side of the room, then the other. As result almost everyone in attendance had been able to get a view of the back of her dress with the top of her butt almost visible. And as she concluded her overview of the goals of the organization, she made sure to come to the front of the stage and take a quick bow so the audience could get a peek at her neckline, cut low enough to display the inner curves of her breasts.
The brunette then handed the microphone to Eric. His segment outlined new programs the organization was sponsoring to deal with environmental issues and global health initiatives. This was essentially the cheerleading part of their presentation, and with his short white toga and muscular legs, he seemed perfect for the part. In particular, he appeared to encourage a number of the older female donors who were staring at him and cheering as he gestured in their direction and called out, "You can make this happen tonight."
While her colleagues delivered their presentations, Megan had continued to fiddle with her costume, trying to smooth out the fabric between her legs. This involved slipping her fingers under the front of the costume and pulling on it as she tried to get rid of the camel toe. At one point she even undid the two snaps and reached under the ends of the fabric in an attempt to refasten all three. In doing this, she had to pass her fingers across her mound and down her slit, now fully uncovered after having removed the c-string. Each attempt to pull the fabric down and push the snaps back together meant another pass between her labia, occasionally even brushing against her clit.
With a shock, she realized this was happening in front of a crowd of well over a hundred people, some of whom she saw every day in the office. Although her lower body was still completely blocked for the audience's view by the podium, she knew in just a few seconds she had to get the snaps back in place before stepping into the spotlight. As she fumbled trying to get all of them closed, it seemed like her worst nightmare was coming true. She could now get only snap closed, and she had no choice but to remove her fingers from beneath the green bodysuit and focus her attention on the remarks she was about to give.
Her original plan had been to take the microphone from Eric and then face the crowd throughout her presentation. It would be a perfectly natural pose to assume, and it would prevent her butt cheeks from being exposed from the stage. But now she was aware that with each step she took, the material tugged at her crotch and was possibly working its way deeper into her slit. At any moment, there was a very real possibility that the snap would pop open and reveal her pussy.
So, as Eric concluded his segment, she decided to keep her right side facing the audience as she stepped out from behind the podium to accept the microphone, then continued walking across to the far side of the stage before pivoting 180 degrees and starting to speak.
Her task was to reassure the audience that the finances of the organization were sound and that almost 90% of the money raised would go directly to the projects that Eric and Kayla had described. She ran through an impressive list of numbers and comparison charts that were projected as slides on a screen behind her, detailing how little of their budget went to overhead costs compared to other nonprofits. But, as Jon watched from the back of the room, he was certain that the majority of the crowd was not listening to her at all. Instead, they were soaking in the sight of her uncovered legs and thighs, exposed to well above her hip.
Still worried about the way her costume was pressing against her nether lips, Megan decided to use the slides as a reason to move toward the screen at the back of the stage and point out one or two particular numbers. Gesturing toward the slides, she pivoted almost without thinking, her backside now turned completely toward the audience. And, at the same time that her ass cheeks could be seen by the entire audience, she could also feel the fabric between those cheeks stretching even tighter. With each upward gesture of her hand, the material pressed deeper against her until suddenly, she felt the last snap give way.
With the two ends of the bodysuit no longer secured between her thighs, both pieces of the latex fabric sprang loose. In the front, the one piece dangled just above the top of her neatly trimmed landing strip. And although that side of Megan was turned away from them, the audience were treated to the sight of the other end of the green material sliding out from between her butt cheeks. And to make it even more embarrassing, she had to point first to a number in the left column and then on the right, which caused the green fabric to swing back and forth across her fully exposed ass.
There was an audible gasp from members of the audience, followed by a loud whisper from Kayla standing just a few feet away from Megan. "Your costume," she practically shouted, and immediately Megan understood the full magnitude of her predicament. She was almost to the end of her remarks, which meant she would have to hand the microphone back to Scott and rejoin her colleagues on the side of the stage. But the only way to do that was to turn to face the audience, fully exposing her wardrobe malfunction to everyone there.
Jon, watching this from the table, felt he was witnessing a fantasy come true. As he glanced around, he could see a number of people trying to nonchalantly pick up their cell phones and, without necessarily raising them to their faces, turn them in the direction of the stage and snap a picture. He heard Megan conclude her comments, thanking them for their attention. And then he watched as she slowly pivoted while simultaneously lowering the cordless mike and holding it directly in front of her pussy.
That maneuver at least saved her the embarrassment of having her most intimate area fully revealed to the crowd. But the unfastened end of the bodysuit was clearly visible, swaying from side to side, while the microphone itself was unable to completely cover up all of her neatly trimmed curls. Deciding that exposing herself to one person, even if it were her boss, was less embarrassing than flashing the entire room, Megan calmly strode over to Scott.
Turning to face him, she bravely lifted her hands to give the CEO the microphone, basically naked from the waist down. Scott, for his part, did his best to keep looking at her face, and then helped to move things along by asking for a round of applause for all the presenters. Megan immediately turned her back to audience and joined her colleagues, who stepped slightly apart to allow her to pass between them before closing ranks to shield her. Standing now behind Kayla and Eric, she once again turned forward with only her shoulders, face, and red beret, visible to the audience.
Megan, who had unconsciously been holding her breath for the last thirty seconds, could finally exhale, placing her hands on Kayla and Eric's shoulders as she felt her knees growing weak from the stress of the last few minutes.
"Did that really all just happen?" she whispered hoarsely, her throat so dry she could barely speak.
"Just listen to the crowd," her friend replied as the audience rose in a standing ovation. "I'd say that will go down in history as one of the most effective appeals for donations ever."
Eric turned slightly so Megan could hear him over the loud cheers. "You might have at least told us what you were planning," he said with a grin.
"That was a complete accident," Megan protested.
"Well, if so, it was the most calmly handled wardrobe malfunction I've ever seen," Kayla answered her friend. Then, whispering into her friend's ear, "The last I knew you were wearing a C-string. Pausing for just a second, she added, "Are you really sure it was an accident?"
"Of course it was," she replied indignantly, now working to refasten at least one snap so she could leave stage while preserving some degree of modesty. Then, as people began leaving their tables, she could see Jon nearby, his face a mixture of pride and utter delight.
"At least I think it was," she thought to herself. As they exited off the stage, the light in the ballroom began to brighten. "I'm off to the ladies room," Megan called to Kayla and dashed out a side exit. With only a handful of people in the lobby, she grabbed her bag from a side room and rushed into the bathroom. She hurriedly pulled out the cargo pants, grateful for the drawstring at the waist that allowed her to quickly slip into them.
She had already removed the thigh holster but decided to keep on the pigtails and beret. "After all," she said when she met up with Jon, Kayla, and Patrick, "Cammy has had a very successful night of fundraising and I think she deserves to take a bit of a victory lap."
"But with her assets covered?" Jon asked, as all four of them groaned at the pun.
"Yes," Megan said, "I think our street fighter has displayed enough of her hidden talents for one night," as she smiled at her husband.
***
Later on back home, Jon showed her some of the pictures he had taken with his cell phone. In several of them where he had zoomed in on her, Megan's camel toe could be clearly seen. But his shots of her unsnapped bodysuit were partially blocked by people standing in front of him and applauding, so Megan had to take his word that she had been successful at preventing a prolonged view of her most intimate parts.
"You know, " her husband said, "you didn't have to try to cover yourself. You could have just passed the mike off to Scott and let everyone have a peek at your pussy.
"I couldn't just let that happen in front of my colleagues, not if I could stop it," she protested.
"Why, Meg? I don't think anyone would have objected."
"Well, I don't know," she exclaimed. "I mean it was so nerve wracking for me just to be up there in that costume. If I'd shown anything more, I mean..," and she hesitated, unsure of exactly what she did mean.
Her husband smiled. "You might have enjoyed it?," he said teasingly as they both chuckled. "You know, it's something you shouldn't entirely rule out," he continued, with a hopeful tone to his voice. "Maybe some point in the future...."
"Wouldn't you love that," she said, poking him in the side.
"Yes, I would," Jon replied candidly. "I guess I'll just have to keep working on this with you," as he began to slowly kiss her neck, her breasts, and down to her stomach.
"Mmmm," his wife responded, "that feels good. I guess you have my permission to keep trying," she said with a soft moan as she looked down at the top of his head and began to run her fingers through his hair.
"A repeat performance?" he asked with a devilish grin.
Megan simply smiled. "Who knows what I might try next time. I guess it depends on just how persuasive you can be."