Thanks for the nice comments on the previous chapter, it's nice to get some feedback. Sorry about the delay in publishing this second part.
Eva walked naked to the bathroom via her bedroom, proudly swaying her round little ass as she went. She grabbed a towel and started wiping the cum off her face and tits. She looked in the mirror to make sure she had gotten as much of it off as possible. She smiled at her image, mouthing “You slut!” to herself. She threw the towel in the laundry basked and then proceeded to the shower. The warm water felt good against her skin as she entered.
But as the water rinsed off the traces of the naughty activities that had taken place previously during the evening, feelings of guilt and shame started creeping into her mind. There was no doubt this had been the most intense sexual experience of her life, but was it worth the consequences? These were three of her best friends, and no doubt would they see her differently after this. She had deliberately invited them over to fulfill her sexual fantasy. She had stripped in front of them, gone down on her knees and sucked their cocks, one after the other. During what was one of the most mind-blowing orgasms of her life, they had all sprayed their cum on her face. She had then made them take photos of her where she proudly posed with that huge facial. And as if that wasn't depraved enough, she had masturbated in front of them, making herself come again, still wearing the cum on her face and tits.
How could she ever look them in the eyes again after this? Sure, it was easy for her to see that she could be both a smart and independent woman, yet a wanton slut when she wanted to, but could she really expect the guys to allow her that freedom? It had felt so liberating and exciting to expose her desires to her friends, yet she now lacked control over how she were to be perceived and this made her stomach clench. Perhaps they would see her as nothing but a slut from now on. She had even made them call her that, so why wouldn't they? Could they still take her seriously after this, and respect her opinions as an equal like they had before? For a minute she regretted that she had actually involved her friends in this desire rather than just seeking out some strangers. However, she knew that would not have been safe so it was either this or nothing at all. And given how obsessed she had been with it the past week she doubted she ever could have got it out of her head without actually acting out her fantasy. She also had to admit to herself that the fact that it was her close friends she exposed herself to was a large part of what had excited her so much.
She washed her hair twice and then conditioned, deliberately taking her time. She wasn't ready to face her friends again yet. After a very long shower she got out and dried off with a clean towel and put on her white robe. As she proceeded to blow-dry her, she was sure her friends started to wonder why she took such time but she need to clear her head a bit more. What if they told others about what had happened tonight? Doesn't all guys brag about their sexual escapades? And this was sure one out of the ordinary. What would her female friends think if they found out what she had done? Her head was spinning with potential consequences of tonight’s actions.
She thought about applying some makeup, but at this point she didn't really care about looking her best. Instead, she started brushing her hair, more to avoid her friends than to straight out her hair. She looked herself in the mirror again. Once more she mouthed “you slut” to her own image, this time without smiling. This however seemed to trigger something inside here, and she suddenly got angry much like she would have if someone else had called her that, at least prior to tonight.
“Fuck you,” she said out loud to her own image.
She knew she had done nothing wrong and she was not about to feel bad about it. The events of the evening were her decision, and all these negative thoughts could just fuck off. No pressure from society about what a proper woman should act like was going to bring her down! In fact, anyone who had anything to say about her sexual desires could fuck off! She was just about to burst out to her friends and yell at them when she realized that she actually had no reason to be mad at them at all. It was at least so far all in her head, but she knew she needed to talk to them to set things straight.
She calmed down for a minute before opening the bathroom door. She had probably been gone for about 45 minutes and when she entered the living room her friends looked at her somewhat confused from where they were waiting for her in the couch. Immediately she knew why she had felt safe enough with these guys to act out her fantasy with them. Rather than looking at her as the sexual object she desired to be earlier, they were now looking at her with sincere concern in their eyes.
“Are you ok?” John asked.
“Yeah, I think so at least,” Eva replied with a somewhat nervous smile.”But I think we need to talk a bit.”
She sat down on the table in front of her friends, making sure that the robe was covering her properly. She needed their attention on her words and not her body now.
“Hey guys...,” she started. “I just wanna make sure that... well...” Damn it was hard verbalize what she was feeling.
“I think I know what you're after,” Daniel interrupted her. “You want to make sure that this doesn't effect the friendship, right?”.
Eva nodded.
“Yeah, I got a bit carried away when setting things up for tonight. We probably should have had a discussion about this beforehand. I guess I'm really worried this might ruin our friendship.”
“I don't think there is any need for that to happen,” Eric said, giving her a kind smile.
“Yeah, neither do I,” John continued. “I can see why your worried, but what is it specifically you think might happen and what can we do to avoid it?”
“Well,” Eva said. “I guess first off I think it would be real good if what happened here tonight stays between the four of us”.
“Of course,” Daniel said. “We even talked a bit about that while you were away and we all agreed none of us would tell anybody about it. Plus we got our own reputation to worry about, you know.”
Eva hadn't even thought about the fact that this might be a concern for her friends as well. She felt almost selfish that this hadn't occurred to her.
“Yeah, and like I said before,” Eric said as he picked up the camera. ”I'll leave the photos from tonight with you so you can be sure no one is spreading those around. Or if you want, I can erase them straight away.”
Eva was very relieved to hear this, but she knew she would regret it if she didn't look at the pictures. So she shook her head.
“Thanks, but I want to see them first. At least I think I do.”
“What else do you worry about?” asked John.
“I suppose I worry that you guys are going to think less of me now.”
“What do you mean?”
“You know... I've been acting like a total whore all night and I'm worried that that's how you'll see me from now on.” She wasn't far from tears as she spoke.
“Hey, we get it.” Eric said with a calming voice. “This all happened in one context and you're worried that it's gonna affect the context where we are just a bunch of friends hanging out, right? That we will no longer be able to to treat you as a just friend rather than a sex object.”
“Yeah, something like that,” Eva replied looking down at the floor.
“As far as I'm concerned, and I believe I'm speaking for all of us, that really isn't a problem,” John said. “I think we can all make it perfectly clear which context we're in.” The other guys nodded in agreement and Daniel continued.
“Yeah, and if you want us to leave right now and never mention this again, we will of course do so. But I actually think that would be more weird, to pretend this never happened.”
Eva thought about it and realized he was right. It's not like they could forget this happened. Damn, she didn't want to forget about it. It had been outright amazing and if she was honest with herself, she knew she was going to think about tonight every time she masturbated for the next year. And to be fair she had fantasized plenty about her friends previously so in that regard nothing was really that different.
“Yeah, you're right,” Eva said. “What we did tonight is not something you easily forget about. Nor do I want to...” she added and slowly she started feeling relaxed again.
“I suppose I can't deprive you of the memories of what happened tonight either,” she continued with a sly smile. “And I guess it doesn't necessarily change all that much either. To be honest I have fantasized about each of you from time to time anyway, and if that didn't interfere with the friendship, it probably means it still doesn't have to. Perhaps you fantasized about me as well occasionally?” she said, looking at them with queering eyes.
“No, never!” said John in a mock voice, making it perfectly clear that the opposite was true. Everybody laughed and it was clear that the tension was subsiding. The others added on.
“How dare you?”
“What kind of a man do you think I am?”
“But seriously Eva,” Daniel said. “You really need not worry about this. We've respected you as a good friend before and we still will. Unless you make it perfectly clear you wish to be treated as a sexual object, we won't.”
This was a very appealing thought to Eva. She liked the idea that if she decided to, she could make them see her as a sex object. For the first time since she went to shower, she actually felt a flash of excitement.
“Yeah, definitely Eva,” Eric continued. “Should go without saying, but it's probably good to be explicit about it. You've always been a good friend and this changes nothing.”
“And I for one feel real honored that you trusted me enough to include me in this,” John said as the other guys nodded in agreement. “I'm sure it took some guts to write that email to invite us here tonight.”
Eva was getting more and more calm, reassured that it would probably work out just fine. And as she relaxed she again started to view the events of the evening in the positive light it deserved. The naughty things she had done started reappear in her head, and now it made her feel warm inside again.
“Sorry I started to freak out a bit,” she said. “I should know I can trust you guys, I suppose I never would have gone through with this if not. I shouldn't have doubted you.”
She stood up and stretched her hands out.
“Can I get a hug?”
One after the other the guys walked over to her and embraced her. Because they were all at least a head taller than she was, she stood on her toes and stretched her arms around their necks. She felt notably small against her male friends, though not in vulnerable, need-to-be-protected kind of way. It was just an apparent physical contrast, and something inside found this appealing. Each time she squeezed herself tightly to her friend, she felt a slight tingle between her legs. The doubts about her actions were gradually vanishing, being replaced with an increasing feeling of excitement and a hope for more naughty activities.
“Hey, where's the camera?” she asked.
“Here you go,” Eric said and handed it to her.
She started flicking through the pictures, but the small screen made it hard to see.
“Could we get these pictures on the TV screen? I still kind of can't believe I did this tonight, so want to see the proof,” she said and immediately felt her cheeks get red as she realized what she had done. She had implied they should all just sit and watch pictures of her with cum on her face! The idea felt kind of humiliating, but admittedly also very hot.
“Yeah, sure,” Eric said. “I think I can connect it directly to the TV. Give me a few minutes to set things up.”
“Ok, cool,” Eva said. “While you do that, I think I'm gonna go and get dressed. Daniel, you can fix us all some drinks and John you'll sort out the music.”
“I believe the queen is back!”, laughed Daniel.
“She sure is,” Eva thought to herself as she walked to her bathroom. She again wanted to be the hot queen that her guests desired, so she applied some makeup. Again she could smile at her image in the mirror. She recognized feeling of anticipation, much like she would when she was putting on makeup for a night out with her girlfriends or in preparation for some fun party. And in some way, she thought to herself, this was kind of a party. But a very different one, and the evening would surely end differently to any other party she had been to. She realized that she wasn't actually sure how it would end, but she had a growing urge to cross some more lines. Would she really go as far as letting one of the guys fuck her? Considering what she had done before, it wouldn't make that much of difference, she justified. But she quickly realized that if she let one of the guys fuck her, it could make the others jealous and that could truly mess with the dynamics of the group. So obviously if one of them could fuck her, she should let them all fuck her... That thought really made her juices flow and she repeated the thought in her head: “I should let them all fuck me.” But she was getting ahead of herself. She finished off the makeup with some red lipstick and looked at herself in the mirror again. With a devilish grin, she mouthed a “slut!” to her own image and blew herself a kiss.
She went to her bedroom and let her robe fall to the floor. The thought of just walking out all naked crossed her mind, but she decided it was better to take things in steps. Besides, she figured that it is often more sexy to be suggestive than expose everything at once. Sure, they had all seen her naked an hour ago but she kind of felt the night was being rebooted now. She started fiddling through the clothes in her closet for something appropriate to wear and eventually picked out a sexy little black dress. She examined herself in the mirror after putting it on. It was quite short, exposing most of her thighs, and tight enough to hug her petite, yet feminine body. The straps were thin and she was pleased with how her shoulders were exposed. She had often thought to herself that this was very sexy part of the female body. The cut was also low enough to expose the top of her small tits.
She picked out a pair of black string panties, partly because they didn't create any visible lines through the tight dress but more so because she knew they would look sexy once she took the dress off. The thought that she would inevitably end up naked in front of her friends again made her body tingle with excitement. It had been such a kick to reveal herself to them. But for now, the focus was to look sexy in a classy way, and she put on some pearl earrings and a matching necklace as a finishing touch. “Showtime!” she thought to herself and proceeded to the living room.
There she found John and Daniel sitting on the couch and Eric was sitting on a chair next to them. She suspected that because she had been gone for so long, they had started to worry that she again regretted things. But when she entered the room, they could tell from both the way she was dressed and from the grin on her face that she was just fine. John stood up and handed her a drink.
“Wow, you look stunning!”
“Well thank you,” she replied. The stereo was playing some 60's soul and she couldn't resit a little spinning dance move to give them a chance to look her over.
“You are one hot gal Eva,” said Daniel and the other guys nodded in agreement.
She walked over to the couch and sat down between John and Daniel and started sipping her drink.
“If you still want to look at the photos, I've got it all set up,” said Eric.
Eva had just about forgotten about the photo viewing and the thought of watching them all together made her cheeks blush again. The photos were taken earlier that evening, so it shouldn't be worse to watch herself in them than to actually be in them. But while the mood was a bit flirtatious, the situation was much like a normal evening and they were just a group of friends hanging out. Well, except that they were about watch photos of her where she was posing with her friends cum on her face. She took a big sip of her drink.
“Yeah, of course. Let's do this.”
Eric had connected the camera to the TV and as he turned it on, there she was. She made an audible gasp at the image. On the screen was a photo of her, completely naked except for a pair of high heels, and she was pouring wine into a glass. But the most striking thing was that her face was plastered with white cum. She could hardly believe it was her in the picture.
Eric changed the picture, and in the next one she was looking straight into the camera with the biggest grin ever. She looked like the happiest woman in the world, with strains of cum dangling from he chin. It was sort of an out of body experience to sit there in her classy (but very sexy) outfit and watch herself on the screen in the state she was in.
“Wow, what a little slut!”, she said out loud.
The guys all laughed at her comment, which clearly was just her thinking out loud. It seemed to relieve some tension in the room and John looked at her with one eyebrow raised and said:
“Well, she is when she wants to be.”
“And then she's really, really good at it”, Daniel added.
“I'm sure she'd be pleased to hear that,” she said with a giggle and actually blushed slightly at the flirtatious comments her friends were giving her.
It was a slightly surreal feeling to sit there and talk about her own image in third person, but it also made her feel excited. She got to be part of the spectators, while she was also the object they were all looking at. That way she got to feel like one of the gang, but a slutty sex object at the same time.
Sometimes she noticed that the guys kept looking back and forth between the images on the screen and her face. She suspected they were comparing the classy woman next to them with the cum covered girl in the pictures and she recognized the naughty feeling of having her face treated as a sexual object of desire. She could feel the excitement building up in her body.
Eric flipped through a few more pictures of her looking into the camera, smiling from ear to ear and plastered with cum.
“She sure seem to be enjoying herself,” Eric said, looking slyly at Eva.
“I believe she does. She's obviously the kind of girl who likes to invite her friends over on a Saturday night just to cum on her face,” Eva replied, looking straight into Eric's eyes with a smirk on her face. There was a sense of satisfaction in her voice, signifying that she was comfortable and even proud of what she had done.
In the next picture, she could see both John and Daniel in it. She was standing there, still naked with a big facial, pouring wine in Daniel' s glass while John was fondling her. Seeing herself like that, completely naked while her friends were all dressed, excited her tremendously. Absentmindedly, she started to gently stroke her left nipple with her fingers. Her friends all noticed and when she caught them looking, she stopped and gave them an innocent “oops” face. This openly sexual behavior made them start to watch her in person rather than merely on the screen. It changed her status as part of the spectators and when the next image appeared on the screen, Eric said:
“You look real hot here, Eva.”
She was no longer being referred to in third person and she now had to answer wholeheartedly for the actions of the girl on the screen. It was a close up of her face, and you could really see the details of the cum that covered her face. Strains were hanging from her chin, and her face was glowing with excitement.
“Thanks, I felt real hot too.”
“You really got into the posing there,” said Daniel as Eric was flipping through images of her pulling various faces, all while clearly showing off the cum on her face.
“I think this is my favorite, Eva,” John said as an image appeared that showed her standing proud, with her hands on her hips and a look on her face that said she was ready to take on the world.
“Yeah, I do look pretty wild there,” Eva agreed. “The proudest slut ever!”
Eva sipped her drink as the guys all chuckled a bit, but she could tell they also got a bit excited by her words. She decided to step up the vocabulary a bit.
“And I am really proud I did this. I think it takes some guts to invite your friends over just to come on your face, right?”
It almost sounded strange coming from the mouth the classy woman in the couch, but the guys all agreed with her of course.
“The more I think about it, I don't think it will ruin our friendship at all,” she continued. “If anything, it will make it stronger, because now you know another side of me. I am apparently a slut sometimes!”
She giggled and pointed to the screen with her cum covered image.
“Do you think you can handle this side of me?”
“We sure can!” the guys all reassured her, obviously eager to hear where she was taking this.
“That's good, because I kind of just discovered this side myself, and now I don't want to hide it.”
The music was playing a soft song and Eva got up from the couch and stood in front of her friends.
“I love this song, does anybody want to dance with me?”
None of the guys made a move, a bit unsure of what to do. She knew neither of them were much of a dancer, but Eva had a plan to get them interested. She started swaying her body slowly with the music, and seductively ran her hands up her chest. When her fingers reached the straps of her dress, she slowly pulled them down. Three pair of eyes were transfixed on her chest as her perky little tits were revealed once more. Eva loved their attention, and gave them a warm, almost loving smile. The guys all smiled back at her and there was a silent understanding that it was definitely OK to treat her as a sex object now. She could see they lusted for her now and that she could probably make them do most anything she wanted. Again, the thought appeared in her head: “I should let them all fuck me!” This thought made her gasp with excitement as she continued to peel her dress down her petite body until it fell to the floor.
Besides her jewelery, she was now standing there in just her string panties and high heels and she spun around to give them a peak at her cute little ass as well. She bent forward slightly and pushed her ass out, looking over her shoulder to watch her friends watching her. She turned back to her audience and hooked her thumbs in her panties and raised her eyebrows in a questioning expression, as if to ask “should I take these off too?”. The guys all stared wide-eye at her panties and nodded. Eva felt a mixture of shear excitement and a hint of embarrassment as she slowly pulled down her panties to show her friends her golden pussy again. As her panties fell to the floor, she closed her eyes and just stood there with her hands on her hips. It was such an erotic act to bare herself to her friends and she wanted to savor the moment. Being the only one naked sure was humbling, but she also felt proud. It sure took guts to reveal herself like this, and it wasn't just her body she was revealing, she was also showing them her desire to to be naked in front of them, her will to be their sexual object. And it was empowering to feel them lust after her, to know she could have anyone of them if she so needed. “Or all of them...” she thought to herself. “I can make them all fuck me.”
When she open her eyes, she could see the desire in her friends eyes. She kicked of her shoes, walked with swaying hips over to the couch and reached out her hands to John, who was sitting closest, as an invite.
“I still want to dance,” she said. Winking at Daniel and Eric she continued. “You're next you know, don't think you're off the hook.”
John stood up and wrapped his hands around her waist and she reached up around his neck. Without her shoes, she was much smaller than him and much like when they had been hugging before, she loved the contrast between them. The contrast was of course even more apparent now that she was naked, and it was obviously as an erotic experience for John as well, and she felt his erection rub against her as they were dancing. He let his hands wander over her back and occasionally downwards to caress her ass. She actually experienced it as an intimate moment, letting her slutty side connect one-on-one with her friend and she whispered in his ear:
“Thank you for coming here tonight, and for cuming on my face.”
She then looked into his eyes and reached up and kissed him. But after making out for awhile, she broke off, thinking it was time to move on to the next admirer. She sent John back to the couch and tipped her head in Daniel's direction.
“May I have this dance?” she said.
Daniel was quick on his feet and soon they were dancing slowly in the middle of the room. She imagined what she must look like, a petite girl dancing naked with a completely dressed man. It was an amazing experience, and soon she felt Daniel's hands reach down and massage her her ass, making his already hard cock press even harder against her. She smiled at him, and again felt that they were sharing an intimate bonding moment. Looking into his eyes she whispered:
“Your hands feel great on my ass. I love it, almost as much as I loved your cum on my face.”
She then kissed him deeply and then sent him back to the couch. Eric was more than ready to have his turn and was on his feet before Eva had said anything. She giggled slightly at his eagerness and Eric laughed a bit as well and said:
“What can I say, you look so hot Eva.”
“Thank you”, she said and kissed him lightly on the lips as she reached around his neck and started to dance slowly. While looking into his eyes, she swayed back and forth, rubbing her body against his erection. She loved knowing that he was hard because of her. She locked her eyes on his to make sure she had his full attention.
“Thank you so much for taking those pictures of me. You made me look like a real hot slut,” she said softly and then kissed him as he started to fondle her ass.
Making sure not to favorize any of the guys, she soon stopped the dance and sent Eric back to the couch. The guys were lined up watching her and wondering what she would do next. Eva wasn't sure herself, but knew her excitement would only allow her to move ahead and do more naughty things. She would let her eroticism lead the way. A flashback of the things she had already done during the evening gave her an idea. She had really enjoyed when she let the guys tell her how to pose. It had been such a liberating feeling to be told what to do and she now wanted to have more of that.
“Hey guys, I'm so grateful you're all here, and that you're accepting this new side of me. You're really good friends, and it just feels amazing.” She made a little pause and then continued. “You know, to be this slutty with you.”
She was squirming slightly as she was speaking, still a bit embarrassed to stand there naked in front of them. A small part of her wanted to cover up, but the part that wanted to expose herself even more was far stronger by now. She was actually panting slightly with the excitement when she continued to address her audience.
“So as a reward, I'm giving you me!”
She raised her hands in the air as if to say “It's all yours.” The guys seemed to not know what to do so she proceeded to lay down the line.
“You can command me what to do. I feel so safe with you all now, I know you'll treat me good. Well, not too good I hope!” she said with a giggle.
She straightened her back, assuming almost a military pose of a soldier waiting for her command. After a few seconds of silence, Daniel said:
“Ok, I think you have very a beautiful pussy Eva. Why don't you spread your legs and give us all a good look.”
“Of course,” she replied and felt the excitement run through her body at the thought of exposing herself even more.
With her hands on her hips, she sat down on the couch table in front of her audience. She then slowly spread her legs in front of them to provide them with a good view of her pussy. With a pleased expression on her face, she watched her friends as they focused their full attention on her sex. It was an amazing feeling to have them lust for her this way, and she placed her hands on the table behind and leaned back to give them a better view. She knew she was very wet now and it would be clearly visible to her friends as well.
“I love your perky little tits,” Eric said. “Why don't you give them some attention?”
Eva sat up straight, still with her legs proudly wide apart to show her pussy. She let both her hands travel from her legs up her body to her tits and then started to slowly run her fingers over her small mounds. She also liked her tits and often gave them allot of care when she masturbated. And as she often did then, she started to pinch her nipples lightly and a soft gasp escape her mouth.
“I think you really enjoy touching yourself for us,” John said and winked at Eva. “How about touching your pussy too.”
Eva was quick to obey and let one hand trace down her stomach and started to gently caress the outer lips of her pussy. She proceeded to let her middle finger run along her slit, parting her lips. She was dripping wet, and her middle finger easily slipped inside her. She closed her eyes and continued to touch herself like she would if she had been alone, alternating between rubbing her clit and gently fucking herself with her middle finger. But she was not alone, and the though that she was showing her friends how she fingers herself excited her. Her other hand continued to pinch her nipples, a little harder now. She could have easily made herself come straight away, but her friends had other things on their minds.
“Have you ever tasted yourself?” asked Daniel and Eva opened her eyes.
“No,” she replied truthfully. The thought had actually never occurred to her. “Do you want me to?”
Her three friends nodded and without hesitation she brought the hand from her pussy to her mouth and sucked on her middle finger. It tasted both sweet and salt, but there was also a sensation that could only be described as “sex”. She definitely liked it, both the somewhat depraved act of sucking on her own juices in front of her friends, but she also found the taste itself exhilarating. Somewhat absentmindedly she continued to suck on her finger as she lowered her other hand to her pussy and inserted two fingers. She had a genuine desire to taste herself more and she switched to the hand that was now glistening with her wetness. She sucked hard on her fingers, slightly messing up the rich, red lipstick she was wearing. What a sight she must be, she thought to herself.
“Does anybody else want to taste?” she said.
It was just fair she thought. She had tasted their cum earlier so she should let them all taste her too and she lowered her hands to her pussy to get them both covered in her wetness. She held out one hand to Daniel on her left side and the other one to Eric on her right and they both started sucking on her fingers. Since she didn't have a hand for John, he must have figured he would get it straight from the source and knelt down and started licking her pussy. It was a divine feeling, sitting there naked with two guys licking her fingers as a third was licking her pussy. The attention made her moan loudly and she felt like a goddess, with all of them desiring the wetness of her slutty pussy. This was another proof that these were the right guys to give herself to. She had granted them the power to freely treat her like a slut, but they also made sure she still felt like a queen at the same time. It was actually adorable in its own dirty way. It also felt very intimate to share the experience of her taste with these close friends.
As the taste on her fingers subsided, the guys stopped sucking them and John gave her pussy a soft kiss before standing up. Eva watched them with hungry eyes, eager to know what they wanted her to do next. She urged them on.
“What will you have your slut do next?” she said with a big smile.
For a moment they seemed unsure, but Daniel soon had an idea.
“Hey, I want to see your slutty little ass. Why don't you stand on all four on the table here?”
Hearing him describing her ass this way made Eva squirm with excitement. She obeyed straight away and got on her hands and knees with her ass facing the couch. The guys just sat there and watched her quietly as she exposed herself. She arched her back to give her spectators a better view, knowing perfectly well that this would provide them with a perfect view of her pussy and asshole. She wanted them to see every part of her, to be fully exposed to their lusting eyes. She was so turned on now, her body involuntarily started moving back and forth. She needed to be fucked soon.
She turned around to face her audience again, spreading her legs to happily expose her pussy while she was waiting for her next command. Her eyes dropped to look at the bulging pants and she smiled wickedly, knowing that they were hard from looking at her. From her gaze, it was obvious she was hungry for cock and John stood up in front of her and freed his erection in front of her face. He didn't have to tell her, she just slipped it in her mouth and started sucking.
The other guys stood up and soon she had two more hard cocks pointing at her. When she felt John tensing up, she switched to Eric who was next in line and started sucking him. He let out a gasp as his cock entered her hungry mouth. Her mouth was making sloppy sounds as she bobbed her head up and down his shaft. The sound excited her because she knew this was the sound of her sucking her friends cock again. Images of her friends' cocks spraying her with cum went through her head and she started moaning and sucking even harder. But she didn't want him to cum on her yet so she stopped before she sent him over the edge.
She turned to Daniel and smiled wickedly at him with the lipstick smeared around her mouth before she sucked him into her mouth. She knew the others were watching her suck and she let her eyes wander from Daniel to John and then to Eric, all while sucking on Daniel's cock. Both John and Eric was stroking their cocks as they watched their respected friend bob her blond head up and down this cock. It would have been a quick job to make Daniel cum but she wouldn't let him. Instead she leaned back and looked up at her friends. She felt that strains of saliva was dangling from her lips and she knew her lipstick was smeared out. With a coy grin she said:
“I must really look a mess.”
The guys knew by now what she was after. She wanted them to describe her.
“You just look like you really enjoy sucking cock,” said John.
“I suppose that I do,” she replied and started sucking his dick.
“Your wet mouth looks so eager,” said Daniel.
“You look like our slut friend Eva,” said Eric.
She loved it when they called her this, because that was what she was now, and what she wanted to be. She was being a slut by her own choice, and was proud of it. Getting increasingly ecstatic, she switched between her friends, using her hands and mouth on their cocks as they proceeded to tell her what she looked like. She kept moaning loudly every time a cock entered her mouth.
“You look like you've fantasized about sucking cock like this for a long time,” John said and Eva nodded her head in response and emphasized her agreement by moaning loudly on the cock she currently had in her mouth.
“Yeah, and I think you obviously like to show off what an adorable slut you can be,” Daniel said.
“Our adorable little slut friend,” Eric filled in.
Eva smiled wickedly at her her friends, looking up at them from her position by their lined up cocks. There was nothing degrading in their voices, they were just feeding her what she wanted to hear. No doubt were they telling the truth though.
“You look like you want cum on your face again,” Eric said, raising his eyebrows to make this both a statement and a question at the same time.
“Yeah, you look like you can't wait to look like that girl on the screen over there,” John continued.
She looked over to the screen and noticed that it was still showing her proudly wearing multiple facials that her friends had sprayed on her. Now that she was being the sexual object again, she could really connect with the woman on the screen and it became clear to her that this wasn't just something she was acting out. She was actually this whore of a woman. This was her as much as she was the smart, independent woman she usually let people know. Embracing this fact was incredibly liberating, and even more so when she was allowed to wholeheartedly be this person with three of her best friends. They had shown that they respected her for it and she was safe to be as slutty as she wanted.
And they where indeed right, she did desire to have them cum on her again. She wanted them to shoot their cum on her face, to feel it hit her skin and let it drip on her tits. But that would have to wait. She wanted to go all the way and give herself to them, it felt like the most natural thing in the world. Like a mantra, the thought reappeared in her head: “I should let them all fuck me.” She let go of their cocks and leaned back on the table. Looking up at them with pleading eyes she said:
“I do want your cum on me again. But now maybe it's time I just lay back here and you can take turns fucking me?”
There was a moment of confusion as the guys obviously started thinking about the logistics. Eva laid back on the table with her legs wide apart for them to show them her dripping wet pussy.
“Don't worry about who fucks me first, you won't be cuming inside me,” she said with naughty grin. “But you have to share me equally.”
The guys all kind of shrugged their shoulders and started ripping off their clothes. Eva was so excited with the anticipation of what was going to happen, she involuntarily started wiggling her body invitingly for them as they were undressing. “They are all going to fuck me!” she thought to herself. It was obvious to her that they couldn't wait to put their hard cocks inside the pussy she'd been showing them repeatedly during the evening.
John knelt down between her legs. The table was low enough to give him the perfect height to position his cock at the entrance to her pussy. As he slowly but firmly pushed inside her, she started moaning loudly. Daniel and Eric moved to either side of her so she could reach their cocks as John started thrusting in and out of her, softly at first but he soon increased the pace. She could hardly believe it was happening. One of her friends was fucking her, while two more was watching and awaiting their turn. She was getting gang-banged by three of her best friends!
“Oh my god!” she screamed. “Your fucking me!”
John fucked her hard for a few minutes, then pulled out. The instructions had been to share her equally and everybody were sure to follow her instructions. He switched places with Daniel, who was more than willing to take over. Eva moaned in frustration the few seconds that her pussy was not filled, but as soon as Daniel entered she instead panted with relief.
“Thank you! Oh, thank you! Fuck me hard!”
Eva was screaming now, feeling nothing but sheer pleasure. Daniel pulled out before he was over the edge and Eric took his place, shoving his hard cock inside her blond little pussy. The thought that they were just taking turns fucking her like this was unbelievably sexy to her.
“Oh yeah, fuck me! Let me be your little slut!”
The only thing that bothered her was that she couldn't reach up and suck the cocks that currently weren't fucking her. Therefore, when Eric pulled out she instead turned around and stood on all four on the table. Being the nice guys that they were, they handed her a cushion for her knees. She smiled slightly at the considerate gesture, but was far too aroused to pay much attention to anything else than being fucked. Like she had done before when she was in this position just to expose herself, she arched her back to invitingly give access to her pussy. John positioned himself behind her and pushed his cock hard inside her. She screamed out with pleasure as she was filled once more. In this position she could also get her mouth on the cocks in front of her. She felt the taste of her own juices and she hungrily licked them clean. Partly because it was the right, slutty thing to do, but she also found her own taste exhilarating. With one cock in her pussy and two in front of her for her mouth, she soon felt an orgasm build up in her body. She screamed out loud as her body started shaking.
“Oh my god, I'm coming! You're all making me cum! I'm such a whore!”
As her orgasm subsided, the guys continued to take turns fucking her. Every time they made a switch, she hungrily licked her juices off the cock that had just been inside her. She did this partly because it felt like the right, slutty thing to do, but at this stage she really found the taste sexy. She also thanked them when they swapped, though it wasn't even clear to herself if it was for the cock that was being showed in her pussy, the one she got to lick and suck her her own wetness off or just because they allowed her to be this whore of a woman. She lost track of time, and she wasn't sure where one orgasm ended and another one started. It was just a haze of sheer lust.
At one point she noticed that Eric had picked up the camera and was taking a photos of her with Daniel fucking her from behind and with John's cock in her mouth. This made her think about what she must look like, and standing there like a proud fuck toy with cocks in both her pussy and mouth she knew that she must be an incredibly slutty sight. She was wearing nothing but her earrings and necklace, and saliva mixed with her own juices was dangling from her chin. Knowing this was captured on camera sent her into another orgasm.
The guys continued passing her around, and she was constantly having her pussy filled with a cock and the other guys either feeling her tits, letting her suck their cocks or snapping photos of the action. They lasted long, but eventually their own excitement made them ache for relief as well. After fucking her hard, Eric spoke:
“Eva, I need to cum on your face.”
“Yes! Spray me!” was her frantic reply. “Cover me!”
As Daniel began fucking her pussy, Eric started shooting stream after stream of hot cum all over her face. Eva started orgasming at the sensation of having her face plastered while someone else was fucking her. The cum mixed with the saliva and strands of it was dangling from her face. Together with her jewelery and blond hair, it was swaying back and forth with each thrust from Daniel. John was currently holding the camera and snapped away to capture her orgasming face as the cum hit her.
Daniel soon had to stop to avoid cumming inside her and John took over. It was clear to Eva that it was time to have these guys shoot their cum on her as well so when John pulled out she slipped to the floor and knelt down. She felt that her body couldn't take another orgasm and all she wanted now was to feel all her friends cum on her face again to complete this night. As both Daniel and John walked to her, stroking their cocks, she closed her eyes and smiled. This accentuated her round cheeks, and her already cum splattered face looked ever so inviting. She leaned forward slightly to purposely make her face a tempting target.
She soon felt cum hit her cheeks from both sides as John and Daniel simultaneously started spraying her face. She wasn't ecstatic like she had been before, instead she just sat there with a content smile and took in the sensation of what was happening. She herd her their excited breaths, mixed with the what was obviously Eric snapping pictures of the action. This made her smile even wider. It was hard to count the number of shots that hit her because they were coming from both sides, but the splashes were surprisingly powerful. They might have cum before that evening, but hours of teasing and prolonged fucking had made all of them build up heavily. She felt the warmth of her friends cum, and she opened her mouth to experience the salty taste. She could hardly believe how satisfying it was to have something so personal as her own face be the target of their desire.
As the flow eventually subsided, she carefully opened her eyes to avoid getting it in her eyes. With a huge grin she just sat there and looked at her friends. Her face was completely covered with cum, with strands of it dangling from her cheeks. Several spurts had gotten in her hair, which was also totally messy after the longest and most intense fucking of her life. She knew she looked like a slutty mess, but she also knew this was totally fine.
“Oops,” she said and covered her face in a coquettish manner.
This broke the silence and all started laughing.
“I believe you just gang-banged me!”
They continued to talk about the evening. The guys soon felt shy and got dressed, but Eva enjoyed sitting there naked and covered in their cum like it was the most natural thing in the world. It allowed her to remain her slutty self for awhile longer, and she savored the liberating feeling it gave her. Eventually she however felt that this had been a long night and it was time to end it and go to bed, so she sent them on their way. But before getting in the shower she however uploaded the pictures from the SD card that Eric left behind on her computer. After fiddling through them for awhile, she decided to write an email to her friends.
“Hi guys!
Thanks for the most amazing night, I just can't stop smiling. You've made me feel like the perfect mix of a queen and a whore, and like a respected friend at the same time!
It was the best experience ever, and it wouldn't be right if only I had some memories of it. So here you go!
Hugs and kisses from your silly slut friend Eva!”
Attached with the email was a picture of her face, proudly covered with cum and a huge grin.
The End