Polaroids
The heat and haze of summer is like a drug to me. The scorching, near-airless days, kindling to smoky, shimmering nights -- that languid feeling in the air, holding so many unspoken promises.
The summer I graduated -- that strange suspended space between graduating and beginning my first 'proper adult' job -- holds so many of those delicious, unspoken memories. It felt, at the time, like my last shot at wildness. I wanted to make the most of every second, to lose myself inexperience. In all honesty, I wanted a summer I could remember smilingly months or even years later, while enduring the weight of corporate propriety.
It was in the midst of that heady, intense summer that I met Dan.
*
"Anya, if you're coming out tonight you better get your ass ready!"
The voice came caterwauling from the depths of the house, startling me as I lay on the terrace in my bikini, book in hand. It was evening, but the sun was still stubbornly hanging in the sky, and its warmth felt comforting on my exposed skin. A bead of sweat ran down between my breasts, pooling in the soft crevice of my bellybutton. I couldn't think why I'd want to go anywhere, right at this moment.
A second later, Lois herself caught up to her disembodied voice and frowned at me from the doorway.
"Are you planning to go out in a bikini? I mean, the locals might stare but you'd probably get free drinks all night."
I huffed a laugh, putting down my book and sitting up to look at her properly.
"Hmm, not sure the free drinks would make up for all the perving. What time are you planning to head out? It's still so early, I thought we were going straight to a club."
"Well, Jenna and Carly want to meet up for dinner and drinks first."
"And you didn't think to tell me thatbeforeyou started shrieking at me to get ready super early?"
Lois had the good grace to look a little sheepish, and that was as much of an apology as I was likely to get from her.
"I'm telling you now. So, are you coming or not?"
About forty minutes later, I was good to go. I'd taken a shower at top speed, washing my hair quicker than usual, not stopping to enjoy the water on my body as much as I normally would have. I let my hair air dry, knowing in this heat it wouldn't take long -- and besides, my long dark waves always looked good left natural. I took a little more care with my make-up; smoky eyes and subtly glossy lips.
My dress was a black silk slip-style number, falling just to the mid-thigh. It skimmed my body in such a way that couldn't be consideredobsceneexactly, but certainly gave a good impression as to what lay underneath. I had dabbed a little shimmer in the hollows of my collarbones, and just a little across the exposed upper swells of my breasts. I always liked to stay just the right side of sexy, without verging into 'pornstar'. I took a big enough purse to carry my trusty polaroid camera, which went everywhere with me that summer.
When Lois saw me, she broke into a wide grin.
"So, are you looking to get laid tonight, or is that for my benefit?" she smirked.
"Getting laid isn't exactly my number one priority, but I can't say it wouldn't be a damn sweet bonus," I replied, adding a little wiggle to my butt.
We both burst into laughter. I brought out the polaroid, and we took it in turns to snap pictures of each other, smiling, pouting, looking sexy and silly all at once.
"Seriously though, Anya. You look fucking hot tonight."
I smiled in thanks and looked her over in return; tall, blonde, Scandinavian-supermodel-looking Lois with her perfect breasts and incredibly long legs. She had dressed herself in a skin-tight knee-length red dress, complemented by a scarlet streak of lipstick. Her polaroids could have been on any model agency's wall.
"You look fucking hot tonight too, Lois."
We met Jenna and Carly outside the restaurant they'd picked out -- a mid-level place that liked to pretend it was more upmarket than it truly was, or ever could be, in this small town. The cocktails were to die for though, and by the time our first course arrived we'd already sunk a couple each. I was already getting that jittery, butterfly vibe that promised tonight would have so many wonderful things in store for us.
We chatted animatedly throughout the meal, catching up on everything that had been happening with each of us, snapping instant photos in between courses. Carly told us all about her relationship troubles with her long-term boyfriend and then in complete contrast, Jenna regaled us with all her many, many man-eating conquests. Lois and I fell somewhere in the middle of this spectrum; I'd had a steady boyfriend up until a few weeks before graduation, and while I wasn't quite at the same man-devouring stage as Jenna, I couldn't pretend that I didn't enjoy a good fuck when the opportunity presented itself. Lois, having only recently come out as bi, was enjoying taking time to experiment and figure out what she liked, without being tied down to a relationship. Sometimes I helped with her experiments.
As the meal progressed and we started on dessert, the combination of cocktails, laughter and summer heat had made the four of us giddy, excited for the night ahead of us. We settled the bill, then headed back out into the lush warmth of a sultry summers evening.
It was late now, and the sun had passed below the horizon. The club we were heading to wasn't far from the restaurant, so the four of us decided to walk, feeling the light breeze raising goosebumps on our bare skin. We walked along, arms linked and high heels clicking, savouring the slight chill against clammy skin, giggling together as the alcohol made its presence felt.
When we reached the club, Lois took charge and used her stunning good looks (not to mention effortless charm -- some girls really do have all the luck) to get us in without waiting in line. The club was already packed, the dancefloor crowded with slick bodies moving frenziedly together to the pump of the music. The bar was overflowing with people clamouring for their drinks, but I knew one of the bartenders personally, and waiting was never an issue for us here.
The easiness of entry and getting drinks was only part of this place's appeal for our little gang -- the club was created to replicate a 1920s speakeasy, and the vibe was both glamorous and intoxicating.
Having safely gotten our drinks and said a quick hi to my bartender friend, Joe, we set about finding a table. The polaroid camera came out of my bag once more, and this time we snapped away with not just Lois and I, but Jenna and Carly as well. We giggled as they developed, one by one, showing us in ridiculous poses and facial expressions.
It was at this moment that Lois leaned over to whisper in my ear, her breath stirring the soft hairs at my neck and causing me to shiver. From this new angle I had a direct view down the front of her dress, and found myself distracted by the way her breasts pressed urgently against the fabric. At first, I didn't register her words.
"There's a guy near the bar who can't stop looking at you. Over my right shoulder, be subtle."
Composing myself and dragging my gaze away from my best friend's cleavage, I carefully made my face blank, and looked casually around the packed bar before settling my gaze over Lois' shoulder.
When my eyes met the stranger's, it was like lightning striking. He sat alone at a table a little way from the bar, sitting back against his chair in an almost lazy fashion. But there was no mistaking the look in his hooded eyes. The air between us seemed to spark and surge, and I was caught completely off balance by the strength and suddenness of this connection. Unsettled, I wanted to put some distance between us, and grabbed Lois' arm.
"Come on, we're dancing."
If she looked surprised at the brashness of my request, she quickly covered it and signalled to Jenna and Carly to join us on the dancefloor.
The four of us headed into the crowd together, enveloped in the mass of clubbers getting lost in the dance. This was what I loved when we went out clubbing -- dancing. I loved relinquishing control of my body, letting go to the music coursing through my veins, feeling the booming bass throb deep in my core. When I moved, I moved well, and I enjoyed every second of it. Lois was close by, and I knew she felt the same way by the rapturous expression on her gorgeous face. We moved together, joined in our passion, a light sheen of sweat covering both of us as the pace quickened.
All through this though, I was certain I could still feel eyes on me. And sure enough, when I dared to look up a few songs later, Mr Stranger hadn't dragged his gaze away from me. The desire on his face was clearly evident, and I felt a rush pour through me at being the object of such obvious lust. I made a decision in that moment, that wherever it led to, I needed to find out more about this man.
Breaking away from my friends under the guise of needing another drink, I made my way over to the bar -- close enough to his table that he could easily approach me if that's what he wanted, but not so close that it looked like I was desperate for him to do so. I was in the middle of giving Joe my order, when I heard a voice from behind me, deep, low, and designed for my ears only.
"Will you let me buy you that?"
Without looking behind me, I took my drink from Joe and handed over the cash to pay for it. I was in the mood for a little bit of a chase tonight.
"Maybe the next one, we'll see," I replied, turning to face him.
Up close, the tension between us was even more electric. And by god, this man was crazy attractive. I'd never felt, nor seen, anything or anyone quite like this. He was tall, around 6'3, broad in the shoulders and chest, and dark in an exotic sort of way. His face looked like it had been carved from marble, his cheekbones and jaw were that sharp. Rugged stubble hugged his lower cheeks and jaw, setting off a full, wide mouth more sensual than any I'd ever seen on a man before. It took a moment of staring to realise that his dark, soulful eyes were sparking with amusement. Shit, he had caught me full-on gawping.
"We'll see? Hmm, is that just so you have an excuse to carry on staring at me?"
Shit.
"Me, staring? You're the one who's had his eyes on me since I set foot in the place."
"So you did notice, then."
By now he was fully smiling, a gorgeously devilish smile that exposed perfectly straight, white teeth. Jeez, this guy could not be for real. I had to believe there was some third nipple or micro penis lurking under his black-tee-and-jeans combo, becausenobodycould possibly be this fucking perfect. It wouldn't be fair otherwise.
He was also teasing me, and I felt a thrill as I realised I was enjoying this little banter. I didn't want him to see that too quickly though because come on, as if his ego was likely to need any amplifying when he looked likethat.
"Noticed you being a creep? Sure. Anyway, if you'll excuse me, I'd better get back to my friends."
And without waiting for a response, I turned on my heel and melted into the crowd to re-join the others.
"Is he still watching me? Don't make it obvious!" I hissed at Lois as I found her.
"Yep, he's looking like he'd fuck you right here if he could. And he totally knows we're having this conversation, because now he has a huge shit-eating grin on his face."
I could hear the laughter in her voice, but all I could do was groan.
"Fuck it, let's just fucking dance!"
And so, that's what we did. Only this time, when Lois and I were moving together, Jenna and Carly on the sidelines, I let myself look at him from time to time. I looked up to where he was sitting, his eyes pinned on me the whole time, and I allowed him a secret smile here, a seductive glance through my lashes there. I realised that I was putting on a show for him, the way I was moving my body was now all for him. And he knew it too, and very clearly liked it.
All the while, Jenna had taken control of my polaroid camera, and was snapping away while Lois and I got lost in the headiness and thrill of this dance. She showed me one quickly as the music slowed, and I felt a sudden shock as I took it in. Lois and I looked incredible together, our bodies pressed up close and our eyes half-hooded with lust. We looked so goddamnsexy. I felt drunk, and not on the alcohol. I really couldn't tell who I was hotter for now -- Mr Stranger or Lois.
Before I could work out that very dilemma, I felt a light hand on my hip and that amazingly deep voice from behind me again.
"So how's about I buy you that drink now?"
It wasn't my voice that answered him, but Lois'.
"Oh for sure, Anya's worked up a real thirst now."
She winked at me as Mr Stranger took me by the hand, and led me back to the bar.
He'd bought our drinks, and now we sat at his table. I'd discovered that his name was Dan, and that he was a recently graduated architect, passing through this small town while on something of a last hurrah after college.
"I'm kind of doing the same, I want to live as much as possible before I go back to the city and get tied down forevermore," I admitted.
He tipped his head back and laughed deeply.
"Forevermore, huh? Such an optimistic view of life after college."
Laughing too, I explained "You know what I mean! Law school was so rough at times, but we partied so hard to make up for it. I know how hard my training years are going to be, so I want to keep that freedom for as long as possible.
He looked at me thoughtfully.
"You're a bit of a wildcard then?"
"I do enjoy being wild, when the mood takes me."
"How is the mood taking you now?"
"To the dancefloor. Come on."
When we got to the dancefloor, I had a sudden burst of insecurity at my own boldness -- what if I was making a fool of myself here? But that faded away as soon as Mr Stranger -- Dan -- put his strong, firm hands on my hips and tugged my body close to his. He felt amazing, so up-close and personal. I placed my hands on his chest, wondering at the hard wall of muscle underneath my fingertips. His arms circled my waist, his hands entwining at the small of my back.
So far, so respectable, but my thoughts were anything but respectable by now, and I didn't think his were either. I wanted more.
Emboldened by the desire in his eyes, I moved his hands from their chaste position on my back, and lowered them down to my ass, his gaze flaring with lust as he took the hint and grabbed. I threw my arms around his neck, and moved myself even closer; as close now as we could get with only the thin layer of our clothing separating us.
And then, we began to move.
As I'd suspected, he knew exactly what to do with his body, and I quietly thought to myselfthis bodes very well for later. We moved in time with the music, picking up speed as the tempo increased. I was dimly aware that I was grinding on him, in full view of everyone else in the club, but I honestly didn't give a shit about anyone else at that point. We broke apart so that he could spin me around; he caught me hard by the hip and pulled me back against him, so my back was to his chest, and my ass nestled against his groin. I could feel the hardness of his erection, and felt the dampness in my own underwear as a direct response. He groaned, and I felt it vibrate all through me, setting me alight. He bent his head, and I felt his lips brush my ear as he leaned in to whisper into it.
"I would make you come right here, if I could."
I broke free from his grip so that I could turn and look him directly in the eye. I had the advantage of heels on, but he was so tall that I still had to rise onto my tiptoes to murmur into his ear. I poured all of my lust, desire, sensuality into my voice as I responded to him.
"Well then, take me somewhere that you can."
A few minutes later, I was back at the table where Lois, Jenna and Carly were waiting for me, having seen this whole spectacle unfold. As I collected my things, Lois caught me by the arm and grinned at me.
"So maybe the outfit wasn't for my benefit after all, eh?"
I giggled and replied, "Well, I did say getting laid would be a damn sweet bonus..."
"So you did. Have fun, Anya."
I turned to go and find Dan, only to find my arm caught once more. Lois tugged me to her quickly, cupping my face with her free hand and stroking my jaw with her thumb.
"Maybe I'll wait up for you, Anya, and once you've fucked him you can come home and fuck me, too."
With a wink and a light smack on my ass, she twirled me around and sent me off on my way.
Dan was waiting for me at the club's entrance, a black leather jacket thrown carelessly over one arm, and car keys dangling from the other hand. He threw an arm around my shoulders and led me out into the now faintly chilly summer night.
He led me over to a black, vintage Impala, and I let out a low whistle.
"This is your car?"
He smiled sheepishly.
"I know it's a bit much. I rented it especially for this freedom voyage."
"No, it's not too much at all. I've always wanted to sit inside one of these, it's awesome."
I rounded the front of the car to cross to the passenger side, and ran one finger along the glossy black hood.
I'm going to fuck you on that, later.
"I would really love to know what thought just went through your head there."
I tried to tamp down my blush as I replied innocently, "Oh?"
"Whatever it was, it looked positively... Sinful."
His eyes glittered blackly in the night, and his gaze was so intense I felt stripped utterly bare. I couldn't say it was an unpleasant sensation. My eyes dropped to his lips, and I knew I had to get in the car before we started doing unspeakable things right there in the parking lot.
I clambered into the passenger seat of the Impala -- no mean feat to do this gracefully in a tiny silk slip dress, but soon we were both safely inside. The atmosphere was abruptly different; we had both become very aware of how alone we were now, in jarring comparison to the bustle of the club. The silence was heavy, tense with expectation. I suddenly realised that we hadn't even kissed yet, but what we had done so far seemed somehow more intimate, more sensual. Having said that, I couldn't drag my gaze away from his lips, and my breath was becoming more ragged already. That kiss couldn't happen soon enough.
Dan pivoted in his seat, reached out his hand and grazed his fingertips along my jaw. Every touch sparked a new flame, and a small gasp left my parted lips.
"So... Where do you want to go?" he murmured, his fingers still tracing their path from my jaw, down my neck and dancing along my exposed collarbone.
"Let's just drive until we find somewhere private," I whispered back, turning my face and kissing his fingertips. When he sighed slightly, I took the tip of his index finger into my mouth and sucked, ever so gently. Those dark, endless eyes of his were drinking me in, as if he could devour me by sight alone.
"You don't want to do the whole 'my place or yours' thing?" His voice was rougher now, husky with lust.
"Ireallylike this car."
The tension of the moment was broken as he laughed deeply.
"Okay, let's drive."
We drove for a long while, I think longer than either of us were expecting. It wasn't because we couldn't find anywhere though; we passed plenty of places that would have offered us enough privacy. It was because we were actually enjoying each other's company, finding out that we had a lot more in common than either of us had expected. We talked about our recent studies; his architecture, my law school. We talked about our families, friends, obligations, passions. But inevitably, the chat turned back around to why were in that car in the first place.
"So, do you do this often then?" I asked teasingly.
"You mean, do I often have lovely long car rides, and deep and meaningful conversations with beautiful ladies I meet in bars?" he replied, the corner of his mouth kicked up in a knowing smirk.
"Something like that."
"Well, the simple answer is no. One night stands are more common. But finding a beautiful girl in a bar, one who I want to talk to as much as I want to rip her clothes off? Less so."
"Hmm... Rip my clothes off, eh?" I played with my hair and looked up at him through my lashes.
And just like that, the air was charged with electricity again, and we had no interest in carrying on conversation any further.
"Fuck it, this place is as good as any."
With one smooth motion, Dan had hauled the car off the main road and pulled it off into an abandoned-looking dirt track. He drove for maybe five more minutes or so, until he'd made sure we were out of sight of the main road. The dirt track broke off into a little clearing, ringed by trees and lit dreamily by the moonlight. In all honesty, it was a pretty perfect stroke of luck.
He brought the Impala to a stop, but didn't turn off the engine right away. He reached above him to flick on the overhead lights, which provided a flatteringly soft glow inside the car.
"Shall we move into the back?" he asked huskily, clearly trying to hide his desperation to touch me. Wordlessly I nodded, and we got out and into the back seat. So deliciously cliché, but at that moment I thought that this particular cliché was just fucking delicious.
We slid across the leather seat towards each other, and on impulse I grabbed the front of his shirt, pulling him closer. He thrust his hands into my hair and pulled my head up to meet his, and then suddenly his mouth was on mine. The kiss, the kiss I'd been waiting so long for, was soft at first, tentatively probing. I didn't want soft, or tentative.
I hooked my hands around the back of his neck, my fingers finding their way into his soft curls. I dragged my tongue across his lower lip, forcing him to open to me. Our tongues met and then we were both on fire, the kiss deep, rough, desperate. He swept into my mouth, claiming me in the searing heat of his desire. He was devouring me, and I knew that this kiss had been so worth the wait.
Our hands were everywhere, exploring each other over the thin fabric of our clothing. I found the hemline of his shirt and tugged up, up, until he raised his arms and let me pull it over his head. I sat back to look at him in this new, shirtless state. I was not disappointed. His torso was beautiful; tanned, muscular, ridged with hard abs. His arms were corded with muscle; powerful arms that I knew could sweep me up and pin me to a wall easily.
"Like what you see?" he murmured.
"I guess I'm pretty happy right now," I smiled wryly, licking my lips.
He traced that little flick of my tongue with his eyes, and brought his face back to mine to capture it with his own mouth. As we were lost to another blistering kiss, I ran my hands over his shoulders, enjoying the feeling of the muscles in his back rippling under my touch. He was so solidly, beautifully built.
I tore my mouth away from his to begin planting kisses from the corner of his mouth, along his jawline, down his neck. I let me teeth scrape a little on the curve of his neck, and his answering moan emboldened me to continue. Over his collarbone, down his chest, I kept planting those kisses, until I reached the dusky bud of his nipple. My tongue glided over it, sucking it quickly into my mouth as his hands tightened on my shoulders and he shuddered. Oh, he liked that.
He pulled me back up to meet him, and his hands began a new mission of their own. As he claimed my mouth with his tongue, his strong hands moved from their new position on my hips, slipping down the outside of my thighs until they reached the hem of my delicate dress. His fingers slipped under, and began lazily heading up, up the sensitive inner flesh of my thighs, seeking a haven hidden above. I quivered in anticipation, and felt him smiling against my lips as he continued his kiss.
After what felt a lifetime of waiting, his hand reached its destination. I felt a hard knuckle drag quickly, lightly, insubstantially over the soaking fabric of my underwear. He growled approvingly at the wetness he found there.
"So wet already," he murmured against my lips.
"And ready to be fucked," I whispered in response.
"God, you are ridiculously sexy."
I bucked my hips gently, reminding him of the task at hand -- literally. He brought two fingers back to where his knuckle had been, placing a little light pressure against my clit as I tried to ride his hand. This was agonisingly erotic, and not nearly enough.
All of a sudden, I had an idea.
"Let's take this outside."
I had a second to enjoy the look of surprise that danced over his face, before I opened the car door and stepped out into the night. I quickly grabbed my purse from the front seat, opening it to root around, and quickly finding what I was looking for. My trusty polaroid camera.
I stepped back to where Dan was now sitting in the car doorframe, the lust on his face tempered with slight confusion as to what the hell I was doing. He watched me reach out and place the camera on the car roof.
"I take it you're not going to explain this turn of events?" he questioned lightly.
"Oh, it was getting a little stuffy in there. I thought this might be fun."
And with that, I pushed down the straps of my dress, tugged it down past my chest and let it flow freely down my body, pooling in a puddle of liquid silk at my feet. I stood in front of him, bathed in the mingled glow of moonlight and car headlamps, clad only in my bra and underwear. I turned slowly for him, enjoying the undivided attention he was giving me. I saw the straining bulge growing in the crotch of his jeans, and smiled inwardly.
I was around three feet away from him, facing him straight on. He said nothing, only watched me. I reached behind me and unclasped my bra, pulling my arms free while deliberately holding the cups tight to my breasts, teasing him so that he couldn't see anything until I was ready to show. Slowly, excruciatingly slowly, I lifted the bra away and let it drop beside my discarded dress. I ran my hands over my bare breasts, my fingers snagging on my hardened nipples, savouring the feeling of cool night air washing over my naked skin. His eyes weren't on my face anymore, that was for sure. The piercing heat of his gaze as I stood there, completely topless in front of him, made me shiver.
Now there was just the panties to go. I turned away from Dan again, casting a devilish look at him over my shoulder as I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my underwear. I slipped them down over the curve of my ass, and bent right the way over to drag them all the way down my legs -- giving him a full, unimpeded look at what I knew was a firmly peachy little butt. I wondered vaguely if he could see my pussy lips from this angle, in this light. Wondered if there was enough light for him to see how thoroughly soaked I was now, after stripping for him like this.
As I stepped out of my undies, I took a deep breath and turned back to him, feeling a little wild at how reckless I was being to strip completely bare outdoors like this, with a relative stranger. I realised that while I'd been turned the other way, he'd unbuttoned his jeans and slipped one inside the waistband. He was touching himself. The thought sent a jolt of heat throbbing in my core. God, I wanted him. Now. But what he said next wasn't what I expected.
"Where is the camera." This wasn't a question. No, this was a demand.
I moved forward and took it from the car roof, handing it over to him.
"This deserves to be photographed," he growled, biting out the words as if trying to hold himself back. "Stand back where you were, and pose for me."
Exhilarated both by his take-no-shit attitude and the actual request he was making, I did as he asked. I positioned myself so that the light hit me in just the right way, knowing my heavy, full, hard-nippled breasts would look best from that angle. I lifted my hands to my hair, and put one foot forward to kick my hip out a little.
"Fuck me, that's perfect," Dan breathed. And he snapped the photo. The little plastic card popped out from the top of the camera, and he said nothing, held himself entirely still as he watched it develop. He passed it to me wordlessly, and I gasped as I saw myself in the tiny frame. I looked utterly wild, in the sexiest, most woodland-goddessy kind of way. I'd want to fuck me too, looking like that.
I decided to run with this theme.
"Get out of the car, and follow me," I demanded. He did as I asked.
I led him round to the front of the car, fending off his attempts to touch me, and climbed up onto the hood of the Impala. I knelt facing slightly sideways on the hood, ass resting on my feet, shoulders back so that my tits jutted forward, but kept them covered with my hands. Dan raised the camera again.
And snapped another picture.
"Drop the hands, Anya."
I did.
He snapped another picture.
I was really getting into this now. There we were, right out there in the open air with no idea what or who might be around us, with me stark naked on the hood of his car, and him photographing me doing it. It was crazy, it was wild, and it was deeply, deeply erotic. I don't think I had ever been that turned on in my life.
We carried on with a couple more of these poses, somehow Dan lost his jeans somewhere in this process, and I could see the hardness of his cock throbbing urgently against his boxers. There was just enough light to see a little wet patch, and I could picture that sweet drop of pre-cum beading on the tip. This was getting him just as horny as it was me.
He was watching me with heavily lidded eyes, scanning me hungrily from my swollen breasts to my taut stomach to the curve of my ass. I knew what he was really desperate to see now, but I still wanted to toy with him a little.
"What do you want to see now, Dan? What pose would you like me to do?" I murmured coaxingly.
"Anya... You know what I want." He gritted the words out.
"Oh, but you have to tell me, just to be sure."
He groaned -- I was driving him wild, I could tell -- but he did as I said.
"Get on your back, and open your legs for me."
I took my time, shimmying my ass down the hood of the car, taking care again not to show anything untilIwas ready to show it. I was enjoying this power play, this control over a beautiful man who wanted nothing more than to see what was between my legs. It was intoxicating.
Slowly, excruciatingly slowly, I raised myself up on my elbows, and parted my legs, opening myself wide for both Dan's eyes, and the camera. His hand dove into his boxers again, stroking himself while he drank in the sight of my pussy, exposed just for him.
"Fuck yes," he breathed. "You are fucking perfect."
He raised the camera, and snapped a full length shot of me propped naked on the car hood, legs spread wide. Then he came closer, so close I could feel his breath on my inner thighs, and took another, close-up frame of my wet, luscious pussy in all its aroused glory. We hadn't paused to look at any of the developed images, simply putting them in a little line on the side of the hood, but now I thought how hot it would be to look through them afterwards.
He laid down the camera beside me on the hood.
"Enough of this now."
And that was all the warning I had before he made a lunge for me, gripping the back of my neck and pulling me into a kiss even hotter than the ones that had gone before. His hands were all over me, gripping my hips, shoulders, cupping both breasts in each hand. He broke away from the kiss to frenziedly work his way down my neck, sucking my earlobe, my throat, the hollow at my collarbone. His hands were still working my tits, his thumbs circling my nipples in the most agonisingly erotic way. As his kisses moved down my body, he moved his hands to make room on my breasts for his lips, his tongue. He looked me directly in the eye as he took one nipple into his mouth, and sucked long, and deep.
I cried out into the night air, and in answer he moved his hand between my legs, brushing his fingers against the slick moistness of my pussy lips as he devoured my breasts. My body responded unthinkingly, my hips rising up to meet his probing fingers, my hand entangling in his hair to urge his mouth to continue its licking, sucking, teasing. His thumb drew lazy, languid circles around my tender clit, and then without warning one long finger dipped inside me. I moaned, and he rose up to capture the moan with a kiss. He added a second finger, and began pumping them slowly in and out, in and out, until he was fucking me with his fingers right there on the hood. He stood back to admire the view of my bare body, his fingers curling like a hook inside me, pressing on my G-spot as I writhed and moaned.
And then, just as abruptly as he'd started the finger-fucking, he stopped it and withdrew them from me. Just as I was about to complain, he dropped to his knees before me, and lifted my legs onto his shoulders.
"Oh God, yes. Yes. Yes..." I didn't even realise I'd spoken until he replied to me.
"You want this, do you? Okay Anya, tell me how much you want it."
His head, between my legs as it was, was so close to me that his breath danced along my inner thighs, making me tremble reflexively.
"Tell me," he whispered, teasingly, coaxingly. He pressed kisses into the tender flesh of my thigh, into the hollow between my leg and groin. So tantalisingly close, but not close enough.
"Come on, Dan, please..." I whimpered.
"You can do better than that, Anya. Do you want me to lick your pussy or not?"
"Yes," I whispered.
"What was that? Couldn't quite hear you..."
"Christ Dan, please, please just lick my pussy!" I all but screamed it into the silence of the night air.
"Well, all you had to do was ask."
And with that, I felt a burst of the most intense, exquisite pleasure as his tongue finally met my clit for the first time. He licked me with soft, darting flicks of his tongue, building pressure until I was squirming underneath him. He grasped one arm around my thigh and planted the other flat on my stomach, holding me so I couldn't jerk away from him. He gave my clit a little suck before moving his mouth down to the swollen folds of my pussy lips, lapping at my entrance and the juices he'd elicited from me. He dipped his tongue inside me briefly, then dragged it back up through my folds and onto my clit again. I was in utter ecstasy, moaning his name and gripping his hair to hold him to my pussy.
The whole time he was going down on me, he kept his eyes fixed on mine -- the sight of him with his head between my legs, licking me, while fixing me with that stare was so fucking hot. I reached blindly for the camera, knowing this was a picture I'd want to keep. He saw what I was doing and growled approvingly, building up the speed of his strokes as I positioned the camera just above my belly, knowing that the angle would give a perfect view of his tongue on me. I snapped the picture, throwing the camera aside just as he built to a crescendo, alternately licking and sucking my clit. When he took things up a notch by inserting a finger inside me, I couldn't hold back any longer. My orgasm hit me like a lightning bolt, wracking my body with waves of pure, unadulterated pleasure. I screamed as I came, bucking underneath him as he continued to lap at me through the ripples of bliss. I shuddered, and lay still as he withdrew tongue and finger.
He had that shit-eating grin spread across his face again.
"You like that?"
I didn't answer with words. Instead, I sat upright and claimed his mouth with mine, tasting myself on his tongue and relishing my own flavour. I pushed him back, and raised myself to stand before him, at the front of the car. His boxers were still on, and that wouldn't do, not at all. I reached around and grabbed hold of his perfect, toned ass and slipped my hands under his waistband, cupping his bare cheeks and squeezing firmly. He groaned against me, and I took that as full permission to continue.
I drew his boxers down over his ass, and brought my hands round to where they were tented at the front, dipping my fingers inside until I found what I was looking for. I peeled the boxers away from his erect cock, and dragged them down his thighs until they fell to his ankles, and he stepped free of them. I stepped back, just as he had done when his fingers were inside me, to look my fill.
Christ, what a view it was.
If the first viewing of just his muscled upper half had taken my breath away, then the sight of him completely naked left me all but gasping for air. I covered my mouth with my hand as I dragged in an unsteady breath. The broad shoulders and chest tapered to slender hips, and the hard ridges of muscles culminated in a perfect V in his pelvis. A light dusting of dark hair formed a trail from his navel, down to the delectable main event below. In the suffused light of the car headlamps, I could see shapely, powerful thighs. And there, standing proudly as the centrepiece of all this rugged male beauty -- a gorgeously thick, long, rock-hard cock. I felt my mouth literally water as I stared hungrily at it. Remembering my earlier worries about third nipples and micro-penises, I grinned to myself. Dan really was this fucking perfect.
I stepped towards him again, wrapping my hands around his neck and pulling him in for a long, sensual kiss that left us both panting. Lowering one hand to his cock, I wrapped my fingers around his thick shaft, and was gratified when he twitched against me, groaning into my hair. I flicked my thumb over his tip, finding a lovely bead of pre-cum to wet his throbbing head. I kissed down his throat, pumping him slowly with my hand as I did so. He was so very hard. And I figured he deserved a reward after the mind-blowing oral he'd just given me.
I dropped to my knees in the long grass. The tickling strands weren't all that unwelcome as they brushed my thighs. But this, this was about Dan. I wanted to give him as much pleasure as he'd just given me. I wanted to blow him, and blow his frickin' mind.
I looked up at him, my mouth just inches away from his pulsing cock. He groaned and threaded his fingers into my hair, guiding me to him. I decided that teasing worked both ways.
"Tell me what you want, Dan."
"Anya... Fuck... Please..."
"Come on baby, use your words. You can do better than that. Do you want me to suck your cock?"
"Fucking hell... Yes, yes... Please!"
"Tell me."
"Anya, just do it. Suck my fucking cock!"
He didn't have to tell me twice. In one smooth movement, I captured as much of his cock with my mouth as I could. He really was big, the biggest I'd ever had, so I couldn't take his full length, but I took him as deep as I could without choking. I reached around him to grab his ass, and used the grip to propel the movement of him fucking my mouth. I sucked deeply, moving my lips up and down his shaft. I took my lips away to press a kiss to his thick base, then licked my way up his cock from root to tip in one fluid motion. I was rewarded when he twitched involuntarily against my cheek, his pleasure now taking on a feral, animalistic urge. His hands tightened in my hair as he moaned, and I took my cue to resume my task. Taking him in my mouth once more, I moved one hand from his ass and brought it to the base of his cock, wrapping firmly around it and pumping in time with the movement of my sucking lips. He reached for something behind my head; I realised it was the camera again. I looked up into it and drew back a little, so that more of his cock was exposed for the shot. He clicked, and I plunged back down on him, picking up speed and rhythm, flicking my tongue over his throbbing tip. He was so close, I could tell he was ready to blow his load right down my throat. I was so ready to take it.
But then all of a sudden, he stopped moving and pulled himself away. I rocked back onto my haunches in surprise.
"You don't want to finish?"
"Not in your mouth," he breathed, and hauled me up to standing again. Before I knew what was happening, he had lifted me up and my legs wrapped instinctively around his waist. He threw me onto the hood of the car, and I lay, spread and open and dripping, before him.
He ducked into the car, but he was back again before I could even protest, clutching a small foil square. As he rolled the condom down his thick, beautiful cock, I asked a question I'd been wondering since I first saw the Impala.
"Have you ever fucked a girl on this hood before?"
He smiled crookedly, still holding the base of his cock in his hand.
"No, I think that honour was meant just for you. Does that please you?"
"Yes," I whispered, surprised at the truth of my own words.
He prowled towards me as I propped myself on my elbows, taking hold of my legs and spreading them wide so that he could enter me as easily and deeply as possible. He positioned himself above me, the tip of his cock deliciously close to my entrance. I tried to wrap my legs around him to force him inside, but he just grinned and stayed exactly where he was.
"Shall I make you beg again, Anya?"
"You begged too, y'know."
"So I did. I want you so goddamn bad. But I want to hear it from you."
I kept completely silent, biting my lip and trying to move myself onto him. I didn't want to beg again. Not quite so easily, anyway.
He responded by gripping his cock, and sliding himself up my soaking folds to the sensitive bud of my clitoris. He used the tip, slick as it was in the lubed-up condom, to circle and tease my clit. Oh god, he wasn't going easy on me.
"Just tell me what I should do, Anya... Tell me what you want me to do..."
Realising that I was depriving myself every bit as much as I was depriving him, I felt my iron will collapse.
"Oh holy shit. Right. Dan, I need you to fuck me. I need you inside me. Right. Now."
Those were the magic words.
"Good girl."
Rearing back, he gripped hold of my thighs and then thrust his cock into my pussy with one solid, consuming stroke. He seated himself to the hilt, impaling me onto that glossy black Impala hood. I felt my eyes roll back into my head and we both cried out, together, into the night surrounding us. He held himself in place for a few moments, letting me adjust to the size of him as he stretched me, filled me almost to breaking point. It was incredible, that feeling of fullness created by his huge cock in my tight pussy. He throbbed in me, and I tightened around him reflexively. We were both panting, and we hadn't even started to move yet.
He brushed a strand of hair from my face, and tipped my chin so I couldn't avoid his gaze.
"You okay, yeah?"
"God, yes. You feel amazing, Dan. I've never taken a cock this big before." I was panting heavily, so aware of him inside me as we held this little convo. I just wanted things to get going, properly.
He clearly knew what I wanted, even unspoken. He started moving then, pulling his cock out of me deliberately slowly, and then pushing himself back in with equally agonising slowness. He did this a few times until I was positively melting with anticipation. He was goading me into begging again, I could tell. I couldn't give a flying fuck about my dignity right now though.
"Faster... Harder... Please!" I moaned, crying out as a gust of cool breeze washed over us, heightening the sensations even more.
Dan did what I asked, pinning me down by the thighs and pumping himself into me -- hard, fast, deep. Over and over again he plunged himself deep inside me, wracking my body with intense pleasure with every new thrust. His hips ground into mine, the friction of his body sending sparks to my already swollen, sensitive clit. I gripped onto him for dear life, and relished the feeling of what it was to fuck him.This is how it feels to have Dan fuck me. This is what it feels like when Dan and I are fucking.That thought sent me spinning; I screamed onto his skin and begged him for more, I wanted as much of him as I could possibly take. He was inside me, buried deeper than any man had ever been before, and I still wanted more.
I grabbed the camera from beside my head, held it over where we were joined and snapped a photo, too dazed with pleasure to make it perfect. Once mine had been taken, Dan grabbed the camera and took his own from directly above, pulling his cock out enough to show the joining of our bodies as clearly as possible. This was so fucking hot.
Without thinking, I pushed him off me and spun myself around; planting my feet firmly on the grassy ground in front of the car, I pushed my ass up and rested my forearms on the hood.
"Take me from behind," I gasped.
He didn't, not straight away at least. He bent over me, reaching around to take hold of my tits in his hands, using his thumbs to brush my achingly hard nipples. He made his way from the back of my neck, all down my spine, with kisses and the light scraping of his teeth. I arched my back, offering myself to him in whatever way he wanted to take me. He could have done anything to me in that moment, and I'd have thanked him gratefully.
His kisses dropped to my ass, and he covered my rounded cheeks in little licks and bites, worshipping me in a way I'd never known from any mouth but his. He gripped my hips, but instead of standing and fucking me again, he stayed crouched behind me, tilted his head and brought his tongue to my puffy, sodden pussy lips. I gasped and writhed as he teased me with his tongue. He brought one hand down from where it rested on my hip, to cup my mound from underneath. He moved two fingers to massage my clit, and thrust his tongue into my now-gaping hole. He buried his face in me as he swirled his tongue in the most incredible way; from the sounds he was making I could tell he was enjoying this almost as much as I was.
"Touch... Yourself..." I managed to gasp.
He removed his tongue for just long enough to ask me why, then quickly thrust it back inside me and resumed that rhythmic circling.
"Put... Your hand... On your cock... Come together..." I panted out, losing the ability to speak as his fingers worked my clit and his tongue worked my pussy.
Abruptly, he withdrew both.
"I told you I didn't want to come in your mouth. I don't want to come on the grass either. I'm going to come inyou, while you scream my name."
And just like that, he was standing behind me, gripping my hips and plunging his cock deep into my overworked hole once more. He pulled my hips up so that I was balancing on my tiptoes, and pushed my head down, forcing me flat onto the hood of the car as his hips ground into me. I was seeing stars, the depth from this angle was almosttoointense. Almost. I bucked my hips against him and urged him on, his pace became frantic as he dragged himself all the way out, to slam all the way back in. He was riding me hard and I fucking loved it. I heard a click and realised that my lovely little camera had been used again.
He sped up, the rhythm of his thrusting cock reaching fever pitch, and I felt myself nearing the point of climax.
"Dan... Dan I'm going to come! Are you... Close?"
"Yes, fuck yes, Anya, I'm close. Fuck...!"
"To...Gether...?"
"Yes... Now!"
He gripped my hips hard as he plunged into me again and again and again. The pressure built with every thrust, and all of the muscles in my pussy were tightening around him, and suddenly we were both falling off that edge, screaming each others' names as we lost ourselves in the complete and utter ecstasy of our joined orgasms. He was still wearing the condom, but I still felt him explode as he spasmed and jerked inside me. It was the most brutal, all-consuming, life-altering, satisfying orgasm I'd ever had.
We stayed joined for a few minutes, panting through the aftershocks of such an incredible climax. It felt like an eternity passed as we stayed there, trying to keep hold of that bliss for as long as possible. When at last I felt him soften inside me, we disentangled ourselves and lay ourselves down on that beautiful, abused car hood. Naked and now cooling down from the heat of our fucking, we felt the chill of the early morning air more keenly. But we made no move to dress or cover ourselves, just lay bared to the elements and the now-lightening sky.
We stroked each other gently, lazily, as if we had all the time in the world to do this. There was no urgency now, we were both completely satiated. He played with my breasts almost absent-mindedly while we talked. I explored the hard planes of his torso, and curves of his lovely arms. I would have stayed that way forever, or happily started round two, but morning was arriving swiftly and the risk of being discovered increased.
Silently, we dressed (not before he pressed one last kiss to each of my breasts), gathered up the still-untouched photos and climbed back inside the Impala.
"I think your car might need a wash now," I grinned slyly at him.
"Totally and completely worth it," he grinned back, drawing me into a soft kiss.
"So... Wanna look at those photos before you take me home?"
"God yes, I've wanted to ever since I got off you."
"Well why didn't you?"
"Thought you'd think I was a pervert or something."
"Umm... Who brought out the camera in the first place?!"
"Yeah okay, point taken -- you're the hottest little pervert I've ever met though. Now get your ass over here and let's look at them."
I brought them out from where I'd stashed them in my purse, and slowly we looked through them together. The first one, of me standing naked in the clearing, lit by the car and the moon, then posing for him on the bonnet, getting filthier and filthier until I was spread-eagled on that hood. I blushed when we got to that one, but Dan tilted my chin up towards him.
"Don't you dare blush. Look how crazy fuckinghotyou look. You areamazing."
He sounded so genuine, and serious, that I believed him.
The next couple were of him going down on me, and it was his turn to look a bit bashful.
"That was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen, I had to take a picture," I told him. "The way you went down on me... Honestly Dan, you give great head."
I smiled up at him, and he laughed appreciatively.
"Good to know, and just FYI -- so do you. I had to try so, so hard not to blow my load in your mouth."
"Yeah, if I recall, it was very hard."
He flicked me on the nose, in mock reprimand of my sarcasm. We laughed and continued through the photos. Next up, me sucking him, as taken from above. Then came the photos of us actually fucking, and the tension in the air cranked up a notch again. We were both getting turned on, just from looking at these pictures. He pulled me towards him for a deep, claiming kiss, before pulling back to whisper in my ear.
"Do you think we have time for...?"
"Christ, I thought you'd never ask," I shot back.
He leaned past me to grab another small square of foil from the glove box, and then I was on top of him, straddling him as he pushed his seat all the way back. I hadn't bothered putting my bra back on, so Dan just pulled the neckline of my dress down, exposing my breasts to his hungry mouth once more. I pulled up my dress to waist level and tugged my underwear to one side, my pussy ready and waiting for one final fuck. Dan fumbled with his jeans, pulling out his cock and rolling the condom quickly and expertly down his hard length. I felt like I'd never tire of this cock.
I raised myself up, positioning my entrance just above the tip of his cock. I teased him as he'd teased me before, sliding onto him so only the tip was inside me, hovering while he moaned and tried to thrust upwards into me.
"Come on now Dan, you know the rules. Tell me what you want."
"Ride me, Anya. Ride my cock."
"Good boy."
I rewarded him by sinking down onto him, spearing myself on the long, hard shaft of his lovely cock. I started moving as he held onto my hips, bouncing myself up and down his length as we picked up speed. He buried his face in my tits as I threw back my head, willing him to take everything from me. He suckled on my hard nipples, drawing moans and gasps from me as I rode him as hard and dirty as I could. He slipped one hand under my dress to where our bodies were joined; his thumb flicked over my clitoris and I screamed with the ecstasy of his touch. His groan vibrated over my skin, and he pushed his hips up to meet mine, his cock filling and stretching me amazingly. I picked up tempo, settling into a frenzied kind of rhythm while our bodies surged together in the confined space of the front seat.
The tension built in every place we touched, until again we came screamingly together, clawing at each other as the orgasms overtook rational thought. This is what true ecstasy felt like. Aftershocks rippled through me as we clung to each other, breathless. Wordlessly, I climbed off him and sat back in my seat. Remembering that I was almost entirely naked again, I tugged my dress back up over my breasts, and my underwear back into place. Dan was fixing his jeans at the same time.
"Well, at least we know it wasn't a fluke then," he said with a crooked smile, and I burst out laughing.
We drove the hour (yeah, we really had gone further than we'd realised last night) back to my home chatting contentedly about everything and anything. We agreed that I'd keep the originals of the polaroids, but it seemed only fair that Dan got to have copies too, so I took photos of them using his phone while he drove. It required a certain level of trust between us that neither of us would stick them on the internet or something, but neither of us was quite willing to let them be destroyed. There was a faint thrill that in the near or distant future both of us would use those photos to masturbate to, remembering how our bodies felt together, and that was pretty fucking hot.
We exchanged numbers, and I think both of us held a genuine hope that we'd see each other again, but both of us were practical enough to know this was unlikely. If all we had was this one night, then it was the most incredible night we could have asked for. The sex itself was obviously out-of-this-world, mind-blowingly, insanely good, but it wasn't just that. As cheesy as it sounds, Dan and I made a connection that night that nobody could take away from us.
Sooner than we might have liked, we pulled up in front of the house I was sharing with Lois. Dan stopped the car, shifted towards me, and drew me into a deep, dizzying, delicious goodbye kiss.
"I don't really know what to say here, but I want you to know... I'm glad I met you, Anya."
"I'm glad I met you too, Dan."
I unlocked the front door and tiptoed into the house as quietly as I could, so as not to disturb Lois. Shehadsaid she'd wait up for me, jokingly or otherwise, but seeing as it was now nearly 7am I was fairly certain she'd have given up and gone to bed.
I was right; after passing through the living room and kitchen, I tiptoed down the hallway to where our bedrooms lay opposite each other. Her door was open, and I could see that she was fast asleep in her king-sized bed. Only Lois could look this beautiful while asleep; her face was bare of the make-up she'd worn last night, but somehow she was prettier that way. Her soft, pillowy lips were parted in sleep, one hand flung daintily behind her head, and her blonde hair fanned out on her pillow. I could tell from her bare shoulders that she was naked under her comforter -- probably peeled her skintight dress off and climbed straight into that lovely big bed, but I tried not to think about why that image sent a rush of heat straight to my core.
On a whim, I opened my purse and tiptoed into her bedroom, plucking my illicit polaroids from it as I went. Something must have happened in that crazy night with Dan, lowering my inhibitions to this extent. I laid out my little collection of homemade erotica on her bedside table, and quietly tiptoed back out of the room to find solace in a welcoming hot shower.
I had just finished washing my hair, and was in the process of soaping myself up, paying a little extra attention to my still-sensitive breasts, and between my legs, when I heard a barrage of thumping knocks on the bathroom door.
"Anya! Anya, get that little ass of yours out here, right now!"
Smiling to myself, I turned off the shower, taking my time to wring the excess water from my hair, before stepping out of the stall and wrapping a towel around myself.
I opened the door, to see Lois, looking pissed off and turned on all at once. She was interesting like that. I smiled innocently at her.
"Yes?"
"What did you bring me those photos for?! I mean you look really fucking hot, and Mr Stranger looks really fucking hot, but I don't know why you think I'd want to -"
I cut her off before she could really get going.
"Was it an empty promise you made last night?"
She spluttered and blushed, a deepening red flooding her throat all the way up to her temples.
"I -- I was drunk...Youwere drunk! And you were already -- I was just --"
"You told me to come home and fuck you, Lois. Was that an empty promise or not?"
For once, Lois clearly had absolutely no idea what to say. I can't lie, I wasreallyenjoying having her flustered like this.
"Uh... Anya -- why are you...? It's okay, just forget it..."
"And what if I don't want to forget it?"
As her eyes widened in surprise, I tugged the knot in my towel loose and let it drop to the floor. My skin still damp and glistening from the shower, I was laid bare for the second time in as many hours. But I knew, in the back of my mind, that I wouldn't have been able to do this, be so bold with Lois, if I hadn't had that night with Dan. I silently thanked him for one more thing as Lois cast a hungry eye over me. Her gaze roved from the tips of my toes, all the way up my body, lingering on theinterestingparts of my groin and breasts. Her voice was rougher when she spoke again. There was no stutter this time, just pure desire.
"You've not been fucked enough tonight?"
"I want to be fucked by you now, Lois."
I stepped towards her and pulled the tie on her robe until it fell open, offering a glimpse at what I already knew was a beautiful body beneath. She made no move, so I gently pushed the robe from her shoulders, where it dropped to her feet. I felt a thrill of satisfaction to see that I was right; Lois had climbed into bed butt naked last night, and boy was I glad of that now.
I pulled her towards me, gently but purposefully, and drew her into a kiss I'd been waiting on for months. Our hands found each other's hips, breasts, butts, and our nipples brushed together as we pressed more urgently against one another.
She broke away from me, took my hand and led me from the bathroom, down the hall and into her bedroom. Then into her bed, and intoher. We stayed in bed all that day, fucking, touching, licking, exploring. By the end, I'd been awake for twenty-four hours in a state of pure sex and lust. That twenty-four-hour period was the greatest of that whole wild summer, and possibly of my entire life thereafter.
And I thanked Dan for awakening all of it.