It had been just over two weeks since the night James opened up to me about his voyeuristic pleasures, watching his wife get fucked by other cocks. The night was the greatest sexual thrill of my entire life, as James gave me the go ahead, and I actually got the unbelievable opportunity, to fuck his ex stripper slut hot wife in her very kinky lingerie.
Suzi had partially covered her fantastic 34G-23-34 body in a leather look Waspie, black seamed stockings attached to the garters and the most salacious black soft leather thigh length boots, which I found out were her trademark, during her stripping days. Her huge firm breasts were exposed the whole evening, along with her glass smooth shaved pussy, which I took great delight in sliding my cock in and out of, whilst James grinned looking on. That night James and I both fucked Suzi up the ass, at one point we double penetrated her, sending her slut crazy for cock.
In all Suzi managed to drain my cock three times that night, something I had not achieved for many years.
Everything about Suzi was pure sex. Her body, her lingerie, her attitude, her demeanour, her movement and her unequalled ability to ensure her sexual partner is pleasured.
Her shaved pussy is fantastically wet and tight. Her asshole is also very tight but still allows a cock to venture inside. Her full lips are sensational sliding up and down your shaft as her glorious tongue works its sexual magic. Her long taut legs, cinched small waist and gravity defying huge breasts make up the perfect sexual fantasy.
I'd spoke on the phone to Suzi a couple of times and exchanged a few raunchy texts, but we'd not met in the flesh since that amazing night. It was Friday evening when my phone rang.
Looking at the screen display, I could see James was calling.
"Hi James, how's things?" I said in a jovial voice.
"Things are good, but could be a whole lot better for you!" He said with an element of mischief.
"I what way?" I asked a little perplexed.
"Suzi has bought some new very revealing dresses and needs a second opinion!" He said with a trace of giggle in his voice.
"So your hot wife wants me to come around and look at her parading her sexy body in very revealing clothes!" I said "What time should I be there?" I finished with a hearty laugh.
"She's also bought a lot of new sexy lingerie. Some of it is very kinky!" James said excitedly "Be here as soon as you can!"
"I'll be there in thirty minutes!" I said then hung up my phone.
Having just stepped out of the shower, all that was left was a splash of cologne, a spray of deodorant and put my clothes on and head over to Suzi and James.
It was a strange sensation to know I was heading over to Suzi andJames, with the full approval of James to fuck Suzi in any of her tight holes, and that she will be wearing the sexiest clothes or lingerie, as long as James could watch. Suzi and James were the perfect couple for each other. He loved to watch his slut wife get fucked and she loved to get fucked!
Readers of earlier stories will be aware of Suzi's extensive sexy wardrobe of erotic clothing. My mind was casually reminiscing on our last encounter and I found myself sporting a semi erection, at the memory of Suzi's tight black mini dress, with the open panels up the left hand side, revealing an underwear free body beneath, with the most magnificent view of side boob, and Suzi's side boob is most definitely a sight to see.
I was fully dressed now ready to head out the door, with a full blown erection stirring in my pants. I could distinctly remember the smell of Suzi, the warmth of her soft smooth flesh, the taste of her full soft lips and the sensational movement of her magnificent body. James watching actually added to the eroticism of the situation, and I found myself playing along and tormenting James along with Suzi, which added to Suzi's arousal, James arousal and ultimately my arousal.
I walked the few blocks to James and Suzi's city centre apartment, getting some strange looks on my way, probably from the bulge stretching the front of my trousers. With each step, I found my erection getting stronger and stronger, as though I had popped some erection enhancing drug. The only erection enhancement here was the thought of Suzi's sexy body and what I was soon to be doing with it.
I arrived at the front door and rung the electronic doorbell. Immediately I heard footsteps approaching the door. These were too heavy footed to be Suzi's dainty little feet, which was confirmed as James opened the door with a broad grin.
"Come in friend! My wife is waiting in the entertainment room!" James smiled and winked.
I took the stairs two at a time in my urgency to see what Suzi would be parading her glorious body in. My eyes almost jumped out of their sockets!
Suzi was siting cross legged on a barstool, her long smooth tanned legs, stretched and toned with a pair of see through stripper platform stilettos that fastened with a wide ankle strap. She was sitting there smiling seductively, wearing a skin tight black leather look dress with the side panels in a see through black material. These panels were displaying most of Suzi with a fantastic view of her huge firm side boobs. She gave a very warm welcoming smile as she climbed down from the barstool and held out her arms, inviting me closer to her sensual body. I placed both hands around her tiny waist, feeling the soft skintight see through panels of her dress, as she pressed her huge firm breasts into my chest. My hands snaked across the thin leather of her dress and cupped her perfect buttocks. I gave her magnificent orbs a gentle squeeze as she brushed her full soft lips across mine. The tip of her tongue slid inside my mouth, exploring my tongue, as she pressed her mouth on to mine with a full blown passionate kiss. My cock was rock hard and pushing against Suzi's mound, her dress having moved up when her arms went around my neck.
Even through my trousers I could feel the delectable heat from her shaved slit. Suzi rocked her hips back and forth, gently pressing her mound in to my swollen crotch. Suzi's dress was struggling to cover her ass, as my fingertips felt the smooth soft flesh of her tanned buttocks. I began to brush my fingertips along the magnificent curves of her buttocks until my fingers were occupying the crack of her naked ass. I slid my fingers into the crack of her ass, cupping her cheeks and spread her delectable ass.
Suzi broke from our kiss, smiling at James.
"He really wants to fuck me tonight!" She exclaimed, smiling arrogantly "His cock is so hard and pushing against my cunt!"
"I always want to fuck you, you cheating horny slut!" I retorted.
"You know me so well!" She giggled, stroking the bulge in my trousers.
I heard James groan, a sure sign that he was enjoying the spectacle of his cheating slut wife rubbing my cock.
"I want you inside me!" She whispered, but loud enough for James to hear.
Suzi began to unbuckle my belt, letting my trouser fall to the floor. Easing her hands into the waistband of my boxer shorts, she dispersed with them promptly, letting them join my trousers around my ankles. My erect cock sprung forward as Suzi grabbed the shaft and began to stroke my length slowly. I unbuttoned my shirt as Suzi began to kiss my neck and chest, running the tip of her tongue softly over my flesh. I removed my shirt and stepped out of my trousers. I kicked my shoes off, leaving me standing in only my socks. I bent over and quickly removed the socks leaving me standing naked before a fully clothed Suzi and James. Suzi eased the hem of her tight sexy dress up a smidgeon allowing her shaved pussy to be accessed. Still striking my cock she placed the head at her shaved slit and began to gyrate her hips, pleasuring her excited pussy.
"I really want this inside me!" She whispered hoarsely, again loud enough for James to hear.
"This cock pleasures me more than any other cock!" She continued, adding a little humiliation to her husband.
I pushed forward unexpectedly as my cock slid inside her tight shaved pussy. Suzi let out a loud moan and wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling my face close to hers and kissed me passionately. Her tongue was wriggling like a nest of snakes in my mouth as her moans resonated inside my mouth. With my cock still inside her I eased her toward the bar counter, lifting her onto the bar and began to slam my cock in and out of her forcibly. Suzi responded instantly, thrashing against my pubic bone, grinding her tight pussy on my cock. The moans of pleasure were echoing around the room as she began to pant passionately.
"Fuck me Neil!" She moaned, repeating the phrase with every thrust.
James had removed his cock and was frantically rubbing his length in unison to my thrusts.
Suzi became more vocal as my cock took her pleasure to orgasmic.
"Fuck me Neil!" She panted "Make me come!"
I placed both hands on her tight dress and eased it over her incredibly sexy body. Her breasts came into view making my already hard cock even harder. The dress was moved over her head and flung across the room. Suzi was naked apart from her high heels, thrusting her magnificent pussy on to my cock. I lifted her off the bar counter, her legs wrapped around my waist, and sat on a barstool allowing her to ride me. Suzi took up the challenge and began to ride my cock like the expert slut she was. I was cupping the cheeks of her ass, feeling the frantic movement of her hips, gyrating on my hard cock. I pulled Suzi's cheeks wide exposing her tight pink puckered ring.
I looked over at James and said.
"Fuck her ass!"
James didn't need to be told twice, positioning himself behind his unfaithful wife, as he slowly slid the length of his cock deep inside his wife's colon.
"Fucking yes!" Suzi screamed as the pleasure of two cocks kicked her libido up a notch.
"Fuck me guys! Give me your spunk!" She cried almost sobbing with passion.
"James you'll have to spunk in a tissue as this slut is only getting my spunk tonight!" I said in an authoritative tone.
Suzi squirmed at my alpha male attitude, with James just nodding in agreement. I didn't realise how much this thrilled James, when I felt his cock withdraw from her ass, just in time to empty his load into his handkerchief. Suzi smiled at me, riding my cock expertly and said.
"I love your cock inside me!" Just as James was emptying the last spurt of spunk into his handkerchief.
"Now I have a real cock inside me, make me come!" Suzi said tormenting her husband.
I placed my finger on her clitoris and pressed firmly on her excited button. Suzi's thrusting became more aggressive as she actively chased her orgasm. Her breathing quickened as her eyes rolled, her orgasm taking over her entire being. I could feel the walls of her tight pussy oscillating, as the pleasure of her orgasm drove through her.
"Fuck! Fuck! Yes!" She kept repeating, enjoying every pleasurable moment of her powerful orgasm. Her movement began to slow down as her orgasm began to wane. The smile of sexual contentment on her face was one of the most erotic sights I'd ever witnessed. The fact that I was still inside her incredible pussy, looking at the vision of her delectable, obviously helped, but something about her post orgasmic smile I found very arousing.
James was standing at the side of us as his wife slowly rode my cock.
"I want a few pictures of you in that dress you were wearing earlier!" I smiled.
"Thought you would!" James smiled "That's why I've already took a few. I'll send them to your phone!"
Suzi's soft lips grazed against my own as she gently ran the tip of her tongue on my lips and teeth.
"James, take a few pics of him fucking me!" She purred "Take a video also!"
James pulled his phone out of his pocket and pointed it towards Suzi and I.
Flashes of light burst around the room as he photographed his slut wife being fucked by a different cock. Suzi was turning her head to the camera, making orgasmic faces for the lens, holding her huge firm breasts as James clicked away.
"Do a video now!" Suzi panted, obviously aroused from her exhibitionist posing.
James moved the phone to video mode and began to film Suzi and I.
Suzi played up to the camera and began to exaggerate her hip thrusting, fucking my cock with wild abandon. The thrill of exhibitionism was strong with Suzi as she began to orgasm once more.
"Fuck me! I'm coming!" She panted "This cock is so good!"
James smiled leeringly, recording his wife being fucked by another man.
"Oh James his cock is so much better than yours!" Suzi panted, tormenting James as her orgasm swept through her. She thrust and ground her pussy on my cock, licking my neck and earlobes, as her warm panting breath excited my erogenous zones.
"I'm a slut for this cock!" She panted "Spunk on my face and treat me like a whore!"
I was on the first stage of orgasm when I lifted her off my cock. Suzi knelt on the floor and held my shining wet cock at the base, placing her bottom lip beneath the head of my cock.
The first spurt of spunk flew inside Suzi's mouth, coating her tongue and throat in my spicy seed. She closed her mouth around my cock and began to swallow every spurt of my creamy white come. James looked on with relish, as his wife feasted on my sperm. Every single drop was swallowed and swimming its way to her stomach. Removing my cock from her mouth, she stood up in all her naked glory and walked over to James. She pulled James toward and planted her mouth over his, kissing him passionately with her cum coated mouth. James and Suzi were moaning ecstatically as the thrill of my spunk seemed to pleasure the both of them. I found this scenario strangely erotic, making my cock stay in a state of semi erection.
Suzi broke the kiss and smiled at James.
"Tastes good doesn't it!" Then laughed at her humiliated husband.
James nodded his head subserviently as Suzi relished in his discomfort. Turning to me she smiled and said.
"James likes the taste of cock on my lips!" As her husband squirmed with arousal and humiliation.
Suzi knelt in front of me once more, turning her head to James she smiled.
"Watch what I do to him that I'll never do to you!" She taunted.
Suzi slipped the head of my ever hardening cock between her lips and began to lick and suck my swollen glans with relish. Her long taloned nails were gently scraping along my hanging testicles as she continued with her perfect blowjob. She ran her tongue from the tip of my cock all the way to my balls, licking each ball lovingly.
Suzi gently nibbled the wrinkled flesh of excited scrotum, sucking my balls into her mouth. With a twist of her body, her lips and tongue were stimulating the flesh of my Perineum.
Her soft snakelike tongue stretched out and licked the rim of my asshole. The tingling tickling sensation was incredible. My cock hardened to full mast as her tongue wriggled around my sensitive rim. Her lips had covered my puckered ring when I felt the tip of her tongue push inside my sphincter. Her right hand was stroking the length of my shaft as she pushed her tongue deeper inside my asshole. Suzi lapped at my asshole for at least ten minutes, which aroused and humiliated her husband, whilst pleasuring me immensely. She withdrew her warm tongue from my asshole and began to lick and kiss my balls once more. Suzi slithered her tongue along the length of my shaft, eventually enveloping my cock inside her mouth once more. The suction of her closed mouth and sexual gymnastics her tongue was performing were mind blowing. James looked on mesmerised as his wife sucked my cock as though it was the last cock she'd ever suck.
Suzi withdrew my cock from her mouth, still holding the shaft, she looked up and smiled.
"I need this inside me again!" She giggled "James knows it makes me come better than his!" She added for a little extra humiliation.
James stared open mouthed at his slut wife worshipping another mans cock. His voyeuristic and masochistic needs were being met accordingly.
Suzi looked over at James as she stood up and bent over.
"He's going to fuck me from behind and I'll tell you what his cock feels like inside me, then he'll fuck my ass and leave his spunk inside my colon!" She stated enjoying her taunting and tormenting.
James nodded his head subserviently, as Suzi pushed her buttocks toward my hard cock. The head of my cock slipped inside her soaking wet pussy with consummate ease. Suzi groaned in ecstasy as my cock filled her tight hole.
"Oh fuck James. It's deep inside me and so hard!" She panted.
I began to slide it in and out of her slowly at first, so James could see the glistening juices of his wife's pleasure, shining on my hard shaft.
Her pussylips were being pushed in with every thrust and being drawn out, almost kissing my cock with every out stroke.
"Look how good he fucks me!" Suzi said, holding her large firm breasts.
I winked at James, licked my index finger and stroked it around the rim of her tight asshole. Suzi squirmed with delight as my finger tickled her puckered ring.
"He's going to finger my ass James and treat me like a whore!" She moaned.
James just stared, watching his wife betray their marriage vows right before his eyes.
I looked down at Suzi's perfect asshole and spat on the pink puckered ring. Suzi groaned and squirmed as James let out a deep groan.
"Yes please. Fuck my ass and make me your slut!" Suzi said almost begging.
I withdrew my glistening cock and slapped it on her rosebud, just about to slide my length inside her asshole. Suzi placed her hands on her buttocks and spread her cheeks wide, opening up her asshole for me.
"He's going to fuck me up the ass!" Suzi smiled, holding her ass wide open.
I nudged the head of cock past her sphincter as snapped tight on my shaft, sliding my cock slowly inside her amazing asshole.
"Oh fuck that's good!" Suzi growled, taking my length deep in her asshole.
I looked down at her tight sphincter, gripping the shaft of my cock as it slid in and out of her wonderful asshole.
"Look at how much of a slut your wife is!" Suzi smiled.
"You look perfect babe!" James consoled her.
"This feels fucking perfect!" Suzi replied "Lick my cunt while he fucks my ass!" Suzi ordered.
James obediently knelt in front of Suzi and began to lap at her smooth shaved cunt. His tongue was wriggling along the smooth crack of her pussy, tantalising her sensitive pussylips and arousing her blood engorged clitoris.
"I'm fucking coming!" Suzi yelled, as a gush of female ejaculate coated James' face.
James continued licking Suzi's pussy as I announced I was about to come.
"Spunk inside my asshole!" Suzi bark almost ordering to fill her anus.
The first powerful spurt of semen gushed from my hard cock, splashing the walls of her anal cavity. Spurt after spurt flooded the inside of her rectum as my orgasm continued. My cock was now drained but still experiencing orgasmic sensations as Suzi moaned her way through another orgasm. For the sake of my own sanity I had to withdraw my cock from her asshole as a thick dolly of spunk tricked out of her and ran down her beautiful crack. James was still busy licking her cunt as my spunk trickled in to his mouth. He continued licking her pussy as most of my orgasm filtered it's way toward her pussy and finally into James mouth.
Suzi held James head, almost washing her pussy with his face as he lapped up mine and Suzi's orgasms.
Suzi looked back at me smiling and said.
"When you've finished James, bring me and Neil a drink to our bedroom where he'll fuck me once more, then I'll shout for you to clean it up!"
Who was I to argue with that!