I woke Saturday morning about 7:30. I hit the head and did my morning business. Still naked I went to the kitchen and got coffee started. I looked up to see Sally standing in the hallway, naked.
"I want my morning wood, please, sir" she said pretending like she was begging with her hands folded together in front of her and laughing.
I was almost on a trot to get to her and ushered her back into the bedroom. "Be careful what you ask for, little girl. You may just get it." My dick was already hard.
"I certainly hope so."
With that I shoved her to fall on the bed and I slipped up between her long and tanned legs and buried my cock deep in her cunt with one swift motion. It was already sloppy wet.
She moaned deeply then laughed. All of a sudden she gave me her first orgasm. It was sudden and long and it was loud. A few minutes later she screamed at the top of her lungs, "Fuck me you bastard. Fuck me hard. Fuck me fast." So I did. She came 6, maybe 8 times before I shot my wad in her pussy as deep as I could.
After a minute or so of resting, I went to get coffee and told her to stay put. I brought her breakfast in bed. I fed her with my hands and we ate off the same tray, sausage and pancakes and coffee. While she just sat there with a certain glow and satisfied look. She licked my fingers oh so seductively.
After breakfast we took the four wheelers out and then went for a swim. She swam over to me at one point and just cuddled up to me with her back to me as I leaned against the side. I wrapped my arms around her just below her breasts and lay my chin on her shoulder. We were in that position for a good little while.
"You about ready for lunch?" I whispered.
"In a few minutes. I want to stay like this for a while longer."
I said nothing and enjoyed it as well. We were almost perfectly still. I reflected on our times together since we met that first lust filled evening. It was an amazing journey to be sure. I've had a lot of women in my life, but not one that was as sexual and comfortable in her sexuality as Sally. She is an amazing woman. She stirred a little and said she was getting hungry.
We went in and got dressed. She had on blue high heel knee high boots, a matching blue belt, a red skirt that came down to mid thigh and spread out just a bit like a school girl uniform. Her thin white t-shirt was cropped at the bottom and at the neckline and came down just below her ample breasts enough to cover them if she didn't reach up and showed enough cleavage that should be illegal. When she reached over her head you could see a lot, I mean a lot, of underboob. Almost up to her nipples. I knew she never wears panties and my cock started stirring and complaining that we didn't have time to fuck or at least a quickie or a blowjob. I retrieved a Texas flag themed do rag and helped her tie it in the back. We left.
--------
On the way she kept pulling down on her shirt as it blew up over her ample breasts. She finally gave up and let the thing ride up to around her neck. Several cars honked and waved as we passed. More than a few bikes turned around to catch up. She just smiled as they were checking her tits out. They would ride ahead until all the bikes in their group got to see, then slowed down and u-turned behind us to head back in the direction they were going before.
We arrived at Yankee's and parked out front. Sally finally pulled what little shirt she had on back into place. She was amazed at how many bikes were there. She said, "I can't believe you brought me to a biker bar."
"It's not really a biker bar, it's more of a biker restaurant. They've got really great food here. And plenty of guys to show off for. Most are truly very nice people."
She said, "It feels like every man here is staring at me."
"Well, did you expect something different? Let's get started."
"I've never had so many men gawking at me like this before."
"Want to leave?"
"HELL NO!! Just give me a second to calm down, I'm starting to get wet."
We sat for a moment, then she stood up on the foot boards and hiked her leg high over the backrest. Every guy looking that way probably got at least a glimpse of her well trimmed pussy. As did the women.
I got off the bike and locked it up. When I turned around she was reaching for the sky like she was stretching her muscles. Her cropped t-shirt rose to just below her nipples to show plenty of underboob and her skirt rose almost enough to expose her womanhood. I said to myself, "Bullshit, you don't need to stretch anything." But I smiled big, very big. This is what I was after. I saw a small wet spot on the the seat and reached down and ran a finger through it and licked off the moisture. I looked up and she was grinning very broadly. "You taste good, what can I say?" is all I could say.
The place was crowded and we finally found a menu. "The stuffed baked potatoes are very good, along with everything else actually" I told her. We had to wait in line to order and finally found a table.
She dropped her small purse and bent down to pick it up without bending her knees. All eyes in the place were on her. I wondered if any guys, or rather how many, got an eye full of pussy. She was definitely enjoying this, and so was I.
After we sat down, she was facing the guy at the next table that had a perfect view from behind as she bent over. He smiled and lifted his beer in her direction to show his definite approval. He was a very big man with a full beard and tattoos everywhere. She smiled back at him really big and I saw her blush for the first time since I met her. The woman he was with slapped his arm. She had a scowled look on her face. She was very pretty also with tits not quite as big as Sally's.
She left the table and came back with her bra and panties in her hand and slammed them on the table in front of him. Oh, shit. Did Sally just start a fight between these two? After a few cross words she got up and walked away. He followed. The couple that was at the table with them laughed out loud. As she got up I noticed that her shirt was unbuttoned almost to her belly button and was open almost exposing her nipples and her white shorts were very thin and I could see a well defined trace of her dark bush. My dick took notice as well. They finally returned and she had calmed down a bit but not completely.
Yes, he was a big man that looked like he could well take care of himself, but he appeared very upset simply about the fact that she was upset. You could tell he was very much in love with her.
We sat waiting for our order and they finally called us to pick it up. I went to get the food and we ate. Sally had a Miller Lite and I ordered a Corona fully dressed. As we were almost done, Sally dropped some dressing on her shirt that I thought was done on purpose. She stood up and said very loudly, "Damn it. I have to wash this out. Where is the bathroom?" It was pointed out to her by several people and she pulled her shirt over her head and off and carried it with her. Every man in the place let out a huge cheer as she wandered off, and some of the women as well. When she returned her shirt was back on but soaking wet. Everyone could see her light brown nipples proudly on display. My cock was getting hard. I didn't know I could get this hard. I had to shift my dick around to be more comfortable.
She looked at the guy across from her and he again raised his beer towards her in approval. I suppose he couldn't restrain himself. This set his lady friend off again. She was pissed, I mean really pissed. She looked at Sally and said, "Do you think you're the only one in here that has a nice set of tits and a pretty pussy?" She ripped the remainder of the buttons on her shirt off and threw the shirt on the floor. She did have nice tits with very dark brown nipples that were huge and sticking out and I noticed they were very hard. Then she slipped her thumbs in the elastic waistband of her shorts and shoved them to the floor and stepped out of them.
The place was in an uproar and her man was laughing but was trying to hide it from her and still embarrassed a little. She sat back down totally naked. The manager came over and told her that she needed to put her clothes on or he was going to ask her to leave. She refused and he said he would call the police. Then he pointed directly at Sally and said she also needed to keep her clothes on or he'd do the same for her. The woman dressed herself, kind of but not really, and sat back down.
The manager on the PA said, "Ok, listen up folks. Both women have very impressive bodies and I don't know which I'd like to fuck more. But guys and girls, the show is over. If you want to show off, that's fine, but totally undressing will not be allowed. I truly wish we could continue, but this is a restaurant, not a strip joint." Everybody sighed and moaned and I could hear a lot of "damns " and "shits" and "fucks" throughout the place.
We stepped outside after grabbing another beer each and was standing around talking with some folks mostly about the show the two women had put on. One guy asked if we were married and we both in unison said, "Hell no." He asked if she would go riding with him sometime. She said, "Uh, uh. I've got what I've been looking for right here and I ain't going to mess that up for a roll in the hay with you or anyone else."
I looked at her with amazement. "She knows I'm fucking her daughter and her daughter's friend now and she won't fuck someone else? Is she trying to tie me down? I'm not wanting any kind of binding relationship. She should know this." My mind was in a tailspin. "I'm gonna have to put a stop to this when we get back."
The other woman walked up and apologized for her behavior and said she really gets jealous when George, her husband, looks at another woman. Sally told her, "Don't worry about all that, dear. He's a man. He's gonna look. Don't you ever look at other men?"
She said she did.
Sally said, "Hell honey, as long as he goes home with you and gives you and only you a good fucking. What does it matter who he looks at or what he sees? He'll probably give you a better fucking after what he saw today. So relax and have some fun. I'll bet you showing off the way you did made him a lot hornier. I know it does James." Then reached over and rubbed my still rock hard cock through my jeans.
The woman looked down and said, "Wow, does it really turn you on that much?"
I laughed, "Well, it was really due to both of you, but even if you hadn't skinned down like you did, my cock would still be just as hard from what Sally did. You have an amazing body. You should show it off more, but only when your husband is around. Never alone."
Her husband walked up and looked Sally in the eyes then dropped them to look down at his wife. " Are you ready to go, Sam?"
After a bit of thought, "Not just yet" she replied. "I want...no, I need to try something."
She looked at Sally, "Your man has seen me totally naked, as has everyone else here I guess. How about my husband gets to see you totally nude? I want to learn to control my jealousy the way you do."
"We can't do it inside or we may wind up in the calaboose. Let's go over here." She pulled Sam's hand and went to where the bikes were parked. She made sure George and Sam both had a spot right next to her. A crowd gathered before we even stopped walking. She leaned against someone's bike and took off her boots. Then she shunned her shirt and her skirt. George had a ringside seat. She climbed on top of the bike and stood up to show everyone within sight. I could tell her pussy was pretty wet by this time. She spun around as I held the bike and she almost fell. One guy grabbed her arm to keep her from falling, but another reached for her pussy. I quickly grabbed his wrist pushing on a pressure point with my thumb that made his hand go limp as a wet noodle and said, "Look all you want, but don't touch." He withdrew his arm without protest. Sally climbed down, got dressed while asking Sam how she was doing.
"I'm really quite ok with it, I guess. You were right, men look and women look, nothing to get upset about. I've still got a ways to go to completely get over it, but I think I'll be ok."
Sally said, "Look, it's ok for both of you to do some window shopping. But neither of you can ever buy anything. Well, not without the other's permission anyway."
I looked down to see a few wet spots on the seat and thought, "I wonder if this guy knows how lucky he is."
When we returned home I explained that she really shouldn't touch a bike that she didn't know the owner of. Some people get really upset about it. She smiled, "Oh, I guess I need to learn some biker etiquette if I'm gonna be a biker chick."
"Hmmmmm, not sure how to take that." I asked her, "Sally, what is it you expect out of me?"
"Just some good raunchy sex, you know, a good fucking occasionally, why?"
"A couple of statements you made today made me think maybe you were looking for some type of relationship that I'm not sure I'm ready for. Quite frankly, I'm not sure I'll ever be ready for."
"I'm not trying to corral you into anything you don't want, although I may not be opposed to something like that later, because I know you're not ready for that, and honestly, neither am I."
"We can have a very sexual and actually very loving relationship. Just please don't get too pushy. And never lie to me, even if it's about fucking someone else. Will you please do that for me?"
"I'll try to be more mindful of what I say in the future and I will never, ever lie to you about anything. I certainly didn't want you to think I was wanting to force anything." She got that look in her eyes and after a short pause, "Now, what to do with the rest of the day?" As she pulled her shirt off and dropped her skirt to the floor, leaving her knee high, high heeled boots on.
I carried her to the bedroom and we were lost in lust once again. Her boot heels were digging into my ass cheeks and it took me back to the first evening we met. "Damn, I hope she never leaves...Did I really just think that?"