Steve and I climbed out of the car, with our lips still brushing each others. Standing on our drive way, I was wearing only my high heels, PVC Waspie, quarter cup bra and black seamed stockings, which now had a little splash of spunk mid thigh. Steve's semi erect cock was limply hanging from his flies as we kissed passionately, whilst hubby's shaking hand tried nervously to open our front door. As the door swung open Hubby switched on the hallway lights which lit up our drive way, exposing Steve and my almost naked body to the whole neighborhood. We stepped inside the hallway as Hubby closed the front door then dashed upstairs. I've no idea why he rushed upstairs, so Steve and I walked into the lounge, still exploring each other's mouths with our salacious tongues. I guided Steve to one of our high backed chairs and indicated to him to sit.
I turned on the music system and some grinding drum and bass music filled the audible space of our lounge. I began to dance for my guest, rotating my hips and pushing my shaved pussy back and forth. Holding my pierced nipples, I tugged on the erect flesh, smiling at Steve. Hubby burst through the door holding a Video camera, Tripod and a Canon digital camera. Positioning the Video on the tripod he switched the camera to record, pointing the lens directly at me as I continued to tease my small audience. I walked over to Steve and straddled his thighs. He'd removed his trousers completely, sitting on my chair wearing only a shirt which was completely unbuttoned. His strong Pecs and chiseled six pack were evident as I drooled at the sight of his masculine tight body. Removing the shirt from his torso, I kissed his neck gently, running my tongue up toward his ear. Whispering softly I said.
"I want feel you inside me!" as I licked his earlobe, nibbling the soft flesh gently.
Steve held my waist as he pushed his hard cock toward my very wet opening. The tip of his cock invaded my pussylips as he whispered loud enough for the camera to pick up.
"I've always wanted to fuck you and always hoped you would be such a slut, but I never imagined how much of a slut you would be!" he continued "Whatever God you believe in, could never have made this body, as this is definitely made for sin and I'm about to do so many sinful things to this slut!"
I groaned with delight at his fabulous speech, while his cock slid slowly inside my hungry cunt. As the full length wonderfully impaled me, I moaned loudly.
"Oh fuck! Fill me with your cock!" I sighed with half closed lustful eyes. I turned my head to look at my husband who was controlling the camera with one hand, whilst the other slowly stroked his huge erection.
"Oh babe this cock inside me feels fucking awesome!" I moaned with lustful passion, rocking my pelvis back and forth on Steve's huge cock.
"It looks fucking awesome!" said hubby as he flicked on the huge TV screen in our lounge, as my ass sliding back and forth on Steve's lap came on the screen. The camera zoomed out showing Steve's finger making its way into my ass. I leant toward Steve just enough to allow the camera to catch Steve's cock sliding in and out of my stretched shaved pussy.
"Take my cock you cheating slut!" Steve growled for the camera.
I groaned with delight as I watched Steve's cock plunder my unfaithful pussy while hubby stroked his cock in unison.
"Are you enjoying watching your hot wife get fucked like some cheap slut?" I asked.
Hubby replied.
"Fuck yeah! We should have had you getting other cocks inside you years ago. You look fucking fantastic taking someone else's cock!" He smiled, still stroking his hard cock.
I decided to turn up the heat.
"You don't know, but earlier tonight in the disabled toilets, a guy fucked my shaved pussy then fucked my ass! He came in my mouth and I swallowed the lot!" I confessed "But that won't be the end of it. I will fuck Steve again, sometimes with you in the room and sometimes just me and him or maybe me and a few of his friends, but he will fuck me again and every hole is his too do with as he wishes. And from now on when we go to the dance club I will dance and let the guys have a little play with my pussy and I will bring one or two home to fuck me and you can watch! Whatever I do you will always know about it either during or after, but I will always let you know!" I panted, feeling Steve's cock hit my cervix as I ground down on his hot pulsing flesh.
Hubby nodded in agreement at my new conditions as he began to remove all of his clothes.
"You won't regret this babe. I'll always come home to you, but I love cock and love what it does to me! Now come over here and fuck my ass!" I exclaimed "DP me like some cheap porno slut!"
Hubby willingly obeyed as he positioned himself directly behind me. I felt the tip of his cock at the puckered ring of my ass. He gently nudged his cock forward as my ring opened and grasped onto his invading cock head. With one lunge, he pushed his huge hard length straight up my asshole. The tremendous sensations of two cocks filling both of my holes sent me wild with desire as the most unbelievable orgasm pulsed through what felt like my entire body. Riding both cocks, I began to tremble as my orgasm intensified from the thrusting cock meat attacking my pussy and ass. If I felt like a slut before, then the feeling I was experiencing right now, was a whole new level of slutdom.
A cock in each of my tight holes, whilst wearing sexy Shocking Pink PVC Waspie, quarter cup bra exposing my erect pierced nipples and my cum stained seamed black stockings with my husband's cock deep in my ass and his friend Steve deliciously stretching my shaved pussy with his big veined cock. My orgasm surged through me, as pussy ejaculation burst out of my cunt. Soaking Steve's cock in my female creamy fluid, I rode both cocks ferociously, begging to be fucked and filled with hot cum!
Steve looked over my shoulder at husband ploughing away at my stinging ass.
"Do you want me to cum inside the slut or plaster her face with man fat?" Steve smiled.
They both laughed loudly, still fucking their private little slut as my husband said in a rather menacing tone.
"Fuck it! Cum all over the filthy sluts face!" he snarled which I found to be very arousing indeed.
"Cum in my mouth!" I screamed as another orgasm tore through me.
Hubby said in a stammering and panting voice.
"I'm coming inside the Bitches ass!" and unleashed spurt after spurt of hot thick spunk, deep inside my well fucked ass. Waiting for the last thrusts of hubby's cock, Steve tapped my head and said.
"Jump off my cock slut. I'm going to cum all over your cheating face!"
I jumped off Steve's cock, aroused like I've never experienced and sunk to my knees awaiting the onslaught of his white juice. The first spurt splashed across my lips and cheeks as Steve almost yelled.
"Take my spunk you dirty whore!"
I clamped my mouth over his exploding cock, as I swallowed spurt after spurt, violently gushing out of his rock hard cock. With my knees on the floor and legs wide open, my husband's spunk started to run out of my well fucked. Swallowing Steve's colossal load, with my ass dripping cum, I'd never felt so slutty or fantastic. This is what I was meant to be. A cock crazy filthy cum-slut whore!
My body was tingling all over at the extreme sexual arousal I was feeling. I was hungry for more cock in any hole of their choosing, so strong was my sexual arousal. I looked at my husband as he stared in disbelief at what we had both just endured. I don't think that my love for him had ever been stronger; and that he had encouraged me to live my strong sexual desires warmed my heart. I knew from this moment on our lives had changed and this scenario would be repeated in future. Panting like a bitch in heat, I released Steve's cock from my mouth as a strand of saliva and spunk, strung from his cock end and my lips. Steve laughed at the liquid strand and said.
"So you didn't swallow all of my spunk!"
Hubby knelt down beside me, looking into my lust crazed eyes, he placed his hand on my lips and wrapped the saliva strand around his finger, scooping all of the shiny goo in his hand and fed me the saliva spunk concoction very delicately.
I licked the sexual fluid from his hand, with slow deliberate strokes of my tongue. Once all of the sex fluid was in my mouth, I sucked hubby's fingers clean, maintaining eye contact throughout. As he removed his finger from my mouth, I mouthed the words "I love you" to him. He smiled at me lovingly, holding my Waspie cinched waist, he pulled me close to him and kissed me with the most passionate kiss we had ever felt. Our tongues were delving into each other's mouths as our lustful breathing became heavier. I pushed hubby back onto the floor and straddled his thighs. His cock was bolt upright, sporting a blue steel erection. I held the base of his cock and slid my pussy down the hard shaft of my husband's cock. Steve stood by watching my husband and I make love frantically.
"Do you guys want some time alone?" he asked softly.
Hubby turned to him, to find Steve stroking his still hard cock.
"Stick that up the bitch's asshole!" Hubby laughed.
I fucked my husband like I've never fucked him before as Steve gently slid his cock inside my tight ring to double penetrate me for the second time tonight. I gave my body and soul to my husband and my new lover, experiencing sexual sensations I never thought possible. I was used and abused like the slut I've become, feeling pleasure I've desired for years. The guys fucked me in every hole, ejaculating in every crevice possible. We all fucked like this for the next thirty minutes till all parties felt siated. Hubby and Steve grabbed towels and wiped my body and holes of all body fluids. I lay there as they cleaned my body in the greatest afterglow I'd ever known. This was how I wanted and needed to be fulfilled sexually. Hubby showed no signs of jealousy, but a strange swell of pride at his new found sexy slut wife. Steve told us both that our new lifestyle would bring us endless hours of sexual pleasure as long as we were honest with each other. Steve left a few minutes after that, but we arranged another slut fuck session later in the week, where I will dress like a cheap hooker for my two lovers and they will defile and use my body for their own and inevitably my sexual gratification.
Hubby and I are looking forward to what adventures we can encounter and how many sexual avenues we can explore. This slut was obviously born to tease!
Part Five will follow...