She walked into the changing room with the most beautiful dress she had ever seen and hoped so much it would fit. The male assistant had been so helpful and courteous in helping her choose this dress and it was prefect.
She hung the dress up and started to unzip her own. She was so excited about finding the dress. She had been looking for it for nearly six months and that wonderful young man had spent almost an hour finding it. She trembled as she undressed almost overcome with excitement.
Her black dress fell to the floor and she stood in her black lacy underwear that she wanted to wear with the dress. She stood for a few seconds looking at herself in the mirror. All she had left on were her killer heels – no man or woman could resist then. 4" black Italian leather stilettos, Black silk stockings with the most sexist seam and thigh band she'd seen. Her see through black panties and bra barely did their job.
The male assistant had left the customer to try the dress on as he had to serve another customer but she had looked and left so he moved his way back towards the changing room to see if the other customer needed any assistance. As he approached the changing room he saw something that made his cock stir. The curtain to the changing room had not been closed completely and through the gap he could the woman semi naked pulling down her dress and revealing her black underwear.
His cock began to harden as he watched her undress. She picked the silky blue dress off the hook and slipped it over her curvy body. The dress fitted perfectly and she quietly squealed to herself with excitement as she realised how good she looked.
She admired herself for a while then sat down. She was so excited because she had found her dress.
The young assistant had watched her try on the dress. His cock grew hard as she stood again, unzipped the dress and allowed it to drop to the floor so once again she stood in her black underwear. She bent over to pick the dress up and hung it up. The assistant caught a view of her ass as she did. The black panties she worn had ridden up between her cheeks and it looked as though she wasn't wearing any. Her ass and hips were full and rounded but firm. His cock was almost bursting out of his trousers and with what he saw next he had to relieve himself.
She too had noticed a couple of things as she stood there. She glanced in the mirror and saw that her excitement was physical too. She could see through her bra and on the ends of her large breasts her nipples were fully erect and virtually pushing through her bra. She also noticed that her panties were wedged between her cheeks and she moved her hand round her back and hooked finger through the material at the top of her ass and moved it down slowly pulling the material free. As she got to the gusset her finger gentle brushed her pussy. Her lips felt swollen and wet. The excitement had spread and she moved her hand once again, this time to the front of her panties and slipped it inside them.
Her hand came in contact with her lips again and this time she forced her middle finger between then. It slid in into her hot soaked pussy with ease. She sighed as her finger buried itself inside then withdrew it and replaced one with two. She'd never been so wet and without a moment's hesitation for where she was began to wank herself harder.
Maybe it was the thought that any minute she might be caught that was exciting even more.
All the time this had been happening her 'assistant' had been watching and it had all become too much for him. He had taken leave of his senses, well all but one and taken his erection from his trousers. While she had removed the dress and began to explore herself, he had moved to within inches of the gap and began to wank himself at the sight that unfolded. He could not help but stroke his long, thick cock faster and faster as he stared at her fingering herself.
She then stopped and took her hand from her panties. He froze. In one swift movement she slipped her panties off and through them to one side and returned her fingers to her soaked pussy. Her wanking became more vociferous as she watched herself in the mirror and her legs began to shake. She knew she was near to orgasm. He to sensed this and pumped his cock as hard as he could oblivious to his surroundings.
She came hard, biting her lip to stop her screams. At the same time he released his cum. His first shot flew through the gap in the curtains and to his horror hit the back of her leg directly on the seam of her stocking. His second, third and fourth were not as powerful and landed on the floor of the changing room. She was so engrossed in her own orgasm she didn't notice that his cum had hit her and was running down the seam of her stocking. In panic he pushed his oozing cock back into his trousers and flushed went back into the main area of the shop.
As her orgasm subsided she regained her composure and once steady on her feet put her own dress on and left the changing room, the redness in her cheeks still visible.
'Everything ok?' asked the assistant as she walked towards him.
She looked at him and smiled 'Oh yes, wonderful. The dress is orgasmic. Thank you.' As she looked at him she noticed two things, firstly the bulge of his semi erect cock and a dark stain in his trousers.
'Could you please get the dress and wrap it for me? I left it in the changing room,' she asked. The smile on her face had broadened.
'Yes of course,' he said struggling to walk due to his cock still being hard.
He got to the changing room and picked the dress for the hook. Then noticed two things, the cum that her had shot of the floor had gone and she had left her panties behind. He picked up the panties and pushed then into his pocket and walked back to the counter uncomfortably.
'I haven't left anything have I?' she enquired. 'No nothing,' he replied.
'Good' she said.
He wrapped the dress as she watched him and felt uneasy. She handed over her card and as he processed it, he noticed her straightening the seam of the stocking his cum had unloaded on. As her passed the card back to her he said, 'Thank you and please cum again.'
She replied 'Oh indeed I will be cumming again very soon.' As she did she placed her hand to her mouth and licked it.
Then said 'Hope you'll be here to service me again!' and with that left the shop laughing to herself.