With the ice broken from her initial foray on the porch, Lisa was both excited and nervous at the thought of further experimenting.
She would mention what occurred, almost daily, often provoking a smile from me. It was like a kid who got exactly what they wanted for Christmas and wants to make sure you remember that fact.
After 2 weeks, she decided she was willing to try something else, whether it was the same thing again, or taking it further, should she decide on a partner.
Her 2 main concerns were finding someone who fit some basic qualifications: tall, average or above endowed, groomed, clean, and able to follow rules and or instruction and, most importantly, finding someone who was ok with me being there.
She decided to test the Myspace waters and didn't care for it much, although she was absolutely astonished at how many people seemed to find the idea of fucking a busty housewife in front of her husband erotic.
She tried the Craigslist waters and found the responses more to her liking.
She flipped from being Gung Ho to submissive as she did previously, and decided that she wanted me to select someone for her.
She wanted me to go over the screening process, the rules, etc, and to set a meet up. She said that with all of that pressure off, that she would be much more able to anticipate and, hopefully, enjoy.
So using her screening process, I had to come up with a post for the two of us, which ended up being a general description of her, clothed pic from the neck down, and a general idea both of what we were looking for, and what we planned on doing. Over time, I typed the following more times than I can remember: 31yo white female, married, 5'7 155, brown brown, 38ddd natural.
As you can imagine, I was inundated with responses. After deleting the "I'm ready give me your address!" responses, I settled on one. He seemed literate, normal, middle of the road attractive, fit, adequate in other areas, and was an exhibitionist.
The rules, once again which I had to type endlessly: be clean and presentable, polite at all times, protection is required without exception, understand that your pleasure is behind her pleasure, listen to suggestion and or instruction, no rough stuff, ask permission if you want something different, and remember, the better you are, the better she will be.
After going over all that, I asked him (and used this method in the future as well) to describe what he would ideally like to happen. Not only does it test literacy, but you get to see if someone will be a good fit.
When it was almost ready to be set up, she decided she wanted to blindfolded. And yes, it was that abrupt. Her reasoning was that without one she would be concentrating too much on what I was doing to enjoy herself fully. It would also, she said, keep her from being distracted if there was one small thing that bothered her about how the person looked. It would also allow her to feel more like I was in control, as well as tie into a fantasy she had of being a piece of meat, used for pleasure. Which was the first I had heard of it, but wasn't opposed.
So it was all set up, date, time, and we got ready. She bought an outfit for the occasion, a plain white v neck T-shirt that was about 2 sizes too small, shortish plaid skirt, thigh high fishnet stockings with no shoes, nothing underneath anything. The meeting was for 8, she was ready by 7 and nervous as hell, chain smoking.
At 8:15, still nothing. 8:30, still nothing.  she was crushed. I felt horrible, imagining that she must feel like somehow she wasn't attractive enough for some jerk. She went to change clothes when he knocked at the door. Turned out later that the directions had confused him. He apologized profusely.
She was out of sight and getting herself ready again, putting on the final touches. I brought him into the bedroom and left him while I went to get her by the hand and lead her, as she had blindfolded herself with one of those sleep masks, a light blue one that blocks out everything.
I brought her into the bedroom and left her standing. "Say hello," I said, and she did, leaving him to reply in kind.
He looked to me for some approval and I nodded, motioning towards her while I took a seat in the corner.
He talked as he approached, understanding that since she couldn't see, he needed to identify his position.
"You look lovely," he said, as he approached. He slipped behind her and stood, resting his hands lightly on her hips.
She managed to say "Thank you," but was bouncing on her toes slightly, full of nervous excitement.
"You look tense," he said, "let me take care of that."
She stood there, still bouncing, as he started to rub her shoulders. He kept one hand there and let the other one drop down her back, working her spine. From my vantage point, that hand was invisible, but I imagined it there, and watched his arm move even lower, knowing from Lisa's reaction that his hand had found her ass.
His hands moved, coming to her hips, then up her ribs. They found her breasts with agonizing slowness, agonizing because I was as hard as a rock wanting to see another man enjoying the bounty of her chest.
I was so entranced with watching her chest move that I didn't immediately notice her hands move behind her, didn't notice her unzip him, and didn't notice her stroking him slowly.
He peeled her shirt off, hands immediately returning to her now bare chest. This continued for an eternity that was probably closer to three minutes.
Just as I realized that I had yet to open my mouth to say something since it began, Lisa took that option from me as she spun and dropped to her knees in front of him.
From where I was, I couldn't see what she was doing, couldn't see the actual act. But I could see her head bobbing deeply, could see his hand on her head, and could hear her saliva loose and moving.
"That's it," he said, repeatedly, just saying that over and over in between groans.
He whispered to her to stand up and she did. He led her to the bed and laid her down, spreading her legs in the same motion that he dropped his head between her thighs.
She was on the bed in such a way that her head was lolling off the bed right in front of where i sat. The noises that she made as she came repeatedly were incredible.
It was very obvious that any of her concerns about enjoying herself were gone. He tongued her for the better part of 15 minutes, before stopping, and climbing onto the bed.
He went to her face on his knees, and as she wiggled herself back onto the bed, was greeted with his cock against her lips. She let out a little gasp of surprise, and then opened, allowing him access, and taking all that he offered.
He began to talk to her again, pulling out of her mouth to let her answer, and then immediately pushing back past her lips.
He rested one hand on her breast, squeezing it as he spoke. "You look like you need a good fucking," he said. In the moment she had to respond she said, "Yes."
"You want to fuck me," he said. "You want to feel that cock in you," he said. "Yes," she said.
"Show me," he said. "How," she asked. "Suck that cock like you want it more than anything in the world."
She groaned and did, using her hands to find his ass, pulling him towards her, the seven inches he had to offer slipping fully down her throat, his swollen balls resting on her chin.
"Get on all fours," he said. She did. "The other way," he said, and she crawled in a circle, until she was facing me.
"Want to give your husband a good show don't you?" he asked, giving her ass a playful slap. "Yes," she said.
"I am going to get a condom," he said. "Talk to him," he said, and went to retrieve it from his jeans.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked her. "Oh, baby," she said, "I really am."
"Really," she repeated. "Thank you for letting me do this," she said. "Thank you for letting me watch," I said.
He climbed behind her and wasted no time in slipping in, hitting the ground running at full speed. Her voice came out in clipped syllables, her tits swaying with the motion, nipples so hard that they were threatening to carve the movement into the sheets.
She dropped her face to the bed, leaving her ass up. He reached forward and grabbed her hair, giving her a gentle, if insistent pull until she was on all fours again.
"He wants to see," he said. She managed an "OK" before resorting to just squeals.
When he said he was going to come, she sped her hips up, her ass slamming into him audibly. He pulled out, tore the condom off and unloaded onto her back.
She stayed on all fours as he got dressed, said his good byes and left.
I watched her for a minute, frozen in that position, his come cooling slowly down her spine.
"Well?" she asked.
"Yes?" I said.
"Are you going to come fuck me or what," she said with a smile.
I stood up and undressed, pressing the head of my cock to her lips. "This first," I said, and she rocked back and forth, her tongue working magic.
I watched her suck me, come shining on her back, and wondered what she would want to do next.