Everyone in the story is at least 18 years old, and the story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. This story follows the relationship between John and Laura, first introduced in "New neighbors Pt. 01" in which they meet. Constructive comments are welcomed.
It was Saturday, the day of the big party. Laura had not shared many details of it with John, but there was a flurry of activity this morning.
John woke up at seven to discover his dog, Bo, sleeping next to him. He was expecting to find Laura. This was the first morning in a couple of weeks that he had woken up without her next to him. He heard a lot of noise next door, got up and looked out the window. There were trucks outside labeled, Flo's Florist, Carol's Catering and Patti's Party Rentals.
Bo licked his hand, reminding him it was time to go downstairs to feed him. As the morning fog lifted from his head, he remembered that one of his jobs was to take pictures of Laura's new house, while decorated for the "housewarming/meet the boyfriend" party she was throwing.
John was a little apprehensive about the party. He was being shown off as her new boyfriend to a group of women that Laura was very close to. It felt like a trial of sorts. If her friends didn't like him, he wasn't sure what that would mean.
The other problem was that it was a pool party at which, with Laura's encouragement, most of them were going to be naked. Many of her friends were models or ex-models that Laura had worked with. He had seen pictures of some of them, and they were extremely attractive. John was a little worried how he was going to...react, to nine, naked, beautiful women around the pool. Laura had promised to keep him...in hand, so he wouldn't embarrass himself, but he was not sure if that would be enough. Every time he saw Laura naked in the pool, he certainly reacted. With nine women, he wasn't sure what would happen. There were going to be four guys there too, husbands or boyfriends of the girls. He wondered if they would have the same problem. It would be awful if he was the only man having a problem.
John needed to be at Laura's early to take pictures. He was also the other host. He jumped in the shower and within a minute he needed to "take care of himself."
He dressed, gathered his camera gear, and headed next door. The party didn't start until four o'clock, but Laura warned him that some of the girls would get there early. When he went in, the place was already buzzing with activity. There were florists, and cleaning people all over.
Laura had trays of hors d'oeuvres delivered. She planned on grilling burgers, chicken, and veggies for dinner.
Laura saw him and ran over to kiss him.
"I didn't expect you here so soon." Just that kiss was getting John hard. "I want you to meet Katie. She helped me out at my first professional photo shoot."
Katie gave John a big hug and said, "Hi John, I've heard a lot about you." She turned to Laura and said, "You're right, he is good-looking, and his shoulders and arms feel great. Look at the muscles in those legs! You're lucky you saw him first. They'll be some jealous ladies here today." He was beginning to feel like a piece of meat and the day was just beginning.
John said, "It's great to meet you, Katie." Katie was stunning. Tall and slim with short auburn hair. She was wearing running shoes, cutoff jeans and a t-shirt. She was about Laura's age. John had the feeling that all the women would look this good. Laura and Katie were both dressed in similar outfits. I guess these were their work clothes.
Laura said, "Katie came early to help me set up, and to be the first to get a look at you." Katie smiled.
"I'm I too early for pictures of the house?"
"A little bit for this area, but you can shoot the den, living room, dining room, and upstairs."
"Great, I'll start with those. Then, if you need any more help, I can stick around."
"We need to keep working. The party starts at 4:00, but I'm sure some of the girls will get here early. They're dying of curiosity about you."
John set his camera up in the den and started taking pictures from every angle. Katie poked her head in the door and said, "If you need any help, let me know," before being pulled away by Laura. He moved on to the living room and then the dining room. He didn't have much experience shooting home interiors, so he shot everything twice with different lenses.
He moved upstairs and began with the master bath then her closet. When he got back out to the bedroom, he found Laura stretched out on the bed.
"I wanted to see how you're doing."
He walked over to her and said, "I was doing OK until I saw you on the bed just now."
Laura saw the swelling in his pants. "Jesus John. You're insatiable. Let me take care of that." She led him into the bathroom and grabbed a fluffy towel. She knelt on the towel, pulled down his pants and gave him a quick blowjob. It didn't take him long to come. "Was this from meeting Katie? She's awfully cute."
"No. It's from seeing you on the bed. I can't help it. You're so damn hot, you keep me horny constantly."
"Good answer. Now pull up your pants and finish with the pictures. We'll be ready downstairs soon." Laura got up and left. John felt much better now and finished the bedroom. With all the features it had, it took a while.
He went downstairs and asked if the pool house was ready. It was, so he went out there. He remembered being on the suspended bed with Laura and felt a stirring in his crotch. It was going to be bad if he couldn't control himself better than this. By the time he finished up, it was a little after noon and the sun was straight overhead. Not the ideal time for outdoor pictures. He took a few of the outdoor kitchen, and shower, plus the tables covered with flowers. The rest of the outside would have to wait for another day.
While he was there, he took a few pictures of the caterers setting up and the flowers being arranged. He took a couple of shots of Laura and Katie with their arms around each other, smiling, as well as some candids. They really looked good in those shorts. John asked when they thought they'd be finished decorating and they told him a couple of hours. He had enough time for a short run. That might help him relax.
"What should I wear?" John asked.
Laura said, "Something that's easy to get out of, shorts and a polo shirt maybe, and you probably should bring a robe just in case. You should bring a swimsuit too."
Katie said, "You mean, I should have brought clothes and a swimsuit?"
"If you're not good, John will get all excited," she said, and laughed.
"Very funny," John said. "I'll be back in a little over an hour to finish the pictures."
John picked up Bo and went for a run. A run usually calmed him down, and he really needed to relax.
After his run, John showered and dressed in shorts and a shirt with a pair of deck shoes. He grabbed a terry cloth robe and managed to find an old swimsuit. By the time he got back to Laura's it was three o'clock.
As Laura predicted, more of her friends had arrived early. As soon as he walked in the door, he was descended upon by Laura, Katie and two of their friends, Cynthia and Jackie. Jackie brought her husband Ed with her. Laura did the introductions.
Jackie and Cynthia both met Laura in college. She met Jackie in a history class when she first got to college and stayed friends all the way through. Cynthia was Laura's roommate in college for a while. When Laura started modeling in her Junior year, Laura convinced Cynthia to start modeling for the art department too. She was working as a waitress for extra money. It was a crummy job where she got hit-on constantly by creeps and it paid much less than modeling. Three, one-hour modeling sessions a week at night, paid more than her part-time work at the diner. It was easier and more fun.
They were both breathtaking. They weren't early to help with the set-up, they were here to see the house and meet John. They had already changed into tiny bikinis with thin cover-ups that didn't hide much. Ed was still in the clothes he came in, shorts and a Hawaiian shirt.
The house was ready to go, and all the trucks were gone from the front. John excused himself to take pictures of the downstairs of the house. It wasn't easy, because there always seemed to be a beautiful woman in the shot. He took what he thought was enough pictures and headed out to take his equipment home. Laura stopped him and told him to bring his glamour portfolio over and leave it on the living room table. She wanted to show off his work.
When he got back, the rest of the guests began arriving. Laura introduced each of them to John, but his brain was overloaded. Keeping their names straight was challenging. One of her model friends, Blaire, hadn't brought a date but instead brought her niece, Ashley.
Ashley was almost six feet tall with long red hair and a body that only an eighteen-year-old has. She had done junior modeling and was considering continuing with it as a professional like her aunt. She certainly had the looks and body for it.
Only three of the girls brought dates or husbands. Courtney was married to Rodger. Rodger was a model too, that she met on a swimsuit shoot in the Bahamas. They had a two-year-old baby at home.
Vicky brought a date, Brian. She had been dating him for less than a month.
Bridgette, a friend from school, brought her husband Russell. Russell was not wild about this group of women, thinking they were a bad influence on Bridgette. No one would argue with him.
As soon as everyone had arrived, Laura gave them a tour of the house. Katie had seen it, so she disappeared to change clothes. Five minutes later, John saw her doing some last-minute chores by the pool. She was in a tiny, white bikini. John knew that there was no way it would stay on if she jumped in the water unless it was glued on. He suspected that it would become transparent if it got wet. It was a swimsuit in name only.
When Laura finished giving the tour, she showed everyone the guest house as a place to change. Laura and John went up to her room.
John said, "Did you see the bikini that Katie was in?"
"Not yet. Did you like it?"
"It's very small."
"That's OK, I'm sure it won't be on very long."
"This is going to be a very long day. I think I need some more help." John suggested.
"Again?"
"I watched you change into that little bikini. You know what that does to me."
Laura smiled and had him lie on the bed. She pulled his swimsuit down and started slowly stroking his cock. "What do you think of the girls so far." She felt a pulse in his cock. "You must have really liked Katie's bikini. Can you imagine what she'll look like when she takes it off." He was moaning now as Laura continued to stroke his cock and tease him.
"You know they're going to look better when we get down there. Nine beautiful women and an eighteen-year-old girl will be out there in tiny bikinis." John whimpered again. "I'm afraid it may be hard for you when we first go down. I've don't think they have any bikinis that aren't very skimpy, much skimpier than what I'm wearing. Of course, they could already be naked. I suspect they'll be taking their tops off soon. If we don't get to the pool soon, you may not see the bikinis. Several of the girls asked how long they had to keep their tops on. I told them it was up to them." John moaned. "I'm afraid they may tease you, trying to get a rise out of you, since you're the guest of honor. Once we're out of our suits, they're going to want you out of yours. The other guys will follow your lead and strip after you do."
"The girls without husbands or dates will need to have someone spread sunscreen all over them. Do you think you could help them?" John's hips were moving up to meet her strokes.
Laura was stroking him faster. "Did you see that young girl, Ashley? She certainly is pretty. I guess you wouldn't have anything to say to her, since she's just out of high school, but I bet she fills out a bikini. She'll look even better when she gets naked. I wonder if she's shaved. I bet she is. Are you looking forward to seeing an eighteen-year-old model with a shaved pussy?" John shot his load on his stomach and Laura's hand.
"John, you're welcome to look, but if you touch...well, you wouldn't want to lose what's in my hand right now, would you?"
Laura grabbed a tissue and cleaned John off, then went and washed her hands, "Now that you're a little calmer, let's go," she said.
"You think your talking like that really calmed me down?"
"I tried," she said and smiled. "If you need more 'help,' let me know."
They walked down the circular stairs to the pool. The women were indeed in tiny bikinis and the guys were in board shorts. No one was in the pool yet. Everyone was milling around talking and munching on hors d'oeuvres.
Laura greeted everyone again, dragging John behind her. John had never liked parties and crowds, but since he was the guest of honor and the co-host, he was thrust into the position of being the center of attention. Everyone was very complimentary about the new house, and they were checking John out from head to toe.
No one was swimming so Laura asked John and Katie to go get in the pool so the others would follow. Katie dragged John over to the pool and she stepped in. John dove in. When he surfaced, he saw that he was right about the transparency issue with Katie's bikini.
Katie saw John trying not to look at her tits. She said, "It's OK to look. I know it's see-through when it's wet. That's why I bought it. It's coming off soon anyway." She shook her tits a little for him. Saran wrap would have covered more of her. "The bottoms become transparent too. Want to see?" She floated on her back and John could see everything. "None of the girls care about being naked or if someone looks at them. They like it when people look and would be offended if no one did."
"Laura sent us into the pool first so I could talk to you. She said you were worried about embarrassing yourself by getting an erection." John blushed. "It's a normal human reaction. You're a man surrounded by naked women. If you get hard, no one will mention it. It's a complement for the girls. If you don't get a little hard, it's almost an insult. The guys won't say anything for fear of retribution by the girls."
"The guys, except Rodger, probably won't be brave enough to strip in front of us and will be in awe of you for being so confident. The girls won't give you any trouble. We like seeing hard cocks, and from what I can see, you have absolutely nothing to be ashamed about. If that thing gets hard, all the guys will feel inadequate, and the girls will be jealous of Laura. She explained to us, in words of one syllable, that we were not allowed to touch you intentionally, but I suspect that some may accidently bump into you."
"After a while, you won't notice that everybody is naked. If you're willing to strip in front of nine naked women, then you're one of us."
"I haven't seen Laura this happy since college. You should know that if you break Laura's heart, you'll be in trouble with all of us, and we can be vicious."
"Youreallythink I won't notice that these women are naked? I am a man."
"I noticed right away you were a man," she said looking at his muscular chest. "It won't seem that unusual that they're naked. You don't get hard every time you see Laura naked, do you?"
"Yes."
"She is a lucky woman. Oh, and thank you, Laura told me how much you liked my bikini. Do you like it more now? There are no secrets between the girls."
"Did I make you feel better?" Katie asked.
"I think so."
Katie splashed him with a big scoop of water. He splashed her and one of her boobs popped out. "Oops, look what you did." She said and took off her top, laughing. She splashed him again and quickly swam away. When he caught her, she said, "The rest of the girls will be here in a second."
Vicky noticed them playing and came over to the pool. Vicky jumped in the pool and her top ended up around her neck.
"These suits are useless in the water," she said and took it off. She called over her date, Bryan, and told him to jump in. He didn't want to, and she shrugged and joined Katie splashing John and giggling.
"Not fair, two on one."
"Isn't that what all men want?" Katie said and splashed him some more while giggling.
Hearing all the activity, the rest of the group headed over.
"Hey, you two are topless." Blaire yelled.
"John did it!" Katie shouted. John swam towards her and dunked her.
Cynthia walked over and checked out the pool and said, "That's what kind of party this is. It had to be if Laura was throwing it. She never could keep her top on." Then she jumped in.
Courtney jumped in with Rodger. He was the only other guy to join in. Blaire went over with Ashley, threw her top off and walked down the steps. Ashley didn't.
Laura saw Ashley standing at the edge of the pool, staring. Laura walked over to her and said, "You don't have to take off your top to play, but everyone will be impressed if you do, and you'll feel great about yourself."
Laura pulled the string holding her top on and it fell off. She looked over and saw Ashley do the same. They jumped in together. Her aunt, Blaire, swam over to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek and said, "You're one of us now." Ashley had a giant, proud smile on her face and dunked Blaire.
Jackie and Bridgette had not been models and were not completely comfortable with their bodies. They had gained a little weight since getting married. They whispered back and forth a bit. Then they stood up, told their husbands that if they want to look at boobs, it should include theirs. They dropped their tops facing their husbands and turned around. They walked to the pool, swaying their hips and jumped in.
Vicky got out of the pool for a beer, and it was obvious that her bikini bottoms were useless. She stripped them off, threw them near her top and walked over to the cooler. Her date, Brian, ran over to her with a towel to cover her.
"What's that for?" she said. "We're all friends here."
She grabbed a beer and sat on the edge of the pool. The other girls pulled off their bottoms and tossed them at Vicky. Once the girls were nude, they started whispering to each other.
Ashley swam over to John and looked at him with her big blue eyes. She held her breasts up and asked, "Do you think my breast are too small to be a fashion model?"
Just as he started to answer, he felt a pair of hands on his legs and then his swim trunks disappeared. Laura popped up, held them over her head, smiled and threw them as far as she could. The girls cheered.
Rodger looked over and, just as quickly, Courtney surfaced with his trunks and threw them out. Another cheer rang out. Everyone in the pool was naked.
After things settled down a little, John noticed that Ashley was paying a large amount of attention to him. Wherever he sat, she would appear next to him. She would tell him that she was thirsty, and he'd get out and get her a beer. As he left, she stared at his muscular butt and legs. When he returned, she stared at his big dick.
John asked Laura about Ashley, and she said, "Yeah, she's got a little crush on you right now. You're probably the first adult man she's seen naked in the flesh, and you've got everything a young woman could want and more. She's never been naked in this kind of a situation and she's trying to show off. She's a bit drunk, curious, and horny. Just don't encourage her and stop giving her beer. If I was eighteen with an older man as good-looking as you, I'd be all over you. Wait, Iamall over you. If I were her, I'd try to get you alone."
Ashley got out of the pool and walked slowly by John and Laura before she dove back in. John and Laura looked up at her tall, slender body looming above them. Laura said, "Yeah, don't let her get you alone."
"I may need some more help soon." Laura kissed and hugged him, pressing his cock against her. "That didn't help."
Russell, Ed, and Brian had not been in the pool yet. Bridgette and Jackie went to talk with their husbands. Brian was nowhere around, so Vicky wrapped a towel around herself to go find him. She found him inside by the door and he was fuming.
"This is immoral! Put your clothes on, so we can leave," he yelled. "For god's sake, there's a little girl out there!"
"She's eighteen and a fashion model. And as you saw, she's not that little. I saw you staring at her."
"And what's immoral. Being naked? You don't want to stay because of this?" she yelled and pulled her towel off. "You think this is immoral?" she yelled and started dancing around in front of him. His face was red with rage.
When they first heard the yelling, Rodger and John got out of the pool and went towards the house. They stood back by the patio doors. Vicky yelled, "If you're offended, then get the hell out, but I'm staying. I'm having fun." He started moving towards her but saw John and Rodger behind her.
He yelled, "You're disgusting," and left, slamming the door. Vicky stood there naked, staring at the door. When she turned around, John and Rodger pretended they hadn't seen anything. She said, "I see you there...and thanks." She was crying softly.
They each put an arm around her and went back to the pool. When she told the girls about it, they spoke quietly. I couldn't hear what they were saying, but Brian may regret that outburst.
About that time Bridgette, Russell, Jackie, and Ed came wandering back from the pool house. Russell and Ed decided to join in the fun, but the girls were a bit drunk and wanted to punish them for taking so long. They had Bridgette and Jackie slowly pull down their trunks for them. The girls whistled and hooted like they were at a strip club.
Laura asked how they got them to get in.
"We told them that we wouldn't bring them next time if they didn't behave and join in. I think they like seeing all these naked women. That and we gave them a little private time in the pool house. We mentioned the cove behind the waterfall too."
Katie said to John, "Aren't you glad you got in early?" and poked him in the ribs. John decided he liked Katie.
A few at a time they all got out of the pool. They had all been drinking quite a bit. The men had the cooking and serving duties. No one bothered to put anything on other than flip-flops. The girls sunbathed and ordered drinks from the men. Earlier, Laura had asked Blaire if Ashley could have alcohol. Blaire told her that it would be fine as long as it didn't get out of hand. Neither of them was driving. Ashley was lying propped up on a lounge with big sunglasses on, her breast proudly on display, her legs slightly spread. She requested a vodka tonic from John. He asked her if she was old enough to drink.
She sat, cupped her tits, pushed them up and said, "Don't these make me look old enough?"
"Yes, ma'am, coming up."
Everyone within earshot laughed hysterically.
In addition to their cooking and bartending duties, the girls would ask to have sunblock put on their backs. It was a tough job, but somebody had to do it. Nobody wanted to see them burn.
Each man spread lotion on their wives or girlfriends' backs, but that left several backs in need. The single girls had to ask permission from the paired-up girl to be serviced by her man. It was meant to be good fun. They had all been touching each other in the pool anyway.
John was very thorough when applying sunblock all over Laura's back, butt, and legs.
Katie spoke up next with her request for sunblock applied by John. Laura allowed it. Katie and John had become buds and John felt comfortable with her. He did a slow and thorough job on her with a bit of tickling thrown in.
Ashley asked John for another drink, and while he made it, she asked Laura, "Could I get John to apply sunblock to my back?"
Suddenly there was dead silence. Laura's eyes widened, and she looked at Blaire who shrugged in shock.
Laura threw her hands up and said, "Why not?"
John's eyes widened, and he looked at Laura.
John hesitated and Ashley asked, "Do I need to show you I'm old enough for this too?" as she turned onto her front and settled down on the lounge.
John looked like a deer caught in headlights. He squirted lotion on his hands and started rubbing it into the lovely, pale white skin on her shoulders. Every eye was on John and Ashley. He continued to rub down until he got to the small of her back.
Ashley said in a breathy voice, "Please make sure you get my sides too. We redheads burn easily."
John reached up and rubbed lotion from under her arms down her sides to her hips. She moaned loud enough that everyone heard. John looked at Laura with desperation in his eyes.
To save him, Laura asked, "Are you done, John? I could use another drink."
John said, "No problem, I'm done here."
He quickly got up and asked what she wanted to drink. "It's a special drink. I'll have to show you the things you need to make it."
Ashley said, "But you didn't put sunblock everywhere." John heard a loud slap as Blaire smacked Ashley's bottom.
As they were going inside, Ashley said, "Thank you, John."
They went inside and straight upstairs.
Laura said, "I can't believe that happened."
"YOUcan't believe it! Did you set me up?" Laura started laughing.
"No, I swear. There is no way I could have planned that," she said.
She pushed John on his back and impaled herself on his throbbing cock.
"I can't believe you controlled yourself so well. You barely got any harder," she said as she rode him. "But you're hard now so I guess I'll have to take care of you, again." They both needed relief.
"I had to bite my tongue." He pulled her down and kissed her, and she tasted blood.
"Poor boy. God, that made me horny," she said. "I would have loved to be at a naked pool party with you when I was eighteen." John flipped her over and put her legs over his shoulder and pounded into her. She was yelling with every thrust. John didn't know he could thrust so hard. He finally exploded in her with a roar.
"That's exactly what I would have wanted when I was eighteen." John smacked her on the bottom.
They cleaned up and went back downstairs.
Outside, Katie asked, "Where's your drink?"
"Turns out we didn't have all the ingredients."
"I think a window might be stuck open upstairs." Katie said quietly and smiled. "Sounds like you do nice work, John."
Laura hadn't even checked the windows. Now she was sure they were wide open.
She turned to John and said, "I guess you should start cooking."
Katie whispered to Laura, "Jackie and Ed are in the pool house."
Laura looked over at Ashley and she had passed out.
Blaire walked over to John and said, "I'm so sorry Ashley put you in that position John. I didn't know what to do. She was trying to show off in front of everybody. She's eighteen going on twenty-five and I think she's had more to drink than we thought. Besides, you're a handsome, fit man. Who was she going to ask for, Ed? I was going to ask for your services next. You earned a lot of points for being so nice to her."
"Could I ask you a little bitty favor?" she asked.
"What?"
"Could you carry her inside to the couch? She'll burn out here."
"Laura?"
Blaire said, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought her, but she really wanted to come."
"It's OK." Laura said. "If she's going to be a model, there are things she needs to learn in a safe environment. Like not hitting on another woman's boyfriend or husband. And not drinking too much."
Blaire talked to Laura and Laura said, "John, can you carry her in? Please?"
"Where do you want me to take her...not a word about that sentence! Where would you like me to place her?" Laura and Blaire started laughing.
"The couch is fine."
John picked her up, put her on the couch and found a blanket to cover her. He found a trash can to put by the couch.
John, Rodger, Ed, and Russell cooked and served in aprons Laura got for them. She told everyone John had told her how sexy it was for a cook to have nothing but an apron on. Laura had the aprons custom made that said "Property of"and the name of their wife or girlfriend. John apologized to the guys and told them that he said she looked good naked in an apron. That comment had haunted him since.
Everyone was pretty drunk. He apologized to the guy and told them there was more to come. One of the ladies shouted, "Look at those fine asses in aprons. Twirl around for us!" We did, and the whole group whooped and hollered at us.
After finishing the cooking, we served the ladies in our aprons. There was quite a bit of butt pinching as we served. They finally let us take off our aprons and eat.
We grilled burgers, chicken, and vegetables along with all the side dishes. John was surprised how much he enjoyed getting to know the ladies and husbands. For dessert, Laura brought out a big tub of ice cream along with cones. When she saw people put ice cream on their plates, Laura said, "You can have a bowl, but cones are sticky, messy, melty and much more fun." They all grabbed cones. As expected, when the cones started dripping, a mini-food fight broke out with the girls dripping ice cream on the guys. There was a bit of licking off too.
After dessert, there was a line at the outdoor shower to wash the sticky off. John took the opportunity to slip out, go home and feed Bo. The poor guy was missing out on all the fun.
John returned just as some of the guests were leaving.
Cortney and Rodger were the first to go. They left their two-year-old with a babysitter who had told them she couldn't stay late because she had a party to go to. There was no way her party would be as fun as this.
Jackie and Ed had to leave, because Ed had to fly out early the next day for a business meeting on Monday.
Bridgette and Russell left because Russell wanted to. They made up an excuse, but Laura told John that Russell thought the group was a bad influence on Bridgette. Who could argue? He had to bail them out of jail one time for drunk and disorderly conduct. Russell was a lawyer and talked to the DA to get the arrest expunged from their records. But word of it spread among his colleagues. They still rib him occasionally.
The girls really didn't want to go, but Laura assured them that they would get together for their regular lunch on Tuesday and talk.
After all the handshakes and hugs, it was around 8:00 and the sun was setting. The outside lights came on and the remaining group went out on the patio.
So, it was John and five beautiful, naked women sitting around talking. John was the only reasonably sober person there. Katie went inside and came back with a bong and a bag of weed. She also had John's portfolio with her. She handed the bong to Laura and said, "I didn't see this. John's a photographer?"
"Yes. He says it's only a hobby but he's incredibly good." Laura said.
The girls passed the bong around as well as John's pictures. There were lots of "oohs" and "aahs" as they looked at his work.
Cynthia rubbed John's thigh and said, "He looks this good and he's a photographer. How did you get so lucky Laura?"
"Hands off, Cynthia. He's mine." Laura said, not smiling.
Blaire said, "There must be pictures missing. Where are the pictures of Laura? I'm sure she's posed for you."
"Those are in my studio. I'm starting a portfolio of just Laura." John said.
"Where's your studio?"
"Next door."
Katie said, "We need to see them!"
John looked at Laura and she shrugged and said, "Road trip?"
A was a collective "Yea!" from the group.
"I warn you; I have a dog so watch your feet."
Another "Yea!" came from the group. John had the feeling is he said, "The Plague," this group would yell "Yea!" They were pretty far gone at this point, except John. He was trying to stay somewhat sober so he wouldn't do anything stupid.
They all paraded over to John's and went in the back door. Of course, nobody bothered with clothes or towels for that matter. The whole neighborhood was aware of the party. John had told the nearby neighbors to call if they were too loud. But no one had any place to carry a phone.
Bo was ecstatic to see John and Laura, but wasn't too sure about the other four. His life had changed in the past couple of weeks, and he was not happy about it. John handed everyone yummy treats, and they gave them to Bo. He was a little happier. He still didn't want to talk to them.
John turned on the lights and they followed him to the studio. He had neglected to close the den drapes and thought about the view it gave the neighbors as they marched by. When they got to the studio, the girls went silent.
"Wow. When you said 'studio,' I didn't expect this. This is a real studio, like for a professional." Katie said.
John whispered something to Laura, and she nodded.
"Laura's pictures are over here. I haven't had time to work on them and put them in a portfolio yet." He handed Katie the 11x14 inch prints of pictures he took after their day out. "These aren't the pictures we planned, but this is what I got."
Katie looked through the book in silence, mouth open. "These are better than the ones in my portfolio...from fifteen years ago. She doesn't even have make-up on. Laura, have you got a painting of yourself hidden around someplace?"
Cynthia grabbed them from Katie and said, "They can't be that...damn, they are that good." After she looked at them, she passed them to the other girls. Vicky was slightly uncomfortable looking at them. She had never been a model, so she wasn't used to seeing pictures of friends naked. She'd seen Laura naked when they were in school and at parties like tonight, but there's something different about photographs. Photos are so static and permanent. As she looked at each photo, she started seeing something good in them. Yes, photos were permanent. Laura will always look this way, even when she's eighty years old. She'll always remember when they were taken, who took them, and how she felt at the time. That wasn't a terrible thing.
Katie said, "John, can you take my picture? Please?"
"Now?"
She nodded.
John looked at Laura. Katie said. "Please, Laura?" Laura looked at John and nodded.
"OK. It will take a minute to get set up. There's a bathroom, makeup table, and dressing room back there. I have an antique looking chaise lounge that you'll look great on." John dug it out and rolled it to the set. He kept the background a simple white paper, and he started setting up the lights. He looked around and saw the girls staring at him. He'd forgotten he was naked.
"It feels really strange to do this naked," he said.
Cynthia chimed in and said, "It's fine John, it doesn't bother us." The girls started giggling.
Katie came out with her hair combed and no makeup. One of the girls said, "You at least need some lipstick."
"Don't you dare." John said. "You look gorgeous just like that. Go sit on the lounge."
"Lean back in the corner and put your legs straight down the cushion. Put your arms on the back of the lounge. Scoot your butt back a little so you can arch your back. Relax for now. Keep your back leg straight but not locked and bend your front leg." John looked at her and said, "Can I touch you?" Katie just nodded. John twisted her hip a little towards the couch. He was so in the zone that he didn't think about his cock hanging down at her eye level.
"Perfect," he said. "Katie, I can read people's minds. It's a gift." Katie started to speak but John cut her off. "I'm going to talk to you and ask you questions. Don't answer me. I'll know the answers by the sparkle in your eyes and the micro expressions on your face. Chin up a bit. It was Laura's idea for you to get me in the pool first, before all the other gorgeous naked women got in there. Right?" John walked around taking her picture from different angles. "She wanted you to reassure me that I wouldn't embarrass myself. Open your mouth a bit. You wanted to tease me a little too with your see-through bikini, right? Lick your lips." He reached over and moved a stray hair from her forehead. "Did you know that your top would come off if I splashed you? Well, that was a 'yes.' Arch you back a little to show me your perfect breasts. You wanted it to come off to show them to me, didn't you? Breathe in. One last question, what did you like better, having me put lotion on your back or watching me squirm as I put lotion on Ashley's back? Oh, interesting." A half a dozen pictures later and John said he was done.
Katie was in a bit of a daze. John's voice was full of confidence and testosterone. Her nipples were hard as rocks, and she was afraid she might have stained the lounge. She got up a little shaky.
John walked up to her and whispered, "Thank you for taking me to the pool early. It really did help."
Cynthia said, "Take my picture next."
He looked at Laura, then said "OK."
While they were getting ready, Laura went up to him and said, "Don't make everyone fall in love with you. I'm going to get a bottle of wine."
John said, "What?"
"Katie still has 'the vapors.'"
John said, "What?" again.
"You have no idea, do you?" She left for the wine. How could he be so sexy and charming and not know it?
Cynthia went to get ready, and Blaire followed her.
"Cynthia? Do you want to get our pictures taken together?" Blaire asked.
"Sure. That would be fun."
Blaire stuck her head out and asked John. He said that it would be great. He pulled out a silk loveseat. It was small, but he thought that it had great possibilities.
Laura came back with the wine and glasses. When they were ready, John asked, "Are you comfortable touching each other. And is it OK if I touch you?" They answered yes to both. John thought that this would be great. They had similar bodies and hair lengths but different hair colors. Blaire was a redhead and Cynthia was a blonde. They would almost look like sisters or matching bookends. John had them sit on opposite sides of the loveseat, angled towards each other. They put their arms on the back of the loveseat, their hands on each other's arms. Their legs stretched out in front of them. They couldn't get the position John wanted. He finally had to move their legs for them, until he got the placement he was looking for. He didn't even realize that he was looking straight up between their legs.
"OK. We're going to try several poses because there are two of you. I'm going to ask you some questions. No talking. It will be fun to see if you think the same way." He moved and took shots from different angles for each pose. "Did it shock you when Ashley asked for a drink? No, I didn't think so."
"Blaire, turn to face the camera with your feet flat on the ground. Close your knees. Cynthia, sit sideways and put your feet in Blaire's lap. Blaire, look at the camera. Cynthia, look at Blaire. Did it shock you when Ashley asked me to put lotion on her back? Cynthia, turn your head and look at the camera. Only one of you was shocked."
"OK, both of you turn sideways and pull your knees up to your chests hard enough to squish your breast a little. Now cross your legs at your ankles and look into each other's eyes. That's great. How did it feel when you first got completely naked in the pool? Yeah. It made me feel that way too."
"Blaire, sit like you did in the last pose with your feet on the floor. Cynthia, stand beside the couch, straight up and face the camera. Put your hand on Blaire's shoulder. Did you hear Laura and I upstairs? I know Katie did." John was happy he shot that one quickly because Blaire blushed all over her body. "Blaire's easy to read on that one. Redheads don't stand a chance if they blush. OK. We're done."
"Vicky, you're up," John said. Vicky didn't get up. "Don't you want your picture taken."
"I'm not a model. I'm not as pretty as they are." The girls started trying to make her get her picture taken, all talking at once, and Vicky was blushing.
John said, "OK. Everybody out of the studio except Vicky. Laura, could you please give them wine in the den." After they left, John closed the door and locked it.
"OK, talk to me Vicky. I don't care if you get your picture taken naked. I have outfits you can wear and props you can cover yourself with. It's up to you. But remember, I can read minds, and I think you want a naked picture to prove to yourself you can do it."
Vicky laughed but said, "I'm not brave enough."
"That's nonsense. I saw you today, with your naked, little five-foot five­-inch body, put down a guy close to a foot taller than you."
"But you guys were behind me."
"You didn't know that. You went after him like a pissed off pit bull. I'm surprised he escaped with his balls."
"And what's this about you not being pretty. You're fucking gorgeous. I thought Ed and Russell were going to pass out when you took off your bikini bottoms."
"No, they didn't even look."
"Ask their wives. They looked a bit angry." John said. "I'm not trying to talk you into anything you don't want to do, but I know that you'll feel better about yourself, if your pictures are there when the girls go through them. No one will see them except this small group. Oh, and you'll have prints."
She couldn't seem to decide.
"Tell you what, let's shoot some pictures of you naked since you're already dressed for it. If you don't like them, I'll erase them and shoot some less revealing ones. It's all digital. If you don't like them, we'll tell everyone we decided on something different. They'll never know we took them unless you like them."
She couldn't resist that logic or his soothing baritone voice. "OK."
"OK? Go comb your hair, take off any makeup and wash your face with cold water. Then I'll come back there and cheat. I'll put just a tiny bit of makeup on you, and we won't tell anyone." She still looked nervous, but she went to get ready.
John got another chair that would cover her a little more. She called him back and he looked at her and said, "I take it back, I'm not going to put any makeup on you. You look too good."
They went out to the studio, and she saw the smaller chair and asked about it. He told her he put it out for her so she wouldn't have to show as much.
"Screw that. If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it right. Let's get that lounge out."
"That's the Vicky I like."
He brought out the lounge and posed her like Katie.
"Ready? I'm going to ask you questions but don't answer me. I'll see the answers in your eyes. What did you think when Brian tried to cover you after you took off your bikini bottoms?" He moved around and shot as he talked. Oh, you were already mad at him. How about when he wouldn't join you in the pool? OK, enough said, we'll skip Brian. Raise your chin an inch, arch your back and push out your magnificent breasts. No laughing, this is serious. She was starting to have fun. Did you think Ashley was brave for taking off her top before she jumped in? Interesting response. When you were eighteen would you have done that? Oh, you were a wild girl even back then. I bet you looked great at eighteen, although you couldn't have looked better than you do now. Slide down a little, keep your hips down like they are and sort of push your back against the couch. Here, let me show you. Is it okay if I touch you?"
She nodded and said, "You know your cock is within a tongues length of my mouth."
"Sorry, that could get me in trouble." He arranged her so that she was leaning on one arm with her breasts pointed straight at the camera. "Who did you want to put sunblock on your back? You don't say? Well maybe next time. Now, slide down a little. Get on your side, stretch out, and put your arm over your head. I like that. How far down on Ashley's back did you think I'd put lotion? I wouldn't have gone that far. Would you like to have seen me go further? Oh, you have a dirty mind. OK, that's it for the couch. Do you want to take more?"
"Like what?"
"You could do some standing poses."
He moved the couch. "There's the 'Supergirl' pose." He stood there facing the camera, with his legs spread and his fists on his hip.
"No one is going to mistake you for a girl," she said and laughed.
"There's the 'looking back over the shoulder' pose." He stood with his back to the camera and turned his head around. "You've got a great bottom for that one."
"Let's try that. Wait, I've got it." She ran into the dressing room and came out with a little red bikini that she had seen back there. She got back in front of the camera. She hung the bikini from her finger over her shoulder. "Like I just took it off."
"Brilliant." He set her up and started shooting. "Now turn your head and look at my cock, I mean the camera." She started laughing. She reset and turned around and look straight at his cock. "My eyes are up here. Lean your shoulders back a little as you turn and look at thecamera. Turn a bit more so your breast shows. Try hanging the bikini off the other shoulder and lower your arm so that your whole breast shows." She turned her head with the most delightful smile. "Perfect. OK, that's it. The girls, Laura, are going to wonder what we're doing back here."
He plugged the memory card into the TV and said "I had this TV specially made to make everything look skinnier than it is. Guys hate it. She slapped his arm. So, here's the remote. Knock yourself out and whatever you decide about them, youdidhave fun."
She slowly looked through each picture in silence. When she was done, she turned to him and said, "I know you put a lot of work into these and tried to make me look pretty...and I love every one of them. She jumped up and hugged me. And you really did make it fun."
"I'm glad Laura didn't see that."
"Oh, I'm sorry..."
"I'm messing with you. Let's go join the others." When they got to the den there was a note that said, "We got bored and went back to my place. When you're done with whatever you're up to in there, come over and bring the little cameras. Love Laura."
John grabbed the stuff, gave Bo a pet and a chew toy, and they hurried out the door. "John, I wish I could find a man like you. I always end up with creeps like Brian."
"Do you like dogs?" John asked.
"I love them. Why?"
"Just a thought. We'll talk later."
When we got to Laura's, she ran over to the group sitting around the patio. She excitedly told Laura all about getting her picture taken. She gushed about John making her feel so comfortable and how great the pictures came out.
Katie asked, "What were you two doing over there in your private session?"
Vicky stuck her tongue out at her.
Laura had lit a fire pit on the patio. It wasn't cold out but with everyone naked and some wet from swimming, the warmth was appreciated.
Laura said to John, "You were in there with Vicky, both naked, for forty-five minutes, behind a locked door. There better be a lot of pictures." She poked him in the side and snuggled up to him. "I thought I'd show them the pictures from our 'first date.'"
John whispered to her, "Don't show the ones at the pond, or word will get out." Laura went and got the pictures.
She said to the group, "These are pictures on out first date." She passed them around. "Cynthia, John introduced me as a star from New York and asked what name I was using this time. Your name popped into my head, and I told one person I was Cynthia Wells. It spread around town within minutes, so if you tell anybody in town your name, they won't believe you." Cynthia really wanted to go into town now.
Everybody had a good laugh at the pictures of the pink shoes, her scarf and big sunglasses, burger bits on their faces, ice cream dripping, and John's crotch under the table.
Laura went on and on about what a wonderful day they had.
Katie asked, "Where are those cameras now?" John pulled out his small camera. Laura showed her identical one and told them that it was a present from John. "Someone give me a camera, we need to document some of this party." John gave his camera to Katie, and she said, "Just point and shoot?" John nodded and she started taking pictures. Laura gave hers to Vicky.
Katie said, "Laura, you and John stand over by the waterfall. Cuddle up." Katie shot several pictures. "Does this have a zoom?" John showed her how to use the zoom.
Then, everyone wanted to have their picture taken with John. John stood patiently with his arm around each of them. Some of the ladies rubbed his bottom while they were there. It was pleasant, but John was worried that he might "stand out" so to speak in the pictures. Vicky took the one of John and Katie. In the first one, Katie gave his butt a good squeeze and John jumped in surprise. John said "Please, Katie, some decorum."
Katie said, "We need a picture of the whole group!"
The camera had a timer, so John got some stuff and piled it on a table for a makeshift tripod. He told the girls where to stand, then set the camera to take a picture every 7 seconds. He ran to get in the group. John was next to Laura with her arm around his waist.
She noticed a couple of other hands on John's butt and said, "Ladies, it seems some of you are groping my new boyfriend's bottom. Stop it. You remember when I said you can look but not touch? I thought it was guys that had no self-control." They stopped for a few minutes.
Katie and Vicky ran around taking pictures of everyone as they sat on the patio or in the pool with the lights on. At some point, someone suggested that they form a human pyramid. They gave it an alcohol fueled try, but they were not very successful. John took pictures from both in front and in back.
John got out the underwater camera. He tried pictures in the pool, but was worried that they would not come out very well.
It was around 11:00 and they were getting a bit chilly. Laura suggested the hot tub. They all piled in. John took lots of pictures of them getting in. There were five beautiful women in the tub. The hot tub was only designed to seat four. Of course, the girls wanted a picture with John in there too. He set up the camera to take a picture every two minutes. When John tried to get in, it was very cozy. Everyone had to squeeze against at least two people. To make a little more room, Laura ended up sitting on John's lap.
John whispered to Laura, "You know what this is going to do to me, don't you?"
"I hope so," she said, as his now hard cock wedged itself between her cheeks. She flexed them and John moaned quietly.
"How comeyouget to sit on John's lap," Katie said.
"Because we need more room, and he ismyboyfriend, you little tart."
"Lucky stiff."
"He's both now," Laura said, and smiled.
After a while, everyone was getting a bit waterlogged, so they got out, dried off and went into the den. John was the last one out, and Katie had stayed behind in the shadows.
"Ooh, you've got a nice big one! I just had to see it hard once. Having Laura sit on your lap really got to you," Katie said.
"Are you happy now? You want to take a picture?"
"Can I?" Katie asked hopefully.
"No!"
"Spoilsport."
John slapped her on the butt, then they headed to the den. John stopped by Ashley and covered her up again.
Laura grabbed a bunch of blankets, and they all snuggled up on the couches. This was the room where John and Laura spent their first evening together. It felt good to be here. John couldn't help thinking that this was the most covered he'd seen these girls. It had been a strange and wonderful day.
The girls started telling stories about Laura's college days. They were really drunk and sometimes when a story was starting, it would be cut off by Laura kicking them to shut them up. After a couple of embarrassing stories about her hooking up with a guy or about how she was so drunk that she wasn't sure who she'd hooked up with, Laura asked John to get them some food to nibble on.
Laura said, "Yes, I liked to party in college a bit."
Cynthia said, "A bit? Boy is that an understatement."
"I wasn't as much of a slut as you were. Do you want me to tell all your stories? Hell, I barely saw you the first year we were roommates, and I never saw you with the same guy twice!"
"I was shopping around," she said.
"Anyway, I want to be with John and if anybody screws that up, I'll rip their hair out by the roots," Laura said.
"Aw, is our Laura in love?" Blaire asked.
"Yes, I think I am. But if you tell him that now, I'll have to kill you. We've just known each other for a couple of weeks and it's too soon to talk about that. I'm not sure how he feels."
"We are. He's head-over-heels in love with you. If he wasn't, we would steal him and share him. As much as we flirted around with him, he never touched us."
"He slapped me on the ass," Katie said.
"I'm sure you deserved it." Laura said. Katie shrugged and nodded.
"So lay off the stories about what a slut, I mean partier, I was in school. I've told him a lot, and I'll tell him everything, but he doesn't need to hear anything from you."
John came back in with the snacks. Laura said, "We don't need any more food, it's about time for bed." John looked confused.
By one-thirty, everyone was tired and on the verge of passing out. Since it was late and everyone was drunk, they all decided to crash at Laura's rather than getting taxis. Laura had three extra bedrooms and there were five girls, so they needed to figure out sleeping arrangements. Ashley was unconscious on the couch so that left four. Blaire volunteered to bunk with Cynthia, so they got the room with the king-size bed. Katie and Vicky got their own rooms. John offered his house to Blaire or Cynthia, but they said when out on modeling jobs, they often shared a room. John, of course, slept with Laura.
Before heading to bed, the girls told John about their plan to punish Ashley in the morning and the part he had to play. He felt like he was part of a street gang. Laura found the girls some clothes for the morning since everyone, except Ashley, needed to be dressed for the plan. John needed to take a few more pictures too.
Before John and Laura went to sleep, they talked for a little while. John was tired but wired too.
John said, "I was surprised how much I enjoyed the party and your friends. I was scared to death this morning. It wasn't just the possible embarrassment. I've never been good in party situations, especially with mostly strangers there. Even though your friends can be over-the-top sometimes, they made me feel like I was part of the group. No one teased me too much. The teasing they did do, made me feel like they included me and that they liked me. I felt like I could tease them back. I'm a little jealous of you. I've never had friends like that."
"I've not been around many women, and I've never known anyone like the free-spirited women here today. Until I met you that is. But I liked it and them. I can't say I ever got used to seeing them naked, I am a man, but after a while it kind of seemed normal. Let's face it, if you women were in parkas, you would be distracting."
Laura said, "You're allowed to be human. I think they were disappointed they didn't see you hard."
"Katie's not."
"I sure she was."
"No. I mean she did see me hard."
"Oh?"
"I was getting out of the hot tub after you had been sitting on my lap, and she popped out of hiding."
Laura laughed "I'll have to ask her if she liked what she saw. I'm surprised she didn't take a picture."
"She wanted to." Laura continued laughing. "I slapped her on the butt."
"When you were in the studio you didn't seem to notice being naked or the naked women."
"When I'm in the zone, all I can think about is the image. People are just objects in the pictures."
"I can't believe you only got hard when I sat on your lap in the hot tub. Would you have gotten hard if Katie or Vicky sat on your lap and wiggled around?"
"I'm going to say 'no' and we're not going to test it."
Laura reached down and started playing with him.
"Laura, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I'm too tired," he said.
"Just go to sleep, I won't bother you," she said as she continued to play with his growing cock. When he was fully hard, she whispered in his ear, "are you asleep yet." She sucked on his earlobe. He pulled her on top of him and said, "You have to do all the work." Laura slid down onto him.
"Ooh, gladly."
John was the first one up. He dressed and woke Laura. He didn't drink too much last night to make sure he didn't do anything stupid. He went down to start the "punish Ashley" plan." He saw young Ashley still asleep on the couch. She had thrown off the blanket during the night. She was naked with her legs spread. John made a racket with pots and pans in the kitchen. She jumped awake and saw John in a shirt and shorts.
"John, how did I get on the couch?" She seemed confused.
"That's where I left you after..."
Ashley blinked her eyes as if to clear her head. "What happened? Everything's a bit fuzzy."
John asked, "Would you like some water" as he filled a glass. He walked over to her with the water. She stood up and realized that she was naked as the day she was born in front of a man she met yesterday, who had clothes on. She reached down for the blanket and flipped over the trash can, John left for her, making a big racket. Her head was pounding, and she was queasy. She pulled the blanket around her.
"No need to be modest now. It's not like I haven't seen...and touched everything."
"How did I get here and where is everyone?" She said louder.
"I told you that I put you there after you passed out. You were really wasted last night. I'm not surprised you don't remember much. Do you remember what happened with us?"
Her eyes widened, and she said, "Oh my god. Did we..."
"What?" John asked?
She opened the blanket and looked down at her body and said, "Did you fuck me?"
Hearing that, her aunt Blaire looked at her from the stair and said, "What did you say to him?"
"Aunt Blaire, I think John fucked me while I was passed out."
"What a terrible thing to say. Look at yourself, showing yourself naked to John." She closed the blanket again. "You don't remember? I think I'd remember something like that," Blaire said.
Laura poked her head out and said, "John, did you fuck little Ashley while she was passed out?"
John said, "I was the last one awake and she was naked...I just..."
"See, he did fuck me. He confessed."
"Are you sure? After John fucks me, I'm positive because I can feel it down there. He's big and his cum runs down my legs." Laura said.
Ashley opened the blanket and looked down at her pussy. "And for god's sake, cover up dear," Laura said.
"Let's see, I know he fucked me last night," Laura said.
"I'm pretty sure he sneaked in our room and fucked me and Cynthia," Blaire said. "How about you, Katie? Did he sneak in and fuck you too." Blaire yelled, facing the stairs.
In the distance, Katie yelled, "Yep. He sneaked into my room and fucked me. It was great."
Vicky yelled, "Me too."
"Well, John, you fucked everybody. You have quite the stamina." Laura said.
Ashley held her aching head wishing people would stop talking so loudly.
Blaire said, "Ashley, do you think it's possible we are all just fuckingwith you?"
Ashley realized she was the only naked person there. She turned bright red, like only a redhead can, and headed towards the bathroom. She caught the blanket on the couch, and it fell off. She ran to the bathroom naked. Unmistakable sounds of too much drinking came flooding out of the bathroom. John felt sorry for her.
Blaire said, "I better see if she's OK." She picked up the blanket and went after Ashley.
John said, "I hope you girls don't ever teach me a lesson. You're mean girls." The girls started laughing.
"We're mean? You gave quite a performance." John took a bow.
Blaire came out of the bathroom.
Laura said, "John, why don't you go feed Bo."
John beat a hasty retreat to his house. When he was gone, Blaire took Ashley out to the pool house.
Twenty minutes later, Blaire returned. She had Ashley with her, in clothes but still looking like she was very hungover. The Tylenol was starting to kick in.
"Ashley, come sit with us," Laura said.
"That's alright, I'll just..."
"That wasn't a request," Blaire said. She was mad but trying to control herself.
Ashley sat down.
Blaire said, "Last night, I said you were one of us. I meant it. We're all close friends and we look out for each other. But there are responsibilities that go with that. Do you have any idea how much you embarrassed us last night? In front of John, Laura'snewboyfriend? And how do you think you made John feel? Do you remember the sunblock lotion?" Ashley cringed. "He was one of the hosts of the party. And what about Laura, our other host? You were prancing around in your cute little naked body, flirting with hernewboyfriend. And then you passed out? And about me? I brought you here. I don't know how much worse your behavior could have been."
"I drank too much."
"Yes, you did and that was partly our mistake. We didn't think about how young you were when we let you drink, and that's on us. But I don't ever want to hear you use drinking as an excuse for your reckless behavior. If you can't drink and stay in control, don't drink. You sneaked a bunch of drinks in we didn't see you with, right? Did it make you feel like a big girl."
"I suppose."
"Don't give me attitude. I'm not above slapping you. How much do you think your mother would like to hear this story?"
"She wouldn't believe you."
"John has lots of pictures of you passed out naked on the couch."
"He doesn't...you wouldn't."
"Ask John to see them when you go over to apologize to him." The blood ran out of Ashley's face.
"Modeling can be difficult and sometimes dangerous. Hell, being a woman can be difficult and dangerous."
"No one's tried anything so far."
"You were a minor with people looking after you. We're going to talk about this more after you feel better and I'm less angry. Drink your coffee."
Laura said, "Who want some bacon and eggs?" Ashley looked a little green.
"Dry toast for you, Ashley?"
The girls ate breakfast and talked.
"You should have stayed awake, Ashley. We all went over to John's photography studio, and he took all sorts of pictures of us," Laura said. "You would have met his dog too."
"He's got a dog?"
"Yeah, a big Lab. You'll meet him in a while."
Katie said, "He brought his cameras over here afterwards and took all sorts of silly pictures. We even made a human pyramid. He's got an underwater camera we played with. I don't know what those will look like. And of course, he took pictures of you." Ashley groaned. "Then we all played in the hot tub. It was so tight in there that Laura had to sit on John's lap to protect him. I thought that Laura should have shared and let us take turns sitting on his lap."
"In your dreams, Katie."
"Oh, he was." Everyone except Ashley laughed.
After breakfast, Laura put the dishes in the sink.
"Are you ready to start your apologies?"
"You mean to John?"
"Who did you embarrass last night, besides yourself?"
"Oh. Laura, I'm truly sorry and embarrassed that I behaved that way at the party, you were so nice to let me come to. Blaire, I know we're going to talk later, but I'm sorry I disgraced myself in front of you and your friends. Katie, Cynthia and Vicky, I know my actions reflected on you too. I'm so sorry, and I hope you won't always think of me as the little screw-up."
They had a group hug.
Blaire said, "Are you ready to go apologize to John?"
She took a deep breath and said, "Not really, but I'm going."
"You might want to thank him for carrying you to the couch. We would have let you burn in the sun," Blaire lied.
Laura took Ashley aside and said, "Don't worry about John. He's a sweetheart. You've been through the worst of it with the girls. And you'll get to meet Bo. If you take responsibility, he'll respect you, and that means a lot."
Ashley headed over to John's and rang the doorbell. He'd been on the phone with Laura, and she told him what to expect.
John opened the door and said "Hi Ashley. What's new?"
Bo ran up to her, and she squatted down, so he could lick her face. "This must be Bo."
"He sure seems to like you. He's a good judge of character."
"John, I'm supposed to apologize to you. No, that's not right, Iwantto apologize to you. I acted like a bratty little kid last night, and I'm sincerely sorry. I'm not going to try and make any excuses for my behavior. I'm sure I did things I don't even remember yet. As my brain clears, I remember something that I did and I cringe. I embarrassed both you and Laura after you were kind enough to let me come to your party. I'm so ashamed of myself. I hope that you can forgive me. Oh, and god, I can't believe what I did this morning. I accused you of...there is no way I can apologize for that. That was just unforgivable."
"I know the girls made you come over here, but you had to guts to do it. It's not easy to admit you messed up. I know how behavior can get out of hand sometimes. As far as I'm concerned, all is forgiven and forgotten. You're a beautiful and sweet young woman."
"As for this morning, I'm sure you've figured out you were set up. I can hardly blame you for that. Listen to what those girls tell you. They can help you through stuff and will have your back now that you're one of them. They scare me."
"Me too. They said that you were the one that carried me in and covered me up. Thank you for looking after me, even though you don't really know me, and I acted like an ass. The girls said they would have let me burn in the sun, and I really couldn't take a sunburn along with this headache."
"You are quite welcome. But not every guy is as respectful as I am, so try not to get hammered and pass out naked at any more parties." She laughed and it hurt her head.
"I'm sorry about this, but there is one more thing." John said.
"What?"
"They insisted I show you pictures of you passed out from last night. The girls are making me do this and like I said, they scare me."
"Oh, no."
"Let's go in the studio. It won't hurt for long, I promise."
They walked into the studio and Ashley was amazed by how nice it was. John told her to look at the forty-five-inch TV on the wall. He pushed a button, and she was assaulted with a picture of her naked body sprawled out of the couch, her legs spread.
"Oh, god."
John pushed the button four more times, showing different angles and closeups.
"John? What are you going to do with these?"
"I'm afraid your aunt wants them, but maybe I can give them to Laura."
"Oh, god."
"At least you've got someone looking out for you and no one posted them on the internet."
She grabbed her head and said, "I hadn't even thought about the internet."
"I think Blaire wants to remind you. Now that that's over, I've got some more fun pictures for you to see."
"OK," she said.
He pushed more buttons and a picture flashed on the screen of Katie in the studio and then the group sitting around the patio.
"These are great. I could have used pictures like these for my portfolio if I hadn't..." She hung her head.
"We can take more."
"Really?" She brightened up.
"As long as you have a chaperon."
She hung her head again.
"Let me call the gang. I'm sure they want to see these too. There's a bowl of treats for Bo on the counter in the kitchen."
Ashley was sitting on the floor in the kitchen playing with Bo looking sweet and innocent. "They're on their way. I can show these in the den where it's more comfortable."
"You're not going to show the ones of me, are you?"
"I think you've had enough for today."
Ashley said, "Thanks," then "Let's go, Bo" and went off to the den. She sat cross-legged on the couch and played with Bo. John quickly found a camera to capture the moment. She was a cute, innocent little girl and a beautiful, sexy woman in one body.
Five minutes later, the girls came into the den. Blaire said loudly, "I want you to show the ones of Ashley passed out."
"No Blaire. She's had enough." John said.
"Laura, make him show them."
"Blaire honey, sit down and enjoy the pictures." Blaire huffed and sat down. Ashley mouthed, "Thank you." to John.
John showed the studio photos with the disclaimer that he hadn't run them through Photoshop yet. Everybody seemed pleased he could use Photoshop. When their photos came up, they asked if he could fix this and that. There were about fifty studio pictures and all of them got lots of nods of approval. Especially, Vicky's standing shot. It was John's favorite.
He changed out the flash drive to show the ones taken later at Laura's place. John had not looked at these other than to remove the pictures of Ashley. The first picture that came up was a closeup of John's bottom. Everybody whooped and hollered.
"Who took that one?" Laura asked.
Katie raised her hand, wiggled her fingers, and said, "It's just so cute. Can I have a copy of these John? That zoom works great." John regretted not looking at these first. The next few were of John's lower parts closeup. Katie shrugged and smiled. Everyone else hooted.
There were lots of pictures of the girls in the lounges making funny faces at John. There were some nice ones of the girls in the pool with all the lights on and in back of the waterfall. There were a bunch of them trying to make a human pyramid with some, but not much, success. Everyone blamed the others for it not working. When he showed the ones taken from behind the pyramid, Katie said, "Next time the guys need to make the pyramid or at least get on their hands and knees like that."
Blaire said, "We needed one more girl on the top, but someone passed out," looking at Ashley.
The hot tub pictures turned out well. Katie took one of Laura sitting on John's lap. The underwater shots were not great. There was not enough light. They were still fun and showed the girls treading water. Some showed one of them swimming underwater straight at him. John decided he needed a better underwater camera. Finally, there were shots near the end of the evening, inside, cuddled up under the blankets, when everyone was relaxing after a long, fun day.
After the pictures, everyone decided to take one last swim. John sat around and took more pictures as the girls played and hammed it up for the camera. He hardly believed it, but he was comfortable being naked around these women. True to her word, Ashley behaved herself and seemed to be part of the group without trying. She was going to be pleased with the pictures he took of her around the pool.
Ashley asked if he would take pictures of her in the studio. He told her that even a beautiful young girl doesn't look her best after a night of heavy drinking. He suggested next week sometime if Blaire could bring her.
They ate lunch and the girls all went home. Most were in their own cars. Ashley's mom picked up Blaire and Ashley. Her mother skeptically asked how everything went, and they both said great. She never heard about the issues Ashley had or about how everyone was naked most of the day and night.
Laura assured everyone that they would get together for their regular lunch meeting on Tuesday.
Katie was the last to leave. She gave them big hugs and kisses and told them that she'd see them soon.
An exhausted Laura and John went straight upstairs. Laura slowly stripped John's clothes off and then hers. She pushed him on the bed and crawled on top of him. She kissed him and whispered, "You were such a hit. The girls love you."
He slowly slipped inside her.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. I plan to continue adding more stories to the "New Neighbors" series. Please vote below. You don't have to be a member to vote.