Dedicated to TR.
*****
I moaned as I ejaculated into my wife.
Amanda felt so warm and firm--- and her hair smelled enticingly fragrant--- as I clutched her against my chest. After a long moment of blissful dozing in the wonderful afterglow, I sighed and eventually rolled onto my back. My wife remained laying on her side. Spooning was one of the few positions she could comfortably tolerate during sex anymore since she her belly was rapidly expanding. And with it came our hopes and dreams... our happiness.
Our son would be arriving in just a few short months.
It was strange to think of ourselves as parents. There was an certain freedom that Amanda and I enjoyed as a childless married couple: we had entertained numerous sexual partners in our open marriage. But now our life was changing, and my wife and I realized that we needed to start treading on a straight and narrow path for the sake of our child.
It was an easy tradeoff. Sure, we had long been a slave to our libido, but more than anything Amanda and I longed to be parents. We wanted to be surrounded by a multitude of children and grandchildren... and, hopefully, greatgrandchildren someday.
My wife kissed me and murmured, "I'm going to wash up."
With a moderate amount of effort, she rolled out of bed. I stared as she stood still for the briefest of moments to gather herself. Almost 7 months pregnant, her body had undergone significant changes, the most obvious one, of course, being her expanding belly. It appeared to have grown exponentially during the past few weeks.
There were other expected changes, too. Amanda's face was noticeably swollen but still flawless to me, and her perfect 34C breasts were significantly engorged. Likewise, her distal extremities were retaining fluid, causing her frequent pain, especially in the mornings.
It was the unseen, intangible changes that I had been fearing. I couldn't even begin to fathom the discomfort a pregnant woman had to endure, and anticipated that my wife would be constantly tired, irritable, and nauseous. As her husband, I was resigned to the assumption that I'd be bearing the brunt of Amanda's irritability for the duration of her pregnancy.
Perhaps it was my ignorant, short-sighted, caveman way of thinking, or maybe Amanda was just lucky, because she didn't suffer of those symptoms badly, save for some mild nausea during her first trimester.
Even if that hadn't been the case, I don't think Amanda would've let anything slow her downtoomuch. Despite being so late into her pregnancy, she was still working and involved in her usual physical activities, like going to the gym as often as she could.
Fortunately for me, Amanda's sex drive was greater than ever! We had an amazing physical relationship to begin with, but now we were engaging in sex--- no, she was demanding it--- incredibly, even more now than before she was pregnant! Sure, we had to experiment with different sexual positions since her enlarged tummy didn't allow for traditional missionary anymore.
But that was part of the fun.
In fact, my wife wanted it rougher and harder than ever before, much to my delight and trepidation. Naturally, I still loved being physical with Amanda in bed. However, in the back of my mind, I was always fearful of injuring the baby despite knowing that he was extremely well insulated inside her body.
The most surprising aspect of Amanda's increased sex drive, however, was her new thirst for cum. Despite all the brutal and depraved sex acts she had performed on me throughout the course of our marriage, as well as on her multitude of lovers, the first time my wife ever swallowed was when she was about 5 months pregnant! Prior to that, I always had to abide by the "no fly zone", which prohibited semen anywhere above her neck. That, of course, included no swallowing or even ejaculating into her mouth, whether it was during a blowjob or when I pulled out during vaginal sex. Strangely enough, Amanda also developed a weird craving for salty foods right around the time she started swallowing cum, food she never even liked before she became pregnant.
Perhaps itdidall make some sort of sense, I thought humorously.
I was still staring adoringly at my wife when she cleared her throat. "You always make me nervous when you get that stupid look on your face."
I looked her naked form over. Once, not that long ago, Amanda possessed the most toned, sleek physique of anyone I had ever seen. Lingerie models and bikini models had nothing on her, she was the most beautiful thing I had EVER laid eyes on. Now, Amanda's entire body had undergone a marked transformation. Her face and extremities were swollen, and her belly had expanded enormously as she carried our son inside of her.
Amanda was never more beautiful than she was at this very moment.
"I just can't get over how sexy you are, Mandy."
My wife blushed girlishly, and her freckles appeared to darken.
Oh, those freckles. How they always turned me on...
She complained, "I feel like a bloated cow."
"Funny, you don't look like one. And you still fuck like a pornstar."
Amanda shook her head in exasperation and waddled into the bathroom, but I noticed the smile on her face. As I heard the shower begin to run, I laid back heavily in bed and reveled in a sense of exhilaration that exceeded my usual happiness. I was married to the most perfect woman in the world, we were secure financially, and our son was on the way. But most importantly, Amanda and the baby were completely healthy. I couldn't ask for anything more.
My life was perfect.
As I always did when I was happy, I thought about Amanda. She had left me only a moment ago and was merely in the next room, but I missed her already. I could detect her lingering essence: the scent of her hair, the warmth from her body that was still emanating from the blanket and sheets.
I wanted her back in bed with me.
My penis was already stiff as I remembered something. Reaching for my cellphone that was on the adjacent nightstand, I scrolled through some old pics that were saved in a very special folder: pics of Amanda during intimate moments and inveryprovocative poses with her lovers. Her naughty sexual history was contained here, from the very beginning, her first gangbang [Chapter 1], to the most recent, our weekend getaway with our sexy neighbors Brandy and Scott [Chapter 12]... and everything in between! I had taken the majority of the pics myself, as it was a thrill beyond all reasoning to watch her make love with other people; some were snapshots that Amanda had taken herself when she was alone with her partners, fucking and sucking them.
My wife was always willing to add to the obscene collection of pics that I kept of her.
I stared at a particular picture of Amanda with her breasts and face smeared with red spaghetti sauce and cum. "Philip," I muttered absent-mindedly [Chapter 3].
There were, literally, hundreds of pictures stored on my cellphone. As I flipped through them, I stoked my raging hard-on. I was on the verge of climaxing when Amanda reentered the bedroom, a towel wrapped around her body.
"Omigod, what are you doing?" She added a rude comment before adding incredulously, "Did I not give you enough? Are youstillhorny?"
I chuckled sheepishly and stopped masturbating. "No, no. You satisfied me alright, Mandy. I was just looking over some old pics, that's all. And I, uh, couldn't help myself."
"What old pics?"
I presented my cellphone to her, and she took it. A nostalgic smile creased her lips as she scrolled the files. I observed her without comment.
"My god, I forgot you had these on your phone. Everything here, it feels like it happened so long ago."
I nodded in agreement. "A lifetime ago."
Amanda returned my cellphone to the nightstand, and laid her head on my chest. "I can't believe how crazy and stupid we were when we didn't have to worry about..."
Her voice trailed off and she became silent. I stroked her hair. "I always had fun watching you," I told her softly. "Always."
"I know, babe. And I always enjoyed performing for you. I love you for what you did for me... for making me happy... for allowing me to experiment and explore. And for trusting me." I suddenly felt my wife shaking, and for a moment I thought she was crying. It took me a moment to realize that she was laughing, much to my relief. "We had some fun moments, didn't we?"
I kept my voice neutral as I asked, "Do you miss it?"
Amanda's response was immediate. "I do. I know I shouldn't... but I do." A split second later, I felt her tense, and she instantly lifted her head and regarded me gravely.
"No," was all she said.
"What?"
"Don't even think about it."
"Mandy, I have no idea what you're talking about."
She punched me in the shoulder. "I know you, and I know how you think. Promise me that you won't surprise me ever again."
"Surprise you with what?" I asked innocently.
"Oh, let's see... with more gangbangs... or threesomes and group sex with your friends. And please, no more setting me up on dates!"
"Of course."
"I mean it, babe. Our son will be here very soon, and we need to be on the straight and narrow. We talked about this, remember?"
"Of course," I repeated.
"Good." Amanda's stern expression softened, but not by much. "You've made me horny again, damn it," she complained petulantly. "Come do your job."
"Yes, ma'am."
As I made love to my wife once more, all I could think about was how badly I wanted her to be safe and happy.
*****
In the weeks that followed, Amanda began to slow down. The baby dropped, giving her tummy a decidedly pointed appearance, but causing her low back pain as well. Unfortunately, my wife also suffered other issues, including more swelling in her extremities, hip pain, and an overall discomfort all throughout her entire body.
I couldn't convince Amanda to begin her maternity leave early, she was too invested in her career and line of work. Luckily, Glenn, who had been her supervisor for several years and, equally as significant, one of her first lovers [Chapter 2], always looked out for my wife. He happily accommodated her with a reduced schedule and lighter workload.
Amanda still went to the gym several times a week to maintain a level of physical activity, but she was no longer meeting with her running group every week, much to Bryan's dismay [Chapter 6].
Fortunately, my wife still possessed her insatiable sex drive.
I was calmly waiting in our living room when she arrived home from a trip to the gym. She had gone with her coworker Krysten, a cute skinny blonde who, along with our neighbor Brandy, was one of my wife's closest friends. In the past, I had frequently pleaded with Amanda to invite Krysten into our bedroom, but she was never able to tactfully ask her friend to sleep with me or have a threesome with us.
Amanda walked into the house clad in a bright pink tank top and heathered-gray yoga pants. They were maternity clothes, but clung to her curvy body in an extremely flattering way.
"How was the gym?"
"Good," Amanda puffed. I didn't know if she was spent from her workout or fatigued from the typical strain of pregnancy. Most likely a combination of both, I surmised. "It felt really good today." Then she frowned wistfully. "I wish Jansen was still there, though. He was always a great motivator."
Ah, Jansen. He was a disgustingly handsome hulk of a man whom I had met at the gym some time ago, and convincing him to have sex with my wife was easy. He was one of Amanda's favorite sex partners, and possessed arguably the largest cock she had ever seen [Chapter 4]. Amanda had slept with Jansen several times, but he had, unfortunately, disappeared from her radar. It was a pity since his size satisfied her in ways that no other man could.
But there were other men to take Jansen's place.
"Why don't you wash up and relax?" I suggested mildly.
My wife looked at me suspiciously, detecting a trace of nervousness in my voice. But feeling hungry, exhausted, and achy all over, she merely nodded and began stripping. She struggled to peel the top over her head, and I immediately went over to assist her.
"Here, let me help." I grinned as her swollen breasts popped into view. "There's nothing I love more than undressing you, you know that?"
"Even when I look like this?" Amanda asked in a small voice.
"Especiallywhen you look like this. You're sexier than ever." Amanda hugged me close, and we touched foreheads, our personal sign of affection. "C'mon, I'll draw a bath for you."
We headed to the bedroom. As she gathered clean clothes from our walk-in closet, I veered into the bathroom and began running the water. When my wife reappeared, I assisted her into the tub.
"Why don't you join me?"
I sighed inwardly because Ireallywanted to. "I can't," I replied, keeping my voice casual. "There're some things I need to take care of."
Amanda raised an eyebrow because I never turned her down for anything. "Oh? Like what?"
"I made a complete mess of the house while you were gone, and meant to clean up before you came home. Don't want you falling or tripping over anything."
"Thanks, babe. You're always so thoughtful."
I gave her a grin. "Just call me when you're finished. I'll come back and help you out."
My wife smiled gratefully and soaked herself into the warm water, leaning her head back on the edge of the tub. Her belly breached the surface, and the concept that there was another lifeform in there was extremely profound to me.
I hurried out of the bathroom and got things ready.
*****
"Hey, babe. I'm ready to come out."
I rushed into the bathroom a split second later with a fresh towel. I extended my hand, and Amanda grunted in exertion as I helped her to her feet. Water cascaded down her naked, swollen form as she wobbled. The later stages of pregnancy had, among other things, affected her equilibrium, and it took my wife a moment to regain her balance while holding onto my hand.
"Easy, take it slow."
Amanda sighed. "I will besohappy when this is all over!"
I chuckled as she stepped out of the tub, and my heart started to race as I wrapped the towel around her. I had to focus to keep my hands from trembling. Following my wife back into the bedroom, she went to retrieve her new clothes which were folded neatly on the bed.
"Hold on, Mandy. Let's go to the living room first."
Without giving her an opportunity to think or even respond, I ushered her towards the living room, stammering vague responses. Before we entered, Amanda finally stopped me.
"Babe, what are you doing? I need to get dressed!"
I gazed at my wife with a level of severity that wasn't apparent a moment ago. My voice was soft as I asked, "Do you trust me?"
Amanda's eyes widened and her jaw dropped as she staggered back a step. I had only ever asked her that question once before, not that long ago, when...
She shook her head, not quite so much in horror as it was in pure shock. "No," she breathed.
My wife kept backing away, but I quickly grasped her hand. "It's ok, Mandy."
"Oh, babe... you didn't... please tell me you didn't." But she already knew the answer.
"I had to," I confessed, feeling suddenly helpless. "I just want to make you happy."
"I can't!Wecan't! Not anymore. We promised each other, remember?" Fear, anger, and sadness all tinged her voice.
"Yes, you can! One last time before the baby arrives. It'll be like before, only better. I promise!"
Amanda closed her eyes. Her initial reaction was to throttle me, but she smacked her forehead with her open palm instead. "Omigod," she muttered helplessly.
I hugged her close. Even though we were alone, I whispered in her ear, "I would never put you or the baby in danger. You'll both be safe, I swear to you." My wife didn't appear completely convinced, so I tried a different approach, one that worked before. "Tell me you don't want this as much as I do."
"Even if I did, I don't want to hurt the baby!"
"He'll be fine, Mandy. Dr. Morningham said you're still okay to have sex, remember?"
"I don't want to risk it! Besides, what man will want to touch me right now? I look like a fat cow!"
That was the farthest thing from the truth.
"Amanda," I began gently, using her full name which I seldom did. "The little guy will be fine. And never mind that the guys love you for who you are, just like I do. You look even sexier now, and more beautiful than ever! I wish you would believe me when I tell you that. We all feel the same way."
My wife was still glaring at me, but I could tell she was excited and curious.
Neither of us could hide who we were.
"I can't believe I'm even asking this, but... who did you invitethistime?"
I laughed evilly, and knew I had her. "Why don't you step into the living room and find out?"
"Babe, I don't know..."
"I love you, Mandy... you and our baby."
I led her inside.
******
There were several men lounging around in our living room, most who had been present for our first gangbang [Chapter 1]. Some were seated on the couch while others paced nervously. However, they all stood up attentively when Amanda and I entered.
My wife instantly recognized the 5 men who were anxiously waiting for her. She did, after all, have a sexual history with each of them.
"Oh, Glenn," she sighed, her voice sounding pained.
Glenn stood up from the couch and gave a weak wave. "Hello, Baby Girl," he greeted my wife using his pet name for her.
In his late 50's, Amanda's boss was about 2 inches shorter than her, and possessed a salt-and-pepper graying to his short hair and stubble. Being an outdoor enthusiast like my wife, he was thin and fit. Glenn, of course, had been in love with Amanda from the very moment he met her, and while their relationship was not sexual at first, they were close from the very beginning. Their coworkers jokingly referred to Glenn as Amanda's "work husband", and Amanda as his "work wife".
The irony was not lost on me.
With my blessing, Amanda and Glenn carried on an affair for months. To say that it a dangerous undertaking wasn't an exaggeration, highlighted by the fact that 2 violent coworkers had discovered their secret workplace romance [Chapter 7]. My wife did not ever obtain, or even seek, preferential treatment from her boss, but there were other complicating factors: Glenn was married with 2 daughters, one who was actually older than Amanda!
My wife eventually ended their trysts, and they returned to a strictly professional working relationship, although that was much easier for her than Glenn. Regardless, a career-threatening scandal had been avoided, albeit with much pain and suffering for both parties involved.
A tall, wiry but muscular man with a shaved head stepped forward next to Glenn. He was licking his lips and openly leering at my wife like he always did.
"Hello, gorgeous. Let me just say, it's goddamn great to see you naked again. We need to stop meeting and fucking like this! Ha, ha!"
Bryan was in Amanda's running group. Prior to her pregnancy, she had trained with them several times a week, culminating in much longer runs on the weekends. It was during one of these longer weekend runs, on a secluded trail, when he had fucked my wife, alone, for the first time [Chapter 6].
Bryan was, to put it mildly, a disgusting slimeball. To the casual observer, it may have appeared as though he intimidated my wife since he constantly harassed her, openly hitting on Amanda and fondling her whenever the opportunity presented itself.
But I knew better.
Running was often when Amanda felt at her best, which was reflected by her attire. There were reasons why Amanda seldom wore anything more than a snug sports bra and the shortest of shorts during their training sessions: it was confidence in herself and in her body, of course, but also because she knew it incited Bryan's rabid lust for her. She would always run strategically in front of him knowing he'd stare at her ass, or next to him so she could tease him with her stacked, voluptuous profile.
Amanda would never admit it, but she delighted in his uncouth attention. And she reciprocated by permitting him to visually feast on her or, more notably, allowing him to bang the hell out of her regularly.
My wifeownedBryan.
Dimitri stirred in the background. We had known each other since childhood, and he was my closest friend. More like a brother. However, a sexual tension insidiously developed between us as we grew older, but had always remained left alone. We were too embarrassed to acknowledge such awkward feelings.
Like virtually every man who knew my wife, my best friend was also madly in love with her. She knew this, and was also well aware of the deep bond that I shared with Dimitri. In spite of this--- or more likely, because of it--- Amanda invited him into a scorching hot MMF threesome with us. She even managed to cram both of our stiff dicks into her mouth [Chapter 5]! Dimitri and I may have never touched each other again after that fateful, wonderful night, but they were still sleeping with each other until fairly recently.
Amanda smiled warmly at my best friend, then turned her attention to a tall, handsome Asian man standing next to him. Philip stood over 6 feet tall, possessed a sinewy, muscular build, and had some gray streaked throughout his long, black ponytail. While he may have been the most soft spoken out of all her former lovers, he was also easily the kinkiest. After all, Philip had stripped Amanda naked when they were alone in his restaurant, tied her to a chair using her own bra, and fed her a homemade plate of spaghetti... only after seasoning the food and wine with his cum, of course [Chapter 3].
Like Glenn, the Asian man also had a family. Amanda ended their affair not long after the night at his restaurant, but not before indulging herself with his cock a few more times.
Unlike the other men, the last one Amanda noticed wasn't present at her first gangbang. But she knew him intimately well. Scott, along with his buxom, pixie-haired wife Brandy, were our neighbors. Also towering over 6ft tall like Philip, he had broad, powerful shoulders, penetrating blue eyes, and shoulder-length, wavy brown hair. Scott wasextremelygood-looking. However, if my wife was smitten with him, then he was absolutely obsessed with her.
Not long after Scott and Brandy moved in next to us, Amanda and I were greatly enjoying a hardy swinging relationship with them. We had traded spouses more times than there were drops of water in the ocean, experienced wonderful foursomes, and engaged in threesomes in every combination possible dozens of times [Chapters 8 & 9]. Coincidentally, and much to our delight, Brandy became pregnant at nearly the same time as Amanda. They had already been as close as sisters, but being able to experience the joys and hardships of pregnancy together made our beautiful wives even closer.
Scott was a very lucky man. Not only was he allowed to have a seemingly endless amount of sex with my wife, buthiswife was gorgeous and an amazing fuck, as well.
"Hello, Amanda." Scott slowly approached, smiling affectionately. It had been several months since they had been together, but his desire for her hadn't lessened.
Amanda returned the smile, but then seemed to peer past our tall neighbor as if she were searching for someone. After a moment, she turned to me. "Jansen?" she asked hopefully.
I merely shook my head, and my wife was genuinely crestfallen.
It was Bryan who attempted to break the ice, and his oily sneer became even wider. "I don't mean to sound impatient, pretty girl, but can we get started? Because I already have a raging hard-on, and it has your name written all over it!"
But Amanda ignored him and turned back to me. "Are youreallysure that you want to travel down this road again?"
"I am, and so are you."
She blushed, but began unconsciously stroking her elongated belly. "I don't know, babe. I want to... but I'm scared for our baby."
"Remember what Dr. Morningham said," I reminded her.
"I don't think she said that with 6 penises poking me in mind!"
"Uh, probably not. But... um, I did tell the guys to be more careful with you tonight. I mean, I know you usually prefer it rough, but..."
Amanda replied drily, "Gee, thanks, babe."
"I want this for you, I really do. There's still so much I want you to experience. And I want you to be happy. I know the baby's coming soon, Mandy, but..." I hesitated as she studied me hard. "I don't know, call me crazy and irresponsible, but I feel like it's still our time to be free. To enjoy what life has to offer... to live in the moment. I--- I know how happy being with other people makes you, and nothing makes me happier than seeingyouhappy."
"Are you sure you're not doing for yourself, babe?"
Amanda caught me there, and I flushed guiltily. The truth of the matter was, I loved watching her fuck other men--- the more, the better--- almost as much as I loved fucking her myself.
As she knew it.
I conceded, "I suppose I partially am." There was no point in hiding the truth, and I would never lie to my wife.
"I appreciate what you're trying to do for me, babe. I really do. But we have more than just ourselves now to think about now."
"I know, but---"
"And look at me! Do you think they'll want to touch me when I look likethis?"
I pursed my lips thoughtfully. Evidently, Amanda had already forgotten everyone's reaction to her a moment ago. "Do you remember that skimpy little black dress I bought you?" [refers to "Mandy's Sexcapades: Pantyless & Proud"].
"Of course. How could I forget?"
"Well, I didn't think you could look any sexier than you did that night when you wore it for the very first time. But I was wrong." I placed my hand on her tummy. It was still difficult to believe that there was a lifeform flourishing in there. "Everyone here worships you and loves you for who you are."
I could feel our friends staring at us with a palpable intensity, desperately waiting for the green light so they could descend on my wife, but Amanda and I focused solely on each other. She stared at me with such a tender and grateful expression that I suddenly felt heavy and rooted in place. As I often did before I shared her, I started having second thoughts and wondered if I might be better off keeping her for myself tonight.
She spoke softly so no one else could hear her. "You've shown me things... let me explore and experiment... more than a girl has any right to hope for. You've trusted me implicitly when I'm in the arms of other men, and I love you so much for it. There's nothing more I could possibly ask from you."
I gazed adoringly at my wife. She was already the most gorgeous thing I had, and would ever, lay eyes on, and at 7 and a half months pregnant, Amanda was such a thing of beauty that it made my heart ache. Even though I had given everything I possibly could and attempted to please her in any and every way imaginable, it still didn't seem like enough.
I needed to give my wife more; she deserved more.
"You don't have to ask, Mandy. Not now, not ever. I love you."
I knew I had to make an executive decision and assume command before things unraveled. I abruptly waved Dimitri over and whispered in his ear.
"Um, what are you guys muttering about?" Amanda asked suspiciously.
Dimitri blushed then chuckled when he heard what I had to say. Then he looked at her and blushed even brighter. "Are you sure, dude?"
"Trust me, I'm sure."
"What?" Amanda demanded.
I didn't bother answering. Instead, my best friend and I quickly rushed her. Amanda was too caught off guard to resist, and Dimintri and I easily hoisted her up onto our shoulders. I looked at the rest of the guys, who appeared as stunned as her.
"To the backyard!" I shouted.
Amanda's shocked response was drowned out by raucous cheering. At once, the men clustered around us. As Dimitri and I carried her on our shoulders as if she was a quarterback who had just thrown a last-second, game-winning touchdown, they followed us like a closely packed mob. At least Glenn, Philip, and Dimitri were considerate enough to prop Amanda up with one arm each, making sure she didn't fall.
Or perhaps they just wanted to feel her.
The hooting and hollering was nonstop as we carefully made our way out of the house and into the backyard. The area was shielded from public view, and we'd be able to have all the fun that our hearts desired.
But we'd have to keep the noise down so the neighbors wouldn't call the police, I thought humorously.
Once we were on the soft grass, I signaled Dimitri to stop. However, the guys were still swarming us, anxious for a piece of Amanda.
"Step back, give us some room," I snarled.
Everyone immediately complied. No one dare get on my bad side because if they wanted my wife tonight, they realized that they would need my blessing as much as hers. They kept their distance as Dimitri and I carefully lowered Amanda onto the ground. She wore a bemused expression that was equal parts excitement, confusion, and trepidation.
"Dimitri, can you give us a moment?"
"Of course." He joined the others and ushered them even further back, affording us some privacy.
"Outhere? Really, babe?"
"I didn't think we'd all fit in bed with you," I deadpanned impudently. "And I figured the grass would be soft enough that you'd be comfortable." My expression suddenly became sheepish. "Plus, I'vealwayswanted to have sex outdoors."
We laughed and hugged each other, then turned around. The guys were standing several yards away and watching us with hopeful expressions that were so intense and desperate that it bordered on comical. All either of us had to do was give them a signal, and they would pounce on Amanda in an instant.
She sighed one final time, shook her and, and pressed her forehead to mine. "Just remember, I'm doing this more for you than I am for myself."
Everyone surged forward like water bursting from a dam.
"Wait!" Amanda's voice cracked like a whip.
Everyone froze.
"My husband gets first dibs."
I was so surprised and delighted that I wanted to jump and scream to the heavens. "God, I fucking love you, Mandy."
The others crowded around as we undressed each other. Amanda and I purposefully took our time knowing that it would heighten the tension and provoke their lust. I slowly unwrapped the towel from her body, letting it fall onto the grass as her swollen stomach and engorged breasts pop into view. We heard an intake of breath from all around us.
Clearly, everyone marveled at her beautiful, pregnant form as much as I did.
Just like I knew they would.
"You're still so fucking hot!" Bryan exclaimed between whistles and catcalls, practically drooling.
He couldn't see her eyeroll.
Amanda then returned the favor by removing my clothing, lastly dropping to her knees to pull down my pants and underwear to finally free my erection from its painful confines. She started to stand up, but I placed a restraining hand on her shoulder.
"Stay there." I waggled my erection in front of her face. "You know what to do."
She looked up and smirked, and I winked in response.
Amanda placed her hands on my hips to steady herself and opened her mouth wide.
"So it begins!" Glenn announced excitedly.
There were appreciative "oohs" and "ahhs" as my wife ingested my dick and began to blow me. We positioned ourselves so that they could see my shaft disappearing smoothly down her throat from a profile view. She worked me over exquisitely with a combination of lips and tongue. As I often did when my wife sucked my cock, I stared down at her and played with her silky hair. Even though I was engrossed by the wonderful sucking sensation, I still heard a flurry of activity around us. I looked to the side as Amanda continued to work her magic on me, and saw everyone hurriedly stripping out of their clothes.
It was such a powerful and euphoric feeling and, quite frankly, a major ego boost to be the object of every man's ire as my beautiful wife slowly sucked me off from her knees before their envious eyes. I reveled in the resentful and impatient looks that they threw my way, knowing that no matter how many times they might enjoy her body, her heart would always belong to me... that Amanda wasmine.
I would claim her first tonight.
They circled us now, watching and stroking themselves ravenously. I stood with my head held high and back erect as my wife continued to give me superb head. We purposefully took our time to play, and play for, the audience, augmenting our own arousal. A sense of exhilaration as great as I had ever experienced washed over me as Amanda quickly brought me to climax with her mouth. A moment before I erupted, I seized her head in place, furiously pumping my hips into her face. I howled in triumph, and the spectators' applause amplified my orgasm a hundredfold.
She swallowed every last drop.
"So much for your no fly zone!" I chortled.
Amanda's laughter in response was drowned out by my still semi-rigid cock and, unable to contain herself, she began to choke. I quickly pulled out, and she gasped for air. Once my wife had recovered, she stared up at me from her knees and wiped the sticky residue from her chin with the back of her hand, looking unbelievably sexy in doing so. Amanda's eyes were bright and alive, and I knew she would have the energy to satisfy everyone multiple times tonight.
A random observer might think my wife was a helpless victim, considering she was outnumbered 6 to 1 by men who were going to take turns ravaging her body for the next several hours.
But she was going to get the better of us tonight.
It was her time to shine.
Amanda looked derisively at the men who were creeping towards her as I backed away. They appeared ready to lunge when she coolly threw down the gauntlet. "Who's next?"
Most of them hesitated, stunned by the challenge. Scott stirred first, but it was Glenn who elbowed his way to the forefront. He may have been the eldest of the group, but when it came to having sex with my wife, he was always the quickest to react, and descended upon her in a blur.
"Oh, Glenn," she whispered agonizingly, melting under of assault of her boss's touch and kisses as he gently eased her to the ground.
"I know, Baby Girl. I know we promised to stop these scandalous encounters. But when your husband called, I couldn't say no."
Amanda threw me a withering look as Glenn's lips were all over her neck and shoulders, and I merely grinned at her. Sure, encouraging my wife to continue sleeping with her boss could prove to be fatal... but only if we were caught!
Once he had Amanda laying on the soft grass, Glenn gently rolled her onto her right side and scooted himself behind her. I was observing them carefully as her belly seemed to distend and stretch to the side. Luckily, the ground provided perfect support, and my wife didn't appear to be in any discomfort. Glenn continued to kiss all over her neck; it seemed as though he couldn't get enough of that tonight.
Amanda closed her eyes and smiled as Glenn snuggled against her backside. After he kissed her for what seemed like the millionth time, she swiveled her head towards him, reached back and hooked an arm around his neck, drawing him close to merge her lips onto his.
My cock pulsed as I watched the two lovers. Amanda was twisting at the waist, causing her breasts to contort and stretch in a very appealing way. Keeping my eyes on them, I grabbed a nearby chaise lounge chair and dragged it closer to my wife. Reclining back and unraveling my legs, I tossed my cell phone onto the ground and began stroking myself in front of everyone without the least bit of shame.
Glenn reached down, and took a firm grasp of his erection as he rolled his hips forward. An audible sigh came from Amanda's lips as he penetrated her from behind. Glen's left leg hovered precariously over her as he began to make love to her gently in a spoon position.
I found myself nodding approvingly. Spooning was always a favorite of ours, made better by the fact that it was one of the few sex positions Amanda could presently tolerate because of her belly.
"Do you miss this, Baby Girl?" he breathed softly in her ear.
Amanda sighed and her voice was just a light and feathery. "I do, Glen... I really do."
The others stood around them, masturbating like me, waiting for an opportunity, seeking the slightest opening. Dimitri made his way over and stood next to me as we watched my wife.
"I hope you realize that you're a lucky bastard."
"You don't need to tell me that, Dimitri."
"Man, I love you like a brother. But I wouldn't hesitate to steal Amanda from you. I'd marry her and father a small army of children with her, and never share her with anyone. You know that, right?"
I was, in fact, well aware of that. I nodded without comment.
Glenn was now presently rocketing into my wife so hard that they grunted in unison, causing her tummy and breasts to wobble with each impact. He pulled her to his body and groaned, spasming as he dispersed his bodily fluids. Amanda smiled and cooed as she felt her boss's warmth flooding her insides.
Glenn was still injecting his semen into my wife when Scott and Bryan approached and, quite literally, pushed him aside. Amanda was still laying on her side and watching with a bemused expression as 2 new playmates replaced her old one. Scot immediately took the spot that Glenn had just vacated and slid into my wife's still creamy pussy. Meanwhile, Bryan sat onto the grass and wiggled himself beneath her head so that it rested on his lap. Never one to be gentle, he balled a fistful of Amanda's hair and pushed forward harshly, forcing his cock into her throat with an audible "gulp".
I never discovered if the duo had choreographed their intentions beforehand or not, but they ravished my wife in perfect synchronicity. Scott reamed Amanda from behind, reaching around to fondle and play with her breasts. Bryan held the base of his erection in one hand, thrusting his length in and out of her mouth relentlessly while he kept her head down with his opposite hand.
"That it, my hot cumslut," my wife's running partner grunted. "Suck it... suck it good. Show your husband whose cock you love!" He let go of her hair long enough to spank her.
Pinned between Scott and Bryan, Amanda was helpless. Her belly weighed her down like an anchor, decreasing her ability to move and resituate herself. Resigned to the fact that she couldn't escape her current predicament--- although, in truth, my wife didn't want to be anywhere else right now--- she relaxed her throat and vaginal muscles, and let them ruthlessly savage her from both ends as they pleased.
I was rock-hard as I looked on. My erection an angry red color with purplish veins threatening to burst out as I massaged myself.
Scott suddenly gestured to his tag-team partner, and they traded places. Now our neighbor was having Amanda swallow his cock while Bryan spooned her. At one point, Scott withdrew from her mouth and tapped his penis against her freckled cheek, flicking thick drops all over the side of her face. When he subsequently held himself still for my wife slip into her mouth again, a large bubble mushroomed from his cockhead. She licked it cleanly and swallowed.
"How does he taste, Mandy?"
"Same as the last few times... maybe just a little bit saltier and thicker."
Everyone roared as Amanda giggled and swallowed our neighbor whole once more.
I closed my eyes and pictured Scott's wife naked. Brandy was almost as far along in her pregnancy as Amanda. She was experiencing much more discomfort, but still looked fantastic. I suddenly ached for Brandy... wished she was here so I could hold her... fuck her and play with her enormous tits... while we watched her husband and the rest of the men lining up to enjoy Amanda.
How awesome would it be to for Scott's wife to be present right now? To be circulated as a sex toy just like we were passing Amanda around?
The thought of Brandy, combined with the sight of my own wife giving an excellent account of herself, was too much to withstand. Amanda's audience didn't even notice as I moaned and climaxed, spouting several large globs of cum onto the grass below me.
I exhaled sharply and leaned back into the chaise to continue watching.
Scott and Bryan were soon writhing and yowling, and I grinned as it was their turn to blow their wad. Bryan came first, disengaging from my wife while jerking off like a madman. I was actually surprised that he pulled out, but observed as he lifted himself up and cream all over Amanda's belly.
"Oh, yeah!" Scott cried.
He yanked himself out, too, leaving her mouth only partially filled with cum. Then, like his partner, he aimed his prick at my wife's tummy before discharging all over it with a loud splatter.
Bryan cackled as he and Scott unleashed load after load, targeting Amanda's midsection. When they were finished, Bryan stood and intentionally towered over her, pointing gleefully at her defiled belly.
"Baby, I think we just a foursome with you and your unborn child!"
Amanda struggled to sit up, and Scott instantly lurched forward to assist her. "You're such an asshole, Bryan, you know that?"
He sneered and blew her a kiss. "I never claimed to be anything else. Don't worry, I'll be seeing youbothagain real soon."
Having achieved his own gratification, Bryan moved off to the side, whistling a happy tune.
I watched the entire exchange with a brand new erection.
Scott was still supporting Amanda. "Are you ok?" He asked with genuine concern.
Her face split into a crooked grin. "Of course."
Our neighbor appeared astonished, and Amanda laughed heartily.
"Goddamn it. Please, I still want you, Amanda."
But Dimitri had stepped over to the tall man and tapped him on the shoulder. Scott's expression was like a thundercloud, and he appeared ready to fight my best friend.
I started to rise. It was often difficult overseeing these gangbangs because there would be inevitable fights over Amanda; they always wanted either more time with her or to be the next in line to fuck her. As a result, I often had to play peacekeeper.
Amanda spoke into our Scott's ear, and he immediately stomped away.
My wife and best friend smiled affectionately at each other.
"Hey, Amanda." Dimitri failed at keeping his voice casual.
"Hey, you big teddy bear."
Dimitri extended his hands. "Stand up."
Amanda took them, and let him pull her to her feet. I watched curiously as he guided her to the large apple tree that was growing near the center of our backyard. They were just out of earshot, so I couldn't hear what Dimitri was saying to my wife. But she nodded, then leaned as far forward as her belly would allow, extending both arms against the tree trunk with her legs in a V-shape.
I smiled because I guessed what our friend was about to do.
Flexing slightly at the knees to line his prick up with my wife's pussy, Dimitri glided into her with an impassioned sigh. He started slowly, but gradually quickened the pace, latching onto her hips for stabilization. It wasn't long before my friend was bucking wildly. Amanda twisted her head back, and spoke several encouraging words to him with a glorious smile. Dimitri then leaned forward so that his body was completely draped on her backside, and they kissed, their lips and tongue movements visible even from my distant vantage point.
Gradually, their lovemaking did slow down. Dimitri was soon lazily sliding in and out of Amanda with a relaxed rocking motion, and their kissing wasn't quite as frenzied. His hands had been attending to her breasts, but I discovered they were currently rubbing her tummy in a gentle and loving... almost... manner.
I felt a stab in my heart as I wondered what my best friend must be thinking right now. He had fallen in love with Amanda from the very moment I introduced them to each other. Other the years, they became quite close, and might have even had a future together if it wasn't for me.
As I always did, I pushed the sympathy from my heart. I understood why Dimitri loved Amanda, and why any man who knew her instantly became smitten with her. But Amanda was MY wife. I cherished her more than life itself, and her heart belonged to ME. Dimitri, like everyone else, would have to settle for moments like these with her.
It was more than generous, I thought.
Dimitri's hoarse cry brought me back to the moment. When I looked up, he was euphorically jerking off all over Amanda's ass. He was apparently saving himself for today because the copious amount of semen he pasted her with seemed downright comical, if not nearly impossible. There was even a healthy dose oozing out of her vagina and rolling down her inner thigh!
When Dimitri was finally spent, Amanda stood to full heighten, turned and embraced him. They kissed once more, long and hard, beneath the apple tree and under the open sky which provided a romantic backdrop. Dimitri spoke something in her ear, and she laughed kindly, beaming a smile that was as radiant as the sun. As he mournfully back away, he held on tightly to her hands and seemed unwilling to let go. Eventually, my best friend did release them, but his hands drifted to her stomach again and lingered there as he touched and caressed it, fantasizing for the countless time of a life could've been his as he stared at my wife and son.
Philip, despite being a mild-mannered and caring man, wasn't concerned with Dimitri's thoughts and feelings as he approached. The ponytailed Asian man gave Amanda a warm hug and, to my surprise, led her over to where I lay reclined.
"Mind if we join you?"
I swung my legs around and sat upright. "Be my guest." I told gestured to the empty space at the foot of the chaise.
Philip sat down at the edge and stroked his penis several times as he and my wife smiled shyly at each other. It elongated before our very eyes until his already large erection was even more massive. He called Amanda over and turned her around slowly by the hips. Philip's meat was so stiff that he didn't even need to hold it in place as he gently guided my wife onto it.
Amanda moaned and winced slightly as she was inexorably impaled. Due to the size of her belly, she had to adjust so that her body formed a V-shape with his, and leaned back and to support herself with an extended arm. Philip didn't mind since it afforded him the space to kiss and suck on her engorged nipple.
"Ahhh... that feels good," Amanda murmured encouragingly as she began to undulate her hips. In response, Philip began to move as well, thrusting gently upward.
"Very nice, you guys," I complimented as I watched her ride him in reverse cowgirl.
The handsome Asian man worked his way up, and was now feverishly kissing her. Their lips smacked and their tongues wrestled even as they grinded their hips against each other. I found myself drawing closer to get a better look, getting up and circling around to stand in front of them.
Amanda was still kissing Philip when she opened her eyes and stared directly into mine. Her smoldering look conveyed such confidence and sexual power that I immediately decided to join them without asking.
I was her husband, after all. I didn't need to seek permission from another man to fuck my wife.
Before I could even move towards them, however, my wife yelped as Philip suddenly pulled her backwards. Still physically attached to her, he shimmied them further up on the lounge chair. As he lay back, he rolled Amanda onto his body so that she was fully across his chest, then grabbed her behind her knees and yanked.
Philip began to pump his hips up into her again, but this time didn't hold back. He went from 0 to 60 instantaneously, and began skewering my wife with enough force to make her tits bounce. The others gathered around me as we watched, mesmerized by the sight of her battered pussy as Philip's shaft sawed in and out of it at blinding speed.
Someone---I didn't bother to look who--- reached past me to grope Amanda. One by one, the others stepped forward and began touching her as well... Scott rubbed the back of her thigh... Glenn caressed her freckled cheek... Bryan alternated between fondling her breast and tummy... Dimitri weaved his fingers through her silky hair.
Laying on top of Philip, Amanda was in too much of a compromised position to do anything but allow herself petted while being fucked. All eyes were on her.
It made her feel dirty, and she loved it.
My wife may have been almost 8 months pregnant, but she still surprisingly retained much of her pre-pregnancy athleticism and flexibility. She may not have been able to cross her ankles behind her head anymore, but she as still able to tolerate Philip drawing her knees back until they were in line with her ears.
"Look at her," Glenn gawked in admiration. "She's so voracious! So flexible... so beautiful and sexy."
"I don't think there's enough cock in the world to satisfy your wife," Bryan sneered at me.
Philip was spearing into Amanda faster now, but made another sudden move. Pulling her legs even further back, he slithered his arms behind her thighs then interlocked his fingers behind her head, compressing her knees against her own body. Amanda's ankles dangled wildly above her head and her arms flapped helplessly at the sides as that he ensnared her in an obscene full nelson.
Now she was completely at our mercy.
"Oh god! Yes!" Amanda cried. "I love it! Fuck me! Fuck me!"
Bryan swore in disbelief. "Goddamn, woman!"
I tried to hide my smile. My wife was typically humble, unassuming, and soft-spoken, but when the mood hit her--- especially when she was the center of everyone's attention during these gangbangs--- the claws came out and she practically became another person. A sexual dynamo!
The men's hands were all over her now, jostling for space as they poked and prodded, touched and groped wherever there was exposed flesh.
I had never witnessed Amanda so vulnerable, she was bent in half and tangled in Philip's strong arms. At the onset, I feared she was in considerable discomfort, but the lewd, semi-crazed words of encouragement spewing from her mouth informed me that no intervention was necessary.
With a raging hard-on, I elbowed my way past everyone until I stood over Amanda and Philip. The Asian man was still fucking her as he maintained the full nelson, but he slowed down considerably when he saw me.
I glanced over my sullied wife, who appeared like a slab of meat on a spit, crumpled with her arms and legs flailing haphazardly as everyone continued to paw at her.
"Are you going to save me?" she asked mockingly.
"No. I like watching you act like a cheap slut and getting fucked."
I reached down and rubbed her shaven clit. Amanda's back stiffened and she reflexively attempted to wiggle her hips in response to my touch, but Philip still had her secured in place. He continued to spear her slowly from below, but when he realized that I was joining in on the fun, he quickly ramped up again.
Still toying with Amanda's clit with one hand as she moaned in short, disjointed bursts, I reached for her chest with my free hand to tweak and pinch her sensitive, engorged nipples. She struggled against her bonds, and began to buck like an animal. But Philip maintained his fingers interlocked behind her head, keeping her knees pressed against her chest with her feet up in the air, and rendering her limbs all but useless.
Amanda appeared like never before, impaled on Philip's cock while pinned in half and compressed his stout body, a wildly lustful expression on her face. I didn't even realize I was stroking myself until a surge developed between my legs that I couldn't contain. Too caught up in a moment to worry about the consequences, I blasted Amanda with several massive cumshots right below her chin, grunting and moaning with each one. I watched in stark fascination as my thick spunk oozed down her skin and around her neck, forming a pearly white necklace.
The rest of the guys took my inadvertent cue and huddled around her as they masturbated.
"Is that it? Is that all you have for me?" she spat, knowing very well how to provoke her lovers.
Poor Philip was trapped beneath her as, one by one, they tookhercue and started dousing her with cum! No one bothered to aim, showering her with reckless abandon. Thick beads of semen began splattering all over her body... on her cheeks and neck with a few tiny streaks on her face... on her breasts... on the back of her thighs... Bryan, in particular, seemed to have a fetish for ejaculating on Amanda's swollen stomach. The Asian man didn't seem to mind the occasional friendly fire. If fact, he pummeled her vagina with a raging fury before erupting with a groan even as the cumbath flurried down on them from all sides.
I gaped at my wife as she gamely withstood the desecration of her body, her beautiful pregnant form covered in a creamy layer. She looked so sensational that I felt the urge to join the men and jerk off all over her again.
"I love you, Mandy."
She looked at me, too exhausted and battered to respond. Given that Philips fingers were still interlocked behind her head, she couldn't even give me a weak nod.
A loud ringing abruptly cut through the air, temporarily ruining the mood. I almost yelled a stern rebuke to the group when I recognized the ringtone as my own.
Then I remembered: I had one final surprise for Amanda.
I quickly picked up my cell phone, which lay forgotten in the grass, and answered it. "Hello... yes... yes, we already started...ok, I'll be right there."
Amanda was still trapped on Philip in a full nelson, but she somehow managed to twist her head to regard me. I purposely didn't make eye contact as I rushed off, abandoning her to the possession of 5 very horny men who wanted nothing more than to continue fucking her into oblivion, and leaving her startled expression and cum-drenched, bruised and battered figure behind.
******
I returned 2 minutes later with a large, king-sized flannel bedsheet. Naturally, I wasn't going to leave my wife alone for an extended period of time with these people. I had no doubts that they cared for her deeply on some level and would never do anything intentionally to hurt her. But, I was also aware that their sex-craze for Amanda superseded better judgment and self-control, so who knew what might happen in the heat of the moment? Even my best friend Dimitri couldn't be fully trusted around her in his hyper-aroused state. And given Amanda's somewhat delicate condition, I knew I had to closely monitor everyone.
Although I hadn't been gone for very long, clearly a lot had transpired. Amanda was no longer tangled up with Philip, but laying alone on the chaise lounge chair, breathing heavily and recovering. Everyone else was scattered on the grass, some strewn out in exhaustion while others were eying my wife for more fun. Glenn was pacing back and forth, stretching his limbs and back after having exerted himself immensely.
Amanda was staring at me curiously as I approached. "Where did you go?" she asked me casually as if she were inquiring about the weather. It was amusing, given that she was naked and covered from the neck down with the accumulated semen of the men who had just gangbanged her.
"I have a surprise for you."
"You mean,thiswasn't the surprise?" My wife struggled upright, and I gave her a hand. Once sitting up, she contorted in various angles to stretch her muscles. "Philip put a kink in my neck and almost dislocated my hip," she complained petulantly.
We looked over at him, and he appeared too horrified to speak. But Amanda laughed her musical, charming laugh, and the tall ponytailed man slowly smiled in spite of himself.
"And what are you going to do with my favorite flannel sheet? You better not event think of getting it dirty because---"
The words died in Amanda's throat as she noticed movement behind me.
"I told you I had a surprise for you, Mandy." I didn't bother turning around.
She was rooted in place, too stunned to speak, but a single word finally escaped her lips, so low that it was barely a whisper.
"Jimmy..."
I turned around.
Jimmy was the handsome young man who had been my wife's intern over a year ago. During their 6 months together, they had engaged in a torrid affair that had swept Amanda off her feet and became immortalized on the internet [Chapter 10]. Almost a decade younger than her, he stood nearly 6ft tall with medium-length brown hair that was neatly slicked back. Possessing a tan, weathered complexion that indicated a great deal of time spent outdoors, Jimmy's youthful eyes were sparkling blue. His rugged physical features, including his cheekbones, shoulders, and chest, seemed chiseled from granite.
Amanda had been completely smitten with him.
But the end of Jimmy's internship eventually arrived, and my wife was heartbroken when the young man moved to New Hampshire immediately afterwards. We had, of course, sent him on his way with a scorching threesome [Chapter 11], but I always suspected that Amanda took his loss even harder than she let on. However, they kept in close contact and remained somewhat faithful to each other.
Jimmy was walking towards us in measured steps. He had removed his clothing as directed before exiting our house, and was naked like the rest of us. Judging by the enormity of his erection, he was happy to see my wife again.
Amanda stared at me then back at her former intern. I beamed inwardly as she struggled to keep herself from crying. She was obviously not expecting Jimmy, and overjoyed. I accepted long ago that they shared a special bond, and that he would always possess an untouchable piece of her heart. Above all the people whom Amanda had slept with, Jimmy had captivated her in a way that no one else did, or ever could.
Not even me.
Strangely, I was ok with that. I knew my wife cared for Jimmy in her own unique way, but I trusted her completely. Amanda would never deceive me or have sex with someone without my permission; she would be my faithful wife and loving mother to our child for the rest of her life, and I would be her devoted husband and dedicated father forever.
It was with that confidence and certainty that I was willing to share her love.
"Omigod." Amanda turned to me once more, her eyes brimming. That, in turn, made me well up with emotion.
The others were behind us, so they couldn't see our expressions or hear our exchange.
"Go to him."
Amanda hesitated until I prodded her gently.
"Thank you," she whispered, hugging me tearfully. "I love you so much."
I held onto her fiercely as a fit of jealousy came over me. It wasn't like me to be possessive of her, but sometimes, during these moments of weakness, I couldn't help myself. I suddenly felt a dagger through my heart knowing that she was about to happily enter the arms of another man. Sure, she had just sexually ploughed through 6 other people, but Jimmy was different.
This was more than just sex now because I believed she actually loved him.
But the moment was fleeting as I renewed my resolve and pushed the heartache aside. I trusted Amanda, after all, and wanted her to be safe and happy more than anything... even if that meant someone else making her happy.
Jimmy halted in his tracks when he saw us speaking quietly to each other. His smile was tender as he watched Amanda approach. However, she stopped an arm's length away and suddenly looked down at her soiled body. It was as if my wife was noticing her filthiness for the first time, and she was aghast.
"I'm so sorry," she stammered. "I'm so disgusting right now. I don't want you to see me like---"
"You look great, Amanda."
She visibly trembled.
"You're even hotter than the last time I saw you. Pregnant is a good look on you."
She blushed like a schoolgirl.
Jimmy then grinned impudently. "Of course, naked is a good look on you, too."
I had to admit, the young man knew how to charm my wife. I involuntarily took a step back as I watched her go to him, giving them the space and privacy that they deserved.
Amanda' former interned embraced her in a fierce hug. "I've missed you."
"I've missed you, too, Jimmy. I'm so glad you're here."
I turned away as they reacquainted themselves. Unfurling the bedsheet on the grass, I meticulously smoothed out the wrinkles.
Dimitri was intently watching Amanda and Jimmy make out as he walked over to me. "Who's the new guy?" The jealousy in his tone greatly outweighed the curiosity.
But Glenn was right behind him. "Is thatJimmy?" he demanded incredulously.
Hearing Glenn's vice, the young man detached himself from my wife and looked over. "Hey, Glenn," Jimmy greeted him with an embarrassed wave. "It's, uh, good to see you, too."
Glenn, who had a daughter older than Amanda, was my wife's direct boss, and Amanda, who was almost a decade senior to Jimmy, had been the young man's immediate supervisor. The three of them definitely made for a very interesting love triangle.
However, Glenn's face darkened dangerously, and it dawned on me, much to my horror, that he hadn't been aware of Amanda and Jimmy's affair!
"Wait, Glenn. Let me explain!"
Amanda attempted to stop the older man as he stormed past her, but he barreled through like a freight train, and left. She was weepily distraught and Jimmy had a bewildered look on his face.
"Stay here," I told them, retrieving my clothes from the ground. "I'll go after him."
I hastily dressed and rushed inside the house to look for Amanda's boss, but he was nowhere to be found.
Damn, I thought. For an older man, he sure did move fast.
In the distance, I heard the start of an engine. I peered out the front window just in time to see Glenn speeding away in his BMW.
I returned outside, where Jimmy was comforting my wife, and the rest of the guys were milling about.
"I couldn't catch him, but I'm sure everything will be fine," I assured my wife.
But Amanda was still sobbing as she looked at Jimmy. "He never knew about us. During the entire time, I was too afraid to tell him that---"
But I cut her off. Tonight was intended to be a happy occasion, a celebration, for her. "Don't worry about him, Mandy. Glenn just needs to blow off some steam. He's a big boy, he'll get over it." I suddenly felt an inexplicable fury at the older man. "It's not like he owns you. He's got his own wife, so he's not one to judge." Besides, I thought to myself, Glenn knew that he wasn't the only man my wife was having an affair with. How dare he get mad at her!
"He's got kids and grandkids, too," Jimmy added glibly.
"Shut up, Jimmy!" Amanda smacked him on the shoulder, but she was now laughing and smiling through the tears.
They were in each other's arms once more. I caught Jimmy's attention, and made a curt motion with my head to the flannel bedsheet on the grass. Nodding in thanks, he smoothly led my wife over to it.
Everything felt right again as I joined the rest of the group, who had observed the scene with Amanda, Jimmy, and Glenn with confusion. But now our attention reverted back to my wife as she dropped to her knees and began to re-familiarize her mouth with Jimmy's cock.
I sighed, a tight smile on my lips. "She's something, isn't she?" I commented to no one in particular.
"That's my girl," Dimitri uttered in approval as he watched in appreciation.
Bryan licked his lips and started towards them as he stroked himself, but I placed a firm hand on his shoulder and halted him. "Why don't you sit this one out, loverboy?"
Amanda's running partner laughed, but his expression changed when he noted my severity. "What are we supposed to do, just stand here and watch?" he whined.
I looked at my wife. Almost 8 months pregnant with our first child, she was more beautiful than ever. She was a sight to behold as she worked over Jimmy's erection and balls hungrily with her mouth and hands, leaving a slimy trail of their combined bodily fluids wherever her lips moved. The young man stood in a wide stance with his hands on his hips, a rapturous expression adorning his face as my wife reminded him of her sexual expertise.
It was a long while, after the couple lustfully pulled each other down onto the bedsheet to consummate their love, when I finally answered Bryan without bothering to look at him:
"Yes."
******
Those of us who remained... myself, Dimitri, Philip, Bryan, Scott, and Jimmy... each took at least another turn with my wife, either individually, or in groups of two's and three's, before the night was over. She was a sex fiend, and it was hard to believe that a pregnant woman possessed the most stamina out of all of us!
Amanda stretched languidly on the bedsheet, seemingly uncaring that it was filthy, and drenched in sweat and semen like her entire body. She absently rubbed her belly, whether in a self-comforting way or to appease the restless lifeform inside, I didn't know. I simply lay by her on the grass, drained.
We were all spent and, quite frankly, I wanted my wife to rest even though I suspected she craved more cock. Eventually, with a little bit of prodding, our guests began to gather themselves and get dressed. Amanda and I were still laying naked beside each other when Philip led the group over to us. I assisted her to her feet.
"We wanted to... thank you both for showing us such a wonderful evening. It had been way too long since we've been able to... get together like this." Then the handsome Asian looked directly at Amanda, and a surprising wave of emotion washed over his face. "Your beauty and passion is second to none. I think I speak for all of us, Ms. Amanda, when I tell you that we love you."
Everyone murmured in agreement.
"I love you, Amanda," Dimitri spoke up with a thickness in his voice.
"I love you, too," Scott added, forgetting about his own pregnant, stunning wife for a moment.
Even Bryan, who was always making vulgar comments at Amanda, appeared on the verge of breaking down. "I love you so much, Amanda, that it hurts." He spoke in a whisper, as if afraid to reveal his true feelings to everyone, including himself.
"I'll never love anyone like I love you," Jimmy declared solemnly to my wife.
Amanda was emotional as she regarded her lovers, and cried. She attempted to speak, but words failed her. I watched her struggle to compose herself and actually felt sorry for her.
"We can never do this again," she told them abruptly. Her voice almost broke, but she managed to stay resolute.
The men shifted restlessly and some of them mumbled a dejected response. I was expecting a near riot, or at least for some of them to argue or attempt to convince her otherwise. But to a man, they nodded glumly.
This was the way things had to end, and we all knew it.
"But that doesn't mean that what we had wasn't special," Amanda continued. "I will always cherish what I had with each of you. You are all unique and meaningful to me, and please believe me when I tell you that I will hold you in my heart forever." She swallowed hard, and this time her voice did crack. "I love you all."
My wife hugged each of them as they left one by one.
"Good-bye," Dimitri told her. His relationship to us was never that simple, and now it was more complicated than ever. My best friend must've sensed that, too, because he couldn't look at us as he walked out.
After Dimitri departed, Philip stepped up. Taking my wife's hand, he kissed it respectfully before turning to me. "You're right, my friend. She looks better than ever. I wish you and your family nothing but health and happiness." Without another word, he left, and we were unsure if we'd ever see the ponytailed Asian man ever again.
Bryan was next, and he still appeared anguished. "I'll still think of you whenever I fuck my girlfriend," he blurted. Once, mere moments ago, Amanda would've rolled her eyes or responded with a biting retort. But she knew that he was being open and honest. "We'll see how I feel after the baby arrives, Bryan. Maybe I'll be able to train with our group again in a few months."
"In a few months," he echoed. "I... I don't know how I can wait that long to see you again." Bryan appeared like he was about to say more, but instead made a hasty exit.
"I'll see you around, neighbor."
"I'm sure we will, Scott. How's Brandy holding up? I haven't heard from her in over a week." Amanda tried to speak to him nonchalantly, as if having sex with him multiples tonight hadn't occurred.
"Oh, I forgot to tell you both that she says hello. Brandy's doing ok. She's not... um, tolerating pregnancy quite as well as you are, but she and the baby are healthy, and that's all that matters." He smiled and nodded before trudging home next door where his voluptuous, busty wife anxiously waited for him, as well as for a detailed summary of what had transpired here this evening.
Knowing Brandy, she'd be upset that she couldn't participate in the festivities.
Amanda purposely left Jimmy for last, blushing like a schoolgirl again as they stood face to face. "When do you have to leave?" she asked him quietly.
"Right away."
My wife did well to hide her disappointment, and even I was surprised. The young man had come a long way from New Hampshire, and I was expecting him to spend the weekend with us--- or, at the very minimum, tonight--- knowing full well that it would undoubtedly lead to more fun... or trouble, depending on how we looked at it.
"I already miss you, Jimmy."
"Me, too." He gazed at my wife's distended tummy, and smiled warmly at us. "Congratulations again, I'm very happy for you both. I hope everything goes well. Parenthood... wow, I can't even imagine." He shook my hand and gave her a farewell hug. "Good luck, Amanda."
"Good-bye, Jimmy."
I found myself suddenly alone with my wife and oddly unable to speak. I shared her sorrow, but something more profound was happening, too: the sense that one chapter of our lives was closing, but that another one was opening... one that would have the happiest ending of all fairytales.
Amanda, my beautiful wife whom I loved more than anything--- no, whom I loved as much as our son--- pressed her forehead to mine. "Come on, babe. Let's go wash up."
I raised an eyebrow and stared at her. "Let's go wash up" was our secret code for "Let's have sex". After the multiple gangbangs and severe fucking that guys and I had just given her, followed by her apparent heartbreak, Amanda couldn't possibly be hungry for more sex.
Could she?
******
Epilogue
Amanda cooed softly. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder as she snuggled against me.
We were completely spent. I was convinced that she had extracted every last drop of sweat and cum from me, and I ached in places where I had never hurt before. However, as bad of shape as I was in, I couldn't imagine what Amanda must be feeling right now after the pounding she endured from us all night.
We lay quietly in bed for some time, holding each other as I listened to her breathe.
Out of nowhere, an inspired thought suddenly popped into my head. It felt so right that I shook my wife excitedly.
"Mmm, babe. Please... let me rest. I'm really tired... and hurting," she murmured, on the verge of falling asleep.
"Mandy, I know what we should name our son."
"I thought you wanted to name him after you and your father?"
"I have a better idea."
"Ok..."
"Let's name him 'James'."
Amanda bolted upright. She was fully awake now.
"It's perfect, don't you agree?"
She couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Babe, we can't... I don't want you hating our son every time you look at him."
"I couldn't hate him any more than I could hate you. It's crazy, and I don't know why, but the name just feelsright." I looked at her hopefully. "Do you like it?"
My wife smiled at me in a way that always made me weak in the knees and warm all over. "I LOVE it."
We touched our foreheads together.
Less than a month later, our son James arrived.
The End...???