Its Saturday night and I like to go out with my Girlfriends and go clubbing and dancing, often one of the girls pulls and as we all still stay at home with our parents this either means going home with a guy we have just met or doing what we call brick walling.
There are some simple rules for brick walling that we all try to keep to. You need to hook up with a guy that looks like he can lift you up and hold you against a wall and fuck you, you need to wear a skirt and no tights, no matter how cold it gets. High heels help depending on your height and always tell one of the girls which brick wall you are taking your new friend to.
Apart from that it's up to each girl to do what she wants. We're a good pack of friends me and my girls there's 5 of us. Me(I'm Rachel, the 5'6 brunette), Sarah the 5'2 blonde, Sophie who is between us both in height but who has a rack that most girls and most guys would die for, Emma the slender model type with the figure that we all want and which she claims she does nothing for! And lastly Daisy who funnily enough is the slightly hippy girl who always wears floaty little dresses and has her hair slightly curled at all times. When we go out we always have a great time.
So as I said I'm Rachel I'm 5'6 but like to wear a 3 inch heel which makes me a great height for fucking up against a wall for most of the 6 foot plus guys I like to pull. I've got a B cup tits which have lovely pink nipples which with the right attention can totally make me cum. I like to dress in red and black and while I am just starting out on my career after graduating I have a strict "no colleagues" rule when it comes to dating. I don't really like dating anyway, I'm too young to settle down and having a guy in tow would just mean I see less of the girls.
It was Daisy who invented the term Brick walling and once she described her first time to us we all knew that we had to do it.
We had all gone out clubbing and there was a lot of dancing and a lot of flirting going on between us and this group of guys we had met. I was dancing with this great looking guy who obviously spent a lot of time in the gym and had great muscles and a serious 6 pack, it was just getting to the stage where I was letting him slide a leg in-between my legs when we danced so I could grind against it when Daisy grabbed me away. She quickly apologised and said she just had to let me know she was going to go home with this guy. He was super cute but a bit on the small side for my liking but pretty much perfect for Daisy. I said you sure and she wasn't 100% and she said maybe she would just take him outside for a while and see how it went.
About 20 minutes later she comes back in grabs me and takes me to the girl's loos. I could tell she was OK but her hair was really messed up and her lipstick had smeared more than a bit. She giggled and told me the story.
I took him outside and we were just chatting but the bouncer told us to move away from the entrance. We moved round the side of the club and there is an alleyway there where the bouncers park their cars etc. We moved together and started to kiss, just little kisses at first but I heard his breathing get more rapid as the kissing went on. I couldn't help myself and pressed my body against his feeling his erect cock pushing against my stomach it felt a nice size. He pulled me closer and slid a hand down my back to the top of my arse. As he cupped my bum I moaned into his mouth and pushed myself harder against him. I moaned out loud as he pushed me hard against the wall crushing my breasts against his chest. The rough feeling of the brick one side and the hard body on the other was making me really hot and I knew I was getting really wet. As his other hand circled my throat pressing lightly I moaned into his mouth and our tongues lashed each other. Thing were getting frantic now and I knew I want to fuck him, knew I wanted to have him here and now and I didn't care if anyone could hear or see us I needed him in me.
I moved my hand between us and rubbing his cock through his trousers it was a good size and I could hardly wait to get it inside me. I fumbled for his buttons and felt his hand come down to help. By now I think we both knew that we were going to fuck right here it was really exciting to be so exposed so out in the open with the potential to be discovered and I have never been a quiet girl when getting fucked well.
As I pushed his trousers and boxers down just enough to free his hard cock, I whispered in his ear fuck me, fuck me now. His hands shot to the hem of my dress pushing it up, I was stupidly wearing tights but he realised this and I gasped as he simple ripped them apart at the crotch his fingers moved up and I moaned out loud as he brushed my pussy he rubbed me for a second or 2 through my pants then he simply moved them to one side. He stopped and looked me in the eye for a second and said put your hands round my neck as I did so he lifted me up I wrapped my legs around his waist and he pushed forward into my cunt filling me in a single stroke and pushing me back hard against the wall. It felt amazing as he fucked me hard against the wall.
I had never been so turned on and knew I was going to cum and cum hard I started to scream fuck meeeeeee, I'm cummmmmmiiinnggggggg with a final urgh and an explosion I came all over his cock and he was still pounding me against the wall. This had all been so frantic that as he started to speed up I suddenly thought about the lack of birth control but I could feel another orgasm building and as he pulled all the way out and into me again in long delicious strokes I was urging him on I needed to feel him cum inside me. Cum for me babeeeee I cried cum in my pussy, give me your baby! I think this tipped him over the edge and he came in 4 big burst I could feel it filling my pussy and starting to run out and down my thighs. I am sure I looked a right mess.
As he put me down he said with a big smile that was awesome, I agreed it sure was but when he gave me his number somehow I knew I wasn't going to phone him nothing could be better than tonight.
I couldn't believe that this was Daisy telling me this story but the ripped tights and look of I've just been fucked were hard to ignore, but what about birth control I said you're not on the pill are you. No she replied I guess the chemists will be getting a visit in the morning given how much he came I can't risk it, well we've all been there I replied and as she tidied herself up and threw her tights away I could tell she felt it had all been worth it. I knew she would tell the rest of the girls and I knew that next time I want to get fucked against a wall by some random stranger knew I needed to make it happen, needed the thrill that Daisy had but that's another story...