One hot and humid Saturday morning, my husband and I went to HD (I would rather not name the home improvement store just in case they incorporate some kind of search engine that picks up their name in any uploads.) to look at fixtures, cabinets etc.
The night before, we had gone out with two other couples for dinner and played miniature golf. I have never beaten my husband in anything related to golf, so I conspired with the other wives to do whatever it took to distract our husbands, and we all successfully beat our husbands at miniature golf.
Our gloating was relentless, and I didn't stop the next morning, at which point, my husband said that he was "GOING TO GET ME BACK."
That Saturday morning I was dressed in a short cotton skirt with a tan cotton top, and my teeny string bikini leopard print panties.
I continued to rib my husband about golf the night before and could tell that he was getting a little peeved, but not in a bad way. He definitely was planning something.
We went into HD and ended up in one of the very back aisles by ourselves looking at sinks and faucets for a bathroom remodel that we were doing. I was squatting down looking through the boxes of faucets, and as I started to stand up, my husband took advantage of my awkward position and very quickly and successfully pulled my skirt down off of my hips. Since the waist on my skirt was elastic, once it was past my hips it easily fluttered to my feet and I was half standing/half squatting in my teeny leopard print panties.
I was so surprised by my husband's action that in reacting to my skirt heading for the floor, I tried to stand up which caused me to lose my balance as my skirt was around my ankles. In trying to regain it, I managed to completely step out of my skirt and was now skirt less in HD.
I was lucky that my husband was able to catch me under my arms to keep me from crashing to the ground. However, the placement of his hands, while grabbing for me, resulted in my cotton top ascending up my torso as my body descended towards the ground. Thank goodness my nylon-covered bottom touched the floor before my quickly rising cotton top fully exposed me, as I wasn't wearing a bra.
I ended up sitting on the floor of HD in my teeny panties with my legs fully extended, my skirt lying about 20 inches from my feet, and my cotton top lifted to just below my breasts.
I was now sitting in the aisle with just a pair of leopard print panties and a little summer top on, and in no position to cover myself back up in a hurry.
Have you ever sat on air-conditioned cement with nothing but a thin layer of nylon between you and the floor? My body reacted to the sudden chill by creating goose bumps all over my arms and legs along with two very noticeable bumps under my top.
It was exactly at this point, that my husband and I simultaneously noticed another HD shopper standing in our aisle only about 15 feet away. He was a distinguished looking man in his early 50's with the most incredible blue/gray eyes. The poor man was trying so hard to be discreet, but at the same time couldn't help looking at my exposure. His eyes seemed to be at war with themselves as he tried to look away and at the same time stared at my bare legs, teeny panties, and exposed stomach.
It's funny to realize this, but I actually felt sorry for him.
Finally, after what seemed to be forever, I regained some composure, if there was any to be regained, and pulled my top back down to my waist and attempted to stand up.
The gentleman quickly came over and grabbed one arm while my husband had the other, and they lifted me to my feet.
We introduced ourselves, and tried to explain what had happened. His name was Tom, and he explained that he and his wife of 30 years had done some pretty crazy things in their time as well.
We talked about remodeling, fixtures, and life in general.
It is still difficult for me to understand this, but I was so mesmerized by the conversation and Tom's blue/gray eyes that I completely forgot that I was standing in the bathroom fixture aisle of HD in a summer top and leopard print panties. With my skirt still lying on the floor about 3 feet away from me.
I did notice some other customers walk past our aisle and stare, but didn't immediately put two and two together.
After 5 minutes or more, I shockingly realized my state of undress and quickly took one step over to my skirt, and bent over to pick it up. I now had my panty covered bottom facing directly towards our new acquaintance. I noticed a complete and total silence in his conversation, and knew that my current pose was the cause of it.
I picked up my skirt, leaned against a display, placed my feet into the skirt and pulled it up to my waist. This simple act of getting redressed gave our new acquaintance possibly the only view of me that he hadn't seen up to this point i.e. my panty covered bottom.
I would assume by the silence that my act of getting redressed took center attention.
So I ask myself, "Was it the leopard print, or my nylon covered bottom that was appreciated?" I guess I will never know.
Tom was a perfect gentleman about everything, and we enjoyed our conversation with him.
When it was time to leave, we walked out to the parking lot together and he said that it was very nice meeting us and how this will be the most memorable visit that he will ever have to an HD. His last words were, "Thanks for the show." I said, "Hey Tom!" and as he looked over to me standing at the door of our car, I turned away from him, lifted my skirt and wiggled my bottom at him, while saying, "You're welcome."
Who would have ever thought that you could meet such nice people while sitting in your string bikini leopard print panties on the floor of an HD?