The following evening I joined His Lordship and Her Ladyship for dinner at a restaurant in town. It always worked this way: we'd have a number of engagements together for a few days, and then hardly anything for a few weeks.
On evenings like this, the pretence of a married couple meeting their younger niece was a good cover story. I dressed smartly, perhaps with something a little low cut or a touch higher above the knee than a niece might usually wear, but not so much as to attract attention, and my clients always wore discreetly expensive clothes.
"And you're all set for our little gathering the evening after tomorrow, Camilla?" Her Ladyship asked me. As she spoke she placed her hand on my forearm; after the events of the previous day, it seemed that she was suddenly more comfortable with physical contact.
"Absolutely," I beamed. It wasn't even an option not to go: I wasn't going to let my most important client down. "The big question is, are you ready?" I asked her.
They exchanged a glance. "Mostly," she replied, "But I'm really hoping to get a new outfit for it."
"We were hoping you could help out with picking something tomorrow," His Lordship said.
"Of course!" I replied, "I'd love to!"
Actually, I'd planned the day off, but when your best client shouts "jump"... well, you know.
"What sort of outfit were you thinking of?" I asked.
I didn't need to add that my time would all be on-the-clock: our agreement was very clear cut, and we never needed to discuss finances. It would break the illusion to do so.
"There's a place I use, a little boutique," she told me, "They'll usually put a room aside for me if I call ahead."
Of course, I thought, when someone spends as much as Her Ladyship, any clothing store would bend over backwards to accommodate her privacy.
"Shall we say, two o'clock?" she asked me.
I broke into a wide smile. "Perfect." I would say that, whether it was perfect or not. "Just text me the address and I can meet you there?"
The three of us talked while we finished our meal, and I flirted with them both. I felt able to touch Her Ladyship's arm from time-to-time as we conversed, perfectly naturally, but we all knew exactly what it meant. She seemed more alive when we parted than when she had arrived and I hoped they would have a pleasurable evening together.
The next day I arrived at the boutique and looked at the window display: nothing had a price on it, a sure sign that I couldn't afford it. I went inside and spoke to the attendant about our plans for the afternoon and discovered that Her Ladyship was already in the back room with a personal shopper. For a second I was mortified: I was supposed to arrive before the client! But according to the I was ten minutes early, so I wasn't at fault.
I was led through to the back room where Her Ladyship was being a shown a range of evening dresses by a very elegant young woman.
"Thank you," Her Ladyship told the assistant, "I think I've got plenty here. I'll give you a call if I need anything else."
It was the effortless dismissal of someone with a life-long expectation of instructions being followed. The assistant, well-practised as she was, gave a nod of her head, a nod by way of greeting in my direction, and left the room.
"Camilla!" Her Ladyship said, "I had a free hour, so I got here early. I hope you don't mind."
I grinned: of course I didn't! And if I did, I couldn't say so.
"What have you found?" I asked. Not "what has been found for you", of course: Her Ladyship had to take full credit for her outfit choices.
"A bewildering array," she tailed off, indicating the rack of clothes. I have no idea how much all of the clothes she was choosing from might cost: it might be five thousand pounds, it might be fifty thousand.
Before I had become an escort, I had trained as a personal assistant for a time. With my background, and taste, it seemed the perfect career choice, and there were plenty of very wealthy women looking for someone to run their life for them. I could mingle with them as a near equal. It was only when I realised that I could make a lot more money if I just shifted my focus away from one client to many, and I had no qualms about using my body to do it, that I left my training.
"Let's see," I said, flicking through the racks. The personal shopper had chosen well, although she couldn't know as much of Her Ladyship's tastes as I did, so I was able to dismiss a few items.
"Try these on," I said, putting a handful of long, conservative evening gowns at the end of the rack.
"Thank you, Camilla. I think I'd be here all day without you." She smiled and placed a hand on my shoulder: there was the touch that would have been taboo just three days ago.
She took the first dress from the rack and walked to the changing room at the back. I went and sat patiently on one of the chairs with my legs crossed, my foot bobbing as I looked around the room at the other designer dresses that hadn't been deemed appropriate. On the whole, I agreed with the personal shopper's choices, and Her Ladyship would have eliminated the ones she didn't like. So why was my presence required at all?
Her Ladyship reappeared in the long, flowing scarlet floor-length gown I had picked out for her. It had a sweetheart neckline and she wore a matching short-sleeved blouse to cover her shoulders.
I wished I could push her to something a little more daring: there was no need for the blouse, not with her figure and her beautiful, clear skin.
"Do you think you need the blouse?" I asked her.
"I do," she said, and I could tell by her tone there was no room for negotiation.
"Try the next one," I suggested with a smile, "That one looks perfect, but we might find something better than perfect." She smiled, picked up the next dress and returned to the changing room.
Within a few minutes she reappeared again. The dress was just as long as the last but jet black. It made her look incredibly thin. It was sleeveless but had a high neckline and thick shoulder straps.
"I like that one better already," I said truthfully, "The black is so elegant, and you have lovely arms."
She blushed at the compliment, and I felt that, had it come from anyone else, it might not have drawn the same reaction.
"Turn around," I said, and she span on her feet, enjoying the attention.
"That's our prime contender right there," I said, "But let's see the next one anyway."
She smiled, and the next item was taken back to the changing room. Again, a few minutes later, she re-emerged in a long, red gown that had thick folds of cloth around the collar. It made her breasts look like they were hanging in two slings and did not suit her at all.
"Okay," I said laughing, "I think we can ditch that one." She joined me in laughing.
"Hang on," I said, and I reached for dress on a rack that the personal shopper had not chosen. It was the same colour as the one she was wearing, which suited her perfectly, but without the excessive folds of cloth. "Try this one," I said, handing it over.
She took it back to the changing room and I waited.
She looked stunning as she stepped out. The plunging v-neck showed her smooth chest and her delicate shoulders, and her bare arms were almost impossibly elegant. The thing that stood out, that ruined the whole picture, was that you could see half of her bra poking out of it.
"I don't think this is for me..." she began to say.
"Don't be silly!" I interrupted. I wanted to ask her directly: you want me to make you feel sexy? Well, I know how to make you feel sexy.
"Here," I continued, "Turn around."
She obeyed and I stood behind her and then, before she could react, I reached for her bra fastener, clearly visible above the low back of the dress, and unclipped it.
I could feel her take a breath of surprise, but I continued to slide the straps down one arm, and then the other, and she reluctantly extricated her arms.
I stood her facing one of the many full-length mirrors in the room.
"You can easily get away without a bra," I told her, as if it were not a matter for dispute.
"I'm not sure..." she started.
"Live a little," I whispered mischievously, putting my arm around her waist and pulling her against me, as girls "in it together" might do.
"Well... if you say so..." she said hesitantly.
"I do indeed!" I said. I wouldn't have felt so confident giving something close to an order if I didn't sense that it was something she wanted to do already.
"And with that, I think we're done?" I added. This would be the dress for her. It had taken less time than I thought it would, but she looked so good there was no reason to try anything else.
"Sure," she said, and started to walk towards the changing room.
"Here," I said, and, pushing my luck, I put my hands around her thin waist and held her in place. I pinched the small zip on the back of the dress and slid it down to the base of her spin. Her back arched as she felt the pressure of my fingers.
I pushed the narrow straps off of her shoulders and, in one smooth motion, I slipped the dress off of her and let its weight carry it down her body. I saw her tense as she stood there, her back to me, but now wearing only her small, black knickers as she stepped out of the fabric pooled around her feet.
I acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary which, in truth, it wasn't. "You get dressed while I put this back on the hanger," I told her.
She padded back to the changing room and I made a point of watching her as she slid the curtain across, her arm held across her chest to cover herself. I tried to convey a look of admiration, but maybe not just lust, but that I was trying to hide the way I felt. It was a difficult balance to find.
She emerged a minute later in her everyday trousers and blouse and I held the hanger with the chosen dress for us to take to the cashier.
"Let's take the black one too," she said. I smiled again: spending hundreds of pounds on a dress on an impulse was something I don't think I'd ever get used to.
"But, Camilla, what are you going to wear tomorrow?" she asked me.
"I don't know," I said, although I had an idea, "What would you like me to wear?"
Her eyes flashed mischievously. "Nothing?" she said, and she put her hand over her mouth and giggled. I joined in; I didn't want to tell her that it wouldn't be the first time.
"I will if you will," I said with a wink, and I meant it. Her face turned red.
To spare Her Ladyship further embarrassment I turned to thumb through the racks. I was almost exactly the same size and shape as she was, so almost everything that was put out here would fit me quite well. I picked out a short, narrow cocktail dress.
"How about this?" I asked, holding it up against myself. I could tell from the look in her eyes that she was imagining how I'd look in it.
"Try it on," she said.
I began to unbutton my blouse while Her Ladyship looked on. She didn't even question why I wasn't going to the changing room: I really didn't see the need with just the two of us here, and, well, I was being paid for exactly this kind of thing, wasn't I?
I slipped out of my trousers and was glad that, as ever when I was meeting a client, I had chosen some sexy underwear. It was a habit since, as I mentioned before, I never know who might be seeing it or when, but it wasn't often that it actually paid off.
I unclipped my bra and dropped it onto the rest of my clothes. I knew she was staring at my breasts but I pretended not to notice as I stepped into the dress and pulled it up around me.
It hugged even my slender figure, and was not particularly easy to get into. It was deep blue and had short sleeves with no straps and I knew exactly how good my chest and shoulders would look in it.
I asked Her Ladyship to zip the back up and she obliged as I turned to look in the mirror.
"What do you think," I asked her.
"Perfect," she said with a smile, "It suits you so well."
I ran my hands down the sides of my hips, and noticed the one problem with it.
"Hang on," I said, and I hoisted the short skirt a couple of inches higher, reached up, and wriggled myself out of my small underwear. Her Ladyship stared as I stepped out of my underwear. "I hate a visible panty line," I said, "And nobody at the party will be able to tell."
I could see her mind working, dwelling on the idea that I would be walking around her party without underwear, and that she would know it all along. I'd chosen well.
"You change back into your things," Her Ladyship said, "And I'll pay for all this."
I smiled: I'd assumed that, since it was her idea, she'd be paying for my dress too. I don't think my credit card could handle the hit.
With our dresses boxed and bagged, I think we were both looking forward to the party tomorrow night much more than we had been.