I was sitting on a large sofa in my lounge, living a fantasy. I had a gorgeous naked woman sitting either side of me, each of whom who had stripped off the night before and never got dressed again. They had arrived unannounced at my office, and I had taken them to dinner in the West End. One was my girlfriend, Josie. The other, Bruna, was a friend of hers I had never met before. What happened after that will forever be etched on my memory as the greatest impromptu fuckfest (excuse the language) of my life.
Yet what had appeared to have been spontaneous, turned out to be part of a cunning plan to enlist my help in a surprising enterprise. And a mysterious lady called Alana had apparently inspired the venture, if not my threesome.
Margrave Young Businesswomen's Association was a collection of like-minded women, mostly under 40, who were all members of a local upmarket health club, and had prominent jobs in business. Recruitment was by invitation only. I didn't know such groups existed, nor that Josie was their secretary. The role kept her busy because of the very active nature of their members and their demands on the association. That explained how she survived, apparently without income. She never had any spare time to earn any money. Bruna was a successful, highly-paid solicitor, and also an active member of the group.
Although the association was not altogether secret, it operated discreetly, out of the glare of local publicity. It was also essentially a women's only group. Men only ever got involved in a serving capacity: providing technical services or occasionally brute force labour. I had no idea what that entailed. I needed to know what was expected of me. It was to become apparent that those requirements requiring male assistance were normally quite straight-laced. But what was about to develop, was most definitely not.
The purpose of the event, as Josie explained it, was to shoot artistically erotic pictures for an exclusive, upmarket charity calendar. It had been decided that a party atmosphere would help to relax the ladies' inhibitions, at least enough to attempt the necessary sexy poses. The photographer of the group, Alana had suggested the idea, and sold it to the others on the grounds that she would disguise all personally identifying features with photo editing software if required, and make sure that all the ladies' bodies would be shown to their best advantage. For some of the more buxom, that would have been quite a challenge.
The party was to be held at a manor house whose usual male occupants would be absent for the duration. Yet, Alana had apparently been inspired by loose talk from Josie (the details hadn't been shared with me) to suggest that I be sounded out to help her take the pictures. Alana wanted to participate as fully as possible in the activities that evening, having someone to wield the cameras and video camcorder, whilst she concentrated on the photo selections and editing.
She had asked Josie to persuade me to meet with her at her home, so that she could show me her photographic equipment and lighting.
Josie wanted to stress the conditions under which I would be operating.
"There's to be no funny business. We're just a harmless group of sedate females who enjoy letting their hair down in private, usually away from the eyes of men. So bear that in mind. This will be a radical departure for the group; something adventurous. But just because we will be showing a bit more flesh than usual, it doesn't mean that there's free sex on offer for any man who is roped in to help us. Understand? Discretion and keeping to the shadows are absolutely vital to your role."
"Who dreamt up this scheme, Josie?" I asked.
"It came to me in bed one night. I can't say precisely what suggested the idea. But our little adventure on the steam train firmed it up in my mind. Knowing Alana's photography skills made it a no-brainer. But seeing how good you are at capturing my good points, I wanted to sound you out. Bruna came along for corroboration.
"The outfits we bought in London were all that we intended to show you. Doing it on the train was spontaneous, but by then we were both turned on by buying the outfits and putting them on to show you."
Bruna took up the story. "I was astonished how simply wearing my outfit made me feel sexy like never before. I was a new woman, different from the Bruna I'd been all my adult life. I've never worn sexy clothing like that before. Allowing myself to show off my body to a total stranger - OK, after a fantastic dinner in London - was something unprecedented. But it wasn't as embarrassing as I had expected. It gave me a real buzz.
"Now, I can't stop thinking about sex. It's like a drug I'd never really tried before. But don't think it's all about you, Henry. Sorry, but you simply unlocked my Pandora's Box."
Josie resumed the explanation.
"Last night was an inspiration. It gave me the idea. You needn't worry unduly, Henry. We aren't looking for a porn shoot. Some of the ladies might even take a lot of persuasion, even for a man to be photographing them at all. The theme is sexy clothing, of the clubbing or exotic variety. The skill will be in making them look sexy, even provocative. Alana doesn't think she will have time to devote to that, as well as all the rest of the task. It has to be a party - a one-off occasion - we'll lose impetus if it isn't accomplished in one evening. So we're gambling on you helping out with the photography.
"In case you're worried about the quality of the shoot material, all we ladies take pride in our appearance. Membership is by invitation only, and is only open to ladies of substance in business, and who meet our exacting standards. Alana says her high-end equipment is almost foolproof so any primate should be able to work it."
So that was it. I realised that I was committed. I might even suggest, blackmailed, on the basis of my earlier, illicit night-time photographs. How could I not consent to photographing a dozen, presumably beautiful, women?
~*~*~
I went to see Alana on the following Saturday afternoon, prior to the event the following weekend. Alana lived in a centuries-old stone cottage outside a small hamlet. I had imagined her, from Josie's description, to be a strong, domineering type of woman. I prefer not to be assertive by nature, although I can be when the situation warrants, seeking instead harmonious agreement rather domination. So I was very apprehensive about meeting her.
She greeted me warmly, with a broad smile.
"Come in Henry. Let me take your jacket. I'm really looking forward to the calendar party. I assume Josie has explained all. So today, I want to put your through your paces and show you the camera equipment. You can snap me in my costume this morning and I will assess your photographic eye.
"I thought we might open a bottle of prosecco to lighten the mood. You can ask me any questions you want. I'll do my best to answer."
We spent half an hour in her living room, discussing her ideas. She was quite well built, but solid. I found it odd listening to her talking about erotic posing.
Then we moved through to the work space. The cottage had a former workshop attached to the side, which Alana had had converted into a spacious studio. The walls were adorned with artistic pictures of a variety of subjects, but nude females predominated.
"Do you have a particular fascination with women?" I enquired.
"Men always ask that," she replied. "They assume I'm gay. I let them think that, but I'll be honest with you. I prefer a good, stiff cock for complete satisfaction. But I like the graceful lines and curves of women's bodies, as a contrast to the strong musculature in very fit males. You might concede that I prefer to photograph sexual superlatives.
"But on this occasion, I think the calendar need a man's eyes to bring out the eroticism. I will be your muse, a willing model, to inspire you."
She looked me up and down. "Don't worry, your body will be safe from my clutches."
"Thank you for that destruction of my ego," I grinned.
She clapped her hands then rubbed them together. "Ok, let's get started,"
She pulled an outsized sweater off her head to reveal a large but surprisingly firm body in a bra and yoga pants. I would guess that she was forty-ish and a UK size 14 to 16.
"36D, if you are interested."
"I wouldn't allow myself such impure thoughts!"
"Liar, I can see your cock stiffening. It should be your nose growing, Pinocchio, Still, at least I turn you on. - OK, I'll show you the lighting, then you set it up how you'd like to light me. I want to see some creative shots of my body - pictures that enhance my beauty, not reveal my flaws. I will adopt poses and you move around me to find the most advantageous shots."
This would tax my rudimentary knowledge of glamour photography.
Alana was a redhead carrying a few pounds on her belly, which only showed when she curled her body forwards. She began to pose just like that, but got impatient when I didn't immediately start shooting. My frown irritated her. In the end I focused in on her bust and face. She reviewed the shots with me and grunted. "Your man's eye apparently does not appreciate my womanly shape."
"Would you have me insult you with angles and perspectives that were unflattering?" I asked with a penitent smile.
She laughed. "Touché! Then show me how you would do it. I'll let you touch me to position me how you want me. We'll have to see whether that will also work for the other ladies."
Then she let me arrange her how I preferred. I could see the faint impression of a thong through her pants. "Why don't you remove your pants, then I can take some better body shots?"
She stared at me hesitantly. "I see you like to get down to business."
She smiled, and obliged me. Her limbs were solid, but with flowing lines. She bore remarkably few stretch marks, considering her larger size. I instructed her to stretch her arms and legs, stand on tiptoes, assume yoga positions, and so on. She knew yoga, and assumed bridge, cow, plough, and cobra positions, which she told me were sexual yoga positions. I urged her each time to stretch a bit further to accentuate the tautness of her muscles and glutes. The plough pose required her to lie on her back and bring her feet up as for a backward roll, to touch the floor behind her head, arms pointed forwards on the floor. I shot her from her bottom angle. The position looked suitably erotic but begged a question. I stood hesitatingly over her upturned rump.
I studied her taut butt cheeks, and felt an erection showing through my loose pants. My dick was influencing my judgement.
"Do you mind if I adjust your underwear?"
She sniggered. "It's only a thong, what's to adjust?"
"I agree." I peeled the thin straps from her hips and pulled the thong back along her upturned legs to her ankles, and off.
Then I re-shot it her pose.
"Very good, Henry, now you're getting the hang of it. Let's see that last lot."
When she arrived at the picture of her exposed pussy and her taut butt cheeks, she smiled. "That pussy shot is hot, although I say it myself. You have a good camera eye for erotica. It's a pity that most of the other women would not appreciate that. Of course, we couldn't use that shot.
"OK, take some full nude body shots now, if you're willing?"
I nodded. She took that as consent for her next demand.
"On one condition: that you're naked as well."
I fell into that trap so easily. But after the session a few days before with Josie and Bruna, I no longer felt embarrassed at my exposed nudity.
She laughed as my cock sprung up horizontally upon my removal of my pants and underwear.
Her breasts were quite soft and splayed to the sides when she lay on her back, so I arranged her on her side with her upper arm over her head. Next, I had her sitting on her haunches and resting her hands on the floor in front of her. That squeezed her breasts together into a spellbinding cleavage.
"Cheap shot," she accused, but she was still eager to view it immediately. She stood beside me, leaning in to see it on the camera screen. Her hips touched mine, flesh on flesh, and sent a physical thrill through my body.
For the last session I took close-ups of details: an engorged nipple; her navel with her belly muscles taut; her face in profile; and an upshot with the camera shooting from her pussy up her belly to the undersides of her breasts. She was delighted with the results and changed the memory card.
"I'd like some candid shots of me in poses of arousal," she demanded.
"How will you get aroused?" I asked.
"You can use your imagination," she retorted. "I'm not a dyke, you know."
That sort of photography is harder to pull off than one might think. I've tried to photograph women thus, but usually only succeeded in showing them as if in pain. I put myself into the mind of David Hemmings in the film Blow Up, and knelt over her whilst I urged her to writhe her body and think obscene thoughts. I centred my frames on her eyes. My cock, which had been erect for well over an hour, slapped all over her thighs, breasts and face as I leant in for close-ups. She occasionally reached out and gave it a few firm strokes for persuasion. All the time, lustful thoughts were showing in her eyes. When she spread her upraised knees lying on her back, I crouched low to shoot up in the valley between her breasts to her face, whilst she cupped them into massive mounds.
"I'm going to frame the best of these," she grunted, as she held an awkward body position. "People will wonder just how aroused I was."
She got up and rearranged the lighting, then adjusted the camera settings accordingly.
"Closer," she urged. I moved nearer and felt my cock tapping on her sodden pussy. She reached down without a word and grabbed it. Then she neatly shifted her hips down to engulf it in her loins. Just like that.
"Now shoot - both ends!"
Once I felt my cock's head slip partly inside her, I conceded defeat and thrust it all the way inside her cock parking. MY physical relief just from it being clenched within her vaginal walls was a tremendous relief. She bucked her hips and encouraged me to fuck her whilst I continued to snap her, one-handedly. That was a lot harder to do, but the camera loved her face when in the throes of passion, and it recorded a succession of increasingly strained expressions as she moved towards a satisfying climax. The expression on her face as she stared up at me with total fulfilment in her eyes was priceless. After that, her finally satiated countenance signalled the end of my scope for pictures, so I put down the camera and withdrew from between her loins.
"You didn't wait for permission to leave," was all she said, with a satisfied smirk on her face. "At least you had the good grace not to come inside me without permission. I'm not sure whether that's a compliment or an insult. I'll review this last lot before we wrap up the session."
She was right, I had survived an unauthorised ejaculation by concentrating on the pictures.
She turned onto her knees and elbows, with the camera on the floor at face level. The pose pushed her bottom up in the air. I watched for a minute or two from the side as she flicked through the pictures whilst she hummed and moved her hips from side to side. The swaying movement caused her pendulous breasts to wobble.
That unnatural position must have been solely for my benefit, for it would have been uncomfortable for her. My brain raced with how libidinous she was. But then Josie had shown a new side to her own nature the previous week, together with her friend, Bruna. Something febrile was affecting these women.
I moved behind Alana to take full advantage of her unashamed flaunting of her sex. I stared at her taut buttocks, wishing I still had the camera to hand. I grasped my cock with its unspent payload wistfully in my hand. It had felt like a point of honour not to deposit my sperm inside her. Yet I felt after our intensive photoshoot session as if I knew her body inside out, like an intimate friend. The flesh of her bottom gave off a sheen from the artificial lighting. She was aware of my change in position and parted her knees artfully to permit my closer examination of her pussy lips from the rear. It was a proposition.
That pitched me over the cliff-edge of restraint and I took her offer of her butt as an invitation to consummate the deal to act as official photographer to the Margrave Young Businesswomen's Association. Call it payment of consideration. My cock slipped smoothly between her silken thighs, to be greeted by her tightened vaginal wall. Her internal muscles squeezed every pore of my penis as I buried it to the hilt inside her, then withdrew to plunge in again. Grasping her amply taut hips in my palms sent a satisfying ripple of arousal through my insides. It spurred me on to more energetic thrustings. She grunted and groaned at the swirling sensations in her belly, and straightened her back to improve the angle of my entry. She pushed her bottom back to meet my inward thrusts at an impeccable rhythm. I angled my shaft upwards to make as much possible impact as I could with her clit. Try as I might to prolong what was developing into an unexpectedly exciting fuck session, I soon felt my control slipping. I prepared to surrender my restraint and release my seed inside her.
"I'm coming," I warned.
"Yes, Yes," she gasped. "Fill me with your cum. Fuck me. Fuck me, fuck, fuck, fuck!" With that she climaxed again with perfect timing, as I let go my molten stream and splattered the neck of her womb. She clamped her knees and thighs together with my diminishing asset still inside her and arched her back with pleasure. Then she turned on her knees and pushed me onto my back. She lay on me and pressed every inch of flesh she could muster into contact with mine.
"I so needed that. "Does my body disgust you?"
I was embarrassed at the pointed question, but able to answer truthfully. "I love women's bodies. There's beauty in most female figures if one knows how to find it. But your body is firm and voluptuous. And you're so confident with it. That's sexy in itself."
"The reason I asked is that your pictures are captivating. You have an eye for the erotic. Some of the candid shots made me blush, but I'm surprised to say that I'm thrilled with what you've done with my body. I'm definitely going to display some of them on the walls."
"I presume you know Josie well?"
"And Bruna. We girls swap stories, in confidence, of course. I heard all about last week. Josie was surprised at how much you showed a different side to your nature. She says you were a changed man. I couldn't wait to appraise your talents."
"Well, now you know how your body inspired me. You showed me the beauty in your body, and it turned me on."
She stared into space for bit, then wiped away a tear. She got up and went to a fridge in the corner to extract a jug filled with a margarita. She brought it over to where I was sitting and sat cross legged facing me whilst she handed me a glass and drank the refreshingly cool cocktail. It felt like a perfect, intimate moment. I was getting increasingly fascinated with her over-large, trembling breasts now, and I played with them idly with my free hand as I sipped my drink.
"Do you really mean all that?" she asked, not expecting an answer. Then she grinned, "You men are all the same."
"I hope I'm different. I'm going through a steep learning curve about women with this gig. Did I pass the audition?" I enquired.
She smirked. "Don't expect the other ladies to be throwing their bodies at you. Our group is supposed to be a feminine oasis far removed from testosterone. But, yes, I think you'll do. I think fucking will be out of the question, though."
Her smile disguised a clear warning. I had no intentions of over-stepping the mark. My head was reeling from what I had just done with Alana.
She explained that the images would be shot in raw format at a standard 8x10 inches at 300 pixels. The pictures would be then pasted onto a multitude of layers for backgrounds, appropriate to each costume. I was not to worry about obscuring faces because she would disguise them with her software if the ladies requested it.
We made a deal. I would shoot a mixture of artful shots suitable for publication, and whatever I wanted for my personal use. She studied me closely when she made that offer. They would be strictly private, and only released to me if the individual ladies agreed.
"Don't assume that we're women with loose morals. But I find myself getting quite excited at the thought of you whacking off to my naked body. You can have this full set, for your private consumption only. I wonder how the others will react."
"You make me sound like a perve," I muttered.
She gave me a very knowing look.
~*~*~
Josie came to my house that evening. "How did it go with Alana?" she asked breezily.
"You came just to ask?"
"Of course, I wasn't expecting sex with you after your morning workout with her."
"How did you know?"
"She told me that she would seduce you if she could. Then she phoned me after you left. She was just as turned on by this project as Bruna and I. I'm quite relaxed about what you did. My friends will see just how talented you are."
For some reason, I didn't like the sound of that. First Bruna, now Alana. Who else would she put in my path? Whatever we had once had, I sensed that it had gone forever.