It had been six weeks since the country house party where I succumbed to the delights of three different cocks. Alex and I had become firm fuck buddies, enjoying each other's bodies on a weekly basis. Dave and Andy relived our threesome on two further occasions, which were immensely pleasurable and each of the guys spent some time giving it to me just as I like it, and I have to be honest when I say that Dave's cock was my absolute favourite. It was easily the biggest, and quite simply the hardest.
It was beautifully gnarled with veins and pulsated when erect. And to cap it all off, it produced the most lavish amounts of squirting spunk, always pleasing and exciting me.
Apart from my new fuck buddies, I'd also had a few one night stands, which turned out to be both exciting and disappointing. The three different one night stands were exciting at the prospect of new cock, but also the exhibitionist in me loved to parade my body and see my lovers reaction. It would seem my outrageous underwear, dirty slut mouth and curvaceous body was too much for these new guys to handle. I never really got the pleasure I craved from these new guys, but the excitement I encountered, knowing I was arousing them more than they ever thought possible, was sexual reward in itself.
The first one night stand entailed a large blonde guy fucking me as I was totally naked, dripping in baby oil, wearing only a pair of black thigh length boots, wrapped around his strong back. This was a possible kinky night ahead, but the image was too exciting for him, my curves, shaved pussy, the boots and allowing him to do whatever he wanted to me, was possibly a step too far for him.
My shaved pussy was rising and falling against his hard cock, riding my hips to match his thrusting. My arousal was gaining momentum, when I held his face with both hands and smiled at him.
"Fuck me in the ass!"
He became over excited at the whole scenario and squirted deep inside my pussy. I instinctively wrapped my legs tighter around his back, pulling his body closer to me, pushing his head into my breasts as he began to suckle on my nipples. I went from being fucked to mothering him!
As pleasant as the moment was, as a fully fledged slut, I needed cock inside me, fucking me wildly, abusing and defiling my holes.
It was a shame as we met in a nightclub, where I was wearing a skintight stretch micro mini dress, with no bra or panties. His hands were all over me when we danced, and while sitting having a drink in a booth we got talking about our sex likes and dislikes. He informed me that he did like the smell and feel of leather and that's where I got the idea to fuck him wearing my black leather thigh length boots. We arrived at my house and I disappeared upstairs to change into my boots and drench my body in glossy baby oil. The slut look and my overt exhibitionism was too much for him too handle. After he squirted inside me, he was too intimated to rise to the occasion so I fucked myself with a ten inch dildo and kicked him out after I'd gushed all over the phallic sex toy.
The other two one night stands were not much better which persuaded me to join a swingers website. I trawled through a few until I found one that appealed to me. I've been chatting and texting with one couple in particular who I met for coffee this morning. We got on so well, the woman Shaz, could actually be my body double. Same height, bust size, waist size, hip size and same leg length. Her skin is a coffee colour due to her part Indian heritage, with her flowing ebony hair we contrasted perfectly, with my bright blonde shortish locks. Her partner was a tall Mediterranean looking guy called Leo, which I assumed stood for Leonardo but never confirmed. Leo was built like an athlete, broad chest, narrow waist, obvious six pack and due to the tightness of his white dress shirt, I could see his huge biceps almost tearing the shirt. There was to be a swingers get together that night at a house not too far from where I lived, and after our meet, Shaz and Leo invited me along to the gathering of like minded people, Which is what I will be doing tonight.
Shaz explained the unwritten rules in great details.
If you didn't want to take part in activity, then a straight forward no was all the response required.
You could use the private rooms or the open rooms, the choice was yours. The guys liked the ladies to dress slutty as it encouraged reactions, so no problems there. There also a couple of little codes which helped all the people involved. If the lady is available for group sex she will wear an ankle bracelet. If she is available for anal sex she will wear a collar or choker. If she is available for interracial sex, then an ace of spades marking will be shown somewhere on her body.
I was planning on wearing my black leather thigh length boots with my skintight micro mini dress. I actually squirmed in my seat at the thought of what lay ahead and decided there and then that I would wear a black leather choker with bondage buckles. My ass wanted fucking also.
Leo said he would collect me on the way to the party at about 7:30pm. I was beginning to get sexually excited which Shaz picked up on.
"Maybe one night you would want to borrow Leo? I can see you make him horny and your dilating pupils have convinced me you find him sexy!" Shaz smiled.
"How could I not, he's a Latin lover boy!" I giggled "Is his cock big?" I blurted.
"Suzy, it's immense! It's almost 10 inches of solid cock meat!" She smiled proudly "I can't take it fully up my ass though!" She informed me as Leo sat smiling.
Turning to Leo I smiled and said.
"Don't worry Leo, when we get round to fucking, you'll be able to slip your cock in my ass, all the way!" I grinned.
"Sounds delightful!" He smiled "It will be all the better if Shaz is licking my ass and tonguing my balls while my cock fucks your ass!"
Both Shaz and I squirmed in our chairs, I even began biting my bottom lip, the lust was so great.
We arranged to spend Sunday together where we would explore each other mentally, physically and sexually. Shaz increased the heat when she revealed she liked to lick pussy when Leo fucked her from behind, and she would love to run her lips and tongue all over and inside my shaved house of pleasure. I've never been with a woman, but the thought of Shaz licking my pussy and chewing on my nipples was incredibly appealing. I had a little shopping to complete, so I thanked the guys and said I looked forward to tonight. Leo gave me a light peck on the cheek and Shaz gave me a tight embrace, then her soft ruby lips grazed my own and we began a very sexy tongue driven kiss. I would be on heat all day now! Whoever gets to fuck me tonight is in for a treat.
I went off to do some shopping and ended up in a sex toy and lingerie shop. I'd already decided on wearing my thigh length boots and micro mini dress, so I wasn't searching for any lingerie, although I thought about purchasing something for Leo to enjoy when he fucks me on Sunday.
I was browsing away, feeling all of the male eyes in the shop burning through me lustfully, when I spied a nipple chain. This comprised of a thin silver chain with round adjustable circles on the end, which slid over your nipples and were tightened by tugging on the chain. I picked this up to purchase and wear tonight beneath my dress, when the sales clerk said there was a special offer if you bought the nipple chain and the waist chain as a pair. The idea of being naked with a chain on my waist and nipples encapsulated, made my pussy fizz with sexual excitement.
"I'll take the pair!" I said handing over my credit card for payment.
The cashier swiped my card, handed it back to me, then placed my merchandise in a bag, handing the bag to me with a wry smile.
I smiled back and looked at all of the guys in the store looking at me frustrated, knowing full well they all wanted to be inside me. I removed an imaginary piece of fluff from my breast, ensuring that my firm full breast, jiggled in the process, leaving the guys a little lasting memory, before I left the premises.
I returned home and immediately began my pampering session for tonight's acts of lust.
I'd been fully waxed two days before, so my skin was hair free and silky smooth, as i luxuriated in the bubble bath, letting the warm scented water, cascade over my large breasts and bald shining mound.
Laying in the deep bath, sipping a cool glass of white wine, my mind wandered to this afternoons conversation with Shaz and Leo. I re-ran some of the rules through my head and decided that wearing a choker rule would be adhered too as anal sex was to enticing for a slut like me to miss out on. My ass would be welcoming hard cock tonight. I kept picturing Shaz between my legs, licking the length of my shaved slit while Leo banged her from behind, her hot orgasmic panting breath, wafting over my aroused shaved pussy. I was so horny thinking of this that the first cock inside me tonight, will probably make my pussy erupt like an exploding volcano.
I'd never been with a woman and my curiosity was getting the better of me. I was fantasising as much about Shaz as I was Leo, and Leo was something definitely to fantasise about, especially when Shaz told me he possessed a 10 inch cock!
Some people who read this will think it derogatory being called a slut. Well I can't think of anything better I would wish to be called. The slut life appeals to me immensely.
Dressing in the most provocative clothes, the most outrageous high heels, the kinkiest underwear and allowing a guy or guys to do whatever they wanted to you for their and fundamentally my sexual gratification.
If what I wear and how I act, gets and keeps the cock hard, then I'm absolutely delighted.
Tonight I will be extra slutty in my black, tight, skin-tight, Micro Mini dress, showing my large breasts and narrow waist to maximum effect, with my black thigh length boots adorning my long legs. No bra or panties will allow a few guys to fuck me, but my aim is to fuck both Shaz and Leo.
I got out of my luxurious bath, wrapping a large fluffy towel around my smooth shiny body. I applied some eye shadow, Mascara, a little rouge for the just fucked look and some cherry lip gloss. Smoothing some coconut oil into my body, I allowed the oil to be absorbed, before venturing into my bedroom.
I placed the skintight dress over my body, smoothing the tight material over my stomach and ensuring the material totally encapsulated my large breasts. It looked liked my breasts were painted with the material of the dress, making my nipples erect and protrude, stretching the dress even more so.
I sat on the bed, feeding my delicate feet into the thigh length boots. Pulling them into place I moved the zip slowly up the length until my legs were now encased in soft black leather.
I stood from the bed, tottering on the high spiked heels, looking at my hourglass figure adorned in my slut outfit.
I know it's arrogant but I did look extremely hot and sexy. Placing a few make up items into my clutch bag, I sprayed a little Moschino perfume on my neck and breasts, putting the bottle of perfume into my bag.
I went downstairs to my kitchen to enjoy a menthol cigarette and a glass of sparkling wine.
I poured a tall glass of wine, took a cigarette from the packet, lighting the cigarette and took a long relaxing inhale, feeling the cool smoke breeze down my throat. A sip of wine enhanced the flavour of the menthol cigarette, as I took another drag on the cigarette.
Picking up my phone to place in my bag, the screened flashed as a message scrawled across the display.
"See you in five minutes. We've just left. Leo is looking forward to seeing you in your slut outfit. Me too! hee hee!"
The text was from Shaz and instantly made my stomach flip and pussy fizz with sexual excitement.
Both Shaz and Leo it would seem were wanting to fuck me, which is just as well as I wanted to fuck both of them.
I replied to the text.
"My pussy is tingling in anticipation for all the cocks I will experience tonight!"
I took another inhale of the menthol cigarette and a sip of sparkling wine just as Shaz responded.
"Only cock? I was hoping you'd like some naughty tongue?"
My head was almost spinning at the prospect of Shaz licking my pussy as some random fucked my pussy or ass One thing is for sure, I will ensure that Leo fucks my ass and Shaz will lick my cunt, if not tonight then definitely on Sunday.
I heard the toot of a car horn, letting me know that Shaz and Leo were outside to pick me up.
I turned all of the lights off, picked up my bag and headed for the door. Opening the door I looked beyond my drive to see Shaz and Leo waving at me. I looked my door and walked seductively down my driveway toward their car. Leo was in the driver seat, with Shaz sitting directly behind him. Shaz opened the door and beckoned me in beside her.
I moved sleekly into the back seat and saw that Shaz was also wearing thigh length boots, but hers were scarlet red with laces up the front. She was wearing an almost identical dress to mine except it was also scarlet red. She smiled as I closed the door, lifting her tight dress up to her waist she revealed her smooth shaved slit, and giggled.
"I'm hoping she gets licked and fucked tonight" she smiled running her manicured fingernail along her shimmering slit.
I smiled with a lusty look in my eyes, as Shaz dipped her finger inside her pussy.
Leo drove the car away from my drive and headed for the swinger club.
"Tonight is well hung night!" Leo smiled "Once a month they have parties where guys must have an eight inch or bigger to get entry!"
Shaz smiled as she continued finger fucking herself.
"I always warm up before we arrive on well hung night!" she purred "Leo is one of the star attractions, so I have to share his cock with other women, but it's not too bad as I get fuck some of the guys who have quite huge cocks!"
Shaz placed her hand on my thigh and began to run her long nails gently along my bare thigh.
I parted my legs instinctively, as my pussy began to be stroked for the first time by a woman.
I moaned with delight as Shaz slid her finger up and down my shaved slit, tantalizing my clitoris with her manicured nails. She leant toward me and brushed her beautiful full lips against my own as her tongue gently entered my mouth and softly entwined with my own tongue. I placed my hand on her smooth mound, my fingertips deftly stroking her labia and clitoris. We were moaning into each others mouths when Shaz broke our kiss, smiled at me, then moved down the seat until her head was between my legs.
She moved the hem of my tight mini dress above my waist revealing my naked pussy to her as she extended her tongue, until the tip slid into my smooth groove. Her tongue gently swept up and down the length of my shaved slit, making my hips rise and fall with sexual excitement.
As her tongue dipped inside my pussy, she began to lap at my cunt, flicking her tongue in and out of my pussy, then running the flat of her tongue over my clitoris. This really was fucking awesome and I began to pant uncontrollably. Shaz had placed both hands on my breasts and was squeezing my full breasts as her tongue took me to a place I'd never visited before.
"Looks very hot ladies!" Leo said having sneaky peaks between keeping his eyes on the road ahead.
We pulled up at a set of traffic lights with a truck alongside us. Shaz was between my wide open legs, her tongue wonderfully snaking in and around my pussy. My head was back, with mouth open, panting furiously. Through half open lust filled eyes, I saw a truck driver next to us smiling down as stared at Shaz providing with the most beautiful orgasm. My hips rose and fell in unison with her skilful tongue as my orgasm surged through me. The truck driver winked as the lights changed and Leo sped off into the distance.
"I think he liked the show!" Leo laughed.
"He wasn't the only one!" I panted.
Shaz pressed her tongue onto my clitoris and moved her oral muscle over my aroused flesh. My orgasm began again as she moved between this action and sliding her tongue inside my cunt.
My heavy panting was equally matched by my hip rotations as I pushed my cunt into Shaz's beautiful mouth.
Her rose petal lips, kissed my labia delicately as her tongue wriggled inside my pussy.
My moans were throaty and hoarse as Shaz provided me with an earth shattering orgasm.
"Fucking way to go girls!" Leo cheered, glancing at our antics in his rear view mirror.
"Yes! Yes!" I continually repeated as Shaz began to chew softly on my labia and clitoris.
The pulled up outside the swinger club as Leo turned off the engine and unbuckled his seatbelt.
Turning around to watch his wife lick the shaved pussy of a slut he would fuck later.
"I fucking can't way to taste your pussy Suzy!" Leo giggled excitedly.
"You'll love it babe!" Shaz breathed "She fucking tastes delicious!"