The following story is entirely fiction, and any correlation with real people alive or dead is purely happenstance.
****************************************
Wilson Lathrop Pickett was on a quest to accomplish the impossible, find something to reverse aging. He had been tinkering with chemical concoctions in his backyard shed turned lab for the last four years; the shed was dual purposed as it also housed the family washer and dryer. Wilson was not formally trained in chemistry but had been voraciously reading everything available on the subject, and like many people, had taken it high school. He was of above-average intellect, as was his wife. Most of his neighbors believed he was cooking methamphetamine in the shed. One, whose backyard butted against his back fence, had even reported him to the police, but since his experiments held ingredients not known for making illegal drugs, the police officers left him alone.
Every morning when he looked in the mirror or kissed his wife, Heather, goodbye before going to work, he felt reminded of the urgency of his experiments. Wilson's jowls sagged slightly with age in the mirror. His once lovely wife was not looking good as she did when he married her thirty-five years before. Every celebrity he had long admired seemed depressingly old, and if their wealth could not hold back the ravages of time, what could his meager families budget do.
He was watching a talk show when a well-known celebrity came on. The former starlet looked good except for her neck. She was supposed to be "valiantly holding back time." The host continued to claim that her genes made the difference, more like the surgeon's knife, he thought. Her neck showed her age; every revitalizing product and method had the same Achilles heel. The throat shows your age, and the high camera angles that work for television do not work in real life. If that is as good as her money could do, there must be a better answer. That is what started his experiments. Wilson, a fifty-two-year-old out of shape forklift driver from Fontana, decided to invent the fountain of youth and save all boomer generations.
He had tried every natural acid and alkali. He was using a litany of bases as a catalyst. After four thousand experiments, he ran out of theories and began mixing random compounds for the last year. He turned to botanical science in the hopes of a breakthrough. He was working with flower DNA, and it did not look that promising. Just plants picked from the neighborhood landscaping. He was, honestly, getting nowhere when he accidentally caused an explosion in his makeshift lab. Wilson used tea brewed from petals and a flower's stamen; he did not even know by name. He had picked it from Mrs. Higgins's yard, and he had felt awkward asking the recent widow if it was alright to do so. She was a delightful woman and even more so regarding Wilson. Wilson knew that Mrs. Higgins found him attractive, but it never was hinted of in her polite conversation. She would often ask him for favors since her husband had passed. Wilson was glad to oblige but still wanted to respect her privacy during her grieving.
Wilson wrote the formula of what would be his final experiment, experiment x. Win or lose; he slowly poured the still warm compounds together; It did not look encouraging, four-plus thousand failures, and four years of wasted time. Wilson mixed the contents with a glass stir stick. He noticed his reflection in the glass and, annoyed by his aged face, slammed his fist onto the home-built lab table. The vibrations sent the chemistry container tumbling into a box of borax detergent additive open on a lower shelf that strange Thursday. The combination exploded as a pale pastel pink fragrant mist filled his lab; he lost consciousness. A piece of the broken glass had scratched his arm, and he was bleeding.
He awoke to his wife, standing over him in the yard. She had dragged him out of the shed, and she too was feeling dizzy from breathing in the strange vapor. She had bandaged his arm. Heather was still laboring for air from dragging his unconscious form, and Wilson feared he had foolishly contaminated her lungs.
"I hope you give this nonsense up before you kill yourself," Heather said when she had recovered enough to speak.
"What happened?" Wilson asked, still feeling out of sorts.
"You almost blew your damn fool self-up," Heather, the now-aging one-time high school cheerleader, said.
"I got to get this right, dear," Wilson, the one-time football hunk, replied.
Life had not turned out the way either of them had expected. Wilson had hurt his arm in his senior year playing baseball. Baseball of all things, he was a star Quarterback at Fontana High. The then sleepy town his great grandfather had settled in during his dust bowl exodus from Illinois. Wilson should not have risked his future by pitching, but he lived for competition. Unfortunately, that injury had cost him his scholarship to UCLA. Heather informed him of her pregnancy just after, and they were married. After two grown kids, the couple was still together as empty nesters, but matrimonial sex was non-existent.
Who could blame them? At fifty-six, they both looked like shit; whoever claims sex gets better with age must either be blind or screw with the light out. Heather's cheeks noticeably sagged, as did everything else. He had fared no better, his face reflected the weight he had gained, and his hairline threatened to part his hair to the back of his neck. To describe the ARP couple as anything but frumpy looking would be inaccurate. They had lost the battle against middle age.
Heather decades earlier, had escaped into her romance novels, and Wilson phased through hobby after hobby. From horticulture to fishing, he tried them all. The kids had kept them together, and now that they were gone, the marriage was ending. It was only a matter of time when the next fight would be their last. The woman he was once so madly in love with, he could not even talk with anymore. The days were all the same, get up and get ready for work, kiss Heather entirely out of habit. Do his eight-hour shift at Dryers and commute home. Putter in the lab for an hour and eat dinner. Dinner was predictably dull as they had been consuming the same menu items for years. Go back to the lab for two and a half hours and then go to bed. Fall asleep without sex and wait for morning to sullenly endure it all over again.
Later that night, as they lay in bed.
"I know you are not happy; I bet you were trying to kill yourself in that lab," Heather said.
"I was not; I am trying to accomplish something important," Wilson said.
"Make sure your life insurance policy is paid up," Heather said as she rolled over to sleep.
The next morning when he got up, he tried not to look at himself in the mirror as he washed his face. But when he did, something miraculous had happened; he looked slightly younger. His hair was fuller, and his bald spot had shrunk. Heather was still asleep, so he kissed her head in the dark and went to work. He worked his eight and fought the LA freeways 27.7 miles home. When he got back, Heather was waiting for him.
"What did you do to me?" she asked, smiling.
Heather looked ten years younger. He had not looked at his reflection since morning and was not aware of any changes since then.
"You look younger, too," She said.
He rushed into the master bath and looked in the mirror. He, too, looked ten years younger. Heather had followed him in, and he turned to hug her. She hugged him back. It was the first time they had showed their real affection in years.
"I don't know what happened?" Wilson said with a curious look upon his face.
He rushed out to the shed and picked up the spilled powdered 20 mule remnants with his hands. He examined the benign Mohave desert mined mineral, and the mishap seemed to alter the powder chemically. Heather had followed him again while He brushed the dust into an empty vessel. He took a broom to sweep the mess that had fallen on the floor while Heather watched, looking on curiously. The broom exciting the chemical powder caused another small chemical reaction. The shed filled with the same pink smoke, and breathing it in, they both passed out.
They woke still inside the shed early the next morning before the sun was even up. They were both incredibly horny, and they tore each other's clothes off. They screwed as intensely as they had in the back seat of his car in high school. They fornicated like animals in heat right on the painted concrete shed floor. Her body felt smoother in the dark shed. Even in the moonlight, he could see her body was firmer. He was on his back, and she rode his stiff cock. He pumped up at her as she slammed down on him. His penis seemed more sensitive now, and Heather was moaning loudly. Her sex was more sensitized, as well. She had seldom made a sound during sex before; stealth became a necessary habit after having children. Her vaginal muscles gripped his cock tightly as they climaxed together for the first time after over thirty-five years of marriage. Wilson considered that a good omen.
"Your cock feels bigger," she said after they had finished.
They dressed and went into the house. They went into the bathroom to shower together. When they were naked, they stared at one another in disbelief. His plump body was muscular again, and her mom's body was firm once more. They were tone and young. Their faces looked thirty years more youthful. Her eyes sparkled, and her restored blond hair and skin shone youthfully. Saturday was going to be a good day.
"You look twenty-five again," Wilson said.
"So, do you and your hair has come back," Heather said.
They got into the shower and washed each other off. Wilson dropped the soap, and when he reached for it, the soap levitated off the floor. He had received telekinesis power. Wilson levitated the soap around the shower in disbelief. Heather tried to force the soap to fall, but nothing happened. When Wilson took the soap in his hand, Heather decided to mentally wrest it from his grasp, which only caused Wilson's arm to react violently. She mentally prompted him to move around against his will as she stared on in dismay.
"How are you doing that?" Wilson asked.
"I do not know, but it is sure fun," Heather replied.
Heather imagined Wilson hard again, and instantly he was. Wilson had control of objects, but Heather's mind, it seemed it could control people. They finished their shower and went back to bed.
"I bet I can keep you from Cumming as long as I want now," Heather said.
Heather used her mind to hold Wilson spread eagle on the bed, and she climbed on his hard cock again.
"Now I am in control," she said.
Wilson tried to free himself with his mind, but all that did was levitate the bed. He gave up as he realized he was at her mercy. Her power was much more significant than his. She slammed up and down on him until she climaxed again, but she was not about to let Wilson Cum yet.
"Remember when I asked you to fulfill my fantasy of you eating your cum out of my pussy?" Heather asked about a conversation well over ten years past.
"Yes, that sounded disgusting," Wilson said.
"Do you want to cum?" Heather asked.
Wilson refused to answer, suspecting her angle.
"Then you must do what I say now," Heather said.
"Let me up," Wilson bleated.
"Not until you fulfill this fantasy," Heather said as she returned to moving upon his shaft.
Wilson moaned as he felt his balls tighten. He was about to ejaculate. Heather climaxed another time and stopped moving, and she used her mind to see if she could make him squirt. He came as soon as her mind ordered him to. She moved her pussy over his waiting mouth and lowered her cream pie onto his lips.
"Lick it all up, and I will make you cum again," Heather said.
Wilson hesitantly licked as she ground her semen dripping pussy against his lips. Fifty-six-year-old Wilson was more willing to be kinky than his forty-five-year-old former self.
"Oh, that is so hot. Clean me out, Wilson," Heather said.
He licked it all out, and she orgasmed once more. He was shockingly excited to lap up his cum now that she had forced him to. It relieved him of responsibility for what he considered such an unmanly perverse act ten years prior. She released her mental hold on his arms and legs, and his dick was already hard again, not by her doing. Wilson was surprised by how excited cleaning her had made him.
"Cum for me slut," she said as she willed his dick to ejaculate once more.
He spurted all over his stomach; she kept him climaxing for longer than he had ever done. He was out of breath when she released him.
"How can you do that?" He asked.
"I don't know, but you will be my sex toy now," Heather said.
He smiled; he liked the sound of that in his cum induced euphoria.
"Make me breakfast, or I will never let you cum again," Heather said.
He tried to get dressed. He never cooked, although he did know-how, and this had been a subject of many fights. Now, Heather intended to keep the upper hand if she could.
"No, I want you naked, sex toy," Heather said as she slapped his ass.
He went to the kitchen and used his mind to take out the pancake mix. He could do nothing against Heather's control, but his mind could pick up any inanimate object. He had finished making pancakes and was working on some eggs; the sausage was broiling in the lower oven. He was enjoying making Heather breakfast, and he felt good doing something positive for his wife. He now remembered why he fell in love with her. Heather came into the kitchen wearing only a short robe. Heather slapped his ass again.I like spanking him; Wilson better do just as I say, Heather thought.
"I invited Angelica over for breakfast. She will be here in five minutes," Heather said.
"I will go get dressed," Wilson said.
"No, you will stay naked and hard," Heather said forcefully.
His dick was willed painfully erect by Heather. There was a knock at the front door, and Angelica stood on the porch. Wilson dreaded opening the door nude he was shy about nudity for a man, and he feared Heather would require him to open the door. Angelica would typically walk right in the back door, so the two had planned for him to open the front door for her. Mrs. Higgins, a widow still in her housecoat, watered her azaleas, and Wilson feared she would see his naked glory.
"Answer the door, Dear," Heather said.
Wilson opened the door. Mrs. Higgins smiled and waved. Wilson felt very humiliated, having the septuagenarian see him naked and hard. Wilson's face became noticeably flush. Angelica giggled at his plight as she walked past Wilson. Angelica, Heather's best friend and the next-door neighbor, was at least ten years younger than Wilson's wife and very sexy. Heather knew Wilson had the hots for Angelica and intended to torment him with her. Angelica wore shorts and a halter-top. The top struggled to hold her large breasts; Angelica, half Asian, historically, flirted with Wilson because she loved to cock-tease him. Wilson loved her teasing, and Heather was sometimes jealous of her friend's torment of her husband.
"Hello Wilson and Woodson," Angelica said, teasing him about his woody.
"Do you like it? It has recently grown three inches larger," Heather said.
Wilson's cock was now a full third longer.
"If I had known, I would have worn a hat to hang on his hat rack," Angelica quipped.
Wilson blushed profusely.
"Serve us breakfast, Wilson, my reluctant nudist," Heather said.
Wilson served them while Angelica's lovely brown eyes kept staring longingly at his hard cock. When he finished waiting on them, he sat down to eat. They ate in silence for a few minutes.
"Do you like forced nudity, Wilson?" Heather asked.
"Yes, but it is humiliating," Wilson said. He turned red, just answering.
"You like being humiliated, though?" Angelica asked grinning.
"No, yes, I don't know," Wilson said, totally flustered.
They all were finishing their meal, and Wilson hoped the woman would give him peace. The teasing embarrassed him, though his penis had not been this hard in ages.
"Well, I like you naked," Heather said.
"I do, too, especially all stiff like that," Angelica said, giggling.
"I feel like you are objectifying me," Wilson said, slightly humiliated.
"I see when you are staring at my tits all the time, Wilson. I don't feel a bit sorry for you," Angelica said.
"Stand up and show us your cock, Sex Toy," Heather said.
It was then that Wilson unintentionally lashed out and used his mind, ripping off Angelica's halter top. Wilson's uncontrolled outburst ruined Angelica's bra and top. Her sexy creamy-tan-colored mammary pair were undulating from the rapid de-clothing. Her deep pink areola covered a large part of her breast tips, and big nipples were hard. Angelica, though shocked, did not hide. She loved to be exposed and was reveling in the attention.
"Wilson, what did you do?" Heather asked.
Wilson stunned with himself, did not answer. His shocked face revealed it was accidental.
"Did he just Zap my clothes off like Scott Baiao?" Angelica asked. She loved her breasts on display because she was an incurable tease.
"Yes, he can now move inanimate objects," Heather said.
"What do you think of my tits, Wilson?" Angelica asked.
"They are fantastic," Wilson said.
"Scott Baiao was cute, but I doubt he has a ten-inch cock; I do love that movie," Angelica said.
"I can control people, though," Heather said.
"Can we spank him for ruining my clothes?" Angelica asked.
Her intuition and long relationship with Heather had filled in the details of how helpless Wilson was against Heather's powerfully transformed mind's will. The unspoken cue from Heather's face had spoken volumes. She wanted to help Heather play with the now vulnerable Wilson.
"Great idea; Get a spatula from the drawer, Wilson," Heather said.
Wilson hesitated, and Heather gave him a slight pain in his balls. Wilson doubled over in shock.
"Hurry up and do as I say," Heather demanded.
Wilson hobbled to the drawer and retrieved a white plastic spatula.
"Did you just cause him ball pain?" Angelica asked.
"Yes, I can activate his nerves or deactivate them," Heather said.
"That is hot; hurt him again," Angelica said.
Wilson doubled over in shocking pain once more as Heather made his balls feel scorching heat. The two women laughed until Heather released him.Angelica is evil, asking for that, Wilson thought.
"Clear the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher. Then come out in the yard for your punishment," Heather said.
After he recovered, Wilson cleared the plates and rinsed them to put in the dishwasher, and he started it and walked outside. Angelica and Heather were talking at the outdoor table, and Angelica was still brazenly topless. The southern California sun illuminated her breasts' lovely form. Vanessa, a sexy forty-eight-year-old Hispanic, the opposite side neighbor, was out in her yard doing yard work but had stopped to chat. The working neighborhood built in the late nineteen-thirties was safe and quiet. The people on this Chestnut street block were friends, and Heather had told Vanessa to expect Wilson to be naked.
"Hello, Wilson, nice cock you have there," Vanessa said, smiling her dyed silky black hair framing her face.
"Come here and bend over the table," Heather said as she slapped the spatula against her palm.
He bent over the table, and Heather gave him twenty hard slaps with the plastic spatula, as Angelica counted them dramatically. Wilson was surprised by how excited his public spanking made him feel. She handed the spatula to Angelica. Angelica gave him twenty more as Heather scored them.
"Look, his cock is leaking. Someone enjoys having his ass paddled by women," Angelica said.
"Can I play too?" asked Vanessa, still watching, and dressed for yard work in a worn floral jumper. Even in this outfit, her body was noticeably sexy. Her nipples were pushing out the top of her jumper.
"Do you like being spanked, Wilson?" Vanessa asked, knowing the answer but wanting to torment him with the question.
"Yes, I do," Wilson quietly admitted.
Wilson felt humiliated, yet hornier than he could ever recall. He felt like a total degenerate enjoying this; it was delectably intense in its sensuality.
"Sure, come over," Heather said, her eyes sparkling with her delight.
Vanessa used her long tone legs to straddle the three-foot fence. Angelica handed her the spatula. She, too, smacked him twenty times as she counted her strokes. Vanessa gave the plastic cooking implement back to Heather, and the entire process repeated.
"He really likes this," Vanessa claimed in an astonished voice.
"I do too; it gets me excited," Angelica said, her nipples stood more rigid now.
Angelica reached out and grabbed Wilson's balls from behind.
"These feel full of cum," Angelica said.
"You want to fuck him?" Heather asked.
Angelica scraped her fingernails playfully on Wilson's ball sack.
"I do. Will you share Wilson," Vanessa said?
"Sure, he can't cum unless I allow it. We better move back into the house for this," Heather said.
They all went into the modest living room.
"Lay on your back on the floor, Sex toy," Heather said.
Wilson could not believe this was happening. He did as she asked before she might change her mind.
"Angelica asked first, so she gets his dick first, but he is a good pussy licker, so you should use his mouth at the same time," Heather said.
Angelica removed her shorts and purple thong panties and lowered her sex onto Wilson's hard ten inches.
"He is so big; this is worth losing my favorite halter top," Angelica said.
Vanessa removed the jumper to reveal she was nude under it. She sat on Wilson's face with her hairless wet pussy.
"Lick it good; Carlos won't do this, Wilson," Vanessa said, chuckling. Even keeping her sex clean-shaven had not inspired Carlos to please Vanessa with his tongue.
Wilson, already licking, doubled his efforts as he wanted to make the sexy Vanessa happy. Heather used her phone to take a picture. Angelica was working his cock with her pussy. Heather had his cock locked; no way could Wilson climax. He would teeter on edge for as long as Heather willed it.
"Now I can take everything in divorce court if you do not obey me forever, Wilson," Heather said playfully.
"Hey, we are in the picture also," Angelica said.
"Well, it looks like I have leverage on you two also," Heather said.
Angelica had only dreamed of riding a cock this long and hard; she was in heaven as it throbbed inside her. Angelica's tight half Asian pussy was driving Wilson crazy, but Heather was not about to let him cum. Angelica did not mind the picture as her body shuddered in an internal explosion. Angelica's body had experienced the most intense cum ever, and she climbed off Wilson wobbly kneed. Vanessa screamed as the lovely Latina went over the edge. She moved to Wilson's cock.
"I will leave it up to you, Vanessa; do you want him to shoot inside you, but if he does, you must have him clean you out with his tongue?" Heather asked.
"I want him to lick it out of me," Vanessa said.
"Finally, a white boy would be cleaning for her. After all those years of her youth she spent cleaning up for those misogynist white pricks up in the valley, Vanessa thought. She recalled the reticent pawing she had endured whenever the men were away from their wives' line of sight," Vanessa thought.
She lowered herself onto Wilson's cock.
"This is the biggest ever for me as well," Vanessa said.
She rode it hard and fast. Angelica crawled over to Heather.
"Are you going to use your leverage to force me to lick your pussy?" Angelica asked.
"Good idea makes good use of your tongue, Angelica," Heather said.
"Yes, Mistress," Angelica said, volunteering her servitude willingly for the first time.
Heather spread her legs, and Angelica's tongue went to work. Heather could tell she had done this before. Angelica had wanted this since the friendship began. Her female professor had enslaved her in college, and she wanted to serve a mistress again.
"Fuck, that is good," Heather exclaimed.
"Let him cum. I am Cuming," Vanessa screamed.
Heather unlocked Wilson, and a stream of pearly liquid flowed from his balls. Vanessa cupped her hand over her snatch to hold it in. She moved back to Wilson's mouth and let him clean his load out of her. Wilson licked; happily, he had decided his sex life would be much better if he stayed obedient. After all, Heather was making him bang sexy neighbors.
"Lick it all up, your misogynist bastard," Vanessa said, still remembering other men's despicable behavior.
He stopped licking to correct Vanessa. "No, I am my wife's sex toy," he bragged.
"Damn right you are," Heather said as Angelica's tongue caused Heather an internal eruption.
Vanessa climaxed again, and she was feeling powerful. Vanessa got off Wilson's face and put her jumper over her voluptuous body.
"I have to get home, but first, I want to see the chemical product," Vanessa said.
"Give them the tour, Wilson," Heather said.
Wilson took the two lovely women out to the shed. He showed them the tainted borax.
"What would happen if we did laundry with this?" Vanessa asked.
"I don't know," Wilson said.
"Can I have some to wash Carlos' work pants?" Vanessa asked.
"Sure, I will pour some into a jar," Wilson said.
"Good Carlos could use an equipment upgrade," Vanessa said.
He poured a little into a clean glass jar, and when it hit the bottom of the vessel, a cloud of pink smoke billowed up in the shed. The three unavoidably breathed it in and lost consciousness momentarily. Not one of them fell over, but they slept on their feet. Wilson became even more muscular, and his cock gained another inch in length. The women became younger, and their bodies toned more; Angelica appeared twenty-five, and Vanessa now appeared thirty again.
"Try to move something with your mind," Wilson suggested.
Vanessa tried, and nothing happened. Angelica concentrated, but no new ability. Wilson looked at Angelica's nude breastsand thought, "they are even sexier now,"
"Thank you. I am glad you like my tits," Angelica said.
"I did not say that out loud," Wilson said.
"I heard you," Angelica said.
"You read my mind then," Wilson said.
Vanessa reached out and touched his scabbed arm, and it instantly healed. Vanessa was now a healer.
"How did you know to try that?" Angelica asked.
"I do not know; I just did," Vanessa said.
Wilson could not understand the properties of his accidental creation. He scratched his head and looked puzzled. Angelica went and broke a switch off a tree; she returned to the shed and swatted Wilson with it. She hit Wilson's ass several times. Wilson's cock became erect once more as the switch left red stripes on his bare ass.
"Can you heal those welts?" Angelica asked.
"I will try," Vanessa said.
Vanessa reached out and rubbed Wilson's ass, and the welts disappeared. The three were astonished.
"Just shake the jar under Carlos' nose," Wilson said.
"Good idea, maybe it will increase his dick size. God knows that he could use a few inches," Angelica said.
"Hey, I told you that in confidence," Vanessa said.
"Sorry, Vanessa, but Wilson won't say anything if he wants to stay our fuck buddy," Angelica said.
"Mums, the word, I wasn't this big before the mishap," Wilson said.
"I better leave; I have a lot to do. I hope Heather will loan out your cock again," Vanessa said.
Vanessa left by stepping over the low fence again.
"I want a jar for Rod," Angelica said.
Wilson poured another jar, and the smoke made them pass out for even longer this time. Wilson's cock had grown again, gaining another inch. Angelica was even sexier now. Angelica looked at his hard cock and said, "I want to try that now that it is longer."
"Okay, sounds good to me,"Wilson thought.
"I heard that thought," Angelica said.
"Let's go and see if Heather will take us back to bed," Wilson said.
"Okay," Angelica said, bringing the jar with her carefully.
They went into the house, and Heather was waiting.
"Your cock is even bigger," Heather exclaimed.
"When will Rod get home?" Wilson asked.
"The day after tomorrow," Angelica said.
"I will let Angelica fuck Wilson if she licks me again," Heather thought.
"Deal," Angelica said.
"Did you just read my mind?" Heather asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Angelica said.
"Let us all go back to bed," Heather said.
Once in the bed, Angelica lay on her back, and Heather sat on her face while Wilson pile-drove her legs abutment with his pole. Wilson could hear both women's nonsensical verbal gushing as they enjoyed the sex.
"I hope you know she wants you to lap your cum out of me when you shoot again," Angelica said.
"I know, but I don't care; I have wanted to fuck you since the day I met you," Wilson admitted.
"Shut up, you two, and do as I say," Heather said.
He kept slamming his cock into Angelica, and he could tell she was getting close. He was getting close also. Just before they both achieved their hedonistic goal; Heather turned their orgasms off. Angelica and Wilson sighed in frustration.
"Come on, Heather, that's not fair," Angelica said.
"Who agrees to eat my ass? If one of you will promise to, you can cum," Heather said.
"I will, Mistress," Angelica said.
Heather used her mind to make them both climax hard. Angelica screamed as Wilson filled her with cum. Wilson then lay on his back, and Angelica sat her pussy on his cleaner tongue. Heather backed her asshole up to Angelica's mouth, and Angelica began rimming her. Soon Angelica's tongue deep up Heather's ass. Heather liked how it felt, and Angelica could hear her thoughts exclaiming praise for Angelica's tongue. Her tongue naughtily fucking her ass, Heather felt powerful, making her lovers both perform despicable acts. Angelica did not feel repulsed but thrilled to eat ass, and Wilson was enjoying being a cleaner. Had Heather secretly reprogramed their brains?
Heather climaxed as Angelica did as well. They all took a nap together. The ladies had their head on his shoulder as he cupped a breast of each woman in his hands. He was in heaven; Wilson could not believe how much life changed in seventy-two hours. They awoke two hours later.
Mrs. Higgins knocked on the door with a plate of cookies. She mostly wanted to see Wilson naked again.
"Answer the door Wilson," Heather said.
Wilson answered the door, still nude. Mrs. smiled as Heather used her mind power to reinflate Wilson's shaft. Mrs. Higgins barged in.
"I love the greeting," Mrs. Higgins said.
Mrs. Higgins was a nice woman and was not a busy body, and she would often pay upfront with her excellent cookies when she wanted a favor in return. But today, she had seen something she wanted to see more of, and Mrs. Higgins asserted herself more than usual.
"I want to know how you got so young?" she asked Heather, who was wearing the short robe again. Angelica was still nude. Mrs. Higgins was tall and attractive for her age. She handed Heather the plate of cookies as she waited for the response.
"Wilson had an accidental discovery in the lab," Heather said.
"Go show her the product," Angelica said.
Wilson led Mrs. Higgins to the lab, placed the powder under her nose, and shook the box. The vapor knocked Mrs. Higgins out. Wilson also collapsed again. Twenty minutes later, they awoke, and Mrs. Higgins looked forty again.
"The main ingredient is the pink flower you let me have," Wilson said.
"My bougainvillea, the ones Mr. Higgins planted for me on our twenty-fifth anniversary?" Mrs. Higgins asked.
"Yes, I could not recall the name. I hope you don't mind," Wilson said.
"He was such a giving man. I don't think he would mind, now that he is gone," Mrs. Higgins said.
They walked back into the house. Mrs. Higgins saw her reflection in the living room mirror, and she pecked Wilson on the lips.
"Thank you, Wilson," she said.
Then she kissed Heather on the lips, but Heather forced her tongue into Mrs. Higgins's mouth. The two women continued to kiss. They stopped kissing and looked at Wilson to see if he was jealous. Wilson was not. They kissed again, but Wilson was too intrigued by scientific thought to be jealous.
"Try to move things with your mind, Mrs. Higgins," Wilson said.
She concentrated, but nothing happened.
"Try to control people with your mind," Heather said.
Again, nothing happened when she tried it out. Angelica handed her a wilted plant.
"Try to restore the plant," Angelica said.
She could not restore it.
"Enough of that," Heather said, French, kissing Mrs. Higgins again. Soon they all went back to bed. Mrs. Shirley Higgins was bi-sexual, and she was a dynamo. Shirley had a massive rack once her clothes were off. Heather had Wilson do Shirley as well. Wilson liked his new life of subservience to the generous Heather; he never thought she would share his cock so freely. Once Wilson filled Shirley's neatly trimmed sex, Heather made him lick his semen out of her. He was surprised how aroused cleaning his seed out of her made him; Wilson became hard again, and Angelica rode his shaft. Once they were tired and resting, "Wilson, go get more powder, I want to see if we can make Shirley any younger," Heather said.
Wilson brought back the powder and shook it under Shirley's nose once more. They all passed out again, and when they awoke, Shirley looked thirty once more. The pink cloud now worked as an aphrodisiac, as it had the night before. The four went back at it.
"Would you be my slave also, Shirley?" Heather asked.
"Yes, I would love to," Shirley said.
"Lick my pussy slave," Heather demanded of Shirley.
Shirley happily complied as Angelica climbed back onto Wilson's rigid cock.
"I love this long cock," Angelica said.
Heather made sure Wilson did not climax. Angelica climaxed from the long hard piston action. When Shirley licked Heather to climax, Heather said, "You should ride Wilson again, Shirley."
Shirley went again, and Wilson could not believe the events taking place. He had gone from no sex to abundant sex. Shirley on rode Wilson hard. When she climaxed again, she passed out from the intensity. Minutes later, they all became aware of their surroundings.
"Let us all go to dinner," Heather said.
"Where should we go?" Angelica asked.
"Josefa's, I think," Heather said.
"How can I get home to change. Wilson has ruined my top?" Angelica said.
"I will loan you my white dress, but it will be tight on your chest," Heather said.
"To get home or go to the restaurant?" Angelica asked.
"To the restaurant, of course, you did say you wanted to be my slave," Heather said.
"I do, Mistress," Angelica said.
"Good, I want your naked body only covered by thin muslin cloth," Heather said.
"The one your bra showed through, Mistress?" Angelica asked.
"Yes, the dress is almost transparent," Heather said. Angelica's face looked concerned,
"I don't know everyone knows me at Josefa's," Angelica said.
"I know, and you will be the talk of the place," Heather said.
Angelica looked flustered but did not argue further.
"Give Wilson your thong panties to wear," Heather said.
"I don't want to wear women's underwear," Wilson complained.
"Do you want to cum ever again?" Heather asked.
"Okay. I will wear the panties," Wilson said.
"Now, what should Shirley wear?" Heather mused.
"I know your tube top and mini-skirt from the eighties," Angelica said.
"Yes, but no underwear," Heather said.
"Don't worry, girls; we will travel to a restaurant several cities away before eating. We will go somewhere no one knows us," Heather said.
"Why don't we go to the amusement park? I have four free tickets to Knott's Cherry Ranch that expire today," Angelica said.
"You want to go to an amusement park in a tight, almost transparent dress?" Heather asked.
"Yes, that sounds fun," Angelica said.
"I don't want to wear a Minnie skirt and no panties on thrill rides," Shirley said.
"It will be fun; no one will know it is you. No one knows you look thirty again," Heather said.
"You will wear sweatpants, Wilson. I want to pull them down to expose your borrowed pink panties in line," Heather said.
They all changed into sexy clothes. Heather wore a short summer dress sans underwear, while Shirley squeezed into the tube top and mini skirt. Heather decided to put a vile of Wilson's powder into her purse, just in case.
The four sexual sojourners drove forty-eight miles across the Los Angeles metropolis to Buena Park to get to the amusement park. Once there, they used the free passes to get in. inside, the crowds were light, and they rode several rides. Angelica was aroused and her nipples stood proudly lifting the light white material of the dress. She could feel her aroused sex weeping down the inside of her leg. Angelica was glad she had received the free tickets from an anonymous source; she assumed it was the Lions club as she had dedicated many hours of service there in the last year.
Inline, the women took liberties with Wilson's body. They amused themselves at his expense. Wilson was becoming aroused and embarrassed at the same time. On the aerial gondola that transverse the park, Heather pulled his erect penis out between passing gondolas. Each time she waited slightly longer to cover his manhood; unaware she had caught the security camera attendant's attention. The female security guard was enticed by what she saw and went to tell her female supervisor. Wilson felt tormented by her game, but he also loved it. Winston was discovering he liked things he never imagined he could desire. Once off that attraction, they stopped for a hamburger and fries.
They went into a haunted mine ride that went into an artificial subterranean world. On the attraction, Heather pulled Wilson's sweatpants down and stroked his shaft through the pink panties. The path followed by the cart winded around inside the building, doubling back to the center in several places. A young female ride attendant watching the cars for safety sniggered while the minecart went by. Wilson felt embarrassed, but Heather just laughed.
The ride came to a halt, and the young ride attendant came to their cart.
"If you give me his sweatpants and shirt, I will turn the ride back on," the attendant said.
Heather handed the pants to the attendant. Wilson removed his shirt and Heather handed it over. Once Wilson was only in the thong panties, the ride resumed. Wilson began to worry, "what will happen at the end of the trip? I will get arrested. The cart lurched forward, and 45 feet later, another attendant stopped the ride.
"I will have those panties now," the new Asian attendant said.
Heather removed Wilson's borrowed pink panties and handed them to the young college girl. The minecart began its twisting journey ounce more. The black light illuminated Wilson's naked flesh, and other patrons could see his nudity. He felt mortified of his forced nudity. He was a reluctant nudist, yet he undeniably found it incredibly erotic. It was late, and everyone on the attraction was an adult. The park was almost empty anyway. But several unknown women could see his plight every time the track doubled back towards the center. He dreaded the ride's return outside even more, soon he would be exposed to the well-lit ride loading area. His heart raced in a slight panic as he recognized the last bit of a ride, he had experienced many times before. The attraction doors opened and the dreaded moment of pulling out of the enclosed ride happened, Wilson frantically looked for the ride attendant who had his clothes. Strange women in line stood with their mouths aghast. Wilson covered his groin with his hands as several young women giggled at his plight nervously.
He stood up to exit the cart, horrendously embarrassed. An all-female security contingent swarmed the four riders.
"You all will have to come with us," A tall brunet female officer said.
The four neighbors followed into a security office adjacent to the mine ride.
"The park is closing in ten minutes, but we cannot have nude men running amuck," The college-aged guard said. Three guards went back to their duties. Two attendants, along with the female head of security, led the four neighbors into a large security office. This boss woman wore a skirt and security blouse. The security supervisor seemed a bitch and very authoritative. She had wanted to be a police officer but had been found unfit during the vetting process. The academy deemed her too power-hungry to serve.
"Do you have his clothes?" the forty-year-old security supervisor asked.
The ride attendant who had hid them, just giggled. She had no intention of returning them to Wilson, unless ordered to do so. All the neighbors now detained in the security office felt like naughty high schoolers again.
"Where are your clothes, sir?" the female security boss asked.
"I do not know, one of the ride workers have them," Wilson said.
"Are you telling me you stripped naked and gave your clothes to a stranger at an amusement park?" She berated.
"Yes," Wilson said. Wilson looked down at the security boss' desk to ashamed to look her in the eye. He read her name placard and her name was Amber Clarkson.
"I give you two choices; one I call the cops or two I spank you over my desk with this paddle?" Amber said as she retrieved a round wooden paddle from her desk.
"Spank me, please don't turn me in," Wilson said.
"Put your palms flat on the desk and wait," Amber said.
"Yes, Mam," Wilson said as he bent forward over the desk and waited.
"Now for the one who was the instigator," Amber said looking directly at Heather.
"What do you want?" Heather asked. Wilson knew Heather could use her power to overcome Amber any time she chose and wondered if she would.
"I want you to strip and put your palms flat on the desk as well," Amber said.
Heather complied; Wilson wondered if she had forgot about her control skills. She removed her short summer dress and was naked. She put her hands flat on the desk.
"No underwear slut?" Amber asked.
"No Mam," Heather said.
"Count the strokes," Amber ordered as she began.
Amber hit Heather and she cried, "One."
Amber hit Wilson painfully and he grimaced, "One," as well.
Five strokes later they both called out "Six," in turn.
Their bottoms were showing pink now, as the spankings progressed.
"Ten," the couple exclaimed in turns as those strokes found their mark.
They continued counting as they went by forty and finally Amber stopped after they each received fifty strokes. Wilson and Heather felt turned on by the pain and both their asses were bright red. Amber, likewise, was too aroused to continue.
While the couple rested the zealous Security, boss searched their things. The security boss had dish water blond hair pulled into a stern bun. She was voluptuous and smelled of perfume. She rummaged through Heathers bag, she found the vile of compound X and opened it; she took a whiff and passed out. When she awoke, she looked twenty years younger.
"Hello Amber," Angelica said.
"Hello Angelica, I thought it must be your daughter or something when I first saw you," Amber the security guard said.
"No, it is me, the powder you just inhaled is a miracle. Look in the mirror," Angelica said.
Amber looked in the mirror on the wall and her face showed her astonishment.
"I look twenty years younger," Amber said.
"We look almost as good as we did in high school again," Angelica said.
"Yes, we do," Amber said.
"How long has it been since we ran into one another? Angelica asked her high school rival.
"At least fifteen years," Amber said.
"How is Kevin?" Angelica said.
"Not sure, the bastard divorced me," Amber said.
"The best thing you ever did for me was stealing him. My Rod is so much better," Angelica bragged cattily.
"I am taking a break from men, though I have several college sluts for slaves don't I Jennifer?" Amber said.
"Yes, Mistress Amber," the tall brunet college aged ride attendants said. Jennifer was lovely, lithe, and sensuous. She stood around five foot nine and looked like a tennis player.
"Did you suspect, it was me that sent the complimentary tickets?" Amber asked.
"I thought they were from the Lions club," Angelica said.
Jennifer began to stroke Wilson's erection as the two former classmates caught up.
"Would you like to ride that cock slut, Jennifer?" Amber asked.
"Yes Mistress," Jennifer said.
"You may, if you do it in front of everyone," Amber said.
Jennifer quickly removed her clothes, revealing her lean body. Her breasts were nice, just big enough to compliment her size. Her nipples were erect, and moisture wept from her shaved sex. Jennifer pushed Wilson onto his back over the security desk. She climbed onto his phallus as her folds engulfed it, as a gasp escaped from her mouth. Wilson could not believe it, the day just kept getting better. Heather watched proudly as Wilson's cock addicted another female to its lust.
"Now for what I want from you Angelica. I want you to strip," Amber said.
Angelica removed the white dress and was nude.
"Only sluts do not wear underwear. Are you a slut?" Amber said.
"Yes, Amber," Angelica said.
"Crawl over here and lick my pussy," Amber said.
"Yes, Mistress Amber," Angelica said
Amber spoke into her radio, "Patricia come to my office."
Amber spread her legs to reveal she too was a slut as she was sans underwear as well. After crawling across the room, Angelica started to lick Amber as ordered.
"Pick one and make her your slave Dominique," Amber said. Dominique the other guard grabbed a hand full of Heather's hair and dragged her into the holding cell. Dominique pushed Heather unto her back on a cot and lowered her pussy onto Heather's waiting mouth. Heather licked her without complaint.
"I have fantasized about this since I saw Miss Vickers the P. E. coach dominating you in school. That is why I sent the tickets," Amber said as Angelica lapped her clitoris. Amber shuddered in a pre-orgasmic spasm as she was edging close to one.
The hard-bodied Asian attendant entered the room.
"Hello Patricia, take this one and make her your bitch," Amber said pointing to Shirley. Patricia, the newly arrived Asian female dragged Shirley into the interrogation room to join Heather and Dominique. Patricia and Jennifer were the only two that new where Wilson's clothes were.
Wilson shot his load into Jennifer and she moved her soiled sex over his mouth.
"Lick me clean, Slut," Jennifer said. Wilson did as her request and his cock began stirring again.
"You enjoy this too much Angelica, I wanted this to be my final dominance over you, but it is not," Amber said.
Amber noticed Wilson's erection and she wanted it. She pushed Angelica away and lowered her sex onto his shaft. She leaned forward and began kissing Jennifer on the lips. She stopped to order Angelica," Now eat my ass, slut," she said.
Angelica rimmed Amber as she rode Wilson slowly.
"Now, I feel dominant. I win forever," Amber exclaimed.
Heather lost patience with the game and took control of the situation. It became obvious she knew the difference between friends and frenemies. She controlled Dominique holding her hands behind her back and making her get off her. She forced her back into the security office.
"Dominque replace Angelica tongue with your own," Heather said.
Dominique did as she was ordered, and it did not seem to repulse her much. She seemed to enjoy it as she forced her tongue deep into her Mistresses anus.
"Angelica, use that paddle on Amber's tits and ass as you wish," Heather said.
Angelica paddled Amber's massive right breast as Amber climaxed forcefully.
"Now I own you, Amber" Angelica said after Amber stopped shaking.
"No, I own you both now," Heather bragged as she caused the two rivals to orgasm with her mind.
Amber and Angelica who had been locked in a vehement stare, their eyes now changed to docile, knowing Heather had the power. They both looked at Heather and waited. Heather brought them both off again. The two rivals slumped exhausted after the intensity released them.
"Have you found a new place since the divorce, Amber?" Heather asked.
"No, I am staying with my folks in Fontana," she said.
"Wilson my husband and I live next door to Angelica in Fontana as well," Heather said.
"Oh," Amber said.
"How did you get my address?" Angelica asked amber.
"My parents live around the corner and I saw you doing yardwork as I drove by," Amber said.
"How would you like to move in with Wilson and I as our sex slave, Amber?" Heather asked.
"What about my slaves?" Amber asked.
"You may keep them, and Wilson will enjoy wearing your sex out with his cock whenever he wants too. Is it a deal?" Heather asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Amber said.
"Now move your ass, Wilson wants to cum again," Heather ordered.
Amber had never felt a cock like this before and she like the rest was addicted to it and would do anything to get a regular dosage of it.
"Good girl, now I expect my best friend slave and new slave to become friends. I can tell you are only enemies because of pride and hurtful actions. I want you to make up. Tomorrow I will intermediate for you," Heather announced. The two rivals groaned at the same time and when they noticed how similar their reactions were, they smiled.
Wilson ejaculated into Amber as she shuddered with another orgasm.
"When can I move in?" Amber asked.
"Tomorrow, do you like anal sex?" Heather asked.
"Yes, I do," Amber said.
"Good, I don't, and I like making Wilson happy," Heather said.
"I like anal sex," Angelica said.
"Excellent, Wilson will enjoy violating you both after dinner tomorrow," Heather said.
"Rod will be home tomorrow," Angelica said.
"Don't worry Shirley and I will keep him busy, after he inhales the powder. I only like big ones now," Heather said. All the women laughed.