Her summer job as a Park Ranger on Bear Island was her dream "cum" true. She had not imagined getting in touch with nature would include a large lumberjack, kinky campers, and losing her clothes so often.
After this summer, she would always refer to this natural park as "Bare" Island.
--
"Mandy you received a letter!" her Mom yelled to her from the other room as she entered the front door. "I think it is for your summer job with the Park Service!"
Mandy came running from the other room to get the letter. This was the moment. She was anxious that it would be an acceptance letter. If that were the case, it would be great. She just finished her third year in college studying Biology and was eager to have something to do. The summer was long! She had applied as a Park Ranger with the National Park Services for one of the Islands in the Northern Lakes.
She opened the letter.
--
"Dear Ms. Kennedy,
We are pleased to confirm that you have been selected to work as "Park Ranger" in the National Parks Service. You shall be stationed at "Bear" Island. This is a special post because the island is only accessible by a ferry that operates only two days a week.
Being a specialized station with few campers allowed at one time, your responsibilities are to enforce the rules, regulations, and policies of the national parks, as well as to be a point of contact for any problems. Since the island is approximately 4 square miles, you will be required to make rounds a few times a week. From the base camp, where you are stationed, there is a logging area a couple of miles away at the north end of the island.
Additionally, During this period the logging company shall be operating. So, you will be required to check on their operational compliance.
We do hope that you will accept the offer. We believe that you shall be an excellent addition to our team and we are pleased that you will form a part.
Welcome aboard!"
---
1 Ferry....Arriving:
"Mandy, are you really sure about this?" her Mom said as Mandy was about to board the ferry. "You will be alone on that island for days on end. What if something happens?"
"All aboard!" The man in the sea conductor uniform said in a baritone voice, interrupting and providing the perfect cover for Mandy. Even the conspicuous and oversized belly of the conductor could not conceal the object of his gaze. He looked at this girl, from her toes to her head. In those flash instants, maybe he was recalling his youth and how he would pursue this sexy red cherry blond hair girl in khaki shorts and shirt -- her Park uniform. Now, with his unflattering middle age, he could only admire her good looks, the warm glow in her skin, and the accentuated freckles from the summer. But such pleasures were good enough for the man with what appeared a jolly and congenial demeanor.
"Oh Mom, nothing will happen," she reassured her as she adjusted her overstuffed backpack, and hiked it up further bending her long slender sexy legs. "Besides, I am in contact with the base here in the Cove and there are the campers and loggers coming and going to the island as well."
"But what about the black bears?"
"They are more interested in eating berries than people," she giggled. "Besides, they are always mating during these months."
She kissed her mom on the cheek.
"Don't worry, we are in contact once a week when the ferry comes...."
The conductor retreated up the deck, and the horn of the ferry sounded indicating that it was about to stow away...
Mandy turned and rapidly boarded the ramp as the motors of the ferry began to spin. Once on the deck of the Ferry, she turned and waved to her mother.
She couldn't imagine that she wasn't just going to the Park to work, but to live out the most erotic and sexy moments of her life.
--
2. The backdrop and some old tales
As the Ferry pulled off from Gulls Cove, even the beginning of summer, the morning waves of the Lake remind her of how very precarious these icy waters can be. She looked out across the vast water that seemed like an ocean. From the schoolbooks, she remembers the eerily same date of November 10 that two infamous White Hurricanes produced what some would later call the "three sisters" waves that would claim the LC Waldo in 1913 and the Edmund Fitzgerald in 1975. The fierce Northern gales sent the ships to their icy tombs.
She thought of all these things as, even now, the deep blue waters demanded respect as the Ferry left the shore. At these northern latitudes, one had the sensation that winter was just around the corner, and the warm breeze was a fleeting respite.
3. The new park ranger...
"Henry Meskill here," the tall skinny, and nerdy-looking man in the Park uniform said, "You must be Mandy. Mandy Kennedy?"
"Yes," she said struggling with her awkwardly stuffed backpack that with to and fro of the voyage seemed to make the bag even more unwieldy than before. "Nice to meet you," as she extended her hand.
"Glad to meet you," the man said enthusiastically and happy with the prospect of being relieved of his duties for a few months. "I'll fill you in on a few details, and then I'll be off."
"You must be looking forward to it?"
"You bet I am. Yes-sir-ree, goin' south for a bit. To see the folks, like," he said with an undeniable twang.
The park ranger was stationed on the island during the entire year, except for the very cruel months of January and February.
"Here, let me help you with your bag," as he grabbed the backpack.
She let him with much appreciation. She grabbed the other smaller bags of special rations as well as other "personal" effects that she had brought with her.
"There's ya park ranger cabin, aye..yonder," the man pointed by jerking his head in the direction.
It was a wooden structure positioned about halfway up the slope from the dock landing and just before the tree line. There were two large pine trees that protected it from the brunt of the Southwestern winds if they blew, but for the most part, had a clear view of the lake and dock.
To the sides of the cabin, there were small clearings with tents. These were the areas for designated campsites.
They walked together towards the cabin.
"First time for ya as a Ranger, I take it?"
"Yeah," she smiled back at him. "I am really excited about it."
"Great job! I love it. Pay sucks, but the air is good," he chuckled like a dying horse at his profound observation.
She smiled back and forced a laugh in an attempt to form part of her new guild as a fellow coworker.
"It's really pretty here," she said informally.
"Ya, well you read the guide to tell the folks that come here. Ya know, what they put in the brochure. A boreal forest, comprised mostly of pine, spruce, and larches. Years ago, these parts were quarries for brownstone that they shipped down to the city. My gran' pa told me 'bout that."
She listened.
"Now, it's up to us to protect these parts," he said proudly as if defending the fatherland with a deep sense of patriotism.
Just then, Mandy heard a woman and looked over to the Campsite area. She was startled to see a beautiful woman completely nude. The woman was gathering her things and apparently getting ready to leave on the ferry. Henry realized Mandy was looking at the woman.
"That there is Emily. A real ticket! hot-dog, yes-sir-ree," he said with a grin and starting with his horse-like laughter. "She spends the entire time in the buff. Ya know, naked as a jay-bird. And a real looker, and a set of....." he caught himself, remembering he was talking to a girl and not just another male coworker. "Oh sorry..."
"That's allowed? I mean, being naked like that?"
"Sure. No problem. This is nature."
"But, she is naked in front of all the other campers?" Mandy asked surprised and incredulously.
"Yeah. She doesn't mind. And neither do they. She doesn't bring any clothes. Not a stitch! And she's as natural as a 'possum in a 'Taters' banquet," he horse-chuckled again then paused. "Damn thing to be talking to her and she is completely naked, I'll tell ya! But then ya gets used t' it after a while. Yes-sir-ree. At first, she was embarrassed, but then after so many weeks like that, she would sit amongst all the campers as if she was fully dressed," he was lost in his thoughts. "Real pretty, that Emily."
"Oh my!" Mandy watched the woman gather her things and start to walk towards the ferry completely naked. As they walked forward, Mandy turned and continued to watch Emily.
"To tell you the truth, I don't think I ever saw Emily with clothes on," he said as if pondering a deep question.
"Do any of the other campers walk around naked?"
"Sometimes. But, not like Emily. Occasionally there are those that go skinny dipping, but not like Emily. No sir-ree," he paused with fondness, "Emily is one heck of a gal."
Something in Mandy suddenly clicked. She could not imagine that this was possible.
"But, I have to warn ya," he said lowering his voice to guard a secret between the two of them. "The campers can get a bit 'frisky' - ifs ya knows what I means." He paused looking at her, "Ya know, between them all."
Mandy looked at him incredulously.
"Do you mean ...?"
"Yup!"
Mandy felt her nipples become hard. Her mind flashed to the dildo that she had hidden in her backpack. That will need some use. Soon!
"Oh my!"
The older park ranger would never have imagined that this just caused this girl's panties to become very moist.
--
As the ferry pulled away from the dock of the landing, Mandy waved to Henry. She was about to turn around when Emily appeared also at the stern of the boat and waved. Mandy thought, "It seems to be a natural thing to do -- to wave from a boat, even if you didn't know the person you waved to."
And Emily was very natural, indeed. Her naked breast moved back and forth as she waved her golden arms back and forth as if she was old friends with Mandy. The boat was close enough that she realized that Emily's pussy was completely shaved. It was the most erotic image that she had seen in her life.
When the boat was now further out, she turned and headed to her cabin. She looked at the campsites to glimpse if anybody else was there (or naked), but the sites seemed devoid of activity. She would use the time to install her few belongings in the cabin and then begin her first activities as Park Ranger that Henry had explained.
Henry had told her about her duties as a ranger before leaving. In particular, about monitoring the logging activity on the far end of the island. The lumberjacks come and go, but most often there are four or five of them, but sometimes there are only two. She was required to write a report at least two times a week and make sure that they comply with the rules stipulated between the park service and the logging company. Henry told her it was a good idea to go introduce herself since they would be expecting her.
--
Mandy figured that she could do that a bit later. However, the first business would be to meet the campers.
There were 3 couples presently on the island. Each had a small secluded campsite but separated by about 100 meters, but all situated around the ranger cabin. Since slots were limited, the campers changed from week to week, but there were never more than 12 at a time.
Since her job was to orient and provide information, she went to meet them. After greetings, some conversation, and other pleasantries, one of the couples invited her to join them that night for a campfire get-together.
4. Meeting the loggers
Since she had more time than expected and was anxious to know the island, Mandy decided to go to the logger's camp that afternoon. On the way, she would learn about the island. There was a path that ran through the center. She would see where they are and have a way to explore the small island.
Undoing her backpack she was so horny from the idea of Emily. The thought of walking naked there was so hot. When she was making her pack, she decided to pack a secret -- her ben-wa balls. She figured she would use them somewhere along the walk. This would make the hike more interesting!
Thinking about what Henry told her about Emily, the thought became so enticing, that she stopped and decided to slip them in. Now with each movement, she was receiving stimulation that would slowly build up to bring her over the edge.
--
After trekking across the island towards the northern shores, she finally arrived at the logger camp. There were four men. Two of the men came over to meet her. They were probably in their late 40s but with such hard work, they looked like old men. The other two, that seemed much younger, continued working and just made glances towards her.
"Howdy," Mandy greeted them with a smile. "I'm the new Park Ranger. Henry told me to come here and introduce myself."
"Hello Miss," the older one said with a smile. "We were expecting you. Hank here and this Jimmy. Nice to meet you," he extended his hand.
Mandy noticed how his hands were large and felt like tree bark. But they were both polite and nice enough.
Mandy occasionally stole glances at the young men working. Whenever Mandy looked, the man in the red shirt couldn't take his eyes off her.
Hank noticed that Mandy seemed to always look in their direction.
"Oh, that's Bobby, and over there in the red shirt is Sam," he said as a way of introduction.
The two of them stopped working and waved to Mandy.
But, the one called Sam looked straight into her eyes. He seemed mesmerized by her. Suddenly, she felt his penetrating gaze. At first glance, he -- like the other three -- looked burly, unkempt, and hardened by their work and harsh conditions. But the more she looked at him, she realized that he was strikingly good-looking. He was tall, broad-shouldered with deep brown eyes and brown hair. His beard was full, with blond highlights under his lip. Despite his gritty and hard appearance, his face seemed kind, handsome, and almost boyish. His open sweaty shirt showed part of his chest and she could imagine his muscles underneath.
Her face flushed and the ben-wa balls inside her stirred all of a sudden making her body involuntary jerk as she nearly gasped. She hadn't expected this.
She greeted both of them, but when she looked at Sam, she all of a sudden was flush and felt bashful. She looked away and returned to the conversation with Hank, who seemed to be Sam's boss, going over details of her planned visits and inspections.
--
"Well, thanks for your cooperation," she said as she prepared to leave.
During the entire time that she spoke with Hank, she would sneak glances at Sam. Between his swings of the large wedge-shaped maul-axe to split the large tree trunks, he would continually look at Mandy. Each time she looked, he seemed to look straight into her eyes.
"No problem, Ranger," Hank said with much deference. "If you need anything, we're here camped out over there." He turned and pointed in the northern direction.
As she waved goodbye, Sam stopped swinging the axe, held it between him, and looked at her. Time seemed to stop between them. She suddenly remembered where she was and simply smiled and waved at all of them, turned around, and headed down the path from which she had arrived.
She was well aware of the ben-wa balls moving inside her and she felt her panties were drenched.
--
5. The antics of Campers these days
At night, the campers had invited her to sit around a small fire they had set up at the water's edge. She would learn their names: Beth and Neil, Jacqueline or Jacky and Eddie, and Jennifer and Michael.
"Here try some of this," Eddie said pouring the content of some type of liquor into her cup. "It will warm you up."
She never drank alcohol, but it might palliate the unexpectedly cool breeze coming off the water even on a warm summer night.
They talked and laughed about different jokes. Then, the conversation turned to Emily.
"Yes, we sure will miss Emily," Neil said. "I'm sure you saw her leaving. She was the one without any clothing. they told her how one of the last campers was into walking around completely naked. From the moment she arrived, she would never wear any clothing. Most nights we would meet at night and she would sit here completely naked with all of us around the campfire."
Mandy was amazed at what they told her. However, it was the next part of the explanation that blew her mind.
"She would show them whatever about her body without hesitation as if it were the most natural thing in the world...She would join each of us in our tents... if you know what I mean...."
With this, Mandy could have had an orgasm without even touching herself.
6. The campfire and The Game -- Truth or dare
In the conversation around the fire, the group told Mandy about their lives and about the many times that they have been to Bear Island. Then, the conversation shifted to Emily. Apart from what Henry had said, they told Mandy that Emily was not only an exhibitionist but also very kinky. They insinuated that she had sex with all of them continually and she was somewhat of a nymphomaniac.
"I don't know," Neil said to the group, "It sure would be great to have another girl around here like Emily willing to be naked all the time and play in our games."
Mandy felt that even though they were far more discreet, all the gazes and thoughts were directed towards her.
--
They continued to tell stories, laugh, and drink something was similar to a Sherry wine. Mandy thought how congenial it was and felt very comfortable and content with them. As normally happens, individual conversations began and Mandy found herself talking more and more to Jacky.
While she was having a conversation with Jacky, she saw that Eddie -- Jacky's husband -- sat closer to Neil and Beth. They were laughing about some joke and in their own conversation, as she spoke to Jacky about their old alma Mata university.
"What's one thing you only do when you're alone?" Eddie asked Beth as part of their word game.
Jacky looked over to them and then explained. "Oh, don't mind them, they're playing truth or dare, as usual," she said rather uninterested.
A few moments later, when Mandy glanced over, she saw that Beth had pulled up her shirt and Jacky's husband was kneading her breasts while Beth rubbed his bulging cock and kissed her own husband.
They began laughing again and continued with the game.
"Where's the weirdest place you peed?" Neil asked.
Mandy was trying to pay attention to Jacky, but she heard the rest of the group shriek with more laughter.
Suddenly, Beth stood up, grasped her shorts, and pulled them completely down revealing her smooth pussy lips.
She danced around showing her entire beautiful figure in the campfire light. Mandy watched her, mesmerized as she continued talking with Jacky who seemed to be either bored, accustomed, or oblivious to the raunchy game that her husband was participating in with another couple.
She then sat down in between Neil and Eddie with her legs spread so they were crossed over each of the legs of the men. This way, they were splayed out.
She first leaned towards her husband and kissed him passionately. Her hand reached his bulge and she rubbed it up and down. She broke from the kiss and looked into his eyes. With that message between them, she turned her head and began to passionately kiss Eddie while she put her hand on his cock. Eddie slipped his hand to her pussy and touched her.
Mandy stared at them and awe, while she was still in casual conversation with Eddie's wife. The situation was surreal for her.
Finally, Jacky stopped talking and they both watched the three play the game while the other couple sat on the other side of the fire also watching.
"What's your guilty pleasure?"
Beth lost this one as well and she had to unbutton Eddie's pants. She then pulled out his cock that was already hard and started to stroke it up and down.
She seems to be always losing but doesn't seem to mind, Mandy thought. Beth then bent down while her husband Neil watched and engulfed Eddie's cock into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down a few times and then stopped. She had completed her task. She looked up and smiled at Eddie and then kissed him on the mouth.
They laughed between them and Beth returned in the arms of her husband. All during this, her bare pussy was on display to the entire group. This was something that Mandy would not forget.
--
Mandy was so turned on watching this entire escapade that she wanted to touch herself. She was looking forward to getting back to her room so she could masturbate.
It would take a few more episodes like this before Mandy would participate like Beth. Very soon, innocent Mandy will be very very good at this game. Even better than Beth.
For that dear reader, we will have to see Mandy alone in her cabin. Then we will need to follow her through the woods when she decides it's time to make contact with nature.
--
7. A lonely Cabin...
Mandy retired to her cabin. After watching the couples around the campfire have casual sex right in front of her, she was so horny that she was dying to peel off her shorts and panties and rub herself to orgasm. Normally she had fantasies, but nothing like what she heard about Emily. This is what turned her on more than anything all night.
And -- the insinuation that she might take Emily's place here on the island.
She had never been so horny and had never thought of herself as an exhibitionist, but the idea blew her mind. She started to imagine different ways that she could start to be more like Emily, getting into it slowly.
"Are you crazy, Mandy?" she scorned herself. "You are going to lose your job. You can't just go walking around nude and having sex with the campers!"
But, in her sex-crazed mind, the whole idea started to sound rational. She began to imagine herself hiding her clothes while she bathed and acting as if somebody had taken them. She would have to go seek help from all the people in the campsite and they would see her completely naked.
She then imagined that they would touch her. She would act not to like it, but she would want it.
Then, she thought about the loggers. She thought about Sam. She imagined being caught naked by him. Maybe he would take her in his big strong arms and she would be like a helpless animal as he ravaged her. Maybe he would take all her clothes so that she would have to be naked for the entire time she was on the island.
As her thoughts became even more explicit, her fingers found the moist folds between her legs.
"Oh, Sam," she whispered out loud as if he were there with her, "That's it! Put your tongue there." She gasped.
She imagined that his tongue was moving up and down her moist lips.
Her fingers started to move faster and pressed into her engorging clit with more force. Rubbing in circles, then back and forth, then in circles again.
Her mind raced. She became Emily. She was naked like an animal.
He was here with her. Sam was naked with her and he would toss her over on the bed and enter her from behind. He would make her get on all fours.
"Ah...," she gasped. She was going out of her mind.
All of a sudden, she heard a shriek! She stopped and came back to reality.
"Had something happened?" she whispered, as her heart raced. "Has something happened to one of the campers? Have they been attacked by an animal?"
Her fears quickly dissipated when the shrieks resumed with even more intensity and with a steady rhythm.
It was a woman screaming in sexual ecstasy. She was being fucked. "One of the women was screaming with excitement by being fucked!" Mandy said incredulously.
This made Mandy even hornier. She listened to the woman's screams and pants. She matched her rubbing of her fingers to the woman's screams. She imagined that it was sam pounding into her from behind.
"Oh Sam, that's it," she whispered in a guttural voice. "Fuck me like that. Stick your huge cock into me."
She imagined him grabbing her hips and her thin body and moving her like a rag doll as he plunged his member into her depths from behind. The screams of the woman camper in the adjacent tent changed pace. It was no shorter and more frequent. She was approaching an orgasm.
Mandy rubbed faster and harder. She concentrated all her energy on her hand as it moved back and forth, and her fingers penetrated her entrance, then rubbing hard against her clit. She was also so close.
Then in a sudden burst, the woman cried out in orgasm. At that very moment, Mandy let go and orgasmed with her.
Her entire body shook. She had never had such an orgasm before. She could not even remove her hand from between her legs but she could tell she was soaking wet.
Many moments passed and she finally rolled over and fell asleep. Her creamy juice leaked all over her cot.
8. Unexpected Rendevouz
Since being a Park Ranger would give her ample time for other activities, she thought she gather data for a thesis..which was about a rare species of weasels, known as the American martens. Since these animals are endangered with only small populations in the northern forests, they inhabit the island. They have large ears for their small size.
She would also capture data on the populations of different species of bats, amphibians, and birds. Perhaps she would be able to discover a correlation. Her idea was to try and spot these and study their habitat. So, today she would begin to explore the island and go on a long hike.
She put together a light backpack. She decided to pack a small lunch with some bread that she stored away from animals. Her backpack was a simple cloth sache. She had placed some food for her lunch in the bag.
It was a warm morning and she would not wear the park uniform. Instead, she had a thin pair of very short spandex shorts and a tank top. In reality, it was quite revealing, but she would be alone on her long hike.
--
The day was extremely hot, even so far north. She walks to through the forest, along a path that is just visible through the thick brush. She had been sweating and came across one of the brooks that opened out to the lake. She followed it. It opened up to a secluded cove.
It would be perfect to stop and relax for a moment between the trees. She started to think about Emily. She would do it.
She pulls off her clothes and stuffs them into her bag. Now she was completely naked except for her Gortex shoes as she walked along the path. The feeling was exhilarating. Her firm breasts felt so free. The thin blond hair that covered her pussy was so light that it seemed non-existent or like a light gauze net. She even thinks about how erotic it would be to get caught.
Her nipples hardened. She imagines them spying on her without her knowing. She put her bag on a rock and walked down about 10 or 20 meters to the water edge. There was a flat rock and she would sit there. She walked along the water.
She imagined the cock was that of the lumberjack. She thought again of Sam and his large broad shoulders.
"Mmm," she moaned as she rubbed it along the outside of her pussy. "Sam, push it in me."
She closed her eyes and slowly moved her fingers along the outside of her lips, occasionally changing the angle of her wrist so that her skinny fingers slightly penetrated her entrance.
For several moments she continued like this. Now she was lost in her imagination and oblivious to all around her. The sound of running water emptying into the lake was soothing.
--
As she was becoming lost in the pleasure she was giving herself, she heard a noise of branches. She was shaken out of her sexual trance.
"Oh no!" she immediately remembered her bag that was now hidden but out of her sight.
She stood and ran towards the bag.
Raccoons had smelled her lunch and tried to open the bag. They were very accustomed to ravaging and foraging food that was not well stowed away. From contact with people at the campsites they had become emboldened and had learned how to open bags.
They heard her approach but they were not going to abandon their catch, especially with such a light bag.
"No!" she said as the large one looked at her quickly, grabbed her bag, and quickly darted away into the thick forest. "Hey, come back here!"
Of course, they were not about to head her pleas even on the outside chance that they understood. She had no choice but to run after them. She was completely naked except for the Gortex shoes. Good thing for those, she thought.
"Mandy, you are so stupid!" she scolded herself as she ran after the fast animals.
Her breast swayed from side to side as she tried to keep up with them. Also, she lost all sense of the direction they were going.
"This is what you wanted! Now you will surely get caught by somebody!"
They darted from here to there. She chased them, at times losing them from sight, only to see them once again, and then she would change her direction and run after them. In the thick vegetation of these northern forests, the branches of the trees scraped against her naked body.
She must have been running for at least 20 minutes after them. She wasn't sure if she was headed north or south, because the forest was unfamiliar to her.
"Oh no!" she shrieked.
She now realized that the raccoons had brought her so far north that they had entered the area of the loggers. She heard the axe striking wood.
"Damn," she cursed to herself. "Now you did it, Mandy! How will you recover your clothes now?"
--
She continued to walk in the direction that she last saw the raccoons run with her bag. She walked slowly because the sound of chopping wood was closer.
All of a sudden, through the brush and trees, she could see a red checkered logging shirt.
"Oh my God," she sighed. "It's Sam."
--
Taken by the lumberjack
She crouched down and hid behind the trees as she watched him. He was alone and splitting wood with his large maul-axe. His body was huge and athletic.
She forgot all about her clothes and ran after the raccoons. Just watching him was turning her on. She imagined those large shoulders smothering her in an embrace and taking her as his. These thoughts made her aroused and she began to rub herself between her legs.
For several moments, she watched him while she masturbated. Just then, however, several bees started flying very close to her and she tried to brush them away. However one landed on her, and involuntarily, she stood up to escape it. In doing so, she stepped on some of the underbrush making noise that Sam notices.
He stopped working and walked towards her and into her eyes.
Suddenly, he looked straight at her while she was only slightly hidden behind a tree. Now, there would be no other option but to reveal herself from behind the brush.
She walked out into a clearing where her naked body was not in clear sight for him to see. They looked into each other's eyes. Neither one of them said a word. They just looked at each other. It was as if this moment was inevitable.
He dropped the axe and walked towards her. He needed no words for what he would do. For what she wanted him to do. They both wanted it. She stood frozen as he walked towards her. Their eyes were locked on each other.
He was now standing only inches from her. They remained silent. Not even greeting one another. This had to happen.
She continued to look into his eyes and then put her hands on his chest. He leaned down and pulled her naked body close to his. She felt his strong arms pull her into his chest. He bent down and kissed her on the lips and his large hands moved up her back and grabbed her breasts roughly.
After the passionate kiss, she unbuttoned his red checkered lumberjack shirt with urgency and pulled it off his shoulders. She cast it on the ground and then he kissed her neck and devoured her mouth and then her mouth as if he were a wild animal. She leaned back and he bent to kiss her breasts. He took the nipples into his mouth.
She broke the embrace and took his hand, and guided him towards a tree, without losing his gaze. She then turned around, put two hands on the trunk, and bent down so that her ass and bare pussy was easily accessible.
He bent down and put his face between her ass cheeks and licked both her soft entrances. As he kissed her moist pussy, his nose rubbed against her anus, and this sent sexual shock waves through her entire body. He was like a mad animal and wanted to live in her raw scent.
She gasped as his tongue flicked back and forth against her engorged clitoris as his large finger penetrated her entrance. Each finger felt like a large cock entering her. She leaned against the tree with one hand as she used her other to rub her small firm breasts dangled in the air from her position.
He spread her legs roughly as if she were a rag doll so that he could fuck her with his tongue. He spread her ass cheeks with his large hands and pushed his face deeper in between her legs. She felt that she was being fucked by a large werewolf. But she wanted him deeper.
"Oh, Sam," she whimpered. "Oh yes."
She never would have let a boyfriend treat her so roughly, but she wanted this man to take her hard. She craved it.
He then grabbed her hips and spun her around. He took her face in both hands and kissed her, devouring her mouth. As he kissed her, she reached down and for the first time felt the large bulge in his pants. Even between his rugged jeans, she knew that his member was large. She suddenly became very afraid of not being able to take him.
But her responses were now automatic reflexes. She reached for his buckle, undid it, and unbuttoned his jeans. She broke from his kiss, pushing back as she kissed down his chest and to his hairy tummy. He released her from the tight grip so that she could kneel down in front of him.
She unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. It was huge and solid. She looked up into his eyes as she quickly flipped the head of his cock in her mouth and between her supple lips. While she took the head, she looked into his deep brown eyes.
He took her head and violently pushed it down onto his member. She tried to take as much in her mouth as possible until it pushed against the entrance to her throat. He continued to push her head down and then moved her head up and down. She grabbed the girth of his cock in her small delicate hands and stroked it as her mouth sucked and licked the tip of his cock.
Her rhythm increased. Up and down. To and fro. He panted as he ran his hand through her cherry blond hair. He then pushed her hands from his cock and grabbed her head again, forcing his cock to enter her throat. She gagged, but with his unyielding force, it entered. Soon, she had swallowed his entire cock and she could feel it move down the length of her esophagus as if it were her love canal. It could be construed as cruel, but she wanted it. She wanted to be treated this way. And he knew it.
Sam pulled his large shirt off and spread it out on the ground. He grabbed her hand and made her lie down on her back. He quickly pulled his pants off and was naked. Then, he kneeled down between her legs and lied down on top of her.
They looked into each other's eyes and kissed.
"Sam. Put it inside me," Mandy whispered with a sexual whimper. "Please."
He directed his enormous cock to her entrance. She lifted her legs and spread them with his body between her as he kissed her on the lips. Then, she felt it penetrate her. He was not gentle, but she was so wet, that even being so large the head slowly entered her. He then used the tremendous force of his large body to pump the rest of it into her. She felt it stretching her insides. She felt more full than she ever had.
His cock moved in and out, first slowly. She looked down between them and she could see her flat tummy bulge as his cock moved within her. It was so large she thought! As his cock moved in and out, she could even make out the shape of his cock from the bulge of her tummy. She grabbed ahold of his neck and he continued to pump his cock inside her pussy, fucking her into oblivion.
She would cum at any time. But he was in control and wanted it to last. He shifted positions and grabbed her body. His strength was such that he flipped her over with one arm to make her kneel on all fours like a dog.
He then positioned his cock between her cheeks and entered her pussy from behind.
he grabbed her hips and pushed her back and forth onto his cock. Each time he entered her, he did it with such force that his cock seemed to go deeper and could emerge from the other side.
She moaned continually from the sexual pleasure.
At one point as he pumped into her, he reached under her and grabbed her breast, squeezing her nipples between his massive fingers. The pain and the pleasure at the same time was a sensation that she never had experienced. She felt that orgasm was approaching.
Now she was the one that wanted it to last.
She stood up, but he grabbed her from behind and she could feel his cock at her entrance again. It was about to enter, but she pushed away and bent down. She wanted to take his manhood in her mouth.
When she took his cock in her mouth, she tasted her own pussy juices mixed with his salty cum. Now she was able to take his cock down her throat and she began to deep throat his cock. She sensed that he would cum. He started to moan. Part of her wanted him to cum down her throat, but she really wanted him to burst inside of her.
She quickly changed her position, making him lie down on top of his shirt. With him on his back, she mounted him and took his cock into her. Now she was in control of the rhythm
as she bounced up and down, grinding her clit against his pelvis bone, and rubbing it with her hand.
He began to rock into her faster and faster. He would cum at any moment. She wanted it.
"Oh Sam, please cum inside me," she pleaded.
All of a sudden, she felt him tense and a sudden jet of warm liquid splash her insides. She rubbed her clit furiously making her have an orgasm at the same moment as he continued to squirt massive amounts of cum into her.
She then collapsed on top of him and lay there for several minutes as she slowly recovered.
She leaned forward and kissed him on the mouth and they smiled.
"Hi," she said grinning.
"Hi."
--
Sam had collected his clothing and was putting on his pants. She had explained why she was naked.
"So you don't know which direction the raccoons went?"
"I kinda had an interruption," she smiled. He understood and smiled back.
--
Mandy thought about the naked girl Emily. Maybe this would be the beginning of a new phase in her life. Maybe she wouldn't be needing clothing anymore on this island. She was sure that Sam wouldn't mind. And, from the previous night -- neither would the campers.
THE END.
or better yet,
TO BE CONTINUED....