AUTHOR'S NOTE: These chapters are written to be read in sequence, to fully understand and enjoy the story -- RUSTY
*
Chapter 6 -- The Party
Friday night Allen packed, kissed his wife goodbye and drove off to catch a plane. Amanda stood at the door, waving as Allen backed out of their driveway, but her thoughts had already turned to Saturday. Her outward appearance projected the dutiful wife, but her mind was racing with the items she wanted and needed to do the next day.
She closed the door after Allen's car turned the corner, and made her way to the kitchen to make a cup of tea. Amanda brought the teacup back into living room, sat down and opened a book. She tried to read, but couldn't concentrate on the words, and finally decided to call it a night.
She could feel her heart flutter as she readied herself for bed. Amanda did not really know what was going to happen the next day, but it could not come fast enough to find out.
She laid her head down on her pillow and closed her eyes. Her mind was filled with images of what she had already done for SA and what she might do tomorrow. Amanda thought she would never get to sleep. She wanted the next day to come and knew it would come faster if she could just go to sleep. Finally, her mind drifted off and she fell into a deep rest.
***** ***** ***** *****
Amanda was surprised to find that it was well after ten when she awoke and finally got out of bed the next morning. It pleased her knowing it was finally Saturday, but she still didn't know how she would fill the rest of her day. Her limo was scheduled to pick her up at nine o'clock sharp and that was still hours off.
The day's light streamed in as she opened the bedroom shades. She went about cleaning the room and making the bed. Afterwards she made herself a late breakfast, which she enjoyed in the sunroom off from the kitchen. She was able to read during the meal. The book was one of her romantic novels that helped to put her in the mood she desired.
Amanda cleaned the kitchen and finished a number of other chores around the house when she noticed that it was well after five in the afternoon. This was the hour she wanted to begin to focus on getting ready. She made her way to the bedroom, found the boxes that had been sent to her at work by SA the previous week and opened them.
She laid the cloak out on the bed along with the mask and the four scarves. Amanda walked into her closet and found the heels she had hidden, and placed them at the foot of the bed. She stepped back, looked at the display and smiled to herself.
Turning, she made her way over to the bathroom and quickly removed her shorts, t-shirt, and sneakers. She tied her hair back into a ponytail and walked over to the tub to turn on the water. Amanda lit a few candles and added her favorite bath oils to the water. She was going to take a long, hot bath and let her body soak in the relaxing water that might last for hours.
Amanda opened the bathroom shade, allowing the sunlight to fill the room. Naked she made her way back to the tub and stepped in. She lowered her body slowly into the water. When the wetness came in contact with her skin, she started to fantasize that it was her 'mystery man' touching her. She lowered herself all the way and let the water cover her body completely, placing her head on a towel to rest on the back of the tub. Closing her eyes, she almost drifted off to sleep, as she let her mind relive some of the stories she had written in her diary. She opened her eyes only to raise her leg and used her toes to add some hot water to the tub every so often.
Her skin felt tingly as she rose out of the water much later. Grabbing a large soft purple towel she dried herself in the sunlight.
Amanda took her time pampering her body, applying powder first, then painting her toenails red, and finally doing her fingernails. She took out a small set of scissors, along with a mirror, and positioned herself over the toilet to trim her bush. She liked the fact that she had not shaved her pussy like so many younger women, or at least this is what she had seen on the internet. Figuring that it would be on display that evening, she wanted her pussy to be under a neat, distinct triangle. She inspected herself in the mirror, and approved of the work. As the mirror moved she saw the blush in her cheeks. She smiled back at the image that was looking at her.
She took her time setting and then combing out her hair. She knew a woman looked very sexy with long, full hair, and she had the long hair to make that happen. It would take some time to get it right as Amanda pulled out each hair roller, and let her hair run its course. Taking a brush, she applied the final touches, pulling the brush through her long, black hair, forcing her mane to frame her shoulders with the fullness that shouted 'sexy'. She stepped back to view her full naked body in the mirror and saw a beautiful, sensual woman.
Amanda studied her reflection in the mirror. She turned slowly; reviewing her five-foot six-inch frame, making sure all was in order. She was pleased that even at her age she was able to maintain a flat tummy, unlike most of her girlfriends. Her legs were long, tan and athletic which especially turned on Allen, when she wore heels. Her butt was round, small, and firm, just enough to turn heads when she was in jeans. But the best part was her breasts. Her nipples became erect whenever they were exposed to the air. She giggled as she walked, knowing this was a turn-on for most men.
Amanda strolled naked out of the bathroom and over to the bed. She sat down on the edge of the bed after picking up the pair of heels. She looked up at the clock and saw that is was fast approaching nine o'clock and realized she had only forty-five minutes to finish before the limo arrived.
She looked down at the heels. Each shoe sported a four inch heel with only a few small straps that would be used to secure them to her feet. Each strap was covered with a row of jewels that sparkled in the late summer light. Amanda noted to herself that SA had good taste in clothing. These designer shoes were very sexy.
She put on both heels and stood up. Walking over to the mirror she viewed her almost completely tanned body. Now she had wished she had sunbathed topless. She looked at the clock; she was running out of time and needed to move faster.
Stepping over to her bureau she opened her favorite scented perfume and applied some to the back of each ear, to the sides of her neck, and to the skin just above her pussy.
Quickly making her way to the bed, she picked up the cloak and slipped in her arms, and then pulled the zipper up the full length of her body to her neck. With a final inspection in the mirror, she found herself completely covered. Only her hands, face, and feet were visible outside the cape.
Looking again at the clock, she walked over to the bed, picked up each scarf, and draped the silk material around her neck, letting each scarf flow down to her knees. Finally she picked up the mask. She would not be putting the mask on for now, that would draw too much attention from the neighborhood when she left the house. She made her way down the stairs to the front of the house.
The doorbell started to ring as she stepped off the last step and moved over to the front door. She opened the door and found a young man, dressed in a tux, wearing a driver's hat, sporting a very large smile as he came into her view. She also noticed his eyes checking her out.
"Ms. Smith, I am your limo driver for the night and I have come to take you to the party," he said as she opened the door and stepped out. "Are you ready to go?"
"Yes." Amanda answered as he raised his hand to take hers and guide her to the waiting limo. She struggled somewhat, trying to walk, in the high heels.So I am Ms. Smith again tonight. Amanda thought as a smirk appeared hidden from his view.
He opened the door and helped her enter the vehicle making sure the long material she was wearing was fully in the limo before closing the door and making his way back to the driver's seat. She was the only one inside the limo that could easily seat ten others.
"Are you ready madam?" He asked as he looked at her in his mirror.
She could only see the back of his head and his eyes in the mirror when she answered. "Yes, very ready."
He put the vehicle in drive and pulled out from the curb. Amanda noted that the setting sun was causing the sky to become purple as it dipped into the west. He pulled out into the traffic and made his way to the interstate.
***** ***** ***** *****
Forty-five minutes later he was turning the long black car off an exit which would take them away from the busy highway. While she hadn't been to this part of the city often, Amanda knew the wealthy lived here, by the large expensive homes. He traveled another fifteen minutes, away from the interstate, making his way back on country roads that had fewer and fewer cars visible as they drove.
Occasionally she would catch his eyes observing her in the mirror and she wondered what he was thinking. She didn't ask and they exchanged no words.
Finally he did speak, "We are almost there, madam, you might want to put your mask on now."
Amanda looked down on the seat, located the mask, raised it and pulled it to her face. Who ever had made the mask, understood the contours of the human face. It fit like a glove and she secured the two ribbons to the back of her head. She could hear the feather rustle in the quiet of the limo as she turned her head. She looked into the tinted window and could see her refection in the glass. Her eyes were very visible through the mask as were her fiery red lips.
"Madam, we have arrived." He said as he brought the limo to a stop and stepped out. He almost ran to the other side of the car to make sure he opened the door and not her. As the door opened she looked up and saw a flight of stone steps that led up to two heavy, dark brown doors. There was a man at the top of the stairs, looking down at her, with his hands clasped in front of him.
She lifted the cloak up and swung her legs out of the limo. She was showing a lot of leg. The material had moved up to her thighs as she struggled to step out. The driver smiled at the amount of skin on display while he helped her out of the car. She took his hand and let go of the material as she came to her feet. Amanda thanked her driver, grabbed and raised both sides of her cape, and started to make her way up the steps while keeping her gaze down to make sure she didn't fall. She floated up the stairs and was at the door in no time. She let go of the material and looked up, and saw that the doorman had already opened the door. He smiled from under his mask and said, "Welcome."
"Thank you." She answered and then let her eyes drift down.
She stepped through the door into a large, well lit hallway where she was greeted by another masked man in a tux. "May I see your invitation madam?" He asked.
Amanda reached into her pocket and pulled out the gold laced invitation and handed it to the man. He took it from her hand and opened it. "Welcome. I see you are one of our honored guests," he said as a very large smile appeared on his face. Handing the invitation back to Amanda and stepping aside, he extended one arm away from the door, gesturing for her to walk in that direction, which she did.
Amanda walked down the hall and found that she now had a choice of where to turn, but she also noticed that the hall was full of many men and women. Some were carrying trays of food or drinks, others were in deep conversation. All were dressed formally in black and white, and all were hidden by masks. She turned to her right and made her way down the hall to finally find a large double door open to her left. She turned and walked into the room.
Amanda found the room full of well dressed people, all facing away from her, apparently looking at something on the other end of the large room. She made her way to the back of the room, until she ran into a young woman dressed in a short black French maid's outfit carrying a tray of glasses filled with red wine. She raised the tray without saying a word. Amanda took one glass and thanked her. The young woman turned and walked away without issuing a sound. Then Amanda realized that the room was extremely quiet as she could hear some grunting in the direction of where she was headed. She made her way slowly through the crowd until she came upon a naked couple, on a couch, making love.
This is what the others were watching and now Amanda was almost on top of them. The woman was completely naked except for her mask, as was the man. She had one knee on the couch with the other leg hanging over the edge as she bent down and supported herself with both arms. Her breasts swayed with their movement, adding to the exotic view. The thin man was behind her and his large erection was easily sliding in and out of her, as he held her hips firmly with both hands. Their pleasure was the only sound that could be heard in the room and both moaned loudly. They clearly enjoyed being watched.
Amanda had not expected to find this, yet it excited her to watch this couple making love and being watched by so many. Amanda raised the glass to her lips and took a sip while leaving her eyes glued to the couple in front of her. She was enjoying the show, not caring where she was, or if there were others in the room.
Suddenly the couple's pace quickened, signaled by the sound of the woman's grunts, and finishing with one loud groan from the man, as he thrust hard into her, holding her firmly, and then relaxing. They both dropped to the couch in exhaustion as a round of applause erupted from the spectators, and the words of 'well done' could be heard from a few.
Amanda turned and made her way out of the room, as the others moved to open a path away from the couple on the couch. She walked out of the room, turned to the left and continued down the hall. It did not take her long to find a second room, full of people, also watching something at the back of the room. This time she made her way to the side of the room.
Amanda walked to the rear of the room and noticed that wall was full of beautiful pieces of art. She turned to her right and could see two white bodies off in the distance. As she moved closer she found two naked female bodies, both hidden behind masks, sitting on the floor rubbing their pussies against the other's body. The room watched. Amanda stopped and became a voyeur with the others. The manner in which these two were going, it appeared that they had been at it for some time. In a very short period, one woman let loose a very noticeable orgasm as she gripped the leg of the other and held tight. She had closed her eyes, and opened her mouth wide to let the sounds of the orgasm escape from her lips. The same naked woman stopped moving and just quivered, letting the orgasm ripple across her body. Amanda had come into the room, just in time to witness her enjoyment.
Amanda was not sure why, but this display excited her. It must have been the total energy in the room, for she placed her glass down on the table and clapped with the others as they showed their appreciation to the couple.
Amanda then realized that this was to be the entertainment at this unusual party. She did not retrieve her glass, but turned and left the room. The mansion was large and she wanted to see what was in the other rooms. As she stepped out into the hallway she was met by four muscular young men who quickly surrounded her.
Each of the four men wore black pants, a mask, but no shirt. Clearly the four had spent some time in a gym that could be seen by the ripples of skin flowing across their flat stomachs and masculine chests. Amanda didn't mind being stopped by these four.
"Madam, would you follow us please?" One asked Amada as he placed one hand lightly on her arm.
Not knowing what else to say, she responded, "Yes."
It was almost like a parade with two men in front of her and two men behind her as they made their way down the hall past three rooms before turning into the forth.
Amanda followed them in and noticed that the room was very dark. It looked to be larger than the other halls with one very strong spotlight staring down at the middle of the room. The five made their way past a number of people, with one young man in front commanding -- "Please let us pass." Amanda followed until the two men in front, stopped, stepped aside and now she could clearly see what the spot light had accented.
In front of her was a small stage with two posts five feet apart with a large ring at the top of each post and two others at the bottom. As Amanda looked beyond the posts, she saw that the center of the room was completely surrounded by people, wearing masks, all facing the stage.
Amanda was absorbing this into her mind when she felt her arms being raised by the two men behind her that had escorted her into the room. They pushed her to the stage and moved her up the few steps. Positioning her at the poles, they turned her around to face the door she had just entered.
One of the other young men walked back to face her while the other two held her firmly in place. He reached up and removed the four scarves that hung round her neck and moved away. He was replaced by the forth young man who reached up and pulled the zipper slowly down her cape until it draped open giving a peak of her nakedness underneath. Once the cloak was fully open, the two at her side pulled the clothing from her arms and let the material slide slowly off her body, floating down to the floor. Her shoulders came into view, then her breasts, her hips and finally her legs. She realized that she was now completely naked in this room. They grabbed each arm and pulled her back between both poles.
All four were working on her as each tied one of four scarves to her wrists and ankles. Then, quickly, they tied the other ends of the scarves to the rings on each pole. They stepped to the side and gazed smiling upon her.
Amanda stood, legs slightly pulled apart, arms extended up and out, firmly held in place by each scarf. She was on display. She looked up and could see the eyes from each mask looking back and suddenly realized that she was the entertainment in this room. She was the one they would watch, naked for the others to enjoy. She remembered the one passage in her diary where she wrote about an episode like this and it excited her to think that her fantasy was becoming reality. She could feel a slight bit of wetness run down the inside of her leg as she stood naked, hidden only by her mask.
Amanda looked out into the dark room and saw four large screen TVs suspended from above, each were showing what at first appeared to be some pornographic movie. But as her eyes focused on one television, she was surprised by what she saw. She saw herself.
In the first screen she could see a woman standing at an open hotel window, very naked and very excited. The pictures must have been taken from the building across from her and now she was seeing what SA much have witnessed that night.
Her eyes moved to the second screen and she was watching a view of a naked woman walking out of a changing booth in a store. She again recognized herself as the woman on the screen. The third screen showed a naked woman walking across a bridge, and the forth screen showed that same woman in a home office as viewed from a webcam. SA must have recorded each of her adventures and now everyone in the room, including herself, were watching what she had done.
Amanda let her eyes drift down and watched a lone man walking in her direction. He was carrying a yellow long stem rose dressed in a tux. His face was almost completely covered by his mask, but she could see the smirk planted on his lips as he approached. Her heart started to flutter. This was her Secret Admirer! She was going to finally meet her SA. She opened her mouth to say something, but she was too nervous and no sounds came out.
SA smiled as their eyes made contact. She smiled back, enjoying the fact that she was on display for him to enjoy.
He did not say a word. He walked up to her and reached out. He let his fingers tickle one nipple and then let his four fingers touch her breast, run down her tummy, over her pussy hair, coming to rest between her legs. He forced two fingers in to find her slit, letting them part her pussy lips and find her opening. He slipped one finger inside her and let her moan. He looked up and smiled. They both realized that she was wet and very excited.
He bent over, placed the rose at her feet, stood up, and walked behind her. She could hear him removing his clothing. She became very excited as she heard the zipper of his pants. It did not take him long to remove his clothing. Soon she felt his hands on her hips, as he stepped up and let his erection come in contact with her ass. He reached up and around to cup both breasts with each hand. He gave each breast a firm squeeze. She moaned with pleasure as he moved his fingers into place to twist each nipple. She didn't care who was watching, she wanted him. She wanted him inside her now.
"Amanda, are your ready for me?" He asked and suddenly her eyes widened and her mouth remained open. This masked man, known to her as SA, was in reality, Allen. She recognized his voice and suddenly could not move.
"Amanda, I know you have wanted this for some time, as have I. This is your fantasy. This is the story you wrote with such excitement, that it excited me to read it. I have wanted to put you on display like this and make love to you, and now I have that chance."
She listened to each word, taking in his explanation quickly, digesting what he said, realizing this is what she had written in her diary, and he must have found the book. Amanda had placed the diary in a location that she hoped Allen would discover. He did come upon it, and read her fantasies. Amanda was pleased. She was hearing him tell her that what she desired, he also desired. Amanda was both pleased and excited to hear that Allen shared her deepest desires.
"Please, Allen, I need for you to take me. I need for you to take me now!" She whispered.
Amanda did not need to repeat herself, he entered her from behind, and moved a hand between her legs, leaving the other at her breast. They started to move as lovers move letting their skin touch. The electricity moved between their bodies. As they moved they could hear a few voices of approval from the crowd, which only added to their excitement. They moved faster as the eyes in the crowd looked back.
They came together, something they had never done before. Each could feel the other's enjoyment, which only added to their mental excitement, letting them cum together for the first time.
They stopped moving. Allen was still hard inside her. She let the scarves hold her up as her legs gave way. His hands had moved to her hips and held her firmly in his grasp and he enjoyed the feeling that had engulfed his body, as she tried to hold him tightly inside her. They remained on display for a long time, as the crowd applauded. The sounds of 'bravo' and 'wonderful' could be heard from behind the masks that were watching.
Allen released her and walked around to face her. He placed two fingers under her chin and gently raised her face to place a kiss on her mouth. Their lips met and he could taste her sweetness as he let his tongue flick into her open, wanting mouth. She returned the kiss to let him know she was pleased.
Allen untied her and picked up the cloak. He helped her dress and to zip the cloak up as the applause continued. He sat her down on the steps to rest as he dressed himself. Turning to her, he held out a hand and raised her to her feet. Taking all four scarves, he draped them around her neck and asked, "Are you ready to go home."
Amanda looked deep into his eyes, smiled and said, "Yes."
*
A special thanks to my editor Trace who read every word, providing numerous suggestions, corrections, and feedback. He helped me create a much better story.