[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
*****
(A short recap from Part-3)
When Joe had finally finished pumping his cum from his dick and into his wife's mouth and onto her face, he leaned forward to stick his cock-head in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the fat head before taking it in her mouth and sucking on it. As she did, several drops of his cum ran off of her chin, dropping onto Holly's face.
She must have seen the drops of goo coming, and she kept her lips closed as she turned her face to catch them on her nose and cheeks.
Astonishingly, I found the sight of my wife's pretty face splattered with another guy's cum hot beyond all logic, and I started to pick up the pace of my jerking off.
As I slid my hand up and down my slick cock, Sandy finished sucking her husband's quickly-wilting cock clean, and he backed away. He focused and zoomed the camera in on Holly's cum splattered face, and I began pounding my dick even faster.
As he filmed, Sandy lowered her face and began lapping her husband's jism from her friend's face.
With sloppy sloshing sounds I began pounding my cum-drenched cock furiously as Sandy lapped and sucked at the ropes of her husband's cum. When she had collected all of the errant jism that she could find, she planted a kiss on my wife's mouth.
As I watched the two women open their mouths and knew that my wife was tasting another guy's cum, my cock erupted again. I hammered away at it, pumping shot after shot of the thick jism up from my balls and all over my hand. It made no sense that I should find the thought of my loving faithful wife tasting somebody else's cum so erotic, but for whatever perverted reason, I sure as hell did!
Suddenly, Lana let out a troubled sounding "Oh, fuck," leapt off the bed, and ran to the bathroom.
As I watched her cute ass, glistening her own pussy juice, disappear around the corner, I called out, "Hey! Are you okay? You want me to pause it? It looks like there's quite a bit left."
Part-4
Lana didn't answer for a moment, but then she said from the bathroom, "No. You go ahead without me. I'll catch the rest when you send me the link."
I shrugged, and turned back to the screen. I was gently sliding my cum slobbered hand up and down my still half-hard cock, trying to keep it awake for whatever was coming next. As the hot cum-swapping kiss between Holly and Sandy faded to black, I heard the toilet flush, and then the shower turn on.
Ironically, when the scene faded back in, Holly and Sandy were in a bathroom. But it wasn't mine and Holly's. It was Sandy and Joe's newly-remodeled master-bath with its oversized, multi-head walk-in shower.
Both Holly and Sandy were completely naked, now, and after Sandy reached in to turn on the water to get it hot, the two women wrapped their arms around each other, and joined their mouths in a hot tongue-sucking, lip-biting kiss.
With their hands firmly gripping one another's asses, they pressed their bodies together, grinding their pussy-mounds, and mashing their naked tits into each other.
After a little while, Sandy put one hand on the top of my wife's head, and cupped her big tit with the other. As she pushed Holly's head down, she lifted her tit up, and said, "Suck on it, sweetie! Suck my fat tit! Pull on my nipple with your teeth! I love when you do that!"
Holly opened her mouth wide and covered the entire dark brown circle of flesh, and then some. Her cheeks then hollowed as she began sucking hard. Sandy let out a contented moan.
As Holly pulled back, stretching the big tit as she went, she parted her lips to reveal her teeth clamped delicately over the stiff little-finger size nipple.
"Oh, yeah, sweetie!" Sandy moaned. "Stretch it out! Pull on it! God, I love how you do that!"
After what seemed like quite a lot of stretching—which was obviously being converted to pleasure in Sandy's fully-aroused brain—Holly let the nub slip from between her teeth. Almost before the big tit had settled back to its natural state against Sandy's chest, Sandy was pushing Holly's face over, and lifting her other tit for equal treatment.
After half a minute of sucking, biting, and stretching, Holly let the big tit drop, and lifted her face back up to Sandy's. She gave her an aggressive kiss, biting her lower lip, and stretching it out as she had her stiff nipples.
When she finally finished the kiss, Holly pulled away, and turned her friend's naked body toward the running shower.
She gave her a hard slap on the ass, and commanded, "Get in there, Missy! It's time you washed all this cum and sweat off me! You've made quite a mess!"
My cock was back to full size and stiffness from just watching the hot kissing and tit sucking, and I was slowly stroking it to get another charge of cum building in my balls. When I saw that my usually-passive wife was going to be the dominant one in this shower scene, I knew I wouldn't have any trouble, at all, blowing another big load for her to see when she watched our video. I was sorry that Lana wasn't here to enjoy it, and to jerk off her cute clamshell pussy for Holly, too.
On the TV, the two women were standing under the rainfall shower, and as the water ran over their faces, Holly was giving Sandy another aggressive kiss. With Sandy's hair gripped in her fists, Holly sucked on her friend's tongue, pulling on it with her teeth. When she let it go, she tilted Sandy's head back, letting the water rain down onto her face.
Holly put a finger in Sandy's mouth and pulled it open, forcing the water pour into it. After watching it fill, Holly clamped her mouth back over Sandy's.
Even as the shower water rained down over them, I could see the collected water gush from between their locked lips, as if sharing a huge mouthful of cum. My dick oozed a big drop of pre-cum at the hot image on the screen. (Or would that still bepost-cumat this point?)
Holly broke the kiss, suddenly, and with her fingers still gripping her friend's wet hair, she pushed her to her knees. As the water rained over both of them, Holly spread her feet, rotated her hips forward, and pushed Sandy's face into her pussy.
With both hands now wound into her best friend's hair, she rocked her head back and forth, mashing her face across her pussy lips.
"Eat my cunt, Missy!" Holly commanded her. "Open your mouth so you can taste my pussy! Stick out your tongue and shove it up my hungry little cunt hole!"
As Holly held her friend's face pressed hard against her pussy, she tilted her own head back, and as the water beat down on her face, she let out a low moan of pleasure that I could hear even over the sound of the shower.
I had to wonder if that pleasure was just from having her pussy eaten, or if it might have been greatly enhanced by her being uncharacteristically dominant. Sandy seemed to be bringing out all sorts of repressed desires in my wife! Again, I'd have to remember to thank her!
Once again, Holly made an abrupt end to what she had Sandy doing, and with her fingers still tingled in her wet hair, she lifted her back to her feet. She gave her a short, open-mouth kiss, and then spun her around, facing the shower wall.
"Bend over!" she told her as she pushed her head forward. "Put your hands against the wall!"
Sandy did as commanded, and Holly stepped back a bit and traced her fingertips over the wonderful round shape of her friend's ass as the water cascaded over it.
She then raised one hand, and brought it down with a hard slap.
The water on her ass and the echo in the shower may have enhanced the sound of that smack, but it was obvious that it was no love-tap.
Sandy jumped and lifted her leg slightly, involuntarily pulling away from the sudden sting. But she let out a low growl that sounded like it came from between clenched teeth, and she quickly had her naked ass right back in the same position.
"Do you want another one of those?" Holly asked as a red handprint appeared on Sandy's right ass cheek.
"Yes!" Sandy almost hollered back.
Holly brought her other hand down on her friend's left ass cheek, with another echoingsmack!
Sandy flinched again, but didn't jump as much as the surprising first time. She hung her head between her outstretched arms, and let out another low growl as she moved her ass back and forth under the falling water. Was she trying to get the hot water to sooth her abused ass cheeks, or did it enhance the sting for her?
With a red handprint now glowing on each of Sandy's gorgeous ass cheeks, Holly stepped back out of view, leaving her friend bent over at the waist with her arms extended and her hands against the shower wall. The water continued to rain down on her, running over her ass, and falling off of her big hanging tits in little streams that poured from her hard nipples.
I gave my stiff cock a couple of hard jerks at the sexy sight of my wife's best friend, naked and spanked, and soaking wet. My cock responded by delivering another squirt of pre-cum to lubricate my hand.
On the TV, Holly reappeared behind Sandy's dripping ass wearing a dildo. But it wasn't a strap-on with its little harness wrapped around her waist and her ass. It was a "plug-in" type, and Holly already had the hooked end inserted into her pussy. As she stepped up behind her friend, she was sliding her hand up and down its length, "jerking off," and no-doubt get a good fucking action going on deep in her own cunt. I noticed that it also had a little "thumb" protruding from it that looked to be grinding right into my wife's clit as she jerked off.
The flesh-colored and realistic looking rubber dick was kind of a hybrid in size. It was about as big around as my cock, and about as long as Joe's. It had a well defined head with a good fire-helmet ridge.
Holly moved in closer, and with her fist wrapped around the fake dick about two inches behind its head, she began rubbing it—forcing it—up and down through Sandy's exposed cunt lips. She pressed the big head against her friend's little asshole, and Joe zoomed in the camera to show the rubber cock-head slowly spreading the tight sphincter.
Just as the fire-helmet head was ready to pop inside the stretched little rosebud, Holly brought her free hand down on Sandy's ass, again. From the sound, I could tell it wasn't as hard of a smack as before, but landing on one of the still-tender spots made Sandy jump, and when she did, Holly poked the dildo's cock-head through the tight little ring of muscle.
"Oh, fuck!" Sandy moaned, and wiggled her ass.
Holly let go of the fake dick, and Joe zoomed out to show the life-like cock connecting our two wives, cunt to ass.
The cock's fat head was plugged securely into Sandy's asshole, and as she wiggled her ass, the other end, hooked deep in Holly's cunt, moved and twisted inside her. Holly gyrated her own hips, getting the rubber dick's little thumb to mash into her clit.
Slowly, Holly began to pull back. As the big cock-head strained to get back out through Sandy's clenched asshole, the hooked end must have been grinding with equal pressure against her g-spot. Both women were rocking their hips and moaning.
Finally, the big dick-head popped free of Sandy's ass, and she let out a deep breath. It was hard to tell if it was a sigh of relief that her tiny asshole was no longer being stretched to its limits or one of disappointment that the pain/pleasure she was enjoying was suddenly gone.
Holly didn't give her much time to think about it, though. Guiding the rubber cock with one hand she stepped forward and speared Sandy's pussy with the fat head, burying at least four inches of the fake dick up her cunt in one quick thrust.
"Oh, yeah, sweetie!" Sandy groaned. "Fuck my cunt! Shove your fat cock up my little cunt hole and fuck the shit out of me!"
"With fucking pleasure!" Holly snarled back at her best friend at the same time that she brought hand down on her other ass cheek, giving it equal time.
Holly then placed both of her hands on Sandy's ass cheeks and began grinding her palms hard against the glowing, red spots. It was not a tender massage, and I had to imagine that Sandy was feeling—probably enjoying—yet a different kind of pain from those tender welts.
As Holly aggravated the already-burning nerve endings on the surface of Sandy's ass, she leaned forward, burying her cock farther and farther up her friend's cunt. It finally bottomed out deep inside Sandy's pussy with a few inches yet to go. I was a little disappointed that I wasn't going to see my wife's hips planted firmly against Sandy's ass with the fake dick completely engulfed by their two cunts, but I think it turned out for the better.
Joe moved in to get a close-up of my wife's cunt with the big rubber cock plugged firmly into it. As he filmed, she was rocking her hips and getting the "thumb" to grind against her clit. Her rocking was also twisting and mashing the fat dick side to side deep inside her friend's cunt.
"Fuck, yeah!" Sandy moaned as the as the hot shower water cascaded over her naked ass and her cock-spread pussy lips.
Leaving just one hand against the wall to support herself, Sandy's other hand appeared at the bottom of the tight shot, and a finger quickly snaked through her pussy lips to start grinding on her own clit.
"Fuck me, sweetie!" Sandy demanded.
At the top corner of the screen I could see Holly's hand lift and come back down on Sandy's ass in a somewhat gentle spank. "What's the magic word, Missy?" Holly said sternly.
"Please!" Sandy all but shouted. "Please fuck my burning cunt with your big, hard cock! Shove that thing up my guts and make me fucking cum! Please, please,pleeaase!"
"Well, since you asked so nicely ..." Holly replied sweetly. With that, she began to draw the long rubber dick from deep inside Sandy's cunt.
With the shot still close on Holly's pussy, I could see the thumb of the dildo pulling away from her clit. But at the same time, I envisioned the hooked end—buried up inside my wife's cunt—pressing against her g-spot.
My guess was supported by a long 'Ooo ..." that emanated from Holly's mouth as she continued the slow dick-extraction from her friend's cunt.
Joe zoomed the picture out in perfect timing so that Holly's pussy and Sandy's ass stayed on the edges of the screen with the ever-extending fake dick coupling them together.
When the dildo's fat head finally appeared and slipped free of Sandy's pussy, I expected Holly to reach down to support it from falling. Instead, the big knob of a head dropped only a few inches, and was supported completely by my wife's cunt. That must have really ground the hook into her g-spot as she let out a sudden, "Oh, wow!"
Again, I expected her to take hold of the big dildo to plug it back into Sandy's pussy, but instead, she rotated her hips enough that she raised the fake dick-head to her friend's cunt hole, and leaned forward to poke it—hands-free—back between the waiting, water-drenched lips.
As Holly pushed the cock back into the depths of her best friend's cunt, she would stop every inch or so, and do a few quick in-and-out fucking motions. I was sure that was to get the dildo to jab her clit and then mash her g-spot, but Sandy seemed to enjoy the progressive insertion, too, as I could see her finger grinding hard at her own clit, and hear her contented moans.
When Holly finally bottomed-out the long dildo again—which seemed to go deeper this time—she did her hip-rotating again, stimulating both of their cunts. It also stimulated my dick, which oozed a few more drops of what seemed to be a never-ending supply of pre-cum.
Holly then began a series of long, deep fucks in and out of Sandy's pussy. Each jab up her cunt and the pull back out was a bit faster and harder than the pervious one, and it seemed to me that Holly was getting the better of the push-pull action as the fake dick alternated between poking her clit and mashing her g-spot.
"Fuck, yeah!" Sandy shouted as she ground her finger hard against her own clit. "I gonna cum, sweetie! Fuck your big cock up my cunt and make me cum!" She then remembered the magic word, and added an emphatic, "Please!"
Holly jammed the big rubber cock up her friend's cunt—going even deeper than it ever had before—and then drew it all the way out.
Rather than jabbing it back in as I expected—and as Sandy likely did too—Holly gripped the dildo with her fist, about two inches behind its big head, and rubbed it aggressively up and down through Sandy's fleshy pussy lips.
At the bottom of the rub, Holly displaced Sandy's finger, and pushed the big rubber head against her clit. After twenty seconds or so of clit grinding, Holly lifted the cock and plugged the fire-helmet knob into her pussy, again.
But she didn't shove the whole cock up her cunt, this time. Instead, she held the fat head just in the entrance to her friend's fuck-hole, keeping the most sensitive zone of her pussy stretched out.
She then began to jerk off the rubber cock, jamming her fist into her friend's splayed pussy lips this each stroke. It was the same "bushwhacker" move that I had used on her the night before I left on this trip!
As Holly began "beating her meat" furiously, slapping hard against Sandy's drenched cunt lips with each beat, Sandy growled, "Oh, my fucking God!"
"You like that, Missy?" Holly snarled. "You like getting your hot cunt smacked like that?"
"Fuck, yeah!" Sandy replied. "Smack my fucking cunt, sweetie! God, that feels awesome!"
As Holly kept up her pussy-slapping jerking off, Joe turned the camera to show a close-up of Holly's cunt.
With each fast push-pull jerk, her end of the dildo continued to alternate—but faster, now—between jabbing the thumb into her clit and mashing the hook into her g-spot.
"Fuck! I'm getting ready to cum, Missy!" Holly announced. "You ready?"
"Yeah!" Sandy replied. "Just keep doing that! Keep slamming my cunt with you fist! Fuck, that feels good!"
As I watched Holly beating her friend's cunt with her fist and jerking off her own pussy with the dildo, I picked up the pace of my own cock-beating, hoping to blow my load at the same time that the women blew theirs.
"Fuuuck!" Sandy hollered, and even above the sound of the shower water, I could hear Holly's cunt-slaps become wetter as Sandy's pussy erupted around the fake cock and over Holly's flying fist.
Seconds later, Holly growled, "Fuck, yeah!" and she pulled hard on the big dildo to get its hook to grind into her g-spot.
As Holly held the rubber dick still, now yanked hard against the inside of her cunt, she had her fist pressed hard against her friend's gushing pussy. As Sandy continued to cum, she wiggled her hips getting her own jerk-off action going against her cunt lips.
At that point,myjerk-off action reached its peak, and my cock throbbed and sent a shot of hot cum a few inches high. I kept beating furiously and pumped several more good squirts of cum up from the balls that I was squeezing with my other hand. As I slowed my full-length strokes, and concentrated on the sensitive spot just behind my cock-head, I marveled at how much jism I had just produced. It was far more than I would have expected for a "second-cumming" so quickly after the first.
When I got my eyes to refocus on the TV, the two women were separating themselves from the big rubber dick, which then hit the shower floor with a splashing thump.
They turned, wrapped their arms around each other, and as the water rained down on them, they shared a hot passionate kiss.
Watching the steamy kiss, and gently stroking my slightly-wilting, cum-slathered dick, I stole a peek at the progress bar under the video, and saw that it was very near the end. That was probably good. I don't think I could have gone another round without a rest.
On the screen, the water slowly stopped flowing over the two women, and they broke their kiss to face the camera.
With a wide wet smile, Holly said, "I really hope you enjoyed our porn video as much as we enjoyed making it. Did you get off more than once? Maybe another hands-free, and then a good old fashioned jerk-off? I wish I could have been there to watch you!"
I had to laugh out loud at that, and said to Lana's laptop camera, "Sometimes wishes come true, baby!"
Holly went on, "I love you, Ted! Hurry up and get your work done so you can get home and you can be part of the action! I'll talk to you in the morning."
Sandy then blew me an air kiss and gave me a wink. "If you'll excuse me, now, Ted," she said, "I have a throbbing cock to go suck. Poor Joe didn't get a chance to jerk off during all that, like you did."
With that the scene faded to black, and the video ended.
"God, that was awesome, baby!" I said looking into Lana's laptop camera. "Thank you, so much! Thankallof you! I hope you enjoyed our little voyeur video, as well. I love you, too, baby!"
I picked up the remote to Lana's computer, and stopped the recording. Then I grabbed the box of tissues from the nightstand, and began sopping up the jism that was all over my dick, my balls, my belly, and my legs. What a wonderfully enjoyable mess I had made!
Just then Lana stepped out of the bathroom—as naked as when she had gone in—but now with her wet hair disheveled from the towel drying she had given it.
Crooking her thumb back into the bathroom, she said, "You mind if I use your comb?"
"Go for it," I said as I wiped up the cum that was running down between my legs to my butt crack. "Mi casa es su casa."
A minute later, she came out, her black hair combed neatly back, but still buck naked.
"You missed some unbelievably hot girl-girl shower-action," I told her as she approached the bed. I lifted my dick out of the way and wiped at the goo on top of my leg, and asked, "So, what caused you to run off?"
"I thought I was going to puke," she replied as she sat back down on the bed in a legs-crossed yoga position with her closed-up clamshell pussy and her small naked tits facing me.
"Something you ate?" I asked.
"Something I saw ... and heard," she replied. "When Joe blew his load in his wife's mouth, I had to close my eyes. But I could still hear you pounding your meat over there. Then, when you started groaning as your dick went off, I thought I was going to toss my cookies. I'm just glad we didn't stop for dinner before doing this."
"You're allergic to sperm?" I offered.
"Almost," she answered. Holding the head of my dick between my fingers and thumb, I stretched out my totally-flaccid penis so I could wipe it down, and she switched subjects, saying, "So you're not the least bit aroused by me sitting here next to you, completely naked? Or is your peter really that worn out?"
As I reached for another tissue to rub the jism out of the wrinkles in my ball-sack, I replied, "A little of both, but more the former. And frankly, I find that a little odd, too, knowing how easily Idoget aroused.
"In all honesty, Lana" I went on, "I find you very attractive and extremely sexy. You have a beautiful face, a marvelously cute little ass, and I love your small tits. Plus, your tiny, super-dark little nipples are a huge added bonus for me!
"Under another set of circumstances," I went on as I lifted my balls, "I would have a rock-hard boner sitting this close to your lovely nakedness. But as it turns out, I have way too much respect for you—and love for my wife—to think about you in a sexual way.
"You're a lesbian, and you're quite obviously happy that way, so I'd never push myself on you. Certainly not in some egotistical male way, believing I couldstraighten you outby showing you how good sexwith the right guycould be."
"And I'm grateful for that!" she said with a little laugh.
"And even if you weren't gay, and I was sitting here with a raging hard-on—which I was—I'd keep the damned thing to myself, because I'd never cheat on Holly."
"Thank you," Lana said with a warm smile. "I appreciate your respect; that means a lot to me." She then added, "You want me to cover up?"
I looked her up and down, fully appreciating her nakedness, and said, "Not really. Like I said, I find you very pleasant to look at." As I dug a tissue into my belly button to try to soak up the little pool of jism in there, I switched subjects back, and said, "You were telling me about being allergic to a guy's cum."
"Oh, yeah. So back when I was still in my late teens," she began as she put her arms behind her and leaned back, displaying her charms evenmorepleasantly, "this neighbor boy and I used to sneak down into his folks' basement, and play doctor. Over time, ouroffice visitsgot to include his putting his finger up my pussy, and me stroking his boner.
"So, this one day, he had given me a prettyin-depthexam," she went on, "spreading my pussy lips and shoving two fingers farther up my hole than I had ever gotten my own."
"He make you cum?" I interrupted.
"No. I didn't even know what a female orgasm was at that time," she answered. "I loved the feeling of finger-fucking my pussy, but I didn't know that there was an ultimate goal to it.
"So, anyway, then it was my turn to examinehim. With his pants and shorts around his ankles, his hard-on stood straight out like a piece of pipe. While I gently felt his balls with one hand, I ran my fingers up and down the smooth skin of his dick with the other. I noticed the pre-cum drooling from the end, and I tightened my grip around his cock to pump more of it out.
"He moaned, and took hold of my hand and started pushing it back and forth faster. 'Jack me off, Lana!' he told me. "Make me squirt my cream! Please!'"
"I'd never seen a guy cum, before, so I really got into it. He showed me how to use the dribbling pre-cum as lube, and I really got my hand flying up and down his cock. After not-very-long, he began to moan and repeat, 'Oh yeah! Oh, yeah!' and I knew he was getting ready to cum.
"He was standing, and I was on my knees, so I got in close to watch his juice spurt from his pee hole. Then, suddenly, he grabbed me by the hair, turned, and shoved his cock in my mouth. I tried to pull away, but he had a good hold on me.
"With his fat cock stuffed way into my mouth, he started moaning—like you had been—and he blew his load. The first shot—which was a big one—went right down my throat. As I struggled to get my mouth off his gushing dick, I managed to get my throat closed, but with his hands gripping my hair, he kept fucking my mouth, determined to drain his balls before letting go.
"His enormous load of cum—I don't know how long he must have been saving it—filled my mouth and was sloshing out around my lips as he face-fucked me, and was drooling down my chin onto my tits. It was so frigging disgusting!
"Finally, he had weakened enough that I was able to pull myself off his dick, and I immediately threw up. I puked my recent lunch of pizza all over him."
"Eww!" I injected as my self-resurrecting dick suddenly stopped inflating.
"Well, that triggeredhimto puke, and his Mexican meal landed right on top of my head and ran down my face."
"Oh, gross!" I groaned. "Okay, now I get it. Sorry about the moaning." I pointed to my half-hard but deflating dick, and added, "And sorry about this. But that was a pretty hot story up until the end there."
"Hey, not your fault on the moaning," she said. With a grin, she added, "I was trying to make it hot to see if I could get a rise out of you, and to give the twist at the end more impact."
"Well played!" I said.
"So, anyway, I couldn't even frig my own pussy after that without getting nauseous. I figured I might as well join a convent, somewhere, 'cause I was sure I was never going to have sex with anyone after that.
"But that fall, I went off to college, and I met Dawn. She had had a pretty bad experience with a guy, too, so we could really commiserate. One thing led to another, and we both discovered the wonders of lesbian sex, and we've never looked back."
"You still with her?" I asked.
"Nope. We stayed together all through college, but then we both moved back home. She married a super-sweet southern girl a couple years ago. I flew back for the wedding."
Done with the major clean-up of my cum, I got up, and gathered the wadded and sticky tissues. "Well, if you'll excuse me, my dear, I think I'll take my turn in the shower," I said. As I dropped the tissues in the little basket, I asked, "You want to grab a bite when I get out?" I quickly added, "Just not pizza or Mexican, though."
She laughed, and said, "Sure. While you're in there, there's something I want to do with our voyeur jerk-off video before you send it to Holly."
When I came out, fifteen minutes later, clean and naked, Lana was still naked, too, and just pushing back from the small desk.
I had to smile to myself at what a very odd relationship the two of us had struck up.
She turned, and at eye-level with my crotch, she looked at my completely-soft pecker, hanging limply over my drooping balls. She then looked up at my face. She chuckled, and said, "You know, for a man you're pretty cool. Most guys, finding me here naked, would be sticking that thing in my face trying toconvertme. I really like you, Ted. I think Holly's just as lucky as you are."
"Thanks, sis," I said, with a little laugh, and bent down and kissed her forehead. "I think you're damned cool, too. I don't know of any other woman who's as pretty and sexy as you are who I could be standing next to while they're bare-ass naked, and not have my dick at full attention ... andwaitingfor attention. I think we're a pair that could beat a full house."
She laughed, and pointing to the laptop screen, she said, "Check out what I did here."
She tapped the Play button, and our jerk-off video started playing. She fast-forwarded through our intro and into where she had stripped and was rubbing her bare pussy, and my stiff dick was sticking out through my fly. When she resumed normal play, I noticed the smaller, "picture-in-picture" in the upper left corner. In it was playing Holly and Sandy's porn video that we had just watched.
"I thought it would make more sense to Holly—and the others, if she cares to share—if they could see what we were reacting to while we were jerking off watching them."
"I love it!" I said. As I watched the different view of Lana fingering her own pussy—which I had thoroughly enjoyed from right beside her—my dick began to stir, again.
Noticing the elongation and the increasing elevation of my pecker, Lana said, "That's the reaction I hopetheyhave, too."
"That's the voyeur in me, sis," I said. "As off-limits as you are, watching you jerk off your cute little clamshell of a pussy is frigging hot!"
She tapped the Close button, and said, "You can get back into that later, if you want; right now, I'm starving."
"Party pooper," I said.
"Give me your Holly-cam link and password," she said. "Put some pants on, and I'll upload this. You should send her an e-mail to make sure she goes to find it."
"Okay if I go commando?" I asked.
"Fine by me," she replied. "You might not want to order clams, though. That might get you thinking about me playing with my pussy, and you'd bringattentionto yourself."
I laughed at the pun, and pulled my pants on, throwing caution to the wind.
Five minutes later, Lana had put on her shorts and top—sans panties and bra—and we were heading out the door to the little all-night café across the street.
Continued in Part-5 ...
Please take a minute to vote and leave me a comment!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey