38 year old Cassie sat up in the middle of her bed, with her tanned legs crossed Indian fashion as she re-read her latest erotic story online.
Clad in only her short white robe and matching panties, she felt her nipples hardening against the satiny material that barely covered her full tits. She found it so exciting to read her story again, seeing her secret fantasies in print.
For as long as she could remember, Cassie always loved to be looked at. She enjoyed being the center of attention and the lustful caress of a man's eyes upon her body.
With strict parents, and marrying straight out of high school this ardent desire of hers had been kept locked away. Until now.
--------------------------------------------------
"Mom! I'm home." the blonde beauty heard her 18 year old son, Jason call out when he slammed the front door shut.
"I'll be out in a minute, honey," Cassie replied, closing the laptop as she scrambled to get off her bed. Quickly, she stopped at her vanity, to give herself a moment to muster her courage up for what she was about to do.
Cassie tied her robe loosely, and turned in the mirror to assure herself that it was indeed very short. Her pink nipples were clearly visible through the white satin and she slipped a hand inside to rub them and make them even bigger.
"It's all just harmless fun" she told herself as she opened the door to her bedroom and walked barefoot down the hall toward the living room of her one story ranch.
Jason was on the sofa with the television on when his mother walked in the room from the hallway behind him.
"Hi baby!" Cassie said to her son, acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary as she walked up beside him to see his reaction.
"How was your day, honey?", she asked her son, waiting for him to look at her.
Jason glanced away from the tv to reply and then looked again his nearly naked mother, and managed to stammer,
"Mu Mu my day is a...", he faltered, the sight of his sexy mother barely clothed robbing him of coherence. Just fragments of thought danced in his mind as lust began pounding through his veins.He noted the heavy fullness of his mom's breasts and the white satin that barely concealed her body.
Cassie saw the lust and desire in her son and felt the vee of her panties become damp from the heat of Jason's eyes. Still pretending that nothing was amiss, she walked toward the kitchen and said, "Well, if you don't want to talk I'll just get supper started."
Jason watched his mother walk away as he fought with sudden urges that he had never experienced before. He just loved the way his mom's hot ass moved under that flimsy robe and just knew he had to see more.
"Wait up, Mom!" he exclaimed, "I'll help you!"
-------------------------------------------
To Be Continued...