Note: Please suspend disbelief for the entirety of this story. I know this isn't how strip clubs, or random unprotected encounters, work, but the fantasy is pretty hot.
It's been years since we've been to a strip club, but I finally talked you into going again. We've had it planned for a while, and I've dressed up for tonight. I'm in a short, black dress that puts all of my cleavage on display and is loose and swishy around my thighs. I have on a pair of boots that have a spiked three inch heel. I'm wearing way more makeup than usual and have my hair down long and loose. I look good and feel even better.
We get to the club and sit in a booth close to the stage. We each get a drink and sip them as we watch the dancers. It's loud and dark and I have a feeling that it's going to be a great night.
The first couple of dancers come out and we enjoy watching the way they move and work the crowd. Neither are particularly the type to draw my attention, but they're still hot. The first is tall, thin, with small, perky tits, and she moves gracefully. The second is small and compact, with defined abs, toned thighs, and an ass for days. Both are obviously attractive, but not quite what I fantasize about.
The third woman to come on stage catches my eye immediately. She's stacked, to put it mildly. She has long, dark brown hair that hangs to mid-back, and gray eyes so big they dominate her gorgeous face.
She comes out in lingerie and sky high heels. Her natural tits are more than a handful, probably about as big as mine, a DD or better. Her waist tapers in hard and flares out to wider hips and a full, round ass that jiggles when she steps. Her skin is smooth and lightly tanned, and it makes the color of her lingerie pop.
She mostly does floor work, using the pole in the middle of the stage sparingly. She crawls on her knees to the end of the stage and puts on quite a show. She takes money in the small straps of her red lace bra. She turns around and does the splits so she can bounce her ass for the audience. She looks obscene and perfect, bouncing on the floor like she's riding a cock and trying her best to make him come in 20 seconds or less.
She lays down and arches her back as she pushes her considerable cleavage together in her bra and shimmies to make them quiver. She unhooks the front clasp and lets go, letting her magnificent tits ease free little by little. When it's completely open, she takes the straps off fully, and cups both bare breasts with each hand.
We seem to make eye contact as she hefts them like they're heavy and toys with each nipple, finally bringing one to her mouth to suck in as much as she can. She gives the other the same treatment, still holding my eye, and I'm uncomfortably wet in my lace, crotchless panties.
I look up and make eye contact with you as she finishes up and walks out of the spotlight. I give you a look, silently asking if you noticed that too, and I tell you that I want her for my lap dance. You look at me with heat in your eyes and tell me you're going after more drinks.
While you're waiting at the bar the dark haired beauty makes her way to the audience. She's walking in the direction of our table, taking her time and talking to customers, until she finally makes it over and stands in front of me.
She's more covered now. I can still see the red straps from her lingerie, but they're peeking out from underneath a black, gauzy cover-up. She leans against the table and looks down at me. She smiles and says it's always nice to have ladies in the crowd. She introduces herself as Wren.
We talk about nothing for a few minutes as she flirts and runs her hand on top of mine in teasing strokes, tracing my wedding band a few times. Her focus shifts to you as you slide a drink my way and sit down beside me. She smiles and says hello to you, then asks if she can dance for me.
We look at each other, I smile and raise an eyebrow in question, you look back to her and say of course. I give you a quick kiss and she holds her hand out for me. I take her hand and follow her to the back.
We walk to the private rooms and she tells me to sit on the only piece of furniture, a plush red couch. There is no door, but she slides the curtain closed behind her and we're alone.
I sit on the middle cushion and put my hands down by my legs. I'm nervous and excited so I try not to fidget too much. Wren smiles as she sashays closer to me. She puts her hand on my shoulder as music starts up. It's loud and has a pulsing beat, I can feel the vibrations through the seat.
She leans down, letting her cover-up gape, so I get a clear view of her cleavage, then eases forward and up, letting the gauzy material that's covering her gently graze my face until she's standing above me again. She turns around and lets her cover-up slide off. She leaves it in a heap on the seat next to me and bends at the waist, putting her ass and barely covered pussy on display directly in front of my face.
She sways to the beat for a few seconds and drops into my lap. She spreads her legs to straddle mine and starts grinding to the song. She reclines until her back is pressed tightly to my chest. She lowers her hands to mine and guides them to rest on her hips. She dances on me and grinds her ass into my lap. As her body rolls, my dress starts riding up a little.
She moves her hands from mine, leaving mine gripping her hips, and runs them slowly over her body. She smooths over her flat stomach and over the swells of her breasts until she gets to the thin bra straps on her shoulders. She works them down until they're loose and slides one hand into the loosened cup.
She plays with herself under the bra for a short time, then moves her hands up to touch the wall behind our heads. She leans her head back to rest on my shoulder and runs her nose along the side of my throat. I let out an involuntary gasp and she presses her lips to my pulse point lightly, lightly enough that it can't even be called a kiss.
I can feel every inch of her body that's pressed tightly to mine like a line of fire. Everywhere she touches feels like I'm overheating. Her breath is hot and ticklish on my throat and I tilt my head to give her more room to tease me. I keep my hands where she put them but the urge to caress her perfect body is hard to ignore.
She slowly drags her hands down the wall, behind my neck, and over my shoulders, lingering on any bare skin she finds. Her hands find mine again and move them down over her spread legs, letting my fingertips graze the soft skin of her inner thighs. She then moves them back up, over her hips, across the tight muscle of her abdomen, and finally over the top of her bra, where she leaves me cupping her over the rough fabric.
She moves her fingers back down to her lower body and presses her palms between her legs into my own. My dress has ridden up considerably and I feel her warm hands on my skin. She teases my bare thighs and I tighten my hands over her bra. I hiss out a breath as she gets close to my throbbing cunt.
She stands then, making my hands leave her chest. She moves her hands down to my knees and bends in front of me again. Wet fabric clings to her pussy and my fingers trail the back of her thighs of their own accord. She straightens and turns to face me.
Wren unclasps her pretty red bra and frees her truly incredible tits. She takes one in each hand and puts them on display for me. She shimmies again and makes them jiggle in front of me, then she licks a long line down her breast to her nipple. She takes it in her mouth briefly and gives it a sharp suck before releasing it.
Her hands leisurely glide down her body until she gets to the tiny red thong, the only thing she still has on except for her heels. She teases the waistband down on each side but ultimately replaces it. She lets her fingers skim over the tiny triangle covering her pussy then puts both hands on my shoulders.
The song changes as she faces me and puts one knee on either side of me. I'm assuming you bought two songs for me since she settles firmly on my lap again.
She moves my hands to her ass and starts rolling her hips into mine. My skirt is riding up even more but I'm too far gone to care now. Wren raises slightly and threads her hands through my hair. She pulls me by my hair and controls my head as she brings her tits to my face.
She buries my nose and mouth in her cleavage and drags my head up and down. She pulls my head back a little and brings her tight nipple to my mouth. I keep my lips sealed but she brushes the tip across them several times.
She releases my hair and presses her ass to my thighs again. She places her hands on either side of my throat and presses her chest to mine. She grinds into me rhythmically and brings her nose inches from my face.
My hands have tightened on her ass and I'm urging her to grind deeper. My dress has ridden so high that I can feel her panties rubbing the fabric of mine. She lets her hands trail from my neck to the exposed part of my chest, then drags just her fingertips over the soft material covering my tits.
She covers my hands with hers again and I think I've gone too far by prompting her to thrust harder. I'm about to apologize when she leans back and leads my hands up her body instead of off of it.
She draws my hands up over her hips, over her toned stomach, and up to her rib cage. She positions my hands so I'm gripping her ribs but the underside of her boobs are resting on my fingers while my thumbs frame the inside of each.
She continues to dance and grind on me as she glides her fingers over mine, then up to pluck at her nipples. I press my luck. I use my thumbs to gently rub the inside of her breasts.
She doesn't push me away, just keeps fondling herself inches from my face. I press it a little more and resituate my palms so they're cradling her tits from the bottom. Wren then throws me for a loop and moves my palms directly over her hard pink nipples.
I can feel them pebbled against my skin. I splay my fingers and grope her tits as she unhurriedly moves one hand back down her abdomen.
She slides her fingers over the triangle of cloth covering her cunt and circles her clit. Since she's pressed firmly on my lap I can feel her fingers bumping my lower belly with each pass. She's lightly tapping my mound with each downstroke and I am about to lose my mind with need.
I shift my hands again and thumb Wren's nipples as I grope and squeeze her bare flesh. My pussy is dripping wet. My panties are soaked and I want nothing more than to feel your cock deep inside of me at this moment.
The song starts winding down and Wren stops toying with her clit. She brings her hands to mine and makes me squeeze her tits hard. She moves my hands back down to her ass and I give her a rough squeeze there too.
She lightly fingers the neckline of my dress, dipping just under the edge of my bra, causing goosebumps to break out over the swells of my breasts. She continues her light touches over my chest and neck, up to my face, then into my hair once again. She brings her nipple to my mouth again and I take the risk of licking it gently.
She moans and presses it closer so I suck it into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around and nibble at the tip. Wren's hands leave my hair and move to my breasts again. She presses against them roughly this time, squeezing them through my dress and bra. I moan against her tight bud and suck harder.
Her fingers deftly pull the top of my dress down, then push one cup down to expose one of my tits. She palms and squeezes it with soft hands. I pull off of her nipple, leaving it wet and hard, then promptly take the other into my mouth.
My hands are gripping her ass and urging her to rock into me. She lifts my chin, causing her nipple to leave my mouth with a pop, and brings her lips to mine. Her mouth is warm and supple and she tastes like vanilla vodka.
She runs her tongue along the seam of my lips and I open for her. I think the song has changed but I'm so lost in the taste of her that it barely registers. I think we're officially past the customer/dancer part of this encounter.
Her tongue slides against mine and I pull her closer, making needy noises that she swallows. I'm groping her tits again with one hand, pulling on her wet nipples, and she is working my other tit free to do the same to me. She unhooks the front clasp of my bra and jerks the neck of my dress down so hard that she might have torn it.
She pulls away from my mouth and looks down at my bare tits with lust in her eyes. She bends and takes one of my nipples into her hot mouth. My head falls back and I moan with pleasure and need.
She sucks hard and I twist one of hers in return. She clamps the hard tip between her teeth and draws it out until it falls from her mouth. She hefts one breast in each hand and pushes them together so she can bury her face in me.
She licks and bites and sucks everywhere she can. She licks a line up my throat and takes my mouth again. She sucks on my lower lip and removes my hand from her ass. She moves it to the front instead. My fingers brush over the soaked material of her tiny red thong and she shivers at the touch.
I've never touched a pussy, or even bare tits, that didn't belong to me before but I'm dying to know what she feels like. The wet cloth clings to every fold and I can almost feel her like I want to.
I hook one finger in the edge and pull it out of the way to reveal her glistening cunt. I take a moment to just look at her most intimate part. It's beautiful. Wet and pink and freshly waxed.
I stroke my thumb over her and feel the slick heat. I let my thumb glide over her clit a few times then bring it down to her soaking wet hole. I push the tip of my thumb inside of her and Wren lets out a low moan. She rocks into me and forces my thumb deeper. I'm hypnotized by the sight.
I start thrusting it in and out of her as she works her hips and leaves wet kisses along my jaw. I catch her lips again and drive my tongue into her eager mouth. We kiss as I fuck her with my thumb and she gropes every part of me that she can reach. She eventually pulls back and leaves my lap.
She stands in front of me again and I watch as she slowly inches her g-string down her long legs. She leaves her heels on, but stands, naked and proud in front of me. She holds her hand down for me and helps me stand on shaky legs.
She wraps her hand around the nape of my neck and pulls me in for another kiss. With her lips on mine she starts working my stretchy dress down my body. Her palms trail down my arms, bringing the top of my dress with them.
Then they move to my now bare waist and inch my dress down my hips and thighs until it drops to the floor around my feet. She pushes my open, useless bra from my shoulders, and fondles my tits with both hands. She leans down to worship them with her mouth again, then works her way down my stomach.
She turns us around and sits on the couch with me standing in front of her. Her tongue drifts over the edge of my panties and her palm makes its way up my inner thigh. I widen my stance and her fingers brush my bare pussy. I feel her smile against my skin as she explores the naked wetness between my legs. I groan and thread my fingers into her long hair.
She slides one finger deep inside of me and my knees buckle at the sensation. She moves her other hand to my ass to keep me upright and fucks me slowly with her finger. Her mouth travels down the fabric covering my mound and finds my clit. She licks and sucks through the damp material and I come apart.
I grip her hair and push her mouth harder against me as she adds another finger inside my clenching cunt. She's fingering me faster and harder now, prolonging my orgasm until I feel like I can't possibly take any more.
I'm crying out and probably being far too loud, but she works me until I'm grinding against her hand and pushing her back into the couch so I can straddle her.
She keeps her fingers inside, even adding one, but keeps her hand still. I sit in her lap and ride her still fingers. She snags a nipple in her mouth as I grind and fuck her hand, fucking myself fast and hard. Her tongue flicks back and forth across the sensitive bud and I come again.
I collapse against her, breathless, and she slowly draws her fingers out of my dripping cunt. She brings them around and pushes all three in my mouth. She tells me quietly, but with an air of command, to suck them clean. I suck them with long licks mixed with rough pulls that hollow my cheeks.
Once she's satisfied that they're clean of my juices she turns us both and lays me down on the couch. She's kneeling between my legs as she works the wet scrap of lace down and off of one foot. She leaves my panties dangling from one boot and spreads my legs wide.
My legs are bent and she puts one up on the back of the couch while the other is hanging off the edge with my foot on the ground. I'm splayed out before her and she takes in every inch.
She strokes the inside of my legs sensually, moving slowly up my body, lingering on the crease where my legs meet my core, caressing my soft, bare mound, the soft skin of my stomach, until she's palming my breasts.
She replaces her hands with her lush lips and works her way back down. She licks, kisses, and sucks down the front of my body, taking care to cover every inch of my tits, sucking them hard enough to leave marks.
When she reaches my pussy she teases me with light licks and nibbles everywhere but where I want them most. She bites my outer lips gently, then my mound, then my legs, licking between each nip. I'm writhing, my hands fisted in her hair, begging her to lick me.
When she finally does, she presses the flat of her tongue to my clit once, then leaves it neglected again. She buries her tongue deep in my hole instead.
She fucks her tongue in and out of me in short, fast thrusts until I'm bucking against her mouth, trying to find pressure for my swollen clit. I keep one hand in her hair and roughly stroke my clit with the other.
My fingers are moving as quickly as her tongue and I come on her face in seconds. Wren licks me through my orgasm, murmuring about how good I taste as she soothes me through the aftershocks. She gives my clit one hard suck as she raises her head and runs the back of her hand over her wet, shiny face.
I'm a writhing, shivering mess as Wren mounts me. She's straddling my pelvis and leaning over to kiss me. It's sloppy, and I can taste myself on her lips and tongue, and I moan into her mouth at the mixture of her sweet taste and my cum.
I can feel the wet heat of her pussy on my mound as she starts rocking into me again. She moans and pulls herself up to sit on me. She's grinding into me, looking for her own climax, when I buck my hips and tell her to stand up.
She looks at me in disbelief, but I massage her breasts, raise myself to kiss her, and ask her again to get up. She does, reluctantly. I stand as well and go around to stand behind her.
I lick her neck and shoulder as I coast my hands over the front of her body. I pinch and twist her nipples, palm her unbelievable tits, and tease the hard nub of her clit. I suck her earlobe and let my teeth scrape it as I urge her to kneel on the couch.
I have her put her hands on the wall, her knees at the very edge of the couch cushion, and her ass out as far as it will go. I have no idea what I'm doing, but I want to give her at least a fraction of the pleasure she's given me tonight.
She's in position and I take my time drinking in the sight. Her head is turned to the side so she can see me, her back is straight, her tits are hanging and still accessible, her ass is out, and her pussy is slick and shiny.
I move in and run my hand down her back. She shivers in the wake, then makes a low sound as I grip her ass cheeks. I spread them wide and get my first taste of pussy.
I lick a long line from her clit to her tight hole. I dip it in and circle it gently. She moans and wiggles her ass, causing my tongue to slide deeper into her cunt and my nose to meet her ass. She groans again and I fuck her with my tongue until she's moaning and writhing.
I lick back down to her clit and draw it into my mouth. I suck gently until she's trying to ride my face. I pull harder and she bucks against me. I take one hand from her ass and drive two fingers into her wetness as I suck her clit.
I'm thrusting slow but deep, sucking the same way, making my mouth and fingers match as I work her. She's cursing and telling me she needs more, so I add a third finger to her greedy cunt.
I thrust harder and I'm rewarded with the wet sounds of her arousal every time I plunge deep. I pick up speed and she chases my fingers with every stroke. She's moving too much to keep my mouth on her clit, so I watch her tits bounce and her pussy grip my fingers as I drag them in and out.
My fingers delve deeper and my thumb finds her clit. She comes hard. I can feel her cunt contract and squeeze as I watch. I keep all three fingers buried as deep as I can as she rides out her orgasm.
As she begins to come down I drag my mouth over her ass cheek, biting and sucking as I work my way down. I remove my fingers and keep her spread wide so I can lick her pussy clean.
I let go of her ass and let my hands roam her body until I get to her soft breasts. I give them each a gentle squeeze and press soft kisses to her legs, back, and ass.
I tug her hip, urging her to relax and take her hands off the wall. She presses her back against me as I fondle her and brings her head around for a kiss. We take a few minutes to touch and caress, then reluctantly get dressed.
I have no idea how long we've been gone but I hope you've managed to keep yourself entertained. Wren kisses me gently as we reach the curtain, then she walks in the opposite direction of our table. I watch her sexy ass sway for a few steps then head back out into the club to find you.
I walk up to the table and you've got a fresh drink, which I think is one of several, and your own stripper in your lap. Her top is off and she's facing you with her bouncy breasts at eye level. Both hands are kept to yourself but she's grinding on you to the music. You look up and I can only imagine what I look like at the moment.
You smile and ask if I had fun. I nod and ask if you're having fun now. You say you are and tell me to sit next to you. I slide in close and your dancer continues to roll and thrust as I take your hand. You bring my hand up to kiss the back of it and I can tell when the scent of Wren registers. Your eyes widen and an eyebrow cocks, but you say nothing.
I watch the dancer move on you and desire coils through me again. I cross my legs to try to put some pressure on my clit and watch the show until the song changes. I slide what few bills I have left into her g-string and thank her for keeping you entertained.
I lean in and kiss you possessively, then whisper that it's time to go. You look at me curiously so I tell you softly that I need to feel you right now, if you don't get me out of here I'm going to be the next one putting on a show while I ride your cock in front of everyone.
You chuckle and say okay as you help me up. We settle the tab and head for the door.
I make it out the door and down the street, as far as the next, hopefully, deserted alley. I pull you behind a storage container and immediately have my mouth on yours and my hand on your cock.
I'm rubbing the hard length over your pants and moaning into your mouth. You pull back and ask why I taste like pussy. Rather than answer, I give you a few strokes and open your fly.
I pull your cock out and turn around. I flip my skirt up over my ass and put my hands to the wall. You run your hand from my knee, up my inner thigh, to the wet mess between my legs. You feel my smooth pussy and grunt at knowing there's nothing between us.
You drive two fingers into me in one rough thrust and tear a moan from me. You step closer to me as you finger me harder and put your other hand on my mouth to keep me quiet. Nothing can quiet the explicit sounds that my wet cunt are making though. I come quickly and you pull your fingers out of me.
You replace the hand over my mouth by pushing your come covered fingers inside. I suck my come from someone's fingers for the second time tonight as you sink into me from behind.
You slide in smoothly and fuck me hard from the first thrust. You're plunging in deep, over and over, making me whimper around your fingers. I can feel myself about to fall over the edge again when you bring your free hand up to my ass.
You spread my cheeks and spit on my asshole, then your fingers, and push one into me. You finger my ass hard, soon adding a second finger, and I come apart on your hand and cock.
I force my ass back and take you as deep as I can while my holes grip you hard enough to trigger your own orgasm. You come hard and push my chest flush against the rough wall. You thrust a few more times as you empty yourself deep inside me.
I rest against the wall as you catch your breath. You gently pull out of me and your cum starts running down my leg. I turn around and laugh a little while I try to clench to keep it inside.
You gather what escaped on your finger and pop it into my mouth. I moan, surprised and excited by the act. I lick it clean then drop to lick your cock clean as well.
You get yourself together and put your softening dick away while I smooth down my skirt and try to do something with what is most definitely sex hair. When we're presentable enough, we leave the alley and head to the main street to call an Uber.
It shows up a few minutes later and I still feel you leaking out of me the whole way to the hotel. On the way, you say you want the details of what happened with my lap dance since I came out looking dazed and flushed.
I tell you I'll go into great detail once we get to the room, even though you probably won't believe me. You tell me you want to know why your wife smells like someone else's pussy, and why there's a hickey peeking out above my bra.
I have no idea how this conversation is going to go, but hopefully it just turns you on as much as telling you is going to turn me on. I'm definitely going to need to be fucked again tonight, preferably in the ass, while you punish my pussy with a dildo.