Edited By: Tangent Joker
Parker felt naked. He had on low rise jeans, and a Nirvana T-shirt, but despite his complete state of dress he felt naked. Worse than feeling so exposed, he felt as though he was about to be scolded. He was standing in the principal's office, butt ass naked and about to be expelled.
Of course, he wasn't in high school about to be expelled. Instead, Parker was standing in the middle of what looked to be a typical office. There were white walls with a few pornographic posters on them. In the center of the room was a huge dark wood lawyerly looking desk which looked out of place amongst the rest of the cheap furniture. There were two houseplants on the desk which looked like they needed a bit of watering. Across from the desk was the door, and two chairs that looked a lot less comfortable than the expensive black office chair on the other side of the intimidating desk.
He shifted his weight from foot to foot ready to be told he could go home. Today was Parker's second day at the studio and, two failed solo sessions later, he was thinking that he didn't have what it took to be in this industry. How difficult was it to masturbate and do it in a visually appealing way? He had committed one of his most private acts on camera twice and knew it wasn't good enough. Parker looked at the one erotic poster. It was of a very skinny redhead being fucked from behind by a set of wide dark hips. The redhead was attractive, but no one compared to his Antonio.
Steven Wells walked through the door, a stupid warm smile on his face. That was it. Parker was just going to tell this guy to fuck off and continue looking for another real job. If Wells had made a mistake in giving him his card then that was his problem. Parker would just demand to be paid for the two solo sessions and then go.
"So," Steven started sitting down at the desk, "Have you squared everything away with payroll?" Steven gestured to the chairs indicating Parker should sit.
Parker nodded "Yeah, they have my information for the checks," Parker said flatly.
"Good, good. Well it seems you aren't very talented when you are by yourself, are you?"
"No," Parker grit his teeth and was happy he was standing. It would make it easier to exit with some form of dignity when Steven told him he wasn't what they were looking for.
"Please sit down. We have a lot to go over and your standing is making me nervous. Now we need to think of a screen name for you. Did you have anything in mind?"
He hadn't been prepared for that. Parker pulled out one of the black office chairs and sat. He was speechless and had almost missed the chair. "I thought, I thought that you were going to fire me."
Steven laughed. "Of course I'm not firing you. I'd like to make you an offer to be one of our exclusives. See, I like to film our boys without condoms and the safest way to do that is to test regularly and to make sure there is a contract that prevents you from engaging in unsafe behavior when it can be avoided."
"I was horrible," Parker said still not trusting that Steven did, in fact, want him to stay. Maybe he hadn't seen the tapes yet.
"Most men can't beat off attractively. It is a skill few possess. I'll pay you for them and keep them for my records. I like the Q&A portion of those tapes, myself. Anyway, you don't need to be talented. I can just have one of my tops do the work and make you look good."
"I'm uhh..." Parker blushed all over. He was sure that even his ears had turned red. "I'm a top."
"Even better, it's the bottoms that really make the scene. Now, do you have a preference in partner type? We don't really have many Hispanic boys, but I think we have a few that are on a scene by scene basis."
Parker thought about that for a little while. He had been honest with Antonio about what he was doing for money but the thought of having to pick a boy to cheat on his lover with just made it feel dirtier. He glanced at the poster with the redhead on it again.
"I mean, he is pretty good looking."
Steven twisted in his desk and smiled as he looked at Joel's face twisted in a moment of pleasure.
"Yeah? His name is Joel and he is a favorite around here." Steven's lips pursed on the side of his mouth as he thought. "Tell you what, why don't we try you with the new guy? If it goes well and you prove you can be a top I'll set you up to do a scene with Joel."
Parker didn't want to tell Steven that he could care less who the bottom was. He was just looking for an answer to his type so that he didn't have to tell Steven Wells the truth. He felt dirty for being here and felt like such a piece of shit for cheating on Antonio for money.
"That's fine."
Steven smiled again, indicating he had gotten his way. Parker wondered if the reason Steven was always smiling so brightly was because he got his way all of the time.
"Good. Now, Parker all we need to do is come up with a name for you. Did you have any in mind?"
Parker shook his head no. He hadn't considered he needed to rename himself.
"Well that is fine. I was going to suggest calling you Peter Parker but you don't really look like the tights wearing type," Steven let his eyes wander over Parker. They rested on the silver lettering on his black T-shirt. "You are a fan of Nirvana?"
"Yeah," Parker pulled the shirt away from his body and looked down at the writing.
"What if we call you Curt Kobain? CK instead of KC."
Parker wrinkled his nose. He thought it was disrespectful to have the porn star name of someone who was no longer living.
"I don't know, isn't that kinda disrespectful?"
"Of course not! We have a few boys who had picked names after their favorite past rock stars. They just alter the lettering a little bit. You look like the young version of him anyway. The name fits. Do you have a better solution?" Steven knew Parker didn't and he was soon smiling again, this time a bit brighter. "That's what I thought," Steven Wells had gotten his way again. He always did.
*******
"We are gonna try and pair you with a more effeminate guy. In the past, we have found it tends to help the 'straight' ones warm up to being on screen with another guy," Ben, one of the other camera guys used air quotes as he talked to the ex-high school football star.
"I am straight," Brian defended.
Ben laughed "Yeah, alright. Well we have a nice little fem lined up for you. So how this works is he is gonna come in as though this is the locker room. He is going to pretend to be some little doe eyed innocent college freshman who is lost. You are the university football star and you are horny. You didn't have time to do your pregame stroke session and so you are all keyed up after the game. You can be as rough as you want, Riley likes it rough and so do the viewers."
Brian nodded in understanding. "Alright. So we are going to the local gym then?"
"Yeah, we rented out their locker room for the scene."
*******
It felt like he was trying to talk through a puddle of mud. Antonio looked down at his French homework, thinking he should have cheated and taken Spanish. It was stupid that he was required to take two years of a foreign language that he would never use.
"Psst."
Antonio looked up, seeing Anna smiling at him. He cocked his head in confusion, wondering what she wanted his attention for. He was surprised when she waved for him to join her.
The library was usually dead on the weekends, so it was strange to see someone from one of his classes. Not to mention it was strange to see another Spanish speaking person on campus at all. He gathered his things from the computer pod and headed over to a small wooden table tucked into one of the curving window walls.
"Are you having troubled with Cheng's homework, too?" she asked, raking her fingers through her long black hair in order to fluff it up a little. If Antonio had been straight like his parents had hoped, Anna would have been the type of girl he would go for. She had a beautiful round face with eyes as dark as his own.
"Yeah, makes me think I should have taken Spanish." He smiled at her. They had never been friends or anything but would smile in acknowledgement when passing each other on campus.
"You too?" She purred in a heavy Mexican accent. It reminded Antonio of his mom's voice.
"Yeah, pensé que estaba solo."
The pair slipped in and out of Spanish easily, and finished their homework in much less time than it would have taken if they had done it alone. It made Antonio feel good to have someone to speak Spanish with, who shared his culture. He wished he hadn't been too shy to talk to her before.
"Where is tu novio?" She asked recalling that Antonio seemed to always have a grungy blonde bodyguard with him. Anna thought they were rather cute, always holding hands when they walked.
"Parker? He is working and I didn't want to be home alone all day. I figured I could get this done and then work on my research paper," Antonio hoped Anna wouldn't ask what Parker did. He wasn't ashamed of Parker giving that creep from the donation center a call, but Parker had asked for him not to tell anyone.
They hadn't really talked about Parker's new employment. Parker had told him he was looking into it, and then that he was doing it. He had given a long speech about how they needed to be stable and it would be worth it soon. Parker had promised it would be meaningless and told Antonio that he would love only him.
There really wasn't any other option than for Antonio to say he was ok with it. Parker took care of things, and he knew what was best. If Parker said this was best than Antonio would believe him.
Thankfully, Anna didn't ask about his employment.
"So you are solo all day?" she asked mixing Spanish with English.
Antonio nodded. "Yeah, until he comes to get me at five."
Anna had to bite her tongue to keep from smiling at Antonio like he was a cute little pomchi puppy. "So, we can go have lunch together." She pulled on Antonio's arm and he reluctantly gathered his things.
"I'll sit with you but I packed a lunch." Antonio knew they didn't have the money to waste on campus food. He pulled a container which contained black beans and rice out of his back pack.
"Come on, I'll treat. I hate sitting by myself and I would feel like a cow eating fast-food if you are eating that."
*******
Parker sat in the on-site living room. Jason had suggested he take one of the other new guys over the arm of the couch. They were going to start the scene playing video games and then Parker was supposed to initiate action.
He couldn't help but to be nervous. Parker had wanted to see who he was filming with today, and had showed Antonio Tar's solo session. The other guy was clearly talented, and much younger.
Tar reminded him of Antonio in an odd way, which only made things worse. He looked so beautiful and innocent. He had the same lost puppy look that Antonio had had the day his parents had kicked him out.
"He isn't bad, I guess," Antonio said moving under Parker's arm. He didn't like the idea of Parker doing some other guy, but he knew Parker's heart wouldn't be in it. He could already see the apprehension in his lover's eyes. "What is his name again?"
"He goes by Tar."
"Like the stuff on the streets? That's a really stupid porn name," Antonio wrinkled his nose watching the slutty male get off on tape.
That had been just last night, and yet it felt like it had been days ago. Parker had emailed the email address he had been given for 'Tar' wanting to talk a little before they started filming. They had agreed to meet up half an hour early in the living room set.
This room was at least a little better than the other ones he had seen the other boys film in. A couch provided a somewhat different array of positions. The floor was covered in boring beige carpet. There was a TV against the wall opposite the couch, and even a houseplant in the corner. It could have been any living room in America, but Parker assumed that was the idea.
He looked at the clock hanging to his left. His filming partner was five minutes later than the time they had agreed on. He heard a bang on the door that made him jump. It sounded like someone had tripped into the closed door. He got up just as a boy in low rise jeans and a Yoshi shirt came in.
"Hey handsome," Tar panted as though he had been running to get to the set. "Sorry, I lost track of time."
Parker nodded. Seeing Tar in a solo session by himself, and having Tar right in front of him was two entirely different things. He tried to introduce himself, but his mouth had gone dry from the nerves. He pulled at his own jeans, wanting to do something with his hands that would distract from the fact that he was shaking. He should just leave, go home to Antonio and forget this whole idea.
"First time?" Tar asked sitting down on the black leather sofa. He wiggled back into it, and then shifted around a bit trying to get comfortable. He was still grinning from ear to ear, and Parker noticed he had a bit of an accent. He hadn't noticed it in the solo film.
Tar's warm demeanor convinced Parker to sit back down. The first scene had to be the hardest. He would get through today and then take Antonio out for dinner with his paycheck. A small splurge that they could afford now thanks to his infidelity. This was for Antonio, Parker reminded himself as he tried to force words from his being.
"Yeah, you?" he asked, hoping unreasonably that Tar was also inexperienced.
"Nah, I'm kinda a slut. Don't worry. I'll help you through it. I mean you are a top so essentially all you have to do is move your hips," Tar sucked on his lower lip and made loud moaning noises as he humped the air and then laughed. "See, easy." He was trying to feel Parker out, and figure out how to help with the nerves.
Parker exhaled and even smiled a little as he settled back into the couch. It occurred to him that Tar was already making him less nervous by being comical about what was about to happen. Of all the ways Tar could have made this better he had managed to read Parker perfectly.
"Yeah, I guess it is pretty easy."
Tar nodded in agreement. "Yeah, the only hard part is you have to um be hard." He glanced towards Parker's groin. "Let me help you a little, alright? You aren't Parker anymore. You are what was it? Curt?"
"Yeah, they think I look like Kurt Cobain."
"Well, Kurt Cobain is single and very, very, horny all the time. When you film, you become someone else. You put on a mask and that person isn't you." Tar didn't want to bring up Parker's boyfriend in case it upset him and killed the mood. He needed a way for Parker to not think of this as cheating.
Parker watched Tar move closer to him, and he decided not to move away. Hell, they were about to be naked and fucking on camera in a few minutes so he may as well let Tar warm him up.
"I just want to make Curt feel good. It's like masturbating with help." Tar kissed Parker's neck and felt a small bit of pride when his filming partner's breath hitched. "I'm so hot right now," Tar whispered against Parker's ear before running the tip of his tongue along the outer crest. "I've been so bad. You are going to have to spank me."
Parker closed his eyes. He had never been into spanking before, but quickly adopted the kink as something his alter ego would enjoy. His breath was becoming shallow as Tar gave little teasing touches. Somehow they had gone from innocent talking to lustful petting.
Sensing Parker was gone, Tar slipped into his lap. He sat straddling his new playmate, facing him. "Curt?" He asked in a breathy whisper.
"Hmm?" It was all Parker could get out. His jeans felt tight and the outline of his cock was being rubbed by Tar's perfect bottom.
Tar's nosed touched noses with Curt, breathing in the warm exhaled breath. He had planned to kiss him, but sensed that kissing was something Parker would want to keep for his lover. He was a little disappointed by the revelation, but didn't allow it to bother him. Instead, he kissed Curt's neck, careful not to leave any marks. He squirmed a little more, giving Curt's now hard cock some more friction.
"Will you touch me?"
Curt nodded and slid his hands up Tar's shirt, eliciting a soft moan from those teasing lips.
Just then, the door unlatched and Jason, flanked by two lackies, entered. "Well, I see you two are comfortable."
Tar pulled back and got off of Curt's lap. He could tell by the devouring eyes of the blonde that he had succeeded in making him comfortable enough. He leaned forward, allowing his jeans to pull over his ass and looked over his shoulder, pleased that his partner was looking. He handed Curt a controller and sat between his legs with Curt still on the couch.
"Filming," Jason announced, knowing that neither participant really had lines. They would just edit it from where it got interesting.
Tar leaned back a little, pressing his head into Curt's lap. He rubbed his chin on the hard rod to keep his new friend in the mood. Now all Curt had to do was come up with some clever way to initiate sex.
He had been told by Jason that Tar liked it rough, and the viewers liked a lot of touching. With Tar's head in his lap, he did what came naturally. He was on autopilot. Curt ran his hands through Tar's dark black hair, noticing it was a lot softer than he thought it would be.
He heard a small groan of encouragement from Tar. "You like that?" he asked, moving to Tar's neck.
"It's cheating. I can't focus on the game." Tar looked up into Curt's eyes. "It's mean to tease."
Curt watched Tar's lips turn into a pout. If he had really been playing a game, his eyes wouldn't have been off the screen so long. Curt reached out, a little unsure and touched those sinful lips, his action was rewarded as Tar opened his mouth and sucked the finger into his mouth.
Curt felt Tar's tongue ensnare his finger. The tongue stud running along the underside of his finger instantly made his mind consider where else that trick would feel good. He watched as Tar sucked the entire finger into his mouth, the breath from his nose unfurling over the back of his hand. His lips parted as a small sound of pleasure escaped him.
He watched as victory flared behind those dark doe eyes. In that instant, Tar's innocence faded and he found himself reflected in those magnetic pools.
Tar moaned somewhere deep in the back of his throat. The vibrations traveled through Curt's finger through his core like an electric spark to his cock. He moaned in appreciation of the promised future sensations.
"Who said I was teasing you?"
The corners of Tar's mouth pulled up into a grin. He pulled off of Curt's cock, moving to a more desirable oral occupation. He abandoned the game completely and kissed Curt's already hard shaft. His skilled fingers made quick work of the button and zipper on Curt's jeans.
Knowing his shoes would get in the way of his pants coming off easily, Curt kicked them off. He lifted his hips so the jeans could come off and he watched his boxers go with them. He grabbed fistfuls of Tar's hair and pulled his face against his cock.
The other twink obliged, and licked Curt's balls. He lapped at the heavy orbs with the broad of his tongue, using his tongue stud to put pressure between them so each could be worshiped as its own entity. He felt fingers in his hair, sending a prickling heat down his spine, and moaned with pleasure.
"Curt, I want to taste you," he purred asking for permission to satisfy his oral fixation.
His hair was tugged harder as he was pulled to the tip of Curt's cock. He eyed it hungrily, a drop of pre-cum already beading up at the slit. Tar's tongue lolled out as he collected the drop on his tongue. He swirled his tongue around the flared out edges of Curt's head, allowing him and Jason's camera to catch a glimpse of his tongue piercing.
He captured the throbbing head with his lips and moved down the entire shaft. Tar used the tip of his tongue to trace each raised vein, encouraging blood to run to the sensitive flesh.
Curt opened his legs further, wanting more of that mouth on him. He almost fell off the couch it felt so good. His legs felt weak.
"Fuck, Tar... fuck." His mouth was now completely open. He didn't think a mouth could feel that good. "Yeah, you suck that fucking cock."
It was more lewd than what Jason was looking for, but the sexual tension in the room was too good to redirect. He let it flow through the two males, and felt his own cock stiffen. Damn that Tar. He had turned the stiff, awkward, Parker into a sex kitten.
Tar took a deep breath and swallowed Curt's entire cock. His nose nestled against Curt's body. He swallowed and gagged, feeling his throat constrict and his stomach revolt in protest of being forced to not empty its contents.
Curt was completely lost to pleasure. "Ffffuck... oh fuck," he panted, forgetting that Tar might need to come up for air. He felt his cock being pulled deeper and deeper into Tar's body each time he swallowed and gagged. He felt protesting hands pushing at his thighs as Tar reminded him that he needed air. Curt instantly let go, and was about to apologize when he noticed the cocky Cheshire grin on Tar's face.
"I need you inside of me," Tar coughed, moving the scene back onto the track of where it was supposed to go.
Curt forcefully gripped Tar's chin, forcing him to look up. Tar was giving him something that Antonio never would. He would never be so forceful with someone he cared about. It just felt too damn good to deny the eroticism of being with someone that didn't matter.
"Take your fuckin' clothes off, slut," he growled, sounding very unlike himself.
Tar jumped up. It had been an entire week since he had had an actual person fucking him. Ever since he came down from Jersey. He had already made sure he was cleaned and opened for his filming partner. He rolled his shirt over his head and thrust his pants and boxers at the floor, allowing his shoes to come off in the tangled mess that was his clothes.
He pulled Curt's naked body against his own, grinding against the larger male's thigh. He wanted to kiss him, but settled for nipping his neck. It was enough to cause Curt to groan, but he was careful not to mark what wasn't his.
"Get your ass over the couch."
Tar kissed Curt's collarbone and moved to where he had been directed. His body was draped over the arm that wasn't obstructed by a side table. He arched his back, showing the ridges of his spine, turning his head over his shoulder to allow Jason to get a shot of his face. He wanted his viewers to know how turned on he really was. His eyes had a doped up quality to them as he followed Curt's movements, before turning to face the other direction.
He whimpered as some cold lube was drizzled between his rounded cheeks. "Fuck me, Curt," he bated.
Curt grabbed his shoulders and pushed into Tar. Despite his alleged whore ways, the twink was surprisingly tight. He felt Tar dip his hips and pushed back, pulling him deeper. He gripped Tar's shoulders and bucked into him, asserting his dominance.
"You like that?" he asked, delivering an open-handed smack to the perfectly sculpted ass.
"Yes, oh yes, harder! Fuck me harder," Tar demanded.
That was all it took. Curt slammed into him, grinding Tar's erection against his own body and the leather couch. He didn't care much for the other's pleasure and just took what he wanted. He was too keyed up to even consider that the other male had needs as well.
This neglect didn't bother Tar. "Harder, fuck yes... yes... yes... right there... fuck" His words slowly disintegrated into moaning gibberish as his prostate was battered against. He knew Curt didn't know what he was doing and so Tar adjusted his hips accordingly. He was going to take pleasure from this as well.
Each thrust drove the pair closer to the edge. Their chorus of moans and panting filled the room, with the occasional slapping sound of their bodies joining or Curt's hand punishing Tar's ass.
Curt managed to drag the thrusting out for a full fifteen minute scene before he spilled his seed deep into Tar. He felt the slender body writhe in pleasure beneath him as his hot cum filled his needy hole.
Curt slumped over Tar, panting, as he slowly came back into his own skin. He knew they needed to wrap this up before guilt set in. He pulled out, and side stepped a bit to allow Jason a shot of Tar's used ass.
Tar reached behind him. He further exposed himself as he pulled his cheeks apart, allowing his audience to appreciate his most intimate parts.
"And scene." Jason said once a good bit of Parker's cum had dripped out of Tar's ass and dripped down his thighs. "You boys can go shower. That was fantastic." Jason hurriedly handed them each a moist towel and a dry towel to clean up so they could walk to the shower without making too much of a mess. The cameramen followed Jason as he walked stiffly out of the filming room.
Tar swiped his finger through his own cum on his chest and pulled it into his mouth. He had been conditioned to enjoy the tangy flavor.
Parker had to fight the urge to not wrinkle his nose in disgust. He didn't want to look down on Tar's odd habits, especially since he had been the one to make this job possible. "Thank you." Parker blushed a little, he felt suddenly very naked in front of what he hoped to be his new friend. "I wouldn't have been able to um..." Parker made a sweeping gesture to the cum covered arm of the couch.
"Don't mention it. I know it helps to be someone else. I think that is why most porn stars have porn names anyway." He shrugged and wiped his ass free of the remaining cum so he could wiggle back into his jeans.
"Yeah, it makes sense. I usually don't do stuff like that. So Tar is your porn name, what is your real name?"
"Hayden, but people have always called me Tar."
"Oh." Parker wasn't sure what to do now. They were both fully clothed again and Tar was just staring at him and smiling. "I um..."
"You wanna go shower and then get a cup of coffee or something? I'm new in town and if you aren't busy I'd like it if we could be friends."
Thankfully, Tar had known just what needed to be said once again. He had saved Parker from looking like a stiff idiot on film, and had now saved him from being a stuttering idiot after filming. He looked at the clock and felt more guilt set in. It was already four, and he needed to leave to go get Antonio from school.
"I'd like to, but I can't. I have to go get my boyfriend from school. Rain check?"
Tar's smiled never faltered, even though his hope at finding a friend had been crushed like a fragile butterfly under the feet of a marching infantry. "Yeah, that's fine." He gave Parker a reassuring smile that everything was fine. "Well you have my email." Tar shrugged and walked out first, heading towards the shower room alone.
*******
Jason slipped into one of the private relief rooms. "Damn it," he growled, sitting down on the plastic covered chair. He was no stranger to Steven's relief rooms, since he often was aroused by what he was filming, but Tar was making his job very difficult. Every time that boy popped into his head, Jason had to slip into a relief room to keep himself professional.
He wouldn't be in here long. His cock was pulsing angrily beneath his black denim pants.
Jason unceremoniously fished his thick cock out of his pants. He couldn't close his hands around the impressive girth, but other than his thickness there wasn't much to stroke. He manipulated the extra skin on his shaft that had not been taken from him at birth, and teased his own sensitive head.
The cameraman's face twisted with pleasure and he grabbed a paper towel, shooting a pungent glob of cum into it. Jason lay there for a moment panting before pulling up his pants and discarding the mess. The next set of boys wouldn't be nearly as pleasurable to film.
*******
Brian had been worried when the site didn't call him back right away. He and Mindy had sent in the application to be a model months ago. He had assumed that they didn't want him. Most of the guys on that site were small and slender. A few of them looked bigger, older, and hairier. Brian didn't fit either of those images. He had been looking into other options when The Twink Next Door called him in.
Apparently, they did need a few muscular looking guys here and there. Now all that was left was to get it up. It had been a problem. Every time he looked at gay porn it was an instant boner kill. He had tried looking at the more feminine guys and that seemed to help a bit. Thankfully, Mindy had gotten him worked up this morning.
Mindy had driven him into Charlotte and wished him luck. This had to work. He had to make a name for himself in gay porn so he could graduate to straight porn. If he could graduate to straight porn, it would open doors for him. This had to go well.
"You'll be filming with Riley today." Jason moved to set up the cameras. He hated filming scenes in this room. The lighting was too harsh, the walls too white, and the space too big. He looked at the blonde haired blue eyed cliché sitting on the weight bench. He was the typical gay for pay guy the site hired on. No one would be watching him anyway.
"If you could just remove your shirt and start benching. Is that too much weight for you, big guy?" He asked with a condescending snort.
Brian shook his head eyeing the two big disks. Usually he added more than that, but with his nerves and possibly having to bench for a long time until the scene got going it was better just to keep the weight manageable.
There was a knock on the door and the cameraman huffed, "Come in, Riley."
Brian watched a small guy in tight black jeans and a purple hoodie enter the room. He was smaller than most of the guys that he had been watching with Mindy. He had to be five feet tall and maybe a hundred pounds soaking wet.
"Hey." Brian felt his nerves peak as a pair of big green eyes looked up at him from under the purple hood.
Full lips pulled back into a smirk. "Hey bitch." He arched a perfectly sculpted dark eyebrow in challenge.
"I'm Brian and not a bitch. I'm guessing you are Riley."
"Ahh you are a pretty and smart bitch." Riley kept his shit eating grin.
"You know it isn't smart to call a guy four times your size a bitch."
"You're gay for pay, I'm here to ensure there aren't any problems." Riley's eyes flickered to Brian's groin. "Looks like it is working."
"Alright. Enough chit chat. Brian start lifting."
Brian took a deep breath. He could do this. Mindy had gotten him worked up before he came here and Riley was a fem begging to be fucked. If he couldn't fuck Riley, then he didn't have any hope at becoming a big enough name in gay porn to break into straight porn. He took a deep breath and moved under the bar, up down, up down, he was comfortable with this.
"Riley, you enter from the left."
The small male removed his over sized purple hoodie. When it was off, the camera was able to capture how truly small he was. His shoulder length chocolate hair fell into his eyes as he drank in Brian's body with eyes that belonged to a more ravenous being.
"You look like you are pretty good at that," Riley commented, walking into the shot. Brian was just his type. He loved the bigger guys, and the enticing way Brian's muscles bulged proved that this straight boy was just his type.
Brian took a deep breath. This was it. He needed to sell it. "You look pretty good yourself."
"You think you could lift me like that?"
Brian rested the bar back in the cradle. "Only one way to find out." He shifted out from under the bar and sat up. "Come here. I'm Blain, by the way."
Riley licked his lips and moved into "Blain's" lap and said, "I'm Ollie."
Brian's heart crashed against his rib cage. This was it. His first time with a guy and it was on camera. Brian wrapped his arms around Riley, taking a handful of the small bottom into each of his hands. Riley certainly felt enough like a girl this way. He was light and dainty. He could do this.
Riley gave a small moan. He leaned forward, his lips grazing Brian's ear as he took it between his teeth. He whispered so the camera couldn't wouldn't capture what he was about to say.
"Come on, bitch. Fuck me like you mean it."
His lips moved from Brian's lip down to his neck.
Small, soft hands traveled up Brian's shirt as full lips went down. It wasn't too difficult for Brian to convince his cock to comply. He pushed the small twink back on his back on the weight bench. The erotic way Riley wiggled was only adding to his arousal.
"Take that shirt off," Brian demanded. He was sometimes forceful with Mindy and drew on that experience.
"Yes, sir." Riley looked up at Brian and felt things he knew he shouldn't feel for a guy that was only ever going to fuck him on film. He couldn't help himself, though. He was crushing on the new top.
His eyes followed Riley's hands as he rolled the shirt over his chest. He could be a flat chested girl, if Brian didn't think about it too hard. A very skinny, flat chested, nipples pierced girl. He covered the smaller body with his own, kissing those wonderfully full lips. "On your knees."
Riley exhaled "Yes, sir." He had been worried Brian would back out. Sometimes they did. Some guys thought that sex was sex, a hole was a hole and a mouth was a mouth but when it came to touching back, it freaked them out too much. Riley slid out from under Brain, sitting back on his knees and looking up at the living ken doll.
Brian looked into Riley's eyes as he undid his pants. This would be easy. Riley had a pretty face. All he had to do was let Riley give him head. He looked up at the ceiling thinking of Mindy. He threaded his fingers through Riley's hair and pulled his face closer to his balls. "Lick them."
"Yes, sir." Riley's small tongue snaked out of his mouth, lapping at Brian's heavy balls. He was hung well enough to make a name for himself in porn. He couldn't help but to wonder what it would feel like to have that huge rod slamming inside of him. If he was lucky, he would soon find out.
The Cameraman had said that he just needed a good cum shot. Maybe he would be lucky enough to have cum dripping out of his ass.
Riley felt a rough jerk. The tension on his scalp sent waves of pleasure over his skin. He knew what Jason wanted and opened his mouth wide as Brian tapped his dick onto Riley's tongue. He didn't know why the straight ones always did that. His mind didn't get a chance to wonder for long.
Brian rammed his cock into Riley's mouth. He had been told to be rough, that Riley was fine with everything and so he took the cameraman at his word. Brian held Riley by his hair and slammed into his mouth. Those full lips wrapped around his cock.
He looked down into Riley's eyes, keeping eye contact. The moans deep in Riley's throat were amazing. Mindy could never take him in that deep. "Fuck yeah baby, you like that don't you?" he growled, fucking Riley's face.
Damn, it looked so good to watch his cock fully disappearing into that angelic face. Riley had such a beautiful girly face. His eyes were watering and his face was changing color as Brian ruthlessly fucked his throat.
"Fuck, baby. You're good at that, my little slut."
He groaned, feeling Riley's throat constrict around his cock as he gagged. He had been too worked up from earlier to last too long. He hoped it didn't matter that he was going to cum. This was, after all, just to prove that he could be in gay porn. "Open your pretty mouth, baby."
Riley felt the cock leave his throat. He knew it would be sore tomorrow, but right now he was too turned on to care. "Yes, sir." He opened his mouth and held out his tongue. His pants had never been removed and he had yet to be touched. This meant it was over.
He felt Brian's cum splash across his face, landing in his mouth and in his hair.
"Perfect, boys. A little short.. but perfect. I'm sure Wells will be happy with this. Welcome to the studio, Brian." He wanted to get out of there so he could go fantasize some more. He did what he was supposed to, filming Riley's face and waiting for him to swallow and lick his lips free of what cum had been volleyed into his mouth. "Good. Well, I'm out if you two don't need anything."
Riley stood up, feeling blood rush to his face. "We will be fine."
Jason nodded, grateful he didn't need to hang around.
*******
"Gotcha" Parker ensnared a freshly showered Antonio.
"Stop! I'm all wet," Antonio squirmed in his lover's arms. It was nice to see Parker smiling again. "What has gotten into you?" He turned, looking into Parker's eyes. He worried, and was good at pretending like he didn't. Parker was having sex with other guys. He promised it didn't mean anything, but Antonio worried anyway.
Parker saw the doubt. He knew it would be there. He felt guilty for it being there. He kissed Antonio, pressing his lips firmly against his lover's. "I love you," He paused, looking into Antonio's eyes, reassuring him. "I only kiss you, and I'll only ever love you."
A tingling sensation flared over the bridge of Antonio's nose. He bit back tears, feeling terrible for doubting Parker. He knew Parker loved him, and was doing this to take care of him. He just worried that one day Parker would fuck someone and not want to come home to second rate sex. He swallowed his doubt and kissed Parker back. "I know, and you would really stop if I asked."
Parker nodded, "Yes, I would really stop if you asked. We would just go back to being very broke."
"I feel like I'm picking money over you."
"You aren't, Antonio. This was my choice. I will do anything to keep our family together, understand?"
Antonio nodded "I know. I just wish it wasn't- "
Parker silenced him with a kiss. "I know, but it is only for a little while. When we graduate, we will look for jobs or move back home with Nana until we pay off the loans and find something. It will be ok. I promise." He stared into Antonio's eyes, making sure and when he was satisfied with the amount of confidence in his lover's eyes he continued, "I have a special surprise for you tonight."
"I like surprises."
Parker smiled again "I know, and I got my first paycheck. We can't go crazy or anything. We still have to be careful but... I want to take you out tonight."
Antonio pushed his hips against Parker, the only thing shielding his modesty was falling to the floor as he kissed his lover with enthusiasm. "A date? A real date? Like not one of our creative free ones?"
"I thought you liked the free ones."
"I did... I do." Antonio hid his face from Parker in the crook of Parker's neck. "I love the free ones, I'm just excited to have a not free one. It's been a while."
Parker tilted Antonio's chin up and kissed him again. He couldn't stop kissing him, it just felt so good to know they were really going to be ok. It was as though a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders. "I know, and hopefully this new job means I can spoil you the way you deserve to be spoiled."
*******
The head had been so-so, clearly Joel's mind was too focused on the rumored new guy. In all honesty he probably wasn't anything special. Dayton just liked to piss people off. He enjoyed knowing he had the power to push buttons.
He left the prima donna seething in the shower room.
"Hey."
Dayton looked up to see who the hell was talking to him. The models usually didn't talk to him, they knew he was an ass and didn't like having their delicate feelings hurt. It had to be a new guy. He was about to say something snide, when he actually looked at the source of the voice. Jason had shown him a picture of Hayden Tar, but the picture didn't do him justice.
As someone who enjoyed both roles in a scene, Dayton found himself suddenly very happy he was willing to be a top. He was perfect.
"Are the um... showers this way?"
Dayton mentally shook himself. He needed to stop drooling and answer. "Yeah, although I would be careful. Dragon boy is in there and he is in a mood. My name is Dayton." Dayton extended a hand to the new guy.
"Tar."
He just had to stop staring long enough to remember the warning. It was difficult, when all Tar's mind could think was what the swan would look like without the towel. He assumed his ass was probably perfectly sculpted, his legs were likely defined without being too thick or thin. It was easy to see why the Swan was in porn. He made Tar feel ugly, something that was no easy feat.
Joel looked into the mirror at the lost puppy who had just wandered in. He didn't know if the boy was new, a one time thing, or just someone of little importance. The face wasn't familiar, but it was intoxicating. His dark hair and doe brown eyes, he would be some competition for roles if he planned to stay. "Hey," he called to the intruder reflected in the mirror. Joel popped his right contact into his eye, having already done the left.
The dark haired boy was brought into clearer focus, and it only made the attraction deepen. With how small he was, Joel knew he had to be a bottom. For the first time in his filming career he was hoping that someone would be his co-star. The intruder was just big enough to be a visually pleasing top for the more slender and elegant Joel.
"You look lost. I'm Joel, what's your name?" He wanted to be topped by this guy, to kiss those full lips and tangle his fingers in the impossibly dark hair as they too pleasure from each other.
Tar's tongue was suddenly dead weight in his mouth. He was actually intimidated, which was a new feeling for the brave twink.
"Hay-Hayden Tar, I go by Tar though."
So this was the boy rumored to be his replacement. In that instant, Tar was drained of all the allure he had just had. He suddenly became something very ugly and dangerous, a reminder that Joel's time at the top of the food chain might really be temporary.
"We should be friends, Hayden, I could help you really become a big star. Maybe show you some pointers. I'm the best in the business." Maybe Tar could be saved. He could convince Tar to do scenes that wouldn't make him competition. He had a different look, the innocent thing. He could likely be talked into doing situational kinks, the daddy thing or the naughty school boy with a teacher. There was no reason to equate the innocent looking twink with himself. Joel was pierced and tattooed, he was the emo boy to be abused. Tar was the poor dumb lamb to be exploited.
Tar didn't sense the calculating reason behind Joel's offer of companionship. It was a friend, the first person to reach out to him since moving to Charlotte. He was about to accept the friendship, damn the warning and damn the experience, when something smacked into his back, pushing him towards Joel.
"Shit. I'm so sorry."
Hayden turned to see a male smaller than himself with cum on his face and webbed in his dark hair. The androgynous male blushed all over his visible body, and looked at Joel the way a mouse eyes a cobra, praying to not be seen and eaten.
"Hey, page ten. You manage to actually be in a half decent scene?" Joel sneered. His offer to Hayden and attempt at being nice were instantly forgotten as he eyed the weakest link of the filming community. Riley, the pretty boy who never managed to be in anything popular enough to get off of the tenth page of most viewed scenes.
Tar watched the small male blush. He didn't understand most of the insult but felt bad for him.
"Hey, it's fine. You didn't bang into me that hard." He looked at Joel, realizing the warning had been true. Joel was every bit the venomous dragon he had been warned about. He didn't like to see anyone get picked on. "And thanks for the offer, but I already have..." He looked at the small male expectantly waiting for a name. He had made his choice, Tar would rather befriend the model that got picked on than the one who had everything handed to him on set.
"Oh, sorry. Riley. My name is Riley." He looked up at the guy he had smacked into. It was the first time someone had stood up for him.
"I already have Riley to help me settle in." Tar draped an arm over Riley's shoulder "I'm Tar. Nice to meet you, Riley." Tar eyed Joel as he shepherded the small twink to one of the showers. No one would be picked on if he had anything to say about it.
Joel's eyes narrowed and he laughed a little "Fine. It's career suicide but fine. See you around... Hayden." Joel dropped his towel and wiggled into some clean jeans and a T-shirt. "See ya around, though you probably won't be here long." Joel left the bathroom, planning to make sure that Hayden wouldn't be here long. How dare Hayden pick a no name's friendship over his.
Joel had both hands on the door, and stopped only for a moment, to look over his shoulder. Hayden threatened everything that made Joel feel secure. He made him feel... strange. Shaking his head Joel stormed out of the bathroom. Hayden Tar would regret this, he would make sure of that.
********************
As always, thank you to my friend and editor Tangent Joker for helping with this series. You have helped me so much with my writing. This series would not be nearly as good without your help.
Thank you all for reading, and the feedback. Your questions and comments are very helpful to me as a writer.