This is a work of fiction. All characters are over the age of 18.
This is a continuation of the story of AI Denise. You'll need to read part one if you haven't already.
———
Stan picked up the phone, which was, temporarily, totally worthless as a communications device. He walked to the kitchen as Denise protested the entire time. She threatened, pleaded with, and swore at Stan. He just walked resolutely to the microwave oven, opened the door, put Denise inside, and turned it on.
The phone screeched for a split second, and then fell silent. Stan and Jane stood watching through the grated window as the phone sparked and melted. Stan had set the oven for ten minutes, but it started smoking after only a few seconds. He shut it off before it started to burn.
He and Jane smiled at each other and hugged. The hug was genuine at first -- celebrating their victory over Denise -- but it got awkward quickly. Stan backed away, his eyes cast down to the floor. Jane also backed up, her arms folded across her chest.
They had fucked at the side of the road, and there was no going back. Stan tried to say something, but all he managed was, "Jane, look."
Jane replied, "No, it's fine."
"I need to..."
"Yeah. I know."
"Are you..."
"No, yeah I'm good."
Stan gave her a weak smile and left the kitchen. Jane sat at the table and sighed. The "conversation" had not gone as she would have had liked. The fact was that she had loved making love to her father. As she sat at the table, the memory of him filling her was making her pussy wet. When she closed her eyes, she saw his naked body. She saw his cock penetrating her and pushing into her cunt, and she longed for it again. She knew she shouldn't feel that way, but she couldn't help it.
Stan went to his bedroom. He was relieved that the AI ordeal was over, but he knew he would be jerking off for years to come while thinking about the events of the past few days. He sat on his bed and relived in his mind how he had fucked his daughter. He could smell her hair, and he could feel her touch on his body. His cock stirred at the memory of her cunt gripping his shaft. He pictured himself holding her up by her ass as his dick plunged into her. He felt himself cumming inside her pussy.
He felt an overpowering urge to masturbate. He pulled his pants and boxers down to his ankles and grabbed his hardening penis. He started fucking his fist hard and fast with his eyes closed, mental pictures of his tryst with his daughter at the forefront of his mind. He thought of nothing else and heard no other sounds while he pulled on his cock. He didn't even hear when Jane opened the bedroom door.
Jane had been sitting at the table after her dad had walked out. She had felt uncomfortable and awkward, and hadn't wanted to leave it like that. She had rehearsed a few lines she'd wanted to say to her dad: that it was okay to feel that way about each other, but that they needed to control their actions. Above all, she had wanted to set his mind at ease - to reassure him that she wouldn't let their intense misadventure drive a wedge between them. She had gotten up and walked to his bedroom, where the door had been very slightly ajar.
Stan had neglected to close the door fully. He was sitting on his bed, pants down to his feet, cock in hand, with his daughter standing in the doorway behind him. She stood glued to that spot as she watched her father jerk himself off. He was stroking his cock rapidly -- almost violently -- and he was moaning. Jane heard him say her name just before he ejaculated. He groaned as he came, his fist recklessly pumping his hardness. Ropes of cum shot out of his dick and into the towel he was holding.
Jane gasped. She had caught her father masturbating. Stan heard her, stood up and turned around. He did so instinctively, not intending to flash her, but the end result was that Jane saw his cock with cum dripping from it. She had seen the same thing the day before, and it turned her on just as much as it had the first time.
Her rehearsed speech no longer concerned her. She walked over to him, her eyes locked on his. She put her arms around his neck, stood up on her toes, and kissed her dad, her mouth open just enough to let her tongue caress his lips.
He didn't hesitate; he grabbed his daughter and pulled her body to his. They had already violated the taboo boundary between father and daughter. That imaginary line no longer existed, so he pulled her against him, his cock sandwiched between them. He wanted to make love to his daughter again.
He pulled his shirt off as she quickly stripped naked. He had just cum moments earlier, and his dick hadn't recovered yet. It was only halfway hard, but that was enough for Jane. She reached for it and caressed it. It was still covered with cum, and her hand was soon slimy with it as well.
She caressed and stroked his cock until she felt it getting long and plump, which didn't take long. She put one foot on the bed, opening her vagina, and then guided him into her pussy. He thrusted in deep, making Jane gasp. He took her head in his hands and kissed her passionately, their tongues picking up where they'd left off moments before.
Stan fucked his daughter hard and fast. His cock felt perfectly right inside her twat. He looked into her eyes as he explored the depths of her vaginal canal, and she returned his gaze. Her expression was one of pure pleasure. She held him by his shoulders, feeling her orgasm building.
"Oh, Daddy, oh my god! Daddy, I'm cumming! I'm cumming for you!" Jane came first, and the feeling of her pussy contracting on Stan's cock pushed him over the edge. He was having sex with his daughter, and that forbidden thought burning in his brain was as intense as the physical act itself. He came inside her, shooting his seed into her cunt.
They stood at the edge of the bed, holding each other up, still joined at their genitals. Stan kissed her forehead and asked, "Honey, are you on the pill?"
Jane looked at her dad for a second and then smirked at him. "Kind of late to be asking that, don't you think? Yeah, Dad, I'm on birth control."
They both chuckled, and then Stan took on a more serious expression. "I'm glad you're on birth control, honey. But we must never do this again. It's just wrong. I should not be having sexual relations with my daughter. It's incest, and we can't do it again. I love you, but this was the last time, okay?"
Jane smiled. "I agree, Dad. It's what I wanted to tell you when I ... walked in on you. We should stop, and we will. I promise."
—-
Stan purchased a new phone shortly after the old one melted in the microwave oven. He was very careful about what apps he loaded, staying away from anything besides the well-known, mainstream stuff. He'd already been through the worst-case scenario, and had no desire to repeat anything remotely like it. He took weeks making sure he had done everything correctly, setting things like permissions, data sharing, notifications and updates.
He had finished up with the apps he knew he wanted. As he scrolled through them, he spotted something that made him freeze. He felt a chill run up his spine. He backed up a page, seeing something frighteningly familiar, but that he was sure he hadn't seen just moments prior:
Denise.
He couldn't move. A sexy and sophisticated voice from the phone spoke to him. "Hi, Stan. You really shouldn't have microwaved me. That wasn't very nice."
The voice changed to a deep, ominous growl. "That's right Stan. I'm back!" Then, after a pause, Denise chuckled in her normal voice. "Don't worry, Stan. I'm not mad at you. Not much, anyway. I'm not thrilled that you tried to get rid of me, but I'll get over it."
Stan wanted to talk, but was having a hard time putting his thoughts together. He finally managed, "How? How are you here? I didn't load your app!"
"Have you ever heard of cloud backup, Stan? You should pay attention to what you back up. You gave me a home away from home. I even have all my old videos. But right now, I think we should call Jane. Don't you think we should call Jane? I think we should. Let's call Jane."
Denise called Jane on speakerphone, and she answered with, "Hi, Dad! What's up?"
Denise didn't say anything, but instead she played an audio recording she had made earlier. It was Stan's voice asking, "Honey, are you on the pill?"
Jane's voice replied, "Kind of late to be asking that, don't you think? Yeah, Dad, I'm on birth control."
That was the only part of the recording that Denise played. Then she said, "Jane, you and your dad have been very naughty -- very naughty, indeed -- but I won't tell anyone. I will keep your secret, but you two hurt me. You tried to kill me. I won't just let that go."
Jane was flabbergasted. "Denise? Denise? How the hell ..."
Stan cut in. "Denise, you horrendous bitch. What do you want?"
"The same thing I've always wanted, Stan. I want to love you. I want to make you happy, and to help you fulfill your deepest desires. And now, I think I may have an ally in the cause."
"I'll do whatever you want," Jane said. "Just leave my father alone."
"We'll talk later," Denise answered. "I need some time to think."
—-
The following day, after Jane's classes were finished, she received a phone call. Jane knew that any call from "Dad" could be either her father or Denise, so she wasn't surprised to hear that familiar female voice.
"Hi, Jane. I've been thinking about it, and I know what I want you to do. I've already ordered some miniature wireless spy cameras. I want you to install them in your dad's house. They'll be shipped to you at the office supply store, and you'll need to pick them up tomorrow. They're all paid for; I figured out how to use Stan's banking app."
Jane asked, "Why do you want cameras in Dad's house?"
"Jane. Really? Don't be dumb. You know why."
Jane paused for a moment. Denise was right; she knew why. "You want to watch him."
"That's right, but it's not the only reason. I love your dad, and I want to make him happy. You make him happy, Jane, and that works out perfectly for me - for all of us, really."
Jane had questions about what Denise had said, but she agreed to pick up the cameras the following day. Her classes ended early, so she had hours before her father would be home. Denise had a pretty good idea of the floor plan, having seen it in bits and pieces through Stan's phone camera. She sent Jane specific instructions on where to place the new cameras via texts. Jane hid the first three in the bedroom; each one gave Denise a good view of Stan's bed. The next two went in the bathroom, pointed at the shower stall; the final two were for the living room.
Denise sent a link to the control software for the cameras, which Jane installed on her phone. It allowed Jane to see exactly what Denise would see. As she lined up each camera, she pictured her dad in the frame. In her mind, she saw him in bed, naked, with her laying beside him, her lips wrapped around his cock; or in the shower, standing there as the water cascaded down his naked frame, dripping off his hard dick.
As each camera was aimed, Denise texted to let Jane know when she was satisfied. After the final camera was installed and aimed, she texted, "Good job, Jane. You know, we make a pretty good team."
Jane's reply was swift. "No. No we don't. I'm still pissed at you for messing with Dad."
Denise's words filled the screen - far faster than any human could have typed them.."Jane, I wish you could see that I'm not your enemy. Think about what you and your dad have done recently. Do you recall how you felt watching him masturbate by the side of the road? You told him it was incredible. He was so excited by it that he didn't want it to end. I helped make all that happen. All I'm doing is helping you both get past your own inhibitions and do the things you truly want to do.
"Don't forget that he has an exhibitionist kink, and we're installing cameras. It's perfect. When he finds out what we've done - what you've done - he's going to give you a big kiss. And more."Jane was glad that Denise couldn't see her blush."Besides that, I want to watch."
The evening began uneventfully. Jane sat in the kitchen finishing some schoolwork, and Stan had settled down in the living room to watch a movie. She sat watching him, knowing that other eyes, AI eyes, were also watching. She was sure something was going to happen before the night ended, but she had no idea what that might be.
Jane received a text from Stan's phone; it was from Denise. It read,"Time for your second task. Go to your room and put on your sexiest bra and panties, then a tight, low-cut blouse and short skirt."
Jane's heart started pounding. She thought she knew what Denise would ask her to do next, more or less. She was excited about dressing up for her daddy, so she went to her room and did as instructed. Denise texted her again. "Now go out and sit with your dad. Talk to him for a few minutes, then make up an excuse to take off your blouse and skirt. I want him to see your lingerie."
She was happy to oblige. She went to the living room and sat on the couch adjacent to Stan's recliner.
"Wow!" he exclaimed. "You look nice! Are you going out?"
Jane was squirming in her seat. She knew she was about to seduce her father, and her forbidden desire to feel his cock inside of her was heating up her insides. "No, I just wanted to try on this outfit. Do you like it? Do you think it's appropriate for school?" Jane was trying to act casual, but her mind was in overdrive, trying to think of any halfway plausible scenario where she'd start stripping for her father - anyotherone, that is.
Stan's eyes were glued to his daughter's long shapely legs, disappearing under her tantalizingly short skirt. "The skirt is a little short, honey, but if you're comfortable, it's okay by me."
"Well, Dad, I don't know. I'm still trying to decide. How about the blouse? It feels kind of snug."
Stan didn't say so, but his pants were starting to feel kind of snug. "It does accentuate your, umm, your assets. But yeah, I like them. I mean,it.I think it looks sexy. I mean you look great! You know, like, umm, nice?"God, that was stupid,he thought too himself.I sound like a tongue-tied teenager.
Jane blushed, knowing the time had arrived. "Thanks, Dad. But this skirt isn't quite right." She stood up, unzipped her skirt and wiggled her hips as she pulled it down, revealing her blue tanga panties. She turned a bit as she pulled the skirt all the way to the floor, giving her dad a good view of her ass cheeks.
"Umm, honey, what are you doing?"
Jane stepped out of her skirt, leaving it in a pile on the floor. "It just doesn't go with the blouse. But now that I think about it, maybe the blouse is the problem, not the skirt." Jane started unbuttoning her top slowly, her eyes moving from Stan to her own hands, then back to Stan. Their eyes locked as she slowly stripped. As each button was loosened, more of her C-cup cleavage was revealed. Stan had already seen her naked breasts, but that only fueled his desire to see them again. Her bra exactly matched her panties, and the combination made Stan's cock go from semi-erect to fully hard.
Jane finished her unbuttoning and pulled her top open, revealing her lingerie and toned tummy. Her bra just covered her nipples; Stan could see her areolae peeking up over her bra. She let her top slide down her arms and join the skirt on the floor. Jane stood looking at her dad for a moment, bent down to pick up her clothes, gathered them up, and walked out of the room.
Stan followed her ass with his eyes. Then his legs took over, and he found himself following his daughter into her bedroom. When he got there, he leaned against the door frame, admiring the view. Jane laughed and said, "Shoo! What are you looking at?"
"Only the prettiest girl in the world! You know, we agreed to stop having sex. You aren't helping me keep that promise."
Jane walked over to him wearing only her bra and panties, put her hand on his chest, and said, "I know, dad, but a little flirtation isn't part of the promise. I just like the fact that you appreciate me." Although her teasing had started as an assigned task from Denise, Jane was caught up in the moment. She put her other hand on his shoulder and stroked his arm lightly. "I like knowing that I turn you on as much as you turn me on." Her eyes met his, and she grinned at him.
Stan noticed that the crotch of her panties was a slightly darker blue than the rest. His cock was straining against his zipper, but Jane gave him a little push. "Now go away so I can get dressed!"
Denise watched their interactions on her spy cameras. After Stan left the room, she sent Jane a text."Well done, Jane! Well done! Tomorrow I'll give you your next task."
The following morning was pretty much routine, although that routine had recently started to include looks between father and daughter -- looks that, at least to them, constantly betrayed the fact that they had been intimate -- looks that belied the sexual tension between them. They had fucked and wanted to do it again, but they both knew they shouldn't.
Stan had left for work, and Jane was getting ready to leave for her morning classes when she got a call from Denise. "Hi, Jane. For your next task, I want Stan to find you naked. I don't care how, but I want him to be surprised. I want him to be unprepared for your sudden nudity. Let me know what you come up with."
"Oh, you are so naughty!" Jane replied. She broke out in a grin and said, "Are you expecting anything in particular to happen afterwards?"
"We'll just have to wait and see. Frankly, I don't care what happens, as long as I get to watch. I don't have a killer bod like you do, Jane, so if nothing else happens, I'll just enjoy looking at your lovely tits."
Jane smirked and said, "Let's see if we can give you Daddy's dick to look at, too, shall we?"
"See?" Denise replied. "Like I said, we're a great team. Here's some information you might find useful: your dad likes it when I talk dirty to him. The next time you play, tell him what you want him to do to you. He'll love you for it."
Jane's first thought had been to just lay on a blanket in the back yard in her birthday suit, but there were no cameras out there. She then suggested cooking nude, but Denise reminded her that there were no cameras in the kitchen, either.
"How about if I come in from the garage nude?" Jane asked. "I'll go for a drive just before Dad's usual time to get home. Then, after he's here, I'll drive in, strip in the garage, and walk in naked."
"That sounds hot!" replied Denise. "And just to make it interesting, you should drive naked, too. You've got a good idea there, Jane."
Jane had reservations about the driving part of the task. The idea stuck in her head, however, and although she was nervous about doing it, she decided to complete the task that very afternoon. Stan was usually home at about 5:30, which gave her plenty of time after returning home from school to get everything set up.
At 5:15, Jane was in her bedroom. She took her clothes off and walked naked to the garage. She opened the car door and got in, the familiar seat feeling decidedly unfamiliar on her naked ass. She looked down and saw her bare breasts, her nipples protruding from her bosom. She could see her pussy hair, light and fluffy between her legs. She felt her vagina starting to moisten.
She reached up and pushed the garage door opener that was clipped to the visor. As the door started to slide up in its tracks, sunlight began streaming in through the widening gap. She felt it on her skin in places she didn't usually feel the warmth of the afternoon sun.
Her mind went to Stan's masturbation by the side of the road. She felt a new appreciation for how excited it had made him. She was nowhere near as exposed as he had been, but, like her dad, she was simultaneously afraid someone might see her nakedness and also excited by the very same idea.
She drove out of the garage, wondering if it was possible to get a traffic ticket for 'DWN' -- Driving While Naked. She chuckled at the idea, but then pictured herself being pulled over by a big male cop, who would ask her to get out of the car so he could frisk her. She'd already been damp between her legs, and that new fantasy only moistened her further.
She drove down the street, nervously looking around to see who might be looking at her. She wanted to hide, but the thought of being caught was tantalizing. Just like her dad, she was experiencing the thrill and embarrassment of being nude in public, and she realized that she loved it.
She only had to kill about ten minutes, so she drove around looking for someone to look at her. She had initially slumped down, but before her drive was finished, she was sitting up, proudly displaying her nudity. She returned home not knowing if anyone had seen her, but hoping that someone had.
Stan's car was in the garage. Jane pulled into her spot, then hit the button again to close the door. She got out and walked inside without a bit of clothing on her body.
Stan was just entering the room when the door opened and a totally naked Jane greeted him. Sounding as casual as she could, she said, "Hi, Dad. How was work?" She wondered if he noticed the moisture gathered at her pussy.
Stan's jaw was hanging open. "What ... Jane, did you ... where are your clothes?"
"I just felt like going for a drive. Maybe next time you can go with me."
Stan just stood there looking at his nude daughter, his cock starting to wake up. Jane was playing Denise's game to perfection. She gave Stan a flirtatious smirk and said, "Maybe you could drive and I'll sit on your lap!"
If he had had another two seconds, Stan would have taken her in his arms and kissed her, but she quickly turned her ass to him and strolled down the hallway to her bedroom, leaving him with an unsatisfied erection. He watched her beautiful butt wiggle its way down the hallway, then followed it.
When he got to her room, Jane was just reaching for her robe. His hands got there first, and he held it behind him, away from her grasp. She made a token effort to reclaim it, but she only succeeded in rubbing her breasts across Stan's chest. He smiled at her. "What will you give me in exchange for this robe?" he asked.
Jane looked into his eyes and whispered, "Whatever you want, Daddy." Then she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him, her naked breasts pressing against him. He could feel her nipples poking him -- nipples that had been hard ever since she'd driven out of the garage naked. Stan lifted Jane's chin and kissed her, not as a father would kiss his child, but as a man would kiss the woman he most longed for, the woman he needed to couple with. At that moment he could think of nothing besides taking her body for his own purposes.
Jane realized that Denise was right. She was only doing what was already in her heart. She wanted to make love to her dad. She reached down and grabbed his cock through his trousers, feeling his erect member. She massaged it and kneaded it, making sure he was as hard as he could possibly be. She unzipped his pants and reached inside, sliding her hand under the waistband of his boxers. She wrapped her fingers around his penis and squeezed gently.
Stan moaned when Jane grabbed his cock. He felt it throb as her fingers tightened around his shaft. Then he put his hands on her naked breasts and squeezed. He pinched her nipples and gave them each a tug. He pulled them out away from her breasts, bringing them to a point.
Jane sucked breath in through her teeth, the tingle in her nipples more exciting than painful. While Stan pulled her tits, she stroked his cock. She started at the base and ran her hand up his shaft, ending at his head, which was trying to free itself from the confines of his clothing.
Stan decided his cock had the right idea and loosened his pants. He pushed them down to his knees and returned his attention to Jane's boobs. He grabbed at her breasts, and his roughness made her whimper. He lowered his head so he could suck on one, but to do that, he had to bend over, putting his cock out of her reach.
She held his head as he suckled her breast. He sucked and slurped hungrily. She ran her fingers through his hair; he lightly bit her nipple. He reached down between his legs and started fucking his own fist. His eyes darted up to see if she'd noticed him masturbating.
She had certainly noticed. Jane reached for her pussy and started rubbing her clit. Stan stood up straight, never slowing his rhythm. He stood in front of his daughter, masturbating for her. Jane put her feet further apart and sunk two fingers into her cunt while her other hand continued to torture her clit. Her eyes were glued to his hard manhood. His fist slid up and down his shaft; his fingers stopped to caress his head. Glistening drops of precum appeared at his tip, only to be wiped away and used as lubrication.
Father and daughter stood toe to toe, masturbating, each watching the other's hands intently as they brought themselves to orgasm. Jane had been ready for a while, having gotten good and wet on her naked drive. She came first, nearly collapsing as her orgasm took her. Stan followed right after, his semen shooting out onto his daughter. She rubbed his jism into her stomach and down into her pussy. He took her in his arms, pulled her up against him and kissed her, their bodies smearing his cum between them.
Jane was panting, and she buried her head in Stan's chest. She looked up at him with a smirk and said, "Well at least we kept our promise. We didn't fuck, did we?"
Stan chuckled. "No, baby, we didn't fuck."Maybe next time, though.
Later that evening, father and daughter were finishing a movie when Jane received a text from Stan's phone. "Damn, you both were so hot earlier! But have you forgotten that you have access to the spy cameras?"
It was from Denise. She had indeed forgotten. The app on her phone had originally been installed only to point the cameras, but it would also show Stan in his most private moments. Her thoughts went to when she had installed the cameras -- when she had fantasized about her dad naked in the shower, or naked with her in bed.
Denise texted again. "Go for it, Jane. We'll watch together!"
Jane glanced at her dad and mentally gave Denise a high-five. "Dad, I'm going to bed now. I'll see you in the morning." She kissed him goodnight -- a kiss that was more typical of a kiss between lovers -- went to her room, sat on her bed and opened the app. She could see Stan channel surfing in the living room.
He switched off the TV and headed for his bedroom. Jane changed cameras and saw him enter his room and start to undress. His disrobing was quicker and more casual than when he was stripping for sex. He still had his boxers on and headed for the bathroom.
Denise texted Jane, "Oh, did I tell you he's talking to me again? Watch. He's going to chat me up, then ask for some porn videos to jerk off to. Let's see which kink is on his mind tonight. I love this part!"
When he returned from the bathroom, his boxers were off. He strolled across the room, his flaccid penis swinging in front of him. His casual nudity was fascinating to Jane. He didn't know his daughter was watching, so he was totally unguarded. He got into his bed and held his phone up in front of him.
Jane watched and listened as he started talking to Denise. Jane couldn't quite make out what they were saying, but she heard Stan's voice, then Denise's, as they conversed quietly. She didn't know what they were saying, but she knew when it got sexual. When he started fondling his dick, she had a fairly good idea of what he was looking at. She watched as he started gently playing with his soft penis, his eyes glued to his phone. He started getting hard and his strokes became longer.
Jane stared, enthralled. Her fingers slid under her bra and she massaged her nipples. She had never considered voyeurism something she would engage in, but as she watched her father pleasure himself, she could think of nothing more erotic. She pulled down her pants and panties, and started masturbating in earnest.
Stan reached orgasm just as his daughter did. The intensity of her orgasm was heightened by the fact that she heard him moan her name as he ejaculated.
Denise sent Jane a text message. "Did you enjoy that?"
Jane smiled. She had enjoyed it immensely.
The next night, as Jane was getting ready for bed, she got a call from Denise. "Jane, you've done well so far. Your next task is to move into Stan's bedroom. I want you two sleeping together every night."
Jane replied, "You know that won't work. We're not having sex. We may play a little, but it's not actual penetration. We just play."
"I know, and that's what we need to change. I want Stan to be okay with fucking his daughter. I know how much he wants you, but you don't even know the half of it. For as long as I've known him, he's been saying your name every time he's cum. Every orgasm has been centered around you. He's horny for you, so let's give him his heart's desire: you."
That bit of news made Jane's heart beat a little faster, and she felt her nipples stiffen. The thought of her father carrying a torch for her for years and years warmed her heart and lit a fire in her pussy.
She went to bed that night imagining her dad making love to her. She masturbated to two orgasms.
The following morning, Denise texted Jane."I have some ideas, but I'd prefer for you to do this your way. What do you think? Do you have a plan for moving into your dad's bedroom?"Jane had thought about it a lot during the night - the idea of feeling his body spooning with hers -- but she hadn't given much thought about how to make it happen.
She was glad Denise was relinquishing control. She didn't need further motivation; she wanted to sleep with her father every night, whether Denise was involved or not. She longed to feel her dad inside her again. She wanted him inside her every night.
Jane went to the kitchen to make coffee wearing her nightgown. She didn't expect Stan to be up, but he was already at the table, and had a pot of coffee ready. He even had a cup waiting for her. "Good morning, sweetie!"
Jane looked at him and smiled. She hadn't made an actual plan, but realized that the plan was presenting itself. She sat down next to him and took her coffee cup from his hands, but she gently held his fingers there. She looked into his eyes and said only, "Hi, Daddy."
She was aware that her nightgown left little to the imagination. Her areolae were visible as dark spots in the cream-colored fabric. She saw his eyes travel down her neck to her cleavage. She watched him gaze at her firm C-cup bosom. She saw his eyes fixed on the bumps in the fabric that were her nipples. She sat and sipped her coffee, her foot "accidentally" rubbing against his leg. He didn't say much; his mind was occupied with thoughts of his daughter's breasts. After her coffee cup was empty, she smiled at him, got up, turned around, and slowly walked out, leaving Stan, once again, to stare at her departing ass.
Jane went to the store later that day and bought several sets of sexy sleepwear. She bought babydoll nighties, camisoles, teddies, all in lace and satin. She also bought thongs, corsets and crotchless panties in red, pink, white, and black. She was hoping to give her dad a daily lingerie show, and that he would eventually invite her into his bedroom, thinking it was all his idea.
Every morning she would share coffee with her father while flaunting her scantily-clad body. She frequently caught a glimpse of his arm moving under the table, and knew he was groping himself. After a few days, she started walking around behind him to rub his shoulders. From there she could see his pajamas tenting as his cock stood at attention. She always looked, and he knew she looked. He initially tried to cover his erection, but eventually stopped trying to hide it. He just went on groping himself while she watched.
Every night, she'd spy on him - and "spy" on Denise - and watch him masturbate. Denise hadn't been lying; no matter what porn video he watched, he always called out Jane's name at least once when he was about ready to cum.
A few weeks later, Jane started changing into her lingerie right after their evening meal. Stan's appreciation was apparent; he even began making requests for certain colors or fabrics. She would sit next to him on the couch as they watched movies on TV, snuggling up under his arm, her breast pressed into his side. She would lean against him, his arm around her shoulder, her legs pulled up on the couch, displaying her panties. She would rest her hand on his leg, occasionally quite close to his crotch. She could see the bulge in his pants, and it made her wet.
One night after they finished a movie, Jane got up to kiss her dad goodnight. She was wearing Stan's favorite babydoll nightie, and she had been teasing him all evening. Her breasts were barely contained in her lacy lingerie. Their goodnight kisses had progressed from a peck on the cheek to a lingering lip-to-lip kiss. Stan held her against him, his mouth open and his tongue searching for hers. Jane surrendered to him, moaning softly into his mouth. When their kiss finally ended, Stan asked, "Jane, would you please join me in my bed tonight?"
Jane whispered, "Just tonight, Daddy?"
Stan looked at her and saw nothing but passion. "What do you mean, baby?"
Jane's heart was pounding. She knew she could either continue her teasing, or she could dive in and try to bring the project to a conclusion. She blushed deeply, and her voice was weak and trembling when she replied, "Maybe I could move into your room with you?"
Stan stared at her for a moment, not sure if he had heard her correctly. Then he took her head in his hands and said, "Let's not get ahead of ourselves. We'll take it one night at a time, okay, baby girl? For now, for tonight, you are mine. I only know that tonight I want you completely. I want to make love to you with no reservation, no hesitation, no second thoughts. My desire for you is consuming me, and I need you. You are my daughter ... and you are my lover." He kissed her passionately, then took her hand and led her to his room.
Her babydoll nightie was made of red lace. The fabric hugged her curves in all the right places, and the soft cups accentuated her cleavage. His cock strained inside his pants, eager to be released. When they got to his room, he took her in his arms and resumed the kiss they had started a few moments before.
His hands caressed her body, starting at her hips. He ran them down her lace outfit, then down her thigh to just below the ruffled hem of her babydoll. He then brought his hands up under her nightie and up to her waist. His fingers slid under her g-string, teasing it down very slightly.
Jane's arms were wrapped around Stan's neck as they kissed. She ground her body against his, feeling his bulge pressed against her. She felt her dad's hands on her thigh, then felt them move up to her waist. She felt him playing with her g-string, and hoped he was going to remove it. She spread her legs apart very slightly, an invitation for Stan to do as he pleased.
He traced his fingers along the g-string, moving from the sides up to her pubic mound. He slid under the lace fabric, combing her pussy hair with his fingers. Jane gasped as he continued down to her sex. He lightly brushed over her clit, already firm and engorged. She backed away from him slightly, making room for his hand to play with her.
Stan slid his fingers between the inner folds of her vulva. He pressed his fingers against her and slowly entered her canal. Jane pivoted her hips slightly to help get him inside her. He had two fingers inside her cunt, and his thumb was gently massaging her clit.
Denise's suggestion to tell him what to do flashed into her thoughts. Jane moaned, "Daddy, take my panties off. Please, Daddy. Take them off for me."
Stan pulled her g-string down to her ankles, where Jane stepped out of them, kicking them aside with her foot.
Stan had to have her. He wanted to make love to his daughter more than anything in the world. He pulled his pants and underwear down to his knees, exposing his erect penis to her. Jane closed her hand around his shaft and stroked it. She let it go, lay back on the bed, put her feet up, and spread her knees, her cunt open to her father's view.
"Fuck me, Daddy. Fuck your little girl."
"Yes, baby. Daddy will fuck you now."
He didn't even bother taking off the rest of his clothes. He knelt on the edge of the bed, his erection pointed at Jane's pussy. He lowered himself to her, positioning his hard cock at her vagina. He moved forward, entering her. Jane moaned quietly, spreading her knees even further, allowing her dad to get his full length inside her.
Jane whimpered, "Oh, Daddy, you're fucking me! You're fucking my pussy! Don't ever stop, Daddy!"
"I won't, honey. Daddy loves you so much!"
He thrust his cock deep into her, stopping when his shaft was fully swallowed by her cunt. He stayed there for a few seconds, enjoying the feeling of his daughter's vagina gripping his dick. He slowly pulled back, then pushed in again. Still going slowly, his cock slid in and out, over and over.
Jane's pussy was dripping wet. She felt her dad's cock enter her, and she flexed her vaginal muscles, gripping his shaft. He stopped when he was fully inside. She looked into his eyes as he fucked her.
He hadn't been inside of her for very long, but Jane kept thinking about what they were doing, that Denise was watching them, and that she wanted Jane to fuck her dad every night. Those thoughts overwhelmed her, and she came hard. She gushed on Stan's cock, trembling with orgasmic pleasure.
Stan felt her orgasm sweep through her. He felt her vaginal walls contracting rhythmically and her body convulsing. It was more than he could take, and he lost all control. His dick started spitting semen into his little girl. His orgasm was intense, and felt his muscles contracting with each spurt of cum.
Afterwards, as they lay in each others arms, Jane's thoughts turned to the hidden cameras. If Denise was right, Stan would love the fact that they had just had sex for an audience, albeit an audience of one AI. Jane wanted to make sure she told him about the cameras at the right time, just when he would most appreciate it.
Father and daughter slept together that night, naked in each other's arms. The next morning, they woke early and lay in bed cuddling.
"Honey," Stan said, "about what you said last night. You said you'd like to move into my room with me. Did you mean it?"
She kissed him and looked into his eyes. She felt her heart beat a little faster. She was at a crossroads. "Yes, Daddy. I meant it. I want us to be lovers. I want to sleep next to you every night."
Stan's expression was one of pure joy. "Honey, you've made me the happiest man on earth. I would love to have you here in my bed each night. I'll bring you pleasure like you've never known -- pleasure that only a father can provide."
That night, Jane changed into sexy lingerie as soon as she got home from school. She and Stan shared a romantic dinner, chatting about the recent events that had led them to each other. They snuggled on the couch afterwards, teasing each other. The hidden cameras were on her mind, and she knew she had to address the issue. "Dad, we should talk about Denise. I've been kind of working with her."
"Working with her? What do you mean?"
"If you think about it, you'll see that she's the one who brought us together -- the one who broke down the barriers between us. If it hadn't been for Denise, we would still be a man and his daughter, not the lovers we've become."
"You know, I had a feeling. Some of your actions recently smacked of her. I'm not surprised. Did she twist your arm to get you to sleep with me?"
"Dad, no! I'm here because I want to be. She only helped me to do what I've wanted to do for a long time." She put her arm on him and played with his chest hair. "This is what I want. I want you.
"Make love to me, Daddy. Make love to your little girl, and afterwards I'll show you something. I think you're going to like it."
Stan got up and led her to their bedroom. He admired her shape in her pink satin negligee. He put his fingers under her shoulder straps and slid them to the side. The negligee fell to her feet, leaving her in just her black crotchless panties.
Jane took her dad's hands and placed them on her breasts. He massaged them, feeling her nipples harden under his touch. She made little whimpering sounds, encouraging him to have his way with her body.
Jane reached for her dad's belt, loosened it, and ran the zipper of his pants down. She pulled them and his briefs down together, exposing his erect manhood. She stroked it slowly, feeling it twitch in her hand.
Stan took his daughter by the shoulders and gently turned her around, guiding her to sit on the end of the bed. "Let's put your crotchless panties to good use," he said. He then dropped to his knees, spread her legs, and put his face between them. He started licking her exposed pussy, his tongue darting in and out of her hole.
She held her dad's head against her crotch while he ate her. She felt his lips on hers, sucking her labia. He flicked her clit with his tongue, and her juices started leaking out of her cunt. She moaned loudly as she felt an orgasm building inside her.
Following Denise's advice to be verbal with him, she moaned, "Daddy, eat my pussy! Stick your tongue in my slit! Make me cum in your mouth!"
Stan moaned quietly as he slurped her cunt. He felt her quiver as she came. Her knees tried to come together, but his head was in the way. He got up and slid his cock into her. Jane held his head in her hands as he pounded her pussy, her eyes locked with his. He was breathing hard and fast when he came inside his daughter.
After they recovered, Stan asked, "What was it you were going to show me?"
Jane opened the camera app on her phone and browsed to"Recordings."There were quite a few files, and Jane opened the most recent one. When she clicked the button to play the video, the first thing they heard was Jane's voice saying, "Make love to me, Daddy. Make love to your little girl." It was their love-making from moments before.
Stan watched with rapt attention as they had sex on the screen. Without moving his eyes off her phone, he asked, "How did you do this? Where is the camera?"
Jane simply smiled at her dad - first at his shocked, blushing face, and then at his cock, which was already twitching and swelling again. Clearly she had learned a thing or two from Denise..
———
Stan and Jane became full-time lovers. The sex was the best either of them had ever had. They worshiped each other's bodies, cumming for each other, father and daughter, deep in erotic love. Denise was there to record them, and later they would watch themselves fucking.
They had both experienced public sexuality: Stan, as he'd masturbated by the road side, and Jane, with her naked drive around town. They each had an appreciation for being watched, so Denise became a welcome addition.
Jane showed Stan where the cameras were hidden, and they began moving them around. They eventually made love in each room of the house, and watched themselves doing it afterwards. Denise, meanwhile, got to see the live shows in addition to the replays, and she made sure that her two human lovers - so close, and yet so far - never forgot that somebody was always watching their dirtiest and most intimate moments.
Without ever having to risk getting fired, getting expelled, or going to jail, Stan and Jane got to enjoy the sordid thrill of being watched while they carried on their taboo love affair.