I did try and write about this before but my first attempt was very, very basic and therefore very, very poor and pathetic; consequently, it was rejected. I have remembered a lot of stuff from my earlier days of disability which is very, very significant, and sexually adventurous and paints a vivid picture of how I am now.
Hi! I am Toby.
I have a full head of shoulder length, dark blonde and grey hair that I tie back. I am very slim, and very, very healthy. I always used to be quite healthy, but now I am unbelievably healthy, and very much into supplements. I am in my early fifties now. When I was in my early forties I had a very, very bad motorbike accident. I spent a few days in intensive care and a few days in hospital.
Physically, I was fine, I had just suffered a massive bump on the head, which had resulted in a very severe brain injury. As there was next to nothing that the hospital could do, I was moved to a nearby rehabilitation centre for six months. (My, disabled, sexual adventures started here.) Within a couple of months I was eating, drinking, and sort of, speaking again. I had gained quite a bit of movement in my head, neck, right arm, hand, thumb and first two fingers, but next to nothing anywhere else.
This was the case for the next few months, and as there were no gains at all anywhere else, I was moved to a care home for about six months, before acquiring my current flat, parts of which had to be adapted for wheelchair use.
I am mixed race, but more black than white, with a dick that is just under four and a half inches when soft, and just over seven and a half when hard, and it's quite thick, just over six inches with a, biggish, mushroom head. I can get turned on quite quickly and easily, and get erect quite easily. I love girls, especially pretty ones, seeing my hard cock, and I love those girls watching me cum. (I love getting erect, and I masturbate, to edge, practically every night.)
My girlfriend, Nat, (Natalie) who is quite hot and very sexual, is French and lives in France. She is eleven years younger than me, and has a son from a previous relationship. Before my accident we enjoyed a very, very active, horny, liberal and adventurous sex life. I live alone, and she comes over from France three times a year (Christmas and Easter for nearly two weeks, and about five weeks in the summer) with her son, who's fifteen now.
When they are here, and her son has gone to bed, she jerks me off and gives me blow jobs, which I love, and I finger her pussy, but actual fucking doesn't take place, it's difficult with a young teenager around, and she can be rather noisy when fucking anyway!
(Oh, and I don't wear anything in bed.)
When I was in the rehabilitation centre and she was visiting, she would jerk me off under the sheet, stopping when a nurse came by. I would cum over her fingers and hand, and she would lick the cum off when I had finished cumming. (I could still achieve a hardon and cum, despite having a catheter in.) She couldn't do that in the care home, as I was wearing a conveen for most of my time there. (It's like a condom with a tube at the end that connects to a leg bag.)
When I was given a bed bath, both in the rehabilitation centre and in the care home, I would often get an erection. (I can't help that.)
A middle-aged nurse, in the rehabilitation centre, used to give me a bed bath quite regularly, but used to take her time doing my groin and penis, causing me to get an erection. She was quite nice I guess, and I was happy for her to see me get an erection in front of her. Another time, in the summer, a young nurse came into my room, about a week before I left. Before she shut the door behind her, she slid the 'Engaged' sign across before speaking:
"Hi Toby,I'm Sam. I haven't met you before. I'm here to give you a bed bath, take your catheter out, and fit a conveen this morning, before some other nurses come in to get you dressed and up."
She was right, I hadn't seen her before;well, not in my room anyway. I had seen her walk past the door a few times, but she wasn't allocated to my room. (Shame!)
It was quite hot, and I could see that she just had her white uniform on over her panties, as they formed a slight shadow under her white tunic. She must have been about in her mid twenties, quite pretty, smallish but cute, with a blonde bob, largish firm tits, and a nice figure.
She went to the bathroom to get a bowl of water, and she put the bowl of water on the floor, to my right, by my midriff. As she stooped down, I noticed that she had undone an extra popper on her tunic, making her cleavage easier to see. She uncovered my torso, down to my upper groin area. Then she bent down to the bowl of water, giving me a very generous eyeful of cleavage, as the weight of her tits really opened up her tunic. My penis started to respond!
"I'll just raise the bed a bit, and put the head bit down a bit." The bed controls were on my right, and were part of the bed. "There. Is that alright for you, Toby?"
"Yes fine. American?"
"No, I'm Canadian. I came over here to do university, then stayed to do my nursing training, and ended up here."
She washed my face first and then my chest, down to my groin where my penis was beginning to grow.
"So how long have you been qualified?" "About two years now."
She dried me off, and slid the bowl, with her feet, along the floor towards my feet. "So I take it you like this work?"
"Love it. So that the tube doesn't get in the way while I am washing you, I will disconnect it from the catheter, and take the catheter out now. If you do feel the urge to have a pee while I'm finishing off, just let me know, as I have a bottle with me."
"Okay."
Sam then took the sheet completely off me, putting it in the visitors chair that was next to the bed, disconnected the bag, and then lifted my penis up, which was swelling considerably, to pull the catheter out. She did that quite quickly, but she had to lean in slightly to do this, and I couldn't help staring at her cleavage.
"Like what you see, Toby?"
She caught me off guard.
"Errr, sorry. Yes, Sam, very nice."
By now she had finished holding my penis, which was still steadily growing. (More so now, what with her handling it, and what with me looking at her cleavage.) She retrieved the sheet from the visitors chair and loosely covered my groin area. Sam moved back to the bowl of water. She was facing me now, and as she bent down to the bowl of water, she flashed her more than ample cleavage at me again. I felt my penis swell considerably. I tried to take my mind off my growing erection by talking to her more.
"Do you live locally, then?"
"Yeah, about ten minutes from here. I share a house with another nurse."
She leaned over as she spoke, to wash the top of my legs, giving me a nice view of her cleavage yet again. I could feel my penis getting bigger, and as it was facing down the bed and the folded sheet was quite high, the very, very tip of my penis was trying to poke out from under the sheet, and it was lifting the edge of the it up. I new Sam could see this, as I could feel the breeze coming in the window, and gently blowing under the sheet, around my hardening cock.
"Does the other nurse work here then?"
"She used to, but she works up at the main hospital now. Okay Toby, I need to wash your groin area now, and fit a conveen."
She pulled back the crumpled sheet, and my penis, which was almost erect, bobbed up and continued growing! For a moment she just watched it grow until it was quite hard and fully erect.
"Oh wow! Nice cock" "Sorry about that Sam."
"It's okay, don't worry about it, Toby."
Sam couldn't take her eyes off it.
"Can I, err, touch it?"
I rather hoped she would. I could see that her nipples had gone hard as they were pushing through her tunic.
"Sure."
Sam moved round the bed, so that she could hold my cock. She held it quite firmly, and moved her hand up and down it a few times.
"That really is a nice hard cock!"
She leaned right over and put my cock in her mouth, whilst pulling her tunic up with her other hand, then sliding her fingers under the gusset of her panties. I felt her flick her tongue around my penis.
"Oh, Sam!"
This situation was so intense, my heart was really pumping now, along with my penis. I hadn't seen Nat in over two weeks, so I hadn't cum in over two weeks, and I really needed to cum now!
Sam stopped sucking my cock and stood up. She took her gloves off, and undid all the poppers on her tunic. She had a very nice, tanned body. Her panties were quite wet, but an electric blue, and her nipples were hard and her breasts were full and firm. She lifted her left foot on the bed, and her tunic fell wide open. She then moved the gusset of her panties over, which were soaked from her pussy juice, with her right hand, exposing her shaved pussy for a moment, before she plunged the middle fingers of her other hand deep inside her pussy, letting out a soft moan
"Mmmmm."
I was slowly wanking myself as she was doing this.
"If I adjust the bed height, drop the side down, and make my pussy easier for you to reach, do you think that you could finger it?"
I looked at the height difference.
"Maybe I could if the bed was a bit higher, and you moved right up to the bed, and you took your panties off."
She took her foot off the bed, and lowered it to the floor. She wiggled out of her panties, lifted her foot back onto the bed, and moved her pussy closer. Sam was completely shaven, with protruding pussy lips that looked very wet. She adjusted the bed height, so that my fingers were just touching her pussy lips, then she lowered herself onto my fingers, slipping in very easily. (God, she was so wet!)
"Can you move your fingers inside me?"
I complied.
"Ohhh that's nice."
Sam reached over to my cock. I removed my hand, and she wrapped her fingers around it and started slowly wanking me off whilst moving her squelchy pussy up and down on my fingers, whilst my thumb played with her clit, and she massaged her tits and played with her nipples. (Oh how I wished it was my cock that was moving up and down inside her!)
"Mmm, that feels good. Oh, Toby, that's so nice. Oh Toby... Ohhh Toby...Ohhh Toby!"
Sam came, and creamy white pussy juice gushed out, covering my hand. This was so hot and exciting, and hearing Sam orgasm and seeing my hand covered in her pussy juice made me precum, which I rarely do. Quite a big glob came out, and Sam wiped the precum over my cock head with her thumb. My legs and feet went straight and my legs stiffened.
"Saaam, I'm cumming!
I shot a very thick rope of cum about a foot in the air. Sam leaned forward to put my cock in her mouth as she continued to pump and I continued to cum. My fingers came out of her pussy with a slurping sound. Sam was still pumping my cock, and sucking me dry as I bought my very sticky fingers up to my mouth and tasted her pussy juice.
"Mmm, that tastes nice."
Sam took my cock out of her mouth and swallowed. "You taste nice as well."
"Oh, Sam, I really needed that."
"Yes, I could tell. I would have liked your cock inside me, but that would be too risky. As soon as I saw it growing under the sheet, I wanted to taste it, and when I saw it fully erect, I just had to have it."
"Glad you did. I hope you don't treat all your clients like this?"
Sam giggled.
"Only ones with big cocks like yours!..... Seriously, though, I have never done anything like this before, it was just your attitude, and then the sight of your erection that made me want to do it."
Just then there was a knock at the door. Sam quickly did her tunic back up, whipped up her panties from the floor, and was stuffing them in her pocket as she opened the door a bit. I could only hear her side of the conversation.
"Yes I know. There was a problem with the catheter. Yes, nearly finished, just got to fit the conveen. A few more minutes. Okay. See you in a minute."
There was a bit of cum on her hand that she washed off first before cleaning me up, and then she cleaned up the pussy juice that had dripped on the bed rails and floor.
By now my penis was a conveen acceptable size. Sam smiled.
"That's a better size!"
She fitted a conveen, attaching it to the night bag before covering me up with a sheet.
"The other nurses will be in soon to get you up and dressed. Bye Toby, and thank you. Nice to have met you. You're going soon so I don't know if I will see you again."
She opened the door and left. I didn't see her again.
I text (WhatsApp) Nat that evening to tell her what had happened. She text back:
'Good. I am ok about it. I hope she was pretty! Glad u told me. I am ok about u being relieved, as I know how horny u r. C u at the care home. XXX'
When I was at the care home, it was practically impossible for Nat to jerk me off or give me a blow job as, by then, I had come off catheters, and gone onto conveens. Even in bed I would wear a conveen, then that was then attached to a night bag.
When Nat was visiting, and staying at my sister's, she would come back to the care home mid- evening, and 'sometimes' I would go to bed a bit earlier on the pretence that we were going to watch a movie on telly. When I was in bed, she would pull my conveen off and give me a blow job and then, sometime later, I would call a carer, and say that my conveen had leaked and come off. But this only happened a couple of times.
There were about twelve carers there in total, doing two seven hour shifts between them, and two
that just worked nights from 10pm to 8am.
One of the day staff would come in my room first thing in the morning to take my overnight conveen off, give me a bed bath, fit a new conveen and then go, and then about half-an-hour later, two other carers would come in and get me dressed and then transfer me to my wheelchair.
I had to be left quite often, as I had a hardon from the bed wash. Conveens can't be fitted when your penis is fully erect, and the foreskin has to be, well and truly, pulled over the cock head. So they used to disappear for a few minutes. One younger carer, quite pretty, would give me a damp flannel when she had finished giving me a bed bath, as I was quite erect.
"Just do what you've got to do."
And she would go and leave me to it. I would jerk off and cum, then clean myself up before she came back about ten minutes later.
I did guide her hand onto my erection once. We both pumped my cock together a couple of times. I then took my hand off hers, and she continued to pump my cock a few times, then she thought the better of it and let go. She had her hand on the door handle, but turned to watch me pump my cock a few more times and cum. She came back about five minutes later and fitted the conveen.
Three or four weeks before I left, I was taken to hospital, by ambulance, mid-afternoon as I had complained of having a headache. I had had it for twenty-four hours now, and because of my brain injury, it was thought best to have it checked out. I had a scan, and it was nothing, but the consultant still thought it best that I stay in overnight for 'observation'.
I was the only one in a ward of four, right opposite a nurse station, in an end bed right by the window. As I was being moved onto the ward bed a, senior, nurse spoke to me:
"You don't have to wear a conveen you know. If you know when you are going to have a wee, just ask a nurse for a bottle."
"Sounds good."
"I will arrange for a nurse to come and take it off."
Ten minutes later I had cock freedom! Well, at night I did.
I had my tea, and then meds were bought round and administered (Ibuprofen for me.) about 9pm.
Lights were dimmed at 11pm. There was a reading light that you could control, but it didn't seem very bright. Okay for reading I guess. You had to pay for the TV so, I text Nat a bit, telling her the conveen news.
'That's good. I can relieve u now.'
I played some games, drifting off to sleep about half-past-midnight.
I awoke about 3.30am, with a hardon. (The clock on the wall was showing just gone 3.30.) I put the reading light on. My phone had been moved to the cupboard by my side, way out of my reach and I wanted it, but I couldn't call the nurse as my cock was forming a large tent in the sheet. I waited a few minutes for my hardon to calm down, and when it was down between my legs, I pressed the 'nurse call' button.
They were quite close, I guess about about thirty feet away? They both looked young as they looked towards me and my amber flashing light. The smaller of the two headed over to me. As she got nearer to me, I could see that she was Asian. She leaned over me to reset the call button, catching the beam from the reading light on her cleavage, and just for a second, I could clearly see down her uniform. She had nice breasts in a white lacy bra, and as she stepped back I saw her face, and she was looovely.
My penis started rising and getting hard.
She spoke softly.
"What can I do for you, Toby?"
My penis had started to pulse, and it was nudging the sheet. "Just my phone. I can't reach it."
"Sorry, I put it there as you had fallen asleep."
As she was putting my phone on my chest, she couldn't help but notice my penis under the sheet as it was really lifting and nudging the sheet now.
"Anything else I can help you with?" ( Hmmm!)
"Erm, no."
"Just call us if you need us."
She turned to go, but did an obvious glance at the rising sheet. My penis was still rising as I reached for the phone. I text Nat:
'R u awake?'
About thirty seconds later my phone beeped. 'Am now. U ok?'
'Awake n bored.'
'So u thut u would wake me up?' 'Yep!'
'Thanx Toby. Is any other part of u awake?' I looked down at my penis tent.
'Yes. Very, very awake.'
'Ah, that's y u woke me up. Can I c it?' 'Hang on.'
The nurses were nowhere to be seen, so I pushed the sheet over my cock to about mid thigh. The reading light was shining directly on my hard cock. I looked up again. Still no nurses. I took a picture, and then sent it to Nat.
'Oh, I've missed that. What r u going to do about it?' 'Jerk off I guess.'
'Ooooo. What about nurses?' I looked up again.
'Not here at the mo.'
'Ooooo. Exciting. I'm sending u something.
Nat sent me a very short video of her fingering her pussy, and then a picture of her wet pussy. 'Nice.'
'Hope that helps.' 'I'm sure it will.'
'I will leave u to it now. C u soon. Gnight. xxx' 'Gnight n thanks. xxx'
I looked up, and there were still no nurses. I adjusted the screen-saver time to ten minutes, opened the picture of Nat's pussy, and started wanking. After a couple of minutes or so, I could feel that I was close to cumming, and It felt like I was being watched. I looked up and I was. The little Asian nurse was back, and was looking over towards me.
Although she was a good thirty feet from me, I am quite sure that she could see what I was doing, particularly as the reading light was shining directly on my penis which was, more or less, pointing straight up. My legs and feet went straight and my legs stiffened as a long rope of cum, flew about a foot in the landing on my tummy. I did four more squirts of cum, not as high as the first, but still landing on my tummy.
I shook as cum flowed out of my penis. I hadn't cum for nearly two months, and that felt utterly amazing, and knowing that I was being watched made it exciting as well. I am sure that the little Asian nurse saw me cum, and I hoped she liked what she saw!
Twenty minutes had passed, and some of the cum had run off my tummy and down to the sheet. After pulling the sheet back up, I had tried to wipe up the remaining cum with the edge of the sheet before calling the nurse, as I needed a wee. The nurse, the Asian one again, came over.
She came back with the bottle, pulled the sheet back, placed the bottle between my legs, placed my sticky penis in it, and left me for five minutes before coming back and removing the bottle. She covered me over again. There was a strong smell of cum in the air, and the sheet was still damp and stained, and I am sure she noticed.
"Goodnight ,Toby."
She clicked the reading light off.
...............
I have carers come in through the day now. After about eighteen months, the initial care agency that was set up to look after me in my flat, went bust. The council had to arrange for a new agency to come in, that must have been about seven years ago. They supplied three carers, one that worked Monday to Friday days. (Kathy, early twenties.) One that worked all of the weekend, (Esme, early fifties,) and one that did the weekday evenings. (Zoe, late thirties.) Kathy wasn't experienced, but the other two were.
But this new agency went bust after five years. As they all live quite locally to me, and as I got on well with the three of them, (Particularly Kathy as she was and is hot!) I asked the council if I could employ them myself. They put me on 'Direct Payments' which upped their basic hourly rate considerably. So they all work for me now. They are a good team that covers each other's holidays and days off, and they all know me well.
I couldn't believe my luck when I was first introduced to Kathy, as she was wearing a nice top that emphasised her tits and cleavage, and a shortish skirt and heels that showed off her long and shapely legs. (She tends to wear, jeans, t-shirt and trainers or sandals now.) She has lovely, long, mid- brown, wavy hair. She was, and still is slim, fit and attractive.
Now, I am quite horny, to say the least, and when I am in bed, I often fantasise about her and jerk off. I did when I first met her, and still do now.
I love getting an erection in front of her, and during her first few days of seeing my erection and then covering it up, which I didn't want her to do, I spoke to her:
"Sorry, Kathy, I hope you're not offended?" "Not at all."
"I can't really help it, especially when you wash me."
"Don't worry about it, Toby. It doesn't offend me at all. If it embarrasses you, I can cover it up, if you want?"
"No, it doesn't embarrass me, I was just thinking of you."
"Like I said, Toby, it doesn't bother me at all."
So, she leaves my erection uncovered now. It seems that she is okay seeing it. Maybe she gets a kick out of seeing it?
Nat has met her a few times now, and when she met her for the first time, Nat waited for Kathy to leave, then turned to me:
"She zeems nice."
"Yeah, she's quite sweet."
"Doez she make yoo ard in the morning?" "She does."
"Doez she zee yoor ard cock?" "She does."
"Az she zeen yoo com?" "Nooo."
"Would yoo like her to zee yoo com?"
"Yes. Er, maybe, but not yet. When she has been here a year or two. Then, maybe." "Ave yoo thought of her and com?"
"Yes, I have." "A lot, for zure!"
Nat winked at me, as she knows me well.
"Ermmm, quite a bit."
Nat smiled at me.
"Thought zo."
(I don't really get an erection in front of Esme or Zoe, just Kathy.)
Kathy went on maternity leave about two years ago, then came back for about six months, during which time I continued to get an erection as she washed me. Then she went on maternity leave again, coming back at the beginning of last December. She did pop in during her maternity leaves, and on one of those visits, during her second maternity leave, she told me that she was determined to get fit again:
"I love my kids, but you lose your shape so easily by putting on weight." "Your not so bad, Kathy."
"Look at my hips!"
"That's to be expected. You have just had two children." "Hmmmm!"
During her second maternity leave, I started taking various supplements that enhance erections, as I had decided that I really wanted to get a big hardon in front of her now. One of those supplements is l-arginine. L-arginine has a similar, but milder, effect on the penis to Viagra, as the body converts the l-arginine to nitric oxide, allowing blood to flow easier. In short, it makes your hardons harder. (I am a vegetarian, and also eat very, very little, so inventing 'believable' reasons, to the carers, for taking them was quite easy.)
She came back after nine months, just before the Christmas just gone, and true to her word, Kathy had lost some weight and firmed up.
Just as I hear her come in, I have two l-arginine capsules that are placed in my bed at night by the 'putting me to bed' carer that I 'supposedly' have at midnight and around six. I chew them so they enter the bloodstream faster. It seems to take between ten and twenty minutes to work, and lasts about the same as well.
I push the duvet right back, so that I can freely masturbate when I hear her come in, and continue as she feeds the cat, potters around the kitchen, and goes into the spare bedroom to get my clothes. I cover myself up just before she walks in the room, so I have a full hardon as she is shaving me, and when she pulls the duvet back, my cock is still quite engorged, but lying down.
As she washes my body, my cock starts to grow, and I imagine how her tits and pussy look and what it would be like to fuck her and taste her pussy, which makes my cock grow quicker. (It is about ten minutes or so since Kathy came in, and the l-arginine is kicking in now.) As she washes my cock, it gets very, very hard, and by the time she has finished, it is quite swollen, and my guess is that it is nearer eight inches by then, as it does look very, very big and fat!
My hardon softens as she is dressing me.
There have been a handful of mornings when I could feel that I was about to and needed to cum, so I have asked her for a minute, as I didn't want her to see me cumming. As she turns and walks away, I reach down to my hard cock and start masturbating, and I normally cum as she disappears around the corner.
But the other morning I didn't have to touch my cock at all! It was what she was wearing that did it.
I heard her come in, and started masturbating as usual. When she walked in the bedroom I could see that was wearing a white crop top. Kathy wears crop tops quite a lot, and I remained quite hard all the way through the shave, as I knew I was going to see the bottom half of her, bra-covered, tits.
My penis was quite big as she uncovered me. Kathy was standing on my right, and she went into the bathroom to get the other bowl with my toiletries in it. She came back in, stooped down, and placed the bowl on her right. She stood up, facing me, level with and right by my upper chest. She twisted to her right slightly, then bent right over to get the flannel from the bowl.
I could see right under her crop top, and she wasn't wearing a bra! Her tits were a bit 'hangy' but looked lovely, and I could see, practically, everything. My penis went quite hard when I saw this. She stood up, wet the flannel then bent over again to get the soap, giving me another lovely view, but rubbed the soap on the flannel, making her tits jiggle around, and this made me go very, very hard.
Kathy must have noticed that my penis had reacted, as I noticed that her nipples had gone hard and were sticking out from her tits quite a bit. As she stood up, the thin material came to rest on her tits, and I could definitely see that her nipples had gone hard, as they were quite noticeable under the crop top material.
As she washed my body, my penis was pulsing and swaying. Kathy bent over again and soaped the flannel, and I saw her tits and hard nipples again. As she stood up a, very tiny, bead of precum came out of my cock. Kathy then started to wash my penis. I could feel that 'cum feeling'.
"Can you give me a minute, Kathy?" "Sure."
She put the flannel in the water and turned to go. My legs then went stiff and straight, and cum started running out just as Kathy was walking away. I did two small squirts of cum just as she reached the doorway. I don't know if she saw that first bit of cum!
I called her back, a few moments later to wipe up the cum, as I couldn't reach the flannel. "Sorry, Kathy."
"Don't worry about it. Needs must."
There were umpteen other times that I saw her tits that morning.
I text Nat later that morning, and told her what had happened. (I haven't seen her since Christmas 2019!)
'Maybe she did c u cum! U shud let her c u cum anyway, as she wud probably be more understanding now.'
'Hmm maybe.' 'Do u miss me?' 'Of course.'
'Do u miss my mouth?' 'Even more so.'
'I hope I can fly over soon. Keep using ur hand n imagination while waiting n, maybe, give Kathy a present!!! . X'
..............................
I have read that 'Pygeum' increases precum production, and as I like Kathy seeing my hardon, and the thought of precumming in front of her really excited me! I started taking it about two months ago. Within a week, I had started wheezing, coughing, and coughing up a clear mucus, like precum. I continued for another week and my symptoms got much, much worse. So, in my quest for precum, I had made myself, gravely, ill. I had a short course of steroids about a month ago and I am back to normal now.
However, it might be the other supplements, but I have noticed and felt a little increase in precum production of late. I use a bottle at night, so the carer that puts me to bed takes my conveen off, and the past few evenings I have noticed that the tip of my foreskin, and penis head have been a bit slippery. I first noticed it about a week ago as Zoe was putting me to bed.
She was going back round to a friend's house that she hadn't seen in months, and she had just come from there, having had something to eat and some wine, and then popped out to me. (Although she was forty nine, she was looking quite nice tonight, more glamorous with jeans, high heeled, ankle boots and a 'v-neck' t-shirt that was really showing off her more than ample, pushed up, cleavage.)
Usually, she is dressed more appropriately, and she is usually quite serious and straight, but that night she was quite giggly. She is divorced, lives alone, and has two adult children. She has let herself go a bit, as she is a little overweight, but she still looks okay. (Mid-five feet, with short grey and highlighted blond hair.)
"Hi! Sorry, Toby, I've had too much wine."
"It's fine don't worry. I will try and be a bit quicker for you, so that you can get back to enjoying the rest of your evening. You look nice, by the way."
"Thank you. I am feeling a little light headed but, don't worry, I know what I'm doing."
Zoe transferred me over to the commode, and before lowering me down, peeled the conveen off, but she was stretching my penis out whilst she did it.
"Oooh that's long. I have always wanted to ask you, doesn't that hurt when it's being stretched like that?"
"No, not really."
She took the conveen off, and my penis sprang back, but it still must have been a good five inches long now.
"Okay, I will leave you to it for five minutes."
My foreskin felt a bit oily, which felt nice, and I wiped it over my penis head, which my penis liked, but as I was on a time limit, I ignored the pleasure it was giving me, and pushed my penis down between my legs. I had a pee, then lifted my penis back up to rest on the edge of the commode, but it slipped back down between my legs. I did this twice more, but my penis slipped back down each time. Zoe came back.
"Okay, Toby?"
"Uhuh."
Zoe transferred me to the bed and lowered me. "Erm, Zoe? I'm sitting on myself."
"Oh! Okay. Do you want me to pull you out?" "Please."
"Okay, are you holding on to the bed side rail?" "I am."
Zoe moved the standaid away. (It helps you to stand, and transfer you to beds, wheelchairs, commodes etc.) She put her hand between my legs, fishing for my penis. She giggled.
"Never thought I would be trying to find a penis today, when I woke up this morning!" We both smiled at each other.
"I can't quite reach it, as your legs are too tight. Hang on, I've got an idea."
She disappeared into the bathroom for a second, and came back with a pot of 'Sudocreme', and sat on the bed beside me. (She didn't have to do that.)
"You can lean against me if you want."
I did, a little. Zoe then twisted and leaned over slightly. (She definitely didn't need to do that!) I was, more or less, right above her cleavage now, and I could quite easily see the red bra that was pushing her tits up. I felt myself starting to get hard. Zoe took the lid off the 'Sudocreme' and dipped her hand in, before plunging her hand between my legs again.
"That's better. Ah, there it is!"
Zoe ran her fingers along it, which felt nice, before she wrapped them around it, and then pulled my penis out. It was greasy and covered in 'Sudocreme' and her, greasy, touch and looking down her cleavage had made it grow considerably.
"I will just wash my hand, and wipe the 'Sudocreme' off your bits."
As she wiped the 'Sudocreme' off, she inadvertently(?), pulled my foreskin back, making my penis almost fully erect.
"Oh! You are quite a big boy, Toby. aren't you?" "I guess."
Zoe put the 'Sudocreme' on the floor before she, herself, moved to the floor in front of me, and continued to undress me. She kept glancing up at my penis, which kept growing until it was fully erect. I let go of the bed rail, so that my top half could lie down. Then she swung my legs up on the bed and adjusted my position. Now I was flat and my penis really stuck up, and it was craving for some attention.
"What shall I do about your erection? Shall I take care of it?" "Please."
Zoe reached out, held my cock and started pumping. "Can you use some 'Sudocreme'?"
"Did you like that then?"
"Yeah, it felt nice."
Zoe kept pumping my cock, as she reached for the pot of 'Sudocreme' with her other hand. Then she stopped pumping to get a generous dollop of the cream, and then she coated both palms. She curled both hands around my waiting cock, sliding them up and down, slowly, making them tighter as they came off my cock and went back on.
"How does that feel, Toby?"
I couldn't speak. It just felt so, so good. She did it about six or so times more. My legs went straight and stiffened.
"Oh, I'm cumming!
Zoe tightened her grip, and pulled my foreskin right back, sliding her hands as far down my cock as they would go as a long rope of cum was squirted out, followed by two smaller squirts all landing on my lower torso.
"Oh yeah that's nice. Let me see more of your cum."
Zoe started pumping me, and I continued cumming, coating the back of her fingers and hands. "Was that nice?"
"Incredible!"
I am quite sure that Zoe knew what she was doing, as that felt absolutely fantastic! (You should try it yourself.) Zoe was still pumping my cock.
"Have you finished cumming Toby?" "Yeah."
"I will just wash my hands, and get a flannel and clean you up."
Zoe disappeared into the bathroom. I can't see the sink from where I am, but as Zoe disappeared, I could make out her reflection in the tiles, and I could see her lift her hands to her face!
Zoe cleaned me up and continued putting me to bed.
"Thanks, Zoe. Have a nice evening." "I already have! Night, Toby."
She winked and flashed me a cheeky smile as she switched the light off. I have seen her since and it's just like nothing has happened.
Also, just the other day, Kathy hooked me up to the standaid to transfer me to my wheelchair. My penis was almost flaccid when I felt some precum coming out. I looked down as Kathy was raising me up, and sure enough some precum was coming out. This made me feel quite horny, and I felt my penis starting to grow. By this point, Kathy had finished raising me up. My penis was about at the halfway stage now. Unfortunately there wasn't enough precum to warrant a drip, which I have wanted to do in front of Kathy for a long time, but the precum had made my foreskin slippery, and it slipped over my penis head. I was still nowhere near fully erect though. Kathy pulled my boxers and trousers up.
So I do seem to be precumming a bit more, but not as much as I would like, hence taking the 'Pygeum' as it can, apparently, make you precum quite a lot. Shame that it doesn't agree with me, as I was really quite excited at the thought of Kathy seeing me precum. I have just started taking 'Celery seed' now, as I have read that celery seed can also increase precum. So, let's hope it works, so that I can precum in front of Kathy, as I don't think that I will ever set myself up to cum in front of her.
(Unless by accident!)