I lay there panting for a few moments, then am lifted off of him and sat down on a chair. I am told that I need to choose one of the woman, and I am led, a man either side of me around the room. All of the woman look incredible, nipples stiff and pussies wet with honey. I stop at a beautiful woman with long auburn hair, beautiful creamy white skin, large pert tits, huge nipples and a pussy that has clearly been worked hard. I nod, and she is brought in to the room. She is told to climb on to the table and lie down and I climb on top, my pussy directly over her mouth.
I lower myself slowly down and she sticks her tongue out tentatively to taste me. Clearly enjoying the taste, she starts to lick more forcibly with long strokes, and before I know it she is eating me out like a pro and I am grinding my pussy against her mouth. Her own pussy looks so inviting and I open it up with my fingers and start sucking on her lips, drawing them into my mouth so that her legs start to shake and then giving her long, langorous licks, eventually settling on her clit which I nibble and suck until her juices start to flow freely. I can't help but slide my fingers in too, her cunt looks so inviting, and her hips buck underneath me against the onslaught of fingers and mouth.
When we have both cum several times, I am told to climb off and she is told to get on all fours on the floor. Someone straps a large dildo to me, and I am told that I am to fuck her arse. She looks round at me, her eyes wide as I kneel behind her, and a gaze down at the dildo which looks huge to me. I give her a half smile, and am relieved to see her smile back. I rub the dildo against her pussy to start with, coating it in her juices, and then position it at her ass hole, and very gently start to push. She is bracing herself to take it, and gradually, the tip starts to penetrate the tight hole and I manage to ease it inside her. She lets out a low gutteral growl as I do so, and when whimpers as I ease it further inside. Now I start to slide it gently back and forth, and as i do so one of the men kneels in front of her and gives her his cock to suck.
The more the rhythm builds, the more she begins to enjoy it - and so does everyone else. The camera pans from a close up of the dildo sliding in and out of her tight arse hole, then to a shot of my lust-filled face and my tits bouncing as I fuck her more forcibly, then round to her mouth sucking greedily on the cock, her moans muffled and increasingly loud as she sucks for all she is worth, then to her large tits which are jerking and swaying freely beneath her. After several minutes of this the man is ready to cum and he pulls out to spray his spunk all over her hair and face.
I slow down and catch my breath, then very gently slide the dildo out. Someone removes it from me, and I crawl round to face her, tenderly wiping the cum out of her hair and licking it off her face, before we kiss passionately, tongues and teeth clashing. We just can't help it, both of us are so horny and we start rubbing our tits together and finger fucking each others pussies. We both cum like this several times before she is led away. I am helped on to the table, and I have a passing thought that maybe this is it, surely there can't be any more spunk left in the room, but it appears I am to be wrong one last time.
The tallest of the men in the room pulls out his cock. it is beautiful, long, thick and smooth and he starts to wank himself right in front of my face, making my mouth water. Moving round the table, two of the men seize me ankles and lift my legs so they are right up over my face. The man takes the tip of his cock, looks me straight in the eye and rubs it through my pussy lips, making me shudder and moan with pleasure and anticipation. He does this several times, and then without warning slams it inside me and starts to fuck me furiously, grunting hard, pounding my pussy, his balls slapping noisily against my arse.
I am lost in the sensations ripping through me, and I can only bear to glance at the screen above me because the image of my cunt being fucked is so intense. The guy fucking me notices this, and tells me to keep my eyes wide open and watch....it is sensory overload for me - his cock sliding in and out, pulling at the lips of my pussy, my juices coating him, the men either side of me who have given up their clipboards and are all stroking their cocks as they watch, the women all around the room coming all over the camera lenses....I am coming so intensely that I can see my juices welling up around his cock, and I am still coming as his cock grows absolutely rigid and I feel it pulsating as his hot spunk shoots up inside me....