Welcome to Chapter 2 of what will be a seven-part series. As Chapter 1 was, this is told from two points of view, and if you're looking just for the raunchy stuff, it starts midway through this installment. If the thought of a romance between a Black man and a white woman somehow creates negative feelings in you, please admit it to yourself and acknowledge this probably isn't the story for you. If none of the above scared you off, then please read on and enjoy!
--
Christina had at least been smart enough two do two things: not wear high heels on a boat and not compound the rolling swells in New York Harbor by drinking to excess.
In contrast, the woman across from her was in Steve Madden stilettos, vodka tonic perched precariously between lacquered fingernails, talking about her husband for what seemed like the fourth consecutive minute without even breathing.
Christina had stopped listening around minute two.
"And who are you here with, dear?"
Only after thedeardid Christina gather that the question was addressed to her.
"I'm here with my partner, but if you're asking which of us is the lawyer, that's me. I'm a senior associate in the M&A practice."
The woman's face turned the color of Ronald McDonald's hair. It probably hadn't been that shade since she'd forgotten to apply sunscreen a year or two ago in Montauk, Christina supposed.
"But I know Rick quite well," she said, referring to Richard Stevens by his familiar nickname, "Even though we're in different departments. How's Heather doing at Harvard?"
She watched the woman - Philippa Stevens, or "Pip the Squeaky," as Rick sometimes referred to her - try to untangle her shoe-polish black hair while the breeze did its best to counter her efforts.
"She...um, she's taking a break, actually."
"I have an extra hair clip in my purse. Would you like it?" Christina was twisting the knife now. Heather Stevens had failed out of Harvard in spectacular fashion the previous spring, which was also probably the last time that Pip the Squeaky had disturbed her Brazilian blowout with an updo.
"Um...no. No, thank you." The woman was looking around frantically, as if the mostly-empty deck and the distant Statue of Liberty would somehow will her husband into being present. "I actually was thinking of heading to...to the bar, for a refill."
Bless her heart, Christina thought. Philippa had actually had to pause in mid-sentence for a hiccup. And then announced she was going for another drink anyway.
"I think Rick was up by the bow with some of the other litigation partners," she said.
A larger swell hit, and the woman grabbed the rail with her spare hand. She stared at Christina uncomprehendingly.
"That's the front," said Christina.
"Oh," said Philippa Stevens, eyes coming back to New York City in 2022 A.D. "Thank you. It was nice meeting you, Christina."
"Likewise," she said with a smile.Always smile, she heard her mother's voice say.Even if you're doing it instead of screaming.
She turned to the railing, watching the propeller churn the green-gray water. A black, capri-length romper hadn't been the most elegant of choices, but it also meant Christina could stand out here on the stern without the sundress-clad Betties and Philippas of the partner-wives club.
"Who wasshe?"
The voice came from over Christina's right shoulder.
"Philippa Stevens. Rick's wife," Christina responded. "That's what you get after pickling your brain on the shores of Long Island for three decades."
Shira Weiss made a pretend shocked face. "Christina!"
"What?" She shrugged. "It's nothing Rick wouldn't tell you himself if you bothered to open your office door and speak to anyone."
"Says you, honey. When were you last in the office?"
"Today. And when are you going to send me the consolidated markup of the Project Aurora APA?"
"Today." Shira gathered her shoulder-length curls and twisted them into a messy bun. "Windy out here. Happen to have a hair tie?"
"You know damn well I do, lady."
"Then maybe you can hand it over and check your email, wherein you will find a consolidated markup of an asset purchase agreement, ready to go to the client."
Christina flipped the elastic hair tie to her fingers and handed it to her colleague.
"You don't miss much, do you?"
Shira looked at her.Down, Christina realized, which was not their normal orientation. "You've been working with me for five years, Chris. You should know by now whether or not I miss much."
"Ouch. Well, I missed those heels that you're somehow able to walk in while on a fucking boat. Jimmy Choo? Also, did you really say 'wherein"?"
"Welcome to this episode of Mid-Level Associate Sasses Senior Associate, wherein our heroine Shira Weiss acknowledges saying 'wherein,' nods appreciatively at her senior associate for a correct ID on her shoes, and points out that she's been practically living in heels due to unfortunately topping out at five feet two inches."
"What else goes on in this episode?"
Shira looked past Christina's shoulder. "Our heroine asks her colleague in a quiet voice if she knows the super-hot guy approaching said colleague from behind."
Christina turned her head just in time to see the man slide into place alongside her.
"Shira, this is my boyfriend Vaughn," she said. "Vaughn, this is Shira Weiss."
--
Vaughn was surprised by the petite woman's firm handshake but not by the broad smile. He'd seen her eyes give him a quick up-and-down as he approached Christina and hoped his own version of the same had gone unnoticed.
"It's nice to put a face to the name," he said. "I'm sorry for all the emails she sends you at ten-thirty at night."
"And I'm sorry for the replies I send at eleven," came the reply from the woman called Shira. It was a never-left-New York diction, the kind that elided "Long Island" into a single word,LonGisland."I hope she doesn't read them out loud or anything. At least, if you're actually intending to stay awake."
"At eleven? I'm two days away from forty. The sounds of that woman typing or the Yankees in extra innings are about all that keeps me awake at eleven these days."
"Oh lord, not another Yankees fan." He saw the petite woman's eyes flick in Christina's direction and felt his girlfriend's hand slide into his.
"I know how to pick 'em, Shira."
"Wait," said Vaughn. "Didn't you say this chick was your friend?"
"She puts up with my flaws," said Christina. "I put up with hers."
"Guys, guys," said Shira. "I'm right here. And I'm from Long Island."LonGisland."I'm allowed to root for the Mets."
"And I'm allowed to chain-smoke unfiltered Marlboros in my free time," said Christina. "Which doesn't make it a smart thing to do, so I don't do it."
"Jerry Seinfeld is a Mets fan," said Shira.
"And Jay-Z is a Yankees guy," replied Vaughn.
"Oh, you mean 50 Cent?" Christina's eyes had a playful glint.
"Huh?" Shira shook her head and looked at Vaughn.
"Inside joke," he replied. "Girl lives in Brooklyn and doesn't know the difference between '99 Problems' and 'Candy Shop.' Sacrilege, right?"
Shira turned to Christina with feigned shock. "Those emails? I'll start sending them at eleven-thirty."
"And I'll start replying to them with voicemails if you do," said Christina. "Remember, honey, I can in fact determine your work assignments."
"Vaughn, if she even thinks about calling me at eleven-thirty to leave a voicemail, can you maybe find something else for her to do?"
Vaughn saw Christina's face turn beet-red, but her mouth lift into a grin.
"My my," he said. "I doubt I could. Like I said, I'm usually asleep by then."
He had to give it to her: the little short-stack white girl sure had some sass on her. And a nice pair of tits that weren't exactly well-hidden by her dress, not that he'd be mentioning the latter point to Christina later in their inevitable debrief.
"Christina plays her cards pretty close to her chest, you know." The short-stack was talking again. "So I know some about you, but all she said about what you do for a living is that it's 'boring as all hell' - that's a quote - and that I should ask you when I meet you."
"I work in finance, dealing primarily with commercial real estate investments. Unless you like the specifics of real estate investment, it's just a game of spreadsheets. And if you've seen one pivot table, you've seen them all."
The woman laughed now, her glance again checking Christina's reaction.
"So yes," concluded Vaughn, "what she said about my job being boring as all hell was in fact true."
"But I suspect the partners inside the warm cabin drinking their faces off didn't mind hearing about it."
"They did not," he confirmed. "One sentence out of my mouth and the whole room be like 'Prospective client. One o'clock. Three miles an hour and closing fast. Steady as she goes. Ready the email.'"
It was Christina's turn to laugh, a sound that brought instant relaxation to Vaughn. At least she wasn't sweating this conversation.
"See, he has flaws, too," she said. "Boring job, terrible impersonations of our bosses. On and on." She looked up at him. "Where were you, anyway? Being professionally flirted with by old men that whole time?"
"That and the bar," he replied. "And then looking at the skyline while taking my time getting back here."
There was something about the nighttime Manhattan skyline that had always appealed to Vaughn. It was like an illuminated beehive, irregularities smoothed out by dark edges and its million twinkling lights. Seen from off the Battery, it flickered and twinkled like the whole damn thing was one giant ship preparing to set sail.
"Speaking of the bar," he heard Christina say, "it's probably late enough for me to break the glass on my sobriety tonight. Shira?"
"I'll stay here. Better outside than in."
"I asked what you wanted to drink, not whether you were coming."
Vaughn chuckled. "I'll get the drinks, ladies, at peril of being on the receiving end of sales pitches. Ms. Weiss, what will it be?"
"White wine, please."
Christina blinked at him, placed her palm on his chest, and winked, but spoke in Shira's direction.
"Baby, you knowexactlywhat I like," she said, letting her Tennessee drawl surface and turn the final two syllables into a syrupy-smoothAh lahk.
--
"So, that's Vaughn," Christina said.
"Keeper," was Shira's one-word reply.
"Oh?"
"Keeper," the petite woman repeated. "And if you don't want to, I have about five friends who'd be interested, so...um, yeah."
Christina felt a blush cross her face. "Anything besides the looks, or are you really that shallow, Miss Weiss?"
"Looks? Fuck that, Chris. That man's voice should be reading every ad you hear on the radio. Plus half the voiceovers for male leads in cartoons."
"You've got a point there." There were times when Christina would close her eyes just listen to her partner's sonorous baritone, almost indifferent to the specific syllables. Talking, singing, it hardly made a difference.
"Plus he's funny, plus he's a good dresser. Plus the way he looks at you."
"The way he looks at me?"
"He looks at you like he's a wine collector and you're the most expensive, rare vintage imaginable, and he has no idea whether to pick you up and spin you around and tell you you're the nicest bottle of wine he could have ever imagined or to just pop the cork and drink the fuck out of you right then and there."
The boat rolled slightly and Christina caught the railing for balance. She saw Shira do the same, followed by a powerful wince.
"You okay?"
"Fine," said Shira, clearly otherwise.
"Sure?"
"Yes. Want the over-shared version, noseypants?"
"I don't see why not. Not like anyone is going to overhear us, right?"
Christina looked up, at the lights all around the boat; at the skyline of Manhattan; at Brooklyn and New Jersey in opposite directions. Around the deck, the vague cacophony from the party room inside competing with the engine's steady rumble. In a city of millions and on a boat with dozens, there was not a single person who could hear them.
"Fine," said Shira, voice turning to her matter-of-fact business voice. "I got my nipples pierced a few weeks ago and one of them caught on my bra just now."
If Christina had had a drink, she would've spit it out.
"Well, that wasn't the response I expected!"
Christina didn't mean for her eyes to drift downward, but they did.
Shira sighed. "You can ask. We're firmly out of the realm of appropriate workplace topics, anyway, and I can tell you're wondering. So go ahead."
"Fine. Are they...fun?"
"They are. Aside from catching on a bra because I forgot that lace is not your friend with barbells, yes. Christian is a rather big fan."
"Speaking of, when do I get to meet this gentleman?"
"Pretty soon, I'd imagine. He said he was just going to the bathroom. But, knowing Christian, he's probably in there lost in conversation with someone from law school or some shit."
"Well, fine. We can just stand here talking about men, or..."
"Or what, mark up a document for some billion-dollar fund? Come on, Chris. We're attending-without-attending a work event. This is like sneaking out when you're already grounded."
A man was approaching them, this time along the railing behind Shira. Six feet or so, lean. Dark suit, no tie, white shirt.
"Hi," he said while extending his right hand to Christina and placing his left on the small of Shira's back. "I'm Christian White."
Christina felt a slight skip in her chest.Thiswas the guy Shira casually mentioned in conversation as "Chris the Litigation Drone?"
"Guy Chris, meet girl Chris. Girl Chris, this is my boyfriend. Boyfriend, this is one of my bosses."
"Nice to meet you," said Shira's boyfriend.
"You as well. I understand you work down the street from us?"
"Ah, yeah. She told me not to talk about being the competition. But yeah. High floors at a big ugly building across from what passes for a park that far down in Manhattan."
High cheekbones, wide nose bridge, beautifully shaved head in a nice caramel tone. Firm handshake but not an aggressive palm-crusher. Smiling. She shot Shira a look.
"Oh, I know the firm," Christina said. "Better hours than most places in New York, good bonuses, no chance of advancement."
"You got it," said Christian. "And famous for a wayward summer associate party involving a boat."
"Aquagirl," said Christina, nodding.
"Aquagirl," he said.
"Aquagirl?" replied Shira.
"Aquagirl was the nickname for an unfortunately over-served summer associate at my firm maybe fifteen years ago. There was a party on one of these boats at Chelsea Piers. She ended up peeling off her dress and jumping into the Hudson in her underwear."
"And getting fished out by the cops," added Christina.
"Indeed," said the besuited litigator. "So next time Shira tells you my workplace is anti-fun, know that there's a reason for it."
"I do not -"
"Ah, Miss Weiss, but you did," he replied. His eyes turned to Christina. "Get this. I'd been trying to get her attention for like two years during law school. Girl wouldn't give me the time of day. I hit up this reunion - I mean, it's NYU Law, it's a lot of people, even in the shadow of COVID - and she walks right up. For some reason the alumni association printed our nametags with our name and our employer's name, like somehow those are the two things that anyone absolutely must know about us. Shira here looks at the law firm name on my tag and says 'Hm, but aren't they anti-fun?'"
"It wasn't the best pick-up line," said Shira, face reddening. "But in my defense, it wasn't intended as one."
Christina spotted her own man approaching in her peripheral vision and the immediate distraction it caused both Shira and Christian. "Wait, wait," she said. "How the hell did that end up with you two getting together?"
"I just said they make exceptions," replied Christian.
"And I did give him the time of day that night," said Shira. "Plus a whole lot more."
Christina saw Christian shake his head in mock disappointment, but it didn't hide the smile that went all the way to his eyes.
--
Vaughn clocked the dude standing with Tina and Shira right away. Familiar, but couldn't place him. No matter; that's what socially-adept people like Christina Waverley, Esq. were good at smoothing over.
He handed Shira an over-filled goblet. "Chardonnay, which was the only thing they offered me as to white wines."
"Thank you, sir," she said. "I wasn't supposing they'd have much of a wine list on a boat, after all."
"You're welcome." He extended his hand to Christina, who plucked a tumbler with cappuccino-colored liquid from it.
"Impressive," she said. "I was wondering how you'd carry three drinks in glasses."
He quickly sipped cognac from his own glass, again trying to place the man standing next to Shira.
"Sorry," Christina said. "I should have introduced you two. Christian, this is my boyfriend Vaughn Ashford. Vaughn, Christian White."
The man nodded to Vaughn as mutual recognition set in. He felt a distant memory return, warm but also bittersweet.
"I didn't recognize you without the helmet," said Christian White. He was smaller than Vaughn remembered, although everyone looks smaller without full football pads. Of course, it had been more than fifteen years. They went for something halfway between a handshake and a hug. "Damn, man, I think the last time I saw you, you damn near killed me."
"Wait, wait," he heard Christina say. "You guys already know each other?"
Both men laughed.
"Yeah, like he said, I damn near killed the man. My second-to-last football game ever, actually. We're down at Florida. Hell of a place to play. They're up something like twenty-four points already. We're in cover-two..."
"Sweetie," interjected Christina, "Do you have any idea what cover-two is?"
"I think," Shira responded, "It's either something to do with making a bed, or it's some football thing."
"It's a defense," said Christian, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Means safeties like my man Trevon here can sit way back, wait for the dumb fuck of a QB - pardon my French - to lob the ball over the linebackers, and then proceed to decapitate innocent receivers like me. Which he nearly did."
"Ah, man, I didn't even get a penalty for that."
"Truth, and back then that was a clean hit."
"Yeah, but bro? I assure you, I ain't feel good about it." Vaughn felt Christina's eyes swing to him. This was football, the world he'd consciously left behind, almost never thought about, and even more rarely talked about.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. Why would I feel good about it? I was already halfway out the door. Life after football, you know. What were you, a redshirt freshman?"
"Sophomore."
"Yeah, and you had legit NFL skills. I didn't want to mess with a dude's career, with his living. Man, when your helmet went flying..." Vaughn shook his head. It was like it was yesterday. The man before him, younger then, rolling around on impossibly green Florida grass, legs curled up under him, crowd noise slamming to a stunned silence. His teammates starting to celebrate.
"I remember what you did after the play. 'Bout all I remember for fifteen minutes on either side, but I remember. I been hit a thousand times since. Never that hard. And no NFL safety ever,evercrouched down next to me and helped me sit up. Not even in practice when the hitting got too rough."
Vaughn noticed the women exchange a glance but couldn't read it.
"I'm glad you were okay, man. Seriously."
"Ha, me too. Seriously."
"Ladies, we're boring you." Vaughn meant it as a statement rather than a question.
"You're not," replied Christina.
"Me neither," said Shira. "Chris doesn't want anyone to know that he played in the NFL, much less talk about it more than once in a blue moon."
"Because it's over, baby. It was never quite my scene," the man said. "It was a job, not something I wanted to do 24/7. And that's what the league is. Requires."
"As opposed to Big Law?" Christina's voice sounded more dubious than Vaughn really would have liked.
"I can stay up 'til two o'clock drafting a brief but I don't have trouble getting out of bed the next morning. Terrible feeling to be twenty-four years old and feel like getting your hips to obey your mind is an actual difficult thing."
"Oh. Is it...really like that?" Vaughn watched her sip the White Russian, her full lips engaged on the glass but her eyes never moving.
"Yeah. And the older you get and the bigger you are, the worse it is. So a second-year wide receiver is pretty far down the pain scale. But look, like I said, it's over. I mean, I'll talk about it if y'all really want to, but really I just wanted to reminisce with Mr. Ashford here and put a little respect on his name."
"And I appreciate that," Vaughn heard himself say. "Especially from a dude who made it in the league."
Christian White nodded. It occurred to Vaughn that his surname and his girlfriend's were the same word in different languages - Shira Weiss, Christian White. If they got married, would she change her name? Would it even be worth bothering?
Finally White spoke. "So what got you to New York? Weren't you one of the local dudes on that Vandy team?"
"Work, man. Get a finance MBA and there's one obvious place to start."
The shorter man laughed. "Go to NYU Law, and you get the same outcome. Didn't even move when I graduated."
"Exactly, exactly." This was not a night Vaughn expected to feel relaxed. Between it being the first work event he'd attended with Tina and his own crunch of upcoming closings, the headspace just wasn't right. But damn if he wasn't enjoying talking to someone from his past. "Question being, you drink the Big Apple Kool-Aid, or this just work for you?"
Christian looked at Shira, who was now mid-sentence in a side discussion with Vaughn's own woman, and then at the Manhattan skyline looming to starboard.
"Two years ago, I'd be straight with you and say it was all business. See if I can make the cut in the large law firm world, then bet on myself from there. But damn if life don't have a way of changing things, right?"
It was Vaughn's turn to nod. Yeah, life had a way of changing things. Specifically, the women standing next to them had a way of changing things.
"So that's a yeah on the Kool-Aid?"
"Nah, I ain't moving to Guyana and killing my damn self, if literal's your style," replied Christian. "Rather take a thousand of those concussions you dishing out."
"Rather skip them both," said Vaughn. He flashed his eyes to the rapidly emptying glasses in the women's hands. "And I thought you got downfield fast."
"Thought you could cover, my man."
"Nah, that's why I make sure when I get where I need to go, I hit it hard and don't let up."
Christian White raised his glass. "And for a minute there, I thought you were talking about football."
"Nah," said Vaughn. "Like you said, all in the past. Here and now, now that's my scene."
--
The boat had turned back toward the East River, not that either of the men appeared to have noticed.
"So," Christina said, "now that they'll be talking about football or whatever they'll be talking about, should we go and make sure we do our face time?"
"You mean talk to the Dinosaurs?"
"Yes, but probably best not to call the partners that to their faces."The Dinosaurshad long been Christina and Shira's collective name for the older male partners in their office. But it had never before left the walls of their individual offices. She looked down, the boat's propeller stirring up white foam beneath.
"Why not? You know a few of them call us 'The Deal Twins,' right?"
Christina looked up. "I didn't. Really?"
"Let's walk," said Shira. She patted Christian on the arm, and he and Vaughn each acknowledged the women's departure.
Shira ran her fingers on the boat's outer railing, tapping her manicured nails.
"Yes. I mean, in a way I can't blame them, right? I mean, you're way prettier, but we both have long wavy hair, same body type, neither of us exactly blessed in the height department, both of us doing quite well in other departments. Including work competence. Dress similarly, tonight aside. Same introversion, same sarcasm."
"But we're different people."
Shira shrugged. "It's a law firm. Associates come, associates go. Dinosaurs are forever."
Christina looked at the sky, where a clear night in Tennessee would feature stars. Here, light pollution blotted out all but the brightest.
"Shira?"
"Yeah?"
"Are we friends?" She lowered her gaze. "I mean, obviously we're like work-friends. But are we friends-friends?"
"I... well, I'd like to be."
"I would too," said Christina. "Seeing as our boyfriends seem to be executing the same maneuver, we should probably actually make an effort."
"Ooh, but aren't you sorta-kinda my boss?"
"I'm more senior than you are. But we're both beholden to the Dinosaurs."
They stopped along the ship's waist, where a large door emitted seventies-era rock music into the warm night. "Speaking of." Shira pointed to Rick Stevens, speaking cheek-to-cheek with a woman who was not his inebriated wife.
"Wait, before we go in. Shira?"
"Yes?" She raised her voice slightly to get past a guitar riff from Bachman Turner Overdrive.
"Keeper." She waited, hoping her unsolicited opinion of Shira's boyfriend hadn't stepped over a line.
"See, wearefriends. I wanted your opinion and didn't even need to ask." Shira tilted the last of the wine back. Christina watched the pale liquid vanish, followed by a tight expression on the smaller woman's strong-featured face.
"That bad?"
"The wine isn't. The thought of going in there is." She turned back to the water, where they were slipping past the Battery, yellow-white lamps blazing in all directions.
"Then don't. Not yet. Wait until I finish mine," Christina said. She held aloft her half-consumed drink.
"I love bad excuses that still suffice." Shira moved back to the railing, leaning her elbows on it. "But that means you get to drink while I ask the questions."
"Go ahead," said Christina. Her mind flashed to the rear of the ship, where Vaughn and Christian would - she hoped - still be deep in conversation. She had seen on his face earlier that even coming to this event was a chore, and she couldn't blame him: hours of unwanted socializing on a Friday evening after a long week were hardly her idea of fun, either. But having him here felt right, and she'd seen his face light up when he and Shira's man dove deep into their pasts.
"What do your parents think of him?"
"I'm sorry?" The directness of the question had caught Christina off guard.
"Vaughn. How do your parents feel about...ugh, you know."
"Oh, they know absolutely nothing. We've only been seeing each other for two months."
Shira's dark eyebrows shot skyward. "Wait, really? You two seem like it's been years!"
"Two months." Christina felt the alcohol warm her as she took another sip. "Seems like both two weeks and two years, though, to be honest."
"I know what you mean. I mean, time flies when you're having fun, I guess?"
"Come on, Shira. You can do better than that." She swigged the cocktail. Her head was feeling warmer now, getting closer to poor decisions. "Almost done. Fifteen minutes in there, show my face, and then you're going to make sure I get out before this stuff hits me."
"Fine with me. Oh, if we're friends..." She trailed off.
"What?"
"Those nails. We're fixing them. I know you bite them, but come on. You free tomorrow morning?"
Christina raised a hand to her face. There wasn't anything terrible about her nails in her mind, but Shira was right about the biting, and it showed in chips and cracks, plus uneven lengths.
"Well, it's Vaughn's birthday this weekend, so it'll be a nice surprise. Where and when?"
"I'll send you the address." She grinned. "On your phone, not your work email. Now bottoms up, lady."
Christina's eyes never traveled from the bitten-off nail on her index finger as her glass went skyward.
--
The large room smelled like sweat and spilled beer. Vaughn's eyes scanned the room for Christina, ears adjusting to the thumping of whatever it was that had passed for musical taste in frat houses thirty years ago.
Christian walked by his side. Their heads shook in unison.
"Man," Vaughn said. "You see them yet? This is just not it, man."
"No lie. Not enough free alcohol in the world to keep me here. Like, see that lady over there? She can't even sit straight. Ah."
Vaughn followed his new friend's gaze to where Christina and Shira had begun to weave their way through the thinning crowd. Watching his girlfriend walk across a room hadn't gotten old yet, and he doubted it would: the swing of her hips, the way she held her shoulders, the broad grin now crossing her face. And having a near-echo following immediately behind her didn't hurt the image, either.
"Ready?" There was alcohol on her breath, but not too much. Questionable decisions coming, not outright sloppiness.
"For what? Gonna jump off the boat?"
He saw Christian already with an arm casually around Shira's waist, heading for the door. The music changed over to some '80s mess - Bon Jovi, maybe - and he grabbed Christina's hand to follow.
"Why," she said when they reached the relative quiet outside, "you want me to?"
"Hell of a story, but nah. I'd rather keep you right here. Get done what you needed in there?"
"I talked to enough dinosaurs to re-enactJurassic Park, so yes. I mean, look: I just need people to remember I was there, not get pissed off at me, and forget anything we talked about. Oh, and because they're men sliding towards the wrong side of middle age, I have to look good doing it."
They were walking towards the stern, away from the small crowd that had gathered along one rail as the lights of Lower Manhattan slid past to starboard.
"What'd you think of Shira?"
Vaughn hadn't expected that one.
"Don't know that it matters, Tina. She's your friend, not mine."
"I didn't say it mattered, but I want your opinion anyway."
"Well, Chris is all about that woman. He wasn't kidding about chasing her for years in law school, but he seems damn glad that he landed the one he wanted."
"So you don't like her, I take it?"
Out of view of the rest of the party, Vaughn slid his hand down to Christina's booty and let it sit. Felt the motion of the muscle as she walked.
"Mmmm," she said. "Daring, Mr. Ashford."
"Just taking my opportunities, counselor."
"You'll get your chances. Don't worry, baby." She rose up to her tiptoes, planting a gentle peck on his lips. "Sooner than later, but not quite yet."
"And if the later opportunities are less compelling?"
"Then you'll just have to settle for Shira. If you can pry her loose from her man, that is. Don't worry, I'm not judging you for looking." She closed one blue eye, letting the wink turn from saucy to almost conspiratorial. "Or are you still going to claim you don't like her?"
"Fine, fine. Yeah, she's the second best-looking woman here, and yeah, she's right up my alley. Gonna play like my man Christian didn't pique your fancy a bit?"
"Second best-looking man here tonight Christian White, you mean?"
"That's the dude."
"They're adorable together," she said. The boat was slowing as it approached their departure point. "We should probably join the crowd."
"Sure thing, boss." Vaughn slid his hand from behind her body to a more G-rated position. Squeezed the smaller hand now interlaced with his.
"Whatever,MisterAshford." Her expression changed. "Look, before I forget to, thank you for coming to this. Nobody in their right mind would want to be marooned on a boat with a bunch of drunk lawyers. But you handled it super well. I got so many compliments from the Dinosaurs - that's the older partners - on how much they enjoyed meeting you."
"Ha. Dinosaurs. Careful, there. Our age gap is nothing to sneeze at, Tina."
"Seven years? I mean, you're officially a fossil when you hit forty, but come on." She flashed a row of even, white teeth and gave his hand another squeeze. "Don't worry, I don't necessarily mind fossils. As long as their minds aren't stuck in the past. And yours, Vaughn, is decidedly not."
He pondered that comment as they approached what was now a mass of humanity gathered on the narrow deck. Shira and Christian were off to one side, leaving an obvious place to slide in alongside.
He found himself guided in right next to Christian, who dropped him a quick fist-bump.
"It looks like we're a crowd of immigrants arriving in America for the first time," Shira was saying. "Crowded at the rail, waiting to see New York for the first time..."
Vaughn doubted most steerage passengers arriving on the short hop after processing at Ellis Island would smell like Chardonnay or be in low-cut dresses and hanging off the arm of an ex-professional athlete. But he didn't say anything, instead squeezing Tina's hand again.
"Not how my ancestors arrived here, baby," he heard Christian say, almost inaudibly.
From the rapid inhalation from Christina, Vaughn could tell she too was listening.
"I'm...I'm..." Shira had turned, the blush spreading outward and turning her entire face crimson.
"It's what it is," Christian replied. "And besides, like a wise man was saying earlier, all in the past. Let's not kill a decent vibe here, baby."
"I'll shut up, then," Shira Weiss replied as the boat bumped softly off the dock.
"And I'll get our Uber," Vaughn said, turning to Christina and whipping out his phone. He paused, tapping the familiar buttons and getting a confirmation. "White Camry Hybrid. Four minutes. Driver's name is Florent. Be right back, though."
--
The Uber arrived before Vaughn returned. Shira and Christian were waiting with Christina, their own ride also stillen route.Around them, co-workers waved hasty farewells and piled into waiting taxis and cars.
Then came Vaughn, slowly over the ramp from the excursion boat, arm wrapped around an unsteady Philippa Stevens, carrying most of her weight as her husband guided her in the right direction.
"Oh, dear," said Shira, covering her mouth.
Christina eyeballed the direction her boyfriend and the Dinosaur were lugging the latter's semi-conscious wife. It was a large Mercedes sedan, a liveried driver manning the open rear door and looking unbothered.
Her eyes met Rick's. Something in his gaze prompted her to look away. She did, waving to the arriving Camry and opening the rear door.
"You're looking for Vaughn?"
"Yes, I am Florent," the driver responded. His English was thickly accented.
"He'll be here in a minute. I'm his girlfriend."
"You may get in. There is water in the cupholder if you wish." She tried to place the accent - African, not Caribbean. Not a native English speaker.
A moment later, Vaughn slid in next to her. "Sorry about that," he said, hand landing on Christina's thigh. "Rick had asked me to help, so I thought I'd score you some professional goodwill."
She kissed him briefly on the lips. "You're a good man, Vaughn Ashford." And she meant it: between helping a middle-aged man move an overserved woman to safe transport home and the story Christian had told about Vaughn helping him in college twenty years ago, the evidence was quickly mounting in favor of her man being a genuinely compassionate person.
"You are going to Brooklyn, yes? Near the Barclays Center?"
"Yes, please," replied Christina. She caught the driver's glance in the rearview. Bright, alert eyes. Round face, high cheekbones and a double chin. A man of maybe fifty who spent far too much time in a seated position. She watched his eyes flick from her to Vaughn in the mirror, and then back to the road as the hybrid silently pulled away.
She folded her fingers back into Vaughn's, lifting it and kissing the back of his strong hand.
"So, what all did you talk to Christian about? Y'all seem tight now."
The streets of lower Manhattan began to slide past, the tortuous crosstown traffic sliding past at its usual crawl.
"Honestly? Y'all, a lot of the time. Says Shira tells him you might be the smartest person she's ever met."
"I'm not."
"I wouldn't bet against it, Tina. We were comparing notes, seeing if the stories we heard about the work spouses lined up." Outside, a few raindrops had begun to splatter the Toyota's windows.
"Did they?"
"Yeah. Per the grapevine, you dropped a 'bless your heart' on a client's CEO on a Zoom call with thirty people when he commented on your hair."
"Wrong," she said. "It was 'bless your dear little heart.'"
"Did he get it?"
"Did he understand that I'd just called him a fucking sexist dumbass in so many words? Nah. But that's the beauty of being from Tennessee. Nobody understands a damn thing we say, right?" She let her accent ride on the last sentence.
She felt Vaughn move his large hand back to her thigh. "You know I don't complain when you let the girl from Signal Mountain out, right?"
"Oh, I know. Makes you feel right at home, doesn't it?"Raht at home.
"Nah. That's different parts, Tee."
"Bless your dear little heart, Vaughn Ashford."
"Attagirl."
"Fine," she said. "If y'all gossip about us, what is it about you that I don't know? Hidden talent? Can you tie a cherry stem in a knot with your tongue?"
"I wish," he said. "Bet you could find a use for that skill. But nah."
"Then what?"
"Eh, Florent? Qu'est-ce que pensez-vous? Elle est jolie, ou non?"
"Oui. Trés."
"Savez-vous qu'elle est une salope?"
"Vraimant?"
"Peut-être. Peut-être non."
"You speak French," she said.
"A bit."
"Enlighten me?"
"My freshman roommate at UT was a basketball player from Senegal. I taught him to pick up American women. He taught me French."
"Who got the better end of that deal?"
Vaughn laughed. "The sistas. When you share two hundred square feet with a man who's six-ten, only been in the States a year, and is making up for lost time, you witness certain things. Skill level was high." He paused. "Mamadou is also decent at basketball. And a fantastic human being."
"What were you saying just now?"
Florent the driver spoke. "We were saying you were very pretty, mademoiselle."
"Among other things," said Vaughn.
"C'est vrai," said Florent with a grin.
"That's true," translated Christina's boyfriend.
"Listen," she said. "It's your birthday this weekend, so I have a surprise for you. At home."
"Thought we going to my place."
"Uh huh."
"Enlighten me, counselor."
"When you hear the adjective 'Brazilian,' what do you think of?"
Vaughn raised an eyebrow. "Decent soccer players is second."
"And first?"
"Not the worst way to kick off a birthday weekend."
"Nope." She ran her hand along his leg, spreading her fingers wide on his thigh. "I mean, really fucking good Yankees tickets on Sunday are nice, but what's better than 'really fucking good,' Mister Ashford?"
"Just switch those last two words, Tina, and you got your answer."
Christina felt a rush through her core. The verbal teasing and the alcohol were doing more than she'd intended. If they hadn't been in an Uber, things would be in a way different situation, and fast.
"Don't make that face," Vaughn said. "It ain't that far to get home."
"Spoken like a true Dinosaur."
"Watch it, counselor. Gonna get that whooty red if you ain't careful."
"Who gets the better end of that deal?"
"Me, lady. Not by much, though."
"Florent," she said, "can you believe this guy?"
The driver said nothing but let a grin convey that he'd understood.
"Monsieur,"he said. "Dans la poche."He pointed to the seatback pocket behind him."Pour vous."
Vaughn reached in, pulling out a mini-bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon.
"Merci. C'est 'tu,' aussi."
"Wait, what?" Christina stared at the bottle like it was a rabbit from a hat.
"D'où viens-tu?" Vaughn fired a quick staccato at the driver.
"De Dakar, monsieur."
"Ah," said Vaughn. "He's from the capital of Senegal, and we're now coming full circle. I can speak French because of his countryman. Senegal has a very open culture, where friends give friends gifts. As a result, we're about to be drunker because of my new friend Florent."
"Your man is a good translator," said Florent, signaling a right and slamming the Camry into a minuscule gap in traffic.
Christina took the first sip from the bottle. What had started as an awkward night had crossed into the nearly surreal. But tomorrow was Saturday, she had no work to do, and her gorgeous boyfriend was offering her free alcohol. She drank.
"I wish you could have some," she said to their driver.
He replied with a simple wave of the hand. "For friends."
The wine warmed her. It did nothing to staunch the heat building inside her.
"Vaughn," she heard herself saying. "You said more than that I was pretty."
"Truth," he replied.
"You said I was a slut."
His face fell into a mix of a thousand emotions.
"It's okay," she said. "You said maybe. Maybe not."
"I did. Where'd you learn?"
"College. I'm really rusty. But I could still understand y'all."
"Are you?"
"Am I rusty?" She took the bottle, swigging directly from the neck. "Peut-être."
"Not that. And not in a bad way."
She smiled. "Oh, I dunno.Une salope?"
"To be. Or not to be. 'Tis the question."
"Shakespeare wasn't French, Mister Ashford." She leaned in, lips brushing his ear, courage pumping with her pounding heart. "Nor Hamlet. But am I a slut? Well, I don't know." Her tongue traced his ear, the cartilage bending slightly until she nibbled on his earlobe.
Turning, she spoke again: "Florent, le mot 'pipe.' Une pipe, oui?"
"It is a word I like, mademoiselle."
She whispered into Vaughn's ear.
"If he cool with it, yeah," came the whispered reply.
She turned to the front seat. "Veux-tu regarder une pipe maintenant, monsieur?"
Her pulse hammered in her chest as she waited for the response to the indecent proposal. Never, ever had she thought she would be asking a New York City Uber driver if he'd like to watch her give a blowjob. But she just had.
"Oui." Yes.
"Well, Vaughn? It's your birthday weekend."
He responded by slowly lowering his zipper.
--
"Yes?" her voice was hoarse now.
"Backing out?"
"Fuck off. Give me that." Her pale hand reached in, pulling his manhood free. Vaughn watched her, then flicked his eyes to the front. The driver was doing just that: driving.
His dick stiffened immediately. Whatever he'd thought -expected - of Christina N. Waverley, Esq., it wasn't road head. That just wasn't corporate lawyer style.
Expect the unexpected, his mind narrated.Fuck yes,his body responded.
Warm lips engulfed the head. Christina shifted position, her body across the seat and arched, angled to give her the best position to take him deep in her mouth. Vaughn sucked in breath.
He closed his eyes and felt, rather than saw, as more and more of his shaft disappeared into her wet mouth. Tina had made a hell of an effort over the past weeks to up her head game. It was paying massive dividends: where she'd previously struggled to get much more than the head in, recent nights had featured her happily sliding inch after thick inch down his meat, often with a hand between her legs.
The road began to rise, inch by inch as the cables of the Brooklyn Bridge arched overhead. The noises of sloppy, wet head filled Vaughn's ears, a rhythmic and contented gurgle each time Tina's mouth sucked in new length. He took her hair down from its knot and let it splay across his lap, feeling it between his fingers.
Her soft hand encircled the base of his shaft. It massaged with just the right pressure, spreading her saliva down the whole way and reminding him that the best things in life are in fact free.
--
Christina's hair fell now in a curtain around her face. She bobbed to the top and flicked it to one side. Her body had caught fire since she'd had his dark wood between her lips.
A nice Southern girl, she'd say afterwards.That's me. Right, Vaughn?And he'd smile and put his hand on her back, but Christina knew that every added inch of Black dick down her throat was one more link on the ever-strengthening chain that united them.
And she had to admit that she loved it. The musky smell of his crotch that mixed with her saliva to form a powerful aphrodisiac for her. She knew his cum, when she got it, would do more of the same. By the time they pulled up out front of his building, Vaughn would be in the recovery phase for round two. And Christina Waverley, Esq. would make damn sure her man gave her a round two.
Not that round one was unpleasurable. Out there, tourists would be looking down from the bridge walkway at the car's roof, unaware that a single panel was all that separated them from a fantastic show.
Vaughn's penis filled her throat. More than filled it, actually. Christina took each thrust as deep as she could, breathing wherever and whenever the air would fit. One hand steadied the base of her boyfriend's massive member while she took care of making it all hers. Her free hand drifted down the front of her outfit, settling where her legs met.
It had been an inspired outfit choice; no way a romper would blow up on a harbor breeze. But now there were two layers of fabric between her fingers and where she wanted them.
Christina bobbed harder. The head hit its deepest spot yet. For a moment - just a microsecond - she felt her gag reflex kick in. But then Trevon Ashford's dick receded, and with it the threat of pain and embarrassment.
The hand in her hair guided her rhythm now. God, Christina loved it when Vaughn took control like that. He wasn't rough: just a wrap of her sandy strands around his fingers and the right amount of pressure. She knew what he wanted and how to give it up him.
Lights flashed past her consciousness. The world outside was there, somewhere. But Christina's head was literally full of her man's dick, and she was going to suck every fucking drop of cum that she could out of it.
His thighs were beginning to tense underneath her. Saliva was escaping her mouth, coating her chin and the outside of Vaughn's pants. She didn't care. She was giving the sluttiest, most memorable, hottest fucking blowjob of her life, and she was going to make the motherfucker count.
Her whole body bounced up and down. Christina could feel her breasts sway as she polished inch after inch of thick cock, putting a powerful effort into it. Vaughn was groaning now, his head tossed back in pleasure. Somewhere outside, ordinary people went on with their nights, missing the pleasure of oral sex in a moving vehicle.
"Shit...damn, Tina..." When he started talking, she knew that's when he was getting close. It's what he did to hold onto that last minute, maybe even seconds.
Her own noises were a mess of messy gurgles, but she understood her body was making them all the same. She had been neutral-to-positive on sucking dick before she got with Vaughn. Now she loved it. Loved the control it gave her, the subtle push and pull of his will versus her mouth.
And she always won. She always found herself greedily swallowing Vaughn's cum exactly when she, Christina, wanted to, and not a second sooner or later.
"Tina...fffffff..."
That second would be now. Christina's hand fell away and she slammed Vaughn's cock into her throat. And for the first time ever, her lips were around its base.
Her body spasmed in elation has his contracted, blasting a wave of semen deep into Christina's throat. She felt the shaft pumping, multiple successive jets of thick, gooey cum shooting deep into her body.
Vaughn was groaning now, his powerful noise of release edging on a growl. His hand clamped down and held her in place while his dick did its business.
Three, then four jets, and then stillness. The hand behind her head relaxed, and Christina's body slowed to a stop.
Loud slurps filled the car while she cleaned him. That was her choice: every last fucking drop went down her throat. Of course, when sucking cock in a stranger's Uber, it was also basic manners.
She sat up, wiped her chin with the back of her hand, and met the driver's eyes in the rearview mirror.
Then she puckered her lips, lifted her right hand, and blew him a kiss.
--
Ambient light and noise streamed in from the tall windows to Vaughn's right. Christina sat atop the kitchen counter clad only in a black lace bra and matching thong. Her pale stomach and crossed legs reflected the yellow city glow.
"Well," she said. "I suppose we just made one Uber driver's night, hmm?" The Tennessee accent had crept back into her voice, just as it always did when she'd had more than a drop to drink.
"Could say that, yeah. You're full of surprises, woman, I'll give you that."
She raised an eyebrow. "Is that a negative comment, Mr. Ashford? Because I don't recall you saying no."
He closed the gap between them, his body blocking the street's glow. Rested a palm on her muscular thigh and smiled. "The opposite. Lady in the streets, freak in the..."
"Uber?" Her voice contained a perky mirth as she ran a hand through her wavy hair. "I don't think that's the saying. But the song is by Usher, right? Kinda sounds like Uber?"
She was toying with him and they both knew it.
"Usher Raymond, a native son of Tennessee."
"Chattanooga, even," interrupted Christina.
"Yeah," said Vaughn. "But that line is Ludacris, and last time I checked Atlanta wasn't Tennessee."
"Too bad," Christina said, beginning to unbutton Vaughn's shirt. "I'm sure they'd like the lower taxes and high-quality women."
Two more buttons popped free. "And the fellas?"
"Tennessee men? I hear the hot ones all move to New York." She kissed him just above the neckline of his undershirt. "This is in the way, honey."
"One at a time, Tina." He hastily unbuttoned the long-sleeved shirt and let it fall.
"Yes, yes," she said. Her hands tugged at the bottom of his undershirt. "You look great in white, but don't you think I've got enough white on for the both of us?" She gestured to her bare legs and stomach.
"If that's the case..." He paused, lifting the tight cotton over his head and dropping it with the other discarded clothing "...shouldn't you be taking that black stuff off? Think I've got black covered."
Christina laughed, large white teeth and an unabashed, confident chuckle. "You've got me there, sir. But that still leaves those dark slacks. And besides, this counter is cold as hell. My poor booty."
Vaughn shook his head. "Two things, counselor. First, I don't get the whole 'cold as hell' expression. Ain't hell kinda the opposite, at least in the literature?"
"Hell is a cold ass, Vaughn. I'm pretty sure that was Sartre or something."
"Sartre said 'Hell is other people,' Tina."
"Whatever. And second thing?"
"The fuck that little thong be doing anything to keep that big white booty warm on a fucking granite countertop."
"Funny you should mention that." Her hands were on his pecs now, fingertips tracing the muscles. "I was thinking maybe it'd be warmer somewhere else." Her hand ran through her hair, pulling it back from her forehead. "Unless you'd like to...just talk, or something." The cheesy wink she added after was hardly necessary.
"Talk? I don't recall that being what you were choosing to do with that mouth."
"And?" She rested her hands on his shoulders, fingers splayed. "But actually, there was one thing I wanted to say with actual words. And that was to thank you again for coming tonight. It's hard to merge professional me and personal me. But you make it look so easy for you, and it makes it easy for me."
He kissed her forehead. Pulled her into his chest. "And thank you for not going crazy on the French thing. You know."
She ran her arms down his muscular arms. "I'm not the type of woman who gets mad when you say things about me. As long as they're true."
"Noted."
Her fingers traced one of his tattoos, a long snake coiled around his shoulder and wrapping around his bicep. Trying to find the end, Vaughn noticed.
"But speaking of truth-telling, Vaughn: I'm a lawyer. I bill my professional life in fifteen-minute increments, mostly. And if my next fifteen minutes of personal time include zero orgasms, you are going to have one unhappy girl on your hands."
He slid his arms under her and lifted her off the counter. She settled easily in his arms.
"Fifteen minutes, huh?"
"'Bout fourteen-fifty now," she replied. "But this isn't a bad start."
--
"Best get all that black clothing off you now," he said as he lowered her to the bed.
Christina reached behind and popped the clasps off, tossing the bra to her partner. "I mean..."
He pushed her onto her back, forcefully but carefully. His face was inches from hers, breath hot on her lips.
"Only got fourteen minutes, Tee. No time for your chitchat."
The thong was wrenched downward, vanishing across the room with a swift flick of Vaughn's wrist.
"Mm," he said. "Wasn't sure if you were joking 'bout the wax." She felt his lips travel down her body, large hands pausing to cup her breasts. "See," he said, voice lowered, "they look good covered in black, don't they?"
"They do...mmmm." Vaughn had carefully rolled one nipple between strong fingers, then the other. The mix of pleasure and a slight pain send a shiver through Christina's core.
His mouth closed on one, sucking gently, then with increased pressure. Christina felt her hands dig into the sheets, matching the gasp that escaped her mouth.
"Thirteen minutes," he said. One hand slid underneath her, massaging her booty. "Not so cold now, is it?"
"Don't know," Christina heard herself say. "Wouldn't mind if you'd warmed it up earlier."
"And you wouldn't mind if I smacked it later, either." His lips had moved to her stomach, tongue tracing a line down the center of her body.
"You know I would not."
"That's the Tina quickie, right? Three slaps each side and straight in?"
"Mmmm," she said. "I'd tell you to fuck off..." His fingers were between her legs now, tracing the insides of her thighs. "If you weren't so fucking right. And now we got the Trevon Ashford quickie, too."
"Yeah?" His fingertips brushed her labia, and it made every hair on Christina's body stand up. "Tell me."
"Nice messy blowjob in a moving car, baby. Don't pretend that isn't your style."
"I wasn't complaining, nah. Especially with you so into it and all."
"Twelve minutes."
"What, you looking at a watch or something?"
"Is that a risk you want to take?"
Vaughn's middle finger slid inside her, and Christina's stomach tightened. A gasp escaped her.
"What," he said, "you checking your phone or me running out of time? Because, let me tell you, there is no fuckin' way you're lasting another ten minutes, let alone twelve."
"You talk a good one, Vaughn..."
His lips and tongue replaced the finger, cutting Christina's sentence in half. She watched as he began to eat her, slowly and carefully, eyes traveling the length of her pale body. His hands slid underneath her, lifting her hips to his mouth. It was warm on her and his lips full, his tongue expertly probing her inside and out.
Her hands grasped the sheets again. Christina's eyes closed, her body's desires sweeping her mind clear. She felt her legs come to rest behind her boyfriend's strong shoulders. Her was putting his neck into it now. The muscles on his upper back rippled, and Christina heard herself groaning as his efforts took beautiful effect.
No, it was not going to take another ten minutes at this rate. Not five, either.
She opened her eyes again. Vaughn's dark skin contrasted perfectly with her own in the bedroom's low light. It was a view she'd grown used to but thought she could never tire of, her white skin against his muscular, dark body.
His head bobbed as he worked her pussy hard, the sound of mouth on her sensitive parts an echo of her own noisy blowjob. Her body felt like it was aflame, her pussy churning out lubrication for the fucking it desperately wanted. Needed.
Christina's stomach and back muscles were tightening now. Sweat had begun to build on her skin. Her noises rose in pitch, ascending from low groans to something more like a squeal.
Ten minutes, maybe, on the clock. Not that Christina could possibly count at this point. There was only one thought left in her mind: cum. Cum now. Cum soon, cum hard, then cum again, as soon as possible. Just then, her partner flicked his tongue to swipe the underside of her clit.
The orgasm rose up from deep inside her and came out with a loud, primal yell. Her hand shot up, holding Vaughn's head in place as her body exploded with pleasure.
"FUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" A single roared obscenity was all her vocabulary could muster. "FUCK, FUCK, FUUUUUUUUCK!"
Christina's vision clouded, then went dark as her eyes blinked away the stars. The room closed in around her. All that she could feel was the sheets balled in her hands and Vaughn's flesh on hers. His strong hands clenched around her ass, gripping it tightly and wringing every iota of the orgasm's power from her wracked body.
It slowly faded, Vaughn's tongue slowing in time with her body's rhythms. It was as if he was a step ahead of her every move, reading the microscopic cues that made her tick.
"Fuck. Fuck," she whispered. "Damn. Hot fucking damn."
He rested his chin on her smooth pubic bone. His glistening lips and chin sat there, a smug smile on his face.
"What you got, Tee? Nine minutes?"
"Nine-thirty, maybe."
"What you got planned for the rest of that time?"
Christina rose laboriously to her elbows and began to turn over. "I think you know damn well what I've got planned," she said.
--
Vaughn's dick was almost painfully hard. He didn't wait for Christina to complete her motion, instead flipping her rapidly onto her stomach and sliding his body between her knees.
"Mmmm," she purred. Vaughn ran a splayed hand down the center of her back, feeling the warm skin and the ridge of her spine.
Dim light snuck through the curtains. It reflected off her pale body and showed the subtle movements of her back muscles as she moved her arms to push herself up.
"Not this time, baby," Vaughn responded, pushing her back into the sheets.
Her body relaxed as she seemed to resign herself to yielding the driver's seat to her man. And Vaughn was only too happy to drive when the action involved Christina's juicy thighs and booty and her freak-in-the-sheets mindset.
He grabbed her hips, re-angling her body to position her body.
Christina purred again, turning her neck and giving Vaughn a conspiratorial grin.
"I'm not getting any younger waiting for you to fuck me, Vaughn."
That garnered a slap to the right side of her booty.
"Still not younger," she said, then bit her lip.
The second slap, to the left cheek, received only a moan in reply.
His dick slid effortlessly into her waiting body. In the two months they'd been dating, Christina's body had gone from tense and tight when he slid himself into her to relaxed and comfortable. And along with it had come a free-flowing, loud, and wanton sexuality that seemed to expand its reach every day.
Christina groaned with pleasure and bent her knees, using her calves to lock his thighs tight behind her. He began slowly pumping in and out, supporting himself on his arms.
He could hear the sound of his dick as it picked up lube from her eager hole, the sticky-slick sounds of juices overflowing. It was soon joined by her smell. Vaughn increased his pace.
"Ugggggh...mmmmmmm." The slaps of flesh on flesh competed with Christina's moans for airtime, but the visuals were front and center for Vaughn: her body bouncing as he pounded into her, curls spread across the bed, hands gripping two separate pillows.
He lowered his torso and let his body settle. One arm slid under Christina, encircling her and holding her tight to him.
They were like one being now, thrusting and sweating together, her moans now loud in his ear, her legs locked around his.
Vaughn could feel his back working hard, muscles doing the work for both himself and the smaller body underneath him. For his part, grunts were giving way to groans and a building tightness in his core.
Christina's hands landed atop his now. Her fingers wove into his, locking onto him as her body rose to another climax.
"Aaaaaah! Fuckyesfuckyesfuckyessssss!" Its suddenness had taken him by surprise, but it fulfilled Rule #1 for Vaughn: Tina cums first. But she wasn't going to get a break.
He was in go mode now. His dick throbbed as he slammed into her, feeling the squeeze of her pussy amid her desire.
"Fuck, Vaughn, fucking cum in me," she gasped. "Please. Please fucking cum in my fucking cunt. Yeeee-"
That did it. Vaughn felt the point of no return as his body expelled a heavy rope of jizz into her waiting pussy. The slapping noises ceased as he bottomed out and held his position, letting his dick pulse and blast several spurts of cum.
Christina felt it too, he could tell: her exclamation had never truly ended, transition straight from an exhortation into another loud orgasm. Her body shook underneath him, hands gripping his until her knuckles turned white. For a moment, it seemed she was barely there, completely lost in her body's pleasure, before she sighed with contentment and exhaustion and sucked in a fresh lungful of air.
Vaughn watched with pure satisfaction as she slowly eased down from her climax, eyelids fluttering back open.
He kissed her slowly and deeply, savoring her passion as her lips greedily met his. They kissed for a long moment and then he shifted his weight away from her.
He could see his cum beginning to leak out of Christina before she slowly closed her thighs and rolled onto her back.
"Not in the slow and gentle mood tonight, hmm?" Her voice was light and carried the edge of a laugh.
"Like you minded."
"What I wouldn't mind, Mr. Ashford, would be a glass of water for your guest."
"My pleasure," he said, rising to his feet, his cock slack now and still slick in the cool air. "Ice?"
"Just the wet stuff," she replied. "But maybe I'm in the mood to drink it slow and gently. We'll see."
--
Christina was standing before the bathroom mirror, door open to the bedroom, when Vaughn returned. She heard the footsteps on the bedroom's hardwood before she saw him. Their lightness always surprised him; for a large man, he had a remarkable grace about the way he moved.
"I look like shit," she said when he cracked the door to hand her the cool, calming glass. "Total freakin' mess."
"Second don't equal the first, Tee," he replied. His arms slid around her naked body. "Mess, yeah, but messy can be beautiful in the right context. And this is the right context."
He finger-combed the roughest part of her hair, taking his gentle time with a particularly tough knot. Christina sipped the water, feeling the chances of a hangover drop sip by glorious sip.
"I might need another glass," she said. Her makeup hadn't totally lost the battle to time and sex, but it was well on its way, and she'd rather rinse it off without his watchful gaze.
"I can do that for you," he replied, voice smooth. "But first, let's get you warmed up."
"I-"
"Those are goosebumps, lady. So don't start with the lying." Vaughn rubbed her arms for a moment, then turned to the closet behind him.
She watched in the mirror as he reached past a massive terrycloth robe halfway between maroon and purple. The first time she'd seen him in it, she told him he looked like a 1990 Chevy Caprice, that shade with a brown leather interior. At which he'd laughed and replied that at least she'd skipped the Oldsmobile joke.
"Chevy, meet the 1998 Honda CRV," he said now, reaching for a smaller white robe. "White inside and out." He draped it over her shoulders, then tied the waist belt. "Basic, functional, keeps you warm when you need it, easy in and out. Lasts a long time, like a Caprice."
Christina flipped her hair so it fell over the outside of the cloth. Vaughn had been right: it was warm and comfortable, and she immediately liked it.
"Got a better logo than Honda, too," she heard him say. His finger pointed to the left side of her chest, where a gold monogram sat, a crown with a capital T underneath. "Better to be queen Tina than an old-ass soccer mom SUV, huh?"
She turned her head and kissed him briefly on the lips.
"Hey don't knock a CRV. I had one in college and that thing... Anyway, I love it. Thank you. Thank you so much."
"You're welcome. Water, yeah?" He had retrieved his own robe and wrapped himself in its expanse.
"Water, yeah," she echoed.
Christina felt the robe swish as she turned on the tap and began to wash her face. It had been a long evening. Confusing in some ways, but comfortable in so many others. The embarrassment she expected to feel about the blowjob after the comedown from her sexual high had failed to materialize. The unexpected gift helped her feel more at home here than she thought she deserved to at such an early point in their relationship.
And so when Vaughn stepped back onto the marble floor with a fresh glass of water, Christina felt the words began to flow unbidden.
"Hey," she began, "there's something I've been thinking about a little bit, but I didn't want to scare you."
"Yeah?" He'd retrieved water for himself and sipped it casually now, leaning on the doorframe.
"We've been together a couple months. Things going well?"
"Yes," he said. "Yeah. What's up?"
"They're going extremely well from my view." She put the water down on the sink and turned to face him. "I realized a couple weeks ago that I was falling in love with you."
He opened his mouth, but she raised a finger and cut him off.
"Tonight I realized that process had hit its endpoint, or whatever might be the most awkward way I could segue into this is. But anyway, I'm ready to tell you that I love you."
She felt the hot rush spread across her cheeks as he stood there silently, regarding her. Her mind raced, begging him to speak.
Finally a grin spread across his face and he drew her into his arms.
"A couple weeks, you said? Tina, I fell in love with you on like our fourth fuckin' date. So hell yes I love you, lady. Queens wear robes, Tina." He lifted her chin, looking her straight in the eyes. "And you, girl, are my queen."
"Which explains the purple robe, I believe," she said, letting her drawl through to turnexplainsintoexplines."Purple for royalty. Good color for my king, right?"