Chapter 7: The rich and the horny
Today was day one of the actual event. The twelve of us have to arrive early. Many of the girls wore standard or micro bikinis. A few wore lingerie.
I wore a micro bikini too but much larger than those I used to wear. I came in my panties for my bottom as I would be stripping to wear the harness later.
Candice was completely naked.
"Hey big breasts, can't wait to get excited so fast?"
"Hey Ruth, what happened to your body," she was focusing on a few of the bite marks on my neck, breasts and body.
I said in an almost inaudible tone, "Frederick sent me back to my hostel..."
"Wow! And you two make love? Two muscle freaks making out? I can see the action so clearly in my mind. Why didn't you invite me to watch?"
"Are you mad? You think we are porn stars ah?"
"Didn't I tell you your sex scene with your lover was the best show anyone ever watched!"
"He is not my lover!" I shot back.
"Or you prefer, your sex partner?"
I quickly changed the subject, "Why you strip naked so soon? You are going to be assaulted mercilessly when they catch sight of your humongous breasts."
"Think about it girl, the more excited we get them to be, the less likely we are going to do the hands-free massage."
"She does have a point."
"So how? Stripping like me?"
"I can't. I've quite a number of love bites beneath that bikini top," blushing slightly as I said those words.
"So?"
"People would know I made love and had sex."
"What the fuck, Ruth. You will be having sex in a while and people will be SEEING you having sex."
"This is different, this sex is part of working."
"And the other one?"
"The other one is me making out with a guy I am excited to have sex with," I can feel myself blushing even more.
"Oh God! I can't believe I am even having this conversation," Candice threw her hands up in the air as a gesture of surrender. This caused her massive breasts to shake.
The customers were starting to stream in. Many of them were relatively old; actually they were quite old. Most of them were balding and have huge bellies.
"Hey Candice, they are coming.
"Oh gosh, they are in terrible shape," I covered my mouth with one hand out of shock.
"Get use to it, girl. It is going to be this and worse."
And I should believe Candice since she has deep experience in this area.
"Hey, what if one of them dies on me whilst I am giving him the hands-free massage? I read there are those old men who married a young beautiful wife and died while making love."
Candice stared into space and answered in a philosophical tone, "At least, they die happy."
She quickly shook herself from her dazed state, "Don't be silly. It will not happen. Don't believe everything you read. By the way, you expecting everyone to be like your lover with bulging muscles and six packs?"
We were assigned to different customers. The customers never stopped streaming into the room. I must say, it was quite a comfortable pace for all of us. We have customers and plenty of rest. The rest was much needed as it was during the rest that the vibrator was switched off.
The counter lady spoke in a loud voice, "Number 2, go to room 6."
And before I knew it, the vibrator hummed alive. Fortunately, we had the assessment and it really allowed us to be prepared for what to expect.
"Hello sir, welcome to Fantasy Spa and Massage. I'll be your masseur."
"Hello, miss. Oh wow, you have a nice physique."
"Thank you sir. Now let's have you lie on your front and we can begin your massage."
I poured massage oil onto his back and began rubbing and kneading away.
"Ouch. Softer, miss."
"I am so sorry, sir," I eased off the pressure.
His hands reached out to touch my biceps and breasts.
During this time, I cummed and squirted several times but never experienced that continuous orgasm I had during the assessment. It was tolerable, not the hellish state I went through during assessment.
"Maybe it was because I was making love to someone I like..." I blushed at the thought.
"Or maybe his body was incredible and anyone would have experienced it like I do?" trying to deny that I have fallen sexually for Frederick.
"Sir, let's have you lie on your back."
After a good 15 minutes, his manhood stood at attention. It was time for the hands-free massage. Not that I was looking forward to it.
He assaulted my breasts, squeezing and caressing it with all his might. It was getting painful. I flexed my pecs to fight against his squeeze and he tightened his grip. I flexed even more, trying to fight off the assault and before I could put the condom on his manhood, he started spurting cum.
With a wide smile, I took several pieces of tissue paper to pass it to him, "Oh sir, that was quite a huge load from you."
"Arrgghh..." he panted. He couldn't move and just lay there waiting for the throbbing to cease.
Trying not to sound too happy, "I will leave you to clean up sir. I hope you have enjoyed yourself."
He desperately grabbed my buttocks and squeezed them as I turned to leave the room.
Altogether I had only 6 customers, 4 cummed even without me doing the hands-free massage. Even for the hands-free massage, I only did a complete one on a customer. The other one had premature ejaculation. Many of my customers came as they have a fantasy of having a muscular chick massaged them and they could muscle worship her and have sex with her.
I guess rich people could always use their money to fulfill their fantasy.
Candice only had 4 customers. She was more experienced and learnt to prolong the time for each session. She was so experienced that she managed to make all her customers cummed just by them touching and playing her breasts, not a single session of the hands-free massage.
As the day was about to end and she emerged from the massage room. She smiled at me with a proud victorious look.
"Wha lao, they like big busts, just ask their wife go for implant lah. So easy to satisfy them. They Just squeeze a few times then cum already. How was your session?"
"Oh ok. I only did two hands-free massages. Only one completed the hands-free massage, the other prematurely ejaculated the moment he entered me."
By now, all the girls were quite good friends. We compared notes and realized that I have the most number of customers assigned.
One of the girls conjectured, "Maybe they requested a muscular chick lah. How many muscular chick we have here."
The rest laughed out loud.
I did my own probing and checked with the counter girl. She verified that it was affirmative. I had more customers because these customers requested a muscle chick as a masseur.
"Hmm...so being muscular means you can still be in a job providing sexual service."
We were paid on that day. Having worked 8 hours, we were paid $1,600 each. Easy money and we were all ecstatic. We went out to celebrate; and everyone looked forward to the second day, tomorrow. Hopefully, it will be smooth sailing, like today.