My name is Joshnaa, I am 43 year old, I am from Mauritius. I have come across this site by sheer luck. I am happily married with 2 sons and 1 daughter all studying in India right now. The story I am going to tell you is about myself . After reading a few stories on this site I have decided in contributing an unforgettable experience of mine. Six months back, my husband's niece was getting married. They stayed on the ground floor of the same house.
Over here, I presume like in India, weddings are major happenings, unfortunately since my children had just spent their holidays with us and that we did not expect that wedding to be that soon, we could not afford to pay 3 air tickets to get them down here to assist the wedding. My husband and his family are Sugarcane planters, him and his elder brother looked after the fields and my sister-in-law and myself being educated had taken jobs. Sunita is a bank clerk and I am a teacher in a college. Sunita and myself got married the same day 25 years back, we are cousins (our mums were sisters). Sunita got married to Vijay and I got married to Raj. Vijay was then 27 year-old and Raj was 33-year old.
Due to this we have always been friends, we shared everything in our life. Unlike, most extended family ours has always functioned well despite the presence of in-laws. My married life has been near perfection to my point of view but was always described as being monotonous by my female colleagues at work. They just could not understand how someone could lead exactly the same events everyday throughout life. But for me, I was happy, as I knew nothing but that. Raj left home with his brother at 4 am and was back by 1 pm that was their timing, as the sun did not permit long hours in the cane fields. We (Sunita& I were lucky not having to wake that time as my mother-in-law had acquired the habit of providing food to her husband and she kept the habit for her sons.
A week before the wedding, my sister-in-law son's arrived from UK. I had always seen him in photos but this was the first time I was to see him physically. His mum got married years back to someone from Trinidad and since she was sort of excluded from family. We kept in touch via letters on rare occasions but as he had just finished his A-levels with excellent grades, he was paid a holiday to our magic island as a reward (by her mum who always wanted him to meet the family).
Atish was his name and he just turned 18. He arrived with his friends Michael, Simon and Keith. Michael was his best friend and the other two boys were school friends. The minute I saw Atish, I could see the striking resemblance between him and my husband. It was like seeing Raj 25 yrs back. He was amazingly handsome. Michael was to find himself a place in a hotel but my Sasoorji insisted on him joining us at our average size house. I was against the idea, as we had not enough space to lodge that many people especially with the coming wedding, knowing that we would have visitors who would come to stay with us. Nevertheless, I knew that my opinion would not be taken into consideration. Simon and Keith were dropped in a rented bungalow by the beach close to our house.
I discovered in Atish a wonderful boy. He knew he was smart and spent most of his time with Su & myself. Michael could understand not much when we spoke our home language but was always pleasant with us. The wedding approached and the relatives, i.e, the dadis, the nanis came to stay over. Our house was soon over-populated.
Michael and Simon volunteered to sleep on the balcony facing my room as all other rooms were taken over. They were happy to sleep there in their sleeping bag they brought with as they were always moaning about the heat.
It was a Thursday, I remember well. At that time I had at that time not "other" feeling for Atish than a mamee to a nephew. I had just finished my periods and I was on my fifth day. I would to point out here that though I am a traditional Indian woman I always loved sex.
At this point, I would to give a brief description of myself. I am 5 foot something, I am pretty fair, I have long hairs combed and parted in the traditional Hindu manner, I wear 36 size bras and I have large puffy aureoles and a medium size bum. I am not a model but an average looking Indian woman. I don't believe that I am good looking though I have received numerous compliments about the way I dress. My usual dress is the Saree but I have since my youth liked deep necklines both back and front in my short Cholies.
Coming back to that night, it was already 11 pm. Raj was having a few drinks with his cousins who came to help with the preparation. I wanted sex that night (I am not usually demanding); I had my bath and went to bed. Atish and Michael went to their balcony facing my room earlier than me. As they had spent their day with the rest of the crew, they were exhausted. As I walked in my room, I checked on the guys. I could not see much, but since I heard no voice I assumed that they were sleeping. My mother-in-law had taken the curtains to be washed for the wedding. As the boys were new to our place, the night-lamp was intentionally left on in to allow see where they were stepping to use the toilet in our room.
Raj came at about midnight, he was drunk. He had a shower and joined me in bed. Because of the boys' presence, I was sleeping in my petticoat and blouse. Raj knows can guess when I want sex. He laid on the bed facing me and started kissing me passionately. At that time, I knew he was drunk and was wanting help, otherwise, he would have lifted my nightie and would rub his erect cock against my pussy waiting for me to be wet before penetrating me. That night, because of the drinks, knowing his difficulty to get an erection, I knew I would have to take his cock and suck it till he was hard enough to pleasure me. So I did it. Soon I was on top on his great cock and we fucked the usual way. The blouse was ripped open, my breasts were hanging on my bras, and my petticoat was on the floor. I was riding his cock with my back facing him, as he liked. I was facing the balcony, then suddenly, I saw a glow in the dark, it was the light of a burning cigarette. One of the 2 was watching us. It was too late to stop, as I never liked breaking the rhythm especially when I am about to come, I carried on riding Raj till he came in me. Because of his drinks, he had lasted longer made me come twice.
I stepped out of bed and went to the shower. I was now feeling awkward. I had fucked in front of somebody and the worse was that I did not know who watched me. As I walked out of the shower, I had a strange of wanting to show myself more. Vijay was already snoring in bed, I stood by the door step of the bathroom naked wiped myself leisurely giving a full of every inch of my body to the one who was watching me. My vagina was wet again but I knew that Vijay could not provide me more than once in a night.
The next day the minute, I woke up; I was feeling ashamed of my act. I was thinking how an old cow like me had acted as a slut. I attended to the house chores and went to work. The boys were still sleeping. At work, I wanted to speak about that " event" there was nobody I could trust. I tried to speak to Su, but did not manage to get through to her. But the whole day, I realized that this incident had turned me on horribly. I was constantly daydreaming and wet.
I reached home, now it was Friday, to my deception the boys were not home. They had gone out for barbecue with their friend. I complied in doing the preparation works but never got the time to speak to Su. I stayed awake till 1 am waiting for Raj when he came I pretended to be asleep. He tried to wake me up for his fuck but I did not respond.
At about 3am, the boys came back. I had heard the stopping car. I undid my bra-less blouse completely and opened the knot of my petticoat to reveal my vaginal bush and pretended to sleep. They tiptoed in. I kept my eyes closed, I was exposing myself completely to 2 persons whom 1-week back was completely unknown to me. Then for a flash of time, I sensed them stopping for a few minutes by my bed and watch.. I was already dripping wet .
A few minutes later, I woke Vijay up by sucking his cock, nearly instantaneously; he was hard and started having me. Out there was, were now 2 glowing lights, both of them were watching. I fucked Vijay in a way that he could not guess that we were being watched. I was going wild, so wild that I came 4 times. For the first time in my life, I was shouting for Raj to fuck me harder and to make me come. I experiencing something new, I wanted to show and prove that at my age, I could still fuck and give pleasure. In that 10 minutes, I made change positions so many times that I sensed that he was dazzled by me. I was simply wild. I was exhausted, I was sweating and out there the cigarette lights were still on. I watched them till I fell asleep.
At 3:30 am, when Raj woke up, he shook me up and asked to put something on because of the boys. I mumbled "OK" and pulled the sheet on me and told myself that I would soon wake , the sleep was so nice. At about 5 am, just as the sun was rising, it started raining. I heard the boys waking up suddenly but it started pouring, they did not have time to pull up their sleeping bag before it got wet. I woke up holding the bed sheet upto my nape and I watched them. They were hesitant to walk in; all of us knew that I was still naked under the sheet. I pointed the towel to them. They smiled and dried themselves.
I was feeling awkward again. Still confused about last 2-night shows I had given them. As there no other place they could find place to sleep. I shifted in the middle of the bed and without saying else Michael and Atish place themselves on either side of me. As they got in, I kept myself completely covered with the sheet. To my surprise, both of pulled down their wet slips before joining me under the bed sheet.
I was red; a strange feeling had invaded me, a mixture of fear and excitement. I was scared that anyone found me in that state and was excited because I was in bed with 2 young men not even half my age. We started chatting and the boys were telling about the barbecue and the girls they met at the hotel. I started feeling slightly at ease; Aatish and Michael were both on their sides facing me. Their sights were riveted on my breast, which every now and then got accidentally disclosed. This must aroused them as soon I was feeling their cocks against my thighs. Few minutes later, Atish fell asleep and I felt his arms extending over my breast. Michael and myself carried chatting, Michael was telling about how nice he found our local "coloured" girls. Then we decided to sleep, Michael told me that he needed to go to the toilet before.when he stood up, I was shocked to see his cock and it was simply enormous, it was circumcised and it had a big shiny red head. I could believe that this 18-yr-old could have such a big tool.
He came back his cock was now limp but it was still impressively long and fat. He got in bed next to me again and I told that they would not find me when they woke up, as I would have gone to work. He pushed himself close to me to kiss me goodnight, he kissed me gently, I did not resist, he then pulled himself even closer and kissed deeper this time. By now, I knew what he wanted. I simply told him I desperately needed another hour of sleep.
I could not sleep but my eyes were semi-closed, few minutes later, I felt something moving, his hand was exploring my body, he had moved the bed sheet off me. He started by very light caresses to see my reaction, I did not move, covered me again and soon he was masturbating, when he was about to come, he knelt on the bed next to me next to my nape and spurted his thick semen on me. With a half-opened eye I witnessed the whole scene, his cock had become even bigger. Whilst he came, he sprayed his semen all over my breast, nape and neck; I even received one thick drop on my lips. He then turned on his side and slept, with subtle movement of the tongue, I lick the semen. For the first time, I was having somebody else's (than my husband) sperm in my mouth.
I went to school for only half a day and during the whole time even I look at the boys in my class, I was imagining having sex with them. That day I told everything to Su. She was shocked and warned me to be careful as if anybody finds out , this would cause havoc in the family. But by the question she kept asking me the whole day, I could sense that this event was causing something to Su as well.
The wedding went on all right, no thing happened in between. We could not find time but there was complicity between the boys and myself. Michael was already calling me by my name since the beginning but each time I was alone with Atish he no more calling me "Mamee" but "Josh".
Monday night, after a very festive dinner, Raj dropped in bed dead drunk. I joined the boys on the balcony. We were all tired, I was complaining of lower back and shoulder pain. The boys asked me to lie on my back to receive a massage. I complied. Soon Atish was busy with my shoulders and Michael was giving me a foot massage. Atish was looking in my eyes when his fingers started opening the front buttons of my nightie. He said nothing just carried on undressing me till my navels from where Michael carried on. Soon, I had four hands fondling me, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the ministrations. When I felt my legs being parted, I opened my eyes, Atish was already holding his cock facing my vagina and was about to penetrate me. I put my hand over my pussy and told them in English "but I am your Mamee". Atish moved my hand and placed his finger over my lips. I knew it was now too late. He pushed himself in and looked at me, I was completely filled. I smiled at him and he started his to-n-fro movement, he rammed me for about 25-30 mins. I was having so much pleasure that Michael who was biting/eating my breasts/nipples thought that it would wiser to put his cock in my mouth to stop my loud moaning. When Atish finished, Michael turned me and started taking me doggie-style. He fucked me over 45 minutes before he came. When he finished, I rushed to bed next to Raj who was still snoring. I could believe what I had just done; I started sobbing but soon fell asleep.
The next morning, initially I could not face the boys; I was ashamed but soon after speaking to Su. , I was reassured. She was surprisingly understanding. That night, pretexting of the heat on the ground floor, she asked my husband if she could sleep with me in my room. I was taken aback, but my doubts were clearing. All this had thrilled Sunita. Everybody but only us were awake when Sunita knocked at the door.
She was wearing a very decent nightgown as she entered, as she took off the gown, I immediately recognized the nightie which I have seen only once, on her "shuhag raat". She had bottle of wine carefully wrapped in newspaper with her as well.
When we got married Sunita had a gorgeous body with time she turned a little plump. But I should admit that even now, she looked gorgeous. The nightie was now tighter and the neckline was so deep than you could say that she was topless. Her ample 38-size were more than ⅞ out of it. She was quite obvious already tipsy.
She joined us in bed and started chatting. She was a different Sunita I knew, she was open and was telling us how relieved she was feeling today that her only child got married today. We chatted for about an hour during which the boys who were already surprised by her behaviour, had numerous occasions to see her curves and her hairy pussy. Then of a sudden, she started asking if I had enjoyed my massage the night before. I froze and the boys looked at me in a state of shock too. She had sensed that she had made uncomfortable. She then simply added that she had been longing to have this "treatment" since I "confided" to her.
It was now clear that she also wanted to fuck. Without wasting much time, she pulled off her nightie to reveal her nearly perfectly conserved body and asked the boys to do the same. She was bold unlike me. She turned to Atish and told him in a commanding him to give "Sunita Mamee" his cock . To my shock, she asked me to place my lips of her pussy and taste her. I could not believe that all this was actually happening. While I was performing cunnilingus on her, Michael was taking her from behind and Su kept blowing Atish's cock. The rest of the night just happened.
The next morning, I saw Sunita as she coming from the prayer room. She was ready to attend to house chores and she looked at me and smiled. I simply could not believe she was the bitch who was on heat the night before. I had to resume work but I did want to, especially because of that Maths class with the rowdiest bunch of boys in the school.
Whilst coming of the shower, I got an idea. A wicked idea. I pulled a demi-bras out of the wardrobe and choose the Churidaar with the deepest neckline. I walked in my class, put the dupatta on the table and started teaching. I was having an unusual attention and response from these monsters. I put a few exercise on the board and started going around to check if they any problem individually. I knew the minute, I would bend over the table to see their copybook, they would a complete view of my mammaries especially the demi-cup was so tight that the upper half of my areoles were visible. Everybody was attentive; the boys followed my lesson attentively. I had eventually found how to master them. The following week all homework was done and I am now their favourite teacher (though I would never go to the extent of fucking anyone of them).
Reaching home that evening, Sunita who was still on leave had already planned to take all the boys sight-seeing the folowing day. Dinnertime, she suggested that I should take a day off, I look at Raj, and he nodded. With all guest gone, we could only fuck in the morning when the husbands had left.
Everybody was ready early, a 14-seater bus was already arranged, Sunita had already carefully thought of means to dissuade my in-laws to join us. Ravin was the driver. I knew him as he stayed in the village and I saw him during the wedding. We left home dressed as usual in my Saree and so did Sunita. Half way between the house and the bungalow where Keith and Simon were lodging, Sunita, as usual in command of everything stopped the driver and asked me to follow in the cane fields. I followed her and to my surprise, she had brought with her a pair of bikini and 2 long beach floral shirts. I was shocked to see her dressing like that. Nevertheless, she changed quickly and joined the guys in the minibus.
The bikini she was wearing was something I could never have worn in my life, it was a corset one with nearly all of her breast falling out of it and the slip was minimal, so minimal that her pubic hairs were protruding on the sides. My Sunita was a completely different; she was far from being the "Satee Savitree" I was used to at home.
On the way, we stopped to buy drinks, as we could not bring from home. We bought beers and wine and started having the wine in minibus. We reached Ile-aux-Cerfs (a magical island only 10 mins by boat) and we took a boat not to the main island but to a smaller one. It was the first time that I came to that specific island but been with the family.
I felt very different as I was used to going out with my children and husband. This was most probably the first time after my wedding I was beyond my house with other "males". I knew that after I have fucked with the guys that they would want to fuck me again today and I really wanted it to happen but I did not know how will it possibly happen as we were in crowd today.
The island was small actually very small. There were bushes all over and since we were early and it was a weekday where we were all by ourselves. We chose a shady spot with under lots of trees. I helped Su to spread the "Chattay" and get everybody a drink. The wine I had in the bus was already being felt. Su was only in her skimpy bikini. I was still in my Saree. While the boys were changing into swimming trunks, I was observing them discreetly. Simon had a huge bulge in his trunk and he was not even erect. Keith had a baby faced and was definitely the youngest of the group. The atmosphere was O.K, we were exchanging jokes and discussing things they had seen in Mauritius.
Aatish and Michael paid particular attention to me. Aatish's was lying on my lap. With my pallu tied around my waist, I was feeling his warmth breath on my naked navel. I was wearing an attractive Choli with deep back and front necklines. With the sun rising, the warmth started to be felt. The boys suggested that it was now time for a swim. Michael asked me to change but I explained to him that I could not bring any swimwear from home. He looked deceived then Atish intervened and suggested that why not join them in my underwear. I tried to resist them but they warned that they then be forced to pull in the water with everything on otherwise. I agreed.
The guys went in the water; Ravin was the only one there. I had known Ravin for years. I felt very uncomfortable because of his presence and also scared too that he might talk. Nevertheless I started pulling my saree, I could see that Ravin was not really at ease and tried not to look at me directly. He had always seen dressed traditionally and on occasions when he gave me a lift to work, he had always spoken to me very respectfully.
Before pulling down my petticoat, I had carefully readjusted my panty so that my pubic hairs are not out of it and that it covered my bum fully. But the set of underwear I was wearing had lace materials in front of both bra and panty. Without my petticoat, my thick hairy bush was visible; Ravin could now keep his eyes off me.As I opened my Choli, I noticed him, a huge bulge had formed a tent within his white cotton slip, and it was big.
While running in the water, I told Ravin to join us and to my surprise he said OK. (He initially did not even want to join us up to the island). The guys and Su were playing with volleyball, I joined them, at that time I felt young, I had forgotten my age, my worries, that I was a mum and a wife. I was somebody else, may be my inner hidden self was pushing me, but I was happy. Happy to be amidst these young men and enjoying myself with them.
My underwear was now wet and was revealing much than Su's bikini. I was basically naked. It had turned completely see through, my large puffy dark brown areoles were exposed, my nipples had turned hard and were clinging to the wet lace of my bra. I could see that the game, we were playing was more than an innocent volleyball. The boys were throwing themselves hungrily over both Sunita and myself in an attempt to catch the "ball". In this action, many a time, my bra strap fell off my shoulder revealing my plump breast to the satisfaction of the boys. Sunita's case was even worst, I think her corset was too big for her breast and due to that both of her breasts were constantly out of their cages. Her tits were bigger than mine but had areoles not bigger a 5-Rupee coin. Our breasts had sagged a little after nursing kids, mine were less in shape than Sunita's who only breast-fed one baby. But we both had regular exercise post-delivery to maintain our original shapes.
I looked on the beach and saw Ravin walking in the water. His erection was prominent. His cock was upright in his slip. The head were just underneath the elastic band. I was wondering what was bringing this 28-year old newly wed guy towards us. I could understand the boys, they were new to sex but I could not understand Ravin. I knew his wife who was a ravishing beauty. And yet this man's cock was betraying him.
I was now less at ease with his presence and was wishing that he had declined my invitation but on the other side, I was simply mesmerized by the size and thickness of his cock. As he was also not wearing swimming slip but a cotton one, once wet it had also turned transparent. He joined in the game; I was now wet (down there), each time he held, I fantasizing his fat cock within me.
After a while, we were tired, we went back to the beach, walking out I realized that my I would be "naked" with what I was wearing. Nevertheless, I decided not to put anything else on, I could not do otherwise anyway, I did not want my petticoat or blouse to be wet. As the guys were wiping themselves, just like me Sunita was observing their anatomy and most probably . like me, she was also comparing theirs with our husbands, one thing all had in common were that they all hard-on.
Sunita decided to relax a little bit before we had lunch. Simon poured some more wine. Sunita volunteered to spread some anti-tanning lotion on Keith while he was lying on his back; I could see that she was enjoying doing that. Atish invited me to take a walk round the island, I took a towel and wrapped around my shoulder (so as not to get a tan mark on my shoulder) and followed him. In front of Ravin, I was trying to behave like a "Mamee" should behave with a nephew, but I knew that Ravin could not be that stupid.
We were only few metres that we were joined by a running Michael, he knew what we were up. Once away from the sight of the rest, the guys wasted not time in starting to kiss and hug me. We chose a spot in the bushes and I rested on my towel. My bra and panty were soon pulled off and Michael started kissing my thighs all the way up to vagina, Atish was rubbing his cock on my belly ( I am not that thin). Michael took me, I was in a quite a strange posture, he had pulled my legs on his shoulders and my back was resting in Atish's arms, his hands from behind were pressing my breasts. He was helping his dearest "Mamee" get fucked by his mate. It was truly exciting, having 2 guys, pleasuring me. Michael lasted about 10 mins he pulled his glistening cock out of me before he ejaculated on my pubic hairs by then I had already come once.
Atish pulled his full weight over me and started taking me soon afterwards, from this position, I was feeling his cock in a different a angle, he took his time, he was not fast but instead he seemed to enjoy taking his long cock fully out and pushing himself in to the depth of my womb. Michael walked away and carried on with his tour leaving us alone. We were so busy doing it that we had realized that Simon and Keith had come up to a metre from us and had already taken off their trunks.
I was puzzled, Atish paused a minute whilst his cock was still in me and waited for my reaction. It was a peculiar situation; my nephew was taking me in front of his friends. I wanted it to happen, I did not say anything, I started pulling his back to continue. He got the message that I was game..Simon took me next..then Keith who admitted that he was only 17 and that it had been his first time.. He came in me only after about 6 pushes; he fell on me and kissed passionately. It was quite romantic; me at 43 had given first time pleasure to this 17-yr old boy. I was tired after all that it must have a good hour and a half that I was being screwed. I lay on my towel and asked Keith to leave alone for a while and join the others so as to arouse Ravin's suspicion.I was happy; 4 guys in a row had taken me. I was proud having been wanted. I had no guilt about my act as once they would be gone nobody would ever know about all this.
After putting back my underwear, I turned to take the way back to beach. To my shock, Ravin was there, I was petrified, I felt that my world had collapsed, I started running, I was cursing myself, I had fucked up my family life. In no time, I was caught by Ravin. He held strongly; he seemed to be aware of my state of confusion. While shaking me to bring back to normal, he promised me that nobody would ever know about all that.
He kept me in his arms for nearly 15 mins till I was quieter. He was looking at me intensely in my eyes when he lowered his lips next to mine. He started kissing in a maddening fury. His cock, which was resting against my bare tummy, was back to life. Few minutes later, he started taking me as well, he has different. By the way he was taking me, I could see he was someone used to sex; he kept changing positions to maximize our pleasure and not to come. He must have come more than an hour later by that time my pussy was burning .For never had I been fucked that like before. Walking back, I was sore, he confessed to me that his wife Sheela was pregnant and the doctor had advised them to abstain from sex because of some complications.
We reached our spot, Sunita was being fucked by all the boys; Ravin did not participate as he told me he was drained completely. Till now, Ravin is my lover, I have to bunk school to see him and since we fuck only once a while, we do it well. I have found in him somebody I could trust to the point that I asked him to get somebody to participate in our sessions. We have done and would still do it till my children are back. Then, I would stop all these. Life was different when the boys left, Atish's arrival had brought a drastic change in my intimate life. I say intimate because my family life has not changed and to-date nobody knows anything about my secret life.
After the boys flew back, what happened during that week haunted me day and night. I had changed. At first, I had a strong feeling of resentment towards my own self. I had also a strange feeling guilt for having been unfaithful to Raj. But on the other, each night , before falling asleep or making love, all these remembrances came vividly to mind.
My mind was invaded with sexual thoughts. Each and every episode was come my mind as if had just happened. I could feel the various cocks which pleasured that, remembering each one's particularity. But the session with Ravin was the one I had most appreciated.
It was now 3 months that I had seen Ravin, his wife had delivered. He must have been busy with this new arrival. But in any case, he had promise not to speak about it, it was to be taken like a dream that happened and was to be forgotten. Yet, now that I had known other man and having known to what extent sex can be pleasurable, my sex life with Raj started becoming platonic. Though he made me come yet it was the usual missionary position. I tried to push him in variances but he was reluctant in changing style. He was conservative, for him it was simple , that's the way he always fucked me that's he will always that's it. He came , I came so why change.
But I wanted more than that, especially since I have given myself a time frame to live myself and that time was flying. I wanted to try it all. To know how far could I possibly go without obviously taking unnecessary chances. I wanted to see Ravin but could not find an excuse and I also did want to let him know that .
I thought of ideas to proceed then I remembered that Ravin refused to take money from us for the "trip" (I wonder why?). That night, the conversation happened to be centered around Raj's who was apparently planning to visit us now that the ice was broken. I thought that was the right moment to talk about the "unpaid service". Knowing Raj never liked debts would suggest that we organize to pay him the soonest possible. But much to disappointment, he told , he jump off on his way back from the fields to leave the money himself the next day. My plan had fallen apart.
The next night, I questioned Raj about the same issue. He told me that he met with him but Ravin did want to accept money, so instead.. he has invited him for a drink on Saturday. My heart started pacing and my pussy was already tickling.
Saturday night eventually came. Ravin was supposed to pop in at about 6 pm , he was not there yet at 7.30. I was anxious, all kind of thoughts came to my mind. Meanwhile, Raj already started having his whisky. It was just past 8 o'clock when , his van drove in our yard. I rushed to wash my face and had a second at myself in the mirror as it was a long awaited moment for me. Ravin walked in met the family downstairs including Sunita whom he had seen fuck 4 guys simultaneously, then proceeded to our balcony upstairs where everything was already set.
Sunita helped me with the serving but as she was on the way to wedding , she had to leave us. By the way, after that experience, and because of the "intimacy" that I now had with Sunita, she confessed to me that she gets herself "serviced" by one of cashier when she does overtime once the bank pulled down the shutter. No wonder, when she came late at night, she always complained of exhaustion and always went directly to bed . Well, I am no better than her.
I was quite conservatively dressed that night, I was in blouse and skirt, which showed only a glimpse of my cleavage. The discussion was about politics and soccer as usual. I was quite annoyed about but could do nothing as Ravin was Raj's "guest" that night. Nevertheless, I stayed with them, when I asked him about the new born and his wife , he said that, we owed a visit. To which , Raj promised that next Saturday, we would pop in to see the baby and give him a present.
The night went on, I also had 2 glasses of wine with them but these were both nicely drunk especially Raj who had started earlier. I knew that Raj would work the following day and it would of no harm to let him have another few (as he also did not have any medical problem). It was about 11pm, Ravin said he would leave, the wine aiding, I was bold I wanted his cock into me. I knew that as usual will fall asleep in his couch and he did. I asked Ravin to help me in putting him in bed. As fell on the bed started snoring, I checked to see whether he was actually in deep sleep and he was. After all, he knew nothing he had no reason to suspect anything.
Back to the balcony, Ravin volunteered to help me clean up, I declined instead , I wanted him to take me. He knew what I wanted. The buttons of my blouse were ripped open and he was biting and kissing my nipples. My hands went searching for his penis and found a stone hard rod. In no time , my panty was lying on the, I was leaning on the balustrade and Ravin was pumping me from behind. Just when we were about to come, we heard steps in the staircase, it was my mother-in-law coming to check if all windows were closed. We disengaged, I pulled up my panty and hurriedly readjusted my blouse and hair. So as not to cause any suspicion, by the time , she arrived to the our floor, Ravin was already wishing us goodbye. I did not want her to know that Raj was already sleeping. We behaved casually and parted.
I cleaned up and went to have a cold shower. I stayed in there for 10mins to cool my heat down. I was deceived. As I lay on the bed, the phone rang, it was Ravin apologizing. We talked for a while and eventually he was if I wanted to go out one day. Without further thinking, I said OK for Wednesday.
Wednesday, I met him where we scheduled. He drove to a nice little bungalow on the beach. Being there with him , first alone, was something new. At home, I was supposed to be at work, at work I was supposed to have gone doing some shopping would be back before lunch time. I had only 2 hours ahead, that's it. Once inside, Ravin took the pleasure of undressing me himself. We did it for 2 hours constantly. He made come 4 times in that time. At school , sitting down facing my class , his juices were still oozing out my pussy.
Saturday, we went to his place as promised, I had the feeling that his wife was somehow aware of our escapade by the way she was acting with me. Sheela was about 24, very fair, nice body and had short hair style. She looked like Diana. She was extremely outspoken and we were very at ease. With the love bites on her neck and napes, I could guess that she was nicely "serviced" by Ravin. I was not jealous at all as Ravin was to me just Sex, nothing more.
The guys had a few drinks, I helped Sheela with the dishing out of food and after dinner we sat down to have dessert. Just then the baby who had been sleeping all the time woke and started crying. Sheela rushed to get her and after changing her nappy, she brought her in living room. It was a cute little baby girl. Sheela seated herself in the same seats as before , that is, facing us, Raj and I. Without much fuss, she started unbuttoning her blouse. I could see that Raj was uncomfortable about that, I remember when I was breast feeding the babies, he always like it to happen in our room not in public.
She undid the blouse completely which is usually not required and pulled out her left breast out and wiped her nipple with a piece of damp tissue and started feeding the baby. Ravin was there and it did seem to be bothered at all. He carried talking normally, I could see that Raj was having difficulty in following Ravin and he could not keep his eyes off Sheela's breast. What made this maternal scene so sensual was the fact that Sheela's very fair breast had huge red love bites all over. To break the tension ,I walked to Sheela to give the present we bought for the baby and she jokingly commented that "uncle does like you baby, he does want to see you". The remarks was intended to Raj who was forced to come to Sheela, while he was patting the baby's face his trembling finger betrayed him. His eyes were riveted on that beautiful tit. After a while , she swapped breast, in so doing , both of her breast were fully exposed to us. Raj's Hands were crossed on his pants just above his zip, I wondered why..
At home, in bed, I took courage ( as we don't talk about sex often ) and asked him if he was turned on by Sheela, he nodded , I sent my hand down there to tease him but to my surprise he was already rock-hard. He confided that he was uncomfortable because of his state of erection. It was the first time , he told me that somebody else but me had turned him on. I knew he kept his testicles so long under pressure, I went to his cock and started sucking him. I asked him to close his eyes while I rubbed his cock in between my big breast and whispered to him " Imagine Sheela doing that to you with lovely her titties". That night our session was not monotonous, he even gave me love bites, which wearing a nice décolleté the next day I showed off proudly.
The following week when I went with Ravin besides fucking, we talked a lot . I told about my suspicion being a woman that his wife was aware. He smiled and said that he told her all about it as they were a very open minded and liberal within their couple. I was stunned as I could not have kept so cool if I had to face the woman Raj was fucking. He reassured me not to worry about this affair going as Sheela was really understanding and does not have any hard feelings. It was strange but I found out later that it was the truth. Since, he was frank , I told him about Raj reaction to the breast-show , he laughingly, said "it shows that his Tool is still alright".That's is he did not seem to worry as well.
Somedays later, one Sunday, Sheela phoned to invite us for day out with them at the beach. I was eager to go but was worried that Raj may not accept the invite as he hated going out on a Sunday. When I told him about it, he immediately said "yes". Sheela was having an effect on my old husband. That Sunday, we went to a quiet local beach, the guys had a few drinks and looked after the baby. I went for a swim with Sheela. I was not really comfortable with her since I knew that she knows that I fuck with her husband. We chatted about general things until with giving a single hint, she said "I know all about you and Ravin". I shivered. I was frozen. I could not face her. She then added "don't it just do it anywhere, rather come and do it to-gether with me at home". She smiled at me and then took a dive. When she resurfaced ,she said "lets go dish the guys". I followed her mechanically, I was amazed by her openness and frankness.
While we were wiping ourselves, she was chirping as if we never had that conversation. I was relieved , she was actually not mad at me. Raj was transfixed by her, his eyes were popping as Sheela was sensuously wiping herself . She was indeed a beauty despite of a slight tummy due to pregnancy. After wiping ourselves, Sheela suggested we change in some dry dress. When we came , Sheela was wearing a crocheted t-shirt and a mini. In the bush , while changing I saw her in the nude, I was at that thinking how much Raj would have been happy to be in my place. She fastened up her mini and pull the T-shirt over herself, no bras or panty. I told myself "Raj would have a feast today" . Indeed, the t-shirt showed more than it covered. While seated on a low level stool in front on Raj who was with Ravin on the "chattay" , Raj was having a full view of her cunt lips. His bulge in his short was betraying, Ravin smiled at me discreetly seeing him.
After this event, our family become closer, one afternoon I had cooked some cakes, I told Raj I was going to drop some for them. I knocked at the door , they took sometime to answer at them .When Sheela came to open, she was still tying the top knot of her gown when she opened the door. I could guess that she just woken up or…. She greeted me in and by sign language she told to keep quiet and follow her. I complied. She was heading towards her bedroom. I was wondering what she had in her mind. As I opened the door, Ravin was lying stroking his big cock in one hand waiting for his wife. Sheela said " Aunty this bastard have been screwing for the 45 mins and still wants more.. I am tired now..please help us.." During this conversation, Sheela had already lead me by the bedside and Ravin was already standing and watching me invitingly…
Ravin undid the buttons of my blouses and Sheela from the back freed me from it. Ravin was sucking my breast and Sheela kissing my ear lobes from the back. When I turned , Sheela was naked. I lay down on the bed , Sheela place herself on top of my mouth and said to me " I want to see how Ravin fucks you..please lick me..". Ravin was a real "monster" after having fucked his wife for 45 mins, he lasted another 25 mins ramming me. I carried licking Sheela wet cunt and she made cum a few times in my mouth as every now and then I had a salty taste in my mouth. When we finished , in the shower with Sheela, she told that she had the hots for Raj, as she had always wanted to have an older and more mature person. I suggested that she gets more aggressive in her seduction. She complained that after all the show that she had intentionally given him , he had never dared to speak to her looking in her eyes. I reassured her that I knew that Raj was also interested in her but was conservative.
We carried our threesome on a regular basis Sheela's progress was also good. I kept on encouraging their contacts, but never had the courage to tell him anything else. Raj was changing but I did not how he would react if I told him that I had been fucking around.
School term was ending , I had won a ticket for 2 at the school raffle, for a week-end in a small hotel. I wanted to use that occasion to have Raj in the game. We left on a Friday night and invited Ravin & Sheela the next day. That night, they had left their baby at Sheela's mum place. We all had lots of drinks, the atmosphere was right , the hotel was empty as it was winter time, the only residents were all at the local casino.
At about midnight, Raj unexpectedly suggested that we go in the pool. Sheela seeing my one-piece costume told "Josh you are not going to wear that, aren't you..?". She had with her 2 pairs of bikini, we changed and joined the guys by the poolside. Ravin said "hey, you look gorgeous Joshnaa" And turned to Raj and said "hope you don't mind..?", Raj said "I was just about telling Sheela she looks delicious" and to which Ravin wittingly remarked "taste her , you would know..".
In the pool, Ravin started getting romantic with Sheela, they were kissing and petting. Raj looked at them and pulled me closer , his cock was rock hard. I could not believe that Raj was doing me in front of others, him the conservative. We had shower and I came out first , seeing the guys waiting eagerly ..I boldly said.. "you know, I have got nothing underneath this towel.." Raj smiled and said "that could be dangerous.." Sheela came in wearing Ravin's sleeveless T-shirt which hid nothing at all. We had another drink and put some mellow music and each of us went to their husband on different couches. I pulled myself to Raj chest and started biting his hairy chest, the towel had fallen off my back. I was topless , Raj was too excited to worry now. On the next couch, Sheela had already removed her top and was being licked by Ravin.
We were soon all on the floor, both of us riding our males next to each other . Raj was fucking me but I could see his eyes on Sheela. I lifted his arm from the floor and placed on Sheela's breast. He paused for a mins and looked for approval from Ravin who smiled at him, at that point, I stopped , stood up and asked Sheela to take my place on Raj's cock. I looked intently in Raj's eye when Ravin was about to insert his fat cock in me, he showed not objection and eventually smiled.
We fucked for hours exchanging couple but I had always had a fantasy of having 2 cocks within me. I had put myself on top of Ravin as he was fatter and asked Raj to gently push his slightly smaller cock in my anus. It was painful and was a difficult posture but we managed. It was sensational feeling each of them were penetrating to my full depth at different rhythms. It was simply magical. Raj enjoyed it too as he never taken me from the back before, Sheela was in front of me while I sucked her clit.
After I came, Sheela wanted to try it as well, but because Ravin was too big(cock) , Raj had the pleasure to fuck 2 women first time in their anus. When Sheela was done She whispered "next time get me something hard to put in my mouth while you guys have me" to which Raj said no problem..what he has in mind..will only know next time.
Josh.