My live in girlfriend, Nancy, is a wonderful woman. We share a lot of common interests, she is bright, and fun loving. She has a great job as a C.P.A. She is the love of my life. Our sex life is fantastic.
Nancy loves sex and is a great fuck. She also loves me to eat her pussy. When she gets turned on her scent is a lot stronger than other women I've known. I've gotten used to it and now I find it a huge turn on to go down on her strong smelling pussy. I like it so much I will often go down on her after sex. She loves that!
Nancy isn't bashful about sharing the details of our sex life with her friends. Most of them know that I eat her creampie. At first I was embarrassed for them to know I would do that, but Nancy explained that she was proud that I would do it for her. She said it was such a selfless "act of love." The truth is I have gotten hooked on doing it and like it nearly as much as she does. A couple of her friends even joke with me about eating a pie from them.
Nancy goes to the gym three times a week after work. One evening recently she called and said she was going to have a drink with Amy, a new friend she knows from the gym. I said fine, and waited for her to come home.
When she got home a couple of hours later, she was drunk and horny. She practically dragged me into the bedroom and took off everything while kissing me passionately.
Soon she lay back on the bed and spread her legs. Her pussy was freshly waxed and I immediately dropped to my knees and planted a kiss on her beautiful vagina.
She said, "If you'll eat me until I say stop, I'll make you an offer that just might be the thrill of a lifetime."
"My pleasure," I responded, "What do you have in mind?"
Nancy told me that Amy was going to have a sex toy party for some of her friends. Amy told her she had watched a porn video where a group of women had a male stripper at a party. The stripper teased all the women for a while, then ate the hostess's pussy as her friends watched. Amy then asked Nancy if she knew how to hire a man who would do that for her. Amy said she had contacted a couple of agencies but it was strictly no touching.
I was happily sucking and licking Nancy's pussy as she told me this.
Nancy then told me, "I told her I know a guy who would gladly do it."
I looked up and said, "You do? How do you know a male stripper?"
Nancy pushed my head down and pulled me back into her pussy. She said, "Keep licking and I'll tell you."
I went back to eating her out. I really love her warm wet pussy.
She then said, " I want you to be the stripper and eat her pussy in front of her friends."
"What? You can't be serious Nancy." I said.
"Keep on sucking me, Billy. I'm going to cum soon and probably squirt too." She said.
I went back to licking her wonderful fragrant womanhood. I love when she squirts and I am eating her out!
"I am serious. It'll be a hoot. Neither she nor any of her friends know you. I'll be there so nothing will happen that I don't want to happen, and both you and Amy will have the thrill of a lifetime." Nancy explained.
"I don't get to fuck her? I asked.
Oh no! You get to suck her to orgasm in front of her friends. You'll love it. When we get home we'll both be so horny we'll screw like rabbits. I'll be so turned on I'll be smelling like a French whore, and you can eat the creampie after you cum in me.
At that moment she started to clamp her legs around me and moan. She squirted into my mouth and had a powerful orgasm.
When she became still I said, "That really turns you on, thinking of me stripping and eating your friends pussy, doesn't it." My face was sopping wet with her juices.
"It really does, Billy, Say you'll do it."
"If you're really sure, I'll do it. Is she attractive at all?" I asked
"I'm sure. She is a little chubby, dark hair, and really sweet. No one has ever eaten her pussy for very long. A couple of guys gave her a few licks and quit so it'll be a real thrill to have you eat her until she orgasms, especially with her friends all watching." Nancy replied.
"You won't be jealous?" I asked.
"A little, but I'll get mine when we get home. It makes me feel so powerful getting a guy to do that for her."
"How about if we both get ours now," I said as I climbed on to Nancy and slid into her wet, slick pussy.
When I tried to kiss her she turned her head and said as she giggled, "You smell like pussy Billy."
"Yeah isn't it great," I replied.
We then fucked in several positions. She had another orgasm as I shot my load into her. She said she was tired, and was asleep in less than a minute.
I was awake for quite a while wondering if Nancy would reconsider all of this when she sobered up in the morning, I wondered what it would be like to be a male stripper for a bunch of drunk horny women. Would the woman really want me to go down on her with her friends watching?
Things were relatively ueventful until the day before Amy's Sex Toy party. That evening Nancy told me that she had talked to Amy, and that my role at the party was on. She said that we were to get to Amy's home a half hour before everyone else arrived. I was to be in a spare bedroom and put on a Superman costume. When I was called out, I was to go into the living room and do a sexy strip to music that they had on Amy's stereo. Nancy said she would call the shots from that point.
The evening of the party I showered and groomed appropriately for a male stripper. I am past forty and really thought I was too old for this, but Nancy said the women there were all close to our age and that I would be a hit. Still I was nervous.
Around six Nancy said it was time to go Amy's house. When we got there I met Amy for the first time. Amy was dressed in a nice blouse and a short skirt. She was cute, with dark medium length hair, about 40, and a bit chubby.
While my girl Nancy is pretty slim, I have always been attracted to girls who are a bit chubby. Amy had the kind of body I always liked. I knew I was going to like eating her pussy.
Amy seemed a little nervous as we said our hellos. Nancy then said, "Just relax Amy. After we all have a few drinks and we are horny from seeing the toys, Superman will do a strip and when he is naked I will tell him to get on his knees and thank the Hostess. He will then eat your pussy until you tell him to stop.
Amy looked at me with a smile. I responded, "I would love to do that while your friends watch if that is your desire, Amy."
Amy seemed a bit embarrassed, but said, "This is crazy but I really want to do it, no one has ever given me oral long enough for me to orgasm. It will be so wild having all my friends seeing Superman on his knees eating my pussy."
I went into the guest bedroom and put on my costume. There was a T.V in there and I tried to find a ball game to watch while I waited.
Later I heard the doorbell ring several times. I overhear muffled conversation. Then after a while laughter of the women at the party. I was getting more and more nervous, and tried to concentrate on the game on T.V.
Suddenly there was a knock on the door. It was Nancy and she said come do your stuff Superman!
I was as nervous as I have ever been in my life as walked into the Living room. Then the music started playing from the stereo. There were seven women in the room counting Nancy and Amy. Amy was on a chair from her kitchen in the middle of the room, the others were on a sofa, a loveseat, an another overstuffed chair.
I started dancing as provocatively as I could around Amy and soon took off my shirt. The women clapped and oohed at me. Then I methodically lost my shoes and tights as the music played. I was in a pair of black tight briefs showing my crotch to all the women.
Then Nancy said, "Take it all off Superman, show us your Super Package!"
I spun around and nervously pulled off my briefs and I was naked.
The women all oohed and aahed and one whistled.
Then Nancy grabbed my dick and pulled me to her where she took it into her mouth for a brief moment.
The women oohed again.
Then Nancy said, "Superman get on you knees and thank our hostess for this wonderful party."
I sauntered over to Amy, with the music still playing, and dropped to my knees in front of Amy who wassitting in that chair. I reached up under her skirt to remove her panties. Amy lifted her ass up a little to allow them to come off.
Suddenly, I could smell the strongest scent of pussy I have ever smelled. The whole room smelled of Amy's pussy.
This was the strongest smell of pussy I had ever experienced and I had to eat it! I didn't know what I would do.
I glanced over at Nancy, she grinned broadly. Nancy has a very strong smelling vagina and knows I love that smell and love to eat her when she is aroused. Amy's scent put Nancy to shame.
I looked around again and every eye in the room was on me. I think the other women were as shocked as I was at the overpowering smell emitting from Amy's crotch. Did they want to see if I would still eat her out under these circumstances?
Amy's pubic hair was trimmed and her labia were large and plainly visible. She looked clean, and I do love a fragrant pussy. I thought "Oh well, here goes nothing!"
First I kissed her inner thighs and breathed hot air on her vagina.
Amy swooned. Then I took a deep breath and licked from the bottom of her slit to her clit. The smell was almost overpowering but I liked it!
Amy moaned.
I then licked and sucked at her labia as she writhed in the chair. Soon I stuck my tongue into her hole and tongue fucked her. She grabbed my head and humped my face moaning all the while.
She got wetter and wetter and I had to swallow. There wasn't much taste but the odor was even stronger if that was possible!
I then went for her clit and licked at it. Soon I was sucking very gently at her clit and she clamped her thighs around my head as she screamed out, Oh my God!" She pulled back from me and I looked up at her.
I said, "Do you need a minute?"
She replied, "Please!"
I looked around the room, the women were all grinning, especially my girlfriend, Nancy.
After Amy's breath slowed down I asked, "May I thank you some more?"
She replied, "Oh yes if you really want to."
I just dove in again and stuck my tongue into her wonderful hole. I tongue fucked her, she bucked back, I sucked her clit, and swallowed her smelly girl cum.
She climaxed again and said, "Enough."
She pulled her skirt down, I stood up and the women all applauded. Then I returned to the guest room and dressed in my normal clothes.
After a while I could hear the guests leaving. Finally, Nancy came in and said, "Lets go."
As we drove home I asked if she knew Amy smelled that strong. Nancy told me that she knew Amy from the gym and yes, in the shower she could tell that she had a very strong smelling pussy.
"How was it," Nancy asked. "Did you like eating that stinky pussy?"
"Well at first I didn't think I could do it. It was kind of like the first time I ate your creampie. I knew I had to do it but , well you know, I knew I had to, so I did it and it was great. Did you like seeing me do it?"
"Yeah, it was a trip. The other girls thought it was great too. A couple even asked me if I could get you to come to their sex toy parties." Nancy said.
"You're not serious," I said.
She said, "Maybe. You eat stinky pussy so well maybe the next time you can eat a creampie for the girls."
"How will that work," I asked.
"I'll figure that out later," she said. "For now, lets go home, I'm horny."
"I aim to please," I said.
She said, That's great! I want to get fucked and watch you eat my pussy after you cum in me. Do you feel like a creampie tonight?
I said, "That's the least I could do for you after what you did for me tonight."