Note: this story is about Jeff's perspective of "Kelly's Festival Transformation". It's not required, but suggested to read that first. Enjoy! - bro_souffle2018
*****
A hiss rang through his dorm as Jeff cracked one of the leftover beers his dorm mate had left in their mini-fridge before going home. He'd been nervous through this whole week and needed something to help him calm down a bit. He didn't know why he was feeling this way. He trusted Kelly. She'd been so happy with him when they were together, and he couldn't imagine her getting into trouble.
Still, her going out with her friends to a late-night electronic music show, with all the wild people he was sure would be there, the people doing drugs, and her new independent life had his anxiety levels spiking. He knew he was probably freaking out a bit and it would be fine, but that didn't stop him from worrying. About what exactly? He didn't even know, if he was being honest about it.
It could've been partly because college had turned out to be quite a bit harder than he'd been used to and he'd been stressing out about it to her. Up until then he'd been the one to help talk her through her problems - her insecurities, worries about school, parents, whatever, but now it was her turn to talk him through his troubles as he told her how much harder this was than high school. He'd wanted to go into a computer science program and the one class he was taking for it was by far the hardest. The thought lingered in the back of his head about what he'd do if he couldn't cut it in the most basic class in his favorite subject.
Not that he had a ton to be insecure about. Jeff didn't consider himself a nerd or anything; he liked sports - fantasy football, watching his college's teams, he even played tennis when he could find a partner. He did like online culture, memes, video games, that kinda stuff as well. And he knew technology would be a great place to get a job after college. It wasn't the sexiest of interests, but he knew he liked it, and Kelly had always supported his love for it.
They had gotten together when he'd helped her through math class. They had happened to sit next to each other that year and, while he'd been a natural at it, he'd noticed her stressing out more and more in every lesson. It had taken some courage, but he'd worked up the nerve to ask if she needed help one day after class. She'd started with a "maybe", followed by an exasperated "yes!" to him. Math was his element, and he found himself to be confident in talking to her in the context of helping her study. After her understanding of the material began to improve, she'd asked how she could repay him, he'd nervously said with a date, and they'd been together after that.
In the past 6 months, Kelly had started exercising quite a bit more and Jeff couldn't help but notice that her body had filled out nicely from it. She'd gone from a skinny, small frame to a much more lean, curvy, sexy physique, and Jeff wasn't complaining one bit. It happened after her friend Sarah had first convinced her to start running, and then weight training; she had found a spark from fitness life she didn't know she had.
Sarah. One of his biggest worries was her friend Sarah. Since the first time he'd met Sarah, Jeff had gotten a bit of a "vibe" from her. Something about her just seemed...antagonistic toward him, even if her words had been nice enough. But more than that, she was always pushing Kelly toward a somewhat wilder persona. Sarah was the one that had gotten Kelly and him the booze, and then the weed when they'd tried them together their first times. He remembered getting the text from Kelly one day after a tanning session with Sarah, when she proudly revealed she'd taken her top off by the pool. Jeff had been angry when he found out about it although he didn't let Kelly know. He just thought girls with boyfriends should be more conservative with their bodies when they weren't with him was all. He knew Sarah had been the one to encourage her to do it though...so having her tagging along at a party like this one with Kelly felt like a potential catalyst for poor choices.
Sipping his beer, he checked the clock: 8 PM. She'd be getting ready with her friends by now. Knowing he couldn't text her a hundred times like he wanted to, he typed out a singular message that he hoped would convey all of his hopes for her that night:
[Stay safe ok? Don't get too wild!]
Hitting 'send', he dropped his phone on his desk and sat down at his computer. He'd have to play some games to take his mind off things: things like how long it was going to be before she texted him back. Settling himself in his chair, the phone chimed. A message from Kelly read:
[I will :P]
The rock in his chest dissolved. How could he be so worried? His innocent, cute girlfriend wasn't going to do anything.
He fired up his newest favorite, a futuristic first person shooter with a storyline he could absorb himself with. He'd already played the first level and was excited for more.
Playing through for a long while, he kept his mind on what he'd write as a review of it for his online buddies. Level after level, he did his best to immerse himself in the story. He raised his can to drink, but noticed it was empty. Getting another from the fridge, he checked the clock.
It had been an hour and a half since his last text. She'd have to have been at the show by now right? He pictured her in the crowd at a festival, surrounded by other young partiers. Would it be the worst if he checked up on her just to see how she was doing? Picking his phone up, he began to type before abruptly stopping himself. Maybe he should wait a little longer? It couldn't be that bad to be a caring boyfriend could it? The alcohol had him feeling a bit more at ease with his decision:
[Hey baby]
[Having fun?]
The messages were sent. She'd reply when she could; it might be a while anyway if she's busy having fun, he thought pragmatically. Turning back to his game, he unpaused and shot an enemy soldier before returning to cover. His phone dinged again and he paused to look:
[I am baby!]
He grinned. Her response was quick and coherent. And why wouldn't it be? Maybe she even was bored and wanting to leave already. There was simply nothing to worry about.
Except...well...what kind of fun was she having? Was she dancing? Who was there? Why was she enjoying herself? Was she drunk? Or stoned? Or both? He wanted to call her then...just to know what was happening. Looking at his phone, and her message, he thought about how happy he was with her response just seconds earlier. He turned his phone over. Don't be that guy, he thought to himself. He unpaused the game and charged at a new squad of soldiers.
He allowed himself to become engrossed with the game's story. Several more levels later, his phone chirped. Instinctively, he checked it - it was a notification from another app. Seeing that another hour or so had gone by, he noticed she hadn't sent anything since the last message. She had to have been having a great time; she was usually pretty good about her texting.
Or what if...what if she didn't want to text him back? What if she was having fun with someone? Someone she didn't want to know she had a boyfriend? A picture came into his head of her dancing with a faceless guy. Her body up against his, his hands on her, making her feel sexy...
He typed out a message only to immediately put his phone down. He didn't want to be a controlling boyfriend. He didn't want to upset her on a night she was supposed to be having fun.
But...what if she WAS thinking about...being bad? What if she just needed to remember she had a boyfriend? He decided that it wasn't so bad to ask for some kind of response since it had been a while:
[Hi baby]
[Can you take some pics so I know you're ok?]
He dropped his phone. Once again almost immediately his phone sang.
[Of course I'm ok. I'm with my friends]
He frowned and his shoulders slumped. How could he have been so worrisome...and weird? Why'd he ask for pictures? What if he was upsetting her? What if HE was the reason she got carried away?
His phone sang once more.
[I tried some molly too. It's really fun!]
His chest tightened hard seeing those words. He re-read it. Molly? Wasn't that like, ecstasy? He only knew about it as a party drug that ravers and clubbers did. He had no experience with it, and knew very little about it. He had no clue what a drug like that would do to her. She said she was having fun, but how?
Fuck...now he was wondering, what if his worrying was EXACTLY what he should be doing? He tried his best to stay calm in his reply:
[Wow]
[I didn't know you wanted to try that]
She didn't say anything about doing drugs like molly tonight. He thought she was maybe going to have some drinks or perhaps smoke some weed. Was his girlfriend going to become a fucking druggie? What else was she going to try tonight?
The knot in his chest tightened further. He frantically typed into his phone:
[Baby please be careful and send me some pictures]
[I'm really worried]
He waited by his phone, his head spinning a bit. Anxiety continued to grow in him as he thought about what she was doing. What if her judgement was clouded? What if some guy tried to take advantage of her? What if she forgot she had a boyfriend? More time went by with no answer. Why wouldn't she respond? She'd been so quick to reply before, but now, after dropping that complete bombshell, she was silent? Anxiety transformed into anger. What was she thinking? He deserved a response NOW. Before he could stop himself, he typed the messages and hit send:
[Kelly?]
[WTF]
There, now she would know he was upset. He couldn't believe her. He just wished she would have warned him. If she told him she was gonna try a new drug, he might have been more open and supportive. He wanted to be supportive for her.
But also, he started to think, what if...what if she was just trying to have fun? What if it was just going to be a good time with her friends? And now what if his angry messages made her upset? What if in her altered state she decided to "punish" him?
His phone went off then and the relief returned. It was pictures! Four pictures came in. He scanned them one-by-one.
He had no idea she'd just be wearing only a bikini top to the show. And the pasties poking out from them seemed a bit...scandalous for her. He knew he couldn't control what she wore, but still, why was she wearing so little? Who was she showing off for? At least she had shorts on...he knew rave outfits could get downright naughty.
Then he saw the last one. The last one had her posing with a shirtless, well built guy. He contrasted this man's muscular frame to his own slender body. Had she purposefully gone and found a guy hotter than him in response to his messages? Fear took hold this time, the brick in his chest returning. What if this guy made a move on her? He had to stop this while he could. He sent another set of messages:
[Whos he?]
[Are you partying with other guys right now?]
Obviously she was, but he wanted to let her know he absolutely didn't approve of her being high and around other men. Not if he wasn't there.
He unpaused the game, but didn't play. Enemies shot him freely and he watched his life meter dwindling away as scenarios played out in his head. It could just be a friend of course. She was allowed to have guy friends. Guilt began to creep into his emotions again. His phone dinged then and he saw a new message:
[Hey Jeff! It's Sarah]
What...this was weird. Why did Sarah have Kelly's phone?
[You need to stop freaking out and let Kelly have fun tonight ok]
What the hell?? A powerful surge of anger welled up in him. Sure he wanted Kelly to have fun, but he was Kelly's boyfriend! He deserved to know what she was up to! And seeing it was Sarah who sent the message made him even angrier. He responded so fast he didn't even check for typos:
[What thehell Sarah]
[Give Kely back her phone]
What was Sarah trying to do, taking Kelly's phone like this? The phone screen lit up; a pic came in this time. Kelly had her hands in the air and a smile on her face, her eyes beaming as she danced. He also noticed something else...her shorts...where were they? She was only wearing bikini bottoms - extremely skimpy bikini bottoms - now. Her bare thighs were exposed including a large portion of her ass, and the plump bulge of her butt was very much on display. Jeff had seen her in this bikini before of course, when she bought it, but never thought she'd wear it in public.
[She doesn't know I'm taking pics of her lol]
[She's rolling pretty hard right now I think]
[Doesn't she look sexy?]
[I bet all the guys think so]
Holy shit! He KNEW he hated Sarah for a reason, and now she was confirming his suspicions were correct. He was seeing red as he typed his response:
[Fuck you Sarah you beter give K back her fuking phone]
Another picture popped up in reply. The guy in the first pic had his hands on her shoulders, squeezing the muscles of her neck. Her head was back against him and her eyes were closed. There was no doubt...she was enjoying his hands on her. Messages followed:
[Awww don't be angry Jeff! Ted is giving her a massage and she's LOVING it!]
[I wonder if she'll let him do a little more than that?]
Jeff seethed, at Sarah but also at Kelly. It may have just a massage, but this was definitely over the line. Girls shouldn't get massages from guys that aren't their boyfriend, everyone knew that. And if she was letting him massage her, what else would she do? And if that bitch Sarah kept egging her on, who knows?
He didn't have much time to process things before the next picture came up. This time, Jeff's jaw dropped. Kelly was facing away from Ted and her bikini top was pulled to the side, a smile plastered on her face. Her perky breasts, with her nipples only covered by pasties, were exposed to the air in full view of Ted and to anyone else looking her way. He also noticed that Ted was nowveryclose behind her.
[Wow! I didn't expect her to do that!]
[Guess ted is making her feel pretty comfortable huh?]
[I'm really proud of her Jeff! You should be too]
[Always knew she'd look good showing the girls off]
The brick rose to his neck. Good girls didn't show their tits in public like this, even with pasties on. Was his sweet, cute, innocent Kelly losing control? If so it was all because of that fucking bitch Sarah. He rage typed once again, mashing the shift button:
[STFU SARAH GODDAMNIT YOU FUCKING BICTH]
The caps didn't do much to calm him.
After a short time, his phone chirped and he took a deep breath, his mind going a mile a minute, his insecurities about himself, their relationship, college, and everything else now bubbling to the surface. He slowly unlocked it and tapped on the awaiting message notification. A new picture popped up and he became dizzy at the sight of it. Kelly had a giant smile on her face with her head back against Ted and his hands in hers...covering her tits.
"Kelly..." he pleaded to the empty room. He wanted there to be some excuse for her, but there was no mistaking it from the photo. Another man was getting to feel Kelly's wonderful, perky breasts...and she seemedhappyabout it. He started feeling nauseous. Kelly was cheating on him.
Well, was she cheating? By most people's standards another guy touching your girl's tits was cheating on some level. They weren't kissing, he was just touching, but still, this was definitely crossing some line, right? She did have pasties covering her nipples, but even if she had a sweater on letting this guy touch her breasts wasn't ok.
He didn't want to break up with his wonderful, cute girlfriend, but, did he have to now? It seemed insane to think about it when hours earlier everything was ok. If it stopped now, and she apologized, maybe they could work things out? The tears stung his eyes; he mourned what they'd had until this moment.
His rage was leaving him and being replaced by sadness. He was powerless to stop his girlfriend from continuing...whatever she was doing. There was only one person who could do anything:
[Please stop this Sarah]
He typed it weakly. Maybe he could reason with his girlfriend's friend to stop Kelly from doing something she'd regret forever?
Several minutes later, there was another ring of his phone. He didn't want to look, but he had to know...he knew he'd look at whatever Sarah was sending eventually. Maybe she had stopped things from escalating. Maybe this was just a one night thing, whatever it was he was about to see. Opening the message though, his head started shaking. This was...this was too much.
His girlfriend's expression no longer had a smile on it; it was almost stern. She was leaning back further into Ted now and while one of his hands was still on her breast...the other was buried deep in her bikini bottoms. Ted's knuckles were bulging from her crotch. His girlfriend was topless, getting fingered by a hot guy, completely out in the open in a crowd of people in a festival.
Jeff's heart sank completely. He wanted to run away. He didn't know where or how, but he felt he needed to escape. A message followed:
[Why should I stop it? Look at her. Shes feeling the best she ever has]
[You should be happy for her.. her pussy's finally getting the attention she deserves]
[She told everyone how little love you gave it]
[Even Ted]
There was no coming back from this, was there? She'd only let Jeff touch her vagina until now, but now she'd, somewhat cheaply, allowed another man to touch it. He felt crushing, horrible shame at the thought. Maybe Sarah was right. Kelly had always said she liked the sex they had but maybe he should have tried harder to be sure she did. She didn't seem to like what he did when he tried to finger her, the couple times she had let him. But he'd always done what the guys did in porn. When he did she'd stopped him rather abruptly and asked him to just stick his dick in her. He thought it was because she was excited. And then licking a girl's vagina just seemed...gross to him. She'd seemed disappointed at first that he'd refused but had said she was ok with it when he told her that.
Another message came in then...only this time it was a video. His hand shook as he tapped the play button, enlarging it on his screen. Thumping dance music blared from his speakers, maxing out the audio of the video. This one was tough to make out. There was a crowd of guys facing outward, almost like they were protecting something. The video was low to the ground at first and seemed to be focused on the space between the guys' legs. There wasn't much to see beyond the calves of the guys, and the picture moved up over their shoulder. The camera focused and he cried out.
"No!! Kelly! Why?!" He wailed. There was no mistaking it. His cute, topless girlfriend could be seen bobbing her head up and down, her hand in front of her lips, gripping Ted's hard, thick cock as his dick went in and out of her mouth. She was giving him a blowjob. And it looked like a good one at that. She was rather fervently engulfing his dick with her mouth as she stroked his shaft. His hand cradled the back of her head as she methodically sucked him. Jeff couldn't believe how enthusiastic she was doing this. Despite his crushing jealousy he was sure it felt incredible for Ted.
The thought of the first and only time she'd tried to give Jeff a blowjob popped into his mind. On her knees, she had put her lips on his cock and he'd gasped so loudly. Then when she'd moved her velvety mouth up and down a couple of times his knees buckled. The buzzing of his cock as his balls started contracting began almost immediately after.
"OhgodImgonnacum" he'd blurted quickly and she'd withdrawn his dick right away, aiming his cock away from her. He'd exploded then, thrusting his dick in her hand as his semen squirted on the carpet. They'd agreed later that, while she liked doing it, she'd better not in the future as they didn't want him to cum so fast before they could have sex.
But here she was, those velvet lips moving across another man's shaft. This was definitely cheating. Kelly was cheating on him.
Well...there was the one thing...one hope he was holding onto; there was one way to rationalize giving her a last chance. She hadn't let Ted fuck her, yet anyway. If they were going to stay together, that she hadn't fucked anyone else was the only thread she had remaining...
[LOL]
[I seriously can't believe this!]
[She's really good at that isn't she Jeff?]
[not that you'd appreciate it]
The messages had illuminated his phone and he'd reflexively read them. More taunting...not that he could feel much worse. Not until he read the last message.
[Uh oh I think they might be taking it further now]
He looked back at the computer screen again. The screen was all red. His character had died and the game was asking if he wanted to continue.
---
The strong scent of alcohol from the vodka he'd opened was emanating through his dorm. Beer couldn't do any longer. He was now in the mood for self-destruction. He'd watched the video of Kelly sucking Ted's cock several times. And looked over all the other pictures again. He was beyond devastated, now just empty. The last message Sarah had sent him had removed all hope. That he hadn't heard from her in a while, he'd assumed the worst.
He was now imagining all sorts of scenarios where Kelly ended up letting this guy fuck her. Them going to a dark place and her taking off her tiny bikini bottoms...her laying back, or climbing on him, or bending over before she let him enter her. Her body bouncing with each thrust, her moans of pleasure...
His phone sang again. This was it. He opened his messages, bracing for the confirmation of his girlfriend's complete infidelity.
[Kelly is having SO MUCH FUN!]
[We're back at the hotel]
[You should thank me]
[I stopped them. I think they were about to fuck right there at the show lol]
He exhaled and felt himself...laugh? Should he be thankful? Thankful that Sarah, that bitch, had stopped Kelly from going all the way? A tiny bit of hope resurfaced in him.
[OMG Jeff I think Kelly is gonna get totally naked]
Jeff almost wasn't surprised at this point. The pulls of vodka he was taking seemed to be having an effect on his ability to be surprised. Still, she hadn't had sex yet.
A video came in. Kelly was now totally topless - she'd removed the pasties - and her bare tits were on display for everyone to see. She had her thumbs in the waist of her bikini bottoms and had an embarrassed smile plastered on her face. There were naked guys around her as well and he cringed at the sight of their cocks next to his half-naked girlfriend. Finally, she smiled cutely, and pulled her bikini bottoms down, exposing her slit to everyone in the room.
"WOW!" a voice came from outside the picture of the video.
Sarah's cheers erupted through Jeff's phone speakers. She zoomed in on Kelly's naked pussy, on display to the crowd, almost as if to taunt Jeff. Zooming out again, the picture was absolutely surreal. His cute girlfriend was in a hotel room, surrounded by people, completely naked. Anyone could see her tits, her butt, or her pussy if they wanted. And worse, there were naked guys around her too. Naked, muscular guys with obviously hard, sizeable cocks. All Jeff had left was the distant hope that maybe, possibly, she would change her mind and stop all of this before she ruined their relationship for good. More messages followed:
[I'm so proud of her!!]
A new picture came in. Kelly had her naked body pressed against Ted's and was apparently grinding her hips against him. His hard cock was pressed up against her stomach. Meanwhile, another guy was grabbing her tits. They were surrounded by other naked guys and girls dancing and looking on. He couldn't believe he was seeing this - that it was even happening. But, she wasn't fucking him though. He could see that. Maybe she was still controlling herself somewhat.
[Doesn't she look SO sexy?]
He had to admit, her fit, naked body did look incredible, even if it was pressed against another man's. He responded:
[Of course she does]
He hadn't thought the message through much, and didn't know why he sent it. His mind was cloudy. He hated all the bullshit. He hated everything. He just wanted to be honest.
[Wow!]
[Great to hear from you again]
[That's the spirit Jeff!]
[Isn't it hot that Kelly is being so slutty?]
[Don't you want to see her do this?]
[I mean I'm naked too Jeff]
[We're all naked and its AWESOME!]
[How about this]
[I'll send you a pic of me naked and if you look at it, itll be like you're cheating on Kelly, so then she'll be allowed to do whatever she wants]
A pic followed - it was a selfie of Sarah and, true to her word, she was completely naked. Her large breasts stuck out prominently, and her shaved slit just barely peeked out from the bottom of the picture. He started blankly at the picture of his girlfriend's naked friend. His cock twitched.
This was all...incredibly confusing to Jeff. He had no idea how to feel about the turn this had taken. He hated Sarah, but, well, he had to admit she was hot and he didn't mind seeing her naked body. He felt a new sensation coming on. His cock was hardening. Was this bad of him too? Maybe this was a good thing? Maybe accepting Sarah's weird reasoning would give him some semblance of power over this horrible situation? He lazily typed out a drunken reply:
[Nice tits Iguess]
He felt pangs of guilt wash through him for sending that message. But, he had to admit he felt slightly better now. He had some control, some power now.
[Wow thanks Jeff!]
[Wanna see more?]
Another pic quickly followed. He tapped it open. The color of flesh filled his screen, Sarah had pointed the camera up at her body from below her pussy, with the rest of her on display and a smile on her face. He'd never seen the pussy of a girl he knew besides Kelly's up until now. He had no idea what to say to any of this:
[Wow]
[Thanks]
She responded quickly.
[Yay! You're so welcome!!]
[I'm so glad you're so into all of this]
[I think it'll help given Kelly's current situation]
He looked over the last few pictures: Sarah's nudes, Kelly's naked grinding, the video of Kelly getting naked. His cock ached. Figuring he might as well get comfortable, he pulled his pants down, his erection flopping out. Staring at Sarah's pussy, he lightly stroked his cock head. He shivered at the electric feeling it sent through him. He then looked at the pic of Kelly, her naked body pressed up against Ted's. His cock was right there, just above her innocent, cute cunt. He only had to aim it a little lower to violate her and destroy their relationship.
He couldn't help but notice, her expression looked so...content. His girlfriend was definitely enjoying this. He brushed the tip of his dick again and felt the very early stirrings of an orgasm. Shame coursed through him. Shame at his apparently enjoying this picture, his lack of sexual ability, at his weak, scrawny body, at his premature ejaculating, at his inability to see his girlfriend's sexual discontent.
[OMG Jeff]
[Um so]
[I think you should see this happening]
The video chat screen popped up. Was she...video calling him? It rang a couple of times as he sat, frozen. Looking at the screen, he didn't know if it was the self-destructive feelings, the guilt, or the curiosity that did it, but he tapped the accept button.
His face, clad with puffy eyes, popped up on the screen. Meanwhile a grainy, flashy picture appeared behind him. The picture cleared up, and he saw Sarah's face develop.
"Hi Jeff!" she whispered excitedly. He hated her stupid face greeting him, but he found himself responding to it all the same.
"Hey Sarah." he croaked.
"I just wanted you to see what Kelly's doing...or maybe about to do?" she said with an evil smile.
She turned the camera around, and the picture blurred again. Refocusing, Jeff witnessed the scene, featuring Kelly, Ted, and some other naked partiers.
Kelly no longer had the happy, content expression she was just wearing on her face...now her expression was stern, almost pained. She was still moving up against Ted, but her gyrating against him was slow and deliberate. Ted's dick was still visible, but was pretty clearly now up against her pussy, sliding up and down. Her mouth was agape. He'd never seen her so focused. Jeff did know one thing: this still wasn't sex. Not yet.
"Sarah, please..." Jeff pleaded to his phone. She turned the camera around and held her finger to her lips, then returned the view to Kelly.
Sliding the length of his cock, her motions increased. Until, suddenly, she stopped gyrating altogether. Jeff saw Ted's dick was no longer pressed up against her pussy, but lower, down between her legs. Jeff could see her chest heaving. What was happening? Was his dick...was it going in her yet? Jeff noticed her stance shift, her legs moving a bit further away from each other. His stance shifted as well, his hips dropping slightly. His cock pointed up a bit again. She reached down and grabbed his dick, and began swirling it against her pussy. It wasn't in her yet, this still wasn't sex. She paused. He waited.
"Is she gonna do it?" Sarah whispered behind the camera to Jeff. He wasn't sure either. He could only wait and see.
"Oh godddd" he heard Kelly sigh. She began shuddering and her hips lowered just a little more and slowly, excruciatingly, the very tip of the head of this stud's cock disappeared into her.
There it was. Jeff slowly accepted what he was seeing now: his wonderful, cute, innocent girlfriend was now unmistakably letting another man push his cock into her pussy...
"Oh my god it's in!" Sarah whispered excitedly. "She's fucking him!"
His vision blurred again. Until now, her pussy had belonged to him, but here she was letting a new man into it, at a party, where everyone could see. He couldn't take it. He pressed the button to hang up.
Shortly after a message popped up:
[Are u ok?]
He was VERY far from ok. He replied anyway:
[How could you let her do this Sarah]
She responded immediately:
[I told you, she deserves it!]
Yeah she deserves this. She deserves to get fucked like the slut she is, he thought to himself. It was a dirty, awful thought. He'd never thought of Kelly as a slut. But the thought of her being one prompted an idea:
[At least send more video so I can see what she does]
He'd already seen her officially cheat on him. He might as well know for certain what else she did so she couldn't deny it later.
[So you DO want to watch her!]
[You freak]
He felt the tears begin stinging his eyes again at the shame he was feeling, and he typed quickly:
[I care about her. I just want to see what she does]
Her reply popped up:
[I know you want to see because she's so HOT]
A sadness washed over him. She was hot. And slutty. She was probably too hot for him. He was dejected and broken. Acceptance was creeping into his thoughts. He'd never get back his cute Kelly; she was a different person now.
After the next few minutes of despair, a new video appeared. He tapped it, almost indifferent to what would be in it. It began play with the back of Kelly's head. Her hair was shaking up and down and moans were coming through the speakers. The camera backed away and Jeff soon realized what he was witnessing. Kelly's shoulders, back, then ass were bouncing up and down, followed by the sight of Ted's cock sliding in and out of his girlfriend's tight wet pussy. It was one thing to watch her letting his dick in her once, but this was full onfucking. He had a full view of his girlfriend riding this stud's hard prick. Her moans were the loudest sound in the room as she violated herself on Ted's dick, unconscious of the crowd around her.
"Unngh...unhhh...mmm...ungh...ah...ohhh god...uuunggh...unhh...fuck..." he heard his girlfriend yelping as she bounced on another man's cock.
His hands were firmly gripping her ass and bouncing her gruffly on his dick. Her breathing was starting to get more rapid. Jeff recognized that breathing - it usually happened right toward the end of their fucking. However she didn't stop with heavy breathing. She started whining loudly...then soon she was full on screaming.
"Ohhhhh fuck TED!! OHHH FUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKK I'M GONNA CUMM!! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!" she shouted in elation. Jeff was in disbelief. He was watching video of his girlfriend cumming - something he'd never even seen her do - while riding another guy's cock. As he watched, Jeff lightly brushed the tip of his cock ever so slightly and he gasped as his dick flexed, coming very close to triggering his orgasm reflex. Meanwhile Ted's dick continually slammed into Kelly, his balls slapping against her ass, as she screamed in euphoria from her powerful orgasm. She sounded like she was trying to say words but they just came out as moans and gibberish as she continued to cum.
Finally her yelling began to subside and she did her best to catch her breath. The video ended.
[OMG]
[wasn't that hot Jeff????]
Jeff hadn't ever seen anything like this from his girlfriend. He'd never seen her lose herself so completely that way from fucking. The way she'd looked, sounded, acted: he'd never seen this version of her. There was another thought he was battling: that it was maybe the hottest thing he'd ever seen, while he knew it should've been the exact opposite. He typed out his honest response:
[I guess so]
Her next message came in quickly:
[Yeah? What'd you like about it you fucking freak]
He began typing - he didn't know why he was writing back to her, he didn't know why he was giving her the details, he didn't know why he kind of enjoyed writing Sarah this message:
[I guess I liked seeing her cum]
Why did he like seeing his girlfriend cumming on another man's dick? He should be more enraged, or sad, or embarrassed - which he still was, but more than anything he was feeling...turned on? Maybe it was the alcohol? Maybe feeling enjoyment was giving him some control over what was happening? Sarah's reply arrived:
[I did too! So glad you're so on board with watching your sexy girlfriend get fucked like she should Jeff]
[Oh wow I think she's gonna let him fuck her doggystyle!]
[you never did that with her did you]
She hadn't ever done that with him. He didn't think she'd want to be fucked that way, that she'd want to be fucked like dirty girls got fucked. Images flashed through his mind of Ted's view: of her cute, naked, fit ass pointing up at him, her pussy peeking out from between her legs, of his grabbing her ass, feeling its softness, and then guiding his cock up to her wet cunt, pushing it deep into her...
[aw you poor guy. She looks like she REALLY likes it with Ted]
Jeff continued envisioning his cute Kelly getting fucked from behind by this guy. It was strange knowing that what he was fantasizing about was actually happening at that moment. Several minutes went by, and Jeff rewatched the video of Kelly riding Ted's cock while he waited for whatever Sarah had in store for him next.
[OMG youre never gonna believe what she did now Jeff]
[Our sweet little Kellys becoming a real fucking slut]
A video popped up next and he frantically tapped it to open. What did that mean? And why was he somewhat excited to see this?
Kelly was on all fours, with Ted behind her. His hands were on her sexy, fit ass, and he was thrusting his thick, hard cock into her pussy from behind. However, that wasn't all. She was smiling, looking up at this new guy. Her hand was on his stiff prick, and was stroking it up and down. She did this for a few moments before, still looking up at him, she placed her mouth on his dick.
"Oh my god," Jeff said aloud. His exclamation wasn't from shame, but from pure disbelief at how far she was going. The flood gates had seemingly opened in his girlfriend, and she wasn't holding herself back.
Kelly began fervently sucking a new man's cock, while being fucked deep and hard from behind at the same time. She was pleasing two men at once, after having only slept with Jeff until that night. Her lips bobbed on the thick member of the man in her mouth as she backed her ass into Ted's cock pumping into her.
After only a short time of this, her mouth fell off the cock she was sucking. She had begun moaning louder and louder, and Jeff realized she was about to cum again. Her moans turned to screams as her orgasm exploded through her.
"Ohhhhhh...OHHH FUCK TEDDDD!! FUCK I'M CUMMINGGGGG!!" She wailed as Ted slammed his hard cock into her pussy from the back. Jeff could see what looked like her whole body contracting as she came for the second time.
"AHHHH! UNNNNGHH!! OHHHH! OHHHH FUCK!!" his girlfriend's shouts of pleasure filled the room. She absolutely loved this. Jeff could see her pushing her ass into Ted, trying to get his cock, which was already going in to the hilt, deeper in her still.
After several more shouts and moans, she slowed herself to breathe deeply, Ted's dick still buried in her.
[She's such a hot little slut now Jeff]
[fucking Ted and Brent at the same time]
[You should just watch with me I think]
Jeff's video chat rang once again and he answered it immediately. He didn't want to miss anything. Sarah's pixelated face popped up on the screen. She waved at him with a smile before turning the camera around to show Jeff the scene in the room. The three of them were on the bed now, Kelly on her back, her legs spread and Ted lined up between them.
Sarah positioned herself to their side, finding a perfect vantage point to view and video. Jeff watched Ted, dick in hand, aim his cock into his girlfriend's slit. He slid into her easily and they moaned in unison. Jeff could only imagine what her pussy must have felt like as Ted explored it with his dick. His thrusts into her were deep and deliberate, and Jeff watched Kelly's body respond in a way he'd never seen with him. Ted's hand reached for her breast and she pressed her chest up into his palm.
They lookedgoodfucking each other, as though they'd possibly been long time lovers before this night. Every movement one made, the other would respond in-kind. And yet, there were moments where Jeff just knew Ted couldn't help but be astounded by her. He saw Ted look down and just watch his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Jeff had done the same thing before, although his dick had always been covered in a condom, and it was so hot he usually came shortly after. With a smile, Ted confirmed he was definitely enjoying this incredible view he had of his dick fucking in and out of Kelly's tight young cunt. From Sarah's viewpoint, Jeff had an unobstructed view of Ted's cock spreading Kelly's pussy open over and over again as well.
All the while Brent had been on the bed, patiently waiting and stroking his cock next to her face as she had reacquainted herself with Ted's dick in this new position. Kelly looked over to him, and in a moment had her lips on his prick, taking him into her warm mouth repeatedly. She was pleasing two men at the same time again. Brent took his turn grabbing her naked breast, and Jeff found himself unsurprised when she encouraged his hand with her own.
Her moans were stifled by Brent's cock, but were unceasing as Ted continued his piping into her. Jeff noticed her eyes held an almost dream-like quality to them: halfway open as though she were slipping back and forth between fantasy and reality. Ted's strokes picked up pace a bit and her moans on Brent's cock became more pronounced. As his pace picked up further, her mouth fell off of Brent's dick to begin yelping.
Her yelps turned into yelling as Ted began moaning as well. Jeff quickly deduced what was happening: Ted was going to cum soon, and by the looks - and sounds - of it, so was Kelly. It was as though hearing the other's sounds made each of them louder themselves.
"Oh my god are they gonna cum together?" Sarah whispered happily into the phone. Ted's pace was quickening and Kelly's body was matching every thrust. Her neck and shoulders were craned forward toward him.
Words began erupting from her, "Ohhhh godddd...oh fuck TED! OHHH FUCK TED CUM! CUM INSIDE ME!! OHHH FUCKKKKKKKKKKKK I'M COMINGGGGGGG!!" His girlfriend wailed loudly. Ted let out one long groan before grunting abruptly and Kelly threw her head back and screamed. Jeff knew then that Ted had begun cumming inside his girlfriend.
She was screaming in orgasm, wailing in euphoria as this handsome guy sprayed his hot cum into her contracting pussy. It was as though the whole night had led up to this moment and all of the energy was being unleashed with their cumming together. Ted's thrusts were singular now, each one, Jeff imagined, accompanied by a rope of semen squirting into her, a moan from him, and an ecstatic yell from her.
Just witnessing Kelly's mind-bending orgasm, and thinking about the new man's cum spraying into her bare pussy caused Jeff's orgasm to begin on its own. He began to moan loudly into his empty dorm as his cum bubbled up to his cock tip, and he stroked his cock to the sight of Kelly cumming. Then with a yell, he squirted his semen into the air. He knew he should have tried to contain it, but he didn't want to. Several volleys of spunk landed all over the chair, his stomach, his dick, and hand.
"Are you there? Are you ok?" Sarah's voice came through the phone speaker.
"yeah" he eeked out weakly.
"What happened?" Sarah asked.
"Um...I uh...I came" he mumbled.
"Ohhh my god! You didn't!" she laughed. "Can I see?"
He pointed the camera down obediently at some of the globs of his cum that had pooled on his stomach.
"Wowwww you really did didn't you!" she teased. "Well it's good to see we're ALL enjoying this."
He couldn't say outright that he wanted this to happen. He didn't. But, he also couldn't deny the fact that just watching her fucking another man had made him cum.
"Um...wow...so I hope you want her to keep going, because it looks like she's about to." she narrated as she turned the camera back to the bed. The other guy, Brent, who she had been sucking off, was lining himself up between her legs. What was she doing? Was she going to let him...?
Kelly spread her legs wide for Brent, as he aimed his cock at her slit. Jeff's stomach turned as he watched Brent slide his cock between his girlfriend's pussy lips through his phone screen. Her breathing and body's signals told Jeff she wasn't going to stop things. Sarah then zoomed the camera in on Brent's cock moving to Kelly's opening, ensuring that there could be no mistake from Jeff about what was happening. Then, with one simple movement, Brent pushed his cock in, easily slipping inside her. They moaned in unison as he slowly and methodically pressed himself in, all the way to the hilt.
Kelly was now letting the second new man - in one night - fill her pussy. Another man was getting to feel her beautiful, unprotected cunt on his dick. All the rules about promiscuity and monogamy didn't seem to matter to her any longer.
Deep moans of pleasure from Kelly became audible again because Brent had begun rhythmically fucking her. Her legs were spread just a bit wider to accommodate his slightly thicker prick as she received it again and again.
"Yes girl" Sarah spoke suddenly, as a new man moved himself next to her face. Jeff had seen him in the audience earlier, and now he had his dick in hand, presenting it to Kelly to please. Looking over, she considered things for a second before, with a smile, grabbing his cock for him. With a few strokes, she took him in her mouth, to the vocal appreciation of the crowd looking on.
Sarah didn't leave the scene to Jeff's imagination. Panning around, she showed him the crowd of people, mostly guys, watching, and even filming. So many witnesses to Kelly losing control, high, naked, fucking and pleasing these other men with no reservations. Jeff had no idea Kelly had this in her, that she wanted all of this.
It wasn't too long before her breathing became harder on the cock she was sucking. Her back arched in response to Brent's fucking and her stifled moans got louder.
"Mmmmph...MMMMPHHH! MMMMMMPPPH!! MMMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHH!!" her cries came out through her nose. She was determined to continue her blowjob as she came, almost forgoing her own pleasure to ensure these guys got theirs. Her persona had seemingly changed from his cute, pretty, very nice girlfriend to their unreserved, dirty party slut.
Her breathing resuming its normal pace at the end of that orgasm, she sat up and eagerly flipped herself around. She was moving with purpose now. His girlfriend pushed her ass in Brent's direction. Jeff could tell she wanted, badly, to be fucked from behind by him. Brent obliged, another man now entering her from behind while her boyfriend Jeff hadn't. As Brent fucked into her, she quickly took the other guy's cock in her mouth.
It wasn't long after that when Brent, grunting loudly, suddenly pulled his cock out and began stroking it over her. Jeff was surprised to hear her take a moment from sucking to encourage him.
"Oh fuck yes Brent, please cum! Oh god yes cum on me!" She was begging this man to cum on her back. It was so dirty to Jeff hearing her talk that way. His cock twitched at the notion.
With one long groan, Jeff watched in amazement as Brent's cock sprayed a blast of cum on Kelly's cute ass and lower back. She'd never let Jeff cum anywhere on her before...he figured she'd think it was gross. Another squirt followed, landing more on her butt than the first. Jeff heard giggling, and saw Kelly shaking with laughter. She was definitely enjoying this. Brent continued groaning as more cum jumped from his cock onto her ass. Pools of white dotted her naked butt as Brent's cock dribbled the remaining fluid on her. There was a lot of cum on her now. Brent wiped his dick off on a clean part of her ass and she shook it lightly for him, looking back with a cute smile, a smile he returned. Sarah zoomed in so Jeff could get a good look at the cum from this other man decorating his girlfriend's butt.
Brent stood up and left to clean up. Using the top sheet to wipe her ass off, she commanded the man she'd been sucking to get on his back, and he complied. Jeff noticed the change in her tone: she wasn't the timid girl trying new things any longer...she new what she wanted and was going to get it. She straddled this new guy and had no hesitation this time in grabbing and guiding a new cock into her.
Another new man was getting a chance to fuck Kelly, or in this case, get fucked by Kelly. Jeff realized then how much she wasn't concerned about her "number" of sex partners any longer. In fact, it seemed like she was almost excited to fuck a new person this time. She slid herself all the way down to the base of his dick, and quickly started riding him. It wasn't long before a new member of the on looking crowd emerged, putting a hard dick next to her face. Jeff found himself almost unsurprised this time when Kelly placed her beautiful mouth on his cock and began sucking. Was she just going to fuck or suck...anyone now?
Bouncing her ass up and down while she sucked, Jeff noted a new level of enthusiasm and confidence in Kelly; she was very eager to please, and please herself, with these men. Moments later, the man she had been riding moaned. She looked like she was ready for this: she hopped off him and stroked his cock against her pussy. Jeff saw his girlfriend's pretty smile return when the man spurted his semen in the air, on her tummy, her pussy, her hand, and himself. The smile turned from cute to naughty as she looked at the cum coating her hand. Jeff groaned as his girlfriend brought it up to her mouth, tasting, and obviously enjoying, cum for the first time.
"She really likes that cum now Jeff doesn't she?" Sarah teased. She definitely did, he thought to himself. Kelly glanced around the room excitedly, surveying the crowd, before getting on her back once more, and as before, letting the one she'd just sucked prepare to fuck her. The guys who'd been watching began grouping around her, and Jeff knew they were now seeing their chance to possibly have their turn fucking this cute party girl. Jeff saw the fourth man enter her cunt, and her lips wrap around another, and then a third guy began groping her young perky tits. With cocks in her pussy and mouth, her attention still fell on this third man. After a short moment of consideration, she reached out and started stroking his dick as well.
"Oh fuck..." Jeff mumbled as he saw his sweet Kelly pleasing three cocks in unison with her hand, mouth, and pussy. After several strokes with each, she freed her mouth and spoke to them.
"Ohhh...ahhh...mmmph...Ohhh my god you guys...Oh god I love your dicks...fuck...oh god I love them so much...ahh...mmm...I want your cum...please fuck me" She sounded like a porn star and Kelly was happily playing her role for them. Jeff noticed how quickly she'd become comfortable with the dirty talk.
Moaning from the one between her legs began, and he withdrew his dick from her, jerking his cock rapidly. A long blast of cum spurted from his cock on her tits and stomach, and she cried out with enthusiasm at his cumming on her. Her mouth falling open and tongue sticking out, the next spray went even further, translucent liquid splashing Kelly's cheek and chin to her delight. The third shot reached her cleavage but mostly fell on her stomach, with the guy milking cum from his cock onto her pelvis and pussy through the rest of his orgasm.
Jeff could see Kelly was now well covered in semen at this point, and she seemed to love the feeling of it on her. His girlfriend rubbed some of the warm cum across her skin like lotion, moving it more evenly across her body. Jeff made the mistake of brushing his cock slightly as she did so and his orgasm reflexively began anew. He groaned loudly at the sight of his adorable, innocent-turned-nympho girlfriend spreading spunk all over herself. Once again, he jerked his cock until it exploded his semen all over himself, yelping with each spurt, fueled by the vision of Kelly's cum-covered body. He was a real mess. He hadn't even bothered cleaning up from the first orgasm. This time, Sarah hadn't seemed to even notice; she was equally wrapped up in Kelly's scene herself.
He exhaled as he recovered his wits from perhaps the most intense orgasm he'd ever had. The shame, guilt, and general horrible feelings returned, but he did his best to subdue them with a new idea: that maybe his enjoyment of this made this all ok. Maybe he didn't have to break up with her? Maybe this could just be the initiation of a new phase in their relationship, where sometimes they can have sex with other people?
As Kelly received the next set of cocks in her mouth and pussy, Sarah spoke.
"Hi Brent!" Sarah chirped from behind the video.
"Hey sexy" Brent replied coolly. "So...you want some of that action your girl is getting right now?"
"Oh! Um, maybe just a little..." She responded cutely. She turned the camera away from Kelly's fucking to show her hand moving up and down on Brent's hard dick. Jeff watched Sarah move the view down closer to Brent's cock, and then saw her face move next to it. With a now familiar naughty smile, she took Brent's dick in her mouth. Jeff's dick hardened, painfully now from cumming twice in a short time, at the view.
After several pumps into her face, she addressed the camera, "See Jeff...our group of friends aren't those 'good girls'," she paused to lick the length of Brent's cock, and then sucked him a few times for good measure, "...us girls, we're gonna go out, have fun, get fucked up, and fuck whoever, whenever we want, ok?" Her lips returned to the member in front of them.
"Are you filming all this?" Brent asked with a laugh.
Sarah took him as far in her mouth as she could before removing her lips with a pop, "No, I'm just letting Jeff watch..." she replied very nonchalantly before resuming her blowjob.
"Oh damn...like, as in her boyfriend? What the fuck?" he said, surprised, still laughing. The pangs of shame returned for Jeff, but he battled them with his newfound rationale. Another guy's voice came through the speaker then.
"Holy shit that's that girl's boyfriend watching? Damn dude that's weird!" he laughed. Sarah paused sucking Brent and shushed him with a finger to her lips, laughing too. Kelly's moans continued behind them, confirming she hadn't heard.
"Hey can I see that phone? I promise I won't tell her, I'm just gonna ask her something." the guy reached for the phone. Sarah bobbed a couple more times on Brent before shrugging and handing to the stranger. The random dude moved the camera into the crowd, the picture clearing up to reveal a glistening Kelly still moaning into a cock in her mouth, jerking a new dick, while another guy piped into her gap between her spread legs. The stranger's voice came in through the video.
"Don't you have a boyfriend? What would you want to say to him if he was watching you right now?" Kelly paused her sucking and stroking momentarily, as her body continued moving back and forth from the dick fucking her. Her labored breathing continued as she looked up at the camera; her sultry eyes, pupils round and dilated, pierced Jeff. She resumed her stroking of both men before she spoke.
"Fuck...oh god Jeff...their dicks feel so good fucking me...Oh my god...oh fuck I love feeling them in my mouth and my pussy baby..." Needles ran through Jeff's skin as he listened to her speaking to him, "...mmmmm they made me cum so hard with their hard cocks Jeff...ohhhhh...ahhh...unnnghh...and...and I loved feeling them squirting their hot cum in my pussy...and in my mouth and all over me...ohhh FUCK baby!" she whined to her boyfriend. She didn't know it, but she was confessing to Jeff her complete appreciation of her own sluttiness. She put her mouth back on the previous dick, and Jeff felt his cock twitch again.
"Damn dude she is a freak!" the stranger said aloud. Groaning began from the man in her mouth, and she focused herself on sucking him completely. Jeff witnessed his girlfriend begin gulping the sticky seed of this man cumming in her mouth, swallowing a load of cum for the first time. For more than a few seconds her lips were locked on his pulsing shaft as he ejected semen down her throat. Jeff was amazed to see no cum escape from her lips, hesitating for a final moment on his hard dick before her lips fell of him. With one last swallow, she opened her mouth, confirming to Jeff, and the room, that she'd taken it all.
The next men took their place in her mouth, her hand(s), and her pussy, and Kelly apparently hadn't lost her energy for fucking in all of this. After a small time the one in her pussy suddenly put his cock up to Kelly's lips and she opened her mouth in turn. The man began squirting his cum on her lovely face, and she smiled and Jeff gawked while she happily received a massive facial. Jeff's mouth hung open, astonished. White cum dripped off his girlfriend's beautiful cheeks, lips, chin, and nose...and she looked like shelovedit. Thinking quickly, Jeff took a screenshot on his phone.
She flipped over for the next man to fuck her from behind, and, with a new prick in her mouth, Kelly was back to being spitroasted.
"If I get a chance, I'm gonna get in on this dude," the stranger whispered to Jeff through the video. He stepped forward, right next to the man fucking Kelly from the back. He moved the camera really close to show the dick piping into her. The hard cock slid in an out of her with ease. The pace of his fucking quickened before suddenly slowing and the man exhaling. Jeff saw the cock pulsing semen inside his girlfriend, however she didn't seem to really be reacting. The camera moved up to show her continue busily sucking off a lucky stud.
As the drained man stepped back, the camera holder stepped forward. Still stroking his hard cock, he lined himself up behind Kelly. He held the camera close to her ass and rear pussy, Jeff noticing some remaining cum from the previous guy leaking out of her.
"Look at that perfect ass and pussy" The camera guy uttered to Jeff as he placed his dick at her entrance. Placing a hand on her back, Jeff had a perfect view as this stranger slipped his prick into Jeff's girlfriend.
"Oh fuck her pussy feels so good..." his quiet words came through. Jeff saw him grab a large handful of Kelly's ass as he piped into her. Moving the camera up, he showed that she still hadn't looked back from her current blowjob. Panning down again, he displayed his view of her asscheeks shaking up and down, his thick cock pounding all the way into her, and her tiny, tight, perky asshole peeking out just above her pussy. Jeff took another screenshot.
His pace quickened, the skin of her ass slapping against him loudly. Kelly began to cry out from the hard fucking. The stranger then moved the camera down between their legs, providing a dark but discernable view of his cock slamming into Kelly, his balls smacking her pussy with each thrust. Jeff took another screenshot.
He moved the camera back up to her ass, grabbing her hip for stability. His cock pumping hard into her, she started moaning really loudly then. She was going to cum on this stranger's cock in full view of Jeff.
"UNNNGHHH! OHH FUCK! OH FUCK I'M CUMMING!! OH GOD FUCK MEEEE PLEEEASSEE!" the stranger panned up from his dick momentarily to show her screaming ahead of her, still not looking back. It was as though she didn't WANT to know who was fucking her. "AHHHH!! OHHHHH MY GOD! YEEESSS!! FUCK YES!" Kelly squealed.
The moans of the man began as hers subsided. He panned the camera back down just before slipping his prick just out of her cunt. He moved the camera very close to his cock, and, stroking his dick quickly, he let out a loud sigh amidst Kelly's labored exhaling. His cum leaped from his cock, splashing her pussy lips, before he pressed his cock into her, spurting a shot inside her cunt. Withdrawing it again, this time he squirted a shot onto her asscheek, followed by his aiming the next spray of cum directly onto her cute little asshole. To be sure, he shot the last couple spurts on her asshole as well, covering it with milky white cum that dripped down and joined the bit coating the outside of her pussy. Jeff took several screenshots.
The camera holder stepped back then and the man in her mouth moved to fuck her. Moving back into the group watching, he spoke to Jeff once more.
"God damn that pussy was good. She's incredible man." Jeff appreciated this guy's appreciation of Kelly, despite the circumstances.
"I'll take that back now, thanks" Sarah said to the stranger, the camera moving away from Kelly.
"Sorry about fucking your girl man." Jeff caught as the phone was passed back to Sarah.
"Hi again Jeff!" She waved at him through the camera. "Thanks for letting me have a break to fuck Brent for a while. Hope it was good for you too!" Sarah had no idea what he'd seen.
"Hey, Kelly's battery is getting low, I'm gonna switch to my phone ok?"
"Ok-" he didn't even get it out before the call ended. Suddenly he was alone, silent in his dorm. He looked down, still covered in his own cum. What else would, or could happen tonight?
His phone buzzed to video chat and he accepted. Sarah's face popped up and she smiled at him happily. Sarah returned the camera view to Kelly, who was riding a new guy's cock fervently. Jeff noticed that some of the men were back in the group around her, filming and photographing from their phones. With this many different people recording, it seemed almost certain to him that this would end up getting shown to more people. Maybe it might end up online. He winced, thinking about seeing video of his sweet girlfriend losing control in a gangbang on various porn sites. He thought of his friends or relatives who might come across it by accident and would recognize his adorable girlfriend who they thought was so nice, before then seeing her naked and fucking these guys. He was mortified at the thought.
Over the next long while, Sarah dutifully documented from her phone as the group of guys all had their turn, and second turns, getting fucked or sucked by Kelly. He even witnessed her getting her pussy licked by one lucky stud.
"Oh wow, I think I hear something naughty going on in the shower," Sarah interrupted the scene. "One sec, the door is open, I'm gonna go see who's doing who," Jeff had the urge to yell at her to continue showing Kelly, but figured she wouldn't listen to him anyway.
He watched Sarah take her camera into the bathroom, where moaning from a different group of people began emanating louder and louder through his speakers. She turned the corner to the stand-up shower to see three naked people, two girls and one guy. Jeff realized the guy was Ted - he was behind one of the girls, who Jeff recognized as Kelly's friend Dana, fucking her from behind standing up. Meanwhile Dana was rubbing the pussy of the other girl, their friend Steph, while Steph rubbed Dana's clit. Both girls were moaning loudly, touching their bodies with their free hands.
"Damn everyone's getting in on the action huh? Hope Lisa's getting hers too..." Sarah joked. She filmed the scene for a while, the girls soon switching places for Ted to fuck Steph. Seeing this, Jeff realized that, despite the significance of Kelly's actions to her and Jeff, she had really just been another girl Ted had fucked that night.
As they both watched Ted pump into Steph, Sarah asked Jeff quietly "So are you gonna break up with Kelly now?"
"Um...I don't know actually" Jeff responded truthfully.
"Well, just FYI, I'm pretty sure Kelly's done with boring, shitty sex now." Sarah bluntly informed him.
"Yeah I get that I guess..."
"And like I told you, we're going to fuck who we want, boyfriend or not." She said matter of factly.
"Well, if we do stay together...and she does do...stuff...with other guys...could you maybe let me watch again?" He asked timidly. She smiled into the camera.
"Maybe...freak." For the first time in a while, Jeff felt better about the way things were headed.
"Let's check on Kelly again, I'm not hearing so much from that room anymore" Sarah volunteered. Jeff was more than happy to return to his Kelly. She peered around the corner just as a guy was moaning, spraying his cum all over her, to her delight.
"Alright, I think she's finishing up...I'm gonna go take care of her, she's had a very long, very naughty night."
"That's probably a good idea."
"So that means I have to say goodnight"
"Oh. Ok..." He tried to mask the disappointment in his voice. "...Sarah?"
"Yeah?"
"Thanks for letting me watch everything I guess."
"You're welcome you weirdo." And with that, her face disappeared as the call ended. He took a long breath, and then looked at the time - it was 3 AM.
He got up and went straight to bed, everything that had happened playing over and over in his mind as he stared at his ceiling. His phone suddenly buzzed and he looked at it with confusion. Seeing pictures attached, he opened them excitedly. Pictures of Kelly posing in different positions, covered in cum popped up, sent from her. He figured Sarah must have taken and sent them after she finished fucking, and now she was sending them to him.
It dawned on him then that Kelly would probably be discovering soon that he knew everything that happened. After considering for a second how she might be reacting at that moment, his phone buzzed.
[I'm so sorry Jeff. I love you but I guess this is who I am now.]