Bob and his wife Dorothy head down to the park one weekend to sit and read and get some sun. It was a beautiful summer day and the park was crowded with families and couples walking about and playing on the lawn.
"Honey, let's go find a secluded spot. I might want to take my top off and really soak up the sun," said Dorothy with an impish smile.
"Come on now, you can't do that here, it's too crowded. Look around," laughed Bob. He was very familiar with his wife's penchant for outdoor nudity, but she normally restricted this behavior to remote or private places with no people around.
"But look how beautiful it is out here, I can't be all covered up on a day like this," she whined playfully.
"Look, you've got your bikini on under your clothes," said Bob reasonably. "We can strip down to our bathing suits like just like we planned."
"You know I'll get tan lines and everything," muttered Dorothy searching for a spot to sit. "Just humor me, I am sure we can find an out-of-the-way place."
"This park isn't very big..." said Bob nervously.
The couple walked to the edge of the park where it bordered some woods on private land and they found a little clearing that is set back from the footpath that encircles the park.
"This is fine," said Dorothy happily. She throws down her bag and starts spreading the blanket about 20 feet from the path partially screened by some low bushes.
"It is nice and sunny here," agreed Bob. "But there is no way you could strip here. You'll be clearly visible from the path."
"Well, there are these bushes," said Dorothy with a half-hearted smile, gestures at some low shrubs.
"Come on, those don't offer any privacy," countered Bob. "Just skip the naked sunbathing idea for today, OK?"
"Alright dear, whatever you say," agreed Dorothy reluctantly. She casually pulled off her t-shirt and shorts while Bob stood admiring her gorgeous hourglass figure as she stood in her bikini.
"I don't blame you for wanting to show off that body," he growled flirtatiously, grabbing her by her soft white hips.
"Stop it," she laughed, giving him a quick kiss and then pushing him away. "No PDA please."
While Bob stripped down to his swimming trunks, Dorothy unpacked their snacks and pulled out their novels. They settle down and are soon engrossed in their reading. It's a wonderful spot. A cool breeze blows out of the woods and they are far enough from the center of the park to not be disturbed by the raucous laughter of the children playing there. Few people passed by their little clearing and pretty soon Dorothy get emboldened.
"Honey, will you run back to the car and get the other thermos? I want some iced tea," she asked sweetly.
"No problem, dear," said Bob and he gallantly jumped up to go fetch his wife some tea.
As soon as he is out of sight, Dorothy looked around cautiously. No one was on the path so she slipped off her top and wriggled out of her bikini bottom. She breathed a sigh of relief as her large breasts swung free and the cool breeze stiffens her pink nipples. She scratched at her bush distractedly, enjoying the unique feeling of freedom she experienced being nude outdoors.
"Now this is the way to enjoy a beautiful day," she sighed to herself. She knew her husband would be miffed when he got back, but she liked being naughty sometimes.
By the time Bob returned, Dorothy was already engrossed in her book again.
"Christ Dorothy," he exclaimed as he approached on the path. "Anyone passing by could see you perfectly well from the path here." He stood there, themos in hand, shaking his head. The sight of his wife boldly displaying her lovely body made his penis stiffen with lust. He eyed her large round breasts with their erect pink nipples hungrily as he approached.
"I don't think anyone will say anything," she said with a wicked smile.
"Well, any guys that pass by certainly won't complain," admitted Bob, adjusting his erection.
"Jeez, look at you," laughed Dorothy, grabbing the bulge in Bob's shorts. "You like it when I act a little slutty."
"Ha, maybe I do," he agreed amicably, flopping down next to her. "But I will be embarrassed as hell when the next passersby come along." He paused, contemplating his wife's shapely bare thighs and slightly unruly snatch. "Won't you be mortified if someone sees you?"
"I don't know," she admitted, scrunching up her nose cutely. "I think I will just sit here reading as though it's the most natural thing in the world. Folks might take a peek, but I'll bet they will just keep on walking."
"Ok, that' what I'm going to do then," says Bob. "But if the police come, I don't know you."
"Thanks alot Sir Galahad," laughed his wife.
The first people to pass by were an elderly couple. A man and woman were walking slowly together and enjoying the day. Bob glanced up furtively then back down to his book again. His heart start pounding with anxiety and he wriggled with embarrassment. He glanced up again to see the old man staring open mouthed at Bob's nubile wife. Then the old woman took notice. Bob quickly averted his eyes and felt a horrible urge to jump up and run away when he was surprised to hear the old couple break out laughing. They just shook their heads and chuckled as they walked slowly on their way.
Bob looked over at his wife who kept her eyes glued to her book the whole time but was blushing madly. "See," she croaked nervously. "No big deal."
Bob relaxed after that incident and found himself enjoying the weather and his tea as he sat reading and chatting with his wife. A couple of lone joggers passed without taking any notice of Dorothy at all. But then a group of fraternity boys in hurley t-shirts with backward baseball caps came sauntering along the path, and they stopped in their tracks when they saw Dorothy. They starting pointing at her naked body and hooting with excitement.
"Oh shit," muttered Bob. "Just put a blanket over yourself, will you?"
"Fuck, I hate to cave in to a bunch of assholes like that," said Dorothy through gritted teeth. "I'm not going to let them push me around."
"Push you around?" sputtered Bob. "What are you talking about?"
"I'll show those fuckers," whispered Dorothy. Then she lifted her head up from her book and waved to the frat boys. "Hello boys, enjoying the view?" she shouted boldly.
Bob had to admit that was a gutsy move and the frat boys did shut up for a moment, completely taken aback by Dorothy's audacity. But then, one especially cocky looking jerk wearing his sunglasses backward on his head squared his shoulders, fixed a grin on his face, and strode right over to Bob and Dorothy's blanket. His friends exchanged nervous glances and followed hesitantly.
"Wassup," said the frat boy nodding to Bob and Dorothy and then gazing down unabashedly at Dorothy's bare boobs. "Nice rack." His friends broke out giggling behind him.
"Uh, yeah, thanks... I guess," said Dorothy with distaste. All the guys were staring at her body, but she just sat up straight and let them look. She kept her arms to her sides and refrained from the urge to cover her nipples and her crotch. "Hey you know what would be cool? It would be cool if you guys could chill out and leave me alone," she said boldly.
Bob tried to square his shoulders and seem authoritative, but it was hard when he was sitting next to his naked wife while she told off a group of meatheads.
"Oh yeah, like, we're so sorry," said the leader furrowing his brow in mock contrition. "You have every right to hang out totally naked with that smokin' body without being harassed." The way he emphasized "smokin" made Bob grit his teeth in anger. "But you know what? I think everyone should be allowed to hang out naked. In fact, to show there is no hard feelings, I will join you." With that the guy pulled his shorts right down and his erect penis came popping up, pointing directly at Dorothy's face. His friends all broke out laughing in amazement at this.
"Jesus Christ," shouted Bob, jumping to his feet. "What the fuck do you think you are doing?"
"Easy, bro, easy," said the jock stepping a bit closer to Dorothy so that his swollen cock was just a foot from her face. "If she can hang out naked, I can too." He started stroking his dick as he said that. Bob noticed with discomfort that Dorothy was gazing with fascination at the purple head of the penis bobbing just in front of her mouth. She started touching her nipples distractedly as she contemplated this young guy stroking his cock right in front of her.
"Oh man, look at her, she's playing with her titties," snickered one of the frat boys.
"Now who's enjoying the view, baby?" asked the leader, noticing the interest the Dorothy was taking in his cock.
Dorothy blushed deeply and pulled her hands away from her nipples. "Eh, it's a dick, no big deal," she teased shrugging her shoulders. The frat boys laughed at the way Dorothy emphasized "big." Even the leader had a chuckle at that, but he kept his cock directed at Bob's wife's face and he kept stroking his rod.
"Come on honey, let's get out of here," said Bob nervously.
"I'm not going to go anywhere," said Dorothy decisively but she never took her eyes off the cock in front of her face. "I'm not going to be driven out of this spot by these asshats." The frat boys laughed with delight at being called "asshats."
"I like her, she's feisty," said the leader to Bob while he jerked his thing in front of his wife's face. He stood another step forward and practically stuck it in her eye with his rod, but she reached up instinctively and pushed it away.
He gasped with shock, "How dare you touch my penis!"
"Keep that thing away from me," said Dorothy. She was breathing heavily now and Bob would swear that she was actually aroused by this situation.
"I'm sorry," he responded softly. "You seemed so interested in it..."
Bob strode forward and pushed the leader backward interceding between the leader and his wife. "Get the fuck out of here," he demanded hotly, holding his fists up.
"Honey, just relax," said Dorothy sharply. Then in a softer tone, "It's a free country, they can do what they want. I am just going to lay here and ignore them." Then she leaned back on her elbows and spread her legs slightly, exposing her bush to the group suggestively.
"Uh, what?" said Bob, distracted by the sight of his wife's gorgeous body spread out for the whole group to enjoy.
"Yeah, sit down, honey," said the leader. "She's right. Nothing to get worked up about."
Bob was torn. He knew how stubborn Dorothy could be. He was afraid to argue with her in front of these guys. He felt that would be a sign of weakness. So he had no choice but to play along with Dorothy's lead.
"Ok, no problem," snapped Bob. He backed away from the confrontation and sat down next to his wife. His mouth was dry, so he poured himself a cup of tea.
"Can I have more tea, too, dear?" asks his wife casually, ignoring the group of frat boys standing several feet away.
"Aren't you going to offer us any?" asked the leader with a hurt expression, cautiously drawing a bit closer to Dorothy.
"Oh are you still here?" drawled Dorothy with a bored expression. She looked down at his cock, hanging limp between his legs from the clash with her husband. "Ha, what happened to your big purple cock? Doesn't look like much now."
But his cock responded to her attention almost immediately and began noticeably swelling as it filled with blood.
"It knows your talking about it," said the leader smugly coming over to stand before Dorothy. Bob didn't like how close he was standing or the way the big frat boy gazed down hungrily at his wife's exposed beaver. Dorothy's eyes widened in surprise at the leader's cock rose up into a stiff erection before as she looked on. "Yeah, you like that?" he asked confidently. "Your body made that happen." He started stroking his meat again as he stood over her naked body.
"You like to play with yourself in public, huh?" responded Dorothy laconically, gazing at the frat boy's cock which had quickly regained it's purplish hue.
"Hey, if a sexy lady spreads her legs for me, I will jerk it wherever... in the park... in church... wherever." He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly as his buddies broke out laughing. Dorothy couldn't help herself and laughed along with them while Bob sat gritting his teeth in anger and jealousy.
"You would do me in church huh?" asked Dorothy with a smile, nudging her pelvis upward for emphasis.
The frat boys broke out in further raucous laughter at her little pelvic thrust and Bob's face was burning with humiliation. She seemed to actually be flirting with this asshole now and he had no idea how to stop her. If he chastised her, she would probably resist him and the frat boys would mock him. So he just sat and drank his tea in frustration.
"Dude, did you see that little groin move she made?" said one of the leader's sidekicks. "She's into you."
"I would definitely fuck you wherever you let me," said the leader looking Bob's wife up and down. "You have got a hot motherfucking body... and I like the way you dress."
Everyone laughed at that, including Dorothy. Even Bob had to struggle to keep a straight face.
"Yeah, the way I dress," said Dorothy softly. "That was clever, actually." Bob's guts twisted with angst as she looked up at the frat boy with amusement in her eyes. "But I can't let you do me, I'm a married woman," she said with a twinkle in her eye.
"But what if your husband went along with it?" asked the frat boy, waggling his eyebrows at Bob lewdly.
"Of course I would never go along with it!" squeaked Bob in indignation and the frat boys all laughed at the way his voice cracked from the stress. Bob's face burned bright red from the humiliation.
The leader just pursed his lips judiciously. "Now don't rush into a decision, my man," he said, wrinkling his brow. "I mean you let your wife take her clothes off in a public park, now didn't you?"
Bob said nothing and just glared up at the frat boy who desisted from jerking himself and just waved his phallus back and forth as he started pacing back and forth above Bob's wife as she lay spread out before him. Bob was mortified to see Dorothy's eyes fixed on that stiff prick the entire time. She had a little smile on her face and her tongue was poking out slightly between her teeth, which Bob knew was a sign of intense interest in his wife.
"What were you thinking when she pulled her top off and those amazing orbs came popping out? Of course any red blooded guy who laid eyes on those bad boys would need to come over here and investigate." He gestured reasonably to his buddies and they acknowledged his point. "Next, I would like you consider the intense interest your wife has shown in my humble johnson. You might have noticed that she can't seem to pull her eyes away from my cock. I think it would be terribly selfish of you to deprive your woman of the pleasure my penis will bring to her."
Dorothy laughed out loud with delight at this, "You're pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?" she said looking up at him with a lascivious smile and spreading her legs a bit more. She cupped her breasts in her hands and started unconsciously toying with her nipples again.
"Dude, I think she just spread her twat a little more for you," laughed one of the frat boys in surprise.
"She playing with her titties again too," chimed in another.
Dorothy just shot them a dismissive smirk before returning her attention to the leader who stood waving his cock above her.
"It's true, buddy, your wife clearly wants me to sink my meat into her. Be a sport and give us a few minutes alone, will you?" said the frat boy earnestly.
"Honey, let's get out of here," said Bob jumping to his feet decisively.
"Oh Bob, why are you letting these guys get your goat?" pouted Dorothy cutely. "Can't you see that they are just excitable young guys who haven't seen too many naked women before?"
"Come on, Dorothy. This has gone far enough, we are getting out here right now," demanded Bob, going out on a limb.
But Dorothy just looked up at him with her inner eyebrows arched skeptically. "If you want to go, feel free. But I am going to lay right here and enjoy the sun. frat boys or no frat boys," said Dorothy firmly. "Of course, I want you to stay," she added quickly when she saw Bob's face turn white.
Bob couldn't believe that she was doing this to him. He had no idea what had gotten into her. Dorothy didn't know herself. She hated to admit it, but she was incredibly turned on by this brash douchebag of a frat boy. She wondered what that stiff purple penis would feel like plunging into her cunt while his buddies looked on. She was sure that she was soaking wet by now.
Bob was very afraid that if he left now, the frat boy would just climb onto his wife and start fucking her right there in the park. So he swallowed his pride and sat back down by her side. Meanwhile, the frat boy kneeled down on the other side of Dorothy with his knees practically touching her side and his cock hovering above her belly button.
"Do you mind if I kneel over here?" he asked politely, looking down into Dorothy's eyes.
"It's a free country," she responded breathily, gazing back into his eyes with frank lust.
Bob wriggled uncomfortably at this exchange but could think of nothing to say.
"You know, your skin in incredibly nice," said the frat boy, putting his hand casually on Dorothy's belly. She gasped in response but didn't object. Bob said frozen with indecision. "It's so soft," said the jerk running his rough calloused hand lightly over Dorothy's stomach.
"Thank you," she gasped, barely able to breathe from excitement. Her pelvis thrust upward against reflexively and she had the intense desire for him to put his fingers inside her. The frat boys gathered more closely around to get a better view and Bob noticed one of them unzip his own fly to start jerking himself as he watched. The situation had clearly escalated out of control and he had no idea how to stop it short of dragging his wife physically away, and even that probably wouldn't work at this point.
"I don't want you to touch my wife," said Bob suddenly. Dorothy looked over at him with concern, but the frat boy just kept rubbing her belly.
"Don't be selfish, Bob," he said in an infuriatingly familiar tone. "Besides, I notice that your wife isn't objecting. You don't want me to stop, do you darling?" He looked down into Dorothy's eyes with a imploring tenderness that Bob found surprising.
"I... I guess it's OK..." said Dorothy in small voice, looking at her husband with concern.
"Yeah, sure it is. Perfectly harmless," said the leader soothingly as he started making wider and wider circles with his hand until he was alternately brushing the top of Dorothy's public hair and the bottom of her breasts. Bob noticed Dorothy's belly quivering with excitement and her eyes were locked with the douchebag's. The frat boy's penis started giving little spasms of excitement as as he felt up her naked body.
Dorothy looked down at it and made a little "O" of surprise with her mouth. "Your thing is hopping..." she said thickly.
"It's cause your tits are so fucking big," he said as he brazenly gripped a boob in each hand.
"Cut the shit," squawked Bob helplessly as the frat boy started kneading Dorothy's boobs in his hands and pinching her nipples.
"Take it easy, Bob, everything is going to be ok," said the frat boy in a friendly tone. "You can't blame me for going after these titties now, can you? Look at these things." He squeezed Dorothy's tits and pointed the nipples at Bob playfully. She giggled in spite of herself and reached down to grab hold of the frat boy's purple cock.
"Ah fuck, atta girl," he gasped with pleasure. "I thought you would never cave in and grab that thing."
"Oh you like that?" she purred sexily as she started pulling on his swollen member.
"Dorothy!" exclaimed Bob in shock. "What's gotten into you?"
"I don't know, honey," she said apologetically, tugging away on this other guy's cock the entire time. "I just ... Jesus, he's as hard as a fucking rock. And it's purple for Christ's sake! I mean, who has a fucking purple penis?" She laughed weakly, averting her eyes from the stunned expression on her husband's face, as she continued to work the frat boy's tool.
The frat boys laughed raucously and crowded in closer. "This is awesome!" muttered the guy who was jerking himself as he watched.
The leader looked over at Bob and said, "Pardon me, Bob." and he swung a leg over Dorothy so that he was straddling her with is cock in her face. She just broke out laughing hysterically.
"Oh my God, you are really going for it!" she exclaimed happily.
"Care to suck a purple penis?" he asked casually as he reached behind him and started exploring her twat with is fingers. Bob looked on in dismay as his wife hungrily thrust her hips upward in response to the frat boy's fingering and simultaneously took his cock into her mouth and started sucking it urgently.
"Man, look at your wife going to town on Joey's rod, Bob," said one of the frat boys with a laugh. "It's like she hasn't had a dick in ages."
"Shut the fuck up," said Bob numbly as he looked on in shock.
"Ok, that's enough honey," said Joey pulling his thing away.
Dorothy gripped it and didn't want to let go. "I want more," she pleaded. Her eyes shining with lust.
"Don't worry, I'm going to put it in you now," he said tenderly. The frat boy turned and gave Bob a cocky smirk as Bob sat staring open mouthed at the site of his wife refusing to let go of this douchebag's penis. Then the frat boy deftly squat-thrusted into a missionary position and dropped down between Bob's wife's legs. He grabbed his dick and nudged the head gently between Dorothy's labia, moving it up and down her slit to get it lubricated. "She's real wet," he told Bob confidentially.
"Don't tease," whined Dorothy, her cheeks flushed and eyes burning with lust. "Put it in me," she begged, avoiding her husband's glare guiltily.
The cocky frat boy thrust his hips down, smoothing plunging his stiff prick into Dorothy's hot sodden snatch. She gasped with pleasure and wrapped her arms around his back eagerly.
"See, you like that, don't you?" he asked her.
"Yeah, it's real hard," she admitted, her wits dulled by lust.
"Take that!" he grunted as he started pumping his thing in and out of Bob's wife. She clung to him making little whimpering sounds of passion. He turned to Bob and panted, "Oh man, your wife's pussy is so fucking tight, it's awesome!" Bob couldn't take any more and jumped up. Bob was about to give the frat boy a kick, but one of his buddies intervened.
"Hey, I know how you must feel," said the frat boy sidekick interposing himself between Bob and the fornicating couple. He continued in a surprisingly compassionate tone. "But you should just let him do her at this point. Look how into it she is."
Bob paced back and forth in frustration as the leader drilled his wife on the blanket they laid out just an hour before. A group of teenagers was gathered on the path watching in fascination. Suddenly Bob's wife cried out in ecstasy as she entered the throes of climax. Bob looked over to see the frat boy pull out and spill load after load of hot sperm all over her soft white belly. She jerked his cock to help him finish and looked over at Bob with an apologetic expression. "Sorry honey," she said to Bob with chagrin.
Just then the guy jerking off while he watched knelt down by her side and shot a load right into her face.
"Jesus christ!" she said, punching him in the gut angrily. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?"
The guy fell back on his ass laughing. "What? Are you going to get all picky now? You just fucked my buddy without even knowing his name."
"I didn't know his name, but he had the balls to whip his junk out and take control of the situation. You're just a fucking peanut in the gallery, jerking your pud," she replied angrily wiping his cum from her face. "I don't want your fucking jizz on me."
All the frat boys laughed uproariously at this and the leader got up and gave his buddy a swift kick in the ribs. "She told you off, Patterson. That was epic. I love this lady." He went and found his shorts and pulled them on. "Ok, we are out of here," said, bending down to give Dorothy a kiss on the cheek. "See you later gorgeous, thanks for the shag. You were amazing."
"You too, purple penis man," said Dorothy with a laugh.
Joey turned to Bob and held out his hand, "Hey, no hard feelings, huh, bro?"
Bob just slapped his hand away in anger and turned his back on him. Joey shrugged his shoulders and helped Patterson to his feet.
"That kick really hurt, bro," complained Patterson.
Joey just punched him in the arm as hard as he could in response.
"Ow, what was that for?" yelped Patterson.
"That's for taking liberties with my woman," said Joey with a laugh as the group walked away. Bob gritted his teeth in anger that this douchebag was calling Dorothy "his woman."
Just at that moment a policeman pushed through the crowd of teenagers and strode casually over to where Dorothy was laying, naked and covered in cum.
"Hello, officer," she said sardonically. "Can we help you?"
"You can help everyone by putting some clothes on. I'm going to have to take you two in for public indecency," said the policeman shaking his head sternly.
"Oh, I don't know her officer, I was just passing by," said Bob thinking quickly. As he walked away he heard Dorothy screeched in complaint behind him. He only felt a little guilty about it. Maybe she deserved a night in jail for cheating on him like that.