Emily shifted awkwardly in her office chair. She was hot, and nervous, and edgy. The atmosphere in the office was too close; the air conditioning had failed and it was simply too humid to sit comfortably. She glanced around the large open plan office. Many of her colleagues had gone to lunch; taken the opportunity to spend some time outside and make the best of the beautiful weather. Some remained; eating at their desks. Her manager sat opposite her and a few terminals down, engrossed in his work.
Emily's nerves, however, had nothing to do with the temperature. She kept her eyes on the time, unable to concentrate on her work, unsure of when she would be called upon. She only knew slightly of what he had in store.
She knew he was going to arrive at her workplace, and she knew she was going to meet him. But she did not know when, and she did not know what he intended for them to do.
She had followed the rules he had set her. She was to wear a black pencil skirt to just above her knees, and beneath it stockings and a suspender belt. He specifically required she wore no underwear. She smiled to herself as she thought about what lay beneath her smart outfit, and felt an undeniable wave of arousal as she shifted in her chair, feeling the smooth material of the skirt directly on her skin. Her mind drifted as she recalled and desired his lips on her lips, kissing her hard, and then moving to her neck, her throat; his teeth and tongue and mouth all over her; urgent, passionate kisses, giving away the force of his desire towards her. She glanced down and saw the material of her stiff cotton white blouse straining where her nipples, had hardened against the cloth, clearly visible without a bra. She noted the slight pull between the top buttons as her breasts were restricted beneath the fabric. Her outfit was undeniably sexy, and knowing she was dressing like this for him turned her on immensely.
An email caught her eye as it popped up on her screen. She did not know the sender's name, but she knew his identity. It consisted entirely of four words: "Undo your top button". She looked around the office. It was a large room, an open plan office with some people at their desks, some walking around. It was at least half empty. She looked back at the screen and thought about following the instruction she had received. Another email appeared. "I'm waiting". Emily did not know how he could see her. He did not know if there was a webcam at her desk, if he was in the office, if he was outside looking in. Awkwardly, she moved her hand to her blouse and undid the top button; the strain on the blouse gone, and her cleavage clearly on view. Her heart was beating hard and fast, and hands shaking very slightly. She had only undone one button but she knew what this meant, and what he had in store for her.
As she expected, he sent her another email. This one consisted of further instructions: "Pull your skirt up high, so that it is round your waist. And undo a further button. Then look in your top drawer on the left." Her mouth was dry. He was asking for her be naked from the waist down, at work, in the office. Nervously she checked round the room again to see who could see her. Her manager would be able to see, if he looked up, what she was about to do. But he would only see her shuffling in her chair; moving. He would not see her exposed stocking-clad legs, or the fact she was not wearing underwear. She could feel how wet she was, just at what she was being asked to do. She edged her chair closer to her desk. If she could get as close as possible to the desk, no one would see. Her legs would be under the desk. Slowly, she put her hands to the bottom of her skirt and began to pull it up, the tight material getting caught slightly on her stockings. She stopped when she reached the top of her thighs; nervous. Pulling it right up would make it a lot harder to pull back down in a hurry. Her heart hammered in her chest, so loudly she thought other people must be able to hear it. An email appeared on her screen again. "Don't make me wait." She pulled the skirt up as far as it would go. It was at her waist. She looked down and saw her stockings and suspenders, and her pussy. The sight turned her on. The fact he was watching her and instructing her turned her on even more. She felt the wetness between her legs and shifted, parting her legs slightly. Her pussy felt hot, and she could smell the scent of her own juice.
She suddenly remembered the rest of her instruction. To open another button. This was trickier with her manager so close by; the top half of her was far more visible. Her desire was making her bolder though, and the thought of someone seeing what she was doing no longer seemed so wrong. She opened the button and watched as her breasts were almost exposed; the fabric covering her nipples but their fullness clearly on display. She wanted so badly to touch them, and to touch in between her legs. But she had further instructions to follow.
She turned to the drawer and pulled it open. Inside lay a butt plug with some lube, and what she presumed was a vibrator. She gasped; she should have known that this was something he would be likely to do, but even so, she was shocked. The very notion that he intended she would use these toys at his command, in her office shocked her; but it aroused her considerably.
She looked back up to her screen and saw he had sent her another message. "Spread your legs". She did as she was told, wondering how he could see when she was hidden below the desk. She presumed it was a camera of some sort, but she could not believe he had managed to get it installed under her desk at her workplace without her knowing a thing about it. She knew he was could see directly between her legs and this sent a thrill through her, knowing he was watching her so closely. Almost instantly he sent her another message: "Thank you. You are very wet. I can see your cunt juice; it's practically dripping. I want to see more though. Touch yourself. Make yourself even wetter. And make sure your cunt juice runs over your arsehole. I want to see you play with your arsehole."
She knew she would not say no, she knew she would do as he said. The fact it would be obvious to anyone who saw her now seemed to be slipping further from her mind. She slid her hand under the desk and touched her pussy lips tentatively. She was soaking wet, and she slipped a finger inside her cunt. She pulled it out and then pushed in another finger, slowly, feeling her juices dripping out of her. She started finger-fucking herself, slowly and deliberately. She needed to touch her clit though, it was throbbing just at the anticipation of being touched. She pulled her fingers out of her cunt and circled her clit, rubbing softly at first but then more urgently. With her left hand she pushed a finger into her cunt and felt the wetness oozing round her hand. She did as she had been instructed and directed the juices below, to her arsehole.
She had to spread her legs further though, and it was at this point she realised she no longer cared if anyone saw. She pushed the chair back slightly and pulled her legs up so her heels were on the chair. Her knees were now visible over her desk; her stockings and suspenders and soaking cunt could clearly be seen by anyone close by, as could her hands between her legs, pleasuring herself. She ran her finger over her tight arsehole, the wetness from her cunt acting as a natural lubricant. Slowly, she pushed a finger at the entrance to her arsehole, whilst still rubbing hard on her clit with her other hand. She pushed further, until her finger was buried deep in her arse. She looked over to the other side of the large office, and felt eyes on her. She saw a colleague she did not know, but whom she had seen a few times around the building. He was watching her, his face giving away nothing. He did not appear shocked, or aroused. He simply watched. He was some distance away but she knew he could see what she was doing. A shock of pleasure ran through her as she inserted another finger into her arse, with the pleasure in her cunt building up, further and further.
Another message appeared on the screen: "Stop." Instantly she did what she was told, but the pressure between her legs was throbbing, and she was irritated he had made her stop. Stopping made her realise just what she had been doing, and humiliation flooded over her as she realised how many people had been watching. Her manager had clearly known for some time what she had been up to. She looked over at him and he did not respond, but she knew she was ok. She knew this was not a problem. No one was stopping her. No one was asking her to cover up. Those who had noticed were just looking, from their desks.
The next message arrived. "Look at the toys. Take the plug. You know what to do. I want it fully inserted, so that it will stay in if you stand up. Whilst you do this, take the vibe and hold it over your clit. Don't worry about the on-switch." She wondered what this meant, but did as she was told. The vibe was metallic and cold on her hot, wet cunt. She did not switch it on because she could not see how to. She picked up the plug and placed it at the entrance to her arsehole. It looked big, and she was worried about how she would fit it inside her. She looked up, and saw six or seven pairs of eyes on her. She opened her legs further, aware of being watched, and concentrated on beginning to push the plug in. Suddenly she jumped with shock and pleasure, as she realised the vibe was controlled remotely. He was controlling it. The vibrations were slow, and quiet, but came as a delightful shock. The pleasure began to build rapidly, and she rubbed the vibe on her clit, wriggling and pulsing in her chair, but then suddenly the vibrations stopped. Her pussy was so wet and slippery. Shocks of pleasure throbbing through her body. She looked down, at the big black plug she held at the entrance to her arsehole. Slowly, she began to push, and she felt it stretching her tight hole. The wetness from her cunt continued lubricating her arsehole, and suddenly the vibrations began again, making her jump. She rubbed the vibe hard on her clit, the pleasure between her legs building up again, her pussy contracting and spasming, as she pushed in the plug with her other hand. She watched as she inserted the plug; the feeling and the sight of her arsehole being penetrated whilst her cunt was not sending waves of pleasure through her. The plug was deep inside her, and there was not much further for it to go before its widest point. She paused, savouring the feeling of being stretched and exposed, the vibrations on her clit driving her wild, and close to orgasm. She was at his mercy though, because she knew he could stop the vibrator at any moment. It was this thought: the fact that he was making her do these things at her own desk, that he was watching her, and controlling her pleasure, that sent her over the edge. The orgasm rocketed through her body, and she pushed the plug in as far as it could go, feeling her arsehole swallow the largest part of the plug, leaving if fixed in place, with just the end outside her body. Her pussy contracted hard as the intense orgasm continued to sweep over her and she took the hand that had been holding the plug and pushed two fingers deep inside her, feeling her pussy clamp down on her fingers, and feeling the plug in her arse, from inside her cunt.
She gasped as the orgasm began to subside, and pulling her fingers out from inside her, she unconsciously brought them to her mouth, and tasted her own juice. She had been watched by many people in the office, and she could not believe what she had done. Her legs were still spread, the plug was still in her arse, and she looked and felt like a slut. Just as this thought crossed her mind she received another email. "Thank you. You performed beautifully. However, sluttish, exhibitionist behaviour in the office in full view of everyone will not be tolerated. You need to be fucked, and taught a lesson. Stand up and pull your skirt back down. Leave the butt plug in. Do up your blouse. Go to the balcony on the fifth floor, and meet me there."
Emily began to stand up, shakily, eyes on her from all round the office. She was hot, and exhausted. With her skirt up round her waist and her pussy on display beneath her stockings and suspenders, she felt the plug in her arse as she straightened up. Awkwardly, she pulled her skirt back down to her knees, and, hands shaking, fastened the buttons on her blouse. With as much dignity as she could muster, and without looking back, she made for the door, heading for the fifth floor.
--- End of part one ---