How Cara Learned to Stop Worrying – Pt. 4 – Telling the truth; Cara and Keiji get handsy on a train.
(I didn't expect this to happen when I conceived the first sex scene of the first part of this story, but it seems like I have more to say than, "Girl meets guy, bones him, it's awesome, the end." This installment has a lot of talky-speaky-discussy with no sex for quite some time, but if you're into the story I hope you like it. Stick through the heavy stuff; I promise there's smut in here. Or just wear out the scrolly wheel on your mouse skipping to the good bits. I've done both in my day. CTRL+F+splooge?)
"Evan, we need to talk."
My son looked up from his book -- a copy ofJulius Caesar-- with an evasive look on his face.
"Mom, if it's about my room I swear I'll clean it tomorrow. I just want to finish this tonight so that I can move on toHamlet. We have to decide which one we want to do before Thanksgiving break," Evan said, returning his large blue eyes down to the page. Jesus, a performance ofHamletin middle school? Then again, I guess being murdered by your best friend isn't much nicer. This drama teacher wasn't playing around.
"Ev, no," I said, sitting down next to him on the bed. "It's not about your room. It's nothing you did. Please, it's important."
I had his attention now, but he had to make sure I knew how much I was annoying him. He put the book down with a gusty sigh and crossed his arms over his chest, an "I'm waiting" expression on his face. Looking at him I remembered him as a baby; so young, round, and sweet. He had always been a good listener, adept at interpreting my meaning. I hoped he would draw on those skills now.
"I met someone."
"Oh...kay," he said, on edge at once. I tried to be careful about making our lives a revolving door for random men, but after I broke up with Adam Evan declared me hopeless and said I should give it a rest. As much as his words hurt, I didn't address it with him any further. I knew he was hurting more than I was, especially with Reed so far away.
"Hana," I said, and saw his eyes go wide with surprise. "Hana's uncle. He says he knows you. His name is Keiji. I met him atOur Town. We've been seeing each other since then."
"Why are you telling me this, Mom? I don't want to know the gory details. You never told me about anyone else. You just say, 'Hey Ev, here's this guy! He's so great! Let's all go out for a picnic!'" Evan tried to play his words off with a smile, but his tone was acid. I took a deep breath.
"I'm telling you because. We aren't just dating, Ev."
His smile faded.
"You're joking," he whispered. His voice got louder. "IknowKeiji. He's cool, he hangs out with us whenever he's visiting Sachi. He's never said anything aboutyou. What, are you guys like, married? Yeah, right!"
"I asked him not to say anything, Evan. I wanted to talk to you first, but I waited to make sure--" I stopped, trying to take the pleading tone out of my voice. "Evan, try to understand that we didn't plan it this way. I'm going to have a baby in the summer. Mid July, I think."
His tough-guy façade crumbled. He hid his face in his hands for a long moment and didn't look at me when he spoke again. His voice was dead.
"How do you know."
"Evan..."
"How do you know it's him?" he choked, meeting my eyes with some effort. His nostrils flared.
"Evan, it can only be him," I began, ready to explain that I had waited until I was at least eight weeks along to tell him, wanting to spare him my anguish if something went wrong and made this whole situation nothing but a crazy memory. But by now I had seen a perinatologist (due to my "advanced maternal age"). She showed Keiji and me the baby on the ultrasound machine; we saw its tiny limbs moving vaguely, the heart pumping at what seemed to us to be an alarming rate. It looked like a gummy bear with an oversized head. We had looked at each other, tears in our eyes, terrified and elated. I knew miscarriage still wasn't off the table as a possibility, but by now I was praying to the porcelain god every morning and it was getting harder to hide my growing waistline. Everything that had happened to me with Evan seemed to be happening even faster this time -- my belly was already round and hard, difficult to suck in.
"Why! Why in the fuck are you doing this! Why did it have to be him? Do you even know anything about him!" Evan burst out. Now it was my turn to be shocked.
"It--it's only been about two months, I know, but we've seen each other as much as we can without neglecting our other responsibilities, I've been trying to get to know him--"
"This is disgusting, you know," he interjected, running his hands through his dark curls. He looked a lot like Reed when he was angry. "Neglecting other responsibilities, sure. This guy has lots of responsibilities. You know you're just his flavor of the month, right? He's always bringing over a new girl, all thesehotgirls. Once he had two of them and said they were just his roommates but they couldn't keep their hands off of him. Hana laughs about it, says he's so cute, too bad he's her uncle, hardy-har-har. I used to think it was cool, he got so much pussy, but now I know he's fucking gross. You've known him for two months and you're having his kid? What did he do, hypnotize you with his dick?"
I tried not to be shocked at his words -- I know how kids talk, I used to be one, and I can swear like a sailor with the best of them. I expected him to be emotional but I didn't expect this depth of anger; he had thrown me completely off my planned script. His words also cut right to the core of my worst fears. As amazing as these past weeks had been, Ididworry about my future with Keiji. I worried that my affection was misplaced, that I had been "hypnotized by his dick," so to speak. And it still made me feel uneasy every time I learned more about Keiji's sexual past. The doubts started to whisper again and I wished he were here to ease my mind. But maybe that was exactly the opposite of what I needed.
"Evan, I'm sorry," I said, looking down and fingering the pattern on his quilt. The tears began to drop out of my eyes. "I'm sorry to surprise you like this but I wanted to you be the first person I told. I haven't said anything to Grandma or Grandpa yet."
"What about Dad?" he asked, sitting up straight and getting a faraway look in his eyes. Searching for Reed.
"He doesn't know yet."
"I want to go live with Dad," he said, his response immediate and firm. He looked at me straight on, his expression full of challenge and some other emotion I couldn't read. I sighed, feeling utterly defeated.
"Ev, you know that won't work--"
"Why not!"
"We've been over it before!" I said, my voice starting to rise. All this painful shit all over again, me feeling rejected by him, him feeling rejected by Reed, and I was the one to dredge it up. I made my bed, all right. "You can't go with him because his company is so new, he has to be there all the time. He's not home enough. He can't be there for you. He can barely call you right now!"
Evan's face went brick red. He knew I was right, and he hated me for it. Well. Mission accomplished, I guess.
"Like you're fucking going to be here for me now with your precious little shit machine and your baby daddy, who also happens to be the town bike in case you didn't know," he spat, deliberately trying to wound me. I saw no way out but to end the conversation and let him live with the knowledge for awhile, feel out all its sharp edges in his own way. He wouldn't be placated and led into acceptance by me.
"Evan, all I can ask of you is that you trust me. I've thought about it for two months and I want to have this baby. I know it's going to take some time to get used to the idea. Keiji says he's not going anywhere--" Evan barked out a harsh laugh here "--and you know I'm not going anywhere. I will be here for you when you want to talk. I love you, Evan. I love you so much."
I didn't try to touch him; I knew he would flinch away and I couldn't take any more heartache tonight. I got up as gently as I could and left the room, closing the door behind me. I didn't move for a few minutes, but I heard nothing. The silence was deafening.
***
The next morning I knew I needed to talk to Reed. If there was a parallel experience in my life to my present situation, it had happened to me with Reed. He might have some perspective to offer, might give me some idea of whether or not I was headed down the right path. He was also going to hear about my pregnancy from Evan if I didn't speak to him first, and I knew he would appreciate a heads up on the "Can I come live with you" request Evan was sure to lob at him.
I was pretty sure I would end this conversation with yet another Arkady male hating my guts.
I dialed his cell number and chewed my nails waiting for the call to connect. It rang for so long that I expected a voicemail prompt, but suddenly he was there, his voice clipped and bright.
"Reed Arkady!"
"Reed, it's Cara."
"Oh hey, Cara. What's up?" The brightness dimmed considerably, although he maintained a pleasant tone. As always with Reed I felt the sad ghosts of "What if?" hovering around me. I imagined his open, handsome face, always looking eager to help and please. I sighed.
"Um, a lot, actually. Do you have time to talk right now? I know you're really busy, but it's important," I said.
"Sure, just let me go into my office. Oooh, doesn't that sound so fancy? I have an office now!" he joked. I heard his feet climbing stairs at a brisk pace, the sound of a door opening, someone greeting him, and finally a closing door.
"Okay, I think we're alone now." He hummed a few bars of the song. I wished I could laugh.
"Reed, I'm kind of at a loss here," I said, trying to keep my voice level.
"Uhhh, okay," he said, sounding so much like Evan that I wanted to go run out and play in traffic. "Is Evan all right?"
"No, no, I mean, yes! Yes, he's okay, I mean, he's...that's why I had to call you. I'm pregnant, Reed."
There was silence on the other end of the line for a few beats.
"Well, I've heard that before," he said, his voice tinged with bitterness. I hated myself. It was excruciating to go from my high of being with Keiji, of being supported by him, being excited about our baby, to reliving the stress of my pregnancy with Evan and the end of my relationship with Reed. The worst part was that I knew Reed felt more for me than I ever had for him; he continued to let our separation affect him as if it had happened yesterday instead of almost fifteen years ago (and as if we had dated for six years instead of six months). Reed had told me several times that he was unmarried because of his experience with me. Usually I got angry, told him to come off it and stop blaming me for his problems, but right now I couldn't stop the guilt from consuming me.
"I told Evan last night. He's upset."
"Understandable."
"I know. He asked to come live with you. Again."
"Understandable," Reed repeated, this time with a sigh. "So, who's the lucky guy? I didn't even know you were with someone."
"It's a long story," I said, and then realized that actually, it wasn't. It was a short story. "Reed, no, that's not right. The truth is that I just met him. I got pregnant because we weren't careful the first time we--"
"Wow, I really have heard this before! Should I start calling you Myrtle, as in Fertile?" he said. I knew he was trying to protect himself using humor but both of us knew it was futile, so I didn't respond to the joke.
"Reed, I need to tell you this because I want you to know I am not going to make the same mistakes I made with Evan and you. I am not going to pull my son in multiple directions. I am not going to kick this guy to the curb because I'm ashamed that I made a mistake. I'm sorry, Reed. I know you probably think I'm full of shit."
"Hmm," he said.
"And I know I don't deserve your blessing or whatever, that's not why I'm calling. I needed to tell you because this time it's different. I mean, of course I can't know what will happen and I am second guessing everything. But I think if I did to Keiji what I did to you I couldn't live with myself. I made a huge mistake,again, but I can't keep doing what I've been doing. Ignoring my life, pushing people away." I had no idea if I was making sense or not but those were the words that came to my heart.
"Yeah, definitely don't do -- what you did before. To Cagey? What's his name?"
"Kei-ji," I corrected. "With a K. And an I at the end. It's a Japanese name."
"Hmm," Reed hummed again.
"Reed," I pleaded. I didn't deserve his blessing but I wanted to hear that I wasn't crazy, that he would be okay, that he wasn't going to swoop in and take Evan and call me a heartless bitch and hate me forever.
"Don't give him no choice," Reed said, his voice gone hard but with a tell-tale thickness that said he was fighting to keep his emotions down. "Don't tell him this is what it's like and go fuck yourself, because who cares if I loved you and wanted to be with you, because you were over it. We fucked up and you ran as far away from me as you could, like that would make it go away."
"I know," I said, my voice as small as I could make it. "I know, Reed. I know. I'm not going to run."
"Do you love this guy?"
I froze, maybe looking for the right answer, maybe looking for the answer Reed wanted to hear. I wasn't sure what the answer was in either case.
"Do you love him, Cara?" he repeated.
I felt something in my mind let go. It took Reed's questioning to crystallize my feelings for Keiji into solid, stark reality. I wasn't going to run anymore.
"Yes. I love him."
"Then love him. Have his baby. Don't fuck it up." His last sentence was distorted by tears.
"I'm sorry, Reed," I said, feeling hollowed out. I heard him sniff and fight to get control back. When he had it, he sounded like I felt.
"Yeah, yeah. I know. I'm sorry I let you go. Been kicking my own ass over that for years. Listen. I gotta get back. Tell Evan I'll Skype with him tonight at 7. On the dot. And don't come in on the conversation, okay? Let me talk to him one on one."
"Okay, Reed. Thank you."
"Yep. 'Bye."
"'Bye."
I hung up the phone and leaned against the wall next to it, thinking nothing for several moments, waiting for all of the old pain and guilt and sadness to fade. I hated dragging Reed through all of that but it had to happen sooner or later. Then I remembered what I had said to him about Keiji and adrenaline kicked my heartbeat up a few notches.
I was in love.
***
November 26 approached. Evan was going to visit Reed and I was going to visit the Nakamuras. This Thanksgiving break was sure to be a crazy one, organized last minute and with several fast ones pulled to explain to my parents why Evan and I wouldn't be seeing them this holiday as we had planned originally . I promised them a visit before Christmas to placate them. Evan was giving the performance of a lifetime with an all but unbroken streak of silent treatment, though he thawed a bit each time he spoke with his father. He seemed relieved to be getting time away from me, and with sadness in my heart I realized that I felt the same. I hoped we could reconnect soon.
For Evan's sake Keiji and I were doing our best to be discreet, keeping phone calls short or sticking to texts and email. We were only able to meet twice between the time of the perinatologist appointment and the time we'd be leaving for Keiji's hometown to tell his parents about the impending arrival. (One of those times had been a quick meal at a restaurant while Evan stayed after school for a drama meeting; the other had been a late night booty call after a day of suggestive messages. I finally reached the point of no return and begged him to come over. He showed up at my door, we fucked as quickly and silently as possible in my laundry room, and he left me no less horny than I had been before.) I was going crazy not seeing him, and I still hadn't said those three little words that I had admitted to Reed.
I wasn't able to decide on a good way to tell my family about the baby, but Keiji's gut told him to just get it over with when it came to his parents. I was worrying myself to death about meeting them. Obviously there was the, "Hey, you don't know me, and this is crazy, but I'm having your grandbaby" angle, but more mysterious to me was what they would think of me as a person. Keiji tried to wave my fears away by saying that they had met a variety of his girlfriends and disliked them all equally without discriminating on the basis of race, creed, or educational level. That didn't quell any of my anxiety.
Sachi called me a few hours before I was due to meet Keiji at the train station for our trip to their hometown. Evan had flown to Reed's home the day before and I was in a frenzy of packing, having put it off while he was still home. I hadn't spoken to Sachi since the day at the play, but Keiji told me she knew what was going on.
"Hi Cara," she said, her voice as bright as ever but with a hint of careful analysis. Oh brother, I thought. This before I've even said a word.
"Hey, Sachi, it's good to hear from you," I said, trying to sound light and unworried.
"Same here! I think we'll be seeing a lot more of each other from now on, don't you?"
"I guess so!" I said, feeling like a dutiful puppy. Her next words sounded genuine, though, and put me at ease for a moment.
"I wanted to tell you that I am happy for you. Surprised, of course, but very happy. It can only be a good thing for my little brother to calm down and focus on something important like raising a family," she said. "If you ever need any baby gear, I think I still have some of Hana's clothes and toys. I couldn't bear to part with them."
"Oh wow, thank you," I replied, my stomach doing flip flops as I considered the concept of baby gear. I also felt a twinge of sadness at the thought of Keiji needing to "calm down." The guy would be in a coma if he calmed down any more. I didn't want to change him, and the idea that he should narrow his focus to me and only me made me feel inadequate.
"I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but I'm still so floored about you guys," Sachi continued. "Keiji told me you met at the play, and um, that's how it happened, but I just never thought someone like you would go for someone like him. You're so responsible and put together and stuff. He's so...well, he's Keiji."
I sniggered, wondering how much she knew about my past. I had told Keiji bits and pieces of that story but probably not enough for him to relate to his sister with much clarity. For that matter, I wondered how well she knew Keiji. He seemed rather staid when I compared him to me. Just being around him made me feel less like I was coming apart at the seams.
"Well, he's very...nice?" I tried. Nice. Yeah. That was a good summary of Keiji Nakamura's sexual prowess. But somehow I didn't think his sister really wanted a great level of detail.
"I was going to guess that you had an Asian fetish," she teased. "I run into that all the time."
"Oh, wow," I mumbled, not sure what to say. I'd never considered the concept of a fetish before as a cause of my strong attraction to Keiji. Certainly he was physically different from the men I had been with before which was a huge turn on in terms of the excitement of discovery, and I noticed Asian men more since meeting him...but did he need to be Asian for me to be attracted to him? I wasn't sure.
"I'm just kidding, just kidding. It seems like that usually happens with women, you know? Every time I go on a date with a guy who isn't ethnic Japanese I ask myself if he's really interested in me or if he just wants me to put on a geisha costume and walk on his back. And they always really hate it when I have opinions and talk and laugh out loud and stuff."
I laughed, but she could tell that I was uncomfortable and ended the call after congratulating me again. She also gave me a tip about her mother.
"Myhaha, Mom, she means well. Her family is her entire world. She really loves Keiji no matter what she says."
Now I was worried for sure.
***
"Seriously, you have to relax. There's no point driving yourself crazy trying to impress them. Dad will be okay but he'll just go along with whatever Mom says, and she's going to say the same old judgmental shit that she always does. Look, she's my mom, I love her, but we haven't been close for a long time. She lived in Japan for 20 years and she's very traditional. Everything there is better than here -- the people, the food, the clothes, the shops, the TV shows. Everything! I grew up hearing this my whole life. If you ask her why she's here she'll roll her eyes and say she had no choice, but has she ever given me a real answer? No. She's bitter and angry and kind of mean. The only person Ithinkshe likes these days is Hana."
Keiji and I leaned against a wall at the train station as we waited for our boarding time. He kept putting his fingers to his mouth and then dropping his hand with a disgusted expression. At first I couldn't figure it out, but then it dawned on me.
"Keiji Nakamura, are you an ex-smoker?"
He shook his head in a "no" gesture, but his rueful smile told me he meant "yes."
"I never should've quit. How am I supposed to visit my parents without some sort of drug in my system?" he said, gesturing dramatically. I could tell he was laying it on thick for my benefit, but there was a kernel of truth in his jest.
"I just. Look. I've never dated an Asian guy before. I've had Asian friends but never went to their homes to meet their parents. I have no clue. What if I do something wrong?" I asked for about the tenth time.
"There's no point, I said. You're going to do something wrong. Just take your shoes off once we're inside the door, call herOkaasanand call him Stan, and eat whatever she cooks for you. That's the best you can do. Oh yeah, mention your job and that you make a lot of money." He rolled his eyes.
"Dude, you're so racist," I said, nudging his side with my elbow. "And I don't make that much money."
"Hey, you're doing way better than me. It's not racist, it's just...status is so important. Your place in society is everything. In Japan it's all who you are, who you know. I'm not making any value judgments even though it drives me up the fucking wall when I hear her on the phone with my aunts and uncles and she's talking about me like I'm Warhol or Picasso or Pollock or somebody just to makehersound big. Ohhh, Keiji-kun had a show in the city! He sold so many paintings! Then she hangs up the phone and tells me that over there I'm shit and my dad's shit and it drives her crazy and why don't I get a real job. I think she hates her life. And she hates it even more that I don't care about any of that crap."
Again he raised his fingers to his mouth. "Fuck," he muttered, dropping his hand and shaking the fingers.
"Sounds like you need to," I said, amused in spite of his scary (okay, absolutely terrifying) rants about his mother. I couldn't help myself. It had been over a week since the laundry room quickie and my hormones were going crazy with the pregnancy. I had been masturbating every day, some days several times (even sneaking down to the parking garage during my lunch break to relieve myself). Self-love just wasn't cutting it. I was dying to touch him and I had a surprise that I was eager to reveal.
My joke seemed to relax him. His shoulders dropped from their hunch and he stopped moving his fingers. He closed his eyes with a smile, entering a more pleasant train of thought.
"What are you thinking about?" I prodded. He kept his eyes closed but stopped smiling. He bit his lower lip somewhat fiercely before releasing it to answer me.
"Mm. Your ass."
I laughed, blushing even though I had started us down this path. He opened his eyes and looked at me, first at my face but then blatantly examining my body from head to toe. I had dressed to impress in a black miniskirt. I tried to downplay the sex factor (keeping his parents in mind) by adding opaque black tights and a loose V-neck sweater that hid the beginnings of my belly, but I knew that skirt made me look good. His smile was still gone.
"Why so serious, Keiji?" I said, grabbing his hand.
"You shouldn't laugh," he said in a low, burning voice. "In fact, I have the strong compulsion to take you into that ladies' room over there and show you how serious I am about fucking you senseless." He tilted his head at a bathroom across the mezzanine from us.
"In a public restroom?" I asked, putting a note of disgust in my voice even though his words made my nipples stiffen.
"I am beyond caring about the finer points of hygiene, Cara. Besides, remember that discussion we had about whatever-within-reason? If we don't dosomethingtoday I might pull that card way sooner than I thought. I've been standing here next to you like a statue for twenty minutes and you're wearing that little skirt, you look incredible, and we haven't seen each other since, what, before last week? I think the way I'm feeling right now is pretty reasonable."
I was about to reply that I agreed with him when we heard the rumble of an approaching train.
"Well, I think that's us," I said, half-sorry and half-relieved to be interrupted. He rubbed his face, sighed, and stooped to pick up his bags. When I reached for my suitcase he stopped me.
"No, no, I've got it. Just keep your purse."
"My, one moment a lech and the next a gentleman," I teased.
"You're pregnant, so you deserve a little assistance. And you just keep laughing it up. You'll get what's coming to you."
"We can only hope," I said, walking toward the train platform. I felt his eyes on me as he followed with the luggage and smiled to myself.
We were taking a mid-day mid-week train, so when we boarded we found ourselves in a nearly empty car. Half the seats in the car faced the front and the other half faced back, with a row in the middle meeting over plastic tables. A suited man had already taken the spot nearest the bathroom (I silently cursed him in the name of all pregnant women) in a seat facing the front, so I chose a pair of seats near the front of the car that faced the back. We'd be riding backwards but I figured we'd have a bit more privacy. Keiji lifted our things into the overhead compartments and then swung himself into the seat nearest the window. We'd decided earlier I would be on the aisle in case I had to make an emergency dash to the bathroom.
I sat down and busied myself with pulling out my Kindle, my mp3 player, and arranging my ticket in the little spot on the seat back in front of me. I started to put down the arm rest between us but stopped when I realized Keiji hadn't done more than put his ticket up and then lounge back in his seat a bit. Yes, I was being watched.
"What?" I asked, feigning innocence.
"Really? You're really going to read? Listen to a few tunes? Maybe catch some Zs?" he whispered.
"Sure. Isn't that what most people do on a train?"
"Maybe. But I don't think I'm most people right now. I think I'm probably the horniest person alive," he stated, giving me a hard stare before shifting his eyes to my body. I looked at his lap and confirmed that he was telling the truth. I shifted in my seat, feeling my pussy respond in kind. I couldn't help teasing him a bit more, though. He was really cute when he had a raging hard-on.
"I don't know about that. There are probably a few teenagers out there who could give you a run for your money."
"Cara. Take off your shoes and hose," he said, his voice small and level. He sounded like an instruction manual.
"Please?" I prompted. He just looked at me, waiting. I wondered what had happened to the guy who asked my permission before he'd entered me for the first time. Maybe that was a one time only courtesy or something.
I shrugged, trying to act more nonchalant than I felt. I couldn't wait to see his reaction once I complied. I bent down and unzipped the short zips on the sides of my ankle boots, then pulled my feet out of them. I flexed my toes, liking the look of my feet in the tights, then pushed the boots under my seat. Now for the fun part. I reached under my skirt from the bottom, taking care not to push it up or reveal more leg than necessary, and grasped the top edge of my tights. I lifted my butt off the seat to get them over the hump, so to speak.
Just as I sat back down the train began to move. I caught Keiji's eye (understandably, he was looking elsewhere most of the time) and smiled. I wondered if he could see how nervous I was and guessed he was well aware. He didn't need to hear another one of my, "I've never done this before" stories.
"When are they going to walk through to check tickets?" I whispered. He just shook his head and rolled his index finger in a circular motion. Come on, come on. I began pulling the tights down again, sliding them down my thighs at a somewhat leisurely pace. After I slipped them over my knees I made short work of the task and whisked them off my feet. I balled them up and shoved them into the seat pocket in front of me. The thin carpet of the train floor felt cold under my bare feet.
"That's a little better," he said, reaching over to stroke my exposed thighs, first one and then the other.
"I guess you're right," I replied, watching his hands on me. This felt familiar. Small waves of excitement washed over me as I anticipated what he might do next.
"Hm. You know what else I want to see?"
Without giving me a chance to respond, he lifted the bottom of my sweater up, exposing the new curve of my lower belly. It was big enough at this point that the waistband of my skirt was distorted into a slight smile shape below it. With Evan I hadn't shown for several months, but this baby was out and proud with eight months growing time ahead of us. Keiji pushed down on the skirt, further accentuating my belly.
"Now I feel like a Buddha figurine," I protested, but didn't make a move to pull my shirt down. I wanted him to see what I looked like now.
"Relax, you're way hotter than Buddha," he said, softly tracing the curved shape of my tummy with one hand and returning his other hand to one of my legs, where he wasted no time slipping it under my skirt. I held my breath as I felt his fingers move up the inside of my leg until they rested lightly on the delicate skin between my thigh and my labia.
"Something is different," he declared, an incredulous look on his face. His fingers stroked lightly up and down. "Did you--?"
"I thought I deserved a trip to the spa yesterday. Work has been crazy and I've been feeling like death warmed over most of the time," I said, wiggling my hips forward a bit in an effort to get more contact with his hand.
"Oh man. This I gotta see," he said, taking his other hand off my belly so that he could pull up my skirt.
"Hey!" I stage-whispered.
"You can't tell me that and expect me not to look! What, am I supposed to take an upskirt picture and go to the bathroom to admire it?" he whispered back.
I hadn't made a move to stop him in spite of my verbal protest, so once again I found myself sitting next to him with my skirt bunched around my hips. This time, though, we weren't in a dark auditorium. It was full daylight and I was on a train where a railway employee or other passenger could enter the car at any moment. This person would see me sitting there with my pregnant belly out and my completely bare pussy on full display. Getting the Brazilian wax had been thrilling (not to mention eye-wateringly painful) and left me feeling naked in a delightfully wicked way, but I didn't expect to be this exposed.
He gave a low whistle, his eyebrows raised as he took in the view.
"Holy shit, Cara. My dick is going to explode," he said, and gave a short, stunned laugh.
"I will etch that compliment on my heart forever," I replied, still not trying to cover up. Truth was, I was enjoying myself. Immensely. I decided to stop worrying about being naked on a train and roll with it, so to speak. Lowering my voice to just above a whisper, I continued. "Would you like me to help you out with your, um, explosive device?" He was wearing jeans again, so things were more or less contained, but I could tell conditions were cramped.
He nodded. I leaned toward him, putting one of his hands between my legs, and kissed him softly, slipping just the tip of my tongue in between his lips before I broke contact. His fingers began to explore the super soft, super sensitive skin revealed by the wax, just stroking and pressing on the outside of my pussy for the time being. I reached for his pants and undid the button.
"Oh my god," he sighed. "I want to rub my face all over it. You look beautiful."
"Mm, sounds nice. But let's save that for later," I suggested, pulling down his zipper. He nodded again and I felt his touches grow bolder. I looked down at myself for a second, watching as he ran his middle finger down my cleft, from top to bottom, ending with the tip at the entrance to my pussy. I felt the potential of that one finger and silently urged him to continue. At the same time I slipped my hand beneath the band of his tented underwear, where it immediately bumped into the head of his cock. I ignored this for a moment, opting instead to slide deeper down and run my fingers through his soft, straight pubic hair.
"I'll wax if you want me to," he said with a grin, turning his finger in a gentle circle but still not penetrating me.
"Yeah, sure you would. No, thanks, trimming is fine. Or whatever. I'm not a pube dictator," I said, slipping my hand around to cup his balls for a brief moment. Then I went back up to grip his cock at the base. "Do you mind if I jack you off? I haven't done that yet. Got any tissues or anything?"
"You're such a planner," he said, looking at the ceiling of the train and shaking his head. "Don't worry, I'll take care of it."
"Worrying is my job," I said. He slipped his finger inside my pussy, meeting no resistance from my slick walls and eliciting a soft grunt from me.
"Stop," he said. "This isn't a job. Just enjoy yourself."
"I thought it was a--hand job," I gasped, my voice hitching as his index finger joined the middle one. He rotated his hand slightly so that his thumb would have access to my clit. He applied light pressure there and held it.
"Good point. Except you haven't actually started that yet. And one more thing," he said, reaching into the V of my sweater. "I have to see these, too. They look huge since the last time I saw you."
He was right; my breasts had ballooned from their diminuitive state into slightly swollen, hypersensitive D cups in just a couple of weeks. It almost hurt to touch them; I hissed a bit as he lifted them out of the cups of my bra one at a time. He stretched the edge of the V neck around them as much as possible, but they were still crammed together as they pushed out of the opening. My areolas were puffy and bigger than usual, their color deepened almost to a dark rose; the nipples were larger as well and got hard as I watched. From some outside-of-my-body objective view, I knew I must look completely, utterly lewd -- naked, pregnant, and obviously aroused, but naughtier still because of the clothes left covering the more boring parts of my body.
I felt Keiji's cock twitch under my hand, bringing me out of my reverie. He shifted his fingers slightly inside of me, almost as if he had forgotten they were there. My pussy, the finger cozy.
"Wow. Those areexcellent," he said, looking awestruck. "Can I play with them or would you rather I didn't?"
"Beverygentle," I said, and began to stroke him up and down.
"I've never been with someone pregnant before," he admitted, swallowing reflexively as his body responded to my attention. "You're changing so fast. Do they stay like this?"
"For a little while after the baby's born they'll be even bigger. And then...no, they don't stay this way. So enjoy them. Gently!" I said, as he began to squeeze my right breast, feeling its new heft and density. And for what it was worth, I'd never whacked off a guy with foreskin, though I didn't say that to him. From what I could tell it was a bit easier than doing those without; my hand glided up and down his length easily and his skin was silky smooth. It also helped that he was already dribbling pre-cum all over himself. I ran my thumb onto the tip of his cock, taking a sizeable drop and spreading it down, over his frenulum and under the rim of the glans.
"Ohh, fuck. I don't think I'm going to be able to take this for very long," he murmured, closing his eyes.
"That's strange to hear, coming from you. You realize you've had your fingers up my pussy for the past few minutes, doing absolutely nothing? I don't mind being a visual aid but I'm feeling a little left out, here. Maybe you could distract yourself a little and work on me before you get all pruny."
He laughed with his eyes still closed, but he sat up straight and did his best to give me equal attention. He began to move his fingers in and out, my pussy making the delightful wet sucking noise beloved by finger-fuckers everywhere. I continued to stroke up and down on his cock; for a minute or so we established a rhythm, just enjoying each other.
I admit I had forgotten where we were; when he decided to up the intensity by bending over me and (gently!) sucking a nipple into his mouth I didn't bother to stifle my sounds of approval.
"Hey," he whispered, releasing my nipple and sitting up a bit. "That guy over there."
"Keiji, this was your idea. Now make me come, please. Don't make me beg," I said, pushing myself firmly onto his hand. He smirked, looking impressed at my boldness, and then grew serious as he paused to consider something. He slipped a third finger inside of me; the pressure was delicious. When he began to roll the pad of his thumb on my clit again I rested my hand on top of his wrist, my squeezes there telling him how good it felt.
I increased the speed of my passes up and down his cock, adding a squeeze at the base here, a gentle palming across the head there. He was slick and hot and I was somewhat tempted to call off my own gratification so that I could give him another blowjob, but in the name of experience I decided to stick with the original plan. Plus okay, yeah, I really wanted to come, and soon. Five minutes ago if possible.
He bent back down to my breasts and I shifted closer to give him better access. He alternated between nipples, sucking so lightly I almost couldn't tell he was there. Still, the sight of my breasts, jiggling slightly with the bumps of the train, wet and red and straining at the tips from his attention, was incredibly arousing. I felt myself get wetter and my pussy contracted once or twice -- both sure signs that I was getting very, very close.
"Harder," I said, just barely audible. He obliged me, quickening his thumb on my clit and deepening the thrusts of his fingers in my pussy. He stopped alternating between breasts to focus on my right nipple, giving it a few firm flicks with his tongue before taking it between the sharp edges of his teeth. The combination of slight pain/intense pleasure was all I needed to finish; I let go of his wrist and pressed my hand to my mouth. I managed to have my orgasm in silence, although my breathing would have betrayed me to an experienced listener. He sat up to watch me ride his hand, slowing the movements of his fingers gradually as I wound down.
When I was mostly still he pulled out of me and brought his wet fingers over to his cock, smearing my lube over himself just above my hand. I took the hint and began to move up and down again, adding in a slight twisting motion as I neared the head. My other hand reached down to massage his balls again; I knew he didn't have long because they were already high and tight, jumping at each touch. I rotated my hand so that my fingers covered his glans and used my thumb and the base of my hand to rub him firmly on the underside of his cock.
"Kiss me," he breathed. I was surprised. He was usually quite silent as he neared orgasm; an actual phrase, how could I refuse? My mouth found his and I licked his tongue as though it was the cock in my hands. He was a little less skillful in the extremity of his pleasure and couldn't seem to focus on the kiss at all; he began to make small noises into my mouth which made me want to come all over again. I felt a hot spurt of cum hit my palm, followed by another and another. There was too much for me to hold and it began to drip back down the side of his cock, pooling on his body.
He was still coming and we were still kissing when there was a loud bang from the opposite end of the car (thank the dubious sexual activity deity it was not our end, although my mostly naked body was facing the door that had just slid open). Keiji's reaction time was not quite up to par; I broke our kiss to push my boobs into my sweater. I had time to pull it and my skirt back into position, but didn't have time to put my bra into place. And then there was my hand covered with cum and his messy cock. He had said he would take care of it, but he was still in a bit of a daze. Only one thing to do. I bent down to his cock, licking him off as quickly as possible.
"Ahhhh," he moaned, sounding as if the sensation was a bit too much for him so soon after his orgasm. It wasn't the most thorough job and there was no getting it out of his pubic hair, but it had to be better than smearing half a load all over the inside of his pants.
"Keiji, your zipper," I hissed, seeing the conductor begin to move down the aisle toward us. As he started to pull himself together I looked at my hand, thinking of the obvious solution. But no, there was no way I was going to eat that much cooling jizz out of my own hand. Something in the pregnancy nausea zone of my brain told me it would not go down well. I shoved my hand behind my back, trying not to touch the seat or my shirt. Nope, not suspicious at all. I heard Keiji's zipper go up at the last possible second.
As the conductor approached with a smile, we tried to act natural even though my companion was still trying to catch his breath, obviously sweaty around his hairline, and an interesting shade of pink in the face.
"Lovely day to get out of the city," he said, reaching for Keiji's ticket. His brow furrowed slightly as looked closer at the passenger. He collected my ticket as well and seemed to hesitate before stamping them both and handing them back to me. "Have a nice day," he said, not meeting my eyes. As he banged open the sliding door next to our seats, the strong smell of sex in our little row hit me -- my pussy, his semen.
"We are so busted," I said, not sure whether to be anxious or amused.
"Naaah," he said. "It's fine. He stamped them. Here, you can use this." He pulled a handkerchief out of his back pocket.
"That would've been nice a minute ago, smooth operator! No, this is beyond a hanky now. I'll see you in a few," I said, slipping my boots on my bare feet and grabbing my tights out of the seat back. I headed toward the bathroom, my hand clenched to hide its contents.
As I passed the man in the suit, he raised his eyebrows and rattled a newspaper resting on his lap.
"Encore?" he asked in a polite voice.
I hurried into the bathroom without answering, stifling nervous laughter. I cleaned up and got redressed, fixed my hair with my fingers, then spent a few moments psyching myself up to walk back past the apparent witness to my first...no, second...or technically my third act of semi-public sex. I wasn't sure what stunned me more -- the fact that I had done it or the fact that I had done it and didn't regret it at all. I exited the tiny room and breezed past the stranger with a small smile on my face . When I got back to our row, Keiji was out cold, leaning against the window with his arms crossed tight over his chest.
"Typical," I said, and reached for my Kindle. Only a couple more hours until it was time to Meet the Parents. I hoped I was ready.