I was so glad to finally be done with classes for the week.
Not only was it the start of the weekend, but my childhood buddies had called before my class and told me they were going to be in town, and that we should all hang out.
My friends and I could probably be described best as nerdy stoners, or rather stoner nerds. Certainly we were nerds first and foremost, as we bore that title long before we started smoking weed.
But despite our nerdy interests and demeanor, we still managed to be fairly popular throughout high school. Well, as popular as nerds can be anyway.
We never tried to be anything that we weren't, and we were goofy and friendly, so in a way it felt like we were friends with everyone, but the five of us were an especially tight knit crew.
My friends and I hadn't had one of our classic chill sessions in a long time, so I couldn't be more excited to see them again. On my way back from class I picked up a thirty rack of some cheap beer, and headed home to my apartment.
When I got back, my girlfriend Vanessa was just getting out of the shower. I peaked my head into the bathroom to get a look at her gorgeous naked body. She looked up from drying her smooth, sexy legs.
"Hey hot stuff," she said.
"Damn, if I'm hot stuff you must be molten lava!" I replied.
My smooth talk was atrocious, but Vanessa still gave me a pity chuckle. I reached down to my quickly hardening dick, "God damn, I could bend you over the counter and fuck you right now!"
"Not so fast!" she said, holding her hand up. "I just got cleaned up! Plus I want you super horny for tonight. I'm gonna rock your world!" she added with a wink.
"What's so special about tonight?" I asked.
"Don't you remember? Julia's party is tonight," she said. "I can't wait to dress all sexy for you and get all worked up at the party so I can come home and get my brains fucked out!"
"Fuck!" I said loudly, "I totally forgot about her party. Bill called earlier and said all the guys were gonna be in town, so we decided they'd come over here and we'd hang out like we did in high school."
"Are you serious!" she shouted at me. "You know how excited I was for this party!"
Unfortunately, I did know. Vanessa had only just transferred to my school and Julia was arguably her only friend, so ever since Julia told her about this party, Vanessa had been looking forward to the opportunity to make new friends.
Vanessa and I had been dating since the fall of our freshmen year, and I absolutely loved being with her, but early on I began to hate the school we were at, and I decided to transfer to a new college.
I ended up transferring between semesters of my sophomore year, and started in the Spring at a school about two hours away.
Since Vanessa and I weren't too far apart, and because we were so happy together, we decided to try dating long distance.
After the first semester apart, Vanessa decided the separation was just too much for her, but rather than break up with me, she started filling out her own transfer application.
I was so excited when she got accepted, and finally after two semesters apart, we were again going to be on the same campus.
We decided to find a small apartment together, and everything was going great between us, but midterms were nearly upon us, and Vanessa was still struggling to make new friends here.
Not that Vanessa couldn't make friends, but she had high standards for her friends, and Julia was the only one that made the cut so far. This party was going to be the perfect opportunity for her to widen that circle, and Vanessa also made it very clear that a good party can make her insatiably horny.
"I know, honey. I know, I'm so sorry," I said, trying to sound as apologetic as possible, "but you know how hard it is for all of us to get together at the same time! And besides, we can go to a different party tomorrow night, but only tonight will me and the guys all be in the same location!"
I knew I couldn't get out of this without her being mad, but I could try and minimize the damage.
Vanessa finished up drying her body, as she rubbed her towel under her pert, creamy A cups, then wrapped her towel around her tight waist and thick luscious booty.
"Well you do whatever the hell you want," she said, "but I'm going to the party." And with that, she walked out of the bathroom.
I tried calling my friends to maybe rearrange our plans, but they were so excited, and kept repeating how long it had been since we had all hung out, and how awesome it was that we were all going to be together again.
I just didn't have the heart to call it off. Instead I just agreed with them, and asked what type of pizzas I should order.
I figured I could still smooth things over with Vanessa before the party, and even if she was still a little bit mad, the party would make her forget all about ever being upset.
I started to tidy up the living room as Vanessa walked out of our bedroom in a t-shirt and jeans, with a bag over her shoulder, and her fiery red hair tied up in a damp bun. "I'm gonna go over to Julia's now and help her get ready and stuff," she said.
"Okay, honey," I replied, "I'm really sorry I'm not coming, but I hope you understand why and I hope you can still have a great time without me." I tried to wane her anger as much as possible in the short time I had.
She sighed. "I do understand honey. I was just really excited, you know?" she responded, with a softer tone than before.
"And don't worry, I'm not gonna let you stop me from having a great time. I hope you have fun hanging with your bros too," she said, jokingly.
"Also... you should try to get your friends to leave early. I might still be a little mad, but I am for sure gonna need to get fucked when I get home," she added with a smirk and a wink as she headed for the door.
"Hell yeah, baby," I said, "I'll do my best!" Then she was out the door. I continued tidying up, putting beers in the fridge and setting out snacks. A few hours later my friends showed up and it was as if we had seen each other yesterday.
Bill was the first one at the door. "Yo what's good man!" he said, excitedly. "Liam's parking the car, but I had to get up here dude! This your new place? Damn, it's nice dude!"
As usual, he barely gave me a chance to reply. "I'm good man, I'm good," I said. "Yeah, this is the place. It's small but it's just me and Vanessa in here so it's fine. Oh, and who's Liam?"
"Oh shit," Bill said, "I totally forgot to even tell you why the fuck we're here. Liam's one of our Frat brothers. His parents live in Boston, but they've got a summer place near here."
Bill and Doug weren't exactly the Frat type, but they had both joined their school's chapter of Alpha Beta Omega, which they claimed was actually a very diverse and progressive fraternity.
"So since we're on Spring break, me, Liam and Doug decided to go up there and party for a bit. Then we realized we could pick up Lee and Tommy in Boston, and then go here for a night, and it would only add like an hour to the drive," Bill explained.
"Oh nice," I said, "but why come up here for Spring break? We've still got another week of classes and so do most schools nearby."
"This is our second week of break, dude," Bill explained. "We got back from Cancun last night and we partied our fucking asses off.
"We went there last year too, and we were pretty burnt out during the second week, so this year we decided we'd go down there, nonstop party for a little while, and then we'd head up here and taper it down for a week," he said, laughing.
"That's actually a great plan, I wish I thought of that," I said. Just then the rest of the guys started coming into the apartment. We had our classic greetings and they all had similar things to say about my new apartment.
Bill was the tallest of our crew, but possibly also the scrawniest, and had curly red hair. Lee was close to my height around 5'10" with short black hair and glasses.
Tommy was shorter and smaller than both of us, but was still the most muscular, and had a short afro. Doug was a few inches taller than Lee and I, but still shorter than Bill, and sported wavy blonde hair.
Behind my friends stood a tall Jockish looking guy wearing a polo and slacks, and acting aloof. Bill introduced him as Liam.
"Hey Liam, nice to meet you," I said, "Bill was just telling me about your awesome Spring break plan."
"Yeah dude," Liam answered, as we all walked into the living room and found seats. "I'm not that smart but this is definitely some genius level shit. The kicker is that even though people aren't partying all day over here, there's totally gonna be a few ragers before you guys go on break."
He was right, I hadn't even thought about how many parties we have on campus before break even starts. "And chances are, I can get a few girls to crash at my Summer place too, like even if they got classes, it's pretty close to campus," Liam added.
I was surprised. I barely even knew this guy, but even though he looked and acted like a huge blockhead, he clearly had this plan well thought out. "Well good luck man, I hope you find some hot girls while you're up here," I said.
I got up to get everyone a beer. "Speaking of hot girls, where's Vanessa at?" Doug asked. Even in high school I dated the most attractive girls of any of my friends, so by now I wasn't phased by my friends talking about how hot my girlfriend was.
Honestly, it gave me a bit of pride that they all thought my girlfriend was so sexy, even if they said it in some pretty crude ways.
"She's at her friends place, getting ready for a party and shit," I answered. "She didn't want to hang out at this sausage fest."
"Dude, every girl loves a sausage fest," said Liam. I could tell he was going to start getting on my nerves, but I didn't feel like listing every possible girl that would hate such a thing. Instead, I just chuckled along with my friends. Then he asked, "who is this 'Vanessa' chick anyway?"
"Liam, you have no idea. Vanessa is so fucking hot," said Doug.
"Yeah dude, she's like the sexiest redhead you've ever seen," added Tommy.
"Oh man, and that ass!" said Bill. He turned to look directly at Liam, "Dude, her ass is perfect. It's not like it's huge, cause she's fuckin tiny, but it's such a luscious round bubble butt. I swear, I could eat that delicious ass for breakfast, lunch and dinner!"
"Alright, Alright, that's enough," I said, cutting off Lee as he began to open his mouth, and drawing the line of what was acceptable to say in front of me.
I could tell Lee was about to try and one up Bill with an even cruder and more descriptive comment about my girlfriend, but I found out long ago it's easier to put a stop to things towards the start.
If I'm being completely honest, I had always been somewhat aroused by my friends talking about what they'd do to my girlfriend if they had the chance, and over the years I listened to countless things said about all of my girlfriends.
I almost wanted to hear what they would've said if I hadn't stepped in, but these guys were my friends, and I didn't want Liam to get the wrong idea about my girl.
"Oh right, and this is her boyfriend," Bill laughed pointing to me. "But seriously," he added, "this chick is phenomenal, you would love her."
Until that comment I hadn't even realized that Liam didn't know she was my girlfriend, everyone else knew so it seemed like a given.
"Damn, I probably would. She sounds amazing," Liam said, "I love fucking chicks who have boyfriends." That caused all my friends to erupt into laughter. It didn't really seem like a joke, and I didn't really find it funny, but I laughed along just to avoid making things uncomfortable, it seemed like Doug was doing the same.
I had no idea what to say after a comment like that. I didn't want to overreact to a joke, so I decided to just ignore it, and once the laughter died down I suggested we play some video games. Everyone agreed and we settled into playing some Halo, a high school classic.
Not long after we started, I got a snapchat from Vanessa. It was a bathroom selfie of her making a kissy face to the camera, and she looked absolutely stunning.
Vanessa rarely wore makeup, as she was naturally very beautiful, but tonight it was noticeable. She still wore a minimal amount, but it was effective in making her look absolutely stunning.
Her eyeliner, light pink lipstick, and mascara accentuated her given features. She looked exceptionally sexy.
"Party's starting!" she wrote.
The next picture that followed was almost identical, except now she had pulled down her top to show her small, pink, left nipple.
It was easy to see how hard her nipple was, and how absent her bra was, as her right nipple was poking at the fabric of her top. This time she wrote, "cant wait 4 later ;)."
I couldn't wait either, and my dick strained in my pants thinking about fucking my sexy girlfriend. In the meantime I tried to refocus my thoughts to video games and lose my boner if possible.
A few minutes later Liam got a text and announced he was heading out. "My bud just told me about a party nearby so I'm gonna go hit that up. Enjoy your play date," he joked.
At first I was relieved to hear that he was going, then I remembered the comment he made about fucking chicks who have boyfriends. My dick had been getting softer, but for some reason that thought made it stiffen even harder than before.
I tried to think about how many parties where probably going on in the area and the possibility of Liam running into Vanessa. When I came to the conclusion that it was highly unlikely they'd run into each other, I was both relieved, and strangely disappointed.
Once Liam left, we fell into our old routine of playing video games, drinking beer, and smoking weed. We went from Halo, to NHL, to Injustice, back to Halo, while our conversation started out on things like movies and comics, but inevitably it turned to us talking about the girls we'd fucked, were fucking, and wished we could fuck, primarily focusing on the latter.
As we got drank more and smoked more, the stories just got raunchier.
Eventually Lee started telling us a story about this girl he had been seeing that wanted him to fuck her in the ass while she rode a massive black dildo. "She told me she won the dildo at a sex trivia night her sorority held, and that she didn't even use until a year later," said Lee.
"I'm like bullshit, maybe she did get it at trivia night, but there's no way she didn't try that thing out the second she got home," he continued. "Anyway, she said once she finally tried it she came harder than she ever had before, and she's never had a better cock. Seriously, that chick was addicted to a rubber cock!
"But obviously she still hooked up with guys without that thing. She didn't whip that out with me until like our fourth or fifth time fucking.
"So she finally does though and she's like, 'I can't cum with anything else, so if you wanna be fuck buddies, you've gotta be cool with fucking my ass while I ride Shane' which, of course I'd never done anal, so I'm like sure." Lee said.
"Wait, Shane?" Tommy asked.
"Yeah, that was the worst part, man!" said Lee, "she had a name for her dildo! At least she said it was just the name on the box, but she treated the dildo like a dude. Like her dirty talk was always how me and Shane were fucking her and how good it felt getting fucked by two guys."
"Wow," said Doug, "that's actually pretty hot."
"Yeah, totally," Tommy agreed.
I couldn't deny how hot that sounded. I nodded and saw Bill doing the same.
"Yeah," said Lee, after a long pause. "I don't know why I said that was the worst part, it actually really turned me on. Damn, that girl had me cumming buckets in her ass." We all laughed at that.
"There's nothing like shooting a load deep in a chick's butt, is there?" said Bill.
Lee and Tommy agreed. "I wouldn't know," said Doug, "still haven't done anal, but I'm hopeful about my new girlfriend, she's definitely super into sex..."
His voice trailed off with a nervous chuckle. "So what about you?" he asked, turning the question to me. "You ever fuck Vanessa in the ass?"
"Well, Vanessa no," I answered. "And none of the other girls I fucked either," I added, laughing. "I mean, I honestly think we might try it sometime soon, but we still haven't done it."
"Fuck, what I wouldn't give to sink my cock into her sexy ass," said Lee, causing another round of laughter and agreement.
"Yeah, yeah," I said, "no one's getting in there before me, pal." I wanted to move on from Vanessa, so I turned it back to Doug, "So what's up with this new girlfriend Doug? and what's this I hear about her being super into sex?"
"Oh, yeah, her name's Natalie, she's great," said Doug uncomfortably, "she's a lot of fun, and super smart, and she's really pretty too.
"You're being modest!" said Bill, "she's an absolute dime piece, hotter than Vanessa even!" The whole room erupted in shouting.
Vanessa had somewhat set a standard in our group and it was nearly impossible to beat. When discussing women the ultimate question would frequently be, "But is she hotter than Vanessa?" to which the answer had always been no.
I felt proud and horny hearing my friends defend my girlfriend's attractiveness. Bill had Doug show us all pictures to prove it, but he kept saying that pictures don't do her justice. Since they were the only ones that had seen her in person, we had to take that with a grain of salt.
Still, the pictures of Natalie and her cute face and long platinum blonde hair did a good job of showing how attractive she was. Vanessa would always be the absolute perfect ten in my eyes, but I had to admit, I could still see how someone else could make the case for Natalie being hotter.
"Well, she is gorgeous," said Tommy, "but she looks so innocent. You sure she likes sex?" he said, clearly trying to egg Doug on.
That made Bill laugh. "Oh she definitely does, right Doug?" he said. "Come on man, tell 'em how you know." They all went to the same university, so it was clear Bill had the inside scoop on Natalie and Doug's history. "Give em the whole story, it's a good one!" he said.
"Fine," said Doug, clearly annoyed. "Well we've been friends for a long time, but she made it clear from the beginning she didn't wanted to date me, and I was fine with that. But about a month ago, we went to this party, and we were having a great time, and we ended up hooking up, which was fucking awesome.
"So, the next morning she's all talking about how last night was amazing, and she loved it, but she's still not sure if dating is the right move for us, yada yada, but she's still all over me. Like, we're hanging out together, and she's cuddling me and holding my hand and shit.
At this point Doug seemed to hesitate in continuing his story.
"So that night, we went to another party and this time she's like clearly grinding up on me and everyone can see we're kinda together and stuff," said Doug. Now it was clear he didn't want to continue, but Bill gave him a thumbs up and nodded him along.
"Okay," Doug said softly, with a sigh, "so, the night goes on and it seems like we're gonna hook up again, but Liam swoops in and she ends up going home with him."
"The next morning Natalie comes over and she's like telling me all about it and how she's so glad she decided not to start dating me, cause she wouldn't have had that experience and shit, but then she assures me that she likes me for completely different reasons.
"Then she's all like, 'Now that I know what that feels like, I'd love to start dating you, on the condition that I get to fuck Liam again'"
"Holy shit," said Tommy, as his hand fell to his crotch. That's when I noticed I had been absentmindedly rubbing my own cock through my pants. "And you went for it?" he asked.
He paused, "Well, yeah. I mean honestly it's kinda like that chick and her dildo," said Doug, "Liam made Natalie cum harder than she ever had before so it was like, if I wanted to be with her long term, I had to be cool with that."
"Wow," I said softly, again thinking about the possibility of Liam bumping into Vanessa tonight.
Then Bill spoke up again, "Hey, I know I give him a lot of shit for it, but let me remind you guys again how fucking drop dead sexy Natalie is. I'd probably take the same deal if it meant I got to fuck her silly every now and then."
"And you guys are still friends with Liam?" I asked.
"Well, yeah," said Doug.
"Of course," said Bill. "You don't understand, our entire college knows about Liam and the fucking zucchini he's smuggling in his jock. Almost every girl on campus is already comparing you to him so there's no point worrying about it.
"Plus, everyone loves him, so if you decide to get pissed about it, you're not gonna have many friends left." Then he looked over to Doug and said, "honestly, it's like Doug's girl is getting fucked by a rockstar. I'm almost jealous." He said laughing.
Just then there was a knock on my front door, followed by Liam letting himself in, "Yo what's up guys, you been having fun playing with your joysticks?" we all laughed, but somehow it was different now that everyone knew he had a huge cock and that he was actively plowing Doug's girlfriend with it.
"We've been having a blast here. What about you though, you're back pretty early," I said.
"Ah yeah dude, I was so fucking close to sealing the deal with this chick, but it just didn't happen," Liam said.
"Ouch," I said, "couldn't get anyone tonight, huh? It's definitely rough striking out." I said, trying to bruise his ego even the tiniest bit.
"Man, I wasn't trying to get just anyone," said Liam.
"Yeah, dude, that's not really how he operates," added Bill.
I laughed. "Okay, sure!" I said sarcastically.
"No, seriously," said Bill, "his standards are just different than ours." Doug nodded in agreement.
"What do you mean?" I asked, still being doubtful.
"Well, dude," Liam explained, "It's pretty easy for me to get some average party chick. It's gotten to the point that just getting some pussy isn't that exciting for me, it needs to be a real prime piece of pussy.
"There needs to be something special about the chick. I want it to be a challenge you know?"
Maybe it was because I was so buzzed, but what he said made a lot of sense to me.
"So," he continued, "I usually scope the scene for a bit before I pick the girl I wanna take home, and then it's like none of the other girls are even good enough. That's the only one I want."
"Oh, alright, I get it," I said, "It's kinda like Moby Dick. Looking for your white whale."
"Exactly!" said Liam, "my cock is massive, just like Moby Dick, so it's like all the chicks are trying to ride my white whale." Liam clearly misunderstood what I was trying to say, but he continued anyway, "and since they all want it, it's just way too easy to fuck single girls, they've got nothing holding them back from pouncing on me."
"Wait, are you saying you only screw girls who are in a relationship?" asked Lee, with a nervous chuckle. Almost as if in unison we all glanced over in Doug's direction.
"No, no, not at all," said Liam, "that's just one way to make it more challenging you know? So I mean, I guess I do mostly go for taken chicks, but I'll definitely still go for a single girl if she's an absolute stunner, you know?
"Like those knockout chicks who think they're better than everyone else? I love fucking them cause they're always just like every other slut when they slide down on the 'Ol Moby Dick,' you know what I'm saying?" he said, giving me a wink and reaching out for a fist bump.
I was wishing I never made that comment, but I reached out and gave him a fist bump anyway. A moment later we heard the front door swing open, and although we couldn't see Vanessa, there was no mistaking who it was as she said loudly, "Hey baby! The party was great, but now I need to get fucked!"
She walked into the living room and jumped as she saw all of us, then turned to me angrily. "You asshole! You said you were gonna get rid of them! ...Not that it's not nice to see you guys," she added, turning to my friends and smiling.
Vanessa was clearly a little drunk, but that was good for me cause she was a happy drunk and she simply couldn't stay angry. But that may have to do with the fact that she was also a horny drunk, and she simply couldn't stay satisfied.
"Sup Vanessa, you're looking super sexy tonight," said Bill. I couldn't believe he'd actually just called her sexy right in front of me.
She just turned to him and beamed, "Aw, thank you, Billy that's so sweet!" Then she put her arm on my shoulder and said, "I hope you boys can excuse my boyfriend for a while, he's needed in the other room."
She fake humped the air and winked. She was anything but subtle.
"Hey honey," I said to her quietly, "this match is gonna be done in like ten minutes, then they're heading out, okay?"
"Uh, no sir, that's not okay," she said loudly, "my pussy has been tingling all night, and now she needs some cock, stat."
I couldn't believe how bold Vanessa was being in front of all my friends. I chalked it up to the liquor. "Honey, my friends are here," I said, gesturing around the room.
"Oh my god, you're right!" said Vanessa, "One of them can fuck me!"
"Gorgeous, I would love to fuck you," said Liam quickly, as he stood up from his chair.
"Wait—wait—wait—what?" I said, stuttering, my mind trying to process the exchange that just took place.
"Well, sweetie," said Vanessa, "You wanna play your little video game instead of fuck me, but I absolutely need a cock right now, so you're buddy is gonna give me his! Okay?"
I couldn't believe what I was hearing, and I couldn't believe how hard my dick was. I was at a complete loss for words as I looked around the room at my friends. They all seemed similarly shocked, yet much more excited.
Doug and I made eye contact and he gave me a slight smile and a shrug, as if to say, "it's not that bad," or, "hey, you might like it," or, "welcome to the club," but maybe I was just imagining what I would've liked him to be saying.
I tried to say something, anything, but the words caught in my throat and I just looked up at Vanessa, my mouth hanging open. "Perfect!" she said, as she grabbed Liam by the hand and led him into the bedroom, closing the door.
"Dammit," said Lee, under his breath. We all looked at him, confused, "What? I kinda wanna hear it," he said. My friends laughed at this before they looked at me and stopped.
My dick was throbbing. It got harder knowing that my friends wanted to hear my girlfriend get fucked by a big cocked stud, and I got even harder knowing that the closed door and thin walls of my apartment have absolutely no sound blocking ability.
My friends learned this soon enough as we heard Liam say, "Get on your knees, sexy."
Then we heard Vanessa say loudly, "Holy shit! You've got the biggest cock I've ever seen in my life! I can't even fit my hand around it!"
Liam laughed. "Never gets old," he said, "now, lets put those beautiful lips to work." All we could hear after that was some slurping and smacking noises, in between Liam moaning, and saying things like, "fuck yeah, suck that cock," and, "you're such a sexy slut, you work that cock so good."
At one point Tommy lowered the volume on the TV, then Bill muted it. We were losing the match horribly, because none of us were paying much attention.
I couldn't believe this was happening, and I couldn't believe I was being so complicit, but I didn't want it to stop at this point.
Then we heard Vanessa clearly gagging on Liam's dick as it hit the back of her throat, followed by her gasping for air. "How much did I get?" she asked.
"You got like halfway," said Liam, "I'm impressed."
Only halfway? I thought.
I had told all the guys earlier about how good Vanessa was at deep throating and how she could swallow my whole cock and still lick my balls. I was so embarrassed about what that said now about my size compared to Liam's.
"Fuck, I want to get your whole cock!" said Vanessa
Again Liam just laughed smugly. "Can't be done," he said.
She clearly kept trying as the slobbering and sucking sounds just continued.
"Yeah, that's it you naughty cock sucker. Get that dick wet. That pretty mouth looks so good wrapped around my cock!" said Liam, in between moans.
The wet, sucking sounds of my girlfriend giving Liam a blowjob, along with his moans, continued to fill the living room as our Halo match came to an end.
Between the five of us we hadn't gotten a single kill in the past ten minutes, but it was clear that everyone had been much more interested in what Liam and Vanessa were doing in the other room.
No one said a word as we listened to my girlfriend choking on another guy's dick, while he groaned and said things like, "Fuck yeah, suck on those balls," and, "That feels good. Keep rubbing my cock while you suck it."
I was absolutely mortified at hearing this in front my closest friends, and my dick was absolutely rigid.
"So are we trying to play another game?" Lee finally said, as he indicated towards the TV.
Just then we could hear Liam pull his cock out of Vanessa's mouth. "Alright now get on the bed and stick that ass up. I wanna see that pussy," Liam said, with a loud smack and a giggle from Vanessa.
I pictured her perfect ass jiggling from his slap as she gave a moan and said, "Yes, Sir!" in her most exaggerated and adorable sex voice.
"Nah, dude, turn it off," said Bill, snapping my attention back to what was happening in the room I was actually in.
"Yeah... I think we're done playing," mumbled Tommy. Doug nodded, and got up to turn off the TV and Xbox.
"Shit, that pussy is glistening and I haven't even touched it!" said Liam from the other room, "Is that all from sucking my cock?"
"No..." Vanessa said, playfully, "I said that I needed to get fucked the second I got here! It's been wet since... a while," her voice trailed off.
"But it did get a little wetter once my pussy realized it was about to take the biggest cock it's ever had!" Vanessa added with a giggle.
I felt pangs of shame, jealousy, and arousal coursing through me, while my dick twitched in my pants.
As Vanessa and Liam quieted down, we could only hear their soft expecting moans, and the faint sticky sounds of Vanessa's wet pussy being rubbed, and possibly licked.
I had known the whole time that my friends were listening intently, but now that the game was off I couldn't even pretend that this wasn't the only thing on all of my friend's minds. Liam and Vanessa were the main attraction. They had become our entertainment, and we, their audience.
"Ahem," I cleared my throat awkwardly. "So were you guys gonna head out or...?" I let the question hang in the air.
"Uh, yeah, we should probably peace out. Right guys?" said Tommy, who seemed embarrassed for me. The others grumbled a bit and began to stand up.
They seemed displeased, but understanding in why they weren't being asked to stay and listen to my girlfriend get fucked by an astoundingly well hung guy. I got up and followed them to the entryway.
The panting in the other room was getting heavier as my friends were getting shoes and coats on, ready to head out the door. "Wait," said Bill, "Liam's our ride, and we don't know where his camp is at all."
I couldn't believe it. They obviously wanted to stay, but they had a legitimate reason for why they had to. "...So what should we do?" asked Lee, hesitantly.
"Fuck! Stop teasing me and put that fat cock in my pussy already!" shouted Vanessa, followed by a loud, drawn out, "OOOOHH GOD YES! FUCK THAT FEELS SO GOOD!" and then, "Mmmm it's stretching my pussy so much! Oh it's so big!"
I was frozen again while I listened to my girlfriends reaction as a cock other than mine, a cock much bigger than mine, was sliding into her.
"Damn your pussy is so tight!" Liam said, followed by a series of loud spanks.
Then he said, "Almost there baby, like three more inches, you ready for another inch?"
For some reason him calling her baby bothered me more than the implication that she was still struggling to fit three inches of Liam's dick.
"Uh huh" she said, followed by a sharp intake of air, then a piercing moan.
The moan didn't exactly cease as much as it rose and fell in pitch, volume and intensity.
I was lost in the sound of it as Tommy spoke up, "Um, so should we go...?" Tommy's voice trailed off, and I followed his gaze to my hand which was currently resting on my bulging crotch.
I suddenly loosened my grip. I hadn't even noticed my hand reach for my dick.
I hesitated too long before bringing my hand down to my side, but all that did was to make my raging hard on even easier to see as it pushed hard against my zipper, and pulled my jeans taut.
I couldn't look back up to answer Tommy, "Uh, it's okay man, you guys can stay," I said, straight into my crotch.
"Nice dude, this is gonna be awesome!" said Bill. I was surprised by his enthusiasm. I looked up and Bill had his hand up, waiting for a high five, which I gave him.
"You're so lucky dude," he added, "Vanessa is so fucking hot."
It was an odd comment to make, but it still made me feel good. I flashed a brief smile. "Thanks man," I said.
Suddenly I started to feel a tiny bead of pride as I heard Vanessa's moans coming from the other room, and I pictured my gorgeous girlfriend bent over doggy-style, being impaled on a big fat cock.
"This booty is unbelievable!" we heard Liam say.
Vanessa's moan turned into a squeak, before she purred, "Mmm, naughty boy!"
"Should I take it out?" Liam Responded.
"No! It feels good, keep that thumb in there. Pull me onto your cock by my asshole!" said Vanessa with enthusiasm. I let out a groan, as did several of my friends.
With that, the moaning and creaking of the bed got louder and faster, and the slapping of skin was more pronounced.
"That's it, take that whole cock," panted Liam, "You're such a good little slut, fitting that big dick in your little pussy."
I still couldn't believe this was happening, let alone in front of my best friends.
"Wow dude, that sounds so hot," said Lee to no one in particular, although it felt directed at me.
I decided we could use a little more weed and started packing the bong. Doug had already grabbed more beers and was handing them out.
"Yeah man," said Bill, "this is better than any porno I've ever seen in my life, and I can't even see it!"
The others agreed, and I couldn't deny it either. Nothing in my memory had ever gotten me as aroused as the sounds of Vanessa being fucked, and I realized how much this was like an actual porno, and that the only thing that felt different was that I wasn't jacking off to it.
As if reading my mind, Bill asked, "Actually, you think I could jack off? It's just, Vanessa's so fucking sexy, you know?"
I looked around the room and noticed that everyone had their hands on their crotches and were looking at me expectantly. "Yeah, go for it," I said. They quickly started undoing buttons and zippers, and pulling out their dicks. Honestly, I was aching to indulge myself as well.
"FUCK, YES! FUCK YES! FUCK YES!" came Vanessa from the other room.
Bill gave out a "Woo!" and Lee shouted, "Yeah give it to her!"
Liam and Vanessa laughed loudly from the other room, except Vanessa's laugh was also broken up by moans and shouts of, "Oh fuck!" and, "So good!" and "I'm Cumming!" My friends cheered from their seats, dicks in hand.
"You like having an audience you sexy slut?" said Liam, as the slapping of skin continued.
"Mmm fuck yeah," she said.
"Then give them a show, you naughty girl. Tell them how much you like this dick," Liam said.
Vanessa almost screamed it, "Fuck yes, I love your huge cock! I've never felt so full! You're fucking me so good!"
Doug was sitting next to me. He leaned over and whispered, "Hey, dude, I really hope you're cool with this. This is like my ultimate fantasy with Natalie, but I know it can be tough too."
What Doug said made me feel better, even though he was saying it with his hand rubbing his crotch. Somehow that level of restraint felt somewhat polite, as Tommy, Bill and Lee were fully stroking their dicks.
"Yes! Yes! Yes! Stretch me out with that monster cock! You're like three times the size of a normal dick!" My girlfriend screamed from our bedroom.
We all knew that had to be exaggeration as she was lost in the moment, but it didn't stop us from silently comparing sizes.
Of the three of us with their dicks out, Bill had the longest dick, but also the thinnest, at what looked to be just under seven inches.
Tommy proved the stereotypes about black guys wrong, with a short and thick penis that was only about five inches long. Lee's penis seemed like the average of the two in both length and girth at about 6 inches.
Even with all of Doug's rubbing, his crotch only gave the faintest indication of a bulge.
I swallowed hard as I took in what I saw and heard. It was at least slightly comforting to see that clearly none of his friend's could compete with Liam's mammoth cock, according to Vanessa's very graphic dirty talk, as she got plowed by it.
What was less of a comfort was the fact that it was also clear that at least three of my friends had bigger dicks than me, and as much as I wanted to join them in jacking off to Liam fucking my girlfriend, I didn't want to show off the exactly 4.2 inches I had packed away in my briefs.
Just then we heard my girlfriend shout, "Holy shit I'm gonna cum again! I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I'm go—I'm go—I'm c—c—c—mmmmmmm!"
Her words just turned to moans and groans as we heard a loud gush of water and Liam stopping his thrusting and saying, "Fuck yeah that's so sexy, you ever squirt before?"
Vanessa could only manage to change her "mmmm"s to "nnnnnnn"s as she indicated it was her first time squirting.
"Haha nice," Liam laughed, "I'm pretty close to cumming too, you want it on your face or in your pussy?"
It was easy to hear how exhausted Vanessa was as she managed to say, "face."
I breathed a sigh of relief, and my friends let out a round of whoops and cheers. Bill started chanting, "Paint her face! Paint her face!" as my other friends joined in, until even I couldn't help saying it too, as I clutched my dick through my jeans, while it leaked precum.
Quickly out chants of "Paint her face!" were met with a loud deep groaning from Liam, and a shout of "FUUUUUCK!" which seemed to go on for much longer than any of my ejaculations.
We cheered while he came, but the apartment became quiet once he was done. Vanessa simply said, "Wow," and we heard a shifting on the bed.
Suddenly the door to my bedroom was open and there stood Vanessa, completely naked, her face covered in cum.
Bill immediately busted his load all over his hand, as I let go of my dick to prevent me from doing the same in my pants.
"Aww, Billy you're so cute, was that for me?" said Vanessa, as cum dripped from her chin.
She had three very thick and distinct lines of cum that went from her lips to her forehead, over her nose and eyes, with some of it making it up into her luscious red hair.
There was also a hefty wad of cum on her left cheek that connected to her upper lip, and hung off her chin. It looked like the result of at least three guys blowing their loads on her face.
"Uh huh," nodded Bill, who was rarely one to be at a loss for words.
Vanessa sauntered over to where Bill sat, and grabbed his wrist as she brought his hand to her mouth, and licked his cum off of it.
As she did that, Lee lost it as well, and came all over his hand. She looked over and smiled at Lee as she headed over to him.
I was glad I had stopped touching my dick, as I was sure I would have exploded by now had I still been grabbing it. Instead all I could do not to cum was clutch my knees, while my dick throbbed in my pants.
Lee outstretched his arm, as Vanessa took hold of it and gave a repeat performance. Tommy couldn't hold out any longer, as he intentionally pumped his load into his other palm.
"Good boy!" said Vanessa as she grabbed his hand, and sucked his load out of it.
"You are so fucking sexy," said Tommy dreamily.
"Awww, and you boys are all just the cutest!" said Vanessa. "Did you like listening?" She asked.
There was a round of nods and "uh huh"s as Vanessa finally turned to me, face stilly sticky and dripping with Liam's thick cum, and a bit of his friends cum on her lips as well, "Did you like listening baby?"
I nodded. "Good! But why aren't you jacking off baby?" Vanessa asked.
My throat was dry as I tried to answer, "I—I didn't want to cum yet."
"Aww baby, I want you to cum!" She said. "I'm too sore to be fucked again, but let me jerk you sweetie."
I had been so turned on the entire time, it seemed as though I was constantly at a new peak of arousal. I was nearly at my breaking point as Vanessa walked over to my and leaned over as she slowly unzipped my pants for me.
She grabbed at the waist of my jeans and briefs as I lifted my butt and she pulled them both down to my thighs, exposing my throbbing dick, which had shiny streaks of precum from tip to balls.
Vanessa held her face close to mine as she looked into my eyes and said, "I love you so much baby, you're the best little boyfriend," and she kissed me full on the lips.
My dick finally erupted, and my cum spurted high into the air, landing on my lap and chest. I was in such a state of shock and extreme arousal.
My girlfriend's tongue danced with mine, seconds after eating the cum of three of my closest friends, and while Liam's hot cum still clung to her face.
I could hardly believe this was happening, let alone believe how much I actually enjoyed it.
Just then Liam entered the room, fully dressed, and tossing his keys in the air. "You guys ready to go?" he said, with extreme nonchalance, as if this happened every Friday night.
My friends zipped up their pants and got up to go.
Before they left Liam turned to my girlfriend and said, "I'll text you the directions to my place. The rest of the guys should get there around noon tomorrow, so don't be too late.
"Oh, and bring some of your friends from the party," he added.
"Can't wait," she said, smiling.
To be continued...