The new day dawned with sun streaming in through my open curtains and I felt sooo relaxed as I woke, and while I lay enjoying the dappled light coming through the leaves of the tree in our back garden I replayed the events of yesterday in my mind.
What a day - the day my life irrevocably changed - for good or ill I suppose is yet to be seen - but for now I couldn't be happier!
I heard my Mum, I presumed, crashing plates around downstairs and assumed, correctly, that she was getting breakfast.
I got out of bed and, for once, didn't reach for my robe as usual (I'd been sleeping naked for about 2 years by now but had never gone naked in the house when any-one else was here), but went directly to the bathroom and then downstairs to the kitchen.
To my disappointment, Mum was indeed in the kitchen but she was wearing her robe as usual.
She turned to say 'Good Morning Darling' and caught her breath at my nakedness.
My heart sank! Oh NO! I thought we'd got this sorted last night! I thought.
I smiled at Mum and returned her greeting, adding, "What's with the dressing gown Mum, I thought we'd agreed an at-home dress code yesterday?"
"And I woke this morning hoping it was all a bad dream!" she ruefully replied.
"Sorry Mum, it wasn't a dream, and you and Dad, when I came home naked, told me all about your belonging to a Naturist club and going on holiday to nudist resorts - and you both spent the evening naked yourselves - remember?"
"Yes, I do - maybe I was just hoping it was a dream and that our darling daughter hadn't found what we'd been trying to keep from her nearly all of her life. I can see that it wasn't a dream and that you have found the joy of being naked for yourself - in which case, as you say, what's with the dressing gown!"
She undid the knot at her waist and shrugged it off, placing it on the back of a chair.
"Will you alter the blinds darling, so that the neighbours can't see into the kitchen?" she asked.
"No, Mum, I told you yesterday that I'm not going to do what you both have done and hide away from any-one. If I'm going to do this I'm not going to be shy about it; I'm not going to deny what I am to my friends or anyone else, and neither should you. You should embrace what we are, revel in it, broadcast it - because it sets us free!"
Blushing slightly, "Oh my! What will they say if they see us like this?" she rhetorically replied, but she didn't adjust the blinds.
I gave her a kiss and sat at the table to eat the, now ready, breakfast she had prepared just as I heard Dad on the stairs.
To my great delight, he was naked and had clearly embraced the situation better than Mum had and was being more true to himself than she was too. He gave Mum a huge hug which made her blush once more, and I noticed, when he'd put her down, that his penis was a little larger than it had been.
Some folks may think I'm being perverse, but I liked it. I liked that they still stimulated each other in such a natural manner.
We sat and chatted while we ate, largely, unfortunately, about how I intended to proceed with my life and, I suppose more to the point, when I would be dressed and I wouldn't.
In general, we decided that I'd wear clothes when I attended college, or events associated with college, but apart from that I'd make up my mind based on circumstance.
"But what if you've gone out naked, like you did last night, and the circumstances require that you have to wear clothing?" Mum asked.
"Well I'll have to play it by ear, won't I?" I replied.
"What if you were to carry something in your bag, Emily, a t-shirt and shorts or a short skirt or something - just for emergencies" Dad suggested.
"I suppose that could work - but wouldn't it make 'backing out' too easy for me to do - I don't expect this to be easy Dad, but I do have to do it my way, for now at least. Who knows what's going to happen once I've gotten over the initial flush of freedom and how I'll react then? And, maybe, it will depend a little on what my friends, if they still are my friends after abandoning me yesterday without a sound, have to say about it - I mean, will they be as childish as the boys around us and just ostracise me outright? I don't know Dad, I just have to be allowed to work it all out don't I."
"Yes; I suppose you do. But it doesn't mean that we won't be worried about you every minute your out if you're naked, about you getting assaulted or arrested or something even worse, so try as you might you can't remove that fear that we'll have for your safety." Mum said.
"Yes, it is going to be a little stressful. Make sure that your 'phone always has a good charge so that you can call us if you need help." Dad added.
I assured them that I would and we finished up our breakfast.
When I'd gotten ready for college, I'd brought myself a light cotton sun-dress to wear when we got there, I waited for Susan to come along and pick me up as she usually did and was sitting in the lounge looking out for her car, if indeed she would pick me up this morning.
Soon enough, thankfully, her car pulled up outside and I went to hug and kiss Mum and Dad goodbye as usual.
As I kissed Dad and hugged him, I felt his penis twitch as it came into contact with my stomach.
"Hey, that's naughty" I giggled, "But I like it Dad. Didn't think I'd be able to get a rise out of such an experienced man as you!" I whispered.
I had to smile as he blushed slightly and I just touched his arm and said, "See you later Dad." and blew him a kiss.
I went out the door, bag over my shoulder and my dress in my hand, and walked down the drive.
Susan's chin was on the floor of her car as she watched me sauntering down the path.
I opened the front door and climbed in.
"Hi Susan, lovely day isn't it? Where did all you lot go yesterday afternoon, and thanks for leaving my bag for me." I said.
"What the fuck are you doing Emily? Why are you naked again; what happened to you yesterday? Are you coming into college like that - they'll throw you out!" she spluttered.
"I'm naked because I love the feeling of being naked - it's so exciting and wonderful and free - and I've brought a sun-dress to wear in college, but mostly I only have it to pacify Mum and Dad and if it feels OK then I'll ditch it later on." I replied.
"Emily - what about everyone seeing you like they did yesterday - Sarah was beside herself with rage when you came out of the toilets like that - that's why we had to leave - she wouldn't stay there any longer. And I thought you'd be OK with your new friends, you seemed to be comfortable, if a little star-struck, with them."
"Everybody seeing me is not the point - it's a side effect - I think, but to be honest I think I like people looking at me when I'm nude - I did last night anyway. And it's not about them - it's about me and how I feel about being naked - keep your eyes on the road for goodness sakes, you can look all you like later, and I can admit now that I've done this before, but only at home when I'm there alone - but now I can be me - and free! Oh! Susan - you just can't comprehend how wild it is - how sensuous it makes you feel - how much more bright and shiny the world appears to be - not unless you try it for yourself - I just can't explain to you how good it feels Susan!"
We were nearing college now and I could see people pointing at us, me, as we drove through the streets now thronging with our fellow students.
My pussy was soaking!!
That seemed to put the final brick into the wall, as it were, for now I understood that there are two disparate parts to this - what I'd felt yesterday - the freedom, the raised self awareness, self assurance and the bliss to be free of the constraints of clothing - and this new and very different feeling of arousal, sexual awareness and enjoyment of the looks that people were giving me that just smacked far more of sex than what I'd felt yesterday - all these people looking at me today were turning me on - and it was delicious!
"Well I'm not going to do it - it's ridiculous; and if you keep on doing it I'm not going to hang out with you any longer - you're an embarrassment Emily!"
"Oh Susan! I didn't think that you, of all people, were so shallow that you can't accommodate another persons point of view, I'm disappointed in you, really!"
"I'm not shallow, and I can appreciate someone else's point of view - it doesn't, however, mean that I have to agree with their point of view or want to make them my bosom budies and hang out with them. If you're going to do this all the time I don't want to be associated with it, or you, at all, so you'll either have to dress appropriately or I'll not be picking you up any more. I think it's disgusting running around the streets naked!"
"I'm sorry you see it that way Susan, I thought we were best friends - and they support each other no matter what. Would you stop please, I'll walk from here so as not to embarrass you any further." I said feeling disappointed in her view of me and my decisions.
Without speaking further, Susan pulled the car to the kerb and I got out thanking her for the lift and assuring her that I'd get home later under my own steam, shut the door behind me and she squealed her tyres as she pulled away.
So, here I stand, naked, on the side of the road in the centre, almost, of town and about a three minute walk from my classes.
Now I had a decision to make and I immediately realised the importance of it. Do I walk to school naked or put on my dress and deny my feelings and desires.
Gina had acknowledged her desires and went naked to work on a public bus, and so far had gotten away with it both there and shopping in one of the countries biggest, busiest stores. Could I do that? Did I have the courage and fortitude to do it? Didn't I bang on to Mum and Dad last night about what I wanted to do and how I wanted to live from now on?
I turned towards my classes and started to concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other and trying to make myself invisible at the same time, so presenting a timid and scared countenance to the world and, after a few not very complimentary comments had come my way I decided that this wasn't the way to achieve what I wanted.
I had to show comfort and confidence in what I was doing to get away with it or I'd crumble at the first hurdle, so to speak.
Shaking myself, I put my head up, shoulders back and, with as much confidence as I could muster and slapping a huge smile on my face, I metaphorically challenged the world to disparage what I was doing.
It worked too! Now that I was showing that what I was doing was from choice by showing confidence, the comments were not only less, but much more complimentary too. This brought with it even more confidence and I started to enjoy my naked walk to college.
I seemed to be developing a comet tail of spectators behind me and they were, apparently, supportive of what I was doing.
Just before we got to our college building a girl caught up with me and introduced herself. I'd seen her around a bit but had never spoken to her before.
"Hi, my name's Diana, are you nude because you want to be or are you doing some kind of dare or something, my friends back there, and I, think you're so brave doing this, for whatever reason your doing it?"
"Good morning Diana, my name's Emily, and not Emm or Emmie or anything else shortened for it, just Emily, and I'm naked because I want to be; because I love how it feels to be naked in general and in the fresh air in particular." I replied.
"Jeeze lady! You've got some guts. Are you planning to go into college like that as well?"
"No, unfortunately I don't think the college would allow me to, and it wouldn't be good for myself or my fellow students if I did - I don't think anyone would be able to concentrate on their lessons if I did, do you?"
"I guess you would be a distraction, but do you dare to try it?"
"I don't think it's a question of daring - I mean if I can walk down a public street like this a classroom of my peers would be a synch wouldn't it?" I asked.
"Maybe, but what a buzz if you did. Are you going to the canteen for lunch, I, we, would like to talk to you a bit more about it if you wouldn't mind?"
"If you want to discuss what I'm doing in an adult manner, I'd be pleased to see you later, if you just want to take the piss then you can do it to someone else!"
"No - No really, I'd love to know more about why your doing it and how it feels and to hear about how scary it is for you."
"OK, I'll see you in the Refectory at 12:30 then Diana." and turned down a path toward my part of the college.
"See you later then Emily, I can't wait to hear more."
I stopped at the door to my building and pulled my dress over my head, buttoning up the front of it when it had fallen into place. It felt horrible!
The hem of the skirt scratched at my legs with every step I took. My shoulders felt itchy where the material rested against my skin and my waist felt like it had been wrapped in chains; on the other hand though, with my dress rubbing over my, now hypersensitive, nipples (all due to my increased sexual arousal following my ride to work and walk along the street) I was reminded that I was a woman - a very sexually aware woman.
On the whole though, I thought the dress was just downright uncomfortable and couldn't wait until the end of the college day to take it off again.
I took a seat at my usual desk and retrieved my books from my bag and placed them upon it ready for the Computer Science lecture to start.
Thom, he normally sat with me in this class and we bounced things digital off each other and generally helped each other out with the lessons, came in and sat down next to me as usual.
"Morning Emily, are the stories I've been hearing about you right or is someone taking the mick out of you?" he asked.
"Morning Thom, and I suppose it depends on what you've heard doesn't it." I said, knowing exactly what he was referring to, obviously, but wanting him to say for himself.
"That you've been running around the streets naked on the way to college this morning of course."
"Yes, I did come to college nude this morning and put my dress on before I came into class." I replied, not keen to embellish the story.
"Cool!"
"You mean, you're not disgusted with me?" I asked, surprised.
"No, of course not, why would I be disgusted with you? I think it's cool that you have the balls to do what you want to do and bugger everyone else and their opinions of you. It's really gutsy of you and you should be proud of yourself for having that kind of courage!" he replied.
I turned and hugged him, "Thank you so much for that, it's just what I needed - I was beginning to feel unsure of myself when I'd put my dress on before coming into the building, but you've replenished my courage and commitment to follow the course I've chosen for myself."
Thom had surprised me - I had always thought he was a bit posh and hadn't realised how kind he could be.
For the first time since getting dressed I had a smile on my face thanks to his encouragement.
"Steady on Emily! People will be talking about us!" he said, pulling away from me.
"Would that embarrass you Thom?"
"No, but I wouldn't want you to get any sort of bad reputation by hanging with me too much."
"And why would that happen?"
"Because I'm Gay, like you didn't know!"
"No, I didn't know, and it doesn't bother me one tiny little bit - waste of a bloody good male body to my mind - but each to their own. And just as you were supportive of me just now I'd be equally supportive of you too, although being Gay isn't as stigmatised these days as it used to be and far from the stigma one will attract wandering the streets naked, so really it's you who should be careful about hanging with me, wouldn't you say?"
"No, Emily, I wouldn't - I like you and if I want to hang with you then, with your permission, I will and no-one else, or their opinions one way or another, shall sway me in that decision. I'm a big boy and I'll stand or fall on my own decisions, a little like you're doing."
"Ooooh Thom, you really know how to massage a persons ego don't you! Thank you so much mate." I replied, and then we had to get started with the lecture.
We were at a point in the course where we had to write simple programs, and it was something that appealed to me. You have to use a combination of imagination and logic to first see and understand the problem your faced with and then work out the paths necessary, the logical bit, to devise a solution to the problem. I found this element of the course the most stimulating and exciting, and wondered at the end of each lesson how many different ways various people approached the problem and came out with, generally, the correct answer but in such different code logic. Some methods would fall over if you elevated the problem from, say simple to complex numbers (usually because of an ill-defined variable), and highlight inadequacies within the written code. It was sufficiently engaging that the morning break seemed to arrive too soon, and we all went out for a coffee.
Thom accompanied me, as usual, to the Refectory where we each grabbed a coffee and went to chat about today's task, taking a seat at an empty table. While we were chatting two girls came over near our table and one of them, clearly short on courage or commitment made evident by not addressing me directly, asked of the other, 'Is that the slut who walked naked to college this morning - I think it's disgusting and if my boyfriend had asked me to do it there's no way!' and the other answered, 'Yes that's 'er - bollock naked walking down the street she was!'
Thom turned red in the face and turned to the first girl who'd spoken and said, "Would you kindly define the term Slut that you just used, so that we know exactly what you think you're saying?"
"Well, just that she must be a slut, innit - walking around nude like that in front of everyone!"
"Yes, we just heard you say that, but you're not answering my question are you, define the term slut - or is it too difficult a notion for your tiny little brain to comprehend?"
Cor! Go Thom, mate! I thought.
"Well if she's walkin' 'round like that she'll shag anything won't she! That's what I mean by slut!"
"So you relate nudity with loose morals? You feel that because a person chooses to be naked then it automatically follows that they'll lay down and open their legs for anyone who asks them to? That they are likely to steal your men, or women, away from you - it couldn't possibly be simply that the person enjoys the feeling of nudity and is going sans clothing simply for their personal enjoyment?"
"'Eer, Beryl, was he talkin' 'bout" she asked her friend, who shrugged her shoulders.
"Are you people students at this establishment?" Thom asked.
"Yeh! Why?"
"Simply the fact that, with such a display of limited intelligence and vocabulary, one has to wonder if this is an appropriate college for my friend and I to be attending - no wonder, Emily, that we seem to be able to breeze through the courses we are taking here. Maybe we should look up a more academically acclaimed university to attend if this is an example of the calibre of student that they are willing to accept onto campus?"
"Beryl, 'e's talking rubbish again, I don' know wot 'es saying. Come on, let's leave the slut and 'er gay-boy alone."
By now I couldn't help it, I had to laugh out loud at the girls and the very simple way that Thom had not only disarmed them, but made them look ridiculous to boot with just a couple of simple sentences.
Despite finding amusement in the girl's distress, I have to say that I don't think antagonising such people is the way to go - they are now likely to be much more of a problem than had I been able to deal with them in my own way, by explaining why I was nude and that I didn't pose them any threat, but now they felt cheated out of showing me up (which wouldn't have happened anyway), and now had been shown up for their own inadequacies instead. This had turned them into enemies and they would now look to deal with that in their own, probably thuggish, manner.
However thankful to him though, I said to Thom, "Thanks for feeling that you needed to and for defending me there, but I think it would have been better to allow me to deal with such attitudes; and while they needed to be shown up for what they are, narrow minded ill-educated bigots, it would have been safer and probably more productive to just explain openly and honestly what I was doing and why. I am grateful to you, and again thank you, but will you let me try to handle such things in my own way should it happen again?"
"Sorry, Emily, I suppose you are exactly right, I've probably made things worse for you now haven't I? But I couldn't just sit and allow that frightened bigoted little tramp to behave in that manner towards you."
"I suppose such things are going to be inevitable if I'm to continue to walk the streets naked, and maybe even worse, but I believe that honesty should be able to overcome most obstacles, and if not then a good turn of speed wouldn't go amiss!" I replied, part in jest.
We finished our mid-morning break and returned to our lecture where we just got on with it. Despite the time I'd been wearing my dress now, it hadn't gotten any more comfortable and was beginning to really annoy me by the time the lecture had ended.
I had a Mathematics lecture in the afternoon, so I'd intended to go once again to the Refectory for lunch, but Thom, it seemed, had other ideas.
"Emily, would you like to come down to the Dog and Duck for lunch, they do a good cheap curry down there lunch-times and it would get you away from the mob in the Refectory?" he asked as we were packing up.
"I was going to grab a roll and go to see if I can find a place where I can get rid of this dress, it's really feeling very uncomfortable now."
"Since you walked to school this morning without it, why don't you just remove it when we get off campus and put it back on when we get back?"
"Thom! You'd really go with me to the pub if I was naked?" I asked, not quite believing that he would be so willing to associate himself with me so publicly.
"Yes, I told you that this morning - I said if you'd let me I'd love to hang with you. And just because I'm gay doesn't mean that I can't appreciate a thing of beauty - and you do know that you are quite beautiful don't you?"
"Thom! - behave - you'll make me blush!"
"I don't see why, so - are you going to join me?"
"Yes, Thom, and thank you for asking me - and I'd sure like to get rid of this for an hour!" I said, pulling at the front of my dress.
"Get rid of it then."
"What now? I thought you said wait until we're off campus?
"Emily - I said wait 'till we're off campus because you put it on this morning when you got to the campus gates, presumably not to get in trouble with the college - but if it's so uncomfortable why continue to wear it?"
I could kind of see his logic, and the thought of taking off my dress once more had made me wet again, and my pelvis had tightened up already with sexual arousal at the thought of walking the streets and being in public and naked once more, along with the removal of a, by now, major irritation to my skin, namely my dress!
Looking around me somewhat nervously, I didn't happen upon any of the colleges lecturers in the vicinity and so gave in to my desire and Thom's suggestion.
Without breaking stride, I gave my bag to Thom and dropped my hands to the hem of my dress and simply pulled it off over my head.
I felt an immediate relief from the discomfort that I'd felt all morning and I, and it felt like my skin, took a great lungful of fresh air.
"Ahhh! That's better Thom, can I put this in my bag please?" I asked, referring to my sun-dress.
He opened my bag and I popped it in, taking my bag from him and dropping it onto my shoulder.
He looked critically at me as we continued to walk.
"As I assumed - a thing of beauty you are. Does that feel better Emily?"
"Yes, Thom - it does. And thank you." I said, taking his hand in mine.
He took it and squeezed, intertwining his fingers with my own.
"What are you thanking me for?" he asked.
"For being so supportive; not being judgemental; just being you, I suppose." I replied.
"You're more than welcome Emily, it's my pleasure. As I said, I'm getting something out of you being naked too, you know - you are quite beautiful and a joy to behold."
I was looking around me now, and we were nearly off the campus too, at the reactions of people we encountered on our walk through the grounds. Lot's of people were pointing and drawing the attention of their friends to my situation. Some just seemed to shrug and get on with what they were doing, some watched with smiles on their faces and some turned away, either feeling nervous about looking at a naked woman walking along unconcerned with her nudity or in disgust at the same. The good bit was that no-one was actually making anything awkward out of my state of dress, for which I was hugely grateful.
The few moments of fear I'd had when I first removed my dress, almost like yesterday when I'd had to throw my clothes away to go through with what I wanted to do, had passed and now I was enjoying the feeling of the sun and fresh air on my skin, while my libido's temperature was rising with each step I took towards the public street when, once again, I'd be open to the full gaze of the public and hence anyone who cared to look. I could feel my pussy lips beginning to puff up, my nipples were like bullets and my juices were just starting to flow from me down onto my aroused lips.
I took a chance, when I had a little cover from being seen by the campus gate, to feel how wet I was and found that my inner labia had also escaped the folds of my pussy and was getting some fresh air too. I could have tucked them back in, I suppose, but I liked the idea of every sexual inch of me being open to other's gaze, should they care to look.
I squeezed Thom's fingers between my own and said, "Thom, this is making me really horny - are you sure you're OK hanging with me while I'm naked like this?"
"Yes, Emily - once again I am sure - and proud to be able to take your arm, as it were, I love your bravery, I love your looks and I love the opportunity you've afforded me to be in such close proximity to such a beautiful woman - now please, just accept that will you?"
"Sorry Thom, obviously I'm a little more nervous than I expected to be and I'm so conscious of the stigma that being with me dressed like this is likely to bring to you, and yes I will just accept your attention and companionship. You are a Darling man, aren't you?"
"No; I'm just a gay man who adores things of beauty."
By now, we were out on the street and attracting some attention, but not as much as one might have imagined, and I walked along besides Thom with my head held high and feeling on top of the world.
We went into the Dog and Duck and the temperature dropped dramatically once we were through the door and out of the sun, and my skin erupted into the inevitable goose-bumps when the skin contracts in reaction to such a temperature change.
Thom took me across to the bar and on the way I heard 'Fucking hell - look at that - she's naked' and purposefully didn't react to the comment.
"What would you like to drink Emily?" Thom asked.
"I'll have a pint of Orange Lemonade please, and the curry that you mentioned to go with it please." and reached into my bag for my purse, taking out a ten pound note and offering it to him.
"I don't want that, thank you." he said to my offer.
"You can't afford to go buying me lunch, come on - let me at least pay for my own." I admonished him. He took the proffered money, for which I was thankful.
A man came over to serve us and, before he did, said, "Well, it's not Fresher's Week; nor is it Rag Week, either of which might explain your state of dress, so is it a dare or have you lost a bet or something to come in here like that?"
"It's neither, I just like to be naked and hope that you will accommodate me for lunch." I answered him.
"Well, it takes all sorts, I suppose, and this pub gets most of them being so close to the college - OK then, but if there's any problem I'll have to ask you to leave, OK?" he replied.
"Thank you." I said, holding out my hand to him, "My names Emily and I'm grateful for your understanding."
"Andrew, and you're welcome. Now, what can I get you?"
Thom ordered for us and we got our drinks. Our food would be brought to us when ready.
I looked around and found a quiet corner of the bar to sit and went over to it with Thom in tow.
Sitting down at a table, I took my glass from Thom and took a sizeable draft of the ice-cold liquid within. "Aaaah! That's better." I exclaimed, smacking my lips."
"How are you feeling now Emily?" Thom asked.
"Relaxed about how I'm dressed, but very aroused, if you know what I mean?" I answered him honestly as he deserved.
"I don't think you'd be human if you weren't aroused in these circumstances, but you do seem to be more relaxed and I'm glad that Andrew was cool about you. He puts up with some odd things from us students I suppose, being so close to campus and surrounded by student digs as he is. But he makes a lot of money out of us too, so it's in his interest to accommodate, shall we say, student oddities!"
"Are you laughing at me Thom?" I asked, smiling at him to let him know that it was OK if he was.
"No, absolutely not. The opposite, in fact - I don't know why but I'm actually proud of you - and very pleased to be with you too!"
A girl came over with our lunch and said, "Cool Emily, Andrew told me about you being nude and I think it's very brave of you to be in public like that - enjoy your lunch and please, come again - I'd love to have the opportunity to talk to you about it but it's too busy of a lunchtime. If you come in an evening, ask to talk to me if you would, my name's Jasmine."
"Thank you Jasmine, I'll do that, and thank you for being OK about me being here like this, it's much appreciated." I replied with a smile.
She leaned in to me and whispered, "I should do something about the topiary if I were going about naked like you are; I mean, if your going to show it all off, at least make a good job of it - it's a bit bushy down there, if you know what I mean!" she said, and without further ado took herself back off to her own tasks.
"Thom," I said, before starting my lunch, "What do you think about my pussy; I mean, should I leave my pubic hair trimmed like it is now, let it grow or do you think it would look better if I shaved it all off?"
"Stand up a minute please?" he asked in return.
I duly stood and moved so that he could gain an unobstructed view of my crotch, I think the first time ever I'd had someone look so intensely and quizzically at such an intimate area of my anatomy.
"May I touch?" he asked.
"Yes, I suppose so, but she may be a bit, well; slippery!" I replied, referring to the copious amounts of juice I was producing.
He gently parted my legs a little and pulled my trimmed pubic hair this way and that, and all the while in full view of anyone who cared to look, then sat back and looked a little longer.
"I think shaved on the whole. It will be cleaner and easier to manage than having to clean off all of your excretions from your pubic hair; besides, it's beautiful, so why hide it amongst all that fluff?"
I blushed at the mention of my 'excretions', as it showed how sexually aroused I was, despite my relatively calm and matter-of-fact countenance, but thanked him for his opinion.
"I have heard, but I don't know how competent they are, that you can get some sort of laser device for removing unwanted body hair permanently; oh, and I wouldn't shave if I was you, waxing would be preferable to shaving as it doesn't leave those rather unglamorous side effects that shaving does." he further offered.
As we finished our lunch and chatted together, I wondered how this man beside me had become so wise, in general, but also so knowledgeable about such intimate things. I'd have to ask him that one day.
We finished our lunch and slowly made our way back to our next class, and talking all the while to Thom made me all but forget that I was walking the streets once again naked. Indeed, it was only when we had taken our places for our afternoon lecture did Thom, and by now I'd started noticing again the few stares and comments that I'd kind of heard but had put out of my consciousness as soon as they had been said, asked me if I was going to put my dress back on at all today.
"Oh! I'd forgotten about that; do you think I should? Or should I wait and see if I can get away with being naked in class too?" I asked, quietly praying he'd say to leave it off.
"Darling, your destiny is entirely in your hands in that regard; but if you really want my opinion I'd rather you stayed naked, even if you are such a wonderful distraction." he replied.
"Are you sure you're gay; you do seem to know a whole hell of a lot about the female psyche, not to mention anatomy and practicalities of things that I'd never thought about before, like the issues involved with shaving one's intimate areas!" I asked.
"Yes, of course I'm gay, and it's because I'm gay that I know so much about women - I mean, you can't just remove yourself sexually from the opposite sex without having some knowledge of them and why one would, therefore, prefer one's own sex, at least, that's my opinion anyway."
"Well, I suppose so..." I mused
I waited a few more minutes while another group of students came in and while I did so wondered what the etiquette should be about covering ones nudity in such a circumstance. I mean, should I just pull my dress on in front of everyone, or take myself off to the toilets to dress?
I was contemplating this social dilemma when Mr. Rickmand came into the classroom, passed by our desk and, smiling, said, "Nice outfit there Emily, I wonder if it will catch on."
I decided to stay naked!
For the most part, I don't think that my chosen attire did any harm to the lesson; once people had seen me and accepted that nothing was amiss and that I had chosen to be there naked, the study period progressed just as it did normally, so I took it to be a good sign for the future.
The class finished and it was time for a break before a Library session to obtain the appropriate reading materials to fill out and expand on what we'd learned during the course of the day.
I got up from my desk after putting my books away and gave not a second thought to my state of undress, so relaxed had I become during the course of the long hour and thirty minute lesson, and almost automatically headed off towards the library.
"Emily, can I have a word with you a moment please?" Mr. Rickmand called across the classroom.
"I'll wait for you outside or do you want me to stay?" asked Thom.
"Wait if you want to, but I'll be OK I'm sure."
"Do you want me to go then?"
"Wait a minute then please, but only because I want to thank you before you go home." I requested
I went over to Mr. Rickmand's desk and stood before him, aware that now my pussy was a mere couple of feet across the desk from his direct gaze and only just beneath his eye level.
"Yes Mr. Rickmand?"
"Ah, Emily. I don't mind your state of dress this afternoon, in fact I find it refreshing these days that someone has the wherewithal in terms of personal fortitude to break out from the normal state of affairs and be themselves, that is always assuming that your state of dress is indeed your own choice and desire. However, I'm not the only person involved here am I, we have a room full of your peers to consider also. So, with them in mind, how do you think the afternoon's lesson might have been affected by your choice of dress?"
"I did intend to dress before you arrived, and yes this is my choice and I'm not being coerced in any way, but you arrived earlier than I'd expected. When you made your comment regarding my dress, I guessed that it didn't disturb you too much so I reneged on my previous decision and stayed as I was, sorry, am. I did, in my own benign manner, consider the rest of the class as the lesson progressed and didn't feel that I was being, overtly at least, disruptive, so I remained naked. If you felt that I was disruptive, then firstly I wish that you would have said something to me before now, and secondly I apologise and will amend my dress for our future sessions."
"I'm grateful that you have indeed given some thought to your fellows, and I have to say that I've taken pains this afternoon to gauge your effect on the class, and I have to agree, generally, with your conclusion.
Only Mr. Stuart, whom we all know to be an imposter, in this class at best if not the whole college at worst, for his lack of effort and achievement, that showed any sign of a puerile reaction towards you, and I presume that to be because you behaved quite normally despite your state of dress that the remainder of the class took it that way too.
So, on the whole, I'd be pleased to invite you to indulge in whatever course you seem to have chosen for yourself, at least in this class anyway. Clearly I can't speak for the College as a whole and you'll have to work out your other classes as you see fit." he said.
I felt a little stunned, actually, that it would be that easy - I was expecting quite an admonishment from him.
"Well, that's not what I was expecting, but thank you so much for your consideration. Just to be certain that I understand you correctly then, do you mean that I have your permission to attend your future classes in the nude?"
"I'm sure, Emily, that that is exactly what I just said, so go-on, off with you now and, good luck to you. Don't hesitate to contact me though if you get into any sort of trouble will you, I don't know what I'll be able to do exactly but I will be happy to lend whatever support I can. Good day to you now, and you Mr. Horton." he called over to Thom.
I turned away from his desk with a greatly improved spring to my step and took Thom's arm in mine and cuddled into him a little.
"Steady on Emily, I may be gay but I am still a male you know - I wouldn't want to disappoint either of us by having to make a pass at you, because you do affect me that way you know!" he said, but did nothing to break my hold of his arm nor to shrug my head off his shoulder.
'I wonder if I'm turning him straight?' I thought to myself.
"What did you want to talk to me about then Emily?" he asked.
I stopped and turned to face him and put my hands on his shoulders, then leaned in and kissed him a sort of sisterly kiss on his lips. I leaned back and looked at him, then something changed in his eyes and I couldn't resist, I went back in for another kiss and it was anything but sisterly.
As we kissed, his arms went around my waist and, slowly, his hands dropped down until they were cupping my buttocks and pulling my crotch into his, where I could feel the hardness of his erect penis while he thirstily kissed me back, exploring the inside of my lips and my teeth with his tongue.
Whilst my pussy had been 'leaking' all day, to a greater or lesser degree, it was suddenly flooding and his kiss and exploring hands brought the pent up sexual emotions to a head; and as his fingers started to explore my pussy from the rear I climaxed in his hands.
I had to break off the kiss as I was climaxing and took a big bite of his jacket to help me stifle my moans of pleasure as I did so.
I clung on to him for dear life, if I hadn't I think my legs would have given way on me, for a few minutes until my senses returned sufficiently to allow me to make sense.
Eventually, leaning back from him so that I could look into his eyes, I said, "Thom, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that to you, but you were just there at the right, or should that be wrong, time I'm afraid. Please forgive me will you? I'd hate to lose your friendship, especially since you've been so supportive to me today!"
"You have nothing to be sorry for Emily, it's only natural that you should be, shall we say, overheated, today and I just happened to be in the way when it all finally flooded out - besides, I found it to be a perfectly pleasant experience that I wouldn't mind experiencing again. Are you feeling better now?"
"Yes, Thom, I don't think I've ever felt better before at all, thanks to you." and once again I kissed him, this time retaining some measure of decorum by kissing his cheek! "How about you, though, Thom - I felt your erection against my stomach, can I help you with that since, presumably, it's my fault?"
"Please Darling, don't be tempting me like that, I've made my choices as have you, so let's leave it like that shall we?"
"OK, I just didn't want to leave it like that and it hurt you - I'm grown up enough to know all about, excuse my language, Blue Ball Syndrome - I'd be happy to relieve you if you want me to?" I offered.
"Tempting as the vision is, I don't think so - I don't want to start what I can't finish." he replied and once again he kissed my cheek while placing, and me holding, his hands, safely, on my waist.
"So, how are you getting home tonight?" he asked as we walked, hand in hand, away from our class and out of the campus.
"I don't really know, normally I go with my friend Susan, but because I wouldn't dress before getting to college this morning she had a hissy-fit and threw me out of her car. I'll ring my cab company and get a taxi I think, that'll be the safest."
"Go on then, I'll wait until it arrives to ensure you're safe." he sweetly offered.
I was about to call and see if Gerry was working yet and whether he could collect me when I remembered the library.
"Thom, we haven't been to the library yet, do you want to go or leave it until tomorrow?"
"Ha-ha" he laughed, "So had I. Come on then, let's go."
We turned and made our way to the library still hand in hand.
As we arrived at the Library, Thom said, "Better put your dress on now, don't you think?"
"Awww, I suppose so." I grumpily replied, happy to stay as I was.
I pulled the creased object out of my bag and on over my head before we entered and, boy, did it feel awful!
It made me ponder on how quickly and easily I'd slipped into being naked and unashamed of it since I first saw Gina less than 24 hours ago. And if it was that easy for me, how had I been able to withstand the preceding 19 years being dressed all the time? Now that I came to think of it I hadn't, had I? I'd been practising for this for the last 5 years at least, when the opportunity had increasingly presented itself as I grew older at home where I'd undress when alone.
And, if it had been that easy for me, how many other people, both male and female, were out there who desperately wanted to do what Gina, and through her, I, had done.
Anyway, we found and booked out the necessary tomes and once again made our way out to the Library Quad.
I took my 'phone out of my bag and called the cab company, asking if they'd send Gerry to pick me up and take me home.
"He'll be about 30 minutes or so, he's on a fare at the moment - do you want someone else to collect you?" the desk clerk asked.
"No thanks, I'll wait for Gerry. Ask him to pick me up outside the college Refectory please?"
"OK Emily, no problem" she replied and hung up the 'phone.
"My taxi will be about 30 minutes Thom, can I treat you to a coffee at the Refectory?" I asked.
"Yes, I have time to wait with you until then." he replied and took my hand, leading me away.
"Thom, please, only come if you want to, I don't want to put you out." I said, retrieving my hand so that I could pull off my dress once more and shove it into my bag.
"Emily, I'm your friend, I hope, and as such I can't allow you to stay here alone if your naked, and I knew you would be as soon as we'd left the Library. Besides, today in particular, it is my pleasure to accompany you; my pleasure indeed."
When we entered the Refectory we found only a few people there, it being the end of the school day, and went over to the machine to get our coffee's. We took a seat and, to my surprise, no-one bothered us at all.
About 25 minutes later we went out to wait for Gerry who arrived a few minutes later.
I kissed Thom on the cheek and once again thanked him for all of his help during the course of the day, then climbed into my taxi with Gerry, giving Thom a final wave.
"Before we go anywhere, Gerry; I need you to kiss me please." I asked, keeping my head down and refraining from looking at him.
"Won't your boyfriend be a little annoyed if I did?"
"He's not my boyfriend - yes, he's a boy, and also he's a friend, but he's gay and by definition not my boyfriend - whereas you, I hope, will be. So please, kiss me?"
I raised my eyes to look into his deep blue orbs and saw myself reflected within.
"Emily, I'd be more than happy to be your boyfriend, or at least to go out with you and get to know you better before completely committing, but be aware, I did warn you yesterday about my lack of social graces!"
I didn't ask again, but leaned over and took his face between my hands and dragged him onto my own face where I did my best to suck his lips off! I've never lost the desire I had at that moment to kiss him and he always manages to make any kiss feel like it's a first. Instantly, I knew I had to have this man in my life.
When, eventually, I put him back down, he said, "Wow!"
"Is that all you have to say?"
"No - Wow! Wow! Wow!"
"Hmmm, not just a lack of social graces but a poor grasp of English!" I laughed at him and once again, kissed his cheek.
"Home James, please, and spare the horses, the longer this takes the more I'll enjoy it!"
He put the car in gear and I put my hand on his thigh - very close to his own personal gear stick, if you get my meaning!
We verbally toyed with each other on the way home and then, when we got there, I asked him what his days off were and where he'd thought to take me.
"I didn't, hadn't rather, thought to take you out anywhere - I honestly didn't think you were being serious about that - I mean gorgeous young ladies don't ask unsociable individuals like me out and mean it. But now that you have and I know your being honest and not cruelly teasing me, I'd like to take you somewhere where we can have peace to talk, to find out about each other and see what we each like about the other and don't, so I know a quiet little pub over in Llanmaes that I go to quite often. I'll check with the Landlord if you can come naked, if you were planning to of course."
He turned a little red at the presumption!
"If we can, and you don't mind of course, I'd love to. When?"
"Wednesdays and Thursdays are my nights off as a rule, I mean, I don't have much of a social life so I may as well work, hadn't I? So, it's up to you - tomorrow night maybe?"
"Your on, 8 O'clock, and don't be late - I'll be waiting for you."
I paid the fare, against his insistence to the contrary, kissed him lightly on the lips and got out of the car, expecting him to drive off to his next job. Instead, he turned off the engine and walked with me once more to the door.
When we got there he asked, "Are your Mum and/or Dad home?"
"Yes, I expect so, or at least one or the other, why?"
"I wanted to talk to them before taking you out, I want them to know who you are going out with and assure them that you'll be well looked after."
"Why, Sir Galahad! I'd never thought a potential boyfriend would ask my parents permission before taking me out - I like it, but I hope you're not always such a gentleman - I may like to be just 'taken' now and then. Come on, let's go see them." and I opened the door to let us in.
Mum was, as usual, in the kitchen.
"Mum, this is Gerry, Dad met him last night and he's brought me home today from College. I think he has something to ask you." I said.
Once again, Gerry turned very red and shook my mother's proffered hand. Maybe it was because she too was naked, which was also a bit of a surprise to me, I'd thought she'd need more encouragement, and even more of a surprise was that she didn't adversely react to Gerry's presence, given her 'situation'.
"Good evening Mrs.?"
"Little, Mary Little, Gerry. Nice to meet you. I suppose your Emily's taxi driver?" she greeted him.
"Yes, I am it transpires. But I'm here to ask your permission to be a little more than Emily's driver, I mean I'd like to take Emily out on a date to get to know her better, if I may?"
"I'll bet you would, her running around naked like she is - I'll bet that's your only reason for asking her out too!" she answered, being very sarcastic, not to mention a little rude, about it too.
Gerry went bright red once more and just looked at the floor.
"Mum! How could you! Don't embarrass Gerry like that - he's asking your permission to take me out because I asked him for a date, not the other way around - he's just being a gentleman about it and making sure that we have your permission - and specifically because I am 'running around naked', as you put it - him asking you is his idea and not mine, while it was me who asked him to take me out!" I crossly corrected her assumption.
Now Mum looked sheepish and did apologise to Gerry.
"If what Emily says is true, and I don't see any reason to believe otherwise, then I'd be happy for you to take her out - you clearly have her well-being in mind and not thinking to take advantage of a young girl. I apologise for my assumptions, but you must see what it looks like, at least on the surface?"
"Yes, Mrs Little, which is exactly the reason I was so keen to introduce myself and ask you and Emily's father's permission prior to engaging in a social relationship with your daughter; and thank you. Now, what about Mr. Little?"
"He's not in until 7 tonight, but don't worry about him - Emily can wrap him around her little finger and if she says it's OK then he'll have no problem with it, and I'll be happy to vouch for you." she replied.
"OK, thank you again. I'd better get going Emily - I have a living to earn here! Bye Mrs. Little, I'll see you tomorrow evening and once again, thank you for your time."
I walked him to the door and, before he could escape, turned him around to face me and borrowed his lips for my own personal pleasure once more!
"Can't wait 'till tomorrow Gerry, good night." I said when I'd put him back down.
"I'm looking forward to it more than you can know, but you'll have to be patient with me Emily - I really do suffer with a lack of social graces I'm afraid."
"I don't know who ever told you that - it's not true - they lied to you, and doing what you just did is evidence of it. I've never met such a gentleman, and you're bloody gorgeous to boot. Now go, quickly, or I'll have to drag you off somewhere quiet and do unmentionable things to you!" I said, holding on tightly to his arm.
Gerry smiled, looked at my hand on his arm and, turning to look at me once more, started singing, 'Please release me let me go...'
I laughed and, patting his cute little bum, scooted him out of the door. I waited in the open door until he'd driven off out of sight and then closed it, leaning back on it to ponder my future before going back to the kitchen to Mum.
"How have you been today Emily - I know I've been on tenterhooks all day, thinking of all the things that could befall you since you seem determined to remain unclad like normal civilised people."
"Hah! Can I remind you that you just met my prospective beau and your as equally naked as I am!"
Now it was Mum's turn to turn beet red!
"Oh my God! I'd forgotten I was naked too - Emily - why didn't you say something - I'll never be able to look him in the eye again!" she said, sounding quite shocked and putting her hand to her face in embarrassment.
"Why, Mum? - he didn't mention it or show any signs that it was out of the ordinary for you to be nude."
"Well... I suppose he didn't did he. And I didn't even think about it after getting undressed when I came home at lunchtime. I think you may get me into trouble - you and your Dad!"
"Oh Mum! Just relax will you - if you like being nude then just be nude; and enjoy it!"
"Well, it is nice, and I'd always enjoyed being naked before, before you came along that is."
"Now come on - don't put that onto me. It was you two who decided to try that social experiment, it wasn't anything to do with me! If it had been, we'd have been running around here naked for years already!"
I retired to my bedroom for the next couple of hours to do some homework and go through the library books I'd acquired earlier. When I heard Dad come in I packed them away and made to go down for dinner, but as I did I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye through the window and, naturally, turned to look. Across our own and our back neighbours gardens and in the window of the house behind I could see someone with a pair of binoculars looking at me.
It was a randy inquisitive teenager of the property who'd clearly been watching me through the window while I worked at my desk. He'd have had a lovely view of the whole of my right hand side, including breast and nipple, while I'd been working. 'Hope he doesn't hurt himself' I thought, with a smile, and waved to him across the void.
He clearly knew he'd been rumbled as he quickly disappeared from the window!
I didn't mind him looking, I mean, it's only to be expected isn't it, and there was a plus side to it - I'd not have to worry about those windows when I was in our back garden anyway. Speaking of which, I'd now be able to get a wicked all over tan now wouldn't I!
I opened the bedroom door to go down for dinner only to bump into Dad going to his bedroom.
"Dinner will be ready in a moment Darling, I'm just going to make myself comfortable and you can tell me all about your taxi driver over dinner." he said, leaning in to kiss my cheek.
"Hi Daddy, have you had a good day?" I asked, giving him a little cuddle.
"Yes, thank you. But I wish I'd been home earlier so that I could get out of these damned things!" he said, pulling at his shirt.
"Yes, I think you should too - you look much nicer without them, even if you do think your a natty dresser!" I laughed. "I think you look nicer anyway."
Dad patted my bum and went into his bedroom to get undressed, and for the first time in my life, when I knew he was going to disrobe, I followed him in and sat on the bed to wait for him, and to tell him about Gerry.
"Do you mind Emily, I want to get changed." he said.
"Changed into what Dad?"
"Well, nothing now, of course."
"So what difference does it make my being here while you do?"
"Ahh; hadn't quite thought of that - force of habit I suppose." he replied, unbuttoning his shirt.
We went down together to find Mum dishing out dinner for us all.
"You two look good together like that. Dennis, we've been so fortunate haven't we?" Mum said.
"Yes, we have - we're very fortunate to have the daughter we've always dreamed of, and now that she's freed us of our clothing once more I don't think we could improve our fortune further Darling." he replied and went over and kissed her cheek, while sneakily holding another of her cheeks, if you know what I mean!
We talked over dinner about our various days experiences, well, I did most of the talking I suppose as I'd had a day so different from any of the others gone before while theirs was pretty much the same as any other day until they came home.
"Darling, I wish you'd be more careful about where and with whom you get undressed - you know how much your Mother worries, and me of course." Dad said.
"Dad, I've been perfectly safe all day; Thom has been looking after me and Gerry brought me home, so there's nothing for you to worry about, is there." I assured them both. "Now can we just accept that I will go where I want to go dressed as I want to be dressed, if at all?"
"So you said, and you are over 18 so there's nothing we can do about it really, but none of that will stop us worrying about you." Dad said. "Anyway, that all aside, I joined the CCBN today on a family membership so that we can go to the swimming session on a Sunday night at Chepstow Leisure Centre. Do you want to come with us to that?"
"Umm, excuse me." Mum said, "We didn't talk about that did we? Don't I get a say in this?"
"I suppose you do, but I was looking it up on the internet in work and I just did it thinking it would be something we could do as a family, and we did go there a few times before, remember?"
"Yes, of course I remember, but I thought you might have discussed it with me first." Mum replied, sounding a little indignant.
"Look, Mother, we've wasted too much time as it is to be hanging around and just talking about these things - it's time we grasped the nettle and got on with it. Emily has given us the opportunity to renew a pleasure we used to share, so I'm not hanging about with niceties about it - it's time to stop dithering and put things into action, so there it is, I've done it now. You'll come wont you Emily?"
"Dad, thanks, I wouldn't miss it for the world! God, fancy that, being allowed to swim naked in a public pool!" I said.
We spent the rest of the night chatting, except for when I rang Susan to find out if she'd calmed down any and whether she was going to collect me for college tomorrow. To cut a long story short, she wasn't if I was going to insist on travelling naked again, so I said I'd make my own way. I rang Gerry's taxi company, but he didn't start work until 11:00, but that they would send another driver for me. They asked if I would like a woman driver due to my proclivity to not wear any clothing! I said that would be fine, but I didn't mind if it was a male driver and that I didn't have a preference either way.
I went to bed and found that sleep was hard coming, I was thinking of when and where I'd been naked today and getting very wet about it all, and of Gerry and our forthcoming date and fantasising about what it would be like; I ended up letting my fingers do a little talking, if you get what I mean, and had a lovely orgasm that sent me to sleep when I dreamed beautiful dreams.