My wife, Mary, and I got married in 1996. We were both 35 and this was a first marriage, for both of us. Mary hadn't dated much since she was spending all her time on her practice. The first 3 years we were married we had sex nearly every day.
When we got married Mary had 1 piece swimming suits and wore grannie panties. She would never have considered going out in public without a bra. Early in the marriage I discovered that I loved the thought of people seeing my wife's beautiful body.
Mary was 5' 7" tall and 125 lbs. and she was a natural redhead. She had that very pale, almost translucent, skin that only natural redheads have. She had a small waist and wide hips with 36c cup breasts with large pale areola and light pink nipples.
I started buying her sexy clothing and lingerie and when we went out to dinner I asked her to dress sexy, bordering on slutty. About that same time, I started taking pictures of her in lingerie, swimwear and nude.
I'd purchased several Wicked Weasel bikinis for Mary and she wore them on our boat while we were on vacation. I submitted the pics to the WW web site and she was one of the 3 winners, that month. There were 12 pictures and she was topless in 2 of them. That was the first time she was topless on the internet.
She was pleased that she won and that sort of opened the door to more erotic pictures, which we posted on several web sites.
About 8 years into our marriage we started having my friend Carl over to dinner on Friday nights. I'd know Carl since I was 20 and Mary liked him. He's 4 years older than Mary and I, blond, 5' 8" and stocky. He's never been married.
Carl had been coming over to dinner for a couple of years, on most Friday nights; when I got the bright idea of having Mary dress in risqué outfits when he came over for dinner.
Mary was somewhat hesitant but finally I talked her into it. We started of slowly, with Mary wearing low cut tops and going braless. After about a year I got her to wear a sheer top with no bra. She'd gained a bit of weight since we were married and her tits were now 36D and looked spectacular.
It took another year for me to get her to wear outfits like a sheer top, unbuttoned to the waist and a micro mini skirt, with no panties. Carl always complimented her on whatever she was wearing and never did or said anything that made her feel uncomfortable.
I bought Mary a fishnet cowl neck dress and asked her to wear it for Carl night. At first, she refused but when I took some pics of her wearing it and she saw how hot she looked she agreed. The first time she spent the evening trying to keep her tits from falling out.
I had her wear it every Friday for a month and by the fourth time she had stopped trying to hide and let the top open and expose most of her big tits. We were making progress.
As time went by, and by time, I mean months, she showed more and more and became less self-conscious. Finally, on one hot summer day I told her that I wanted her to serve us dinner totally nude, the next Friday. She took some convincing but finally agreed. When Carl came over I met him at the door and brought him out on the deck where Mary was sitting totally nude but for a gold waist chain and high heeled flip flops.
When he saw Mary, Carl got a big grin and playfully said, "wow, that's a nice chain". We laughed and had a great time and I caught Carl staring at my nude wife, several times. That sort of broke the ice, as I hoped it would, and now she usually wears thigh high stockings and a short sweater or blouse left unbuttoned all the way.
When Mary got her nipples pierced Carl was the first person, after me, to see them and he was also the first person to see her pierced clit hood, when she did that. When Mary took a pole dancing class and gave a recital where she danced, topless, in a local strip club, Carl was there right next to me, cheering her on.
As more time has passed Mary has gained weight but the good news is her boobs are now 38DDD and we still have Carl over every Friday night to show them off. He also came over on some Saturday nights to play poker, but that's another story.