As we walked back hand in hand to Femke and Jan, I wondered whether they were ready for everything that Saskia had to offer. When she wanted to be Saskia could be a little minx, and as I reflected on some of the fun we'd had over the last year, I realised that she's probably a little to hot and spicy for some people's taste.
We smelt Femke and Jan before we saw them; they had lit up another smoke and were making the most of their time on the beach so it was not difficult to track them down. We smiled as we approached them, although I did notice particularly that Femke's eyes lit up when she saw Saskia. I was wondering how this would go; they'd had a private fuck party when I was gone and now Saskia was reintegrating herself into the bubble and introducing her boyfriend. What does one say in such situations, I wondered to myself. I smiled, my British sense of decorum was clearly running wild; I just had to go with the situation and try to make a joke of it.
"So, I understand you're now intimately acquainted with my girlfriend?" I ask, a cheeky grin on my face. Femke smiles back as we sit down on their rug. When we were standing, Saskia was diagonally opposite Femke, but when we go to sit Saskia makes a bee-line for Femke, crossing awkwardly in front of me to ensure they are together.
It feels a little strange to be meeting people for the first time whilst naked on a beach, but I roll with it. I have time to eye Femke and Jan up and can see why Saskia was tempted by them. They both have gym fit bodies, the sort that people like to show off on Instagram. Femke has a radiant beauty about her -- striking blue eyes and freckles across her face that are very cute.
Their picnic blanket is small with four people on it. Whilst I could grab ours, it feels nice to be so close to these guys. Indeed, the girls appear to be making the most of the situation. They've sat so that the length of their thighs are touching. Saskia is propping herself up by her left hand, meaning that her whole body is tilted towards Femke. They're in their own little bubble, chatting away like old friends whilst they share a large roll-up.
I fetch chilled wine from my backpack; it's a bit early to start, but then it seems that indecorous behaviour is the norm on this beach. I pass a plastic beaker to Jan and we raise our glasses with a 'Proost!'.
I'm curious about his partner, so ask Jan, "You knew that Femke was bi when you met her?"
Jan smiles, "No I didn't. She told me that she was bi-curious, but had never really explored. She seems to be happy following Saskia, who is doing a great job of leading her astray."
"Follow?" I ask, a little incredulously, "Saskia has never touched a girl until today. She's being led on by Femke?"
We both laugh and raise our glasses, draining them before I get busy with a refill. The two of us continue to chat, but our eyes are drawn to our straight girlfriends.
The two of them have once again laid down, and we take the opportunity to watch them flirting. Their bodies are pressed tightly together, their faces lit up in smiles. They lean forward and kiss each other as they chat, playing with each other's hair and running their fingers across each other.
I look at Jan, who is clearly enjoying the view as much as I am. I can feel my cock stirring, as I watch Saskia lean in for long slow kiss. I go to cover my growing erection with my hand, worried that Jan might be a little put out that I'm getting off on what's happening. But as I turn I notice that he is also getting hard and rather than try to cover it up is tugging and squeezing his cock into life.
This is the green light I am looking for so, taking a few slugs of wine, I give my own cock a few rubs in appreciation at the show that is unfolding in front of us. Not that the girls have noticed what their men are up to. Although Saskia usually likes to take the dominant role, she is lying on her back as Femke slides a leg over her, kissing her deeply as she plays with her body.
I look over to Jan, cocking my head and raising an eyebrow.
He smiles at me, "It's the first time that Femke has been with a woman, but they look like they've been friends all their lives!"
I smile back, his words echoing my thoughts exactly. It really looks like Saskia has found a soulmate in Femke: they giggle happily as they explore each other's bodies, oblivious to anything else that is going on around them.
It has to be said that seeing Saskia play with a couple of other guys earlier was something of a turnout for the books. She handled their masculine energy well, taking the lead and dominating them for her own lascivious ends. However, this was something quite markedly different. The two of them seemed to have found a real balance. One moment Femke is playing Saskia like a puppy having it's tummy tickled, the next Saskia is taking the lead, pulling Femke to her body, holding her tenderly as she kisses down her neck towards her nipples.
Saskia's leg is within touching distance so I reach out to rub my hand slowly up her calf, hoping that she'll respond. However, she is too engrossed in what she's doing, making no effort to acknowledge me. Rather gets on with the serious business of sliding her tongue into Femke's mouth.
As they writhe together, Saskia's leg moves out of reach of my hand. But as they switch positions, Femke's leg comes within range. I look up at Jan, eyebrows raised questioningly. He smiles and nods, before placing his hand on my girlfriend. I respond in kind, running a finger up his girlfriend's calf, targeting the line of her calf muscle. The girls are so into each other that they don't really stir as we touch them, something that I decide needs to be changed up.
Saskia is now lying flat on top of a supine Femke, her legs lying on the outside of Femke's. They're kissing and laughing -- although the laughter is getting less pronounced as they focus more and more on kissing and touching each other.
I smile at Jan, raising an eyebrow saying "Want to follow my lead?"
I reach into my backpack, pulling out some massage oil. Slathering my hands with a generous amount, I pass the bottle to Jan before taking Saskia's ankle in my hands. Jan mirrors me, grabbing her right. I start at the bottom of her leg, sliding my hand up her calf, pressing into her muscles as my hand makes its slow lascivious journey to her knee. I then return, repeating the moment with exaggeratedly slow strokes. Jan sees what I am trying to do and follows my hand movements.
We play like this for some time, running our hands over her calves. I bend her lower leg so that her foot is raised, then slowly massage her sole, taking one toe at a time into my mouth. At last, with two guys sucking her toes and massaging her legs, Saskia responds, wiggling her hips in appreciation at our efforts and sighing loudly.
We shuffle round so that we're sitting level with the girls waists facing each other. We grab a thigh each and easing the limbs gently towards us, causing Saskia's, legs to open on top of Femke. With an additional dose of oil, we then massage up and down the leg we're holding. Starting at the knee, we mirror each other once again, sliding our hands gently up towards Saskia's bum before moving back down. Beginning on the back surface of her thighs, we massage outwards before our hands turn deftly and slowly inwards towards her inner thighs.
Saskia moans as we connect with her inner upper thighs. This is where the energy flows, so we focus here, sliding our hands up to her butt crack before moving back towards her knee. She is struggling to focus on kissing Femke since the stimulation from a four hands massage is overpowering her.
We slide our hands off Saskia's legs down onto Femke's. Again, we start at the ankle and move our hands up her shin across her knees and onto her thighs. Given Saskia is straddling Femke, it's difficult to massage one girl without touching the other. We play with this, starting a stroke on the leg of one person, before moving it to the other body. Saskia opens her legs wider, allowing Femke to do likewise. By now the legs of both girls are slick with massage oil and our hands move freely across calves, thighs. Saskia's naked arse is sticking up, so we slide out fingers across her buttocks. I feel her wriggle and tense as we do this, which is all the encouragement I need to massage her butt with my thumbs as my fingers probe her bum crack.
Its difficult to split our time equally between the both of them since they are both sexed up and demanding attention with their little sighs and shivers. The girls are both moaning now, grinding into each other as we massage them to increase their stimulation. Having spent some time sliding our fingers across Femke's body, our fingers return to Saskia's bum. I see Jan slip a finger into her pussy as my pinkie probes her butt hole. But then I return back to Saskia's thighs, and then across to Femke's body.
Saskia realises that this could easily turn into one of my long teasing games, so decides that she wants to join in with the massage. She dismounts Femke, grabs one of the towels and places it over Femke's eyes so that she can't see who is touching her. She then oils her hands up and leads the boys on a tour of Femke's body. Wherever her hands go, she has two pairs of hands following, allowing Femke to experience a six hands massage. She starts on Femke's thighs, delicately and sensually moving from knee to hip both on the outside, top and the sensitive inside of her thigh. With each movement my hands and Jan's hands follow. The frustrating and fun thing for Femke is not knowing who is touching her where. Saskia plays with this, running fingers over Femke's labia as she massages from mons pubis down her thighs, sliding slowly and sensually across her oily skin. Sure enough 4 hands follow, but each one take a little bit more of a short cut so whilst Saskia's hands lightly touch Femke's labia, Jans wonder further, briefly touching her inner lips before moving on. Mine then follow, but this time my fingers start to probe the entrance to her pussy joining the hand train.
Femke's in massage heaven, breathing deeply and writhing under our touch. Then she takes over the lead -- moving her own hands over her oil slicked body. Now she has an eight hands massage; wherever her hands go she has me, Femke and Jan following her. She starts by running one hand from the tip of her other hand and down her arm. Me, Saskia and Jan follow this hand as it moves across her arm pit towards her breast. She slids her hand down towards her stomach, missing her hard nipple. But Saskia's hands detour to touch her nipples. Mine follow, rubbing them some more, before Jan's take up the rear guard. He stops to pinch her nipple before moving back into formation.
I'm sure Femke has no idea who's hands belong to who, which must increase her enjoyment. There are however little clues. At one point when I reach over her my cock touches her stomach, giving away the fact that the owner of the hands is male. Jan is more comfortable touching his own girlfriend so is more likely to deviate from the route set by Femke; his fingers are roaming over her hard nipples and clit much more than mine are. Saskia's hands are the smallest and, I am sure, glide ore gently than mine or Jan's. The massage is hitting its mark. Femke is writhing as she feels herself up, loving the touch of so many attentive hands. Femke's hands return to her knees, slide down her inner thigh towards her bum, before sliding over her mons towards her stomach then up to her nipples. We follow the route reasonably faithfully, although all of us are now embellishing the instructions given to us by Femke with our own, increasingly sexual movements.
I decide to push things a little further, moving around so that I'm kneeling with one leg either side of her head. As I reach over to follow her hands, I bend over her body, lifting myself so that my cock comes to rest across her cheek by her mouth. It's not possible to know whether it is me or her boyfriends, but either way she moans appreciatively, turning towards my dick so that she can kiss it as we work. Her lips touch down on my cock head, and she is rewarded with a sweet drop of precum for her endeavours.
Saskia wants in too, so leans to kiss my cock as she works. I end up with two girls on my member. Firstly they focus on licking me clean of pre-cum, engaging in a delicious game of fellatio as they do so, before they turn their attention on each other. They kiss sweetly, like tender lovers who know their way around each other's bodies and who feel the need to deepen and strengthen their bond.
Jan lifts and opens Femke's legs, resting her feet on the blanket whilst he lines his cock up against her pussy. He rubs the head of his dick around her labia, slicking it up with the copious quantities of pussy juice that's oozing out of his girlfriend. He pays special attention to her clit, rubbing his frenulum against her button, sending shivers of joy around her body which spasms uncontrollably in response to his touch. Her breath quickens in anticipation of being penetrated, and as I watch her she looks like she's experiencing a tantric orgasm. Her energy is focussed inwards on her body, helped by the fact she is still blindfolded. I can see her tighten her pelvic floor muscles, as she comes, her body quivering in sympathy with her clit. Jan has almost stopped stimulating her with his cock, which is now just resting on her clit, prolonging her orgasm. Her back arches off the ground as she shivers and moans, her breathlessness evidence of a deep, satisfying orgasm.
Saskia sees what's going on and decides she wants in on this one too. She shuffles around so she can get a close up of the action. Her hands wander to Femke's breast as she squeezes her nipples between her index finger and thumb. The combination of my cock in her mouth, Saskia's handiwork on her nipples, her boyfriend's cock on her clit and her own handiwork in her cunt as she squeezes her pelvic floor muscles is just too much for her. Femke's next orgasm rips through her body. She howls as waves of pleasure sear through her, cutting into her flesh like a hot knife. I watch in awe as every part of her body pulses in waves of tension and relaxation from her finger tips to her toes. Her face is a picture of ecstatic pain, as her head shakes the towel falls off, revealing that her eyes are squeezed tight shut.
As the ripples of her orgasm start to subside, Saskia pounces. Realising that she can lick Jan's cock and Femke's pussy at the same time she moves forward. Saskia takes Jan's cock in her mouth and starts to bob gently on him, running her tongue around the head of his dick. As she does that I kneel forward once again over Femke, who takes my hard cock into her willing mouth.
Jan is kneeling up, leaving his girlfriends pussy bare and in need of attention as he starts to face fuck my girlfriend. I lean forward, moving effortlessly into a 69 position my nostrils by her cunt.
The odour coming from her dripping pussy make me throb, and I start to lick her, hoping that she tastes as good as she smells. As I do so I feel her lips on my dick once again as she starts to suck me in. Saskia has finished slicking up Jan's cock with her saliva so grabs it, pushing my head away so that she can line it up against Femke's warm dripping pussy.
I give Femke's clit one last lick before kissing Saskia, making sure that she has time to savour the taste of pussy on my lips. She leans into this and thus her attention turned towards her boyfriend for what seems like the first time in ages. We connect, kissing passionately before I go back to the important business of feeding Femke my cock.
I am sure that Femke must feel like she's died and gone to sex heaven. She has me feeding my 25cm cock into her mouth. Saskia is once again working her nipples and clit whilst her boyfriend slides his cock into her. One of her hands squeezes precum out of my cock, whilst the fingers of the other hand are buried in my girlfriend's pussy. I look down at her and realise that her body is made for sex. She's fit as fuck, flexible, and has a certain poise and presence that is breathtakingly attractive and erotic. There's a collective moan and sigh, a feeling of deep satisfaction and connection at what is going on between the four of us. Group sex is as new to me as it is to everyone else in this dirty little group. But it seems to suit us and we're all working hard to maximise both what we put into it and also what we get out of it.
I look over to see that Jan's feeling the heat. He's been fucking his girlfriend slowly and sensually for some time now, taking long slow strokes inside her. I am sure he wants to maximise her pleasure, but I also know that the unexpected intensity and novelty of the group sex he's involved in means he's close to unloading. I am guessing from Jan and Femke's reaction to our playtime that this is their first four way, and their first spit roast. I can see Jan speeding up for a couple of thrusts before having to slow down; he's edging and close to unloading. Saskia sees it too and decides to accelerate the process. I know why -- she feels like she own's Femke's pussy now: she's impatient and wants to go down on Femke's post-fucking cream pie.
She looks at Jan with a sweet innocence, running her hand across his chest, down his stomach, then round to his butt. At first he's smiling back, but then he tenses as he realises what Saskia's up to. Her fingers, still wet with his girlfriend's pussy juice homes in on his bum, and as she smiles at him she inserts her middle finger into his butt hole. At first he freezes, hoping that he can hold back from coming for a while longer before realising that he's crossed the point of no return. He then thrusts and groans, pushing back against Saski's finger as hard as he's thrusting into his girlfriend. He unloads hard, moaning loudly as the force of his orgasm rips through his body. This is much to the delight of Saskia: one of her hands is working Jan's hole whilst the other masturbates Femke's labia and clit.
His accelerated orgasm gives him the release he needs, even if it was a little quicker than he wanted. I can see his cock and balls pulse over and over as he unloads into Femke, egged on by Saskia. Femke is moaning, the feeling of warm cum inside her tipping her over the edge once again. She spits my cock out as her head writhes. Her screams -- which she tries and fails to muffle by stuffing a corner of the picnic blanket in her mouth - are loud enough to heard all the way to Zandvoort as she comes. Her back arches off the blanket once more as her vaginal contractions spit Jan's cock out her pussy. She lies there quivering uncontrollably, tightly holding one of Saskia's hands with her own to create connection and stillness, needing time away from stimulation she's just been enjoying.
Saskia rolls to lie beside her, kissing her as she runs her hand across her feted brow. Whilst it's fun to watch my girlfriend fall in love with another woman, I'm feeling a little out of sorts here. I'm still holding onto a raging hard on, and feel a little tingle of frustration that things might cool down now that both Femke and Jan have had their fun - it feels a lttle uneven since they're done before I've really started
Of course I needn't have worried. I hadn't counted on the impact of Saskia when she's horny. Saskia takes Femke's hand, which is covered in cum and pussy juice and starts to lick it. Femke sees what she's doing so nuzzles up to my girlfriend, kissing her and licking her fingers at the same time.
Femke looks up to me and smiles, saying to us, "I need more." Then she spins herself round so that she's on top of Saskia in a 69, with her pussy a tantalising few millimetres from Saskia's mouth. I have to say that for a moment I wondered how straight my girlfriend was as I watched her lick a dripping cream pie clean of come for the first time whilst her own pussy was getting licked by Femke.
My cock twitched and bobbed with appreciation as they went to work. And whilst it was fun to watch, the old adage sprung to mind -- many hands make light work; if Femke needed more sex to sate her appetite, then I needed to give it to her!
With that in mind, I slide my cock towards Femke's pussy and my girlfriends' face. Saskia she sees what I am doing and reaches out for my throbbing cock. I feel her rub me kissing my cock and then urging me towards her new lover's pussy.
The fantasy of fucking someone knowing that they could get pregnant got my hormones raging all the harder. Maybe it's some sort of fetish I don't know I had, but as soon as Saskia opened the door to me fucking Femke, I grasp the opportunity, sliding my cock into her cum-slicked hole. I ram home, going full-hilt in a single stroke without stopping. Femke moans like a whore as I feed her my cock, causing her to bury her face in my girlfriends slit.
Up close, Saskia is the first to notice the impact of my fucking on her girlfriend's pussy; cum juice leaks out of her slit and into Saskia's open, waiting mouth. The sight of my girlfriend licking the cream pie I am fucking gets my blood pulsing even more. On the one hand I know it would be best to withdraw before I fill her up with my baby juice, on the other the filthiness of the situation cases me to lose my head. I thrust into Femke harder, moaning gutturally as I do so. More cum is squeezed out, which Saskia eagerly licks up in-between running her tongue down my cock and balls. I play out this fantasy in my head where I am fucking Femke. Knowing she could get pregnant with my bab causes me to rage some more. I'm moments from exploding, so grab Femke's hips, fucking her with controlled roughness and speed.
"Yes! Fuck me, Nicky!" screams Femke, "Fill me with cum! I want your cum inside me now!"
I can see Jan's troubled look at that idea, but rather than alleviate my horniness it has the opposite effect, spurring me on.
My ex-post rationalisation is that I should have stopped there and then. That the right thing to do would be to have taken my dick out of Jan's girlfriend and to have unload messily over my girlfriend's face. However, my rational brain is cut off by my extreme horniness.
Saskia is still underneath Femke, stimulating her clit eagerly with her tongue and fingers. I can feel Femke's vaginal walls start to pulse, and I know she's going to come at exactly the same time I do.
I make no effort to hold it back, but rather let the feeling of my orgasm crash over me. My knees weaken as I pulse a generous load into Femke, feeling simultaneously massively turned on and ashamed at myself that I took advantage of an ovulating woman. I feel my baby juice pulse into her, my cock shaft rhythmically pulsing my warm load into her. Femke is moaning appreciatively as I do this, thrusting back on my cock to make sure my cum is unloaded as deep into her as possible.
My guilty eyes lock onto Jan as my dick finishes unloading. I am still holding onto his girlfriends hips as my dick starts to shrivel then pops out of his girlfriend. Saskia, the ever-present cleaning lady, waits patiently as my cum oozes out of Femke and into her open mouth.
Femke rolls off Saskia, lying on her side exhausted. Saskia does the same, spinning round so that they're lying in a spoon position. I join in, sliding my body behind my girlfriends, aware that my dick, wet with another woman's pussy juice is pushing into her back. Jan holds back. He's little troubled that his girlfriend has shown a side to him that he may have fantasised about, but which he now finds confronting and difficult to deal with.
Saskia is hugging Femke tight to her body, kissing her neck as they giggle together. My Dutch isn't perfect but I am sure that I hear Saskia whispering to Femke, "I'm sure that Nicky will make beautiful babies!"
My eyes are heavy and the soporific effect of sex and wine means that I feel myself sliding into a slumber. I wake a short time longer to see Femke and Jan dressing. Whilst the girls as chatting happily, Jan is brusque and noticeably business-like in his manner. I sit up just as the two of them walk off, making their way back to Zandvoort and the train home.
Saskia turns round and kisses me, all smiles. She has two glasses of wine in her hand and we toast the day, laughing at what we've just done.
"She's beautiful," says Saskia as she watches the two of them walk off into the distance.
"Agreed," I reply, "But, sweetheart, I love you more than anything else in the world, you know that?"
Saskia smiles back at me. "You made a great impression on Femke."
"Me?" I reply. "I think you did! It was fun to meet them, too bad we can't keep in touch."
Saskia flashes me one of her 'little minx' smiles. "Oh but we can, Nicky," she says in reply.
Saskia then told me what happened when I was sleeping. Jan went for a grumpy swim in the ocean alone, supposedly because he needed to pee, but more likely because he didn't enjoy watching me fucking his newly bisexual girlfriend.
Whilst he was gone, Femke and Saskia start kissing and their hands start to wander across each other's bodies. They started to touch each other again as they kissed, and with their guys gone, were very happy to explore their lesbian side unencumbered by their regular partners.
Apparently, Jan came back just as the two of them brought each other to orgasm and was not at all happy with what he saw. He slipped on a pair of shorts and said he was off to the beach pavilion to get himself something to eat.
Whilst he was gone, Femke confided in Saskia that the day before she'd received the results of the sperm test that Jan had taken. Despite them trying and failing to get pregnant for over a year, he'd been very dismissive about needing a test, saying that there was nothing wrong with him. It meant that Femke had set up the test, and then found herself responsible for wanking him off till he came in a little plastic container. She was even expected to take his ejaculate to the clinic for analysis. She gave her contact details for the results. She'd found out the day before that his sperm count was very low and that they were mainly not moving -- that the motility was abnormal. Basically, they'd not been getting pregnant because Jan was infertile.
My head swims as I take this in.
"So, if she gets pregnant, then it's my baby?"
Saskia nods. "But don't worry, Femke had decided to break it off with Jan. He gets grumpy way too often and sometimes his filthy moods can last for days. The fact he's sterile is the straw that broke the camel's back. She's just waiting to find somewhere else to live before leaving. Femke has told me that she still wants to get pregnant and that she's looking for a donor. I told her that I thought you'd make beautiful babies!"
"What?" I ask in reply, the rush of adrenalin shaking off any lasting vestiges of sleep.
"Sweetheart, she's looking for a donor, not a daddy, and you'd be perfect."
"But I just fucked her, that's not a donor baby," I point out.
"Nicky, trust me, the family's lawyers will get this wrapped up by tomorrow. All we need to do is to ensure that Femke is provided with a constant stream of fresh sperm!"
Whilst on the one hand I'm shocked at this revelation, the part of me that loves the fantasy of fucking someone with the intention of getting them pregnant builds. I also start to fantasise about fucking Femke when she is pregnant with my baby, and also about watching Femke and Saskia fucking each other. As I think about these things my dick starts to go hard.
"See," says Saskia rubbing my cock appreciatively, "I knew you'd like the idea."
It has to be said that the idea of fucking Saskia, Femke, or any combination of the three of us did make my dick grow more rapidly than I had expected.
"But. But. But.." I splutter, trying to put forward a reasoned argument against the idea of spending more time fucking Femke.
"Want to know what the really good news is?" asks Saskia, a twinkle in her eye. "As I said, Femke needs a place to live -- and rapidly. I offered her the apartment below ours."
Given that her family's business owned the whole building they decided who lived in it. The apartment below Saskia's had been used for many years to house staff who were on secondment to the Amsterdam office. Executives from all over the world had stayed there, for short periods of time. With the pandemic, it had remained empty for some time.
"So," I said, "this is how I see it. You're suggesting that your newly-found gay BFF moves in below us so that you can explore your bi side with her. Meanwhile, you expect me to fuck her brains out on demand, supervised by you, with the expectation that I get her pregnant. And the family lawyers will make sure that a water-tight contract is drawn up that ensures that my responsibility for parenting starts and ends with depositing baby juice in her?"
"Not exactly, Nicky," she says in reply. "Femke isn't gay. But apart from that, you're on the money." Saskia is now lying on top of me, frottaging my hard cock against her wet pussy lips whilst she kisses me into submission.
"But.. I... But..." I am still dumbfounded so that's all I manage to say before I submit to her teasing rock my hips in time with Saskia's rhythm. She know's she's broken my resolve when my cock starts to enter her.
Quite the day.