They'd been drinking all evening. A girl's night out, but just at our house, which I guess was out for most of them.
On these nights I wasn't to be seen or heard – and I wasn't meant to see or hear anything. My wife and her friends 'indulged' themselves occasionally, and I was not allowed to see or participate. My job on these nights was to clean the kitchen and keep the snacks and drinks ready for when they were wanted. If someone was headed that way my wife would raise her voice a little and I would hear and go back to the den, where I'd been ordered to stay when my wife or one of her friends was in the kitchen.
I could pretty much hear what was going on when I was in the kitchen. They were watching a movie where, as far as I could tell, men weren't given a lot of respect. There were a bunch of jokes about little dicks. That's what started it. A long, slightly inebriated discussion of the dicks they had known. I didn't hear every detail, but I heard more than enough. It was a pretty typical discussion for them.
I started paying more attention when Irene asked Melissa, her niece, "What about those college boys? I bet you've seen a few nice dicks at that fancy college you go to."
"I've never seen a naked man in person," she replied.
That set off a bunch of noise. The other ladies were all pretty amazed that Melissa, a sophomore in college, had not yet seen a naked man in person. There was more conversation about first experiences with naked men. They were all pretty similar – either a relative inadvertently or a boyfriend. I already knew my wife's story – she'd walked into the bathroom, on purpose, on an older cousin just before she went to college. And in college, well, she wasn't promiscuous, but she wasn't a saint, either.
They kept after Melissa for a while, but she was adamant that she'd never seen a naked male outside of art, a magazine, or a movie. No internet porn. No art classes with a nude model. No peek into the boys' showers. No inadvertent bathroom door openings when staying with a friend or relative. No hand jobs, no blowjobs, no dry humping. A few bulges noticed but no one particularly and always covered up.
"Well, we're going to solve this right now," I heard my wife, Janet, say. I shuddered. I had a fantasy about what might happen, but I didn't dare think it really would happen.
"Gerald, come in here please," she said, quietly but firmly. She knew I was listening for her commands.
"Yes, dear." I replied. When Janet uses that tone of voice I know I'd better jump. She doesn't do it often, but when she does...well, I just respond and do as I'm told. Really, it's easier. And part of just giving up control to her is comforting. I don't have to think, I don't have to worry, I just have to do what I'm told. Immediately.
I walked into the living room. Janet and her friends were sitting around the room. Irene, who works with Janet at the office supply store, was there with her niece, Melissa, like I said before. They were sitting in the three easy chairs. Clare, a lawyer, Jessica, the principal of the local elementary school, and Linda, who taught physics at the college, were on the couch. With the exception of Melissa they were all about Janet's age – late 40's. None of them are particularly big or small, beautiful or ugly. Just four, typical, middle-aged women, all in reasonably good shape. They'd met in various ways and at various times in their lives and finally Janet brought them all together one night and they formed the friendship, and now our families tended to do things together. Mellissa, 19, was the exception. She's very pretty – but I guess most 19-year olds are. Tall, about 5'9" with light brown hair cut short, smallish, firm breasts high on her chest, a nice small round ass, and legs that went on forever. And hazel eyes with little gold flecks.
"Undress please," Janet told me. I started unbuttoning my shirt right away, and slipping out of my loafers.
"Janet, really?" Jessica asked. She was giggling as she asked it.
"By her age Melissa should have seen a naked man and his dick," Janet replied. "We have an available man, with a dick, and we will provide Mellissa with that experience."
"It's really not necessary," Melissa said. "I mean I really don't want to make him, don't want to..." It was clear she was embarrassed. But she was leaning forward a bit, too.
"It is necessary," her aunt said. "By your age all of us had seen and handled a cock, most of us more than one. It's about time you did. So be quiet and watch, and do what you're told. This is for your benefit."
"Yes, Aunt Irene," Melissa replied quietly. I almost knew what she felt like. A little subdued. Uncertain. And a little horny, too.
I continued to undress and soon I was standing, naked, in the middle of the room, facing Melissa. Janet stepped over and unlocked and removed my chastity device.
"Ok, sweetie," Janet said, "Take a good look. Gerald isn't a perfect man, but he is pretty typical. Maybe a little short, and definitely not the longest dick you'll ever encounter. But, when it gets hard...we'll let him get hard in little while...it's nicely thick. That's why I keep him around – his little thick dick feels good when I ride it."
This was hardly the first time I'd heard that in a public setting, and hardly the first time Janet had put me on display like this. Clare and Irene had seen me like this before – more than once. Janet had even provided me to Clare not too long after her divorce – just three times, and with strict instructions on how I was to behave – including not climaxing, but making sure Clare did several times each session.
Clare preferred oral. And, one time only, anal. She had her biggest orgasms when she was riding me with my cock in her ass. Four of them. It took every ounce of my self-control not to orgasm then. I was sensitive for hours later. The smallest touch and I would have spurted. I didn't, even when Clare locked me back in my chastity device. Clare told Janet I had behaved myself, but barely. Janet kept me on edge but didn't let me come for a month after the last session. When she finally did, well, it was very satisfying. That's all I'm allowed to say about it. Or about any orgasm I have. Very satisfying.
Melissa was staring. So were the other women. As Janet reported, I'm pretty typical. 5'8" and 150 lbs. Brown hair. Clean shaved – on my face and everywhere else, per Janet's preferences. Green eyes. An appendix scar from when I was 16. I turned 50 last year. I'm a pharmacist.
"Yup, that's a naked man," Linda said. "You keep him in good shape, Janet."
"He'd better be," she responded. "I require it."
"Keep him on a short leash?" Jessica asked.
"Yes, I find that works best," Janet replied.
"Even on his cock?" The third glass of wine Jessica had finished ahead of the others was starting to tell.
"Especially on his cock," Janet replied, smiling. "Notice – he's soft. He can only get hard when I say, he can only come when I say. Keeping him locked up helps."
"We learn something new every day," Linda said, quietly. I felt for her husband, Robert. Something told me that Linda would soon be consulting with Janet about training him the way I was trained and about where to get a cock cage. It really isn't that bad. Really.
"Turn around," Janet said. "Let Melissa see everything."
I slowly turned in place. Melissa was watching.
"So niece, what do you think?" Irene asked Melissa.
"Ummm, he's ok, I guess. I mean, it's about what I expected. He's got a cute ass – for an old guy."
I suppressed a smile. Janet likes to tell me how much she likes me ass, too. At least when she isn't disciplining me.
"Fine, fine, fine," Clare said. "But she needs to see him hard. And she needs to see him come. So give him permission, Janet, and let's get this show on the road." Clare was finishing her third glass of wine, too. And she'd had one at home, too, before she left for the party.
"Very well. Gerald, you may allow yourself to become erect," Janet ordered.
I looked around the room. Each of the women, in her own way, was arousing. Janet for a thousand different reasons and for the fact that she married me and controlled me. Clare, well, Clare because I'd never known a woman who had bigger orgasms from anal than from any other kind of sex. Linda because she was kind of little and cut her brown hair short and because her nipples got hard all the time and poked through her blouses. Jessica because she would flash me now and then – and she never wore panties on the days she flashed me and her bras were all transparent and her nipples were big, dark, and round. Irene, well, Irene because she liked to watch. And because Janet liked her watching. And Melissa, well Melissa because she was nineteen and hard-bodied and innocent and was staring at my cock as I let it grow.
"I guess that's an erection," Linda said, sounding a little disappointed. I was hard, but not particularly excited. About two thirds of my full potential.
"Well, it's a start," said Janet. "He usually needs a little more encouragement to get really hard. We're working on that."
Working on it meant that I was trying to figure out how to get as hard as possible as quick as possible. Janet knew that getting as hard as I was at the moment was progress, but she wanted more. And she was willing to whip me to get it. So I was working hard on how to instantly be fully hard and erect when she commanded. Janet whips hard. I can't sit comfortably for a day or two after one of her sessions.
"Well Melissa," Irene said, "Here's where you get to learn something. Who's going to show Melissa how to encourage a man?"
"May I?" asked Jessica.
"Go ahead," Janet replied.
Jessica got up off the couch and knelt down beside me. I glanced down, but only briefly because looking down in that situation would result in a whipping. Janet never hesitated to whip me if she caught me looking at other women without her permission. Jessica's blouse had fallen open a little and I saw that her bra was blue and, as always, pretty sheer. I felt my cock twitch. Janet glared at me. I was going to get a whipping, but not right now.
"Mmmh," Jessica said. She'd noticed my glance. "Sometimes a little visual stimulation helps." She unbuttoned her blouse and held it open. I glanced at Janet, and she nodded. I looked down.
Jessica has large, full breasts. Her nipples were clearly visible through her pale blue, sheer bra and both of them were erect. I felt my cock grow a little.
"See," she said. "Men enjoy looking at your boobs. It's amazing what you can get them to do if you just flash a little tit now and then."
"Jessica, that's disgusting," Linda said.
"Like you don't let your pokies show all the time and use it to your advantage," Jessica replied.
"Never!" Linda exclaimed. Her erect nipples were visibly poking through her turtleneck.
"Enough," Janet said. "He can get bigger."
"Right," Jessica said. "Touch helps, of course. You just run your finger up the underside and around the head, like this."
She did it, her index finger running firmly up the underside of my cock and then around my glans. I got harder.
"See how he likes it?" she said.
"Mmmh, hmmm," Melissa replied. She shifted a little in her seat. She didn't look quite as embarrassed as I expected her she would. In fact, she was leaning forward and looking really hard at me. At my cock, that is. I twitched again.
"See, he's getting more excited," Janet said. "When he twitches like that he's turned on."
"Of course, you can grab it too, and rub it up and down," Linda said. I hadn't noticed that she had gotten up and come over next to me. She wrapped her hand around my cock and started tugging on it. I had to concentrate more. Janet hadn't told me to come yet, and sometimes it didn't take long when a stranger was handling me. Linda wasn't really a stranger, but you get the point.
Linda's tugging at me quickly got me about as big as I ever get.
"See," Linda said. "He's not all that long, but he's nice and thick. My hand just gets around it. A lot of them are longer, but it's ones that are thick like this that can feel really good. And look," she said, "the skin on his cock is a little loose. You can pull it up and down over the head."
"It does feel good," Janet sighed. "Ok, he's a nice a size. Look at it closely Melissa and remember it. Your first live cock."
Melissa got up and knelt in front of me. She looked at my cock intently, and even bent over and looked at my balls.
"Go ahead, touch it," Janet said. "He won't come on you. You won't come on her," she ordered.
"Yes ma'am," I answered.
Melissa reached out gingerly and ran her finger over the tip of my cock. I shivered. Her touch was soft and gentle and, for some reason, terribly arousing.
Slowly she traced her finger down the length of my cock, and then down to my balls. She cupped them in her hand, weighing them. My cock twitched.
"Ooh," she said, a little surprised. Her face was pretty close to my cock and it had almost brushed her nose when it twitched.
"Wrap your hand around it tug on it like I showed you," Linda said.
Melissa drew her hand back. "I couldn't," she said. "I just couldn't."
"Of course you can," Clare said. "Just grab it and tug."
Melissa looked around the room and realized she didn't have much of a choice. Gingerly she reached out and wrapped her hand around my cock, and then started tugging it up and down. It felt amazing – she didn't grab me that hard but somehow she was touching every spot just right.
"She needs to see him come," Irene said, after a minute or two of Melissa masturbating me.
"Not on my freshly cleaned carpet," Janet replied.
"She needs," Irene said, "to have him come on her. She needs to know what it's like to have a man spurt his hot come on her tits."
"Aunt Irene!" Melissa exclaimed. She dropped my cock and leaned back away from me.
"She's right," Clare said. "You need to see him come, and you need to have him come on you."
"We all need to see him come on her," Jessica said. "We need to see that, a lot."
"Just how horny are you, Jessica?" Linda asked.
"Horny enough that I want to see him come on those pert little college girl tits," Jessica replied. "Like you don't want to see it, too."
"We all want to see it," Clare said. "We all want to see him come. Melissa needs to see it. And feel it."
"Fine," Janet said. "But on her, not on my carpet."
"He'll ruin my blouse," Melissa complained.
"Not on your blouse, honey," Jessica said. "On your tits. On your naked tits."
"Oh," Melissa said, very quietly. "Really?"
"Really," Irene said. "Nice niece, take you blouse and bra off and show him your nice tits with their nice nipples. And then make him come all over those nice tits and nice nipples so you can rub his nice come into your skin and taste it."
"Aunt Irene!" Melissa looked a little shocked.
"Nice niece, get naked." Irene tends to get a little silly when she's drinking. Thus the nice niece nonsense. I'd hear variations on that theme before. Nice niece. Nasty nephew. Gerry jerk off. Other stuff like that.
They'd all gathered around me, now, all on their knees looking up at me and then at Melissa.
"Do I really have to do this?" Melissa asked. She looked a little worried.
"Yes," her aunt Irene said. "Get that top off and get that man excited and make him come all over you." It was clear she wasn't kidding.
Slowly Melissa unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off her shoulders. Her bra was simple and white. With a little more coaxing from her aunt, Melissa reached behind her, unfastened the hooks, and then slipped her bra off.
My cock twitched again. Twice.
Melissa's breasts were magnificent. Not big, but full, round, and firm with long pink nipples that were starting to swell. Her breasts didn't sag at all. They were pert, like Jessica had said. My cock twitched a third time, and I swear it got a little harder and a little longer. At least if felt like that.
"God, to be 19 again," Clare said. "My tits haven't stood up that way in years."
"Your tits never stood up that way, ever," Irene replied. "You've always had big ones and they may not have sagged as much as they do today, but they sagged back then, too."
"Bitch," Clare laughed.
"Ok, enough, make him come," Jessica said.
"Go ahead Melissa," Janet said. "Play with him. You can even suck him if you want. He won't come until I tell him to."
"Oh," Melissa said. "I couldn't. Really. It was hard enough just to touch him."
"Nonsense," Linda said. "You do it this way." She reached out and took Melissa's hand and started caressing my cock with it. Slowly Melissa relaxed and she shook off Linda's hand. Her fingers moved up and down and all around, touching and teasing. She grabbed my balls with her left hand and tugged at them, and she made a fist around my cock with her right and rubbed me up and down like she had before.
"That's it," Clare said. "Tug him up and down."
I really, really had to concentrate. It wasn't long before Melissa got me up to the point where I felt the tingle running the length of my cock that says I'm really excited and, if the stimulation keeps up, that I will come.
"Put your mouth on him," Linda said. "Get the full experience. Taste what an excited man tastes like."
Melissa loosened her grasp on me and I felt a trickle of pre-cum ooze from the tip of my cock.
"There you go, you're getting to him," Irene said. "That stuff coming out of him is really good, taste it, Melissa."
"Don't even think about it, Gerald," Janet commanded. She wasn't talking about letting Melissa suck me. She was telling me not to come.
I concentrated. I wasn't allowed to come yet, but I really wanted to.
"Do it," Jessica said. "It's fun."
Melissa put her face close to my cock, opened her mouth, and licked the tip, cleaning the pre-cum off of it.
I clamped down. Her tongue was like velvet rubbing over the tip. I was so close.
"Mmh, it doesn't taste like much. A little sweet," she said.
"True enough," Janet said. "It doesn't have much flavor. His semen has more taste."
"I bet it's tasty," Linda said.
"We'll never know unless he comes," Jessica complained. "Melissa, make him come. Suck him. Janet, tell him to come."
"It's not hard," Irene said. "Just put one hand on his shaft and hold it and then put your mouth around it. Move your mouth up and down. Get him nice and wet and jerk him with your hand at the same time you're sucking him."
Melissa looked uncertain, but she did as she was told. With one hand she grabbed the base of my cock and held on tight. Then she opened her mouth and slowly slipped it over the tip of my cock.
Her mouth was warm and moist and I resisted the urge to push forward and shove my cock down her throat. That would definitely result in a whipping.
Slowly she moved her mouth further and further over me, and I felt her lips stretching open to accommodate me.
"God, look at that," Linda gasped. "She's taking all of him."
"Go for it, kid. Suck that cock," Irene said.
Melissa moved her head up and down my cock a few times, and then leaned back. She rubbed me with her hand.
"So, how long does it take?" she asked.
"You're just getting started," Janet replied. "You have to tease him."
Melissa bent forward again and put her mouth over me. Slowly she got into a rhythm, sliding me in and out of her mouth and tugging me up and down. I had to concentrate hard and squeeze my muscles tight down there a few times when she would run her tongue around the head.
She kept it up for about five minutes before Clare got impatient.
"Ok, ok, that's enough. I'm tired of waiting. Janet, you tell us you have him under control, so order him to come."
"Fine, fine," Janet said. "Melissa, you are going to make him come now. Stop sucking him. Get a little closer."
Melissa did as she was told and scooted up a little closer to me.
"We'll give him a little treat since he's been a good boy," Janet said. "And Melissa, you should like this too. Take his cock in your hand.
She did as she was told.
"Now, rub the tip of it over your right nipple and around your breast."
Her breast was so soft and warm...it took everything I had not to come right then.
"How does it feel?" Janet asked.
"It's nice. It's kind of velvety." So was her breast.
"Do it to your other one," Clare told her.
She did. Her nipple was hard and she rubbed the tip of my cock up and down over it. As she did, she moaned a little.
"Good. Keep doing that," Clare told her. "Use it to stimulate yourself."
She rubbed me over her nipples and breasts. I looked, almost begging, at Janet.
"Yes, you may," Janet told me.
It only took an instant. Melissa rubbed the tip of my cock back and forth between her nipples and after the second or third time I was ready.
"I'm going to ejaculate now," I told her. Janet had trained me to tell people so they would be ready.
"Ok," Melissa said. She kept rubbing my cock around her nipples.
I waited until she had me pointed more or less between her breasts, and then I erupted. I could feel it race all the way from the base of my cock right up to the tip and spurt out of me. I grunted with the effort, and them moaned as I spurted. Melissa, a little startled at the first spurt, dropped my cock. It rested between her breasts. Since it had been two weeks since I last came the first spurt was really a lot, coating her chest and up to her neck and then dripping down toward her stomach. The second and third spurts hit her left breast, and then she moved a little and the last couple got her in the chest again and a little on her right breast. She sat back on her heels and I could see that I had gotten her pretty well. I'm really not supposed to grunt or moan or anything, but I couldn't help it and I know had been really noisy during the whole thing. It just felt so damn good.
"Oh goddd," Linda sighed. I glanced over quickly and saw she was gripping one breast hard and had her other hand between her legs.
Melissa looked a little stunned. "Oh, geez, I didn't think it would be so warm...and so much of it."
"When you keep them trained and only let them orgasm infrequently there does tend to be a lot when they do," Janet commented.
"Taste it," Irene commanded Melissa.
"What?" Melissa was still a little dazed by it all.
Irene dipped her finger in the semen that coated her niece's chest and held it to her lips.
"Taste it," she commanded and slipped her finger into Melissa's mouth.
"It's salty," Melissa said after Irene withdrew her finger.
"I bet it is," Linda said. She'd stopped rubbing herself but her hand was still on her breast.
"Gerald, go prepare a warm cloth and come back and clean up your mess. Melissa, you may wish to try rubbing the semen into your skin. It's a bit sticky, but a very pleasant experience overall."
Quickly I went to the kitchen, wet a towel with warm water, and came back to the living room. I gently cleaned my semen from Melissa's torso. Her eyes were on me the whole time. I tried to be very gentle and very appreciative of the intimacy she allowed as I wiped my semen from her breasts and stomach. Her nipples hardened under my touch.
"That was so hot," Jessica said. "I'm squishy."
"Me, too," Linda said. She looked at Janet, a question on her face.
"Oh, all right," Janet said, looking around at her friends. "Clare, Irene?"
"Yes, please," Clare replied.
"Hell yes," Irene replied.
"Gerald, please go get us some towels." I left the room, but as I did I heard Melissa ask what was happening. The linen closet was in the hallway, so I heard everything.
"Melissa," Janet said calmly, "Your aunt and the other ladies here are all good and intimate friends. On occasion, when we feel it appropriate, we indulge ourselves. Your, education session, shall we call it, was very arousing. Those of us who desire are now going to masturbate in order to relieve some the sexual tension that has built up."
"Oh," Melissa said. "Really?"
"Yes dear," Janet replied. You may join us if you wish, or not. Or you may just watch, as your aunt prefers to do from time-to-time. Also, as your education required Gerald to have an orgasm, and as he is available and in performance mode, so to speak, I will allow anyone who wishes to have his oral attention to indulge herself that way."
"Oh," Melissa said. She was quiet for a minute, and then spoke quietly with her aunt.
I returned to the room just as this discussion was ending with a stack of freshly laundered towels and distributed them around the room.
When I was finished and kneeling in the corner and facing the wall, awaiting further instructions, Irene spoke.
"I think," she said, "That since Melissa sucked Gerald that he should return the favor. She's gotten a lot of education tonight, a little bit more would be good."
"Melissa?" Janet questioned.
"Yes, please," she said quietly.
"Fine then. Gerald."
I stood up, moved in front of Melissa, and knelt.
An hour later I circulated the room with warm, moist towels. I gently cleansed each of the ladies, and then dried them with more clean, warm, dry towels. They then dressed, and left.
"Gerald," Janet said after we closed the door.
"Yes, ma'am," I replied.
"Eight weeks, this time, I think." As she said this she fastened the chastity device around my cock and balls and locked it.
"Yes, ma'am."
She whipped me hard that night for my indiscretion in looking at Jessica before I had permission, and then again for making noise without permission when I ejaculated.
Eight weeks is a long time. I wonder what she'll let me do when the time is up. I'm sure it will be very satisfying.