Note= This is in no way a true portrayal of real events or real persons.
xxx
London, 2010.
x
"For heaven sake, Lady Sonia. Are all the Yanks going to be funny? Don't they just want a good honest shag?"
Rhian Sugden held up a very fetching pair of pink lace briefs in her fingers as she addressed Lady Sonia Kensington. She and Lucy Pinder were shopping in London's exclusive Harvey Nichols Store in Knightsbridge, and had been joined by their new agent who had news of their latest engagement.
"Have neither of you indulged in some kinky sex ever?" Quipped Her Ladyship in a typical moment of self effacing understatement. "I've seen you both modeling some raunchy outfits in the magazines, haven't I?"
"Yeah, but neither of us have done, you know, it, in public."
"Well, actually I have," deadpanned Lucy, much to Rhian's indignation.
"Look, George Clooney will pay you top dollar if you just humour him a bit. He's not ALL bad."
The renowned 49 year old movie star was in Europe where he was filming his latest thriller 'The American.' Most of the work had been completed in Sweden during the last month, and he was now busy with overdubbing sessions to be undertaken in a recording studio in West London. He had contacted the Lady Sonia Glamour Girls Services as he fancied some female company for the duration of his stay.
"And he loves his food, so you'll get a decent meal out of it."
"And he gets his jollies by doing it in the street?" Said Rhian in a mocking tone.
"He's not that mad! No, he just likes the thrill of nearly, but not quite, getting caught."
"He needs therapy, is what he needs, not a date."
"Come on, Sugs. After all, we do pose in the nude in the magazines and The Sun newspaper."
Lucy made some sense and both women readily agreed to go along with Clooney's fetish.
x
Lucy was up first and duly turned up at nine at what must be one of the best kept secrets in London, namely Fiddie's Italian Kitchen on Finchley Road. George was already outside the restaurant and greeted the gorgeous glamour model warmly. The hot brunette was instantly impressed by the debonair six footer with the suave evening suit and immaculate greyish hair. He smelled wonderful and she found his smile hypnotising.
"Evening, Miss Pinder, is it? Charmed, I'm sure."
"Pleased to meet you."
George took Lucy by the hand and kissed the back of it lightly.
"You look stunning by the way."
"Thank you, Mister Clooney."
"Tut. George, if you would be so kind. We won't stand on ceremony tonight."
I'm pretty sure we won't, thought she as she was ushered inside on his arm. Lucy was like an icon of elegance herself in a plain white cocktail dress reminiscent of the famed Marilyn Monroe classic. Sleeveless and with a scoop neck, the top heavy brunette looked dressed to kill, as was her very intention.
"You're going to love this place. I come here all the time."
George was heartily welcomed by the owner who steered the couple to the quietest part of the room. Lucy noted the place was fairly small with only nine tables, all with crisp white cloths and designed to seat two. Quite the intimate setting to be sure. Various Italian themed pictures adorned the white walls, some in black and white and some in vibrant colour.
"Very funny. Nice."
George humoured the owner who cracked jokes and hovered around the table. Lucy saw the owner's eyes light up as he peered down her low cut dress furtively to ogle her superb 32GG breasts.
"Bring us two glassed of Chianti. Then, we'll start off with calamari and salad, followed by two Tuscan style rib eye steaks, rare, with green beans and roasted potatoes."
"Excellent choice, Signore Clooney. Enzo! Chianti!"
A young waiter brought the bottle of red wine and poured two generous glasses before retreating with the owner.
"Salut!"
"Cheers."
Clooney took a healthy swig and inched nearer to Lucy's chair.
"So is Lady Sonia a real lady?" He asked as he took her hand in his.
"No, not really."
"I thought not. Whereas you are a Princess."
"Thank you."
"Her Ladyship showed me some very fetching pictures of you and Rhian. Fantastic, the pair of you. Tell me, did she make things clear to you?"
"To a degree. You want to do it in the open. Right?"
"Not necessarily. We could do it right here."
Lucy looked around the small confines of the diner. Two other couples were eating, and another couple were drinking at the bar.
"In here? How?"
Lucy looked into the actor's dark eyes which seemed to be boring into hers. Her pulse raced as he there was little doubt in her mind that he was undressing her.
"What are you thinking?"
"Right now I'm thinking that you should remove your underwear."
Clooney edged even closer to her right side as Enzo brought them their calamari and salad. As the Italian waiter set the plates down Lucy felt her hand in Clooney's and placed firmly on his stiff erection that tented the front of his trousers.
"Anything else, Signore Clooney?"
Lucy blushed as he squeezed her hand under the table on his sizeable bulge. She felt a flush in her loins and her panties instantly become moist. The position of their seats meant that no one could really get a proper look at their laps.
"Just a moment."
George Clooney milked the moment as he moved his hand to her soft inner thigh and under her white dress.
The waiter was oblivious as Lucy sighed to the brush of two fingers on her increasing dampness.
"I was forgetting where the bathroom was."
As the waiter gestured to one corner Clooney took his chance to slide his hand beneath her thin panties for a really good feel of her bald cunt. He nodded in approval as he dismissed the waiter. Lucy was smitten by the older Casanova and she felt her pussy throb with the need for further attention.
"Lucy. I want you to use the ladies and take them off."
"Alright."
She stood up and she felt his gaze burn into her behind as she stepped over to the corner of the restaurant. Once inside she quickly removed her panties and slipped them into her clutch.
Despite being one of the top nude models around she felt a distinct self consciousness as the other diners turned their heads her way. When she sat back down Clooney held out his hand and she dropped her panties into his palm.
"Well done." He said as he pocketed his prize.
He felt her under the table once more and smiled back at her.
"You're positively dripping."
Lucy was quite pleased at her own response and widened her legs for him. A man passed their table and she instinctively shut her thighs thereby trapping Clooney's fingers in her pussy.
"Hey, buddy. How do you like the food?"
Clooney deliberately delayed the diner who lingered with a bemused look on his face.
"Say, aren't you George Clooney?"
"Yes I am. And this is my date, Lucy. Say hi, dear."
George flashed her his enigmatic smile and Lucy bit her lip as her muff was flicked and fingered beneath her dress.
"Uh! H...hello. How...oh! How are you?"
Clooney knew exactly what he wanted and the more Lucy became flustered, the more turned on he became. She tensed her thighs and bottom as the light, but sensuous finger action continued.
"Good girl, now come over to the bar."
Lucy tottered on trembling pins the few feet to stand at the bar and Clooney joined her. The barman acknowledged them as Clooney leaned over the counter and pointed to a bottle on the lower shelf.
As they conversed Lucy felt the back of her dress lifted up and her pussy cupped from behind. The American expertly hid her exposed rump from the others as he began to rub her clit.
"What say you, my dear. Fancy a nice prosecco?" He asked with some amusement.
Lucy was at a loss for words as her clit was teased and her heels felt so high she felt she might very well topple over. She was unable to stop the moan of pleasure that came from her lips as she looked at the bar tender. Wonderful sensations snaked their way through her sex as more pressure was added on her hard clit. His middle digit dipped inside her aching cunt and he used her lubrication to wet her clit. "Thanks. We'll think it over."
George steered the dizzy brunette back to their table where she took a welcome swig of wine. Her head was spinning and her throat was dry. Now it was known that George Clooney was in the house Lucy noted increasing glances from the others.
"Open your legs wide."
Lucy looked at Clooney and obeyed, feeling the cool air of the room on her freshly shaven mons, and the thrill of the exposure. In a state of bravado she raised the hem of her skirt to display the tops of her white hold ups. Her seat warmed up from the heat that emanated from her aroused sex and it was a severe task to stop from fringing herself.
"Now you're getting it."
They finished their starter and welcomed the superb steaks. Clooney tucked in and whispered to Lucy as he took a bite.
"Now, take my cock out and jerk me off."
"Really?"
"Do it."
He took a sip of wine and looked directly into her large eyes without blinking. Lucy reached out to his groin under the tablecloth and unzipped his fly. As she looked around she slowly let his fat dick out into the open and gripped it in her right fist.
"Oh my word!"
Lucy toyed with her steak as she toyed with a totally different kind of meat under the table. His organ seemed to grow as she rubbed the thick shaft.
Clooney sighed and automatically humped up out of the seat to literally fuck her fist. The distinguished grey had to hold himself back as he desperately wanted to ram his boner up into her ample cleavage which jiggled enticingly in her plunging neckline. Lucy understood now the sheer sense of adventure and sexual exhilaration of it all as they played together in secret.
"And how is everything, Signore Clooney?"
The owner returned and Clooney gripped Lucy's hand on his erection and together they wanked his throbbing dick. She didn't think he could get any harder as his cock felt like a bar of steel.
"We'll take one dessert, the mousse di choccolato. And a double expresso for me."
"Un minuto."
Left alone again Lucy relinquished his dick and sat back and fanned herself.
"This is great. You like chocolate? Stupid question, of course you do. This is a fine mousse with pear and toffee sauce."
"Sounds yummy."
Within a minute they were served and Lucy looked at the gooey dessert piled up on a small plate. George looked at her with devilish eyes and leaned forwards.
"There's something I want you to do for me."
Lucy raised an inquisitive brow as he held her by the hand.
"I want you to dip under the table and suck me off. AND, use the mousse."
"How?"
"Use your imagination."
Boy, this guy sure likes to play games! Right! She would show him. Only one couple remained as the hour was almost midnight. Lucy slipped under the cloth with the dish of mousse and smashed it onto Clooney's knob. He gasped as the soft chocolate began to run down his upstanding pole and start to pool on his exposed balls.
"Yes!"
Lucy kissed his bell end and tasted the sweetness on his twitching cock. In the murky confines under the table, Lucy used her lips and tongue to guide her. The horny model focused on the tip of his dick and swirled around it, sucking in tempting bits of pear as she went.
"Oooh!"
Clooney sank into his seat when she took his sticky log into her mouth and silently suck on him. She wiped away some of the mousse from the corner of her mouth and smeared it down the underside of his quivering shaft. Then she moved up in a straight line from his root to his glans, piling up the warmed chocolate on top of his generous length.
"You little tease! I think you may very well earn a bonus tonight."
Lucy paused and let the melting mess run down his cock before she started all over again and repeated her game.
"Your date, Signore Clooney?"
George looked up at the owner and blinked hard.
"She won't be long. Something came UP!"
At that, Lucy dived down and proceeded to suck him off like crazy, swallowing the rich mousse down her throat. Once nice and slick, Lucy deep throated him, gurgling and slobbering on his now discoloured column, made dark by the chocolate.
Harder and harder, faster and faster, Lucy sucked on George until he inevitably erupted and pumped his load into Lucy's mouth. She greedily swallowed the heady combination of dessert and his cum, dribbling the mess down her chin and cleavage.
She emerged from under the table and signalled for Enzo to come over. As Clooney zipped himself up he watched the English model and was highly impressed by her attitude to the whole thing. With her face a mess she whispered to the waiter.
"Would you be a darling and fetch me another napkin? I managed to spill my mousse."
x
When Lucy got back to her shared flat at one in the morning she was surprised to see Rhian still up.
"Tell me, tell me everything!" She asked deliriously.
Lucy sat beside the bubbly blonde and cuddled up.
"Well..." x
Rhian received the short text message the next day. To the point and somewhat intriguing.
"Be outside the London Eye at nine. Wear a plain raincoat, thigh high boots and NOTHING ELSE. G.C."
"What on earth is he up to?"
The blonde stunner found an old Burberry trench coat with narrow shoulders and a nipped in waist. She had several pairs of boots and chose to contrast the white coat with the shiny pair in black with the four inch heels. She tied her hair back in a severe ponytail and drew the coat about her naked form. At 7.45 she took a black taxi to the Southbank and paid off the driver.
Scores of people. local and tourists ambled along by one of London's newest and most captivating attractions. Elegantly rotating over the River Thames the slow moving wheel had 32 capsules that offered a mesmerising 360 degree view of the capital, and up to 40 miles across the city.
"Now what?"
Rhian stood waiting as the sun went down in the west and tightened the waist belt of her coat. After hearing about Lucy's experience the stacked blonde was ready for almost anything. The young glamour model felt a mix of anticipation, intrigue, and a hint of sexual arousal as she looked this way and that.
"Rhian?"
She jumped as she was tapped on the shoulder by a tall man in an LA Dodgers cap and dark glasses.
"Mister Clooney?"
"GC. Call me GC. This way."
The bundled up actor looked fairly inconspicuous in his long coat as they strolled over to the stone wall that looked out onto the inky black water.
"So, you know Lucy?"
"Oh, sure. We're best friends."
"That's nice. I like that."
Clooney came behind the slim brunette and unbuckled her belt.
"Ever done it in public?"
"No." Sighed Rhian as he slid his hands over her shoulders. Then her coat was opened from behind and her huge globes were freed.
"I discovered the thrill of doing it in the open years ago. I love the idea of possibly getting caught. Gives me the biggest hard on."
His fingers roamed over her spectacular tits, sizing them up and teasing the nipples. She felt the cool night air on her bared flesh and they instantly became erect.
"You want to do it here?" Purred Rhian as waves of her arousal travelled to her loins.
"Perhaps. Any objections?"
Rhian looked here and there as Clooney moved his right hand up her long leg at the point where the top of her boot ended and met her bare skin. He moved inside to her mound and stroked the bald cleft of her moist slit. She sighed and closed her dark brown eyes as she was lightly fingered under her coat. Then he picked up speed and probed her wetness with rapid sawing of his middle finger. Her excitement soared and she responded in audible groans of approval.
"Nice and wet. Good."
Rhian felt the tell tale sensation of his upright cock move up and down the crevice of her lifted buttocks. As he dry humped the dizzy blonde he palmed her cunt and together they started a simulation of fucking without penetration. She felt her vulva swell and pulse against his welcome palm and despite the situation would have gladly taken him right there and then.
"Lovely view, darling."
A middle aged couple looked out at the River and bridge that spanned it merely four feet from the two making out. Clooney nuzzled Rhian's left ear and shushed her as he concealed his movements with his back.
The podgy man looked over at the wide eyed blonde and smiled, just as Clooney rubbed her clit hard until she came with a shudder and a prolonged moan of ecstasy.
"It is a bit on the chilly side." Observed the man as he saw Rhian jerk and shiver.
"He's right, my dear. Let's go for a ride on the wheel."
Clooney expertly moved the pair of then toward the paying entrance of the popular attraction as they both buttoned up their coats. Rhian was surprised by her own actions and her excitement only intensified when she surmised that they were going to do IT on the wheel!
Of all the suspended egg shaped pods, only ten were occupied on this rotation. The wheel started to move at it's leisurely ten inches a second and Clooney and Rhian settled down on the long bench. They both got close and Clooney stroked her cheek as he looked into her eyes.
"Suck it."
Clooney made sure that he shielded her from the eyes of the people in the other pods as she went down on her haunches. He unzipped his fly and she held his erect dick up and popped him between her lips. He swelled inside her mouth as she began to glide up and down on his hit shaft. His balls tightened as he looked down on the top of her head which was crammed against his groin. He felt the back if her throat with his cock head and he took in a sharp intake of breath and stopped her.
"We have a half hour before we have to get off. Let's do it."
In for a penny, in for a pound, she thought as she watched the famous actor drop his pants and reveal his bobbing cock which poked up at full mast.
"Oh!"
Rhian was spun around at a right angle so that she was pressed up against the clear glass. She felt his the intrusion of his stiff cock align with her soft pussy and push on in all the way. A squeak of surprise left her scarlet lips as she adjusted to his thick length. He withdrew nearly all the way before sliding back in to the hilt. Each inward stroke lifted Rhian up on the toes of her boots and she placed the palms of her hands on the glass. Her head was roughly yanked back by her ponytail as she was fucked harder.
"You like that? Like it rough?"
Rhian moaned in reply as he pistoned in and out at a fair pace. Her arousal had increased ten fold and her pussy was sopping wet as he gave her deep and searching thrusts. His exposed groin smacked against her bottom which rippled from the firm strokes.
"Oh! GC!"
Clooney let go of her hair and instead cupped her huge tits. Rhian whimpered breathlessly as she was slammed into and she willingly ground back at him, eager to savour every second of the lewd rut.
The sound of her soaked cunt being fucked filled the air of the unique pod. Clooney also began to groan and chant in time with his assured pelvic thrusts.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!"
He drew her coat down her body so that her superb frame was bared from the waist up. As the sun set they passed over the iconic clock tower of Big Ben and Rhian gave an ironic smile as Clooney hammered her with his stiff column.
"Lovely, lovely."
Ten minutes to go as they looked out on the Royal residence of Buckingham Palace that looked majestic in the soft rays of the setting sun. George slowed his pace and snorted as he made huge lunges up inside the alluring blonde. Rhian's head dipped as her pussy exploded and she reached her second climax. She rode out her quivering orgasm, still impaled on Clooney's log, until he roared and pulled out quickly and turned her to face him. He jammed his cock between her bouncing jugs and rubbed his boner in the tunnel of hot flesh. Thick ribbons of cum splashed her big boobs as he came, and long trails of the white stuff trickled down her ample cleavage.
"That was fantastic." He panted as his dick softened and he sat back on one of the benches.
Rhian pulled her coat about her naked body just as the slow ride ended. As they exited the capsule she went one way and George Clooney went the other. The date was over.
x
Two weeks later.
Rhian trudged into the small rented office of Lady Sonia and sat by her best friend, Lucy Pinder.
"Bloody hell!" The busty blonde groaned. "I just read the text you sent. Honestly, the mind boggles with these American's! Are they all kinky?"
"Beggars can't be choosers, love. We only have the one client booked, and he's wiling to pay through the nose to fulfil his desires."
Lucy bent sideways in her chair to address her friend, and sometime lover.
"He's been on a European shagging tour and he's compiling a list of the best countries in order."
"List?" Wondered Lucy.
"Tightest asshole,' quipped Her Ladyship. "Totally confidential by the way which is why he contacted us. And he's offering a bonus for the winning lady. Typically the Germans are in front, followed by the French. Always knew the French were tightwads."
Rhian looked momentarily stunned as she digested the latest. Anal sex!
"And unfortunately, I have a tummy bug. So the onus is on you."
As Lucy gave her the news the colour drained from Rhian's face.
"I won't lie, I did consider stepping up myself. I like a bit of anal actually. But he has a penchant for skinny blondes."
Lady Sonia lit another cigarette and gestured with a nod of her head.
"And, Lucy is willing to let you take all the cash for this assignment. Isn't that nice?"
"What's his name?"
"Casey Affleck."
"Oh, really? I do like him actually. Saw him in 'Daredevil ' and I thought he was rather sexy. Nice tight body." "No, babes. That's BEN Affleck. This is his brother. He's, different."
"I don't wish to pour cold water on your idea, but I haven't had it up the poop chute in years."
"Oh, there's nothing to it. You just bend over, lube up and..."
"Yes, quite!" Interrupted the blonde glamour model."
'I suggest practising at home for a couple of days. Get yourself loosened up. You'll soon get to the bottom of things!"
"Thank you VERY much." Said Rhian with a glare.
"I know, it's a real bummer," sniggered Lucy.
"It's still not too late to back out, my lovely." Laughed Lady Sonia joining in.
"Do shut up, the pair of you."
"Cheeky!" Snapped Lucy as Rhian gave her the finger. "It'll be alright Sugs. In the end!"
Lucy and Sonia dissolved into belly laughs as Rhian slammed the door behind her.
to be continued.