My wife and I have been occasional partner-swappers over the years and each have had several affairs. Because of concerns over possible HIV infection we have had no significant activity outside of our marriage for over three years.
However there has been one major exception that I think your readers will find interesting. (Certainly the activity is one that appeals to my voyeuristic interests and arouses a certain masochistic tendency in me.)
I am 49 and my wife, Julie, 44. She is an attractive blonde with a statuesque figure and, well-made up, looks in her thirties. She is tall, has a 38D bust, long legs and a tight behind.
To the outside world she appears what she is. A successful, county, upper-class English woman who wears elegant, well-cut clothes.
The only outward indication of her latent sexuality is her tendency often to wear unfashionably high-heeled shoes and quite heavier make-up than most of her friends.
In the privacy of our home she delights in wearing the sexiest of underclothes: open-cup bras, stockings and suspenders (garter-belt) and 5" high heels. She is enthusiastic and completely wanton in our love making.
Now to the exception I mentioned earlier:
In the mid-eighties I was on an exchange posting in Nigeria for four years. During that time we swapped partners regularly with "Frank" a very wealthy and successful Nigerian business man and his European wife.
He is almost blue-black, with a beautiful smooth skin and a constant broad smile. Tall and balding, the good-life has resulted in him being slightly on the tubby side.
He sports an impressive and exceptionally thick, heavily-veined 91/2" prick. Because of his size it doesn't look that long - but my wife says it is the hardest and most unyielding prick she has ever had in her.
Ever since they became lovers in Nigeria she has become besotted with him and, when with him, is his complete, and willing, sex-slave.
Four or five times a year Frank comes to London on business and to look after his investment properties. He leaves his wife at home.
On each visit he stays with us in our home and for the duration of his stay my wife plays the role of his wife. A role she eagerly looks forward to and fantasises about when he is back in Lagos.
During his visits her personality seems to change. She becomes completely wanton. Even though he sometimes treats her as a worthless slut - she loves it and does whatever he demands.
I too get completely involved in a new role as a willing cuckold. I become their houseboy-come-chauffeur. I move into our guest bedroom as he usurps me in the bedroom as he takes over both wife and my bed.
Typical of his visits was his last one:
For days before his arrival Julie was in state of horny anticipation and started to take the initiative in our love making. Telling me that she was already imagining it was Frank, rather than me, who was fucking her.
On the morning his flight was due she dressed carefully to welcome him. She chose to strike a happy balance of being attractively dressed, but with tarty overtones.
She decided to wear a well-cut tan cashmere coat. Underneath a pastel twin-set of sweater and cardigan, and a slim, slightly tight, brown pencil skirt.
What provided the outward tarty elements were first of all her make-up which was rather heavy. In particular her lips were outlined in a darker lipstick which extended beyond her natural lip shape in a rather voluptuous fashion. The infilling was bright and shiny.
She also wore her long false nails - again a bright red.
The other touches were more subtle, though it excited me to know of them. The first was her underwear.
She had on a black and red 1/2cup bra that naturally exposed her prominent nipples. (This of course was not immediately obvious under her demure cashmere twin-set). Otherwise her only other garment was the matching suspender belt which held up her sheer tan stockings.
On her feet she wore a pair of very high-heeled 51/2" black suede stilettos.
As always, she never wore panties!
On the way to Heathrow Airport her anticipation was increasing as she finger-fucked herself in the car. Her legs parted and her long fingers slipping quickly in and out her moist cunt.
As a last touch on arrival, she renewed her heavy lipstick just before getting out of the car.
As the passengers spilled out of the customs channel we saw Frank the handsome black man and she greeted him with a passionate open-mouthed kiss, shoving her tongue deep between his thick negroid lips. As he openly clamped his vast hands on her bottom and pulled her onto the stiff erection his pants did little to conceal!
As soon as we cleared the airport - with both of them sat in the back of my Jaguar - and set out on the M4 motorway for central London, my wife quickly unzipped his flies and darted down to encircle his hard black cock with her bright red lips and sucked him off as we drove into town. Oblivious to the passing traffic!
As we reached the elevated section of the motorway I heard her choke as his massive cock jerked in her mouth and he gushed his cum down her eager throat, in several eager spasms.
We had hardly arrived in the flat, when Frank sat my wife on the dining room table - her skirt already high above her stocking tops - and positioned himself between her widespread legs.
He slid his newly erect prick into her tightly clasping cunt and fucked her with quick, urgent strokes until, with a roar of excitement, he managed to come yet again.
For the six days of his stay it was exquisite, erotic torture for me. The agreement was that I would say nothing unless spoken to. And would have to take all my instructions from either of them.
Typically during the day around the flat, my wife would wear a simple white housecoat over a red peep-hole bra, that exposed her nipples, a matching red suspender belt, seamed, sheer black stockings and very high-heeled red patent mules. Frank had brought her a present of an expensive thick gold ankle bracelet which she wore for the rest of his stay.
They would kiss deeply and fondle each other all the time in front of me. At his slightest whim she would lift her skirt and straddle him.
At night I would listen to the pair of them fucking in our bedroom next door to mine. (I had been moved to the adjacent guest bedroom) I would have to take them tea in the morning and see them fucking as I entered the room.
On the second day Frank invited a young Nigerian friend of his around to discuss business. Julie wanted to dress, but Frank ordered her to stay in her sexy and revealing outfit.
After Kola, the 25 year old black boy, arrived Frank started speaking in their Yoruba language and they both laughed at my wife. Frank then made her display herself to his friend and told her she should let Kola fuck her. Julie refused, but after some persuasion , she agreed reluctantly to fellate him - provided he wore a condom.
Kola then got out his long thin ebony cock and gingerly she rolled the cream rubber condom down its length, grasped the base of his prick with her hand and as her long red nails dug into it's length, dipped her head down and sucked Kola's straining cock into her mouth.
Both Frank and I looked on fascinated by my wife's behaviour as, dressed only in her underwear and high heeled mules, she knelt in between Kola's legs and slowly slurped on his black dick.
Frank then dropped his track suit bottom revealing a rigid hard-on and pausing briefly only to cover the end of his knob with spittle, he parted Julie's legs from behind and entered her cunt with a couple of quick shoves and proceeded to fuck her relentlessly. All I was allowed to do was watch in excited inaction and masturbate at the arousing sight of two black cocks thrusting into my wife's mouth and cunt.
Kola came first - his excitement causing me to come almost simultaneously - as Frank rolled Julie onto her back and quickly brought both of them to a dramatic noisy mutual climax.
Later, in the afternoon, I had to drive them into the Soho district to an Anne Summers sex Shop. I waited for them outside in the car. 40 minutes later they came out loaded down with carrier bags full of garments and toys.
Gleefully she told me that Frank had bought outfit after outfit for her - plus an array of dildols and various sex-toys.
When we arrived back in the flat Julie stripped off and started to try on several of the outfits. Most seemed to be catsuits or lingerie made from diamond mesh and shiny patent leather combinations, with a couple of rubber items like a sleek red skirt and an open-cup bra.
I had to watch in silence as Frank got more and more aroused and took my wife off to the bedroom to give her a good fucking while wearing her new playthings.
He certainly had the effect of changing my wife's nature and appearance from her usual elegant self to wearing what he likes - overtly very tarty, slutty clothes.
Saturday, the next night, was a good example of this. As Frank was going to take her to a party given by some of his Nigerian friends.
Julie dressed in a suitably tarty and provocative fashion. She was in our bedroom as she talked to me about her horny feelings for that night.
All she was wearing was a black open-cup bra she planned to wear to the party and a matching suspender belt holding up her sheer, black seamed stockings.
I got her to slip into a pair of very high heeled backless black suede shoes and started to fondle her magnificent, huge, protruding breasts.
As her nipples were exposed to my touch they rose to hard little erections. "Certainly it shows off my nipples" she said "but you can't play with them now...Frank hasn't given you permission!"
She then slipped on a cheap white see-through nylon blouse and a black PVC mini-skirt. She really looked like a "working girl" off to her beat, as I opened the car doors for them and took them to the party at a house in the St. John's Wood district. I was left outside in the car.
Later she told me there were only two white women amongst the thirty or so guests, with a few African women and black Nigerian men in the majority.
I had to wait for them outside in the car until gone 3am. When my wife and Frank - her temporary "husband" - came out of the party. She had a silly well-satisfied grin on her face. Her clothes were dishevelled, her blouse open showing her bra, with cum dripping down her face and splattered over her blouse.
As they slumped into the back seat of car, she said she had been groped by many of the Nigerian men at the party as she danced with them. Her nipples were aching from the tweaking. And she had sucked off one of the men in the kitchen as Frank fucked her from behind, in front of a somewhat drunken but appreciative audience. She had wanked another man until he came - spurting copious dollops of spunk all over her face.
When we arrived back by the side of our apartment block, she demanded, in her drunken state, that she was fucked again by Frank on the bonnet of the car, while I kept a look-out down the street.
They insisted I join them in bed that night. My wife looked an absolute slut: Smeared lipstick, cum-stained blouse, laddered stockings, bruised nipples, puffy cunt-lips and her neck disfigured by blotchy love-bites.
They lay on our bed. I positioned myself behind her and slid easily into her well-used cunt as her head lolled about and she slowly sucked Frank's perennially hard prick. She reeked of cum and stale tobacco smoke.
After I juddered my climax into her sperm filled vagina, I got up and took some Polaroids and more video of the debauched scene.
The next morning Frank showed me some of the Polaroids taken at the party. In the first one I didn't realise until later that the shot of my wife, as she sat on Frank's lap (while he sat on a dining-room chair) was not as innocent as it appeared.
As my Julie told me later, at the time of the shot she had Frank's erect prick buried in her moist cunt!
There were other shots - quite outrageous ones - that showed her in the kitchen surrounded by a bunch of Nigerians who were laughing and drinking as she sucked off the stranger, with Frank fucking her from behind. And another with cum dribbling down her face onto her exposed breasts.
Each day, for the rest of Frank's visit, I would drive them to whatever restaurant Frank was taking her, and at night to a number of night clubs or casinos.
One day I took them to a restaurant in Mayfair and, as usual, had to wait outside with the car while he dined with my wife. After the meal, they sat in the back of the car as I drove them slowly through Hyde Park.
As I drove, I could see in my rear-view mirror as my wife took out Frank's prick. She squeezed and wanked it for him and could only just get the head of the massive cock in her mouth. As he climaxed she said he came like a fire hose, gushing forth a mass of cum. It always exited me to see her sucking and being fucked by such a huge tool. He continued to fuck her for the rest of his stay. And even on his departure on the way back to the airport, they continued in the car on the back seat. My wife sat on his lap with his flies unzipped and his prick inside her as we drove along. Thrusting into her with each bump in the road.
Although Julie climaxed twice during the drive, Frank was still stiff and hadn't come, so we had to turn into the short-term car park while he turned her onto her back and fucked her to a juddering climax.
It was more than the height of her stilettos that caused Julie to wobble as we walked into the airline check-in!
When Frank's flight was called, I looked on as he and my wife clinched in deep, open mouth kissing in the departure lounge. He caressed her breasts openly, leaving her panting and dishevelled.
Though she was upset by Frank's departure. I was eager to get back to the car park and, up against the side of the car, was finally able to slip my own raging hard-on into her swimming, cum-soaked pussy.
I was so excited to have my wife returned in such a slutty state, I started to ejaculate after about the fifth stroke with a magnificent climax, my cum mingling with her black lover's spew.