Miami, Dade County. Nearing Midnight.
"More champagne, Renaldo."
A seedy gentleman in a tan leisure suit and white button down shirt smiled at the lovely women comforting his beckon call. His entourage of four men all admiring the beauty of a pair of sultry young women in their mid to late 20's. Entourage meaning gun totting hired thugs. Renaldo Cartucci was not a very nice man. He dabbled in everything from drugs to prostitution. Word on the street he had expanded into Human Trafficking. This former Attorney moved away from the law after defending the criminal element he admired. He preferred the more luxurious things in life. Namely these stunning Escorts wearing very short dresses with massive cleavage barely concealed. Two very tipsy goddesses. One was African American the other of Puerto Rican descent. He wasn't picky as long as they were built and liked money. He especially found the Puerto Rican airhead in an extremely short and second skin tight red dress intoxicating. She was the life of the party.
"Here you go Babee." He leans across the Puerto Rican stunner opting to plant a kiss on her left tit as he procured the champagne bottle. She giggled and wagged a finger at him playfully, eyes sparkling with mischief. He smirks gazing into her big brown eyes, "No scolding the guy with the cash Babee. For what I'm paying you Ladies it's anything goes."
"You're so bad Mister Cartucci. Lucky for you I like anything that goes." Babee shakes her tits. In doing so his tipped bottle misses the glass pour and splashes all over her lap. Her expression of awe led to her mouth contorting as if sucking a dick. This prompted him to remove his arm from around the other girl and ease away from her. From there he lay over the escort known as Babee lapping his tongue on her upper thigh along the hem of her skirt. Babee Ramirez fans herself mischievously watching his tongue tempt her lightly golden flesh. As he dabbled at droplets upon her, Babee looks up at her friend, "I think Mister Cartucci did that on purpose." Her honeysuckle tone erotic as any young girl. Almost pouty and excited at the same time. Renaldo loved her for her kiddie like voice. So very sexy.
The other young woman nods in agreement her hand slithering across Cartucci's back rubbing it sensually. Her eyes however relocated about the room at his guards. Eyes glistening at each of them with allure. She knew how to distract attention without so much as a peek behind her clothing. Even the most dedicated of thugs loved pussy. Burgundy Jones had her act down to a science. Babee and Burgundy knew their jobs well. Even if it meant going above and beyond. Babee the wild one by far.
As Cartucci continued up Babee's inner thigh she squealed and shivered at the same time. His tongue was all too close to her very skimpy white lace thong, Her skirt barely hiding it as it were. Babee had very tight muscular legs. Unknown to Cartucci she favored a hefty amount of Tae kickboxing in her spare time. Something the Attorney never would have guessed hearing her airheaded attitude. All an act. One that the Puerto Rican Goddess had long perfected. You see, both women were Undercover Cops. Poor Renaldo Cartucci didn't have a clue. Even with Bad Cop's on his payroll he had zero knowledge. Wrong Precinct's right time.
As his nose nuzzles over Babee's thong he captures her scent and it drives him wild. The woman's perfume stormed his senses as she topples backwards in her seat giggling, trying to hold her champagne glass. He was going for the gold and even though Babee hated this part, there were times that she had to let things ride as far as they could go without getting too physical. The job was demanding. Burgundy at least had sense enough to feign jealousy and attempted to woo Cartucci her direction. He wasn't being persuaded easily. His hard on was on a warpath for Latina. Fingers curling under her thong she feels his breath on her clit. Her labia flicked through the thin material as she teased shyness. It felt entirely too good and Babee hated herself for her behavior. As Burgundy did her best to tug at Cartucci he lifts up and snaps, "GET THIS BITCH OFF MY BACK."
Eyes abruptly swell wide as a henchman lunges in to grab Burgundy by the arm dragging her away from his Boss. Resorting to being manhandled she had little choice but to abandon Babee. Not her true name mind you but her Undercover name. Regardless it was too soon for the Cops to spring in to their rescue. The Vice Squad had made it's way inside Cartucci's up and coming business dealings. Not just the girls this night. Burgundy's keeper Luis held her at bay while his partners watched. Luis was also Undercover. Having spent three months earning Cartucci's trust. Doing things he himself didn't want to just to maintain his guise.
Tonight was going to be the night they closed this case and locked the Bastard Attorney away. In his possession were numerous teenage girls abducted off the streets to sell into white slavery. Off to South America they would go if not rescued on time. This might include Burgundy and Babee if they didn't cooperate. Babee knew this going in. She was prepared to push her limits if it meant saving these unfortunate girls.
"Take that damned slingshot off." Cartucci barked at Babee as he reared back with a shark like grin.
"Anything for you Mister C." She sets her champagne glass on a table and lifts her hips. Fingers embracing her thongs thin bands she peels them down her thighs to her knees. From there it became a battle of wits, "Help me I'm all tangly inside." Her giggles making him crazy.
"I can fix that." He chuckles, "Bruno hand me your hunting knife." A thug offers up his six inch MK3 blade and Cartucci easily severs her thong. Once the burden came apart she fanned her legs wide.
"YAY! Free at last."
"Damn straight. Let's do some more damage while I'm here." He grips her skirt and slits it with the razor sharp edge before tearing it up to her belly button. Babee falls back and watches his tender torment with the blade. He found himself mesmerized by the easy slicing of material. Her pussy now in full view in all of it's clean shaven glory. Extremely tight pussy at that. He teases her with the flat of the blade trying to scare her. Babee merely bit her lower lip and flared her eyes at him, "Cool on the flesh isn't it Babee?"
"You're giving me gooseybumps Mister C."
"I think that dress has to go." His precision slices it higher up through her cleavage until the entire red dress parts ways. She knew help would come eventually. It was just a matter of patience and dramatic procrastination. Give him what fed his ego as long as her life was in no real danger. This was why Babee earned the big bucks. Still, she hated the act. Too far and there would be no turning back.
"I didn't like that dress noways." She pouts as his blade creases her cleavage ever so lightly, using the precision steel to sever her lacy see through bra. The tip guides the material aside to reveal her massive breasts. Definitely fake but perfect 40G's. Nipples constantly erect. She chose to amplify her success rate a few years back going from a pesky 36C to a busty 40. Tight, perky and shiny. Babee knew what men liked. Babee knew what she liked.
"Come out, come out wherever you are." He chuckles as the blade delicately eases her bra away from her monsters in their entirety, gracefully moving it and her dangling dress to her sides. Her arms escaped the garments easily. Babee was totally naked outside of her stiletto heels.
"Babee like to play hide and go looksee." She shakes her boobs while the blade lifted away from them for dramatic pause. Once their dancing calmed down he teases her areolas with the tip of the blade. Eyes brilliant and bold she bubbles forth the words, "I'm afraid to be ticklish."
"You are something. I might just make you my girl."
"I'm already a girl silly. Yours for the night"
"Play with that sweet pussy Babee." He eyes her tight little labia.
"I thought you'd never ask." She lowers her fingers down amid her moistness and rubs vigorously, "You make me soooo wet Mister C." Her eyes bubbly with his gaze upon her.
Tossing the blade to the floor at losing interest in it Bruno retrieves his weapon. All while Cartucci removed his tan jacket for more freedom. As he unbuttoned his shirt revealing a very hairy chest a cellphone rang. To his left a third bodyguard answered it. Cartucci hesitated to eye the conversation. In doing so Babee lifts her left stiletto heel up to tantalize him amid his forested chest. The pointed heel carefully circling his own pectoral as he did her areola with the knife, giving him pause to close his eyes. Her toes then moving up along his throat toward his chin. He ignored her as best as he could. Nearly impossible but managed, Her sensuous taunting distracting his thoughts.
"Cargo's ready to roll. Money's been moved." Spoke Petra, a thin middle eastern man with dedication in his eyes. In response Cartucci waves the fourth guard holding a laptop over to view the screen. Noting the transfer of funds as 3 million relocated to a secret account in the Cayman Banks he smiles.
"Time to celebrate Babee." He stands tall and unzips his pants. Kicking off his alligator shoes He lowered them revealing a stubby six inch pecker fully erect, "Caviar before the main course." Dropping to his knees he grips Babee by the ankles forcibly redirecting her stiletto heels then laying her flat on her back for a better angle. His face buries into her pussy and she yelps, arching her spine at his hunger. Her eyes now lost in the fear of this going too far yet maintaining her act. The disgusting little man talked a good game even with his mouth full. Licking and tugging at her labia. Nibbling her clitoris she jumps a bit wiggling in his possession. She looks toward Burgundy and Luis carefully with a creased brow. The Feds needed to move things along faster or Babee was going to face the unthinkable. Even with fearful eyes Burgundy toyed with Luis to make the other men less suspicious. Kissing on his neck and fondling his crotch. Luis had an expression of "Holy Shit!" on his face. She whispered in his ear her concerns.
"Mind out of the gutter."
"You try getting out of the gutter with your hot ass hand on my dick...and Cruz-I mean Babee moaning over there. Christ look at her tits."
"Knock it off. Damn Luis...you packing a sawed off?"
"If the Feds don't bust in here soon you might just find out."
"They can bust in. You're not busting out."
"Naaa! I'll just bust."
"Too far Babee. Too far." She hisses and sucks on Luis' earlobe.
"She should be a pornstar." He sighs hiding his antagonized facial expression.
Cartucci rears back with a wet face, "Damn that pussy tastes sweet as honey."
"Silly Pooh Bear." She shivers with an expression of delight. It was far from delightful it but he need not know her disgust.
"Now let's get this party started." He crawls up over her and primes his cock directly up to her pussy. Ego made him slap his tip on her clit three times. Each time she giggles with exhilaration, "Count of three...1.."
"Onesy."
"2..."
"Dosey."
"3..."
Just as his crown barely pierces her labia she rears her right hand up and slugs him right in the nose. The sudden move made him fall back bleeding and holding his face with a cry of agony.
"Started my period Asswipe."
Responsively, the second Bruno drew his gun Luis dove into a wrestling match. The brawl led to the two rolling around on the floor trying to disarm the bodyguard. Burgundy charged at Petra who slammed the laptop in Tito's hands shut to procure his revolver. A swift kick to his temple sent him to the floor. Burgundy Jones knew her own moves well. She too practiced Tae Kwon Do. Sparring partners with Babee in the gym. Besties for sure.
The fourth guard Tito Alvirez started to fire when the door busted open and the room was filled with that fateful word, "FREEZE." Only one shot was fired accidently by Tito dropping his weapon trying to lower it rather than dying over Cartucci. He didn't pay that well. Down on the floor Tito went. Petra forced to kneel beside him. Luis escorting Bruno into the mix. Hands behind their heads. Cuffed and read their rights by the Feds.
Babee leaps to her feet and nudges Cartucci as he lands on his back. His erection wagging under her aggressive shove. She eyes it as she stands there fully nude. Pouting she bends over to pick up her severed thong and used it to wipe his bloody nose. As bad as this man was she felt obligated to ease his pain.
"You're under arrest Mister C." She dabbed as he tried to push her hand aside, "I tried. My name's not Miranda but I'll read you your rights." She proceeds as he snarls and curses her out. In doing so she scowls and shoves her thong in his mouth, "No way to talk to a Lady Cartucci. Keep the thong. Maybe you can trade it for cigarettes in the Big House."
Departure came quickly for all four men as Luis mans up and offers Babee his suit coat. She eyes it, "You really think that jacket will cover my ladies?" She scoffs at his offer and remains free. He shrugged at her and stared at her breasts. She ignored him.
Burgundy folds her arms across her chest, "Girl you are gonna get us all killed one of these days."
"Not today."
"Still, why do you let things go so far?"
"It's called Undercover work. I let him go under my covers. You know as well as I things happen that go beyond our control. The Squad wasn't ready so I bought them some time."
"Princess that man just raped you."
"Ehhh! More like cut to the chase."
"He ate you out." Luis whined nasally.
"Quit fantasizing Santos. Never gonna happen."
"I don't mind just watching." Drool was forming.
"Through a black eye you keep looking me over."
"I can't help it."
She pats his cheek avoiding Bruno as a Fed claimed him, "I know. Neither could they."
"One of these days you're not going to be so lucky." Burgundy forces the coat at her, "Put this on before the Captain shows up."
"Fine. But, I'll look like Tom Cruise in Risky Business. My name might be..."
"CRUZ! What the fuck were you thinking?"
Burgundy shies away, "OOOOOOO! Speak of the Devil, Captain's gonna rip you a new one."
"He wishes." Babee winks then turns to face her Commanding Officer followed by ATF and FBI Agents. It was then the coat was pulled tighter. Hardly tight enough to hide her massive cleavage. A single hand covering her hoohah. Every Agent there had their eyes on her. In his stride Donald Bettinger took off his trench coat and swiftly guided it over her shoulders cloaking her. She holds a finger up before he does and removes Santos coat tossing it at him. Luis held it to his nose as Burgundy swats his bicep to behave himself.
"What the hell Calliope?" Captain Bettinger growls as she rolls her eyes slithering her arms into his trench coat and pulling it together yet leaving it untied.
"You only use my real name when you're pissed. What was I supposed to do? You bozos took forever."
"We had to secure the girls from the right cargo container. Sixteen accounted for. All safe and in the care of EMT's. You did good Princess." He turns to the other Agents, "This is my best Undercover Agent Calliope Cruz but everyone calls her Princess."
"Princess Cruz? Seriously?" Shakes the head of the FBI unit, "Looks to me like you nearly got crowned."
"Ha! Good one. He was this close." She uses her fingers to offer the width of an inch, "Oh wait that was the size of his wiener. What took you guys so long? Standing outside watching me? You really think I wanted that slobbering Asshole scratching at my itch?"
"Looked convincing to me." Burgundy huffs from a distance, "Best Undercover Agent? Am I chopped liver?"
"Sorry Jones. You're both top notch." Bettinger held a calming set of palms toward her.
Luis scratches his head, "I just spent three months working Undercover for that weasel. I better get a pat on the back."
"I want a pat on my..." Princess feigns a blush as she goes into her Babee voice.
"Sexual harassment Cruz. Bite your tongue." Bettinger points with a scowl. Even he wanted to laugh but kept his emotions concealed.
ATF Agent Ben Doyle smirks, "I bet she's a hand full."
"DON'T!" Bettinger snaps knowing she would discuss her tits.
"Wait a minute. I know you." FBI Agent Stan Carpenter poses a finger, "Miss Puerto Rico? Like 2008? 2007?"
"My biggest fan. Of course I didn't have these handfuls back then. Against the rules to enhance yourself. I'm glad I didn't get the crown. Either of them. Almost though." She lifts her breasts awkwardly due to the trench coat. The Agents all laughed.
"We can wrap this up here." The Captain ascertains.
"Like I just wrapped myself up all Christmasy?" She banters as Babee.
"You and Jones head back to the Precinct and fill out your reports then go get some shut eye. I'll need you both at Duty Roster bright and early. Congratulations are in order. Good work people."
"No day off with pay?" Burgundy shakes her head as she claims Princess by her arm, "I say we call in sick."
"Now you know why I'm his best Undercover Op. I never miss work."
"Whatever. Girl let's go shower off the stank of Cartucci."
"A bubble bath sounds so much better. Wine. Candles. Babee oil." She flutters her fingers at the Agents. Strangely they fluttered their fingers back at her. All of them. Turning her back to them she giggles at how easily men fell for her act.
Dragging her away Burgundy grins and shakes her head, "You just can't resist yourself can you? Those guys will be sending you Miami Heat invites just to get inside your trench coat."
"They can wear it if they want. Maybe they'll fantasize about Bettinger. It's his coat. Me? I prefer something cooler." The coat falls open. The rest of her walk to the car her titties bounced for all to notice. Burgundy blushed for her friend. Indecent exposure was ignored. So much for law enforcement.
"I swear I'm holding you under a cold shower."
"Only makes my nippys harder. You are warned." They loved each other.
Captain Bettinger confers with the Agents concerning the case. Of course their interest remained on a certain tightly curled raven haired beauty. All asked about Princess. He shot them down fast. Once the group went their own way Donald Bettinger repositioned his junk out of the field of vision of any onlookers.
"I hope Allison is still awake. If not she will be."
His wife would thank Princess if she knew.
3 A.M.
The jingle of keys unlocking her front door Princess Cruz stepped into a subtle nightlight. Entering she hears her roommate ask her where she's been. Quite loudly.
"Sorry I'm so late Swayze. You must be starving. Poor Puss Puss."
Kneeling she picks up her large brindle cat and cradles him in her arms. Standing up she kicks off her four inch heels and dances about her Apartment's entry way. Tossing her keys in a bowl and resting her purse containing her gun on the table beside it she shuffles into her open Kitchen.
"Sweet talker. Purring in my ear gives me the shivers. I can be just as happy to see you."
She roughs him up and hugs him tightly before settling him back on the floor. A swift trip to the pantry she pops open a can of Tuna cat food and sits it on the floor, "Frisky's for my frisky guy. Mommy needs to wash up. You fill your belly while Mommy runs a nice hot bubble bath."
Leaving the greedy cat to devour his dinner she brushes leftover hair from her tight white shirt before tugging it up over her head. Tossing it at a hamper in her hallway she struts toward her bathroom wearing only her black leggings and bra. Her shape well defined behind the snakeskin fit. Lights on in the bathroom she notes how stuffy it was in her Apartment. Being on the top floor of her expensive Condo she had more freedom than the other tenants. Once her bathwater was started and bubbles poured she lets her tub fill. Heading to her living room she opens up the French doors of her balcony to let in the night breeze. Stepping outside she leans on the glass railing to peer out at the Miami nightlife. So peaceful. She could see the ocean in the distance. Hear it at least. Only the ships and their bullhorns allowed her to know the whereabouts of the water itself. Sighing she wiggles out of her leggings and stands there in bra and panties. The crisp air felt delightful. After a few more moments of thought she heads back inside to stop her bathwater. Lighting four candles she decides on one last trip to the Kitchen. Opening a bottle of red wine she pours a glass then returns to her tub. Removing her underwear she steps into the water, settling back to relax. Sipping her wine and trying not to fall asleep was awkward, the evening stress wore her out. Yet her awareness was active thinking of the good she did today. Young girls were no longer abused and returned to their families safely. A well fed Swayze kept her eyes from closing as he hops up to walk along the tubs ledge.
"Don't you knock over my candles." She smiles. He moves behind her nudging her hair with his head. Using a sponge she ignores him and bathes herself. After feeling cleansed of Cartucci she recalls just how close he was to actually penetrating her. It had been a long time since she had been with a man. Shocking to most people who presumed that a Goddess such as Princess should have a man in her life or at the very least men, she did not. Devoted to advancing her career she chose her playmates with discretion. She didn't need any man to hold her back. Her fingers and toys were enough until she achieved her goals. Her personas created to perform her duties effectively, she acted out the needed sexual aggressions toward them. Did she go too far tonight? Duty said no. Her inner Angels said yes. She might need to go to Church and repent. Even that had been awhile.
Wine polished off she sits the glass on the floor beside her tub and notices Swayze looking out toward the darkness of the outer rooms. Acting unusual to say the least. Shrugging it off she crawls to her feet and reaches for a towel to dry off. As she finishes up she wraps her body and takes her glass to the kitchen rinsing it. Turning she notices Swayze sitting in the opened doorway to the balcony looking at the sky.
"Beautiful out isn't it?"
She steps back outside for a second breath of fresh air on her body. The towel released to feel the full effect on her freshly cleansed body. The air stimulating all the right places she flares her eyes. Convinced she needed a moment to herself she stretches out on a lounge chase and begins to touch divinity. Her fingers felt incredible. Her clit overly sensitive as goosebumps rushed over her body. Intimate moments later Princess Cruz was moaning loudly. Uncaring of neighbors hearing. This was her time. In and out her fingers probed while another set vigorously rubbed her clit. Warm wet and delicious she arches her back. She wished that she had brought out her vibrator but as tired as she was this exertion was just enough. Squirting around her inserted knuckles she falls back to absorb the effects of her release. It was then she located Swayze up on the balcony ledge pawing at the air. Coming to her senses she sits up and stares out at the night.
"What the hell?"
Zipping closer she spots a low level drone hovering twenty feet out watching her. Grabbing her towel she covers up and flips the drone off. She knew very well it had a camera recording her. Eyes squinting she realizes it had something dangling from the base. Observing it as closely as possible she hears her cell ringing. Torn between going to get her phone in her purse by the front door or maintaining her gaze on the drone she weighs in on reason. Watching the drone fly away would be pointless. It would vanish and she would never know where it went. Choosing to sprint to her cell she answers it without noticing Unknown Caller.
"Hello?"
"Hello Princess."
"Who am I speaking with?"
"The owner of the drone watching you."
Her eyes brighten up then narrow just as fast before looking back at her balcony, "Who is this? You do know I'm a cop right?"
"Of course I know. So arrest me."
"Peeping Tom becomes a stalker? Who is this?"
"You may call me Gabriel."
"Well Gabriel I hope you got off watching me out there. Pray I don't meet you. I might shove that drone up your ass."
"Talk to me in your Babee voice."
"What? How...?" Did he know her persona, "Okay, you have my curiosity up. What do you want Gabriel?"
"I want nothing more than to see that you get what you deserve."
"What I deserve?" A sensation of dread engulfs her.
"Yes. You deserve to be made a Detective. Twenty one separate convictions under your belt. It's long overdue."
"I won't disagree with that. So, Gabriel are you friend or foe? Your concern is touching but Your approach is disturbing."
"Can I choose both? I mean you no harm. I actually admire you."
"Admire me or my assets?"
"Both. I cannot deny touching myself when I view you. However, I want to help you. Even if my future methods might appear...otherwise."
"Sounds ominous. How exactly do you know me? One of my evildoers hire you to torture me?"
"Oh no. Not at all. I make it my job to know people. Good and bad. When I discovered you Princess I found my pot of gold at rainbows end."
"Lucky me."
"A charm indeed. Shall we get down to business?"
"Sure thing Lucky. What do you want from me?"
"Everything. Just as you shall have it all with my help. I will have all of you with your help."
"All of me?"
"Oh yes. Topic for another day. Allow me to offer you a gift?"
"Leave the flowers at the office."
"No flowers. Yet! Your orchids will arrive when the time is right. Your favorite no?"
"Maybe."
As she hears a sigh a buzzing draws her attention to the balcony. The drone was now hovering inside the ledge. Swayze was trying to leap up at it. Seeing this Princess walks out to the balcony and picks up her cat. Tossing him inside she closes the door. The drone now hovered before her face to face.
"You look taller than I remembered." She huffs trying to be cute.
"Tall, short, fat, thin. I could be any of those. It would not matter. Do you see the package dangling from the drone?"
"Yep."
"Hold out your hands please." She obeys and waits as the drone detaches its grip on the small package. It drops into her hands then backs away out over the ledge to view her.
"Chocolates?"
"Another time. Open your gift."
She puffs her cheeks hesitantly. It could go bad. Finally she just rips it open. Looking within she spots a DVD and a silk choker with a cameo pendant on it.
"Jewelry and a movie?"
"A true introduction to myself. I want you to understand me and what I will expect of you in the future."
"Future? We haven't even had a first date yet."
"Take the DVD inside and watch it."
"And, the choker?"
"We will discuss that shortly."
Grimacing she opens the sliding door and takes Swayze to her bathroom closing him inside after blowing out the candles. He was safer there. Returning to her living room she snatches up her remote and turns a wall mounted 55 inch television on. DVD inserted into the player she stands back with arms folded. She had turned her cells speaker on.
"Is this a classic Jimmy Stewart movie? That one about Rosebud?"
"Not quite. Give it a moment."
The movie begins with Miss America 2007 and Princess Cruz walking about a stage along with the other participants. That led to select cuts of her answering questions as asked by the Host. Her Babee like voice evident even then.
"You were stunning even before the breast enhancements."
"Yea I was wasn't I? So why are we going down memory lane?"
"Keep watching."
The scenes cut from there to her home life in Puerto Rico. Her ancestral home that is. Her Mother's house. Her Mother shown sitting at her breakfast table reading a book. Very disturbing scenes indeed. Sitting alone with a tiny red dot glowing on her forehead. Eyes squinting Calliope Cruz lost it.
"You invaded my Mommies house? Are you a Sniper?"
"I am many things. My resume is very...well...secretive. I go where I please. Do as I choose. I merely expect you to understand that I can go anywhere. See anything. Hear everything. She was quite unaware."
"Yea serious stalker there Gabriel."
"I suppose that's true."
A compilation of moments leading to her joining the Police Academy. Breast enhancements healed and perfect. Scenes during obstacle courses. Hearing and seeing the reactions to her by fellow Cadets and Officer's. Very audible perversions about her body and what they wanted to do to it.
"Wow! Sarge wanted to titty fuck me huh?"
"Every man there did."
"They still do. It's a curse."
Moving from her graduation from the Academy to her assignment in Dade County she followed her own exploits from first meeting Burgundy Jones and Luis Santos. Earlier partners that had come and gone. Life on patrol at first as a beat cop, evolving into Undercover exploits.
"You have camera feeds everywhere?"
"I see all."
"Well aren't you all Illuminaughty."
"I like that. Works for me." Gabriel chuckles.
"Not for me. It's illegal to bug and spy on the Law."
"Come now Princess, We both know the Law watches the Law. Worker ants you are. Yes your home is bugged. Hidden cameras in every room. I love watching your every move."
"Somehow I don't think my day to day is very exciting. Why focus on me?"
"Because you are the finest Cop I've ever seen. Not only in beauty but conduct. You do what needs to be done. Regardless what others think of you. Just like tonight."
"Tonight?" Her eyes grow leery.
"You already know I witnessed your arrest of Renaldo Cartucci. I can tap into cameras anywhere I select. That knife show was hot as hell. He almost had you Babee. One healthy thrust and you would have been fucked."
"You sound as if you wanted to see that happen."
"I would not have turned the camera off." He sighs, "Your friend Luis said it best...She could be a pornstar. That...got me thinking."
"Oh boy." She frowns. His bugs must be high tech to pick up on whispers.
"You certainly have all the attributes. Poise, natural beauty, unnatural breasts. Perfect heart shaped ass with just enough substance to twerk. Your complexion is untainted. No tan lines. No ugly moles or blemishes. Perfection Babee, perfection."
"Awww! Thanks Pervert." She resorts to her bubbly Babee Ramirez persona.
"There's that sexy voice. In the future you will never break character."
"Excuse me?"
"I suppose now that you are fully aware that I can observe you at any time we can get down to business."
"Blackmail now?"
"Cue insidious laughter." He cackles playfully. She peaked an eyebrow and tried not to grin. It was difficult to avoid, "Understand this, I will benefit you at every turn as long as you follow my lead. I can be quite influential if obeyed."
"And if disobeyed?"
"Quite deadly."
A shiver strikes her. She knew it was coming, "Terrorist, Gabriel? You did red eye my Mommy."
"Unfortunately that term will linger over my head. If it becomes necessary to prove my point then Yes, a terrorist. Murderer? As directed, as earned. Amuse me and it will not come to that. Deny me and as Babee would say...Ouchie."
"And, here I started to like you Gabriel."
"Let's see just how good of a Detective you can be."
"I haven't made Detective yet."
"Come tomorrow. I know because I have seen the papers signed issuing your promotion. I know all. Your Captain did order you to be on time for Roll Call. He knew this well before your infiltration of Cartucci. Quite impressive how you managed to persuade the Escort Service he frequented in sending you and your partner."
She expresses a breath of awe, "Seriously?"
"Before the day is over you will be rewarded. Between now and then I will make your life...interesting. Hell at times but in the end your future will be bright. The game begins Calliope Princess Cruz. Or should I say Babee Ramirez? I prefer Babee. That voice...so very stimulating."
"Glad I can get you off Psycho."
"Constantly. I'm jerking off just looking at you from an angle. Please drop the towel."
She rolls her eyes removing the towel to face the balcony. In doing so she discovers the drone slowly entering her opened French door as guided with precision. This guy had focus for certain.
"Lay down on your carpet and masturbate for me. Let me hear you moan my name."
"What's in it for me?"
"I promise not to kill anyone in the next thirty minutes because you denied me."
"You would kill someone if I told you no?"
"Care to find out?"
She goes pale thinking about the possibility. This guy was already extreme. Her gut said he was serious.
"Let me grab my toy Gabey." Babee offers her childlike voice. Shuffling away to her bedroom she obtains a large vibrating dildo and returns to the living room. Wagging it in front of the drone's camera she smiles, "Here I go. You just hover there and try not to destroy my apartment when you lose control trying to stroke it. Hope you're dexterous."
"Cute."
"I sooo am." She lays down on the floor and lets him watch as she sucks on the rubber beast with a succulent playful gaze. Popping the crown from her pouty lips she pauses, "Is Gabey as big as Dong Daddy?"
"Ohhh yes."
"YAY! In you go Gabey." She relocates the dildo inside her labia and plunges within. Her moans of delight echo in Babee's voice. So youthful yet erotic as hell. In and out she strikes her G-spot before turning on the vibration mode. Her mind reeled quickly and she palms her breast while guiding the wobbling dong within.
"Fuck that's hot." Gabriel calls out over the cell speaker beside her.
"You really wanna fuck Babee don't you Mister G?" She begs with straining expression over her face.
"GOD YES. FUCK YES."
"Babee's legs are shaking. Dong Daddy is terrorizing my Gabriel spot."
"That's right. I OWN THAT SPOT."
"Only if you aren't a big meanie." She pouts.
"Nice try Babee. I'll do what I have to. SO WILL YOU."
"Don't ruin the mood Mister G. My puss puss feels really good. Fuck me Gabey. Harder. Make Babee cum all over your joystick."
She hears him snarl as he cums over the cell. In the time it took for him to jettison she made her move. Snatching up her discarded towel she leaps up dropping her toy and tossing the towel over the blades of the drone. Clogging its movement she swings it into a wall and destroys it.
"You shouldn't have done that Princess."
"Make up your mind. Am I Princess or Babee, Bitch?"
"Stupid is a better name."
"Ohh? I wonder? Does this drone and DVD have your fingerprints on it? Will I be able to track you through its frequency? Will you calling my cell leave a tracking number to follow? Play your hand Gabriel. My hand is tired. NEVER GO NEAR MY MOMMIE AGAIN."
Before her eyes the towel catches on fire. Eyes bulging she hears a timer ticking. In a mad dash she risks burning herself and snatches the drone up and races out on to her balcony tossing it over. The drone detonates into a small contained explosion. Only devastating to itself.
"Holy crap." She hisses watching the flames fall to the ground below. Beside her she hears another buzzing sound. A second drone appears in front of her. From the living room she hears her cell respond.
"I can see we need to work on our relationship more. Lucky for you that incendiary device was only meant to destroy evidence. Plenty more eyes where that one came from as you can see."
"Get to the point Gabriel."
"Gabey. Isn't that right Babee?"
"Okee dokee Gabey."
"Much better. Go to the package and remove the choker."
She recovers the small box and pinches the choker dangling it in front of her face. She notices the Cameo better. Black with etchings in it. It looked like...
"A fingerprint? Yours?"
"Your owner Princess. Babee. Mine? Perhaps. Locate me and find out for yourself? Just know this...I'm not that easy to offer up my identity in such a form without safety measures in place. Trust that my fingerprints are not on any database. Therefore if that WERE my true print you could not identify me without comparing it to the real thumb. I'm much smarter than you give me credit."
"So you're dangling the carrot under my nose hoping I'll follow along until I reach the veggie."
"Fasten the choker around your neck Princess. Remove it at your peril. The Cameo tracks your every movement. Listens in on every conversation. Picks up heart rate fluctuations. Among...other things."
"Does it unlock my car?"
"About your car."
"What?"
A resounding explosion makes her jump. It was close by enough for her to know that Gabriel had destroyed it out in the parking lot. Her expression freezes eying the drone outside. Stepping back to her balcony she hears sirens approaching.
"You blew up my Camry?"
"You deserve better than a Camry."
"What do you really want from me Gabriel?"
"Devotion. Spectacle. Steely nerves. BABEE voice 24/7. From now until you capture me you will obey my every command. You can trust that I will not be that easily caught. Put the choker on and leave it on."
She swallows dryly and does as instructed. The silky lace felt nice. The Cameo light weight and no burden at all. She looks up to show the drones camera she was wearing it.
"Good girl Princess."
"It's Babee." She pouts, "Quit calling me Princess." She stomps her foot, "Even though I am a Princess."
Gabriel laughs at her demeanor, "Very good Babee. Go get dressed. Explain nothing to your Captain at this point until after you get promoted. Your car will be linked to Cartucci getting even with you. For now I bid you goodnight. You can hold on to the DVD it has no prints on it. I have plenty of footage to use at another time. I'll be in touch. Within a few hours I'll congratulate you on making Detective. Remember Babee I'll be watching and listening. Babee only."
"Wait! Won't everyboody think I'm crazy if I Babee talk all the time? I gotsa job to do Mister G. Lawyers. Judges. Cases to be made."
"24/7 Babee. Test me if you like and see what happens."
"Meanie!" She puffs her lower lip.
"Invest in some ruby red lip stick. I think you would look sexy as hell."
"Anything for you Mister G."
"God you sound like Harley Quinn. I love it."
"Can I say Fuck you Puddin'?"
"You just did."
"Right! I guess I did." She grins showing her teeth.
"Officer's outside your door. They responded faster than I predicted. Someone obviously cares. Answer it as you are. I think I'll stick around awhile longer."
"Nakie?" She flares her eyes, "Okee dokee."
A rap on the door leads Princess to shut her television off before answering. Unlocking it she leans on the door at a revealing angle to see two uniformed Officers. Both men observe her barely hidden body as she feigns a yawn.
"I just got off...duty." She whimpers, "Tell Donny I'll be in on time."
"You alright Cruz?"
"Dooley, Babee needs sleep."
"Your car just got bombed."
"It did? Oh that old thing? Just tow the remains in. I'll call the Insurance Boys in the morning."
"Precinct received an anonymous tip that your life was in danger. Bettinger wants you under surveillance in case you're targeted further. We're under orders to remain here with you."
"Okee! Wipe your feet then." She releases the door and walks inside. The two Officer's look at each other wild-eyed before entering. Stepping over the threshold they observe her nudity from the back side. Wiggling away seductively she shuts the French door and blows a kiss at the drone. It felt right to play the game. As if she had a choice.
Dooley and Gorman spot her dildo on the floor still moist. Then the barely noticeable charring on the carpet. She turns to them in her full frontal pose and giggles, "Okee you caught me." She struts over and turns around before bending over to obtain her toy. They were forced to rub their chins at the sight of her clam peeking through her muscular bottom. Standing up she wags the toy at them, "Stress relief after taking down Cartucci." She poses an index finger to her right cheek, "Or was it him taking me down? Long night."
"Are you alright Cruz?" Dooley once again appeared concerned.
Going to her phone she notes her call still active. Gabriel was listening in. With a deep breath she faces the cops , "Handy dandy. I'm going to bed now. You two comin'?"
"What?" Gorman dropped his jaw.
"Donny said to watch over me. So watch me." She winks at them with her dildo draped over her left shoulder as she walks away. Releasing her cat from the bathroom she waltzes into her bedroom and crawls into bed. Both Cops swallowed dryly and stood outside her opened door. They were intimidated as hell and turned away from her.
Whispering into her cell after taking it off speaker Princess asks, "Still with me Mister G?"
"I'm here. Glad I stuck around. You're doing great. Turn the light on and masturbate in front of them."
"Aimin' to destroy my career Mister G?'
"Let them brag."
"Okee. Here goes." She sets her cell aside hidden slightly under a pillow, "Guys? Babee scared of the dark. Can you turn my light on?"
Dooley peers around the corner and looks for the light switch. Finding it her room illuminates brightly. She was laying on top of the covers with her dildo inside her. Dooley noticed and bulged his eyes.
"Babee can't sleep. Me scared."
"We're here for you Cruz. Wow! As sexy as you are I feel like I'm violating your privacy."
"Don't leave me. Can you guys lay here with me 'til Babee falls asleep?"
"Christ Cruz do you live in that voice now?"
"You don't like Babee's voice?"
"A little too much." Gorman decided to look for himself, "I mean it's not a little too much...you know what I mean."
"Lay with you?" Dooley begins to sweat.
Abandoning her toy she uses both hands to pat her bed to each side of her.
"Make Babee feel safe."
Gorman shrugs, "She does look spooked."
Nodding like a child admitting guilt Princess returns her hand to her toy and inserts it with a slow rhythm. Both cops took immediate interest. Her left hand teased her breast circling a nipple.
Gorman led the way easing to her left side sitting there with one knee on the mattress. Finally Dooley moved to the foot of her bed and stood there looking at her pussy. Her pink recesses were pulling out with each extraction before another plunging entry.
"Damn Cruz. I've always imagined seeing this but never in a million years..." Dooley winced.
"When I get scared I play with myself. It gets my mind off things."
"You think Cartucci had something to do with your car?" Gorman prompts watching her finger trail then pinch her nipple.
"I have lots of mean ole enemies. It could be anyone. I'm really glad you two big strong Occifers are here to protect me. Just in case."
"Coming on a little thick there Cruz. Occifers?" Dooley smirked.
"Not yet. But, Dong Daddy is pretty thick." She snorts.
"You don't seem so spooked. What's going on Cruz?"
"Nooooooooooo! Babee terrified." She grabs Gorman's leg rubbing it. Instant erection he growled under his breath. Eying Dooley she pats her vacant side of the bed, "Sit with me. Please."
He makes the journey and plops down next to her, "This is wrong Princess."
"I'm just...Babee trying not to cry. I liked my car. I liked my life. I'm good at my job. I'm good at lots of things."
Gorman mutters, "I bet you are."
Dooley frowns at his partner, "Keep it clean Billy."
"Noooo don't keep it clean. I'm a grown woman I can take whatever you have to say. I'm just really confused by everything and I need...to be held."
"Held? I can offer that." Gorman stretches out beside her and draws her under his left arm. She snuggles up to him while her other hand encourages the dildo in and out of her drenched pussy. There was no hiding the fact that even in her act it was turning her on. Gorman rubbing her shoulder and upper arm made her shiver. These guys were so not her type. Yet, she knew that Gabriel might get crazy if she didn't follow through. Who knows what he might do?
"Your hand is so warm. Thank you Billy."
"Anytime Sweetheart. You just relax, we got you."
"It's silly I know playing with myself in front of you boys. I just need the distraction."
"We keep this to ourselves Gorman." Dooley points at him, "Cruz is a good cop. I won't be the one to ruin her."
"Thank you Shawnsy. That means a lot." Babee pouts, "Hug me Shawnsy?"
"Move your arm Gorman." Shawn Dooley leans over hugging her tightly. Her scent making his dick hard as hell. In doing so his body smothered the hidden cellphone.
Eying her bedroom window she realizes that the drone could see through at them. Her thoughts led to resuming her act in case Gabriel was out there. Sure he was, she knew it. Looking up she then realized the drone was looking down through her skylight above her bed. Of course he would be there instead of from the side window. A downward visual was so much more enticing.
"Lay here close with me. Let me finish myself off and fall asleep before you go?"
"We won't move a muscle." Gorman grins.
"I adore you guys." Babee pecks him on the cheek, turning swiftly to offer the same to Dooley. Snuggling under both men in their nearness she crushes her monstrous 40G's together and lifts her knees up for an easier penetration. Gorman dared to palm the underside of her right leg as if helping her. She smiled at him as her breasts bulged high up over her gaze of the room, "Help Babee?" She huffs with pouty lips.
"Help how?" Dooley peaked a brow.
"Babee's hand is tired."
"What? You mean...?" He eyes the dildo as her hand abandons it. Gorman chuckles at his expression.
"Go for it. Enjoy her while it lasts. Once she gets past this fear she will probably bust our balls."
"I like busting balls." She giggles.
"JESUS CHRIST!" Gorman snaps, "Give me that thing." His hand leaves her leg over his arm as his palm grips the dildo. Fingers clenched around its hilt He begins fucking her with it allowing her to think just how stupid she was being. Her career could be ruined by these men. As her hormones intensified with each thrust she huffs shrill moans. Act or not she was feeling good. Too good.
"Fuck Babee's hole. Babee needs it."
Dooley cringed as her fingers slid over his crotch. He panics and grabs her hand, "Whoa! Slow down Cruz. This isn't right. You're smoking hot but dammit...I respect you."
Her hand hesitates at that moment. A tear welled up in her eye at his comment. It meant a lot. She palms his cheek and whispers, "Thank you."
Nodding Dooley reached over her and stopped Gorman's abuse. In doing so his face caressed her left breast. Nipple right beneath his lips. She shivers at his accident. Finally, she palms the back of his neck and leads him to her nipple. Respect or not Shawn Dooley swallowed her nipple, tongue swirling as he sucked on it. His hand releasing Gorman to resume his frolicking he chuckled moving his hand faster. Her juices were trickling all around her toy. Moans escalated. Dooley let his hand roam over her belly. Her abs tight and muscular. She was in great shape everywhere. Fingers led to her clit massaging it.
"Make Babee cum." She whimpers loudly.
Faster and faster Gorman fucked her pussy as Dooley rubbed her clit. His mouth full of nipple he growled a muffled "CHRIST!"
Squealing Princess rolls her eyes back inside her head. She squirts a fountain of scalding cum all across Gorman's knuckles and her bedding. Both men fixated on her body's seismic convulsion they didn't see her raise her hands between them to flip off the drone outside.
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! Babee happy." She quakes with a giddy grin, her hands running through Dooley's hair. To her shock both men withdrew from her and sat up. Without a word they looked at her with needs of their own. In her mind she groaned, "Oh shit!" She knew her actions would have repercussions.
Standing up both men dropped their pants and gun belts. Boxers lowered they start jerking off. Princess knew they couldn't help themselves but she really had no plans for this. She assumed they would just let her go to sleep. Wrong answer.
Turning her gaze to the cell she hears a low voice emit, "Help them."
"I'm so fucking stupid." She recites over and over in her head. The cops were lost in this sexual arena. She was just too erotic not to finish themselves off after her seduction. She had to admit both men were pretty endowed. Wheezing slightly she pats her mattress again and lets them hear, "Over Babee."
They crawl to kneel over her massive chest and jerk like never before. Still turned on she gives in to an assist by cupping her palms over both men's scrotums. Kneading at them with her perfect nails. Squeezing, teasing, tickling. In minutes both men shower her 40G's with lava. Lots of creamy white detonation. Her eyes grew huge at just how much was spread upon her. Droplets kept peppering her tits. It was breathtaking.
"I'll never live this down. Fuck you Gabriel." She cringed in thought.
Coming to their senses Dooley and Gorman regret their decisions. Easing away they get dressed and excuse themselves shyly.
"Thank you for being here for me." Princess whispers.
"We'll be just outside if you...need us." Gorman wanted to stay but didn't.
"Lights off?"
"Leave them on please."
Her door eases half way shut. Alone now she obtains the cell and whispers, "Mister G?"
"That was incredible. You did well. Maybe you really should be a pornstar."
"Right. I'll admit that was fun but I doubt I make Detective now. You know they will brag."
"And, ruin their own careers? Doubtful. Besides I told you I would reward you for every good deed. I am a man of my word. Good or bad. That depends on you."
She crawls from her bed and quietly tip toes to her bedroom window. Opening it she faces the relocated drone just outside hovering. Its camera tilts to examine her milky white chest.
"Oh that is just stunning. I think you wanted me to witness that up close."
"It is pretty amazing. Can I sleep now? Roll call is pretty early and I'm sure the Captain will be fawning all over me about you blowing up my car. Questions out the ass."
"You're breaking role. Forget what I said about 24/7?"
"Sorry Mister G. Still learning. It's gonna be hard to explain the persona to the ATF and FBI. Allow me to at least be Calliope during that much?"
"Agreed. When you feel a light pulse from the Cameo I expect you to become Babee."
"I don't like you Gabriel but I'll obey. Just don't hurt anyone."
"It will come the day I'll need to prove to you just how serious I am. Until then? Sleep tight."
Call ended she lowers the cell and sits it on her dresser. Looking in a mirror she admires the artwork left on her tits. Rubbing them of their sticky wetness she pinches her nipples and closes her eyes. Enjoying the sensations. Grinning at her final thought on Gabriel she closes her eyes to murmur, "Detective Pornstar reporting for duty."
She found her toy and went back for more. The guards outside heard every word.
They wanted her pussy bad but stood their ground outside.

The only pussy they got was Swayze rubbing against their feet.
He was kicked aside more than a few times.