The rest of the week lapsed back into a normal routine and by Friday Belinda was actually starting to feel relaxed. She lunched with Pam to again thank her for looking after everything, had dinner and too much red wine with Julia, discovering that nothing happened with Julia, though there was a level of sexual tension that would need treating at some stage.
On Friday afternoon, Tony poked his head in to remind her of their date. She nodded and felt a tingle at the prospect of doing his bidding. Whatever failings she felt there relationship had, namely being an office secret, the ability Tony had to unleash desires in her that she hadn't been aware of more than made up for them.
Straight after work she locked up and headed to the small boutique hotel in St Kilda where Tony had instructed her to meet him. It was only a short tram ride from work and she found her curiosity piqued by the meeting place. The pub was panelled in wood and had an appropriate coastal feel to it. Tony was waiting and she noted he had changed from his suit into more casual jeans and a polo shirt. He greeted her with a kiss and a drink. Within half an hour they had consumed two more drinks as she told him all about Derek's very positive reception of her implementation report. Her head was spinning by the time the sun had slipped below the horizon.
'I've got to eat, Tony.'
'Yeah I know, I just thought I should get you drunk first and tell you what my plan is for you.'
'Oh really,' she replied. They snuggled together on a bench near the window, watching the cars speed by. She turned to him and they kissed again, this time a slower meeting of mouths that promised more.
'So tell me,' she said, her voice hoarse.
'Well, I'm not sure that you're prepared to keep your promise.' One hand had been stroking her hair, now his other hand dropped onto her lap. She made no move to stop the pressing of his fingers.
'What do you mean?'
'Well babe, you're probably too up tight for what I want...'
'Since when?' She felt her indignation rise, but it was overpowered by her lust as his fingers began to press against her clit through the material of her skirt and panties. She kissed him again, this time ramming her tongue into his mouth. 'Tell me,' she demanded.
'Are you sure?'
'Mmmm,' she agreed.
Tony leaned closer and almost pressed his mouth to her ear. 'The janitor.'
'What?'
'The janitor, I want you to seduce the janitor.'
'You're kidding.' She pulled her head away and turned to look at him.
'No.' His gaze was steady and she realised that he wasn't kidding. Belinda was horrified at his suggestion and pushed his hand from her lap.
'Ah, I knew you wouldn't agree.' Tony removed his hand from her hair as well and turned just enough to break the contact between their shoulders.
'Well of course not!' She hissed at him. 'I mean, you're saying that you want me to have sex with another man, a stranger...'
'A man you've flirted with, a man you told me...'
'Flirting is different to fucking!' The word flew out of her mouth and as it did, the memory of being blindfolded and pretending she was with the janitor rose unbidden and Belinda felt a little tingle between her legs.
'A man you told me you've fantasised about fucking,' Tony continued as though reading her mind.
'Fantasy is different to reality Tony,' she frowned at him.
'Maybe, but it doesn't have to be.'
'Well it does in this case.' Belinda tried to sound firm but more images filled her mind; his dark eyes and denim clad buttocks.
'Okay, forget I mentioned it.' She tried but image after image flashed from hidden recesses of her alcohol inundated mind. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Tony changed the subject, much to her relief.
'Should we eat here or somewhere else? I think there's a little Thai place a couple of blocks down.'
'Yeah, that sounds good. The walk would be nice.' Belinda was hoping that the fresh sea air would sober her up slightly. Tony slid his arm around her as they stepped onto the pavement and began walking. She could feel the heat of his body pressing against her and wanted to feel his skin on hers.
'After dinner, how about we go back to your place and you can blindfold me again.'
'My place, sure, you blindfolded...I don't know, we've done that and all.' They continued on, crossing a side street. 'Maybe I could be blindfolded this time,' he laughed.
'I'm game,' Belinda agreed. She was a bit disappointed that he didn't want to blindfold her; she had wanted to relive her fantasy with janitor. 'And who would you pretend I was?'
'I don't know,' he shrugged. 'Julia maybe?'
'Oh hello,' Belinda laughed. 'Secret work crush number two?'
'Well I kind of flirted with her, before you arrived,' he added as she looked at him in alarm, 'but no response so I backed off.' He shrugged. 'I reckon she's got nice breasts.' Belinda had to stop from telling him that she had. Another tingle as she recalled hiding in the shower.
'So you've got a crush on Julia and could've been going out with her instead of me hey?'
'Ah, I doubt it.'
'Why not?'
'I don't know,' Tony replied after a short pause. They had reached the restaurant, but Belinda didn't feel hungry any longer.
'Let's keep walking,' she urged. 'I'm not hungry any more.'
'Sure,' he said and they pushed on.
'You could be holding her here and looking forward to playing with her "great breasts."' She was mocking him now and had to admit to feeling a slight stab of jealousy.
'Maybe,' Tony replied, affecting a disinterested air. 'Maybe she'd indulge my fantasies more than you...'
'What does that mean?' Belinda snapped back.
'Maybe she'd be more open minded than you, more ready to explore herself...'
'You mean fuck the janitor?'
'I mean indulge me in a fantasy,' he smiled at her.
'What fantasy?' Belinda was becoming confused.
'In this case, with you, to watch you seduce and fuck the janitor. With her, maybe something different would be more satisfying.' Silence fell between them again. Tony was stating that it was his fantasy for her to seduce the janitor. He actually didn't care about how she saw it. Another small pub appeared and they ducked inside. As Tony ordered them another drink, a plan hatched in her mind.
'So,' she began as he returned, 'this janitor thing is about you...not me?'
'Well both I guess.'
'Ah no, as I see it, my fantasy is just that...imagination. You want to live it out.'
'I guess...'
'So,' she spoke slowly. 'If I was to do this for you, you'd have to do something for me, right?'
'Hello,' he looked surprised. 'Are you reconsidering?'
'Maybe.' That he could possibly think that she was uptight, or that Julia was somehow more open minded had stung her. The fact that he kept their romance secret from the office was starting to make her feel like he was using her as a physical partner. If that was the case, maybe the opportunity to explore herself, her inner desires, should be taken advantage of. Tony was safe, she knew him reasonably well. The move to Melbourne had been about establishing her own identity. Tony was looking expectantly at her.
'This is the deal,' she said, turning to face him as she drained her drink. 'If I do this, then I get to call the next game?'
'Sure.' His answer was too quick.
'Whatever I want, you understand?'
'Absolutely,' he grinned. He glanced at his watch. 'If we get going, we can have you in your office before he starts on our floor.
'Okay,' she agreed, 'but we need to drop by my place first.'
***
As Belinda sat behind her desk, staring out of the window of her office, she suddenly wondered what the hell she was doing. She had stopped at home to change into a matching pair of lace underwear. Her plan was simple; she was going to let the janitor "stumble" in on her while she was changing. Tony had told her that he would watch from the adjoining office. He had a digital camera that he hid on her filing cabinet and hooked up to the computer where he would sit.
The elevator doors had opened almost twenty minutes ago. Belinda knew that she had spent far too much time in the office after hours recently, she had begun to recognise the pattern of his office cleaning. He started at the small kitchen at the far end of the floor, then the conference room and then down the corridor office by office. Depending on the state of the kitchen and conference room, he usually reached her office within twenty-five minutes. On her computer she had opened a document to make it look like she was working. It was unnecessary but somehow added to the whole feel of a plan that she controlled.
The sounds of cleaning in the next room began, so she slipped from her chair and walked over to the locker in the corner, quickly peeling off her blouse and unzipping her skirt. She opened the locker and stood in front of it, her heart pounding as she waited for the sound of her office door opening. With his headphones on he would be unable to hear her so the first time he would know that she was in was when he saw her. Normally, when she worked back, she left her office door open. Tonight it was closed, a deliberate ploy to make him think that she was gone. As the door handle moved, she bent over, pointing her thinly clad behind at the door. Her heart pounded at what she was doing, at the fact that Tony was in the next office watching on a computer monitor, at the possibility that the janitor, for all his flirtatious behaviour, might reject her advance.
As the door swung inwards she stood abruptly and spun to face the "intruder". He was inside the door before realising that she was in the corner, semi naked, looking at him and the look of shock was complete.
'Oh! I'm sorry!' he exclaimed, his voice louder than necessary as a result of the headphones and the music she could hear emerging tinnily. He began to back towards the door when she smiled and raised her eyebrows at him, stopping him in his tracks.
'I'm sorry,' he repeated, pulling the headphones free while trying not to look at her. 'I didn't know that you were in...'
'Really?' she asked, stepping towards him. He swallowed and looked at her. 'I mean, how many nights have I been here this month, and tonight, without knocking, you barge in when the door is closed and the light on?' She knew it was a lie, that her door was always open. But it gave her the initiative, the power to turn the tables and accuse him of wanting her.
'Ah, well, I don't know, I didn't expect...' His words trailed off as Belinda moved to stand in front of him.
'I don't believe you,' she said, her voice soft. 'I think you've been hoping to walk in on me all month.'
'What? No.' He sounded startled by her accusation and her heart sank a little.
'Are you telling me that you haven't looked at me when my back was turned?'
'Ah, well...' he paused. 'What do you want?'
'I want you to fuck me.' She locked her eyes on his, watching them widen, searching for a look of disgust or rejection. She saw his nostrils flare slightly, the vein in his neck pulse and his lips part ever so slightly. And she knew that they would fuck.
'I don't think that...'
'I think it would be best if you didn't think at all,' she murmured, stepping closer to him. They were toe to toe now and she reached out and brushed the back of hand across the front of his jeans. He jumped but remained in place. Her nipples hardened as she realised that she had captured this male simply by standing in front of him in her underwear and telling him what she wanted. Tony's fantasy was allowing her to push her boundaries, to explore her own secret desires and so he had led her somewhere she wanted to be. She wondered if he was playing with himself in the next office, then realised that she didn't care.
She turned her hand around and cupped him, squeezing gently and was excited to feel that he was already hardening. She leaned closer to him and their breath mingled, she could smell the faintest trace of tobacco on his breath. Normally the scent would have been a turn off, but now it added to the scenario of her seduction of the janitor, a young workman. He tried to kiss her but she turned her head so that his lips smacked against her cheek. Undeterred he ran his mouth over the side of her face and sought her neck. His hands went to her waist, grabbing her flesh and sliding around to grab her buttocks and pull her crotch against his, trapping her hand. He was fully erect and his not inconsiderable length was trapped under the denim. His fingers were digging into the soft flesh and she felt her arousal grow as he squeezed and kneaded her.
Belinda pushed him away, which took some effort, then squatted in front of him. She ran her fingers over the bulge in his jeans and looked up at him with a faint smile. Maintaining the eye contact, she deftly manoeuvred the fly open, fumbling a little as she unbuttoned his jeans. He made no effort to assist or stop her, his eyes simply remained locked on hers. His hands hung slackly by his sides and his headphones, still attached to the Walkman clipped to the back of his jeans, dangled like a thin black tail. Then they hit the floor as she pulled his jeans down, unable to prevent her eyes from looking at the stretch of his cotton jockey shorts. Belinda heard the gasp escape from her throat but could do nothing but stare. She had never seen a penis this size and estimated that it was eight or nine inches long.
She touched it with small, uncertain movements, feeling his heat through the cotton. A small patch of damp appeared under the tip and in response she felt her own juices begin to flow. She squeezed the tip between her thumb and forefinger, shivering as he moaned aloud. She freed him then, pushing his jockey's down, revealing his thick shaft. Wrapping her hand around his girth she squeezed, eliciting another moan. He was almost unbelievably hard and she wondered for a moment if she would be able to take him in. Then her lips were open and he was in her mouth, her tongue tasting his pre-cum and her lips savouring his rigidity and the heat of his flesh.
Now he moved, his hands going to the back of her head and his hips gyrating back and forth. Belinda held still and let him penetrate her mouth, feeling his hardness as it dragged back and forth across her lips. Occasionally he pushed too deep and she almost gagged, but each time he quickly pulled back and she realised that other women had let him know how far he could go. The thought that other women had fellated him added to her lust. He was groaning with each small thrust, then without warning he came, his come spurting thick and salty across her tongue and into the back of her throat. When she had allowed Tony to come in her mouth, she had been able to spit his vile tasting seed from her mouth. The janitor's girth was simply too large and his volume too excessive. Her mouth was full and so she swallowed, gagging as the thick liquid caught in her throat. At once he pulled free and she spluttered and spat the rest of his come onto the carpet.
'Sorry,' he gasped. Belinda remained squatting as she tried to regain control. The gagging reflex had stopped and she looked up. His cock hung like a banana before her, the end slick with saliva and seed. Between her legs a fire smouldered and she wanted him inside her. Knowing that he would be on the verge of tugging his pants up and leaving, she reached out, took him in her fingers and again brought him to her mouth.
She was turned on like never before. Tony was watching, this man, the janitor with no name, had come in her mouth and now groaned again as she slid the come covered tip of his cock into her mouth. Inside a minute he was erect again and this time she stood, her hand pumping him in a lazy action to keep him hard. He refused to kiss her this time, so she smeared his come on his neck. Without releasing him she wrestled her panties off, then took him to her desk. She had pre-positioned a condom in her pending tray and retrieved it now, rolling the rubber sheath down his shaft.
Belinda sat on the edge of the desk, spread her legs and looked him in the eye.
'Now fuck me.'
He slid forward and into her, her body exploding in pleasure as his thick shaft ran along her swollen clit. His hands roamed over her back, unclipping her bra so that she was naked while he was still dressed, his pants bunched around his ankles. The janitor slammed into her, his length seeming to drive upwards into her belly. She had wondered if he would fit inside her and now she had her answer. Their pubic hair mingled with each inwards thrust and she reached up and clasped her arms around his neck so that they clung together, his hands gripping her breasts. Her climax was massive and intense, her body bucking and she thought she might pass out. The whole time he continued to pound into her, until with a roar he came, his buttocks clenched tightly and his hips moving in small spasms.
Then it was over, the condom dropped to the floor and he was pulling his jeans up. Belinda was conscious that she was still sitting spread-eagled on her desk, completely open to him, so she shut her legs and looked at him.
'That was great,' he said.
'Not bad at all,' she agreed, trying to sound composed.
'I'd better keep going,' he tilted his head towards the corridor. 'Maybe see you next week?'
'Maybe,' she replied. And she meant it. Then he was gone. Belinda dressed, switched off her computer, wrapped the condom in a tissue and took it with her, then walked to the next office. It was empty. Tony was gone. The discovery didn't disappoint her at all. She had expected that Tony would want sex, but after the janitor she felt satisfied. Very satisfied.