A handful of my closest, most trusted friends were here, there were beverages, appetizers, folding chairs set in a half moon set up, circling the room as if there was a stage in middle of the living room, where there was a sole over sized leather chair, a covered table next to it. I am a photographer, and videographer, a disabled lighting system was set up was surrounding the chair, with an additional light above it.
Adam, was looking around, wondering why I asked them here, finally gives in, "Well, there is alcohol here, so it's not an intervention." Laughingly "Why do you have us here?"
Steve chimes in, "Jesus Christ, your not selling Amway again are you?"
Sam quickly pipes in "I hope it isn't another million dollar idea that needs investors."
"I'm sure that it is something interesting for us to be here, especially with the nice set up." Thomas added.
"Why are we here?" is all Peter asked.
"You are all my closest friends, most supportive friends, and your questions will be answered momentarily. Until then eat, drink, and be merry." I responded to the group.
About five minutes after responding, my phone jingled with a text from my wife, "Is everything set?"
"Everything is set, and everyone actually showed up," I quickly typed back.
"Let's get started, before I rethink this idea," my wife responded. I could almost detect the nervousness in her text.
"If everyone could sit down, your questions will be answered now." I announced to the group.
With that being said, I dim the living room lights off, and click the studio lights remote, lighting the chair area up.
The lights dimming, and the studio lights turning on is the signal that everything is set.
Steve being the official smart ass of the group, quickly responds to the lights switching. "Awesome, it's story time."
The door to my office, attached to the living room, opens, my wife steps out of the dark office, completely nude, except her silver, shimmering shoes she wore in our wedding. Her thighs, and calves flexing with every sexy step towards the chair. Her beautiful ass swaying hypnotically, left and right as she moves down the make shift aisle. Her mesmerizing breasts jutting before her, her rosy pink nipples already as hard as diamonds. Her dark eyes glimmering with mischief, visible even in the darkened room. Her lips a deep, dark come fuck me crimson.
For once, in all the years that I have known my friends, all of them were completely quiet, stunned, and a few began shifting, and folding their legs, as she passed them by, grazing the shoulders of the those seated near the aisle. The living room quickly filled with the aroma of her favorite perfume, Victoria Secrets, Noir.
Reaching the chair in what seemed to take an eternity to cross twenty feet, still facing away from the crowd, she stops, legs parted shoulder length apart, bending over, swaying her ass playfully, as she uncovers the table, revealing half a dozen of her favorite toys.
She eases into the over sized chair, straightening her leg as if pointing to the group, slowly pulling her knee towards her chest, then hooking her calve over the arm rest of the over sized chair. Sensually, slowly she repeats the movement with her other leg. Leaning back into the chair, her smooth, bare pussy spreads for the group, her pinkness visible to the entire room. Her red manicured fingers slowly, softly, caress her lips, playfully parting them wider apart.
The very quiet group watch intently, not batting an eye, locked on her wet, pink pussy. They begin shifting in their seats more, folding their legs, and a few subconsciously lick their lips. Watching intently as my beautiful wife embarks on a fantasy of hers, I begin to knead my hardening cock through my jeans.
Sexily sucking her fingertip, she reaches for her Hitachi with her free hand, flicking it on she arches momentarily as it makes contact with her clit, the group looks startled, from the sudden sound in the room. She let's the Hitachi hum on her clit for a few moments before letting the vibrating head caress her spread lips. Running the magical wand back to her clit, her thumb flicks it to the high setting. Her head arches back, her hips upward, slowly rocking her hips against the buzzing toy. Her legs grasp the arm rests harder, her leg muscles flexing, her hips rocking faster. Juices dribbling from her spasming pussy, down her ass, pooling onto the chair. Flicking the Hitachi off, she moves it back to the table. She reaches for her medium sized Demo gorgon dildo, the nine inch long, and two and a half inches around toy from Bad Dragon. Rubbing the thick head along her parted pussy, her juices slickening the toy. Pressing the thick head into her parted lips, she arches her hips, lowering them, pulling away from the toy, teasing her wetness with it.
Peter groans, "I can't take this." Unsnapping, and unzipping his jeans, he pulls his hard cock from his jeans, slowly stroking himself, watching my wife masturbate.
Looking directly at the group, over her breasts, through her legs, making what felt like eye contact with all of them, she slowly pushes the thick dildo into her wetness, biting her lip, inching the dark blue latex cock deeper into herself. Her pussy spreading wider, sucking the toy deeper. Raising her hips, slowly easing the very slick toy from her pussy, thrusting herself back down on the toy, slowly taking almost the complete length, her moans begin to grow louder. The sounds of zippers opening filled the room. One hand holding the blue cock in place, her other fingers tediously rubbing her clit, her hips bucking wildly up and down, thrusting the toy deep and hard into herself. The group frantically stroking their cocks. The room quickly filling with the scent of pussy, flesh, sex, and Noir.
"Oh god, oh god. I'm gonna ," she began moaning loudly spasming, squirting all over the toy, yanking it from her pussy, still squirting on the chair, juices dribbling. She keeps spasming, mini squirts hit the chair, the floor, inches from the group.
Adam broke the silence, "that is so fucking sexy, I've never seen a squirter before."
Smiling at the group, she eases the toy from her pussy. Arching her ass higher, her skin gleams from her juices, spreading her thighs wider, her pussy visibly clenching and releasing. She grabs a larger toy from the table. Ten inches long, four inches around.
"Move closer guys, I want to see you all stroking your big, thick cocks for me." She says in a soft sexy voice.
Running the shaft of the toy along her spread pussy, the toy wet from her juices. The group moves closer, so close she can feel their breath on her spread legs . One hand spreads her lips wide, the other presses the thick head, of the long, wide dildo to her wetness. The bulbous head of the thick, long, black, cock shaped dildo spreads her lips wide, visibly stretching her bare pussy to it's max. She groans, as the plum sized head pops into her wetness. Stroking my cock faster, and harder, watching my wife impale herself on the huge dildo, in front of our friends is almost too much for me. Pressing her hips lower, the thick cock slowly fills her, inch by inch. She begins to buck on the dildo, inching it deeper, raising her hips, her juices dripping down the black cock. My friends standing in between her spread legs, stroking their hard cocks, as she cums all over the latex cock. She arches back into the chair, lowering her hips, the cock slowly filling her, stretching her. Her moans, and groans echo off the walls. Her thrusts increase, faster, deeper, slowly the thick toy begins to disappear. She rapidly pulls her hips up, the toy pops out with a thud on the chair, her pussy gaping, her hand moves feverishly to her clit, she begins to cum, squirting massive jets, soaking Adam, and Sam's hand and cock.
She grabs another toy, this one has a tube out of the one end, I think it's her inflatable toy. She quickly slides the thinner, but longer toy, deep into her pussy. As she thrusts in and out, her juices coat the cock, literally dripping, and flicking from her hand. Her moans, and squishing of her pussy fill the air. Peter, grabs her ankle pushing her leg wider, stroking his cock over her, watching her impale herself. Steve, loudly groans, his body spasming, and arching toward her, his cock begins spewing jet after jet of cum, it hits her thigh, splashes her breast, lands on her foot. She begins fucking the dildo harder and faster, cumming so hard it pushes the dildo from her pussy, spraying Adam, Sam, and Peter. I stroke faster, and harder, erupting a dense load to her breasts, and neck, still stroking my softening cock oozing every drop of my cum onto her. She squeezes the bulb on her dildo, much to my surprise it's not an inflatable, but a cum tube, thick gobs of a cum like mixture start oozing from her soaked pussy.
Adam, quickly moves towards her upper body, grasping his cock, pumping it feverishly. "Suck it, suck my cock," he blurts right before blast his load on her neck, still stroking dribbling his cum on her arm, stomach, the chair.
Steve erupts, his throbbing pulsing cock blasts his thick load onto her clit, and pussy lips. His cum mixing with the fake mixture oozing from her pussy. She frantically strokes the latex cock in and out of her wetness. Peter, shots his load onto her thigh, grasping her ankle as his thick cock pulses jet after jet. She erupts into another squirting orgasm. The toys pops from her pussy, her cum slick thighs, drop to the chair, a massive puddle under her, on her. My friends still watching her, stroking the softened cocks.
"Are you ready for round two?" the group asks.