Five days had passed since my nocturnal visitor broke in. I couldn't stop thinking about the way he'd touched me, manipulated my body, and then left me, only partially satisfied. After going back and forth on the issue, I contacted the company, not expecting much from them. They had a strict policy of confidentiality and anonymity. A brisk woman's voice on the other line said my payment hadn't been touched, and could be refunded to me. That if he was one of theirs, he'd gone off script. She apologized for the inconvenience and offered to schedule another service. Confused, I declined.
At work, I remained focused; it was like my super power. I was still the singlemindedly driven woman who carved out her career in a world dominated by men. It gave me satisfaction to negotiate contracts, manipulate clients, and earn the reputation of a total hardass. I turned down a sexual advance from my repulsive boss. It felt great.
At home, I was nervous and jumpy. I hadn't touched my liquor cabinet since the incident, and always vigilantly barred my windows. It was one thing to have a home intruder I'd carefully scheduled to come in and satisfy me, but quite another to be dominated by a stranger with god only knows what motive.
By the time five days had passed, I was feeling pretty pent up. I'd usually masturbate every other night, if not nightly, and going without for fear of the stranger breaking in was really doing a number on my sanity. I seriously toyed with the idea of installing a good alarm system. Still, whenever I thought about my evening visitor, I'd feel a flush rise - and not only to my face. Remembering how he'd held me against his erection and compelled me to watch myself cum still got me hot and bothered. Like right now, I could literally feel my pussy juicing up at the memory of how he'd pulled my thong up between my engorged pussy lips to stimulate me.
Enough was enough, I decided. I couldn't let this experience control me forever. I still needed a little sexual fun, even if it was just with my vibrator. I nerved myself up with some red wine and stripped down to panties and a tee shirt. This was a cute grey pajama shirt, thin with age. My nipples poked suggestively at the taut material. With a flash of boldness, I opened the curtains of my bedroom window. Not an invitation, no way. The windows were still locked, after all.
I was feeling incredibly horny and pretty safe. I lay back started working myself over, beginning with gentle touches of my breasts. It could be cool to bring some other toys into play tonight, I'd thought, and took out the vibe I sometimes used for my ass as well. I envisioned the intruder's dominant touch on my pussy, imagined him slipping a few fingers inside as I mimicked the action with my toy. He'd tell me to hold still and let it happen. I'd squirm away, but not too hard. He'd wrap strong fingers around my throat, not choking, but just showing me he was in control.
You don't fight me, he'd say. This is what you get for your defiance. Stay still. I'd whimper, half in fear and half in anticipation as he slowly penetrated me. He'd slide it deeper, stretching my slick walls around his girth. Damn, but I was wet and ready. Still, I couldn't quite bring myself over the edge, even with my toy moving wetly in and out of me. I glanced over toward the open curtains and the dark neighborhood outside. Half hoped he was watching, touching himself, panting like me.
Now suck, he'd command, and slide a finger into my mouth. I'd know what was coming, but be powerless to stop it. With a masculine groan, he'd run his slick finger around the tight bud of my asshole. You need this, don't you, he'd tell me. Say it. I would say it for him, quickly, breathlessly. I need it in my ass. Fuck, I was close now, my breathing erratic. I slipped the slim toy into my ass a little and just held it there, keeping myself right on the edge.
Something changed in my peripheral vision. The porch lights had come on at the house that stood empty across the street. A man was sitting on one of the chairs with his feet up. In my state of suspended ecstasy I almost missed the several beer bottles in front of him, indicating he'd been there for a good while, with a clear view into my bedroom. Even through the haze of pleasure the significance of multiple empty beer bottles was not lost on me. How long had he been out there, enjoying the show? He watched me watching, straightened his posture a little and gave a jaunty wave. Fuck me. I came explosively. It was him.
Weak from the powerful orgasm still rocking me, I collapsed back onto the bed. What the hell, he'd seen it all already. I could close the curtains in a minute, and then run over and give him a piece of my mind. I lay there, catching my breath as common sense and reality asserted itself. No way in hell should I go over there and put myself right into the hands of a man who'd already shown himself willing to break in and take what he wanted. What did he want though?
From the side of my eye I saw the porch light go out again. My legs worked, finally. I crossed the room and shut the curtains with something of a snap. Once again I'd had a stellar orgasm, but ended feeling confused and frustrated. This guy had really gotten in my head. He'd pushed all my buttons last week, and now he didn't make a move? Except to let me know he was there, watching. Irrationally angry and still a little horny, I checked the locks on my doors and windows, before indulging in a long hot shower. If he'd actually moved in across the street, then the fun was just beginning. We'd play this game out to the last. I grinned in anticipation at the prospect of teasing him beyond endurance while safe inside my home.