"I don't need clothes. I want to be naked all the time." Sonya now was mumbling out loud in the shower. Marietta could hear Sonya was saying something in the shower, but she couldn't tell over the water. Marietta was still naked lying on her friend's bed. She often went nude at home and it would be nice to be able to strip down at Sonya's place as well. "Sonya's blackout episode has had some pretty good perks," Marietta thought to herself.
Meanwhile in the shower, Sonya fantasized about her nakedness. She thought about what it would be like to cook and clean, watch tv, talk on the phone and of course hang out with Marietta. Her pussy pulsed at the thought of someone seeing her. "Maybe I can even look out a window naked." Her clit swelled in agreement. "Maybe I can even go outside naked?" Her hips bucked at the thought. Her body was acknowledging her thoughts and desires with pulses of arousal that got her to see colors with her eyes closed.
Unable to contain her pleasure, Sonya came with a satisfying moan. Even under the shower and soaps, she could smell a hint of her new sweet arousal. She crouched down in the shower letting the water wash over her body as she experienced another orgasm. She opened her eyes and with that moment she was satisfied with what she had done and who she was becoming. Sonya was getting comfortable with her nakedness.
She turned off the water and dried herself off. She also decided to brush her teeth as well. She gathered all her oils and moisturizers and started her ritual of taking care of her skin. She then decided to leave the bathroom and present herself to her friend.
Sonya was surprised to see Marietta on her bed. But she was also surprised that she was still naked.
"Are you gonna stay dressed like that?" Sonya teased. Marietta looked over and saw her goddess standing naked in front of her. The light from the bathroom caused Sonya to cast a shadow. Marietta could see a faint bit of light between her hips right below her woman fur.
Marietta just nodded in awe and silence. At that moment, Marietta was convinced her naked friend has converted her to a full lesbian. Even though she's in the friend zone, no male body she could compare this heavenly sight in front of her.
"Ok," Sonya said. "Be yourself and be comfortable. I've decided I'm going to try something new with my life. I'm no longer wearing clothes in my apartment. Thanks for being here for me." Sonya proceeded to rub her body with moisturizer restoring a light sheen to her body. Marietta had to blink a few times. Did she just hear friend say she wanted to stay naked in her apartment? She just stared at the stunningly beautiful naked woman. "Marie, you must really like my body. You won't stop staring at me. Are you ok?"
Marie was now sitting up right. Her thighs were rubbing together squeezing her pussy in such a way to cause pleasure with Sonya not noticing. "I'm ok. I promise. I just wish you knew how beautiful you really are and how much power you could wield with the right clothes. Men would conquer mountains for you." In the back of Sonya's mind, the very word "clothes" was offensive to her ears. She winced a little bit. "Clothes? Who needs them?"...Sonya paused thinking to herself surprised at the own words that just rolled off her tongue like water.
"If my body is as stunning as you say it is, then maybe I need to change my wardrobe. If you like what you see, why not just be this way?" Sonya gestured toward her body. Marietta was getting wet again and having problems with her arousal. Sonya's voice had changed again. That same sultry voice of authority that she had only heard for the first time today. Marietta had never ever seen this side of Sonya.
"Sonya, don't freak out or anything, but you are turning me on so much right now. I don't know what to do," Marietta said meekly.
"Pleasure yourself Marie. I won't judge you. I might even join you."
Little did Marietta know, Sonya was not in control of her own thoughts. She thought she was thinking to herself. In fact what she had just spoken was out loud for Marietta to hear. This newfound open honesty was not something Sonya had prior to her incident. Whoever this person was speaking out scared Sonya. But she liked it. If loosing control means gaining confidence, then who was she to judge? Now that she knows she has power over Marietta, she accepted her blunder and decided to reap the benefits. Sonya wanted to show off more.
"Should I turn around show you my butt?" Sonya asked in the same sultry tone.
"Yes," said Marietta under labored breathing. Her legs were spread wide on display for her best friend. Unlike before, she was gently massaging her pussy making sure her wetness was audible as possible.
"Should I bend over?"
"Yes"
"Should I spread my cheeks?"
"OMG YES"
Shocked at what came out of Sonya's mouth, she decided to live a little and follow through. Bending over at her hips, she arched her back and presented her pussy to Marietta and held her position. She even arched her back. Marietta's wet sounds became that of rapid succession followed by a satisfied moan. For the 3rd time today Marietta had cum because of Sonya.
Sonya had become visibly wet in response to her presentation. Marietta came so quickly because Sonya's womanhood began to swell, moisten, and drip. Marietta had never seen a sexual response like that. It was like watching a flower bloom. Sonya's sweet nectar filled the air. Marietta suspected there must be an additional component to this sweet smelling arousal. A horny hormone perhaps? She then stood up turned around and faced her friend.
Now that Marietta had gathered herself, she noticed Sonya's protruding clit. Marietta had a fetish for big clits. However, that bush was getting in the way. Without thinking she said "Sonya we need to shave your pussy. You can't say you like to be naked if all of you is not visible. Your big clit doesn't need to hide behind that forest of fur!" It was Marietta's turn to be shocked. She just blurted that out without any thought. Maybe it was Sonya's sweet honey scent that filled the room. Maybe it was indeed some hormone that electrified the air. While Marietta was pondering the possibilities, Sonya replied "You know?..maybe I should. It's like I just don't want to stop trying new things with you. I have nothing else better to do. Let's do it!" Sonya had a warm smile on her face. She decided to put all her trust in her only friend.
Marietta's jaw dropped. Old Sonya would never ever do any of these things that have happened today in front of her. Marietta secretly wished that Sonya would pass out again. She wondered what new secrets she would unlock when she woke up again. Every "episode" Sonya has, seems to remove more inhibitions. That was certain.
"Well then!" Marietta said. "Let's find something to remove all this hair." Looking around in the bathroom, she was unable to find the satisfactory supplies needed to accomplish her task. Marietta decided she needed to go to the store to get hair remover and a few other supplies to make this quick and painless. "Well, I think I need to go to the store. Do you want to come with me?"
Marietta walked out room to the living room where her clothes were. Sonya couldn't help but watch her ass. Marietta had a larger frame than Sonya but watching Marietta's shapely ass jiggle was a beautiful sight. "Yeah, sure! I"ll go with you," Sonya replied. She grabbed her keys and purse and walked out the bedroom. Looking at her friend, Marietta asked "Are you forgetting something?" She pointed at her naked body. "No I have everything Marie," said Sonya.
"Sonya, you might want to put clothes on if you are going to the store," said Marietta. Sonya froze. She totally forgot she was naked and she was actually going to leave her home bare assed. "OMG! Wow! I must have really fell and bumped my head one too many times... literally! I just got so comfortable I forgot! This is so embarrassing. I'm sorry!" Sonya put her things down and walked back into the bedroom. Her body burned with embarrassment. You can't just go walking around naked in public. Ignoring logic, Sonya could feel her clit rise once again. "Am I really getting off on the idea of going out naked?" Sonya thought to herself. She smiled at the idea non the less.
Opening the closet door, she looked at her clothing options. Suddenly Sonya fell ill as if she had motion sickness. She turned to the medicine cabinet and took a double dose of liquid nausea medication. This seemed to calm her upset stomach. She grabbed her bra and panties. Once again, they felt rough and very uncomfortable. As she slid her panties up her legs, a burning sensation went through her body. She put on her bra and a numbing sensation rocked through her chest. She was struggling to overcome these feelings and sensations her body was signaling. She was becoming nauseous again.
Her last attempt at clothing was to put on a shirt. In response to the fabric, she felt her back star to burn. Reluctantly, she removed the shirt. Overwhelemed by the reality of the situation, Sonya began to panic. Being naked in the apartment is one thing. No longer being able to wear clothes was an entirely different situation.
Sonya called out to her friend. "Marie!...Something is wrong!" Tears in her eyes began to form. "I can't put my clothes on!" Concerned and horny, Marietta rushed to her friend. She found Sonya huddled on the floor clutching her clothes pulling and tugging at them. "I don't know what's wrong with them. They hurt my skin! My shirt feels like its on fire! Is this an allergic reaction!? What's wrong with me!?"
Marietta began to deeply worry for Sonya. She was in obvious distress. "Here let me help you," Marietta said. She slid her socks, panties, and bra off. "Let me take a look at these." Marietta ran her hands over the fabric looking over the material and touching and checking all over. Nothing was usual about the clothing. She turned to look at Sonya and she no markings on her body.
"You are not going to like this, but I need you to put this bra back on. I need to see for myself what happens," said Marietta. Reluctantly, Sonya put the bra back on her naked body. Once she clasped the bra, Marietta watched Sonya's breathing get more shallow. "I can't breathe Marie." Sonya pulled at the bra to give her chest more space. "It hurts!" Sonya began to pull at the bra as if she forgot how to take it off. She was trying to distance her breasts from the bra.
"Relax relax!" Marietta was trying to take control of the situation. Sonya wasn't listening. She just pushed at the cups as hard as she could away from her chest. The panicked woman eventually tore the bra at the seams. It released tension, ripped on one side, and fell to the floor. At that moment, Marietta realized Sonya had developed a serious psychological problem.