In the first chapter, twins Max and Liz visit Jizzneyland, an adults-only theme park. They arrive as individuals, intending to explore the park independently, but end up closer than they had bargained for...
"Why don't we grab those fancy chairs?" asked Liz, sipping at her iced lemon drink.
I had sat at a shady table, but Liz's idea was better - there were some cozy swinging egg chairs nearby, wicker frames on the outside and soft cushions on the inside. They faced each other at a slight angle.
"Yeah, I feel like a siesta," I said, getting up.
We were both fully nude, and my cock was in a fully satisfied state, swinging freely as I moved towards the egg chairs. We both collapsed back.
"Ohhh man, that's good. How amazing is this place?" said Liz, getting comfortable. She scooted back and drew her knees up to her chest so that she was completely inside the chair. She wriggled, looking for the perfect position, and ended up finding it with her feet wedged in on either side of the chair, knees still bent up. This had effect of leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination between her legs. Her pussy was on full, lewd display, and she didn't seem to care at all. She was still wearing the green jewel butt plug. Despite everything I'd seen and experienced so far, I hadn't yet had a chance to gaze so directly into my sister's vagina in such a gynecological fashion. For my part, I sat back with my legs spread and feet still on the floor. Liz wasn't getting quite as good a view of me, but everything was still on display.
"Come on then, tell me all about it," she said.
"About what?" I said, stupidly.
"About how you got off! Come on, I left you with a raging boner and I come back to find Mr Flopsy over there and you sprawled out like you're about to fall asleep! I told you mine, I wanna hear yours," she said playfully.
I was torn.
Should I tell her? What if she freaks out?
But what if I lie to her? Would she ever find out? If she did, I'd be dead meat and she'd never trust me again.
I readjusted my position in the chair a little and thought about how to approach this. I decided to try distraction.
"You didn't finish telling me yours. Apparently you just took 24 dicks. Shit, Liz, you're a machine!" I said.
Liz gave a self-satisfied smile of pride.
"And you don't look at all the worse for wear!" I continued, gesturing to her perfectly trimmed, perfectly tight little snatch.
"Eh, I had a nice hot rinse in their bidets at the exit. What can I say, I scrub up well," she elaborated, with an ironic dance of her arms. "So... I'm waiting!"
"Ah... hmmm," I tried.
"Oh, it's gonna be a good one!" she laughed. "Spit it out Max, you've got nothing to be ashamed of! You trust me don't you? What was it? Did you go back and get reamed at the Ass-tro Orbiter? I really thought you were going to go for it. You can tell me, I won't judge!"
"What? No!" I said, happy to be truthful about that.
I couldn't do it. There was no way I had the courage to admit I'd just accidentally fucked my sister.
"I went back to the Titi Room and got a handy from one of the babes there. I'm a breast man y'know," I lied.
"Haha, you boring old man! You seriously went back to the attraction you'd just been on? Laaame," she said, and downed her lemonade.
"Ah fuck off Liz," I said, thinking that reverting to a little sibling argumentation would steer us clear of dangerous territory. I downed the last of my drink too.
"Hey, I didn't mean that," she said apologetically. "You want to get some lunch?"
"Sure, sounds good," I said, getting up. I reached out my hand, and Liz took it. I pulled her out of the chair, and we left the seating area.
"I'm only a little hungry," said Liz as we walked. "It's probably the heat."
"Or maybe you've already been well fed?" I said, perhaps encroaching on dangerous territory again.
Liz laughed.
"You mean that guy at the bar earlier?" she said. "Not exactly sustenance. Don't get me wrong, theballson that guy... but did you know the average male ejaculation is less than a fluid ounce? Those hamster-cheeks in all that blowjob porn you watch are mostly filled with saliva."
God damn her filthy talk was otherworldly. Since when did my sister talk like this?!
"There is no way you didn't get that little fact from watching too much porn yourself, you pervert!" I said defensively.
Are we now just going to talk openly about the fact that we obviously both masturbate?
"Purely research, Max," she said smoothly. "Check this place out."
We found ourselves in front of an oriental-style tiled building with a colorful illuminated sign: Lo-Hung Wang's.
"Sure, I could go for sushi," I said, agreeably.
We sat next to each other at a bench at the busy eatery and grabbed the table service menu.
"Oh Jesus, would you look at this. They've got so much good stuff. I think we're going to be here a while," I said.
Liz giggled.
"Empty balls and a full stomach, that'ssoyou," she replied. "Just get me a California roll; you do the pigging, I'll do the pegging."
It's like she's trying to escalate the flirting... but she has no idea how far it's already escalated.
A waitress appeared, clad in the same signature white leather strappy outfit, holding a pad in her hand. Her name tag said Addison.
"Welcome to Wang's my friends! Have you eaten with us before?" she asked.
"No, this is our first time in the park," said Liz, engaging warmly.
"OK, well you've made a great choice. Of all the food and drink outlets, I think you've chosen the best. Now, I would say that, wouldn't I? But really, I think you're going to just love it. Can we start with some drinks?" she offered.
"Yeah, get me a pineapple juice boost please?" I said.
"Would you like that active?" she asked.
I wasn't sure I'd heard her correctly.
"What's that? Active?" I questioned.
"Sure, it just means we mix in a little medicinal help. We find that most guys need a little pepping up by the middle of the day, depending on how intense their morning has been," she tried to explain, a little obtusely.
"What's the medicine?" asked Liz.
"Mostly sildenafil to keep yourstrengthup, plus some electrolytes and nutrients to increase... volume," she said, euphemistically.
"Hah, so you're gonna feed him Viagra? Let me tell you, this boy doesnotneed help getting hard," she said, quite amused with herself.
"Don't worry, it's only a small dose, and actually the active ingredients are there to increasecumvolume rather thandicksize," said the waitress, dropping the pretence of euphemism.
Liz nodded sagely.
"There you go, Max, maybe we'll see about that fluid ounce, huh?" she said playfully. "Sign him up, Addison!"
Did she want to see me cum?
"OK, I will, and I hope you will thank me later!" said the waitress to Liz with a knowing smile. "What can I get you?"
"I'll have the same, and I assume you don't have any add-ons to make my clit grow or some wacky shit like that?" she said.
"Afraid not, honey, but if you ask me, the right tongue is all you need," she said alluringly, putting her hands on her sides and rotating her hips to remind us that her own shaved pussy was right there next to us, with a fair sized clit emerging for all to see.
I was getting blasé to all the nakedness, but I still felt a little thrill at seeing that most private part of a stranger so close to me, and so casually.
"And for your food order?" she asked, snapping me out of my gaze.
"Let's get a California roll and some sashimi please," I said.
"Great choice, and would you like that on hostess?" she said.
"I'm sorry, what did you say? On what?" I asked.
She just raised her beautiful, wicked smile another notch.
"I'm going to put you down for a 'yes' on that one, trust me," she said enigmatically.
She swiped our bands on her card reader.
"OK, she'll be right over!" she said, and hurried off. My gaze followed her pert ass into the kitchen.
"What have we just ordered?" hissed Liz.
"Hostess? Like, sushi on a twinkie?" I speculated, ridiculously.
Our drinks soon arrived - no dick glasses here, just highballs with umbrellas. I sipped and considered.
"Hmm, can't taste the Viagra." I said.
"Let me check," said Liz, looking down at my cock.
"Get lost!" I said, instinctively covering myself up with the menu.
Was I worried she might recognize it if she looks too much?
"It's not like flipping a switch, Liz!" I said.
"I know, I'll be patient," she said, mischievously.
Before I could ask her to quit talking about my dick, our waitress reappeared.
"Your dish is almost ready," she said. "What I suggest is that you," pointing at Liz, "move to the other side of the table so that you're both at the end rather than next to each other."
"OK, I guess..." said Liz, a little put out at being asked to move. She picked up her drink and walked behind me, and to the other side to sit opposite me.
Another waitress emerged from the kitchen, pushing a large trolley covered in a silk cloth. She wheeled it up to the end of our table. Liz and I shot each other confused glances. Then our first waitress whipped off the cover.
Beneath was a petite Asian girl, nude and glossy, with her ankles behind her ears, and our sushi laid out in an artful strip on her belly, and down to her pussy. The last two pieces were placed directly onto her pussy, covering it. She was utterly hairless and seemed to glow or shine, as if lightly bronzed in a sweet sauce.
I could see Liz's eyes boggling. Perhaps she could see mine doing the same.
"I'm going to leave you two to get intimately acquainted with Kiki here. Enjoy your meal!" she said, marching off to take another table's order.
The girl said nothing, just lay there serenely, offering our lunch to us on her naked body.
"On hostess, Liz, you see?" I said, in a mock know-it-all voice.
I picked up some chopsticks and grabbed a piece off Kiki's pubic mound. I popped it in my mouth and savoured it.
"What do you know? Tuna!" I said, grinning.
Liz grabbed her own chopsticks and began to poke at her food on Kiki's lower abdomen.
"Thank you for this, Kiki," she said as she ate.
I could detect a slight reticence in her.
"You OK Liz? How's your roll?" I asked.
"It's... good," she said. She was looking at the pieces of sashimi sitting on Kiki's pussy.
"Oh, I get it... you're wondering if eating those bits makes you a lesbian, huh?" I suggested.
"Geez Max, no of course not. It's just, I've never been so... close... to another girl," she explained.
"Eh, you don't have to get too intimate. Isn't that right, Kiki?" I said. Kiki said nothing. "Just lift that piece up - yes, that one, the one covering her clit."
It was my turn to continue the obscene flirting.
Flirting? Is that what my sister and I were doing?
"Quit it Max, I'm fine," she said, making a slow attempt to lift the piece of sashimi up with her chopsticks. As she took it, Kiki's glistening clit was revealed, fully exposed and sticking out of her clitoral hood. I had never seen anything more delicious.
I grabbed the last piece - the one that was nestled in the folds of her vulva. As I took it, a gossamer thread of feminine secretion stayed attached, and as I lifted the piece away, the thin ribbon of grool fell away.
I finished eating, but I wasn't finished eating.
"I think Kiki deserves a tip, don't you Liz?" I said.
She nodded, not quite sure what I had in mind, then suddenly completely sure.
I leaned down between Kiki's legs and gave her a solid lick up from the bottom of her pussy to the top of her clit, lingering there and tasting the delicate residue of rice scent.
"Ohh!" said Kiki suddenly - the first sound we'd had out of her.
"Max! How could you!" said Liz.
"Come on Liz, I think that was a fine reward for being such a good hostess. Why don't you have a go?" I said, goading her.
"Look, eating off her clit is one thing, but I think going down on her is definitely going to tarnish my straight credentials," she said.
"Who cares about labels, Liz? What is straight anyway? Is it straight to walk around naked with your twin?" I asked, trying to get her to lick pussy using logic.
"What did you just say?" said Kiki suddenly. She spoke in a Japanese accent.
"Oh, she's my sister. We're just here on a day trip, it's fine," I said, throwing logic to the wind.
Kiki burst out laughing.
"You are twins? That is very unconventional! I am pleased to hear you are enjoying yourselves at our park," she said politely.
"Uh, I'm sorry for licking you just then," I said.
"Oh! Please don't apologize, I enjoyed it very much. And you ma'am, I would enjoy any oral sex acts you would wish to perform on me too," she said, being the perfect hostess.
"Liz, weren't you telling me this morning we had to make the most of our day here?" I said.
Liz looked at me, clearly uncertain, but with slightly flushed cheeks. This was pushing her boundaries. She looked like she had made up her mind.
"OK, but you owe me!" she said, and immediately went down, diving into Kiki's smooth, slick muff, going all-in. For a first-timer, she seemed to be doing very well, judging by the blissful look on Kiki's face. I guess a woman knows what a woman needs.
Liz came up with a wet chin and wiped it on her arm.
"Oh my God!" she squeeked. "I can't believe I licked a pussy! There, I'm a lesbian, you happy?"
I laughed.
"You're only a lesbian if you enjoyed it!" I said.
"Eh, it was OK. I like dick more," she said.
"I'm sorry about her Kiki, your pussy is more than OK. It's beautiful. I loved it," I said.
"Thank you so much, you are very kind!" she said. Kiki unfurled her legs and slipped off the trolley into a standing position. She wasn't much taller than our head-height sat down.
"I must leave you now, I have other customers to serve," she said, and exited with a small bow.
We drank up, left the restaurant, and resumed our leisurely stroll around the park.
"So what do you think of this place so far, huh?" asked Liz, as we joined the early afternoon throngs of nudists. There was almost something approaching a crowd - more people than we had seen out and about in the morning.
"Well, it looks like everyone is out to enjoy the sun after a hard morning's work," I replied.
I was sure that everyone around us had - like us - rushed to their preferred sexual encounter or adventure during the morning, and were now in a mellow post-coital state of collective relaxation.
"Isn't it just beautiful?" said Liz.
It was true. Quite apart from the sea of tanned naked skin, breasts, nipples, and soft swinging cocks on display, the park was a work of art, and for the most part tasteful in its decor, perhaps aiming for a "desert flower" theme.
"I feel so relaxed and free," she added. "Like it's not even sexual now... just people being themselves."
"I gotta say, Liz, I never knew that this was you being yourself!" I remarked.
"Of course you didn't, you're mybrother," she replied. "Siblings don't share that kind of stuff!"
"And yet here we are, yakking about it like it's nothing," I said, trying to stay looking ahead instead of at her large, round, firm breasts, hourglass figure, and plugged ass.
"Comes with the territory I guess," she said. "I actually love it. I love that we can talk openly about this stuff finally. It feels like I've got a new best friend who I can share anything with, Max. I'm so glad we did this. You're still my dorky brother Max, and that's what makes it so perfect - you're a true neutral: a guy I can be open with, without any worrying about you trying to use it as an excuse to get into my pants."
"You're not wearing any pants, Liz," I pointed out.
She wasn't wearing any pants when she unknowingly sat on my cock, either.
She laughed.
"Exactly!" she exclaimed, like I finally got the point. "Oh, Max, look, we're at Ride of Passage! Wehaveto try it!"
We had walked up to a large show building with sci-fi theming.
"This is their most high-tech ride," she said, suddenly back to being the geeky theme park YouTuber I knew. "It's a solo VR experience - you get to enter a fantasy world and play as a character of your choosing."
I was already in a fantasy world, and I felt like I had been increasingly playing a character, but not necessarily one of my own choosing.
We headed into the building. The queue was already shuffling in, getting ready to board the next "ride". A voice came over the tannoy.
"Welcome, traveller! Please enter the appropriate door to your left and select a ride vehicle."
There were two doors, adorned with male and female icons.
"See ya later, I guess!" I said to Liz. She had already rushed through the women's door, which was held open. Through it, I could see what looked like lines of Sybian machines.
Inside the dark chamber were several units which looked like a cross between a pommelhorse and a motorcycle seat - padded black leather, and an arrangement of moving parts and tubes around it. I sat down on one. The leather had been pre-warmed.
An attendant came round to check everybody's seating position, and to close the "lap bar mechanism" - a large contraption with a hole in it.
"We find mounting the vehicle is easier when guests are a little... firmer," she said.
Most of the guys in the room already had at least semis, but I was still hanging soft after my whirlwind experience earlier on the Carousel. The attendant noticed this, leaned over me, and reached down to hold my penis in her hand.
"I'm here to get you started," she whispered in my ear. "Would you like to lick my nipple?"
My cock began to stiffen in her hand as she pushed one breast towards my lips. I only got a single lick in before she decided I was hard enough, and broke away. She closed the mechanism down over my lap, guiding my cock into the hole. It was a large hole, with no tightness or anything that I could feel yet on the other side. I was almost pinned in position, but could still move my hips if I needed to. I felt my cock growing in anticipation of what devices were hidden inside the unit.
The attendant handed me a headset.
"Once you have the headset sitting comfortably, tighten the strap at the back, please," she announced. I did so, and found myself in a bright white void as the internal screens fired up.
I waved my arms around but they weren't represented in the VR world - nor was any other part of my body.
Suddenly, a row of characters appeared, and my arm movements seemed to move a cursor over them. I was being prompted to select.
There were four on offer: a swarthy pierced, tattooed pirate, wearing a bandana and a tattered waistcoat, and nothing else; a bodybuilder with rippling muscles; a slim, twinkish youth, shaven all over; and a blue-gray metal robot, with sculpted humanlike anatomy.
Each of them had a penis that looked exactly like mine, and in the exact state of tumescence as mine - the only difference being the robot's cock which was a steely gray color. I gave my pelvic muscles a squeeze, and the characters' cocks twitched in time. They must have been measuring me in the device!
I chose the robot, and my perspective was immediately rushed into its eyes. I looked down at my robotic body and hands - and cock. The visuals were astonishingly lifelike and realistic, although I couldn't walk around.
The scene changed to a classical Roman temple bathhouse, with soft-furnished long chairs, beds, and flowing drapes over white marble columns, arranged around a steaming in pool the center. There were 8 of us in total - three robots, three twinks, and two pirates. We stood there as our characters. I found I could walk through the scene by gesturing with my hands.
Almost right away, the girls appeared. They too had chosen characters - four princesses with tiaras, two Amazonian giants, a vampiress, and an anthropomorphic catgirl.
It dawned on me that one of them had to be Liz.
Oh shit, were we about to have another encounter? This time it would be undeniable.
I motioned towards one of the princesses, and my robot walked straight to her, stepping into the pool, through it, and out the other side. I picked the princess, figuring it gave me some deniability. Who would ever be able to tell which one was Liz?
The game began. Through a series of hand movements, I commanded my character to embrace the princess. I wasn't controlling any of the movements directly - except for one. The princess had dropped to her knees and begun sucking the hard metal robot cock - and as her lips descended, I felt a warm wet sensation over my cock. This was the actual ride, not the hokey VR game! Somehow, the sensation of a blowjob was being transmitted through whatever brushes, flaps, rings and secretions the machine contained. I had just enough real-life wiggle room to move my hips gently. The princess received a face-fucking in response.
Before I could get too into it, the princess rose, and began to lead the robot to a bed. She got onto all fours and looked over her shoulder expectantly. She had a cartoonishly smooth pussy which glistened - positively sparkled - with her virtual juices. I gave the command to fuck. My robot put itself in position and began to plow her doggy style. Immediately, my cock was enveloped in a tight grip that clung onto my cock and moved up and down in time to the literally-machinelike fucking in the virtual world. The princess was making exaggerated pornstar moans and movements, throwing her head back and screaming already as my robotic avatar stepped up the pace to an already-superhuman fucking speed. The simulated pussy around my cock jackhammered itself around me. I lost track of time in the intensity.
An intrusive thought brought me out of the haze:could this be Liz on the receiving end? Was she getting the sensation of my cock shoved into her real-life pussy?
I tried to shut out the thought and get on with the ride.
I somehow had the presence of mind to try a few variations. First, I slowed the fucking motion down. Then I managed to activate the vibrating balls. The robot shoved its metal cock into the pink royal flesh and held it there, so that the vibrating part was pressed into her clit. The robot pulled out all the way then dived back in, repeating the motion. The princess was pushing her hips back as far as she could on the outward thrust, trying to maintain clitoral contact with the vibrator. I decided to go for a coup-de-grace. After a little more experimentation, I activated a clit-sucking device that emerged impossibly from a hatch in the robotic balls. It latched on, and I held it there, buried deep, enjoying the second-hand buzzing that was transmitted through the device to my real-life cock. The princess was going wild. Her tiara was thrown off, and her face covered by her blonde hair. She came. I could feel the contractions of her orgasm via whatever squeezing mechanism the device possessed. My cock was desperately hard.
The princess collapsed into a heap, and vanished. The sensations around my cock disappeared.
The white void returned.
"No!" I cried, feeling cheated. "No, bring it back!"
I felt an attendant loosen the head strap for me, and take the headset off me.
"Fuck, is that it? I was so close!" I complained.
The attendant gave a conciliatory half-smile, and apologized.
"I'm sorry, it's such a popular ride, we have to stick to the time limit strictly. You are always welcome to re-join the line," she said, as she pulled the lap bar back, revealing my wet erection, straining upwards in search of some stimulation.
I got up and left the room, and out the exit ramp at the back of the building.
Liz was already waiting there.
"Whoah, looks like someone ran out of time!" she said, looking at my unbelievably hard dick.
"What a rip," I said. "Just as it was getting good."
Liz laughed.
"Poor Max, always getting left high and dry," she said. "Does it hurt? It looks painful."
"No, it's more like... frustrated."
We stood there, eyes still adjusting to the outside light.
"What was your ride like then, Liz," I started to ask, dreading the answer.
"Oh, mine was awesome, of course. I was a princess - and I got seduced by a pirate on his ship," she began.
A sense of relief came over me.
"Oh thank God. When you said you were a princess I thought..." I trailed off.
"You thought...? What, that your character might have paired up with mine?" she said, laughing. "Did you fuck a princess, Max?"
"Yeah, I was the robot," I said.
"Well anyway, the characters are all randomised, you know?" she said.
"What? What does that mean?" I asked, suddenly confused.
"It means just because you appeared as a robot in your game doesn't mean you appeared as a robot to everyone else. Otherwise the other players wouldn't get a free choice of which character to fuck - or of the setting," she explained.
"So, uh... you mean we might have... been paired up without realizing?" I asked tentatively.
"There's always a chance, I guess," she shrugged, seemingly unconcerned.
"And you knew this?" I said.
"Sure. God, it's like you haven't researched this place at all!" she said.
"And that doesn't bother you?" I continued.
"Come on, it was just a dildo in a box. Or, I guess, some kind of jerkoff machine for you, was it?" she said, diverting from the possibility that we had just had some kind of cybersex.
"Yeah, I guess it was. It was pretty fucking sweet, actually," I said.
"I can tell," she said with a wry smile.
"I don't know what it was like for you," I said, "but it seemed to know exactly the shape and size of my dick. How big was the pirate's dick?"
"Ehhh, I don't know, princesses don't go around with a measuring tape!" she said, not biting. "And you can't always tell exactly."
"But if you had to guess?" I pressed.
"Oh, I really don't know. Maybe... seven inches?" she said, looking down at my throbbing seven inch cock.
"Fuck," I said.
Liz laughed.
"Jeez Max, lighten up, it's not like weactuallydid anything," she argued.
She's oblivious, I thought.
"Look, how about we split up again?" she continued. "You've got something urgent to deal with by the looks of it, and that ride was just a starter. I'm going to go find an entrée."
"Sure, OK, I'll see you later," I said, waving her off again. She swung her hips as she walked off, her jewel plug still in place, glinting in the sun.
I wondered if I really had been paired up on the ride with my sister. Does that count as anything? She was right, it was just rubber, and we weren't to know, but the possibility gnawed at me, and did nothing to reduce my arousal.
I decided I couldn't risk another unknown encounter, so resolved to follow Liz and see where she ended up, so that I knew where to stay away from.
I trailed her, doing my best impression of a spy, staying back and keeping other guests between her and myself. I skulked around like this, trying to look casual, while Liz made her way deeper into the park.
Up ahead was a wooden-constructed cluster of buildings, in a frontier style. I saw Liz stop to take a closer look. I held back, trying to find a reason to stand there so it wouldn't be obvious.
Liz then walked towards one of the buildings and disappeared inside.
OK, that's it, she'll be in there for a while. Time to go explore in the opposite direction.
And yet...
I was curious about what Liz was curious about.
I continued walking up the path until I reached the buildings. One was a shop selling adult toys and gear, another was a fast food station. The one Liz had gone into had a rustic wooden sign above the door:Hog Roast.
Cautiously, I crept up to the door and went in with a small group of other men. They all had raging boners, to match mine.
Inside, it was hot and humid, and my eyes nearly popped out of my skull at the sight.
The room was empty except for three wooden benches, and on each of them squatted a girl on all fours, being serviced at each end by a man. I could immediately tell that the one on the left was Liz.
Thankfully, she was facing away from me, with her head buried in the crotch of a man standing in front of her. At her other end, a man was ramming his cock into her. She could only have gotten here a few minutes ahead of me, and she was already being spit-roast on a table!
I stayed back in the audience of men (and, I noticed, a few women) taking in the sights. The heat combined with the smell of wood flooring and sex, to form a heady air. Each of the girls was clearly having the time of their lives, lost in the sheer luxurious pleasure of taking two dicks at a time. The other two girls were hot in their own right, but my eyes were on Liz, and the small queue of men at either end.
The man fucking her from behind grunted, shoved himself deep into Liz, and came. After a few moments, he pulled out, and his sperm slopped out of Liz's freshly-fucked pussy, into a small puddle forming on the table. I had a perfect view of my sister's pussy and ass (still plugged). She was still busy sucking dick at the other end. She wiggled her hips as if to sayget on with itornext!
She didn't have to wait long. The next man in line got into position and drove his cock inside. Liz let out a groan as the man sank into her snatch.
My own cock was groaning and leaking under the intense vision of my sister Liz getting fucked.
The man at her face must have finished in her mouth, because he pulled out and gave way to yet another man, who immediately held her by the head and began fucking her throat. I felt the urge to rush over and shouthey, not so rough, that's my sister!but couldn't bring myself to announce my presence, and it soon became clear that Liz was enjoying it.
The crowd shifted as men milled around, inspecting the girls. I found myself being moved along with them, closer to Liz. I now had a more side-on view. I watched her tits bounce back and forth in time with the pounding she was receiving.
"Hey, are you the back of the line?" a guy said to me suddenly.
I could see how it would look that way. There were only a couple of guys between me and Liz now.
"Uh, you go ahead," I said to him.
"No, it's fine," he said, "you were here first."
The line dropped to one, as the current guy finished in her pussy, and gave way to the next. I felt like I was being railroaded forward. I was now within touching distance of my sister's ass cheek, watching a stranger's cock thrust in and out of her pussy. The guy played with her butt plug, giving it a teasing little pull. Liz moaned as he tweaked it while continuing to fuck her. The sight must have triggered the guy in her mouth, who began to moan himself, clearly unloading sperm down her throat. He pulled out, and in a brief moment of panic, I realized there was nobody at that end to replace him. She could turn around and see me, standing right there! I dodged to stand directly behind the guy who was fucking her and teasing her ass. Fortunately, someone stepped up to the mark and pressed his thick cock between her lips, regaining her attention and pinning her head facing away from me.
The guy in front of me was down to the short thrusts. I saw his glutes tense up as his orgasm arrived. He pumped his load into Liz's pussy, then pulled back and walked away.
I was next in line.
The bustle of the room urged me forward.
I was standing there, staring into my sister's fucked pussy and plugged ass. Cum dripped out of her cunt obscenely. I had lost track of how many guys she had taken. Even her tight 18 year old snatch was looking just a little gaped.
My sister was right before me, presenting like a bitch in heat, waiting for cock.Anycock. Her head was completely distracted, bouncing on dick, hungrily trying to suck more cum into her mouth at the other end.
She would never know, I thought.
Besides, haven't I already been inside this pussy today?I rationalized.
The angel of my better self appeared to me.
Look at you, you depraved pervert. Standing there with your raging hard-on almost poking at the entrance to your sister's pussy. It's disgusting! How could you even consider it? Yes, I know she's desperate to be fucked. Look, she's wiggling her hips at you, telling you to get on with it. But you can't! You're her brother! She thinks she's having a hot anonymous gang bang, not a perverted incestuous hookup with her sibling!
"Get on with it, fuck that slampig pussy!" came the voice of the guy in line behind me.
I bolted. I couldn't do it. Accidentally was one thing, purposefully fucking your own sister was quite another. I slipped away into the audience. I looked back. Liz was looking upward, taking the next load to the face. The guy from behind me in the line had already got his cock into her pussy.
I left the building, cock harder and more frustrated than ever. It raged at me, cursing me for turning down hot slippery pussy. But I walked into the sunlight with the last remaining shred of my integrity intact.
I decided enough was enough. I had to come clean to Liz. It was burning me up inside that we had fucked on the Carousel, and that I knew it, and she didn't. I found a nearby shower block, and turned the tap to cold.
Under the jet of what felt like icy water, I cleansed the sweat and the smell of sex from my body, and my cock retreated just a little. I was still desperately horny and craving release, and I had come to the right place, but I couldn't bring myself to join in with the spit-roasting of the other girls for fear of Liz spotting me, and for fear that I would be looking at Liz while I did it, imagining it was her.
I walked off, wet and sprayed with sunblock, and found a grassy, shady park area with sunloungers, opposite the wooden frontier area. I decided to have that siesta. I selected the shadiest lounger, and lay back, and closed my eyes.


"Hey sleepy head," called a familiar voice. "I brought you a slushie."
I blinked my eyes open.
"What time is it?" I asked, slowly waking up.
"Just gone 4," said Liz, standing above me. "You been out for a while? I've been searching everywhere for you!"
"Yeah, I guess. Sorry Liz, I just needed a recharge. You been having fun?"
"Ohyeah," she said. "I can still taste it..."
Yeah, the taste of dozens of loads of cum, I bet.
Liz was standing proudly over me. I stared up at her perky breasts, enjoying the view from beneath. Her pussy was right next to my face.
"I went for a swim afterwards. Have you see the great pools they have?" she said.
"Nah, I don't think I've made it over to that side of the park," I replied, sitting up a little. My cock lay limply over my lower abdomen.
I stood up and stretched. This area was thinning out, with only a few couples nearby on their own recliners, enjoying the afternoon heat.
Liz handed me the drinks and pulled a lounger up alongside mine, then sat on it, with her knees up, and her arms wrapped around them. Again I was treated to a fine view of her pussy.
"It's so tranquil here. What a great spot. I could just drift off to sleep too, I think," she said.
I sat cross-legged on the lounger, facing her. We sipped our drinks, enjoying the ice cold refreshment.
I became aware that my balls were aching with unsatisfaction.
"Max, promise me we can come back here again?" she said, imploringly.
"Hah, are you kidding? I can see us becoming regulars," I replied, truthfully.
"It can be our thing. Nobody else needs to know. Just Max and Liz, theme park maniacs, taking a vacation from real life," she continued. "I'm so happy right now Max. This is just bliss, and I feel so safe knowing you're here."
That little gnawing sensation of guilt in my stomach began to growl.
She really did trust me implicitly.
I felt like I couldn't betray her any longer. I had to tell her. I tried to replay what had happened earlier on the Carousel, in my mind, looking for the best way to break it to her. My traitorous cock betrayed my thoughts and began to stiffen.
"Liz, uh..." I started.
"Max?" she said, expectantly.
She was all ears.
"Liz, you know earlier, when you went off and said you were going to ride Small World?" I said.
"Yeah?" she replied, puzzled.
"Well, there's a thing," I said.
Her puzzled look grew to one of concern.
"The thing is... well, I thought you were going to be off doing that. So... I..." I stalled.
I saw Liz's eyes flit down, noticing my growing dick. A smile grew on her face.
"So I... went on the carousel," I admitted.
There, it's out there. Done. Shit, why am I at full mast thinking about it?
"Oh awesome, so youdoknow what it was lik... wait..." she trailed off.
Her face went blank, then a brief look of came over her (was it panic?). She looked at my cock, then back up and stared into my eyes.
"You mean..." she started. "You mean you were on the ride right then, just after we split up?"
I nodded.
"The one that finished just before we met up?" she continued.
I kept nodding.
"You were on the carousel... at the same time as..." she drifted. The pieces of the puzzle must now have been complete in her mind.
"So we must have... Fuck," she said.
Liz put her feet down and crossed her legs, defensively closing off my view of her pussy. I was frozen in position, upright with seven inches of hard cock protruding obscenely. There was nothing I could do to cover it up.
"Liz, I didn't know!" I tried to explain. "I thought you were on Small World! I'm so sorry Liz, I couldn't have known."
It was Liz's turn to stall, evidently wondering what move to make next. I didn't have any ideas. What do you do when admitting you've just accidentally fucked your sister?
"Which one were you?" she said, replaying in her own mind.
"I don't know, we didn't get numbers or anything. I was the one with this!" I said, framing my cock with both hands. "It's been on display all day! Didn't you recognize it?"
"No! Didn't you recognize my pussy? You've had a good look too!" she retorted, not quite angry, but still defensive.
"No, it was such dim lighting, and I was just lying back and enjoying it for the most part," I said.
"Yeah..." she said, neutrally, then changed her tone. "For the most part? You mean there were some parts you didn't enjoy?"
"No, I just meant my focus wasn't on doing pussy ID!" I said.
"Hmm, OK," she said. "So you enjoyed it all?"
"Yeah, I guess," I said, wondering where she was going with this.
"And since you don't know which one was me, I guess you're saying that... you must have enjoyed it... with me," she said, logically.
"Uh, yeah. I mean, shit, yeah, of course, I'm only human," I explained.
I decided this wasn't entirely fair.
"And what about you? You seem to have enjoyed it too?" I challenged.
Liz was staring at my erection, licking her lips.
"I fucked my brother..." she said, vacantly. "And yeah, I enjoyed it."
We sat in silence for a moment.
"Did you cum?" she asked.
"Yeah, I did. Did anyone cum in you?" I asked back.
"Uh-huh, at least two guys I think," she confirmed. "So one of them could have been you."
She was looking me right in the eyes.
"Wait, I think it was something like the 15th woman where I came," I said, trying to work this out. "So when did you first get cummed in?"
I could see Liz trying recollect.
"I don't know, it was probably some point after about 10 dicks," she said. "And I guess I was focused on getting myself off so wasn't totally paying attention to the guys."
"And did you get yourself off?" I asked.
"Mmm-hmm. Oh yes, a few times," she said. For the first time in a few minutes a slightly more pleasant look came across her face, as she remembered her orgasms.
"Where does that leave us?" I asked.
"Well, you've definitely had your dick inside me, and youmighthave cum inside me, and Imighthave cum on you at the same time..." she reckoned.
"No, I mean... where does that leaveus!" I asked.
"Oh... well..." she attempted.
She stared at me in silence.
"I guess we just have to chalk it up to accident, right?" she rationalized. "I mean, neither of us would have done it intentionally, right?"
She was now looking at my hard cock again. She hoisted herself up into the chair again and resumed her previous position - knees up, slightly spread. As she wedged her feet in, I watched her pussy lips part. My sister's pussy. The one I had fucked, without either of us knowing.
"Look, are you mad I told you?" I asked.
"Mad?" she said, thinking for a moment.
"Oh Max, of course I'm not mad. I know you didn't mean to, and I hope you knowIdidn't mean to! We came here to have fun, right? And did you have fun?" she asked.
"Yeah, I mean, I sure did," I said.
"And so did I! Let me lay my cards on the table - I've taken God knows how many dicks today and I fuckin' loved them all. And if one of them was yours then... whatever. We weren't to know," she said, overflowing with honesty.
I was so relieved.
"Liz, you're the best. I was so worried I'd done something that would damage our relationship. And yeah, for my part, I loved it too."
"Haha, yeah, I can tell," she said, watching my cock intently. Her hand drifted down to her pussy and brushed over it.
"Hey, why don't we change the subject and try to forget about this?" I said.
"Max, I don't want to forget about it. What happened, happened," she said. Her hand was still over her pussy, just resting there idly.
"Have you been wearing that plug all this time?" I asked, suddenly with a thought.
"Yeah, why?" she said.
"It's just, I don't remember seeing it on you when we... you know," I said.
"Were you paying attention? Were you looking from the right angle to see it anyway?" she said.
"No, I guess I could have missed it," I admitted. "But... wouldn't I have felt it? Like, through your vaginal wall."
I had Liz's attention now. Was there a possibility, somehow, that wehadn'tactually fucked?
"I don't know, would you? What does it feel like to fuck someone who's wearing a butt plug?" she said.
"I have no idea, I've never done it," I said. "Well, until you. I think."
"This is only a small one, look," she said, and to my surprise and delight, she reached further down, gripped the plug by its jewel end, and slipped it out with a pop. Her asshole shrank quickly back to a tight wink. The plug was narrow and short, barely more than a thumb.
"See? I'm not sure you would necessarily have been able to feel this," she hypothesized, turning the plug in her hand, showing it off to me. "I guess there's one way to find out."
What?
"What do you mean Liz?" I asked.
"Watch," she said. With a casual air, she slipped a finger inside her vagina and probed for a while. "OK, so that's what it feels like without the plug."
She then pressed the plug against her asshole and slowly slipped it back in. She kept her finger inside her vagina.
"OK, I cankind offeel it from this side as it goes in," she said, rummaging her finger around. "And yeah, I guess I can tell it's there if I know where to press."
I noticed that her nipples were hard, to match my cock which was enjoying this display.
"I don't know, perhaps I have an advantage trying this with my own finger. How does a pussy feel to your cock? Is it sensitive enough to tell the difference between different pussies?" she asked, genuinely curious.
"Oh yeah, every pussy is different. But that's what makes this impossible to tell. Maybe your pussy felt different because of the plug, maybe it felt different just because it was a different pussy!" I said.
"Why don't you have a feel?" she suggested with a wanton look. "Just with your finger."
"What, you want me to put my finger in?" I said, shocked.
"Yeah, I mean you've already had your cock in, and this is just an experiment, right?" she said.
"But it's an experiment to figure out whether I definitely would have noticed your butt plug, and if the answer is yes, and I didn't notice anything on the carousel, then that means we somehowdidn'tfuck, and that means me fingering you would be a massive new thing!" I argued.
"Max, I'm not asking you tofingerme. Just put it in once, feel for the difference, and then take it out - experiment over."
I had to admit that my protests were failing to convince even myself. I was somehow quite happy to conduct this little test.
I got up. It didn't escape her attention that my dick was pointing right at her.
I knelt down and she spread her legs wider so I could see what I was doing. Her pussy was intoxicating. Pink, moist, and with a large clit peeping out of its hood. It smelled of raw sex. With a mixture of confidence and desire, I pushedtwofingers into her.
"Hey, I saidafinger, not two!" she protested.
"Yeah but my dick's a lot bigger than my finger. It wouldn't be a proper test," I argued.
"Fair enough. Go on then, feel around. Feel familiar?" she asked.
"Well, it feels like a tight pussy for sure," I said. She smiled.
"And can you feel the plug?" she asked.
I moved my fingers around some more, pushing them deeper, feeling the inner walls of her tight wet tunnel. She sighed as I stroked her from the inside. I wasn't sure what I was feeling for.
"I'm not sure. Maybe?" I said.
"OK, take it out and see if you can feel the difference," she said, spreading her legs even wider.
"You want me to take it out?" I asked.
"Sure, go ahead, I can't do it with you in the way there," she said, rightly.
I brought my other hand up and grabbed the end of the plug, pulling on it. Her sphincter resisted briefly, and I saw it stretch open over the widest point of the plug, which then slid out easily, with her tight hole closing over it as it withdrew.
"Uhhh," said Liz with a sigh. She seemed to enjoy that.
I continued pushing my fingers in and out of my sister's slick vagina, simulating a fucking motion, trying to feel for any difference.
"I don't know, maybe it's different, it's so hard to tell. And honestly, I definitely wouldn't have been paying this much attention back in the carousel," I reported, without stopping the motion of my fingers.
"So we probably fucked," she concluded.
"Almost certainly. You saw how that thing worked. Everybody got their turn," I said, still slowly pushing two fingers in and out of her pussy.
"Uh-huh," she said.
"Nope, definitely can't feel the plug now," I joked, starting a slight twisting motion as I penetrated her. One of her hands moved up to her breast and began to play with her nipple. The other moved closer to her pussy, resting on her mons.
"You want me to put it back in?" I asked.
"Yeah, do it," she said, as her hand crept closer to her pussy.
I pushed the green jewel plug against her ass and pressed firmly.
"Ohh. Mmmmm," said Liz. She was getting seriously worked up.
The plug passed its widest point and popped inside her.
"There we go, safe and sound," I said. "Does that feel comfortable?"
Liz's hand reached out and touched her clit. I continued my steady finger-fucking. She hadn't told me to stop. Her signals were telling me the opposite.
"Yeah... yeah it does," she said, a little lost. I watched her fingers trace gentle circles over her clit. She hadn't acknowledged that she had begun masturbating, but I had a ringside seat.
"So I guess that concludes the experiment," I said, open-endedly.
"Yeah, we're definitely done," she said.
I didn't stop. She didn't ask me to. For a few moments only the gentleshlick-shlickof my probing fingers could be heard.
"What did we learn?" I said, trying to prolong the little dance of plausible deniability.
"We... huhhh... we definitely fucked," she said unsteadily. "I definitely sat on your cock."
"There's one thing we don't know though," I said, maintaining the rhythm of my fingering.
"What's that?" she asked through short breaths.
"We don't know whether I came inside you," I said.
"Or whether I... came.... on your cock," she said, starting to buck her hips.
"I guess we'll never know for sure," I said, with only one goal now in mind, any guilt a distant memory.
"Yeah... total... mystery," she panted. "I'm... I'm trying to remember all the dicks. Trying to remember their shape and... and size."
She was now rubbing her clit vigorously, in an open display of self-pleasure.
"Mmmm, they were all so good. Sliding down them... filling me up," she moaned.
"Seems you like that full feeling," I said, looking at the plug.
"God yeah," said Liz. "Filled up... the thick ones are the best."
"You mean thick ones like mine?" I said, guiding her.
"Fuck yeah," she said, grinding her clit and fucking back onto my fingers. "Big thick dicks like yours."
"Stretching you out?" I prompted.
Liz let out a guttural moan.
"Ohhhh yes, like that. Yeah, thick hard cocks, hard like yours has been all fucking day."
"I can't help being thick and hard," I said softly.
"Don't apologize," she said, in the throes of pleasure. "I loved it. Filling me up, stretching me out. Never... apologize. Your thick dick... it was inside me... I felt it all Max, your thick fucking dick up my cunt."
She was ravenous and raving, seemingly mostly to herself. Her eyes were closed.
"Fuck, don't stop," she exhaled. "Don't fucking stop. Get it in deeper. Yeah... yeah... I fucked your thick fucking dick. I had it up me, Max. Your dick, your fucking thick hard dick. Don't stop. We fucked Max, we fucked. You were in me Max. You and your beautiful fucking dick."
I just watched in awe as she fantasized and frigged and bucked.
"Your cock, Max. You fucked me with your cock," she repeated.
"I did, Liz. We fucked and we didn't even know it," I said. "I had my dick up in you. I felt you from the inside. I'm feeling you from the inside."
"You fucked me Max. You're fucking me, Max. You pushed that... fat fucking...dickof yours up into me and we fucked," she managed to get out between breaths, seemingly getting off to every filthy word.
I increased the pace of my finger fucking to a proper pounding speed.
"Your beautiful dick, Max. Your gorgeous dick. Don't tell me you haven't seen me looking, Max. Its girth, its... fucking beautiful perfect size, Max. It fitted so well Max. Your dick, Max, it's like it was the perfect fit," she said, almost delirious. "Made for me. Made for each other. You fucked me with your dick."
Did she remember it now? Was this fantasy or memory?
I was fucking her furiously now with my fingers, and she was a wild animal.
"Hhhhnnng, Max, I'm going to... I'm going to cum... on your fucking fingers. I came on your fucking dick. I'm going to cum on it. On your fucking dick. You're fucking me, Max. Your thick fucking dick, is fucking me. Fuck me. I'm so close. Fuck me. Don't stop. Fuck me. Give it to me."
She was making no sense.
"Max, your fucking dick. I came on it. I came on your dick, I'm sure of it. I need it. Don't stop. Fuck me. Finger-fuck me. Don't stop finger-fucking me... with your fucking dick. Fuck me, now. Max, fuck me with your fin... with your fing... with your...thick fucking dick."
Was she high on pleasure or did she mean it? I immediately found out as she grabbed my hand and pulled it away.
"Get up here and fuck me, Max," she said, suddenly as clear as clear could be.
She pulled on my hand and I stood up. She got up on the lounger on her knees, ass pushed into the air, face down against the fabric. She reached round and spread her ass cheeks apart. I moved in, placing my burning cock head at her entrance.
"No, Max, take it out. Take it out first," she said, deliriously.
"Take it...?" I said, then realized she meant the plug.
I grabbed that little green jewel butt plug and eased it out, tossing it aside. Her impossible tight ass shrank down to zero as it closed. I was back at the gateway to her pussy, hard cock now finally touching her, finally with permission that I had lacked back at the hog roast.
"No Max, not there," she said, with longing.
"There," she said, pulling her ass cheeks wider apart.
"Fucking do it, Max." she said with desperation. "Put your cock in my ass, Max. I've been saving it for you all day."
Holy shit. My little sister begging me to fuck her in the ass.
I replaced her hands on her ass cheeks with mine, and spat on her hole. I pressed the tip of my cock against it. She bit down on her wristband as I pushed against her tight sphincter.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh FUCK..." she cried out as my cockhead popped through her ring. "Don't stop! Push it in!"
I plunged into her possibly-virgin ass, ramming my thick cock up to the hilt, balls deep.
She let out a shriek of pleasure.
"Yes! Fucking yes, Max, that's it, that's the one. I fucking need it Max. Fuck me, fuck me now."
I dutifully obeyed my rampant sister.
"Oh yes, your thick dick. I remember it now. I remember this one. This was the one. This was the one I came on... God yes... fuck me, Max. Fuck your fucking sister!"
Her obscenity was driving me close to the edge.
"Max, give it to me, give me all of it. I want it. I waited all day for it. I kept the plug in to keep it off limits. While those other girls were getting anal fucked on the benches, I kept my ass for you, Max. I'm so close, are you close? Are you close to cumming? I'm so fucking close."
With a hand moved round to rub her clit, she was completely absorbed in the pleasure of our fucking. I fucked her with all the force and skill I could muster. My own fucking sister! How had it come to this? Fucking my own sister for the second time today - this time, both of us fully aware. My cock strained for release and her ass gripped me tightly.
"Max, you're fucking me. You're fucking your sister, Max. Do you have any idea how hot that is? I knew it all along, Max. I knew you had gotten on that ride, Max, I saw you! That's why I doubled back, Max! To be with you! Knowing it was the... hnnngh... the only way to get you without you realizing... Oh fuck. Cum for me Max, I want you to cum inside me. Cum inside your sister, Max. Spurt it up inside me. I want to feel you blow your load, bust your nut... empty those balls Max, into your sister's... fucking... asshole," she grunted as she approached her peak. "Yes. YES! YESSSS! Oh Max, fuck me... fuck... me... your dick, Max... your thick... fucking... fuck me... fuck... dick... your hard dick, Max, your dick... dick... di..."
She worked herself up into a frenzy and over the edge, losing the power of speech as her orgasm washed over her. Her screwed-up eyes and pulsating asshole were too much for me - I blasted a jet of cum deep inside her and held my cock there, deep inside her, as I pumped my load right into my sister's ass, wave after wave, her juices running down my balls in our shared climax.
I realized I had my eyes closed.
Liz collapsed down onto the sun lounger, and I lay down on top of her, my cock still plugging her ass. My chest pressed into her back as we lay sweating and panting.
"Max," whispered Liz, trying to look over her shoulder at me.
"Liz," I replied.
"What the fuck have we just done?" she said.
"We just fucked," I explained calmly.
"We fucking did," she said with a growing smile. "Again."
I smiled back.
"Hey, we don't know that for sure," I said.
"Iknowwe did, I knew all along. I was just too afraid to say so. I thought you'd be... disgusted with me," she said, emotionally.
"Hey, hey..." I said, with a mixture of sympathy and defense. "I'mthe one who's been burning up inside all afternoon. Did you mean what you said? About wanting toget me, without me knowing?"
Liz was silent. She wriggled beneath me, stimulating my cock which was still buried in her behind.
"I..." she began, closing her eyes. "It's wrong, I know... I never planned it... but the second I saw you in the changing room, standing there in front of me, suddenly as a fully grown man - no longer the boy I knew... something animal inside me came alive. I saw your dick, and I... I lusted after it. When you went down on Candy, I was watching you Max. God, it was the hottest thing I've ever seen. I saw you kneel in front of her, and I saw your cock bursting at the seams while you licked her. I just wanted to get down there and give it the attention it deserved, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. That's why I sucked Jim's cock. Every second I was imaginging it was yours."
I hadn't pulled out yet, and at this rate, I was going to be hard again soon.
"Max, I had to go off exploring the park on my own, because I knew if I stayed with you it would only be a matter of time before I dropped to my knees and sucked your beautiful dick," she went on. "And in the restaurant, why do you think I was so keen to order theactiveingredients, and why do you think I licked Kiki's pussy? I wanted to turn you on Max, not just as a tease, but because I wanted to see you hard again! Your fucking dick Max, it's like a drug to me! God, you're getting harder inside me, Max!"
Now reinvigorated, I began to slowly pump my hips again, resuming a gentle fucking motion into her ass. Her creampied ass was slippery around my cock, but her tight hole kept it all sealed in.
"Mmmmmmm, Max, this is so wrong, but so right..." she purred.
"There's nothing wrong with this at all, Liz. We were always meant to be this way..." I said, almost believing myself, picking up a fucking rhythm again.
"Uhhhhhh.... Hnnnnnnngghhhh..." groaned Liz with each of my thrusts, as her asshole came under renewed assault.
"Liz, there's something else I need to tell you," I said.
"Tell me... but don't fucking stop," she said, with her eyes once again closed. She was flat out prone on the lounger while I drilled her ass.
"Liz, I saw you..." I said. "I... uhhhh... (fuck, your ass is so good)... I saw you at the hog roast."
"Fuuuuuuck yes, Max, oh fuck, you saw me?" she said, bucking her ass up to meet my thrusts.
"I saw you, yes. I was in the audience, watching you," I admitted.
Liz let out another deep sigh.
"You watched me... my brother was watching me getting railed..." she said, falling back into her semi-delirious state of sexual pleasure.
"I was so close, Liz," I said, reliving the moment and doing my best to make up for it now. "I was in the line, behind you."
"Oh fuck, oh fuck. My brother... lining up to fuck me," she cried.
"And I got to the front of the line, Liz, and... and... oh fuck... and I was right there, Liz. You wiggled your ass at me, Liz, and I was right there, just standing there with my hard dick pointed right at your dripping cum-soaked cunt."
"Oh God Max, yes... yes..." she panted, getting off on the picture I was painting, as well as on the anal penetration and the furious rubbing of her clit beneath her.
"I was tempted, oh God was I tempted. I'd never seen a sweeter sight than your wet fuckin' pussy right there for the taking," I continued. "But I couldn't Liz, I couldn't in good conscience do it."
"No, nooo," moaned Liz, "You should have, Max, you should have fucked me there and then. Should have... should have fucked me... like you're fucking me now. I was plugged for you, Max, I was waiting... saving my ass... You should have just fucking done it Max, popped that little thing out and taken me. Fuck Max, you have my permission, you always have my permission. Next time, Max... next time you get the chance to fuck me... you fucking do it!" she wailed as I stuffed her ass with my thick cock.
"No more fucking sneaking around, Max!" she cried. "Next time, you bring that dick to my fucking face where I can see you!"
She was off the rails on pleasure and deviance, and I was loving it. My own sweet sister, corrupted and debauched like this, desperate to be defiled by her own brother.
"I love how damn filthy you talk when you're horny, Liz," I said.
"I can't fucking help it Max, I'm just... I need... I need you so bad. Don't stop, please. Please don't stop..." she whimpered, her voice trailing off.
I fucked her with abandon, slapping my balls against her ass, bottoming out with her hole stretched wide around the base of my dick. Despite her tightness, my previous cum load was leaking out and smearing all around her firm round cheeks, my balls, her legs... we were a mess.
"Do it Max, cum for me," she begged. "I want your cum, now. In my ass, Max, cum in my ass!"
I was so worked up, I didn't need to be asked twice. With an almighty shuddered, I tensed up and my cock began spurting inside her.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" I cried.
Liz made unintelligible whimpering noises. Her asshole pulsed and contracted around my orgasming dick. I pinned her, hard, to the lounger, pressed as deep inside her as I could get, emptying my balls into her.
Liz kept rubbing herself. I was sure she had just cum with me, but she kept going, rubbing and flicking and probing at her clit with wild bucking, rocking motions. She was cumming again, and still she didn't stop. My cock finally began to deflate. I slipped it out, and her cummy hole gaped back at me. Free from my weight on her, she continued to writhe about, still rubbing, and still frantic. I watched both her holes spasm again as a third orgasm wracked her body. Cum flowed from her ass.
Finally, she subsided, breathless. For a minute, she just lay there like a pool of quivering jelly - satiated, melted, spent.
I sat back and admired my handiwork. God she was beautiful. The sticky mess around her backside only added to this still-life of lithe radiant youth and vigor.
She managed to turn herself over. Her front bore impressions of the buttons on the sun lounger from where she had been pressed hard into it.
She beamed a glorious smile at me.
"Why haven't we been doing this for years, Max?" she said, softly.
"Don't worry Liz, I'm sure we'll find ways of making up for lost time," I reassured her,
I resolved in that moment to do everything in my power to hold us to those words. And as the years went by, we held to them indeed. But that's another story.