"My God, baby; you have no idea how good you look with a cock in your mouth."
I reached down and fondled my wife's nipple while she sucked me. I always think Susan is beautiful, but in the bedroom, she rises to a whole other level.
Right now, I'm on my back in bed and she is across my body on all fours, her b-cup titties hanging straight down, accentuating their longer-than-wide shape. Pulling down on her big nipples stretches them further. This is beyond beauty, this is sexy, approaching lewd.
The view of her ass is equally hot. Her back has a naturally deep arch that does so much to display her ass to maximum advantage. And Susan's ass is fit, powerful, and padded just enough to smooth out the edges.
Each time her lips slide up the shaft of my cock, they are pulled slightly away from her face, adding to the salacious appearance of the act. I see lust in her eyes.
What can I say, I'm a very visual guy.
When she's satisfied she has sucked me to maximum hardness, she rises to her knees, swings a leg over me and starts fucking me reverse cowgirl. This gives me a clear view of her ass spread wide, showing me her enticing asshole as it winks at me with each downstroke. Her hungry pussy lips are gaped around my shaft, and I can see her juices ooze out around my cock, running down onto my tight ball sack. I'm moaning loudly now, warning of the imminent explosion. Leaning to one side, she lifts off me, spins on the still planted knee and remounts me in forward facing cowgirl.
"I want you looking into my eyes when you shoot your cum in me" she says.
Of all the sexy views I get of my wife, looking into her eyes as she comes is my absolute favorite. But this time I'm so close, she knows I'm not going to last long enough to bring her along with me. Then she stops moving. She sits upright atop me, studying my face. Once my breathing calms and my expression becomes less urgent, she pulls her shoulders back to accentuate another favorite view. When upright like this, her sexy titties jut out proudly, showing off their ski jump slope. At the end of each ramp, a fat nipple points out and slightly up, surrounded by big, dark areolas. The visual stimulation is too much. In a last-ditch attempt to stave off my orgasm, I do the unthinkable and close my eyes.
"Look at me Don. Open your eyes. No more stimulation for your cock. I want you to cum just from looking at me."
I'm at her mercy and I obediently open my eyes. I see her hands move from her hips to slowly travel up her torso. Coming to rest under her tits, she cups her hands and pulls her titties up and out, treating me to another raunchy display. She watches my face and sees my desperation building. Her hands stroke her tits from base to tip, milking them. Her tits have no milk to give, but my cock has cream, and she is milking it out as surely as if she were squeezing it. She flicks her nipples, showing me how hard they are. I can't stand it any longer. Delivering the coup de grace, she jiggles her tits and is rewarded with my warm spunk, which I pump into her pussy with all I've got.
"I don't know what I did to deserve that, but if you let me know, I promise I'll do it every day."
She swings off me and flops down on her back, snuggling up to me.
"I was just trying to pay you back for yesterday. And what you did then, was eat me out until I couldn't take it anymore. But I'm afraid if we keep trying to one-up each other, one of us is not going to survive."
"But what a way to go, eh?"
Fortunately for us, we're both healthy 28-year-olds whose libidos are keeping us fit as we enter our fifth year of wedded bliss. From early in our marriage, we took a lesson from older married couples we knew, who had grown complacent and allowed their sex lives to become stale. We vowed to talk about everything and stay tuned-in to each other. Nothing was off the table, nothing too embarrassing to discuss. Which is not to say every fantasy was embraced and pursued, only shared without fear of judgement. So, I just came out and asked her:
"What made you think of pulling me over the edge by my eyeballs like that?"
"It wasn't that hard to figure out. You're always telling me how excited you get watching my reactions when we fuck. And I know what kind of porn gets you going. You know, voyeur, cuckold, always with a man watching his woman get off."
"Yeah, that does top my list of biggest turn-ons."
"So... how come you've never actually talked about cuckold fantasies?"
"Because I don't have them. I mean, I like that the guy wants to watch his wife with another man, but I don't identify with the cucks."
"You mean because you don't have a small penis?"
"Yeah that, and so much more. I don't feel inadequate in bed. I certainly don't want you to see other men behind my back. And I don't want to participate in bed with another guy. I don't want to be forced to do things, to feel emasculated or humiliated, either by a bull or by you. The watching part is all I really get into, and that seems like such a small part of the cuckold experience."
"Yeah, I see that."
Clearly, Sue was ruminating. Her imagination had led us to try some fun things in the past, so I was patient.
"But youwouldlike to watch me with another man?"
"Oh God yes!"
"Isn't there some way we could experience at least a part of that fantasy?"
It seemed an innocent enough question on her part. In hindsight, I guess my response was a bit naive; but in my defense, I didn't know where this was headed.
"Isn't it as easy as finding the right guy to invite into our bedroom?"
"Heh... no. No, definitely not. Look - you know I've always been up for trying just about anything sexual with you, butyouis the operative word in that sentence. I have no interest in doing things with some other guy."
"That would seem to put an end to the discussion, doncha think?"
"Not necessarily. I just feel like if I'm going to put myself out there for you, it's only fair you extend yourself for me."
"Uh, I guess you're driving here, because I still don't know where we're going."
"I don't either, not really. I'm just thinking through this as I talk. I know it's kind of scary for me -- the idea of having a strange guy in our home. I feel like I'd want an extra degree of control over what happens, maybe some way to keep things from getting out of hand. As far as how you might extend yourself for me, I've got a kink I'd love for us to dip our toes in, just to see what we think."
"Now you're talkin'! A new kink sounds promising. What do you have in that dirty little mind?"
She took a deep breath, then it just tumbled out:
"I'd like to watch you as well, but not with another woman."
"Oh no. No-no-no-no-no. I have no interest in doing things with some other guy."
"You do realize, don't you; those are the exact words I said about your fantasy."
"Actually, no, I didn't. Regardless, your act would be done with your preferred gender. Not mine. Big difference."
"You're right, which is why I'm willing to give you complete control over which acts are chosen."
Choosing acts? What the hell was she envisioning here?
"Ask yourself: is there anything -- any one single sexual act -- that you want to watch me do with another man. And you want to watch thatsomuch, that you would be willing to letmewatchyoudo the same thing with him first? If there is, we start with that one. Once we both have experienced the first round, we can talk it over and decide if we want to continue."
This gave me a lot to think about. There were so many things that I wanted to watch her do with another man. But I eliminated every one that came to mind as soon as I tried to imagine doing the same thing with the guy. So I tried to approach it from the opposite tack. What sexual act would I be willing to perform with a guy, that would not be all that objectionable to me, but would be hot to watch my wife do with the same guy. I knew I didn't want the guy touching me, and I certainly didn't want to touch him. Then it hit me -- I could masturbate in front of him. It might not be exciting, but it wouldn't be that bad. All guys know what that looks like, so I reasoned that me performing the act wouldn't be that sexually charged for him or me, but it sure would be when it was Sue's turn.
"OK, I'm in." I told her.
"Whoa, that was quick! I guess you came up with one. What is it?"
"I'm not sure I want to tell you yet. You said you were giving me complete control, right? That means you're willing to do anything I do, so why do you need to know what it is ahead of time?"
"Hmmm. Alright; for now, anyway."
It was a grudging concession, and I knew why. You don't have to read much porn before you develop an awareness of the power in that one word:anything. Now I was starting to appreciate how much control Sue was giving me, and it was getting me hard. We had plenty to occupy our thoughts while waiting for sleep to come.
Over breakfast he next morning, we were both occupied with trying to figure out who "the other man" would be. How to choose him. What qualities we preferred. We left for our respective jobs with the same mental task. By that evening we were both ready to share thoughts.
"He's got to be sexy. Attractive, but mostly sexy." Sue offered.
"I completely understand why that would be important to you. it's just not important to me. So I guess that's one you get to decide on your own."
"And he should be bisexual."
"Why? I'm not entertaining anything that would require that."
"Yes, but baby, youaregoing to be doingsomethingwith him, so I think it would be best if he were comfortable in front of another man. If you choose something that pushes your boundaries, that could be exciting for both of us. But there's no reason to push his boundaries. We want him to be enthusiastic, not reluctant or uncomfortable."
Wait a minute, I thought. She just told me that pushing my boundaries with another guy could be exciting for her. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. I wasn't ready to hear more, so I elected to just move on.
"I guess you're right. In that case, I think we're also looking for kinky. Same reason."
"I spent most of my day mentally sorting through a list of friends and acquaintances, but none of them are bi or kinky, at least as far as I know."
"Agreed. So I think we're down to the internet. Do we search or advertise?"
"Advertise. I think we're looking for someone who's pretty far from the herd, if you know what I mean."
Once we had talked it out, it didn't take long to come up with our wanted ad:
25 y/o husband and wife seek bi male, 21-35 y/o, to help us explore. Must have 6"+, kinky mind, willingness to go slow and follow direction
We knew the last part would drastically reduce our responses and might turn off some potentially acceptable candidates. But it would also weed out the hookup artists and scammers, which was an acceptable tradeoff. We were in no hurry.
Once the ad was placed, all that remained was to monitor the dating app for responses. As the weeks passed, it was easy to forget the ad was out there, and it was close to 2 months before we got our first response. Knowing how long we might need to wait for another, we were inclined to approve of this guy before even meeting him. We decided that if the meeting went well, we wanted to be ready to take the next step that same night. Arguably a bigger decision for Sue, given that she had no idea what I wanted us to do with him. I think the fact that he was young (22) and seemed attractive (or as Sue put it -- hot!) had a lot to do with it.
After some chats and a brief Skype call, we arranged to meet Kyle at a local pub. We arrived early and snagged a back corner booth. Sue wore a conservative blouse over a mid-thigh skirt. I was in khakis and a polo. Kyle arrived right on time, and we waved him over. I stood up to shake his hand. I got a good feeling about him from the start.
"Hi Kyle, I'm Don, and this is Sue. Please, have a seat." He sat on the end next to Sue and across from me.
"Hi Don, Sue. How are you two doing?"
"A little nervous, I suppose. We've never included anyone into our playtime before, so this is a big step for us."
"I understand. I've been with a few other couples before, and I know it can be hard to establish a comfort level. Hopefully I can help with that. I realize I'm young, but I am fortunate to have learned a lot early on, thanks to a considerably older woman who took me under her wing and... shall we say, showed me the ropes."
The waitress came over and took Kyle's drink order. It seemed she also found him appealing, based on her quick appraisal and their brief interaction. Having previously chatted about the dynamic we envisioned; we explained our thinking in greater detail, including the fact that while I was to be in control of how things progressed, it would be my first time doing anything with another man, and I was somewhat uneasy about that. He was surprised by that, and we talked at some length about it. He was clearly intrigued, but at the same time, also reticent. He explained he was concerned about getting involved in any kind of coercive situation. I confessed that while my participation was at Sue's insistence, anything I did would not only be completely my choice, it would actually be my idea. That seemed to satisfy him and his interest level increased. He now directed the conversation.
"There are a few more things to iron out. Since the step-by-step nature of our arrangement will necessitate multiple visits to your home, I'd like to make sure each visit will be substantial. Toward that end, I propose that once Don and I have interacted, Sue and I will enjoy the same interaction during the same visit. The possibility of taking two steps in the same visit would be something I would favor, but of course that would be completely your decision."
Sue and I agreed that sounded reasonable. In fact, I was encouraged that Kyle was considering logistics we had not thought to discuss.
"Before each visit, Don and I will discuss what will happen, and perhaps a little about how it will happen, just to preserve the natural feel of our interactions. After all, none of us would be happy if this became an erotic version of Simon Says. I will honor your wishes and limits; but within those constraints, I will retain the freedom to improvise and incorporate my own desires. In short, we should all do our best to diminish the artificial construct of our relationship and enjoy our time together as something natural. At this point I will excuse myself to the restroom while you two decide whether you would like to include me in your adventure. For my part, I'm ready."
With that, Kyle got up and left us to confer. I doubt he had time to straddle the urinal before we reached our decision. I started:
"I like him. You?"
"Yes. Let's do it!"
"Deal."
When Kyle returned, rather than retake his previous seat, he asked if I could get up and let him sit in the middle. Once seated, he asked if we had made a decision.
"We have, Kyle." I said. "We'd like to invite you to our house to play with us. Tonight, if possible."
"Ha ha ha. That's a bit quicker than I anticipated, but my night is free, so why not? But first, I'd like to propose a few preliminaries. To start with, I offer a goodwill gesture. You two have impressed me with the care you've shown in your approach, but you never want to forget that dating apps are ripe with fraud, and one of the most common is men who lie about their 'qualifications'. While I was in the men's room, I took the liberty to prepare my presentation."
Before I registered what was happening, Kyle had unfastened his pants, raised his hips and slid his pants and underwear down to mid-thigh, displaying an impressive erection underneath the table. He then placed both his arms behind us along the top of our booth, allowing us an unobstructed view of the goods. I quickly scanned the room to make sure no one else was able to see what we could. No one was nearby, and I realized Kyle could easily slump down and hide everything below the table in an instant. Looking down again, there was no question he exceeded 6". I knew because that's what I'm packing, and he was clearly bigger than me. Closer to 7" and a bit thicker as well. I looked at Sue and her smile left no doubt. It hit me that it had already started -- I was watching my wife with another man. If this was any indication of what awaited us, I was about to be one happy camper. Kyle broke the silence:
"Judging from Sue's expression, I'd say I qualify. Don, you seem to be staring at Sue. Did you get a good look?"
"Uh, yeah. That's... very nice. I mean, fine. Thanks."
He pulled his pants back up with a satisfied smile.
"Now if you don't mind, Don, would you be so kind as to tell me what tonight's activity will involve?"
"Sure." I looked at Sue. "Tonight, Susan and I will be masturbating for you."
"Splendid! And hopefully you'll be doing it for yourselves as well! Ha ha ha."
Susan had just heard my plan for the first time. We had previously masturbated together, although neither while the other simply watched, and certainly never in front of a third party. I couldn't read much in her face, beyond a brief widening of her eyes as the initial realization hit.
"Given your choice, I propose you each offer your own goodwill gesture. Call it a dry run, if you will. Although there is no requirement either of you remain dry. In fact, I hope that is specificallynotthe case for Susan. Don, I believe you start the festivities. Please, expose yourself to us as I just did. I'd like you to arouse yourself sufficiently to demonstrate your willingness to commit. Please begin at your convenience."
I saw Sue looking at Kyle and could now read something new: she was smiling again, and this time she seemed impressed. I think she admired this young stud's confidence and willingness to take charge. I wasn't sure how I felt about that, given that I was supposed to be the one "in control" here.
I then looked at Kyle and suddenly had a new appreciation of what was about to happen. Up until now I had regarded him as any other guy I might meet. He seemed nice, personable, and okay - even handsome. But now he was a man who was waiting to get a look at my cock, and then watch me stroke it. And his look did not suggest the distain I might expect from most men in this situation. Indifference would have been another "normal" attitude. Instead, I was sensing satisfaction and anticipation of arousal. It was unsettling, and not only because it was unexpected. It was unsettling because I found I liked it. A part of me wanted this man to see my penis and watch me stroke it. I knew it would arouse him and that made me feel good. What the fuck?
When he made his proposal, my immediate thought was that he was going to see me start off flaccid, and I was a grower, not a shower. I didn't like the idea that his first look at me would be unimpressive, and wondered how long it would take me to even get hard. Now I took a quick look around, then lowered my pants just as Kyle had done. In the time it had taken for him to complete his thought and for me to register their expressions, my dick had gotten halfway hard. I took it in hand and began to slowly stroke. It felt so exciting, simply being here in public with my dick out. But it wasn't just out. I was jacking it, while this man sitting right next to me was watching me do it. And he was getting off on the fact that I was doing it. For him. It was a total mind-fuck!
I looked at Sue. Her mouth hung open. I saw her scan the room nervously, then resume watching me. It felt more comforting for me to look at Sue watching me. Looking at Kyle felt disquieting. So why was I looking at him again? I knew it was contributing far more to the complete hardening of my erection. I closed my eyes and started to get into a rhythm. My strokes came faster, my grip tightened, and I just as it started to feel really good, Kyle said:
"Stop. These are supposed to be coming attractions, Don. Let's save the main feature for later."
Somewhat reluctantly, I tucked myself back into my pants and regained my composure. Kyle leaned over and whispered in my ear:
"Thank you, Don. That was very erotic."
To Sue he said: "I thought he did good. What about you?"
"I agree! He did really good."
"No, Sue. What aboutyou?"
Just that quickly, the spotlight had swung over to her. Still basking in the praise of my performance, I now eagerly awaited the Sue show. Sue was experiencing that final realization that I had so recently gone through myself. She started as I had, with a furtive look across the room. Wearing a skirt, her exposure took considerably less effort, but to her credit, she drew it out. She raised the hem of her skirt slowly, while Kyle and I both watched with lascivious interest. I can't describe how provocative it was -- the way she revealed her crotch, covered in pink lace panties. They weren't casual wear for her. Had she anticipated something like this? No, I remember now; she had dressed for how we hoped this evening might end.
She pulled her panties to one side and placed her finger directly over her clit. By the time I could stop staring at her bare snatch long enough to steal a glance up, her eyes were already locked on Kyle's. It hurt a little, but I couldn't look away. They had only just met. How could she harbor such intense feeling for him? Only when I recognized her building pleasure did I look back down at her hand. It was now moving very slightly, tracing small circles over her button. She brought the leg nearer to Kyle up farther, which had the effect of turning her hips to face us. It also spread her legs wider, parting her lips and showing us more of her beautiful pussy. Her breath became audible as the same finger slid down the length of her slit, then back up to her clit. On the third trip south, she pushed one finger in -- just one knuckle deep. Then back out and up. Another few vertical trips and her finger was two knuckles in. The entire length of her pussy glistened.
"Susan, perhaps you should stop now?"
Kyle's words seemed to snap her out of wherever she had gone. She re-centered her panties, pulled down her skirt and smoothed it over her lap. She brought her hand above the table; the middle finger slick with her juice. As she moved the finger toward her mouth, Kyle reached for her wrist.
"May I?" he asked.
She smiled, nodded, and let him take it into his mouth. He sucked on it for several seconds before giving it back.
"Delicious. I'll have to try an entree here sometime. The appetizers are incredible."
We all had some time to cool down as he followed us back to our house. This being Kyle's first time in our home, it felt like Sue and I were once more in familiar roles, being hospitable, making our guest feel comfortable. We were all seated on the L-shaped sofa with our beverage of choice. It felt normal, like getting acquainted with a new neighbor. Until he said:
"This seems like a perfectly fine place to sit and watch someone masturbate. What do you two think? Would you prefer the bedroom, or would you like to perform for me here?"
Was it just the incongruous nature of the situation, or did Kyle have a talent for saying things in a way that got me horny? I knew I would be jacking off, butperforming? And doing itfor him? Once again, I didn't have to be concerned about him seeing me flaccid. Sue seemed excited to get things revved back up.
"I'm good with right here. Don?"
"Here's fine for me, but I think I'd like some lube."
I didn't often use lube to jerk off, mainly because it was typically a quick act, done to relieve an urgent need. That wasn't the case today, but a lengthy session was certainly possible.
"I'll get it!" Sue said, jumping up and running into the bedroom. Over her shoulder she added "I need a minute in the bathroom too -- be right back!"
Kyle took the opportunity to confide in me:
"What you are about to do is a big step for you, and I just want you to know that I understand that. I appreciate the gift you are giving me, and it means more to me because of what it means to you."
On one level that seemed nothing more than kindness; an empathetic gesture designed to ease any anxiety I might be feeling. But deeper down, his reminder of how significant this was for me now clashed with how I had been regarding it. When I had decided on this as our first act, my thinking had been: it's no big deal, I jerk off all the time -- all guys do. I was sure Kyle would feel the same. And it's not gay; no contact between us. I could easily pretend he wasn't even in the room. That attitude was becoming increasingly hard to hold on to.
Sue returned and handed me the lube, then jumped back onto the sofa.
I kicked off my shoes, pulled off my socks and stood up. I was centered on the long side of the sectional; Kyle was in the corner and Sue was on the short side. I turned sideways to face them. I pulled off my shirt, unfastened my pants, let them drop and kicked them aside. Sue leaned forward as if she were about to see me naked for the first time. Me getting undressed would not normally occasion such intense focus from Sue; which only underscored my awareness that she too recognized the significance of the moment. I pulled down my boxers and stepped out of them. My dick pointed straight at them. I squirted a line of lube along the top of my shaft, put a dollop in my palm and began to slowly stroke while standing right in front of them.
"What are you thinking right now, Don?" Kyle asked.
"I'm thinking about you."
"I'm flattered. I expected to hear you say Sue. She's watching you, you know."
I looked at Sue and she was definitely watching me -- intently. But she and I both knew the reason this scene was so charged. It had everything to do with Kyle. It was clear he knew it too.
"I know she's watching me, and I love it. I want her to see me like this. I love it that she gets horny just looking at my cock. I like to tease her with it -- make her hungry for it."
"She certainly does seem to like it. And yet, you were thinking about me. Why?"
"Because you're what makes this special. You're the reason we're here, doing this. Because it's such a turn on, doing this in front of someone I just met. A strange man, seeing me in such an intimate moment. Having a man looking at my erect penis. Having him see me jack off for him. Seeing my balls bounce as I pound my pud. It's exciting!"
"Yes, I agree, It's exciting for me too. I love to see a real man in all his glory. It's highly erotic. Have you thought about where you want to shoot your load?"
"I want to shoot it straight up into the air. I want to shoot high for you."
Without breaking my rhythm, I sat down and pushed back to recline my sofa section. I extended my legs out in front on me, raising my hips to make my body as straight and rigid as possible. I could feel it building and I wanted the visuals to be perfect.
"Oh, Don! That looks so hot! Doesn't it Sue? Doesn't he look amazing?"
"Oh, baby, you really do! I can't believe how worked up you are by being watched like this. I love it! And Kyle does too. We're both watching you, baby. Beat that meat, you fucking man!"
"I'm close! Oh God, I'm so close! This for you, Kyle. I want you to see me cum. I want you to see how much I shoot. I want you to see how thick my cum is. I-I want you to see me... Aaaaaahh!"
My first shot flew straight up in the air, getting some nice height and landing on my stomach. Then I lowered my aim a bit, hoping to splatter my chest. My second shot hit me square in the face, laying a thick rope across my nose and lips. The third landed on my chest. As my cock weeped a few smaller globs into my pubes I heard appreciation from my audience.
"I must admit you surprised me, Don. I thought you did that simply for the opportunity to watch Susan perform for me. I'm so glad to hear the real reason. Thank you."
I looked from Sue to Kyle and without even thinking, my tongue snuck out and slowly licked my lips. I can't explain why Kyle's smile made me feel so good. Or maybe I just wasn't ready to admit it. Sue certainly loved it.
"Holy shit, baby! That was amazing!"
She got up, came over to me and kissed me passionately, treating herself to a brief taste in the process. Returning to her end of the sofa she remained standing.
"My turn" was all she said.
She looked straight at Kyle and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. When it hung completely open, she pulled each side in front of her and held it that way. The effect was to tunnel Kyle's vision at the same time it shielding mine. She was simply showing him her bra, revealing no more of herself than if she were wearing a bikini top, so why the hell was it so damn sexy? The obvious reason was that it was something that no one but me ever gets to see, but I couldn't help thinking a part of it was that she was denying me that view. Giving me a small taste of cuck life. It made me burn inside, but before I had time to sort it out in my head, she was moving on.
Now the blouse was gone, and the bra followed on its heels. We could both see her long, slender upturned titties and she paused a moment, allowing us to admire them. Her nipples were not yet erect, but that wasn't going to last long, as she toyed with them for our amusement while she kicked off her shoes. Unzipping her skirt, she pulled it down to mid-thigh, performing another slow reveal. This time she showed us those lacy pink panties we had glimpsed earlier at the bar. The horizontal line of the waistband crossed her tummy at the widest part of her hips, accentuating their allure. Her stance was just wide enough to hold her skirt at thigh level. She could have simply moved her feet together and let it fall. Instead, she pulled it down an inch at a time, bending at the waist to coax it lower.
Her tits now crossed our line of sight as they transitioned from standing out from her chest to hanging free, swinging provocatively. For me, this was visual dynamite. I never tired of seeing it and had to know whether it had the same effect on Kyle. Tearing my eyes away, I stole a quick glance over just as Kyle's hand found his crotch and began to slowly stroke his shaft through his pants. I was proud of my wife; proud that she had this effect on another man. But I was surprised to feel something else as well -- jealousy. Not jealous that he was getting to see this, jealous that she was able to elicit this response from him with so little effort. Yet another confusing thought I had to tuck away to ponder later. My eyes returned to the main attraction just as her skirt reached the floor and she stepped free. Rising back up, she paused once her torso was again at a 90-degree angle to her legs. Looking up at us, she demonstrated her power to captivate with a few simple shoulder shimmies. Her broad smile revealed how ridiculous Kyle and I must have looked.
Satisfied at our reaction, she sat back down and arranged the throw pillows behind her such that she faced directly between Kyle and me. I was still naked and in no mood to get dressed or cover up, even though Kyle sat next to me, fully clothed. I recognized the power dynamic and welcomed it. It struck me that I was starting to overcome my tendency toward confusion.
Sue spread her legs wide and watched us. Weird... I thought. Weren't we supposed to be watching her? Not that we weren't, it was just surprising how easily she could turn the tables. She began to rub her hands up and down the insides of her legs, from mid-thigh to just shy of center. Back and forth, hands moving closer to the promised land with each approach. Until they were so close the index fingers touched her outer lips. There they stopped, pressed in, then pulled away, parting her lips. Opening her hole. Showing us. It was pornographic, and it was all I could do to resist diving in face first!
Keeping her hole open, she pushed a finger in, letting us witness the invasion. It came out only slightly damp. The second time it was noticeably wet. By the third time it fairly dripped. She added a second finger and began to moan.
I ran my hand through the cum on my belly and took myself in hand. This wasn't supposed to be mutual masturbation, but I figured as long as I was watching her, it wasn't violating the spirit of our agreement. Sue didn't object, and I was fairly sure Kyle didn't even notice.
By now Sue's fingers were moving with greater purpose, no longer simply stroking. She was finger-fucking herself. Her moans became louder as her other hand found her clit and began to move. She threw her head back and began to summon the deity.
"Oh God, oh God, ooh...God!"
Her fingers are plunging so deep that the palm of her hand is slapping into her crotch. At first it makes a popping sound - like hand claps. But her juices flow and the sound becomes a wet slapping. Just like the sound my pelvis makes when it slaps against her ass. When the point of no return comes, she stops the violent finger fucking and jams her fingers in as far as possible. The finger on her clit takes her the rest of the way and she lets out a startling scream.
When the scream dies away there is only her panting breath. I watch her in awe, not sure I have ever seen her have a more intense orgasm. Once her breathing calms, she opens her eyes and looks at us. Then she pulls her hand out of her pussy and holds it up, two fingers covered in slime. She curls the middle finger into her palm, leaving the index pointing up.
"Guys, my legs are too weak right now. If you want it, you're gonna hafta come and get it."
Kyle being closer, he beats me to her side, dropping to his knees as she points the finger at him. He's still sucking it when I reach her other side. She pulls her index finger out of his mouth and gives me the middle finger. They watch me suck it clean, then she takes it back and looks at us. We're kneeling on either side of her as if in worship. Uncurling all fingers, she looks at the palm of her hand. It's very wet. She turns it toward us and holds it between our faces.
"This can't be portioned." she tells us. "Do you think you two can share nicely?"
Our faces move toward her palm in concert, and we each begin licking the edge closest to us. Eventually we meet in the middle and manage to thoroughly clean her, our tongues only making incidental contact. The game is obvious to all of us, yet we managed to avoid taking the next step. Or rather, I do. I'm pretty sure Kyle was only honoring our agreement; leaving the big decisions to me. Fortunately, he recognized the potential awkwardness of the situation and made a graceful exit, allowing Sue and I to take a much-needed shower while he let himself out. We knew how to get in touch with him, and he seemed confident we would.
After our shower we played, and since our hunger for supercharged sex had been sated, we made love. The intimacy of looking deeply into each other's eyes completed the night. During snuggle time I asked Sue:
"Are you ready to talk about it?"
"Uh-huh. I loved it! It was amazing. How about you?"
"Same."
"C'mon, that's it? How about a little sharing?" she prodded.
"I don't know where to begin. It was so intense." I was still sorting through some feelings.
"How about we each say what was our favorite part."
"OK. You go first."
"Alright, chicken. Let's see... so many good moments! I think my favorite was the stuff you said to Kyle while you were jacking off. Do you remember?"
"I do." I admitted. I'm pretty sure I was blushing. "None of that was anything like I had imagined. I thought masturbating was just something I needed to do to get to the good part; where I watched you. But when Kyle talked about how we were doing this for him -- it really got in my head."
"I think that's why I liked it so much. It seemed so genuine. Like your feelings just came rushing out with no warning. Now tell me your favorite part."
"It was when you opened yourself for us. And I don't just mean because it looked incredible -- which it did. It was the fact that you chose to show us. And then you just let us take a good long look. I can't tell you how fucking sexy that was!"
"I can't believe I actually did that. I'm kind of embarrassed, to tell you the truth. I just got so caught up in the moment."
"Well, I sure hope you can overcome that embarrassment. I'd hate to think that it would ever hold you back. I can see how it might feel vulnerable, but knowing it was your decision -- the way you owned it; you were so in charge. You were powerful, and I admire you for it."
"Thank you. That helps me feel better about it." She held me a long time after that, and sleep came easily.
Days went by without us talking more about what had happened, but I thought about it frequently. Sue didn't mention anything about doing anything else with Kyle. I think she knew I needed time to figure things out. Once I finally did bring it up, I knew what I wanted to happen next, but talking about it wasn't going to be easy.
"Sue, you know how I always tell you how good you look with a cock in your mouth?"
"Yes. Is that your way of asking for a blowjob?"
"No. I mean, not that I wouldn't like that, but I was actually thinking about our arrangement with Kyle."
"Oh. So, you'd like to see me withhiscock in my mouth, is that it?" she teased.
"That's it. But the way we're going about this, it might be a little difficult."
"How so?"
"Well, it might be hard for him to cum twice like that, back-to-back. And even if he can, it would take a lot of work on your part, since you'd be going second."
"That's sweet of you honey, being so considerate of me. But what about you? You'll be sucking his cock. You've never sucked cock before. Do you think you can handle it?"
"I... I thought I'd practice first, using one of your dildos."
"That's a good idea. My big one is about his size. But that's not what I meant. I mean can your head handle it? You know from round one that you're not going to be able to just perform some mechanics, just to get the opportunity to watch me. Kyle's dick is not an inanimate object. It's attached to a man. You're going to suck the cock of a real man. How are you going to feel once you've done it?"
"I honestly don't know. But watching you is gonna be so hot that I think it'll be worth it."
I wasn't lying about not knowing how I'd feel afterwards, but I also wasn't being completely forthcoming. Because I was pretty sure I knew how I'd feel in the moment, and that's the real reason it was what I most wanted to do. Seeing Sue suck Kyle would be icing on the cake.
I started my dildo training right away. Sue helped a lot. I already knew the basics: no teeth, eye contact, moaning, etc. But I never fully appreciated the importance of saliva and incremental progress. I wanted to be able to deep throat Kyle, but getting past my gag reflex took a while. Then I learned about the magic powers of throat slime. Of course I'd seen it before, I was just too distracted to fully appreciate how much it facilitated things. Once I managed to swallow the entire dildo and hold it in my throat awhile, Sue pronounced me ready. I was skeptical, because I knew I didn't just want to take his length, I wanted him to be able to move in and out of my throat smoothly. Every time I tried that with the dildo, my throat catch made it a movement in two parts. Sue assured me that a real one would be easier. Mostly because of the head being softer, but also something to do with an increased desire to open the throat when you're aroused by what you're doing. I took her word for it and called Kyle, telling him what we wanted to do next.
This time when Kyle entered our home, it felt different. We couldn't pretend we were entertaining a house guest. I suppose that's why it didn't feel strange when Sue suggested we go straight to our bedroom. When we got there, Kyle asked us to sit at the foot of the bed while he grabbed the chair from Sue's makeup table and turned it to face us. He sat and addressed me directly:
"Obviously this is another big step for you, Don. You may have read stories about this or seen picture captions. The common cliches: that once a man takes a penis in his mouth, everything changes. He'll never be the same, he's a cocksucker for life. He's emasculated, loses his 'man card', will never again feel like a real man. I'm here to tell you... that's all bullshit. If you buy into it, you can make it true, but I don't recommend it. Just be open and enjoy the ride. You've both demonstrated that willingness so far, and it has served you well. I won't be ordering or commanding you. Nothing I do or say will be with an intent to humiliate or emasculate you. If you discover that's what you desire, there will be plenty of time for that later."
He removed his shoes and socks, then stood up and stepped toward me.
"All that said, there is one cliche that I have found to be true. The best way to start is on your knees."
In my peripheral vision I saw Sue push back on the bed and unbutton her pants as I slid to the floor in front of Kyle.
"Don, what you want is in my pants. Please remove them for me."
I had read about this scene for years and fantasized about it for close to two weeks now. I made each move with deliberate care, taking the time to burn each one into my memory. His belt, the top button of his pants, the zipper. Seeing the outline of his shaft through his underwear was as exciting as I imagined. I never saw the point in sucking a man through his underwear, but I was compelled to feel him that way, first with my hands, then with my face. I took a couple deep breaths, smelling his manly aroma. I felt his hand on the side of my head, gently stroking my hair. Grasping his waistband at both hips, I performed the unveiling ritual. I'd seen his cock once before, but that was merely a brief visual inspection. This was looking at it close-up, knowing I was about to take it into my mouth. He hadn't yet reached his full volume but was well on the way. I watched his cock sway as he peeled off his shirt and stepped out of the pants piled around his ankles. It occurred to me the next line in the traditional script was mine. It may have been cheesy, but I wanted to say it, so I did:
"Please Sir, may I suck your cock?"
He looked down at me with a benevolent smile.
"You may."
His hand followed my head as I took his cock into my mouth. The feeling of my mouth filled with man-meat was indescribable. I took it halfway and savored my first sucks, my first taste. It was all so heady. Just before I got him truly wet, it dawned on me that I wanted to play with his balls. I ran my tongue down the underside of his shaft. Reaching the base, I pushed my nose into the junction between his cock and balls and smelled him again. Unfiltered by his underpants and without the residual smells they harbored, I basked in his musky, sweaty smell. I got caught up in the aroma and moved from one side to the other, inhaling deeply where each leg met his ball sack. I pulled his sack aside and buried my nose deeper. I couldn't get enough of that smell! I only stopped when I feared I might hyperventilate.
"You like my smell?" he asked, bemused.
I looked up at him and gushed: "I LOVE your smell!"
Pulling my head back, I once more looked his cock in the eye. I used both hands to part his piss slit and probed it with my tongue, trying to push the tip in as far as possible. Then I filled my mouth with him again and commenced to slather his now rigid cock with my saliva. Bobbing my head, with each stroke I was able to take him deeper. On each out-stroke I flicked my tongue across his frenulum and his cock would twitch. When I got him hard against the opening to my throat, I aligned my throat, stuck out my tongue and began to swallow his cock in increments. Sue was right -- the head was spongy, and it was more forgiving of my throat as I pushed it in. I was tempted to go for it all on the first incursion until I remembered my training. I needed to bring out my throat slime. I pulled it all the way out, just to appreciate the lewd sight of his rock-hard cock, now coated in stringy slime.
"Don... you've been practicing, haven't you?"
I smiled up at him, nodded, and shoved his beautiful cock back into my throat. I felt proud, and I hadn't even given him my best yet. I took him in easier this time, but there was still that delay before his head pushed through. By the third sloppy swallow I was able to take him balls deep, and briefly hold him there. My eyes watered as I stroked his butt cheeks. Gagging briefly on the way out, I stole a few breaths as excess saliva ran from my mouth. I took him to the root again, put my hands on his ass and pushed hard, forcing his cock as deep as possible. I held him a bit longer this time. This time when I pulled off, he lifted my chin.
"How about we give your knees a break, Don?"
"Sure." I said. "Where do you want me"
He clearly appreciated being handed the reins.
"Do you trust me?"
I nodded.
"Lay on the bed on your back with your head hanging over the edge."
I got in position and Sue curled up next to me. One of her hands held mine while her other remained deep into her pants. Kyle stood in front of me, his cock resting on my face, his balls hanging over my eyes. He placed my free hand on his hip and instructed me:
"If you need me to pull out, you use this hand. Slap me, pinch me; whatever you need to do. I'll be gentle; you just focus on relaxing."
He slid in slowly and pushed into my throat easier than ever. Once to the base and back out.
"You ok?"
I nodded and took a deep breath. He went back in and began slowly stoking in and out of my throat. Each time was a little easier, a little smoother than the last. Every 3 strokes he pulled out, letting me catch my breath and jettison excess saliva. It ran freely over my nose, my eyes, and off my forehead. I briefly panicked once when it covered my nostrils. After wiping it off, I wondered if that was what it felt like to be waterboarded. Then I realized it couldn't be - nobody enjoyed that. He kept feeding me his cock and I began to relax a little more as I overcame my fear.
"Yeesss, baby. That's It. You've got it. You're doing it, Don. You're taking my cock! You're taking my whole fucking cock! I'm fucking your throat, baby."
I could hear it now, the slow snick -- snick -- slock -- shlock -- shluck. Kyle's big cock was using my throat, and it was making the nastiest sounds. Soon Kyle added his groans to the music, then Sue's higher tone harmonized with him as her orgasm built. Kyle warned me:
"I'm getting close, Don. Are you ready to take my load?"
I nodded, unable to speak.
"We can't have you drowning, so I want you to roll over on your stomach. And keep that mouth open for me."
I did as he asked, and he gave me a few seconds to wipe the spit off my eyes. Then he took my head in both his hands, buried half his cock back into my mouth and started face fucking me. I pressed my tongue to the underside of his shaft and in no time, he was back to the edge. He pulled out until only the head of his cock was in my mouth.
"Here it comes, baby...
here comes my man-milk... uuuh...
my nut-juice... uung...
Drink it! Yeesss! Drink it all!"
He pumped into my mouth, unloading his balls; and I took it all. Small amounts escaped out the sides, but I happily swallowed everything that I'd captured. It was thick and it coated my throat. I had to swallow several times before my airway felt clear. Kyle used his dick to drag the remaining streaks up from my chin and back into my mouth, allowing me a final taste of his rich cream. I reached out, grabbed his cock and kissed it. He fell to his knees in front of me and looked into my eyes. I could tell what was about to happen, yet it didn't. He waited there, hesitant to force anything on me. I reached out, put my free hand on the back of his head and pulled him in. We kissed passionately. Not roughly, but deeply. It was so different somehow, but I didn't know how, only why. Because he was a man. I was kissing a man, and it was bliss. It felt more illicit than what I had just done, and for that reason, even more thrilling. We broke the kiss, and I rolled over on my back again, reaching out to Sue. We kissed and she stroked my head.
"Baby. That was incredible! I can't even tell you. I can't believe it!"
"I love you." was all I could manage. I felt like a wet rag sinking into the bed. "I need some time."
"Of course, baby. You take all the time you need. I'm sure Kyle could use a little time to recover as well. Kyle, I'd like to stay here with Don for a while. What say you go wash off that wonderful dick of yours, then my hubby can wash his face. I want you both nice and fresh for what's next."
We both watched Kyle's cock bouncing between his thighs as he made his way to the bathroom. Sue threw a leg over me and pulled me close, speaking softly in my ear:
"I'll never forget that as long as I live. You were magnificent! I'd say your training paid off."
"My training and your tutoring. Thank you."
"You're welcome. I'm proud of you, baby."
"Proud of me? Why?"
"For not letting the BS hold you back. Those societal constructs Kyle talked about. It takes a lot of self-confidence to put yourself out there like you did."
I was so grateful for Sue's nurturing love. Both she and Kyle understood how meaningful this was for me, and their support was crucial in helping me process it. As I took my turn in the bathroom to clean my face, my reflection forced me to take stock. Sucking Kyle's cock meant so much to me. On one level, it made me so horny I would have beaten off right there if I didn't want to save it for the upcoming show. But beyond that, it felt gratifying, rewarding, even empowering. I was pleased to discover that I was not buying into the BS; at least not as it related to the cock sucking.
The kiss, however, was more difficult. I hadn't expected it, so I was unprepared. The BS surrounding it was much the same, so why did it feel "more gay" to me? It occurred to me that - unless you've done it - a man sucking a cock is viewed in terms of dominance and submission, or simply the gratification of a physical desire. But two men kissing -- that's a mutual act of passion, not something driven by a physical compulsion. To an outside observer, the difference is significant and hard to argue with. I finally decided it's an argument not worth having. In the end, the two acts share one thing in common. If you're a hetero man, you're probably not going to fully understand unless you've experienced it. I headed back to the bedroom with a clearer head and an immense anticipation for the erotic scene I was about to witness.
I found a fully clothed Sue sitting on the bed next to a still stark-naked Kyle. Their conversation stopped abruptly upon my entry, causing me to suspect they had been scheming. Sue turned to me and said:
"Baby, this man just revealed something to me. He said he wants me to suck his cock. And the thing is, I kinda want to. I want to suck him off. But I told him I couldn't, because my husband wouldn't allow it. You know what he said? He said, 'I'll bet he'd let you if he got to watch.' Is that true, honey? Would you want towatchme suck this man's cock?"
So, they had been scheming. And I willingly joined their play-acting.
"I would."
"You would? Oh my God, Don. I can't believe you want me to suck his cock right in front of you! Can you see that his cock is bigger than yours? It's thicker and it's longer. I don't even know if I can take the whole thing. It kinda scares me, Don. I'm afraid I might really like it. It's just... he's just such a real man, you know? And I'm afraid he just wants to use me, use my mouth to get off. I think he wants to turn me into his cock slut. Don't tell me you want to seethat?"
"Uuuugh, Isowant to see that! And I'm afraid too, baby. I'm afraid you're right about what he wants. And I'm afraid that I couldn't stop him even if I wanted to. Because heisa real man. He's more of a man than I am. I think you'd better just surrender to him and give him what he wants, or else he might just take it. He might just fuck your slut mouth."
As I immersed myself in my character, I moved the chair to 3 feet in front of them, dropped my pants and sat down. My dick was rock hard, and I hadn't even touched it. Kyle stood up and turned sideways to me as Sue got down on her knees facing him, giving me a perfect view.
"I'm going to do it, Don. I'm going to be a cock slut for this man. Watch and learn, baby. Watch how a horny woman sucks a real man."
With that she lifted his semi-hard dick up and pinned it against his abdomen while her other hand circled behind his balls, displaying his full scrotum. She licked every inch of his sack, then pursed her lips and slid them all over his slick, tight balls, spreading her saliva. Then she took a ball into her mouth, and I could see by her cheeks how her tongue must be lolling it around. She struggled to fit the other ball in, but they were just too big.
"These balls taste so good! I could suck on them all day! But you want to see me put this dick in my mouth, right baby? Are you still sure that's what you want?"
"Yes! Yes - yes - yes! Suck his cock! Do it!"
Sue looked up at Kyle and their eyes locked as she slowly slid his fully erect cock into her mouth. She worked his first four inches in and out of her mouth for several minutes, using her hands to spread her saliva along the entire length of his shaft. Her wet left hand then moved back to once more encircle his ball sack. She began rhythmically tugging it down in coordination with her wanton sucking. Seeing her lips sliding over that hard cock while she tugged those big balls was a visual overload. I quickly released my own dick, barely in time to avoiding going over the edge. Too soon... this was too good! If I couldn't touch myself, at least I could still talk.
"Does it feel good, Sir? Does my wife's slut mouth feel good on your cock?"
"Oh, yeah. She's a good little cock sucker. I think she's been wanting a big dick like this for a long time."
By now Sue was throating his entire length, seemingly effortlessly. I now knew better - there was definitely effort involved. I guess it's like what they say about sports athletes: the pros just make itlookeasy.
"Look how your pretty wife's face looks all nasty with a big dick in her mouth. That's what you wanted to see, isn't it?"
"Yes. But you just came recently. I'm not sure this is going to be enough to get you off. I think maybe she should show off her tits for you. You know, just to help you get off."
"I think your hubby's right, slut. I think you better bare those things for me. Go ahead -- do it."
Sue hastily pulled off her shirt and bra, clearly wanting to get that dick back in her mouth. Now she sucked him hands-free as she used her hands to hold her long titties from underneath, pulling them out from her chest and repeatedly stroking the undersides.
"Damn, you're right; that does look good! Your wife sure knows how to display herself for another man. Just look at her pull on those things, Don. It looks like she's jacking 'em off! That's one nasty girl you got there."
Now Sue was moaning on his cock, obviously enjoying the dirty talk as much as we were. Unfortunately, this exceeded my quota of visual stimulation. I had to resume my stroking and I stood up. Pants still around my ankles, I shuffled closer to them.
"I think the only thing sluttier than seeing you suck a cock would be seeing you suck a cum covered cock. What do you think, cock slut? You want to suck my cum off that big cock of his?"
She slid it out of her mouth and nodded her enthusiasm, moving her hands to support his heavy package from below. I closed the final gap and pointed my prick right at his superior manhood. Looking at that beautiful cock and imagining it covered in cum was all I needed. My first shot struck with such force that it splashed off Kyle's cock and back onto his belly. I then pumped a pile of cum all over his cock and balls, what slid off ran into Sue's waiting hands. As soon as I was done pumping, she lowered her mouth onto his cum covered manhood and pushed her hands upward, mashing her face into the sloppy mess. Kyle let out a long moan and suddenly became highly animated.
"Get this cock back in your mouth, slut!"
He grabbed her head and forced himself back in. She began to suck the cum off his cock. Her slimy hands were now both working his balls, alternately stroking them down and out. He took her head in both hands and began dicking her face with long, deep strokes. I stumbled back into my chair and watched my wife get completely used by another man. Having just cum, I was out of the game myself, which made spectating feel a bit strange. But, I was relieved to discover, it still felt very good. Kyle was peaking, and Sue was hanging on for the ride, her tits swinging wildly as he pumped her face.
"Time to drink another batch, slut. You ready?"
Sue could only nod, so that's what she did. Kyle's pace increased as he pumped his second load of the day into my wife.
"Oh yeah, that's it. There it is baby, drink up. Swallow it all like a good girl. Yeesss! Aaaah!"
Kyle released Sue, turned and fell back on the bed. I jumped up, shuffled over to her and fell to my knees, taking her into my arms. Her body felt limp in my grasp. With my head on her shoulder, I asked:
"Are you okay, Sue?"
Getting no response, I pulled back to look into her eyes. She seemed far away and unresponsive.
"Are you okay?"
Now her eyes seemed to register my presence and she gave a slight nod. Her face was covered in cum. Kyle had shot his directly into her mouth, and I had watched her swallow it. This was my cum on her face. I licked her cheek once and a small smile appeared. I licked the other cheek and was rewarded with a bigger smile. I commenced to lapping lustfully as she broke into a laughing release. By the time she settled, I had her face cleaned and we shared cummy kisses.
I helped Sue up and laid her on the bed to recover. Kyle looked more composed lying next to her, so I pulled up my pants and motioned him to join me in the hall. We spoke for several minutes while he got dressed, then I walked him to the door. I let him know that I wanted us to do more, but that it would likely be several weeks. I didn't want him to worry about not hearing from me. He understood and I opened the door to let him out. He stepped closer and backed me into the door. It closed again as his hand moved to the side of my face. He kissed me again, only this time it wasn't about lust. More like affection, even respect. I know that's what I felt.
When I returned to Sue, she was right where I had left her, just less dreamy. I got in bed with her and cuddled.
"Did Kyle leave?" she asked.
"Yes."
"Are we going to see him again?"
"Yes, but it's going to be a while."
"Does that mean you already know what you want to watch next?"
"Yes, but I want todoit too."
"Why is it going to be a while?"
"Because I have a feeling my next round of dildo training is going to be a lot more intense."