(This is the introduction to a series i've been mulling over for a while. I know there's not much smut or erotica in this lol but I wanted to start things off with a bit of background before going forward. Expect a lot of smut, detailed sex, LOTS of celebrities, and even some romance here and there amongst other things. Come back and continue reading as we delve into the Connor Walker Chronicles!)
Connor Walker, a name that would make men jealous and women swoon. You know the type; handsome, funny, intelligent, charming, well endowed. The guy who would always get any girl he wanted, even if the girl swore that she hated him; soon enough she would be fawning over him.
Yeah, well that's where you're wrong, because Connor Walker is one of a kind.
Connor's adventures began long before he was even born, with the pairing of his seemingly perfect parents. That's right, perfection has to come from perfection, doesn't it?
Connor Walker, a name that would make men jealous and women swoon. You know the type; handsome, funny, intelligent, charming, well endowed. The guy who would always get any girl he wanted, even if the girl swore that she hated him; soon enough she would be fawning over him.
Yeah, well that's where you're wrong, because Connor Walker is one of a kind.
Connor's adventures began long before he was even born, with the pairing of his seemingly perfect parents. That's right, perfection has to come from perfection, doesn't it?
It all began when Carter Walker, that's right, the now legendary NFL quarterback, when he was drafted first overall by the New York Jets all those seasons ago. The record breaking football talent made New York City his stomping grounds. Lucky for him, the city fit him just as well as the team. Year after year he saw nothing but success with the Jets, so much so that by his fifth year with the team, he'd already won Rookie of the Year, two league MVPs and three Super Bowls; he was well on his way to becoming the greatest of all time. The only thing that proved to be more lucrative for him was his luck with women. Well, luck really shouldn't be the word, Carter just seemed to end up with any woman he ever wanted. It could have been the six foot six well built frame, or his striking hazel eyes framed by his perfect jawline that would make any woman weak, or quite simply his words that oozed charm in any situation.
His coach once quipped before a national championship game in college, "That boy can chuck the ball a hundred yards down the field to win the game and then run straight to the stands, all dirty and stinky, and get any girl he wanted with that smile!"
That was the case, that is, until Carter met her.
Claire Lebeaux
The world famous supermodel that had graced dozens of covers of fashion magazines, walked countless runways, and was the face of several major marketing campaigns. Her breathtaking beauty had even landed her the unofficial title of sexiest supermodel in the world. One thing about her that many people didn't know, or frankly cared about, was how intelligent she really was. Claire was much more than her six foot frame, mile long legs, slender yet toned curves and that now famous smolder. She made it a point to read a book a week, no matter what her schedule was like. The library in her penthouse Manhattan apartment was chalk full of all the books she had read throughout the years; everything from your everyday fictional novels to philosophy, politics, history, psychology, and other sciences. Her hunger for knowledge had grown as she never had a chance to go to college; no, her modeling career took her all over the world straight out of high school. She learned that her confidence in herself and her intelligence would always get overshadowed by her seemingly mythical beauty, so she had to learn to fend for herself by strengthening her mind and intellect.
That's what took our friend Carter by surprise when they first met.
It was a crisp fall day in early November. The cool breeze was just beginning to get a bit of a bite as the sun set on the city. Carter had led the Jets to a white hot streak as they pushed through mid season, which would eventually end up being the best season of his career, earning him another MVP, Super Bowl, and undefeated season. Needless to say, he was on top of the world, seen as a messiah everywhere he went in New York City.
As much as he thrived under the pressure to perform at the highest level, he still found himself wanting a bit of a break, that's really why he agreed to attend this gala. He'd only been to a few of these celebrity filled events, mostly just to see how he'd make out picking up gorgeous women, and of course he'd always take somebody home. Now, he convinced himself that that was exactly what he'd need to unwind a bit before the next tough game. He looked at himself through his phone's front facing camera, adjusting his perfectly coiffed hair and straightening his tie just as the blacked out SUV arrived at the red carpet for the event. He stepped out of the SUV and was met with an immediate hum of photographers and fans calling his name.
He loved this feeling. The buzz of the attention brought upon a thirst he could seemingly never quench. The flashing lights, the fans cheering and crying for him as he signed autographs and took pictures with him. He loved it all; which made him feel such relief that he ended up playing in New York and not some god forsaken place like Indianapolis or Pittsburgh.
Carter made his way down the red carpet, smiling as the see of flashes enveloped him. His perfectly tailored maroon suit, black shirt and matching tie made it seem as if he'd just walked off the pages of the latest issue of GQ. When he finally made his way inside the venue, he immediately began scouting around for any would be... friends for the night. As he walked about, seemingly being stopped every few seconds by people wanting to ask about his exploits on the field or for pictures, he was somewhat disheartened by the lack of options for him; well, more like for his ego.
"Water please, room temperature" Carter said as he stepped up to an empty section of the bar and leaned against it as he looked at his expensive watch.
10pm... still early...
"Thank you" he said as the bartender set a glass of still water on the counter in front of him, clearly trying to act professional but failing as he quickly asked for a picture with him. The young man quickly snapped a picture and thanked Carter as he walked away.
"You must be someone famous" Carter heard from the opposite corner of the bar. He stopped mid sip and looked over to see Claire. He almost spit the water out, instead having to try and nonchalantly clean a subtle dribble of water from his chin. His hazel eyes looked at the gorgeous woman standing by the bar sipping a martini. His heartbeat immediately fluttered like a hummingbird's as he took her in.
Her tall frame in an elegant emerald colored dress that hugged her curves oh so perfectly. Her dirty blonde hair curled slightly, one side clipped back with a diamond encrusted hair pin. What really captivated Carter, though, were her eyes. Those piercing deep blue eyes almost looked as if they were the work of a filter on a phone. Yet, as he found himself begin to walk closer to the woman, he began to notice something else. Her eyes were a dichotomy of intensity and warmth, something he'd never felt before.
"Hi, I'm Carter. It's a pleasure to meet you miss. Mind if I join you?" Carter said with his most charming smile, as he extended his hand. His eyes dared not part from hers, even as she casually looked away, seemingly people watching.
"I don't care what you do... just know I'm not going home with you" Claire replied as she sipped her martini and finally looked at him, returning his look with a raised eyebrow. Carter stood perplexed, seemingly at a loss for words at such a blunt comment.
"Uh... oh no, pleases don't think I was..." He stammered out as he looked down at her, shifting his weight from one foot to the other as he tried to explain.
"Oh honey, save it. You're not fooling me like you fool all those other little bimbos that wanna fuck you because you're an athlete" Claire interrupted him as she chuckled and took another sip of her martini as she looked up at him. Carter could feel something he'd never felt before, something strange yet enticing, something that was amplified whenever she looked into his eyes.
"Oh so you do know who I am" he said with a chuckle, trying to save himself from the brink of embarrassment.
"I don't, but I do know that you're wearing a Pasha De Cartier watch that costs in the range of $27,000, you're drinking some pretty boring room temperature water at a big event like this, and your obvious size, I'd say six foot six, about two hundred thirty pounds; that would make you a pro athlete, my guess is football" Claire said as she elegantly crossed her arms, still holding her glass as she looed up at him, once again with that raised eyebrow. Carter watched her, his mouth now slightly ajar at her pinpoint observations. He tried all he could to say something but nothing came out.
"Yeah, that's what I figured. I'm not just all looks there big boy" she said as she drank that last gulp of her martini and set it on the bar counter. She gave him a couple of quick eyebrow raises and a pat on the shoulder as she walked past him.
"C-Can I at least get your name?" Carter asked as she began to walk away, her clutch in hand. To his relief, Claire stopped a few feet away and turned.
"Claire. Claire Lebeaux. Oh... and by the way, I do watch football... I'm just not a Jets fan" She finished with a flash of a smirk as she walked away through the crowd. Carter chuckled as he watched her enticing figure disappear. He didn't know it at the time but that night would change his life forever. That very night he forgot his plan for the night and went straight home to do some research on the beauty that had seemingly enchanted him.
He soon found himself asking around about her. He attended events that he thought she'd be at and even went to fashion shows to get a glimpse of her. All the while, Claire noticed. She couldn't help but laugh at his persistence, Carter walking the line between cute and creepy perfectly. Eventually she gave in and agreed to have coffee with him.
Their relationship was interesting to say the least. Carter began to devour books as he and Claire had deep conversations about various topics from philosophy to history, psychology to politics and even the pros and cons of a west coast type football offense. Claire herself learned to let her hair down, per se. Carter showed her that she could let her guard down and simply enjoy life. Enjoy hanging out with their friends, enjoy a nice evening stroll in Central Park, or even just have an open conversation with somebody at a gala without having to show them up.
Their relationship was full of passion, they challenged each other to grow, and most importantly, they loved each other unequivocally. This soon led to a small, intimate wedding where they could celebrate their love with a handful of friends and family. Then, nine months from their wedding night, their son, Connor came into the world.
Conor Walker, whose exploits would become almost mythical.
To be continued...