Everyone having sex is at least 18. This story is a work of fiction. I made it all up. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help making this better. This is an entry for the National Nude Day contest.
*****
Chapter 1 -- Not Again
Dee calls out to me, screaming, "DAD! I need to go shopping! DAD! Where are you? DAD! NOW! I have nothing to wear!"
She finds me in the living room, trying to watch my small market baseball team lose again. We spend on a whole team what the big market teams spend on a single player. Because it is so uneven, we suck and have no chance. This makes me mad that baseball is so unfair. If only it were like football and everyone had a chance.
For the second time just this month, my daughter needs to go shopping because she needs more clothes. This makes me furious. I average shopping once a month for each of my two daughters. I have had enough.
When she finds me, she stops between me and the TV. She sucks as a window. A guy can only take so much. I love my daughter, but something must be wrong. I take her by the hand into the nearby laundry room. I don't see clothes in the stack of garbage, on the floor, or on the walls. I see nothing left in the washer or dryer. I take her hand, and we go to her room. Clothes don't walk off on their own, where else can they be?
Deidra, my other daughter, comes out of her room, "Can I come with, I need another blouse and three panties?" I imagine myself slobbering, smoke coming from my bull horns, and my eyes are red. There is a fire on top of my head. I am a demon in my mind. I punch the door, and it flies open.
She has on her bed all her clothes. I am an ass hole, I force them to do this, so I can see what they have. She has three single, non-matching socks and only five panties. A blouse has a big tear in front. I know better than to ask about that, her answer will only make things worse.
I grunt and walk out. Dee's door is already open, and her clothes are carefully and neatly laid out. She has less than Deidra. I look at her with disdain. How do you lose clothes so quickly? You put clothes on, you wear them, and then at night, you take them off. This family is very careless. What can I do? I scream, and both girls cower before me. I don't feel any better.
I holler, "Get dressed, we are going ... shopping." The last word is shallow in defeat.
My wife comes out, "Oh, can I come with too? I need some ..."
The anger is back, and she knows to stop. She is so cute when she is in fear of me, it stops me every time. She knows just the look to use, it works every time and then she smiles at me. She knows, and she knows I know, she won.
I mumble, "Go get your shoes on."
She rushes off to get her shoes. I don't understand how I lose every time. I had anger, I was on a roll, they are wrong, I am right, and now I am taking three women shopping. They could at least let me think I win occasionally.
We go out shopping, and it's every bit as horrible as you would expect. We spend way too much time trying on things they have no intention of buying. They spend way too much time examining panties and bras. I spend half of our time standing away from them and blushing. They tease me to no end, embarrassing me in front of an entire store. They hold up tiny outfits and yell, "Hey daddy, would I look good in this?"
My wife is the worst, which is surprising. She is cute, sexy, has an almost perfect body. Her personality is outgoing, volunteers a lot, and she loves me unconditionally. Practically, the ideal wife. I love her with all my heart, there is no other woman for me.
Her one weakness is in bed. She has a low sex drive and is very conventional. She enjoys me giving, but she doesn't return the favor very well. I love her tremendously. Me getting her off is usually enough for me. Sadly, it's a good thing it is because often we end there, leaving me hanging. I don't understand it. How can a woman that loves me, not give me any satisfaction? No ending, no cum, no happiness, and most importantly, no relief.
As the salesgirl rings us up, she lightly laughs at the sunscreen.
I am amused, so I ask, "What is so funny about sunscreen?"
She looks at me and is shy, "I just imagined you and your family Saturday."
She is on a different planet right now, I give her a blank look, and my jaw is open.
She turns bright red, "Oh, I am sorry. Oh crap. Stuck my foot in my mouth good that time. I am so sorry. We have been selling a ton for sunscreen for Saturday, it's National Nude Day. The forecast is lots of sun, and people don't want their ... their junk getting sunburn."
With just a touch of sarcasm, I ask, "What's next, National breathing day? How about National Walking Day? People aren't going to walk around all day naked, no way."
She tells me, "$374.85, credit?"
I was far louder and animated than I should have been, "What? How much? Son of a ..."
I get the death stare by my wife. I have gone too far. I slap down my credit card.
The ride home is silent. As I am walking in the house my phone rings, it's my son Dan. He is twenty-six but still living at home while his personal handy-man business grows.
Dan is always in a rush, "Hi dad, I am out with friends. I will be staying over and then we are going down to the beaches tomorrow to see the women. Should be great viewing tomorrow."
I grunt.
Dan laughs, "What, another shopping trip? Most of my jeans and shirts have been repaired from wearing out. That sucks dad. I don't think they appreciate their clothes, you need to take their clothes away from them for a day. Then they will appreciate them more and take care of their stuff. Anyways, I need to run, I will be back Sunday morning. See ya."
My son is a genius, he mentioned that my daughters don't appreciate their clothes. I see this with kids and cars. You give a kid a car, and it's no big deal. Within two years it's trashed, and they want another one. You help a kid buy a vehicle, and they put their own money into it. That car stays in pristine condition, and it is serviced regularly. It's like everything in life, they don't treat my stuff like they do things they purchase with their own money.
Both my daughters are 19 (twins) and going to a local community college. No reason they can't start buying their own clothes. I sigh. No way their mother forces them to buy their own clothes while in college. It was a good thought. I think some more. How do I teach them a lesson?
It hits me, "National Nude Day. I take away their clothes, they can see what it's like if I don't buy more. I will embarrass the hell out of them. My wife might join them, let's see how I feel. That will be fun to see. Time to make a list of chores for tomorrow. I don't want them hiding in their rooms.
+++++
It's 10:00 PM on Friday night. I am still mad from a few hours ago when we went shopping. My wife and I are in bed reading. I get out of bed and ask my daughters to join us for a minute in our bedroom. They are both shocked and scared, I never do this. My wife is mad at me for not discussing this with her first. She doesn't realize that is exactly why I didn't. She would talk me out of this.
I start out with my charming smile, "Ok. We need to have a little chat. I am sure you saw me blow a gasket today at having to go shopping again. I am sorry for getting mad. I don't understand, but life goes on. It occurred to me that you don't value your clothes very much or you would watch out for them better than you do. I could sit here and lecture you for a week straight, and I doubt we would see any difference."
My wife Lisa says with a nasty voice, "Who made you the brain surgeon today?"
I smile, my wife just made my list as well.
I continue my speech, "Tomorrow we are going to try an experiment. It won't cost you anything, and I think it will be enlightening. You may even love it." I snicker. "This experiment just happens to coincide with a national holiday."
The smiles fall from the faces of both of my daughters. They know.
With a devilish smile, I continue, "Tomorrow, you will take part in National Nude Day. No clothing for twenty-four hours. I have a full day planned of activities, so we can experience the day."
Immediately they are complaining and talking over each other.
Lisa smugly cuts in, "I think this is a wonderful idea. You will get to be liberated for a day and learn a lesson at the same time."
I smile, "I am so glad you feel that way, you are joining them as well."
Lisa shouts at me, "No way I am getting naked in front of our children."
The other two are still complaining about the same thing.
I shout, "Enough! I made up my mind, go to bed. Spankings and getting the mail go with wearing clothes tomorrow. No robes, shoes, sandals, socks, hats, no nothing. Good night, and go to bed now!"
They are mad. I push my children out of my room. Lisa is furious with me. She rolls over and turns off the lamp. Yeah, I won. However, the win feels hollow. Did I push them too far? No. They need to learn a lesson and start respecting their clothes.
Chapter 2 -- National Nude Day
I wake up the next day, and my wife is not in bed. I take a shower and no towels. I dry off with a blanket. I reach for my underwear, empty. Fuck me. I look in my drawers, every single stitch of clothing I own is missing. So much for that hollow win. She took that away from me too. I am a big man, 6' 5" tall and 180 pounds. I have plenty of muscle because I work out often.
I work in an office building with an excellent gym. It pays well, but the gym is the best part of the job, I hate it. On the positive side, I am lean and muscular. I knew with my three beauties running around naked, I was going to need heavy duty pants to hide my erections. My wife took that away from me too. Now I will be the one embarrassed all day long. Today is going to suck. My wife and daughters are too good looking to not give me erections all day long.
Oh well, time to go downstairs and see the family. I can hear them talking even though they are trying to be quiet. The girls are still mad, and they're both giving their mother hell for my devious plan. She isn't backing down, not one bit. As I near the kitchen I can see Deidra. Oh yes, today is going to suck. Both my daughters are 6' tall, athletic, run a lot, and have 38C breasts that still stand up high. Today I have proof their bras are only for looks, they have no function. I now also know that both of my daughters shave all the way.
Now I am hard as a rock. If I had a 4" cock, it wouldn't be so bad, but with seven and a quarter, they are going to notice and realize I am that perv they always thought I was. I should go back to bed.
Deidra sees me and stares at me before shouting, "You fucking PERVERT! I am your daughter! Why are you gawking at me! Is this why we are naked? So, you can get off on watching us! Fuck you! I can't believe how sick you are."
That hurt my soul. Was she right? The shame and humiliation hit me. I walk into the kitchen and sit down. How am I going to hide today? How can I stop my cock from getting hard?
Self-confidence, gone. Manliness, gone. Motivation, gone. Loved husband and father, gone. I am ready to die from embarrassment. I hear my wife talking at me, I start to focus.
Lisa shouts at me, "Hey you mother fucker, you're making breakfast today. I am not going to have hot oil splashing and sizzling on me. You wanted us naked, you got it."
Dee giggles, "Damn dad, that's the biggest cock I have ever seen." Then in a very soft voice, she says, "Too bad it never gets used."
Lisa is quick to fire back, "What the fuck did you just say?"
Dee paused and then decided that saying nothing was far smarter. She was correct, Lisa would have exploded. I give her a sly smile, which only Dee saw. I know she appreciated that.
Dee says, "I want pancakes and sausage for breakfast."
I was a bit gruff, "Fine. I will cook and make pancakes and sausage. I may even put some blueberries in them, then we can call them healthy."
Lisa is quick to snap at me again, "Putting blueberries in bakery and then smothering it with butter and sugary syrup made with high fructose corn syrup is NOT a healthy breakfast."
Dee took a few steps towards me, gave me a big hug, and then sat down. What I felt was two razor sharp nipples stab my chest followed by the sensational sliding of her breasts. I am rock hard again in an instant. Both Dee and Deidra giggle more at me. I can't look at them, I am humiliated. Lisa is furious at Dee for her stunt.
I take out the Bisquick and read the recipe for pancakes. I start preheating the griddle and soon have sausage patties frying up. It doesn't take long to learn I don't need to be near the stove unless I am turning over sausage.
As I am taking off the sausage, a big spray of oil shoots out, hitting my stomach and top of my cock. I howl in pain while my wife giggles happily. Deidra ran for a paper towel and wet it with chilly water. She hugs my leg, a breast goes on each side. She daintily pats down my stomach where there are tiny red spots. Without thinking, she is holding my cock while rubbing it with the towel. I think it may be innocent.
Lisa explodes with a fierce barrage of insults at our daughter. I won't dignify them here, but she was brutal enough to bring our daughter to tears. I start on pancakes now. Lisa sure has a burr up her ass. I am just as naked as they are. Lisa is a gorgeous woman. However, even she might be feeling a bit insecure with Dee and Deidra in the same room naked. My wife is #3 in this household. With different women, she could be #1, but not with our two daughters. They are that spectacular.
I have had a boner all morning now and am suffering a bit from blue balls. I never should have had the thought, "Can it get any worse?" You know what happens when you think that? Something happens to make life for me far worse. My sweet innocent daughter Dee is the cause of my problem now. I start handing out pancakes and making more.
Dee asks my wife, "Mom, how does dad compare to other men you have had?"
I am lucky I am cooking. Lisa was trying to drink coffee, and it came out of her nose. To say she is shocked by the question would be a real understatement.
Dee asks again, "Certainly you weren't a virgin. How does dad stack up? I know what he has, but I want your opinion. It will help me with dating."
That last statement saved her from a beating, due to making Lisa more embarrassed.
Lisa was very careful in her wording, "Some were ok, some were terrible, and a few were spectacular." She got dreamy for a few moments. "I have not had a huge sample, but enough to know the good from the bad."
Deidra asked, "Is bigger better?"
Lisa was quick to answer, "No." Damn, that hurt. "Generally bigger is better but too big can be bad. Some of my best were with something much smaller." She can't look at me.
Deidra's next comment almost sent me to the floor when she says, "Is that why you don't screw dad anymore?"
What did she just say? How the hell does she know? I serve pancakes and make more.
Lisa is defensive, "Your dad is a very happy man in the bedroom." That was a partial truth, but I am not calling her a liar. I can think it though. I think, "LIAR!!!!" I grin, Lisa gives me a half smile.
Dee follows up, "That wasn't what she asked, though. We know he makes you happy, which gives him pleasure, but he never gets to get off."
Lisa's mouth is hanging open.
Finally, she defends herself, "We still have sex. At our age, it just isn't the same. Nothing we haven't done already. Your father is quite happy and exceedingly happy with our marriage."
I wonder, why are they pushing her so hard? What is their goal?
I sit down to eat with the next to last set of pancakes. The sausage is cold, oh well.
Deidra asks, "Are you going to help dad out?"
Lisa answers, weakly, "Your father can eat sausage and pancakes without any issue. I don't need to help him out."
Dee is frustrated, "Dad's boner has been going all day. Three naked gorgeous female bodies, he is excited. Yet no release for two hours now. You going to leave him like that?"
Lisa is defensive again and shows some anger, "I am not blowing or fucking him in front of you two. No way, no how, not going to happen. He can jack himself off after breakfast."
Deidra likes that idea, "Mom, can we get off too? We are both horny from watching you and dad strut around. That cock of his looks delicious. You are so lucky to have it whenever you want."
Lisa lazily replies, "Oh yeah, lucky me, I get that cock all the time."
Dee is confused, "Mom, what's wrong?" That surprised Lisa, her jaw hung open. "All you have done is complain about dad and his huge cock. Most women would die for something like that. Yet you never fuck him, you won't save him from blue balls, and he doesn't seem to be in your top 100 of men you had sexually. You do like men, right?"
Deidra shakes her chest, which causes her breasts to wobble. She then mocks laughter. She is flirting with me.
Lisa responds to Dee, "Your father is boring and unimaginative in bed. Ok, you happy now?"
Deidra asks, "What have you done to make it better for him? He does a heck of a job on you. We can tell he gets you off at least four times, and you can't bother to go once with him." She pauses. "The walls are thin, we hear everything whether we want to or not."
While Deidra was talking, Dee lifts her breasts and licks her own nipples. Then makes like she is offering them to me. What got into these two? I am uncomfortable about these questions, but honestly, I would like to know the answers as well.
Lisa tells Deidra, "It takes more than owning a big cock to please me. He needs to know how to use it and get better over time."
Dee asks, "Dad didn't get better? Or was it that you got better somewhere else?"
Both Lisa and I look at her with a shocked expression. My expression is, "What are you suggesting?" Lisa's phrase is, "How did you know?" My world, as I know it just crumbled into a million pieces. Lisa reaches for me with her hand. I move away from her like it's a lethal touch. Rage, fury, jealousy, and pain hit me hard.
Deidra asks Lisa, "Mom, why are you unhappy? You haven't loved him for years. You make more money than dad does. Again, I ask, why are you unhappy?"
Lisa has trouble making words, but eventually fumbles out, "I still love him and what he does for me."
Dee continues, "Ok, now we are getting somewhere. This is all about you. You want him to love you. You want him to pleasure you. And you don't give a dam about his needs and desires because they don't matter. Your needs are far more important. Then because you like it, you start fucking a younger man."
Lisa rages, "You make it sound like I am a bad person!"
Dee screams, "YOU ARE!"
Wait a minute, Dee accused her of fucking younger men, and she DID NOT deny it!
Dee's comment startled Lisa. She didn't like that answer. My wife got up with what little dignity she had left and walked to our bedroom. Nobody followed. I think she is crying but after what I just heard, fuck her. We will end up just like most other marriages, a failure. That hurts, it's nothing I ever wanted, I thought we were doing ok.
Deidra reaches for me and pulls me close to her body. My shoulder lodges between her two breasts, which split to opposite sides. This feels much better than it should.
She whispers to me, "I am sorry daddy. We have known for a while and could not stand by and watch her abuse you like she has. We love you. We will care for you regardless of what mom does. She has a lot of thinking to do, and then you will need to respond appropriately. Until then, we have dishes to do, and then you have a list."
My wife is cheating on me, and they expect us to continue like nothing is wrong?
I am still in shock, I watch my daughters playfully do the dishes. When filling the dishwasher then bend at the waist and look innocently over their shoulder or use two fingers to open the view of their pink pussies. If they walk past me, their legs graze my cock. They are killing me. They are also successfully distracting me.
When they finish, Dee announces, "Five jumping-jacks. Start. One."
Do I need to explain this? Two young, well-endowed women jump up and then fall down to earth again. The jumping has a delayed reaction in that the breast does not follow the body when it jumps up immediately. When it does catch up, it needs to go back where it came from, so it bounces back. My cock moves on, seeing this wanton display of sexiness.
After standing for a few seconds, unable to respond, I motion for them to follow me to the living room. They do.
I instruct them, "This room has many shelves and built-in display squares for our nick knacks we have collected over our marriage. I thought it would be nice to clean the shelves, boxes, and items in or on them. I know it's not sexy, but it's a lot of fond memories from before you two were born and vacations we went on after you were born. How many do you remember?"
I get several bottles of spray cleaners and rolls of paper towels. The last item is the kitchen garbage can.
Dee picks up a porcelain clown, "I always loved this item, where did it come from?"
I smile at her, "Our second year of marriage, we went to an outdoor circus. It had lights, bright colors, music, and lots of unusual odors good and bad. About a month later we were looking through a tiny seaside town, and we both spotted that. We both liked it, and we had to have it. We laughed when it was just $2.99. I would have paid over $100."
Deidra sprays the clown but was far away enough that she also hit Dee who jerks her body as the cleaner spray touches her. Being the caring sister, she takes a paper towel and wipes her breast softly. She made special attention to hit her nipple. They're killing me with this sexual teasing. My cock is throbbing.
Deidra picks up a brightly painted dragon, "I vaguely remember this. We bought this in China right."
I laugh, "No, it wasn't quite China. We were in another city, and they had a large area where everyone was Chinese and had Chinese shops, they call it China town. We were there for dinner and a festival. I don't remember exactly when but you two were tiny.
Lisa is leaning against the hallway wall and says, "Twelve years ago, it was the Chinese New Year. All of you loved the fireworks. Nothing scares you two."
As she moved towards the living room, it is apparent that she has been crying. I ignore her as we continue to clean. Lisa watches us. The girls sporadically poke each other with a finger when the other wasn't looking. Touching the side of a breast. Sliding a hand across a butt cheek. A quick run of a finger on the inner thigh got a squeal. These two are going to be a lot of trouble, I can't wait for our next activity.
We spend a good hour cleaning and discussing the items in the living room. We throw away the garbage but keep the cleaning supplies out.
I look down sheepishly, "I know you two aren't used to being naked and certainly not being naked around me. I had assumed that being eighteen, and with no release, you two may be a bit horny. Am I right?"
Dee snickers, "Dad, as soon as we finish or take a break, I am going to wear out my fingers. Yes, I am ready to explode."
I smile, "Yeah, I thought that might be the case. Since this is National Nude Day, the idea is to be comfortable with being nude. For many people, it can be sexually stimulating. Let's face it, you two have gorgeous bodies. The average guy sees you naked, he will instantly get hard. Since I wanted to learn to appreciate being nude, I think that implies we need a good relationship. One that we can stand here like we are now, nude, and it is not a problem."
I bring it home, "I devised a test to see where we are as a family. Are we a loving family, or are we some random humans standing here naked?"
Deidra says, "How do we test daddy? This sounds like fun."
I smile at my beautiful daughter, "I am glad you asked. I think you will like this test. Lisa, honey, come here. I want to see how you do on this test as well. We are all going to sit in a circle facing each other."
I wait for everyone to sit down. I stop talking, take my legs, and straighten them out. Then I take hold of my cock and start stroking it. Both girl's eyes go wide at the realization of what I am doing. Dee lifts a breast and licks the nipple while tweaking the other with her hand. Deidra takes two fingers and is now sloshing around in her pussy. Lisa doesn't move, she just watches the rest of us. Her eyes are darting around the room quickly, not wanting to miss a detail.
I am the first to get the much-needed relief. My balls were hurting, this release is exactly what I needed. I changed my cock angle, it's pointing straight up now. I shoot off five ropes of cum that land on my hand or around it. Three moans release with my action. Deidra is right behind me with her orgasm. She leans back on her elbows and is very happy.
Deidra says to me, "That was an awesome idea, dad. That was exactly what I needed, and with mom leaving you high and dry, I bet you certainly needed that as well. It's kind of sad that a cock like that goes wasted, and you have to relieve yourself."
Dee breathes hard twice and then lets out a scream as she orgasms as well, joining the group. She falls flat on her back, unmoving, yet very happy. She is enjoying the orgasm that is rushing through her body. Her legs are wide open and pointing at me. They're moist looking and puffy from being excited. Lisa is still working hard with two fingers on herself, she can't quite get there by herself.
Deidra is cruel at times, she aims this directly at Lisa, "Now you know what it's like to be dad. Much easier to have someone else doing it for you, isn't it? It also feels much better. But what would you know about that? Dad takes care of you whenever you ask for it."
Wow, the girls are really beating up their mother. She must have really made them mad. Do I stop them? They say she is cheating on me and she has yet to deny it. With no denial, I will let them roast the hell out of the bitch. She deserves this. Something is wrong, though.
If they know something, they're holding something back. If Lisa is cheating, I would have expected her to deny it more. She would be embarrassed and begging for forgiveness. No, something is wrong with this picture. It's all wrong, but each minute I learn more.
I announce, the next task is cleaning the kitchen floor. We are going to do old-fashioned hands and knees scrubbing, so it sparkles again. Amazingly, they love the idea. We get out a bucket, pour in the lovely smelling cleaner, dip brushes and start cleaning.
As expected, this is the most exciting position for my daughters. I really am terrible for this one. Being naked, their breasts hang straight down, and as they move, the breasts swing. The girls know this, they are continually moving. They swing their arms and body from side to side as they're cleaning the floor. This, in turn, forces their breasts to swing. That causes my cock to grow, and it hangs straight down as well. The girls giggle at me. Lisa is eyeing me, but I have no idea what's going on in her mind.
I can't tell if she wants to swallow it whole, rip it off, mount me, or just stare at it. I know my wife and I read her well. At least I thought I did. If she was cheating, I thought I would have known. I really want to know who it is. This will consume me soon.
For now, it's hard to concentrate on the floors. The girls are poking each other. I should tell them to stop, but it is so dam erotic watching those melons get poked and change directions. I notice that Lisa is facing away from me. I can see her hefty hanging fruit. I also have a terrific view of her wide-open pussy.
Lisa sets the brush down and uses two fingers to stimulate her pussy. Liquid runs down her legs. She looks over her shoulder to make sure I am watching. I am. She picks up her brush again. I get up and use my phone to order two pizzas online. I go back to dragging my cock on the floor as all three women are leaking on the floor now.
We finish the floor, they put away the cleaning products and wash up. The doorbell rings. All three are surprised. I tell all three, it's for you. Hesitantly, they go to the door and crack it to see who it is. I am sitting in the kitchen at the table.
I yell out to the family, "It's hot outside, invite him in."
Lisa opens the door wider and asks, "Please come in. It's hot outside, and I didn't know my husband ordered some pizzas. We are trying out this Nation Nude Day." She twirls around 360 degrees. "Do you like?"
Pizza boy stammers as he stares at Lisa, "Ah, ya, um, ya, I like. $20.37."
Lisa tells him, "One second while I get some money, Dee and Deidra will entertain you while I am gone."
Deidra asks, "Hey, handsome, what's your name?"
Lisa appears from around the corner in her usual walk. I have $25.00 sitting on the table.
She looks at me, "Have you no decency? It's one thing to make me do that, I am your wife. Those are your daughters. You really are a filthy pig."
She grabs the money with a scowl on her face and slowly walks back out front.
Lisa hands him the money, "Keep the change."
Dee opens the door, and the kid trips over his feet, leaving the house. He doesn't hit the ground, but it was awkward. The door closes. Both girls come running back to me with pizzas.
Deidra is defiant, "That was humiliating. With all, we have done for you. How could you do that to us? He was a complete stranger."
I continue her thought for her, "That stranger drops the pizzas. He grabs you by the arm. He forces you to walk over to the living room. He bends you over the back of the couch, forcing you against your will. He drops his shorts and underwear, revealing and sticking his eight-inch thick cock into your cunt. You scream. He takes you. He owns you. He is quickly sliding up and down your pussy, and you love the feeling of being split open.
"You want more. You meet his thrusts. You are both grunting. Soon he releases a massive load of six ropes of cum into your womb. As he pulls out, the plug is gone, and his spunk slides down your legs."
I pause for dramatic effect.
I continue, "You are both panting. He pulls up his boxers and shorts. He grabs the money from me and runs out the door. You hear him speed away as you are still catching your breath. Do you reach down and taste his cum?"
I look at all three women, filled with lust. My daughters are on edge, listening intently to my story. Their own breathing is elevated.
I continue, "That's the thing with voyeurism and exhibition, you don't know what will happen. Do you push someone too hard and they snap, or do you have a great mental experience? Today you got a touch of both. Many nude people like to be in public like on beaches or special safe areas. It's a social thing. It's not as fun in the home all by yourself. Inside our home with just family is safe, having the stranger over added to the experience, like being outside will."
Dee looks at me with deep concern in her eyes, "Daddy, how can you eat after telling that story? I am ready to burst with sexual energy. I need release. PLEASE!"
Lisa grunts and then reaches for Dee and inserts some fingers in her. Dee stands up straight, and I can see Lisa's fingers in Dee's pussy. That's interesting, Lisa is getting Dee off with her own fingers. She isn't making Dee do it herself like I have to. They both think this is no big deal. It is to me, I have never seen this before. Sure, I have thought about them. Doing something physical, that is a line I don't see me crossing. Lisa just did and without any thought, like it was natural and ... something they have done before.
Dee orgasms with a scream. Lisa realizes what she just did and immediately pulls her hand back. Oh yes, I didn't just see you spend four minutes with your fingers in our daughter's twat getting her off. What's the old saying, "Nothing to see here." I stare at my wife. She has shame written on her face, she can't look at me. I defiantly pick up a piece of pizza. Deidra is trying to not draw attention to herself. She has at least two fingers up her twat and is getting herself off. She muffles her scream, but with nobody talking, we all knew she finally got her relief.
Everyone is eating pizza now. I started first, so I am first to finish. For dramatic effect, I stand up. My cock is at full length. I move my body as I am talking to the girls. The result registers with them as my cock is waving back and forth above the table. Three sets of eyes are staring at it. I explain our next activity. I am almost giggling already.
I start with a smile, "We have worked hard this morning and experienced several new things together. I like this National Nude Day. Our next activity is the pool. We will check the chemicals, clean the filters, restock towels, sweep the pool deck area, and clean the pool bottom. Let's get cracking. I will do the chemicals. We all split up and get to our tasks.
Dee looks incredibly attractive with the long pool cleaning rod in her hands. Her body moves sexily slow as if she is dancing. I try not to watch because the chemicals are essential. I can't have my family getting sick on me.
We all finish and gather for the next part. I hand out sunscreen to everyone.
We are going to be outside for a while, we need to use sunscreen. Since it is hard to reach all your parts, we, as a family, will help each other out. We will start with Deidra. Make sure each body part gets sunscreen."
We all start with the more mundane parts like her shoulders, legs, and arms. Then we start narrowing in on breasts, pussy, and ass. Some parts get duplicated. We do Lisa next. I held her ass cheeks apart as Dee made sure it all gets covered. Each of us got her breasts. She never mentioned that we did the same body part three times. She came close to an orgasm but didn't make it.
We do Dee next. We rushed through the standard body parts and really gave it to her good on the naughty bits. She got a lot of slow massaging of her twat, ass, and both breasts. She came, which signaled our completion. I suggested I could do myself, but they maul me.
Deidra and Dee spend a bunch of time on my chest, they really can purr like cats. My ass cheeks got some lotion, but for me, they put a gallon on my cock, and it took several minutes to rub it in. They each took a third and rub as hard as they could. Guess what happens when so much effort goes into rubbing a cock? I grunt, groan, cry out, and shoot a massive load signaling that they have finished.
They're all giggling at me as I say, "Our next activity. I want each of you to jump in the pool and have fun. You have been good sports and worked hard. It's time to have ... more fun. Since you three have been teasing me all day with your antics. I think my magic tickle fingers might have to get revenge on you. Go jump in the pool now!"
On go, they are already running to the pool. Lisa does her laps for conditioning. The twins swim to the deep end and are watching me. They have spent so much time in the pool over the years they swim like a fish. I am more of a killer whale. I can take them out if I can catch them, and that is the problem with these two. I can't. I will tease them.
I stay in the shallow end and walk around just at the point where my balls are skimming the water. It feels cool having my boys dipping in the water. I lose track of the twins. The feeling put a big smile on my face. They both splash me, I ignore them. I start dunking my balls in the water, and that feels special. The contrast in temperature is just perfect. The air is relatively cool, and the water is nice and warm from the sun.
Deidra breaks me out of my reverie by asking, "Earth to daddy, that looks cool, can we try that?"
I look at her, "Honey, you are not equipped for this." I point at my balls.
Dee has a devilish smile on her face that I know means trouble. She grabs my arms, and we lock them straight. Deidra leans over so that she is leaning over our arms. She lets her legs go back behind her and keeps them straight and hard. We raise her out of the water and then dip her hanging tits in the water. It looked hot as hell. However, it did nothing for her. Too bad.
Dee found a fun game ... for her. She called the game, "Push daddy over." After setting Deidra down, I turn my back on Dee. She used her hand to reach under me and scratch my balls. I bend forward and look down, which made it all too easy for her to push me over into the water. She giggled hysterically.
Deidra says, "I can do better."
She goes down under water, pushes her lips over my cock head. Oh my, I went weak in the knees. She then grabs my legs and pulls them forward, knocking me into the water. They both laugh at me. I like this game, but I also hate it. I am not sure what to do.
Deidra grabs my body and pushes her breasts into me. She kisses me on the lips in a long, slow, hot kiss of sexuality. That is not a little girl kiss. She then turns me to the side and pushes me back, so I am arching my back. She lets me fall back into the water. They are getting quite brave and creative.
Lisa stands up and in a menacing voice, says, "I think that game is over."
I hate my life. I was finally having fun, I was winning. Then Lisa comes along, and I lose yet again. I pout and hop up on the edge of the pool. My head is down. Each daughter does the same, one on each side of me. They each put an arm around me. This forces a breast from each daughter to touch my shoulder. I can distinctly feel each nipple try to cut a hole in my skin.
Lisa is irritated, "I didn't say you had to get out of the pool, I just don't want each of you groping the other."
I put an arm around each daughter. They use their hands to trace my muscles in my chest. I am no body-builder, but I am far from overweight. I workout enough that I have a few muscles.
Lisa is furious, "Why can't you two keep your hands off of your father?"
Dee asks, "When you look at dad, what do you see?"
Lisa is surprised by the question, yet she answers, "I see a middle age guy with an average build, average looks, average body. He is like most fathers. He is probably a step above the others, his face is cute, and he has a great smile."
Both daughters look at Lisa like she is biting the heads off snakes.
Deidra states, "My friends rate him a 9. They love his chest, his height, his smile, his face, his golden hair, the way he is always positive. They want to suck his cock and then have him fuck them like lovers. It's funny how your opinion is so different. If I didn't know better, I would say you hate him. Did he cheat on you?"
Lisa laughs, "He couldn't do that, he doesn't have enough creativity."
Dee asks, "From the sounds at night, it sounds like he gets you off orally several times a night. Is that accurate?
Lisa blushes, "Yes, he can still do that."
Dee makes her point, "It would seem if a guy has enough creativity to get you off four times a night orally, he should be able to fuck you to one vaginally. I think you are the one with the problem. You only know two things, so that's why you needed a different man."
Lisa is in tears, "You don't understand."
Deidra mocks Lisa, "Oh really, you won't let dad fuck you, but we both have seen you fuck another man in our house."
There is silence now.
Lisa falls to tears, "You don't understand. He is too big. It causes me pain." She cries for a while.
We are silent and amazed at Lisa's revelation.
Lisa can continue on now, "I love your father very much and endured many years of pain so he could have fun. There is a big medical term for my condition. I have been too embarrassed to say anything, well, up until now. I love your father very much. I proved it for many years. I just couldn't take it anymore."
Lisa stands up and commands us, "It's hot out here, and this conversation is going to get interesting soon. Let's go inside where we have more privacy."
We follow her inside, and we all get a drink. Mine is a triple Crown Royal while the others have iced tea.
Lisa drops a bomb on me, "Dan is fucking me."
I have zero reaction to that. Not in my wildest dreams did I ever expect our son to fuck his mother. That just isn't an option. It's impossible. I don't believe it. I laugh.
I laugh at Lisa, "Ha, ha, ha. You almost got me. There is no way ..."
Lisa looks at me with pain in her eyes, it's true. I stop laughing.
Lisa continues, "Dan found the paperwork about my condition in the basement. He researched it, and then he then made me a proposal. Dan is eighteen, wanted to learn, was clean, and would not get between us. He is thick but short so that works for me. Part B of his plan was to find someone to take care of you, so we would each be enjoying sex again."
Deidra asks me, "Did you talk to Dan yesterday? Did he suggest this?"
Dee says in wonder, "That makes sense. We have sex with dad. We learn from him, we aren't a threat to mom, and we are clean. Why that little shit. He is trying to pimp us out to our own father. No way, I am not doing it. He can kiss my sweet ass, dad isn't getting me."
I can see Deidra thinking about it in her head. No shit.
Dee yells at Deidra, "You can't be considering fucking dad. That is too sick. Are you a slut? An incest whore?"
Deidra is quick to defend herself, "I guess my sex life is a whole lot different than yours. So far it hasn't been that great. Several premature ejaculations and nobody eats me. You have heard what dad does. I never have come close to anything like that. So yes, I am considering it. An older man with stamina and experience might be what I need. Mom, is he any good?"
Lisa is quick to reply, "Oh, yes. He has experience and is a master at eating pussy. You have no idea how bad I feel when I am forced to stop. If it didn't hurt so bad, I would ride him every night. You won't be disappointed."
Dee laughs, "You are just trying to help Dan, so you don't feel bad fucking him. Dad isn't that good, he is too old."
I laugh, "Spoken like a true eighteen-year-old. Don't worry Dee, I won't force you to do anything. If Deidra wants to, fine, we might try it, but I won't force either of you to do anything."
Deidra is curious, "You would fuck me? Really?"
I point out the obvious, "Deidra, look at yourself. You are beautiful. What guy doesn't want you? Even seeing you naked, I never saw you as a sexual thing. However, with all the sexual teasing and this conversation, I think it's possible. I don't know. It was never an option before. Nothing I wanted. You are my daughter, people don't do this, or so I thought.
"I have to think about it. There is no doubt you are sexy enough. I just don't know if I could do it. My job in life is to protect you."
Lisa interjects, "She is eighteen and no longer needs your physical protection. We failed in their sexual education, all three are clueless. Dan knew nothing our first time. He ripped away my towel and took me from behind. He finished in thirty seconds. I led the next time and showed him how to please a woman the right way. He has made great strides in such a brief time."
Lisa looks at Deidra, "Your dad can show you what you should expect from men. It will be some of the best sex you will ever have. He will take you places you never knew existed. An eighteen-year-old can go multiple times once they learn they can and recover much faster. An experienced lover only needs one time, twice might kill you. It is far more emotional where the eighteen is all physical. The sooner you can teach a young person what your dad teaches you, the sooner your life will change."
Dee is shy, "If you do it, can I watch?"
Deidra shot her a look of acceptance. I look at the clock, it's 5:00 PM.
I announce, "I can grill some chicken, or we could have something delivered. Chinese?"
Dee looks at me, "The Chinese place has a cute delivery boy."
Lisa says, "Shrimp Egg Foo Young!"
Deidra says, "Sweet and Sour Shrimp!"
Dee says, "Szechwan, Shrimp!"
I ask, even though I know the answer, "Shall I prepay?"
Three screams hit me, "NO!"
Yup, I was right. I have heard that seafood and specifically shrimp are aphrodisiacs. All three women order shrimp, delightful. I call in the order. Forty-five minutes later, the doorbell rings. All three ladies run to the door and invite the guy in. Dee comes back for my credit card, and Deidra explains about National Nude Day. He relaxes with the explanation.
The guy calls back with the number. It takes him three tries because he is talking too fast. I come around the corner, and Dee is shaking her body, so her tits are flying back and forth. My wife is standing still, but her back is arched, showing off her impressive rack. Deidra has a hand on his shoulder and a finger on her chin that moves to his lips as he is trying to talk. The guy looks like a deer in headlights.
He jumps when he notices me. He looks afraid for his life, so I smile at him. Deidra uses her hand to now grab his ass. He jumps again. He looks at me and asks "Tip?"
I suggest to the girls, "How about you each tip him with a hug and a kiss."
I thought he was going to faint. Lisa was first. She presses her chest into him and then a quick peck on the lips. Dee is next. She also presses her chest into him but supplies a swift, soft, kiss on the lips. Deidra also touches her chest into the guy, but she gives him a real kiss that lingers for a moment. She then pushes him out of the house. I take the food into the kitchen and set it out. We each get an egg roll and some fried rice.
They can't stop talking about how awkward the poor lad was. He was not prepared for our house. It's interesting at how their attitude has changed so quickly. This morning that previous exchange would have mortified them and now it was something they purposely did for fun. It was a nice dinner. As we are finishing, the conversation slows and then altogether stops. They're nervous about the next stage.
I set the mood, "If we are going twice tonight, I think it's best to start early. I will need time to recover my stamina. I don't want Dee getting a lesser experience. I will start by asking, Deidra, do you really want to have sex with your dad? Is this what you want?"
Deidra has a smile on her face, "Yes, dad. I do want to have mind-blowing sex, and I want you to be my first."
I ask her, "You do realize I am getting the much better deal, here right?"
Deidra shot me down, "No, I am. You get a young cute young body. I get a lifetime of knowledge, and every time I have sex, it will be far better than it would have been otherwise. I am fine."
I can see her point. She is a smart girl. She stands up from the table and struts down the hallway and up towards our bedroom. She never looks behind to see if I am following her. I am. Obediently. Behind me is Lisa and then Dee.
She walks into the bedroom, turns on the lights, and then crawls into the middle of the bed. She had been very confident, but right now, she looks scared and unsure of herself. The moment might be a bit too much emotionally for her. She may be having second thoughts. I slowly lay down on the bed. I leave space between us so we can talk.
I pick up her hand and intertwine our fingers.
I ask Deidra, "Is this something you really want? This isn't your bother or mother coercing you, so they feel better, is it? I need to make sure you understand that you don't need to do this."
She smiles at me, "You know, sometimes you are too cute. Nobody forces me to do anything. Not you. Not mom. Nobody. When you see my naked body up here for display and use, this is what I want. Am I nervous? Yes. Do I doubt my ability? Yes. But that is why I am here, to face those fears and get over it. I am no virgin, but the experience was so bad, it was enough."
I smile at her, "I think I can give you everything you want and then some. You will hit college a confident and experienced woman. You will be in high demand."
I get up on my hands and knees, my cock hanging down, everyone is watching me. I get between her knees and move my head into a position that I can eat her orally. I don't want her thinking sex is only fucking. I don't want her, thinking that her desires are unimportant or don't matter. I want her to know how much fun this is, I lean in and start lapping at her pussy.
Lisa starts the narration, "As a woman, your needs come first. Your father is warming you up with some oral stimulation. All women deserve it, it's not optional unless you're desperate. If your little stud isn't so good, at least you get something out of it. It's not your fault he is no good, he can improve. You will be more responsive when warmed up. If a guy hates oral, he isn't good enough for you. He is telling you that your desires don't matter. That isn't good anywhere, but the bedroom is yours, you own it."
I think Lisa lost her audience, I am licking away at a nice soft but quick rate. Deidra is moving around on the bed back and forth in response to my oral skills. She is grasping the bedding, and stomping her feet on the bed. She giggles, laughs, and moans. A most unusual collection of noises. She is working hard to breathe enough air. Her eyes are wide open with surprise on her face. She knows what I am doing to her, but she seems surprised that it feels so good coming from a tongue.
I give her some cheek bristles from my 5:00 shadow to her thighs, and that sends her screaming crazy. I go back to licking. Lisa continues.
Lisa is smiling and talking, "It's always better when someone else does it for you. A tongue, when used well, is magical. No masturbation can compete with a talented partner. Men and women are much different. Neither is better, they're just different. Your father is very talented.
Deidra can't take any more. She screams and clamps her legs around my neck with superhuman power, I am in trouble, I can't breathe. I pull hard with my arms, and she finally ceases. Her legs fall apart. I think she is in shock. She is awake and eyes moving between us. She has no voice, no words for the experience.
Deidra proves me wrong, "Holly shit that was good. Fuck! I have never experienced anything like that. Damn dad, you are superb. Any time you want, my panties will fly off so you can do that to me again. Well, other than right now. If you can do that with your tongue, what will that cock do to me?"
I smile at my precious daughter, "I hope to do a bit more to you and make you feel even better. If you are ready?"
Deidra spreads her legs wide for me. I slowly move up the bed. I insert two fingers to test her. She has a sloppy pussy, perfect, she really wants this. I really was worried they were strong-arming her. She has a strong desire for me to fuck her. That makes a massive difference to me.
I slide forward and move my head into position. Lisa looks a bit sad. Not sure I can forgive her for holding out on me. She can tell me anything, I am her husband. Well, other than the fact that our son is fucking her. That, I could have lived without that knowledge.
I start pressing forward, sliding my meat into my daughter. Her eyes and wide open. She has a perfect "O" going. She watches me, and then my cock slide in. Back to me and then back to my cock. Back and forth she goes, like watching tennis. As I near full insertion, she releases a primal groan of pleasure. I pull out at almost the same slow speed, and her face is now near tears. The happiness of being split open and filled is lost.
Lucky for Deidra, it comes back again, and again, and again. Over and over, I pull out and then thrust back in. I am uneven in that I pull out slowly and push in quicker. Her face tells me precisely which way my cock is going. Soon, I pick up speed and am cruising along, plowing into my daughter as she shouts "woof" with each thrust. She is so dam cute while being fucked.
Lisa looks at Dee, "Right there, that medium speed of fucking. There isn't anything better in this world when your father thrusts his stick into your pussy. It slides in and out, causing friction, heat, and joy. It's truly a fantastic ride. Sometimes I still ride him because it is so good. That's why I never told him. If he knew, he would never fuck me again."
Holy shit, she is right. I won't fuck her again now that I know. Damn that woman, she knows me too well. My eyes tear up, and I am dripping on Deidra, she looks confused. She is crushed.
Lisa is quick to comment, "No, no, Deidra. The tears aren't about you. You father was furious at me because I cheated on him. Because I didn't tell him about my condition. For lying to him for too many years. He just realized I was right not to tell him because he will never fuck me again. He won't hurt me. Your father is too good a man for that. I should never have fucked Dan."
Lisa is sobbing by herself. I can't stop, that would kill the mood and Deidra's special moment. I zero in on Dee and then flick my eyes towards Lisa. She got the hint and went to comfort her mother.
I reach over and pull Deidra to me. She is so light, I move her body with ease. I bring us together and kiss her gently on the lips. In no time, her tongue is tapping on my teeth. I allow her access into my mouth. Our tongues do a short ballet together, it's a beautiful moment between us. I feel all of the stiffness in her body evaporate. She is putty.
My right-hand moves to her firm, perky, breasts. I palm her entire breast in my hand. Ok, I try to, her breasts are larger than a handful. I do get a large handful, and they are spectacular. Of course, they are, she is eighteen. Lisa's are still very lovely, but you can't beat eighteen when you are forty. Her nipples are rough on top of the tips. Her mother has better length, but Deidra has a wider nipple.
As I find out by squeezing a nipple, they are just as sensitive. I get an "Ah, ah, ah!" out of her from the pinching. To make up for the pain, I break the kiss and suck hard on a nipple. To show my skill, I lighten up on the suction and then alternate between increasing strength of the suction or diminishing the power of the suction.
Deidra is almost hyperventilating from my actions and the pleasure she is receiving. Sucking and pinching do her in for her first orgasm. She is cute, no scream, no sound at all. The most I got out of her was a sigh of satisfaction and a huge smile on her face. She is content with what I have done so far. If we stopped, she would be happy.
However, I can't stop myself, I want to fuck her. I don't know if it is revenge or because she is so hot. Either way, I have needs, and she has the path to my orgasm. First stop, eat pussy. It's evident that the girls know a lot about my skills in this area. It's time she learns a bit about my real skills.
I widen her legs, and her sexual aroma hits me hard. Wow, she is ready. I use my tongue to probe inside her honey pot and find copious liquids for lubricating my cock when the times comes. For now, I will sample some of those delightful fluids. Sure enough, she is sweet like a peach. The aroma, though, is more earthy. She is an exciting contrast.
My tongue dashes up the right side of lips and then back down on the inside of her lips. I then run again on the left side this time. Her body buckles but no orgasm. I plunge my tongue in deep to get a hint of her pleasure palace secrets. I pull out and start some basic lapping with my tongue as wide as possible. These are slow lappings, almost lethargic. I speed up with a thinner tongue and then finish her off with just the tip of my tongue flicking back and forth as quickly as possible.
Deidra explodes in a gush of liquids. As I sit back and let my daughter catch her breath, Dee is going to town on Lisa. Unfortunately, Dee doesn't have my skills at eating pussy, so Lisa isn't getting off quickly. Ha, maybe she will appreciate me now.
I quietly instruct Dee, "Use two fingers or attack her nipples. It takes two stimuli to get your mother off."
My attention back on Deidra, I lean forward again and kiss her lips and at the top of her lips, on her clit. It's not just the clit, it's around that area as well. I then go back to her lips. I run my tongue up and down the inside and outside of her lips quickly, revving her engine. Then I slow down and wiggle my tongue around the same section for a second at a time. It's more of a short up and down stroke, but slowly and with some pressure on the tongue.
That sets her off again, and this time with a scream that interrupts Dee and Lisa. Dee is stuck using just a few fingers like a dildo to please Lisa. This won't get her off, but it will make her happy.
While I am stopped, Dee catches my eye and then says to my wife, "I am sorry, mom. We blackmailed you into eating us, we have no idea how to please you." Now she is looking at me. "When we found her fucking her own son, we forced her to eat us on demand, or we would tell you. In our power high, we were just like her, we left her high and dry. I have no clue what I am doing here."
I set her at ease, "We are on to the main event anyways. You want to watch this close."
Deidra commands Dee, "Get me a scrunchie from my room. Quick!"
I don't understand that at all. Why does she want to add a ponytail now? I guess it will help keep her hair out of her eyes.
Dee quickly returns, and Deidra takes the scrunchie, folds it twice, and then puts it on my steel cock. She presses it all the way up to my balls.
I am confused, "What the hell did you just do?"
Deidra is forceful in her answer, "Shut up and fuck me. You will understand ... soon."
I have a steel shaft that needs to be inserted into eighteen-year-old pussy. I move up the bed a bit and align my cock with her entrance. I look deep into her eyes and only see desire and joy. I don't even ask, I start pushing forward slowly again. I don't know where her cervix is. I am not making the same mistake I did with her mother. I want her to love this.
Like she mentioned, the young boys had small dicks. I am going deeper and expanding the channel as I slide into her molten vagina. My oh my, this is amazing. She is tight, and the feeling as I slide in is terrific. I still go slow, and I know I am in further than her mother. Yet, before I bottom out, I have the wall of doom blocking my path to full pleasure. I back off slightly so that I am not hurting her.
I rest at this spot so she can adjust to my width. I used to do that often as I am fairly thick. Diedtra takes this moment to pull her scrunchie up my cock so that it is snug with her pussy lips.
Deidra says to me, "That is your marker. Stop as you feel the scrunchie hitting me, and I will feel no pain."
I hear Lisa gasp. Like lightning, she gets her own scrunchie and is back on the end of the bed with Dee. They are spooned up at the end of the bed. Lisa is slowly running her hands over her daughter's breasts, slowly massaging them. Occasionally, she reaches down and dips her fingertips into Dee's slot.
I pull out of Deidra slowly. It's almost as much fun. Technically it should be identical, but there is something about the act of plunging into a woman that makes it better than pulling out. Of course, the best part of pulling out is that you can now plunge back in. I do plunge back in slowly; still, she hasn't adjusted to me fully. The marker helps in that I immediately start backing out as soon as I feel it.
At the bottom of my plunge, Deidra now emits a cute grunt of satisfaction. As I pick up my pace, the grunt is more rooted and louder. She can't talk, but the smile on her face tells me everything I need to know. She loves this every bit as much as I do. She is tight, that means my cock is held tight, and that means as I slide in and out of her pussy, it feels marvelous. She has a flood going from so much lubricant that some comes out with each exit of my shaft.
I don't care, the feeling is too good. Her hands are holding my shoulders so help keep her in place. That, in turn, means that her fingernails are biting into my skin. My skin isn't used to this rough treatment because I don't fuck my wife. It's not long, and I have blood leaking from me. Lisa runs downstairs, probably searching for the first aid kit.
I solve the problem by picking up Deidra and flipping her over onto hands and knees. I thrust in and then press forward until I feel the wall of doom again. I back up and re-adjust the scrunchie. Since she is warmed up, I go right back to her pace. It's a beautiful thing, pushing in and pulling out of a young, beautiful woman. Now her breasts are swinging free. I can see them a bit as they swing in circles, not just back and forth.
I have a great pace going, and I know exactly how far to thrust in and pull out. I fall into a zone, everything just works without any thought at all. I get to spend more time on the thought that I am banging my beautiful, eighteen-year-old daughter, in front of her sister, and mother.
For thirty minutes I am effortlessly fucking my daughter, Deidra. I can feel my need building. It's time to speed this along. I noticeably speed up my pace, Causing my daughter to instantly look at me with concern. Deidra gives out a low, long, moan of acceptance. She is breathing noticeably harder, and we are both wet from sweating.
It's warm in here, and we are both enjoying the pleasure. I am positive we both look like we are oiled. Now that I am going faster, I can see Deidra's neck and back turning pink. She isn't getting enough of a breath. This is bad.
Lisa speaks up, "Deidra, pay attention to your breathing. Take good deep breaths. It's natural to be overwhelmed and forget to breathe. Keep it in mind for as long as you can."
Dee asks her mother, "She needs to be told to breathe?"
Lisa giggles, "Honey, look at your father. Look at Deidra. Have either of them ever smiled like that before?" Dee shakes her head, no. "That is why I know your father never cheated on me. To answer your question, yes. The feeling is so ... amazingly good, that everything other than that feeling cease to exist. It's powerful like nothing you have ever experienced. There is no better feeling in the world.
"Giving birth is a close second. Not the part of pushing an eight-pound bowling ball through that same slot. No. But right after that, when I could see your tiny body, that was the second greatest feeling. The first time your father fucked me good, like this that is still number one. And I am sorry to say, it's not even close."
I move to my maximum speed. The scrunchie is long forgotten. I have to shorten my stroke to go as fast as I am.
Deidra starts a scream of, "Immmmmm Cuuuuuuuuummmmmminggggg ...," and then it is choked off as her body orgasms.
I slow down and watch my daughter have the best moment of her life, right in front of me.
Dee asks her mother, "Why hasn't dad stopped, is something wrong? Did Deidra screw up?"
Lisa laughs at her daughter, "Oh, no honey. Deidra did everything perfectly. She is having the hardest orgasm of her life, and nothing is going to stop it. What happens if your father releases now? Does Deidra feel anything?"
Dee has the perfect answer as understanding hits her, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh."
I continue plowing my daughter, although at a much slower pace. I want to stay on edge.
In a moment of confusion, Deidra wakes up and asks, "Dad? You are still fucking me?"
I speed up to maximum speed again, Deidra grunts three times, and then I thrust up until I graze her cervix and let go of my first rope of cum. I hold it, pull out, and then quickly slam in as I shoot my next rope of cum deep into Deidra.
My daughter screams out, "Oh, fuck. Holy shit that is awesome. I can feel the stream hit my cervix, and then I can feel it pool inside of me."
I pull out and thrust in, shooting another rope of cum into her body. I pull out, move up the bed, and allow the next three ropes of my cum paint her torso and the bottom of her breasts. She giggles as the cum splashes her breasts. I think she wanted to run her fingers run through the cum, but Dee and Lisa have much different ideas.
When I pull out and shot my fourth rope of cum into Deidra's torso, Dee and Lisa jump off the bed and rush Deidra. One on each side, they are licking the cum off of Deidra's body as my sixth rope shoots through the air.
Normally, I roll off to the side. Today, I push off and move to the foot of the bed where I lay lengthwise on the bed. Eventually, someone will clean my wounds and bandage me. I didn't roll over because that would have given us bloody sheets. That may have traumatized Deidra, and no way I do anything to cause that.
+++++
I wake up on my side, and Deidra is sucking and cleaning my cock. I can feel several bandaids on my shoulders and arms. Her oral skills are terrible. However, she is young, cute, and sucking my cock. Even with bad skills, she has good results. My wife and Dee are touching each other's breasts playfully. One presses a nipple and then retracts her arm and hand.
The other pushes a nipple into the breast and then follows suit but retracts the arm and hand. They continue this until I am hard, which was only thirty seconds of that. Dee moves on the bed so she can kiss me lightly on the lips. The kiss lingers for a while before she pulls away.
Dee is looking deep into my eyes when she says, "I have had needs for years. Just today, seeing how gentle and caring you were with Deidra, for the first time, I have a matching desire. A desire to feel my pussy eaten correctly and then to have you fuck me good. No, I am sorry, I don't want you to fuck me."
Oh shit, I almost had both!
Dee continues, "I want you to make love to me like you do mom. My body is like Deidra, keep the scrunchie in place. I know when you got soft, it moved, we will have to re-measure. I love you, daddy."
Dee leans back on the pillows, her back against the mattress. I go straight for her pussy lips with my tongue. I go "girl mode" on her, I kiss her pussy with light, gentle kisses. Surprisingly, not even a moan. Ok, that failed big time. Let's be more aggressive, kitty milk time. Like a young kitten slurping milk from a shallow bowl, I use just the tip of my tongue and quickly lash back and forth. This, she likes much more. I go even further and use more force, but only some of the time, I vary the strength that I use on her to keep it fresh.
Now I have the moan, and her hands reach out for my shoulders. However, as she feels the bandages, she adjusts her hold and grabs my chest. My hands reach up and alternate between squeezing a nipple and squeezing a breast with ever-changing intensity. Her nipples are sensitive, I hold back on the power that I use. Like I said, they are really sensitive. I introduce Dee to a motorboat on her pussy lips, and she laughs at first but then orgasms from the feeling.
I give her time to recover. When I start again, I am forceful with a wide tongue. I want to maximize the coverage of her mons and lips. I poke the clit, but I only want to use that minimally. To counter these licks, I alternate to a soft, thin tongue that rolls around the lips as I scan my way up and down, memorizing the contours of her unique lips. Back and forth, I go between forceful and soft until she blows up again.
When I finish, I am ready for one more round. However, Dee has other ideas.
Dee whines, "Daaaaaaad, You have proved your ability, I believe you. However, I can get Deidra to eat my pussy anytime. You, I can't get any time. I am ready. Now. Like, right now. Why haven't you moved? You can't fuck me kneeling way down there. Daaaaaaaaadyyyyyyyyyy, pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee."
I do move up the bed, at my rate, when I want to. I am not a slave to an eighteen-year-old. She can wait for me. Lisa grins at me for winning this round. It's about time!
I move up in front of Dee's pussy and rest my head at her entrance. I put on the scrunchie and start the slow process of thrusting my cock into her pussy. Dee has much less experience than her sister. Her face contorts into several funny looks as I shove my man meat into her vagina. My shaft slowly rolls into her body and along the walls. I am fascinated that she can take most of my cock. She has two orgasms with me just pushing my cock into her furnace. It seemed to take forever to get my cock in. A few times, she was willing to give up, but that would have been a colossal mistake.
Dee looks exhausted, and all I have done is push in. She has no idea how much her life is going to change. I pull out at a much faster rate than I drove in with. Now I can thrust into my beautiful daughter. It goes faster than it did before, and she is just beginning to realize what she is in for.
I pull out again, and she can't speak. The feeling is awesome. As I push in, I don't have to stop. Dee's eyes pop out of her head, and she moans deeply in response to the feeling. It's crushing her defenses. I speed up as she is loosening up for me. In and out I go. With all her lubrication, I quickly slide in and out, there is almost no friction.
She is a great fuck. Plain and simple, she is excellent. She takes more than her sister did. I notice that my wife got up off the bed and is walking towards the doorway. There, in the doorway, is my son Dan. He looks scared to death of me, and won't come into the room. My wife takes him by the hand, and she takes him into the hallway, and I hear the door close.
That seals it, my marriage is over. She chose him over me. Damn, that hurts. Deidra and Dee saw the same thing I did. They look worse than I do. It's worse, they are mad. I pick up my pace, I don't want to dwell on the bitch when I have a horny, young, and willing woman beneath me. I have a nice rhythm going at the moment, and all thoughts of my wife have vanished. Dee is fantastic. I need this to be special for her.
I pull out. Dee's mouth opens, and she looks like she is going to cry. I use my hands to help my daughter up, turn her around, and then settle her into doggie position. During this procedure, I see the look of confusion get replaced by the look of understanding. No need to say anything, she understands and spreads her legs wide for me.
As I press into my daughter, she yells out, "Fuck! Me! Damn that feels good. I am your bitch, ride me, hard daddy."
She is talking too much, I move to a faster speed, and she is grunting now. I hear her fighting for deep breaths. I see her fluids leaking down her thighs. I bet she is riding a high from the fun of fucking. I know I am. This is awesome. However, the faster I go, the quicker I get to the end zone and need to score. Right now, at this speed, I am racing to the end zone, and nobody is in my way.
I now want to show Dee something extraordinary, I use my fastest speed. Her arms give out. Her chest and face are face down into the bed, which forces her to turn her head, so she can breathe. I am a maniac, shoving my man meat as hard and fast as I can into her body while I follow it up with pulling out as quick as I can. My field of vision has narrowed to just my daughter. All else ceases to exist.
I have one thought in my mind, fuck as fast and hard as I can. The violence of the slamming has let up in place of speed. She can barely function. I don't think she is taking breaths anymore. I stop holding back and release the torrents of cum that I have left into my precious, sweet, loving daughter. I use big, slow, hard thrusts to shoot each rope of cum into this perfect woman.
Blast after blast of cum, shoot into the core of my daughter. As I finish, Dee screams a deathly note that is held forever as it trails off.
+++++
It's still dark out. I am in my bed. My wife has my head in her lap, she is petting me, and stroking my wet matted hair that is still wet from the sweat of fucking my two daughters. Deidra, Dee, and Dan are not in sight. I have a frown on my face, I really don't want to see my wife. However, I am fatigued. They wore me out. I look up, and it's 11:00.
My wife tells me, "We need to talk."
I want no part of this, I don't even dignify her talking with a response of any kind. No eye movement, no sigh, no words, nothing. I just don't care anymore.
My wife says, "I cut Dan off. We are done. He didn't take it well. He threw a hissy fit and threw me out of his room."
Again, not the slightest of responses from me. I am pissed, and this will piss her off. She wants an argument, I won't give her one. She wants me to rage. No response. Inwardly, I smile at myself. I win.
My wife tells me, "The girls will never fuck you again, either."
Not the slightest response on the outside. Inside, I am crying. I can't fucking catch a break. Can't I ever win? Just once? Every time I think I get a win, it is snatched from me. I am Charlie Brown, and my wife is Lucy with the football. Every time I get close, and she snatches it out of my hands. My life sucks. My eyes tear for real now. It was against my will, but dammit, I am sad.
There is a soft, timid knock on our door. I don't move, not going to start now. My wife doesn't move or acknowledge it. They knock louder. No response. They knock, even louder. It must be Dan, he rattles the hinges. No answer. Finally, he and my daughters all file into our room.
Fucking hell, now my whole family can witness me tearing. I still don't respond.
My wife explains, "He isn't taking this well."
Dee gets up on the bed. I can feel she is still naked, and she covers my body.
Dee is soft when she speaks, and she is crying herself, "It was Dan's idea. He fucked Deidra and me once, and it was a horrible experience. Dan sucked in bed, at sex. He set this whole plan in motion. He talked mom into fucking him. Then he gets this great idea to talk you into trying World Nude Day. We were to expose Dan and then we would fuck you, so we could learn. You were awesome dad.
"However, because mom saw us use scrunchies, she realized she can fuck you again. Tonight she gave up fucking Dan which meant that we had to stop fucking you. Then we find out, and you are pissed at mom, and your marriage is going down the shitter because of us. That's why we are here to tell you that it wasn't mom's fault. It was ours. She mucked up our great plan by choosing you over, Dan."
OH MY GOD! My whole house has gone crazy. My kids fuck each other, and they suck at it. They seduce their parents, they learn how to fuck, and then they can fuck each other. What kind of family have I raised? Worse part is I let my daughters seduce me. What kind of person does that make me?
Oooo, I am inspired in a brief flash of brilliance. I sit up straight, startling everyone. They all seem stunned that I moved, yet nobody can speak.
I give one order, "Dan, get your tripod, and your camera, then meet all of us out front of the house. Come on family, we are going to take a picture and commemorate this day. This is a day we are all going to look back on."
They all look weary, I didn't say we would look back at it with happy memories. They follow me downstairs, and we wait at the front door for Dan. I have him go out and set up the camera with a timer. I know he will have to do a final focus once we are out there. It's after 11:00, I don't expect anyone to be out there, but that is the fun. You never know.
We soon follow. I stand about ten feet away from the camera with Lisa at my side. Deidra stands on the opposite side of me, and Dee is in front of me on her knee. Dan focuses and then sets the timer. Sure enough, a car comes whizzing by as Dan kneels next to Dee in front of my wife. As the vehicle is in front of our house, the bright flash goes off, exposing us for a burst of a second.
The car swerved once, then twice, and I thought it was going to roll over. However, the driver slowed down, gained control, and kept on driving. Being outside, that is the single, most exciting thing I have ever done. I was a nervous wreck the entire time. Neighbors, kids on the streets, people coming back from movies or dates. All kinds of stuff could have happened, and a near car crash did happen. The perfect ending to a screwed up day. A day that almost nothing went my way. Time for changes.
We go inside, and I make another order, "We are done. Go get your clothes, and let's all put our clothes back for tomorrow."
Chapter 3 -- The Conclusion
My wife walked to the garage while my son goes to the basement. My wife places two pieces of luggage at my feet, and she takes her two upstairs. Dan hands a box to each of my daughters, and he goes back downstairs. I open my luggage and pull out my boxers, a shirt, shorts, socks, and then put it all on. I am sitting on the couch, tying my shoelaces when my son came up and stops dead in his tracks.
He can't speak, so I do, "Dan. You're the man of the house now." I toss him the house keys. "You wanted these women, you got them." He grinned wide. "I am quitting my job, I hated it anyway. There is a mortgage, car payments, insurance payments, utilities, food, and save plenty for clothes.
"I think you could say I am having my mid-life crisis. I thought my wife loved me, but she wanted to fuck my son. I thought my daughters loved me, but they wanted to fuck my son. No need for me to be here anymore. The good news is that if I do decide to drive off a bridge, I will try to make it look like an accident so you can collect the insurance money. That would help you out a bunch.
"You can have all of our savings and checking account. That should keep you going for a few months. I have money stashed away that will last me long enough for what I plan to do."
I look at the stairs, and three helpless women are looking at me with tears in their eyes.
I say to them, "You win, I can't take this. You can fuck him all you want now. I am leaving my phone, tablet, and laptop with you, it's all yours. Nothing on there I want anymore. Goodbye."
I walk to the door, everyone shouts out to me, and then they reach out for me as I walk into the garage, poke the button to open the door, then proceed to get in my car and leave three women balling in the doorway.
I admit that my first thought was to drive off a bridge. However, I learned a long time ago that making emotional decisions are generally bad decisions. I will wait for two days to make that decision. I drive non stop up to Washington DC. Sixteen straight hours. Several meals and many rest stops, but I made it.
I spent my first day sleeping. I then spent many days visiting the tourist sites, and my life long dream, the Smithsonian. I saw the whole thing. I spent one day in each building and then the evening with an escort. My oh my, Washington has some mighty fine women working there. Tall, lean, young, and just enough experience. The first time, I was interrogated for thirty minutes, and they checked me and my room out.
I explained my issues and discussed them with each woman, getting their opinions. Soon, they all know me or know of me, and they look forward to a night out with me. I took them out for dinner, we did something fun, generally something they liked, and then we went back to my room. I ate them each to four orgasms and then fucked the hell out of them with my full length.
They knew I was going to Miami next. I was given a gold card that had a number in Miami. They assured me that would make my first time go much smoother. They have offices in all the big cities. She said she would call down, but that is something people say, not do. The card will help, so I appreciated the gift.
I took my time driving to Miami. There, I enjoyed the beaches during the day and the nightlife in the evenings. Washington did call down, and I was treated like royalty. By now, every girl knows my story and my reputation. They also know that I had not made my decision to drive off a bridge or go back to my family.
It was on the tenth day that a man with two colossal bodyguards came to my room and not a woman, Cindy, that I expected. Needless to say, I am startled.
I say to the man, "Um, I think they made a mistake. You seem like a nice guy, but that isn't quite what I am looking for tonight."
The man has a thick accent, but he says to me, "No sir, I am not here for what you want. I am here for what you need. We share a very good friend if you know what I mean. Cinnamon."
It hits me, "Oh, you mean Cindy. Yeah, we had a ton of fun. I hope she does become a lawyer someday."
The man chuckles, "Oh, she will all right, I will make sure of it. She can be very persuasive. I will be first in line to give her a job when she graduates from school. However, you are the reason I am here tonight. She says I need to give you a job, so I will."
I laugh at the man, "Hahaha. I guess she doesn't know me so well. You may not want to hire her if her instincts are so bad. There is no way I am working for you if you are being coerced. I have principals, morals, I can't do that. I worked in network security, it's a life choice, not one you can turn on and off. You are free to go." I ignore the fact that I fucked my two daughters.
He doesn't move. He does smile at me.
He then snickers as he says, "I guess I do need to hire her. She told me that if I put it to you that way, you wouldn't take the job even though you really need it."
I get defensive, "I have other choices still. I haven't made any decisions."
He smiles at me, "That is why I am here, I am here to help you make that decision, the correct decision. People love you and care for you. Seeing your honesty and the way all the girls gush about you, I need to hire you. However, I will double your last salary if you answer my one question? Why do they all fucking love you so much?"
I ask, "When do I start?" I smile at him. "Ok, the answer to your question ... I eat them to four orgasms before I fuck them."
He looks at me, astonished, "They are escorts, you don't have to eat them."
I finish the lesson, "And that is why they like your money and love my company. I take them to dinner, where I pay attention to them, and they have my undivided attention. We do something fun. And then I eat them to four orgasms before I fuck the hell out of them slowly. I get to fuck them for a full hour before I need to cum. Talk about earth-shattering sex, wow."
He hands me his personal card, "I expect you to get a cell phone again. I think I am going to like you. Will your family be joining you?"
I shrug my shoulders.
+++++
The next night, Cindy walks through my doors. I am not surprised, I asked for her specifically. She is a natural blonde with crystal blue eyes and a strong angular face. Her eyes bulge out of her head, and her makeup makes them look more dramatic. She has huge breasts as is common of escorts. This woman is six feet tall, thin, long legs, and is dressed in a slinky bright red dress. She has five-inch heels on, making her very imposing.
Cindy applied red lipstick, and the dress has a plunging neckline that would make a porn star blush. She walks in like she is on a runway, right foot crosses in front of the left and left foot crosses in front of the right. I am wearing a t-shirt and some shorts and am in my socks. I can see that she is disappointed. Normally, I wear one of my suits.
I hand her an envelope, "This is double your normal fee." I hug her hard. "I have decided to not drive off the bridge." She looks relieved. "I stayed an extra night, so I could give you that and say 'Thank You' personally. I did accept the job and tomorrow I am going home to see if any of my family wants to come with. I will be fine either way. You now have a paid evening for yourself. I hope you enjoy it."
Cindy has tears running down her cheeks. She hugs me hard.
Cindy asks bashfully, "Want to go out for dinner?"
I smile at her, "Cindy, you are my favorite girl, there is something special about you. You did something very special for me, you saved my life. There is no way I am going to treat you like a professional ever again. Go home, study, or do something fun. This is your night. I booked you, paid for you just so you could have the night off. Go enjoy yourself."
Cindy smiles at me and hugs me as she tells me, "Most men want us for an event. We look cute and keep our mouths shut. Then we go back to a motel, and they fuck us for about twenty minutes before they shoot their load and fall asleep. Today, I quit my job because Jim hired me to be a professional student, and then the best lawyer he has.
"When I got the call tonight, I told them no, I am done. They told me it was you. I came here because I wanted to, not because I had to. I am asking you to dinner, because that is how I want to spend my evening with you. All the girls wanted you, you listened to us, and asked for our help with your problems. Then you made love to us after an amazing four oral orgasms. Our boyfriends aren't that good. Go put your suit on and let's go out and have some fun one last time."
Jim is right, she controls people with ease. I am in a suit in five minutes. We go to a new place that had fantastic food and dancing.
At dinner, I explain my plans and all that Jim has done for me. She drew up a lease on a napkin, and we both sign it. That will keep my life interesting. We don't stay out late, she wants to move the night along. The dancing is our fun for the night, she wants to return to my hotel. I assumed she wants to get home, it's late.
Once again, a woman is running my life, and I have no clue what's going on. Cindy walks into my place, turns on some jazz on the radio, and then kicks off her shoes. From the refrigerator, she opens a bottle of wine and pours us both a glass. We sit down in the spacious living room of my suite on a couch. We are looking out at the beautiful city. Cindy snuggles up with me as I put my arm around her.
She says to me in a soft, childlike voice, "Tonight, I am not the paid help. Tonight, I am just a woman. You are not paying me, you are just a guy that is attracted to me. If you play your cards right, you might get lucky."
Her smile is genuine and infectious, I too smile. She bends her neck forward, slips the dress over her neck, and it slides down to her waist. She lifts her ass and takes the dress off. No bra or panties.
I smile at Cindy, "This is how my troubles all started."
She smiles at me, "Yeah, but now you tell them, 'Talk to my lawyer.' It will be better at home from now on. I am on your side."
My eyes are on the floor, "There is something you need to know about my family and me."
Cindy laughs, "You fucked your daughters, we guessed. It's always best to tell your lawyer the truth. Thank you for that, I am sure it wasn't easy."
Cindy is crying and hugging me. I pick her up and carry her to bed. She has fun stripping me, I have fun giving her the mandatory four orgasms. Now I do something new, I put my blindfold over her eyes. I collected a few toys over the last few weeks.
I tell Cindy as I grab her arm and Velcro her into arm restraints, "I am going to tie you up." Her smile is gone. "Hey, none of that. I am still me, you will love this. If you are in ANY pain, you will be released immediately. You are aggressive in bed and try to control the direction. I understand you were taught that. Tonight, I am giving you a new experience.
"I am taking away your eyes. I don't want you anticipating anything. I want you to FEEL everything. The restraints are actually to free your mind. You can't control the direction. Therefore you are free to feel the experience more and concentrate on your pleasure. No working for you tonight.
"I can cause you pain, but that isn't your thing, so you don't get that. I will keep it, tame." I finish tying her up. "This first device is a real medical device." I run the pinwheel over her breasts. Her arm and her face. She is resisting the restraints, pulling hard on them. Her body is twisting to get free. Then I do her inner thigh and across her pussy lips for an orgasm. "That device is used to test patients to see if they can feel it. It's designed to tickle, and it does if you see it. Without your eyes, the feeling is incredible."
She has recovered from her orgasm, and says to me, "That is an evil little device. It didn't hurt, but the sensation was awkward and thrilling. Please continue."
I lay next to her and reach over to kiss her on the lips. She seems surprised.
I giggle, "I never kissed you or any of the others. That was too personal. I think we have evolved though. I think Jim likes you, he is wealthy and single. He can do a lot for you."
Cindy laughs hard at me, "You disappoint me. Do you think everything is about money, power, and a good job? Do you think those things are important to me?"
My turn to laugh, "Um, yes, I do." She looks hurt. "However, you are also a sexual being. I think that is a big part of your decision making as well. I have no idea what Jim is to you, and it is none of my business. You are a woman, I am a man, and we are here right now. I am also a realist. You are so far out of my league, it isn't even funny. You see me walking down the street a month ago, I am nothing to you."
Using her sexy voice, she replies, "Oh, but I do know you, and you're interesting on so many levels. You still love your wife, tonight, it's just us. We shall see where the future goes. Right now, you owe me a good fucking."
I do owe her a good fucking. I move around and enter her in a slow trust. I then move to a mid-level pace. I am running a marathon tonight, and my race lasts sixty minutes or so.
One of the things I love about Cindy is that she never shuts up. I will fuck her for forty minutes at precisely the same speed and intensity, and she will go on and on about how good I am and how I am hitting her depths. It's all the act, they all do it to make us feel better. Tonight, she is silent.
I ask about the silence, "What, no hour-long play by play on how great I am?"
She giggles seductively, "Nope! That is the company line, I am not on their dime tonight, I do what I like. I want to feel that veiny cock thrust into me. I can feel your heat coming off your body. I feel the edge of your cock slide in and out of me, and then I feel your cock shaft doing the same. I love how you use the full length to give me maximum pleasure. With all the talking we do, most of the time, I don't even realize I am being screwed by the guy unless he is the width of a beer can. Now shut up so I can enjoy this."
Twenty minutes in, I shift my body to the left a bit, Cindy only says, "You dirty dog. I can tell you moved to your left. I wonder if a guy ever did that before?" Every few minutes, I shift from right, to middle and then to the left.
At forty minutes, I start increasing the speed slowly. I am gradual, but I fall back after a bit. I am playing the two steps forward and one step back game. Speed up, speed up, slow down. She has the pattern down, so I break the pattern. Every time I do something, she does this cute thing where she laughs at herself because I did something to make it more fun for her. It's like she doesn't see herself as worthy.
After dragging this out long enough, we both have needs. I move up to my fastest speed. I am a blur now as I fuck her good. The silent woman is now grunting with each thrust I make. She sounds like an engine because my strokes are so quick together. I quickly take off the blinders so she can see me and I can see her.
Her eyes are wide open, she has an adorable look of happiness on her face. I am nearing the end. We are both full of sweat, her makeup is a trainwreck, her breasts are running in circles and flopping around. We are both fighting for a full breath, and we are both losings.
As I always do with escorts, I orgasm first. It's a thing this company does. They make sure the guy gets off. I make sure we both get off. As I am shooting off my ropes of cum into this awesome woman, she orgasms and almost takes my cock off with the intensity of her hard orgasm.
When she wakes up, the restraints are off, her face has been cleaned, her pussy has been cleaned, and she is wrapped up in the blanket. I am sitting up in the bed and holding her in my arms. She scared the hell out of me by taking so long to come back.
Like it was nothing, Cindy says, "Um, yeah, that was ok."
I am sure my face went ash white. She laughs hard at my reaction.
I give her an ultimatum, "Going home now or in the morning?"
I am given orders, "Turn off the lights, then let me have one last night embracing your hot body."
I do get up, I turn off the lights, I get in bed, I let her wrap her arms around my body, and then I say, "You can do way better than me, however, tonight I will take advantage of your obvious delusional state. I am leaving tomorrow morning. You are on your own for breakfast."
I spent the night sleeping like a baby in the arms of a perfect ten. I laugh at the situation, knowing that she thinks she got the best of the deal. Silly woman.
+++++
Three days later, I pull up to my old house, and there is a moving van with six men waiting for me. They stand outside for a moment. I knock on my own door. I don't own a key. Dee answers the door, and her eyes light up at seeing me, and then they are sad, there is a moving truck with several men behind me. Two are still moving the big semi into the driveway.
Dee flings open the door and jumps into my arms as she screams, "DADDY!"
She tried really hard to squeeze all the air out of my lungs. I get attacked by two more women, and then I see the look of defeat on their faces as they see the movers and the semi in the driveway. I am pulled into the house. Dan is on the couch, he gives me a tired and feeble looking grin. Damn, the boy looks worn out.
My wife comes straight to the point, "What's going on? Why are there movers here? Where have you been? Aren't you staying?"
I slow her down, "You need to make some quick decisions. First, you know I quit my job, right?" She nods her head, yes. "I got a nice job offer in a different city. A very nice woman, an escort that I know, asked a friend of hers to give me a job. I have spent time with many such women since I left. The question is, do YOU want to come with?"
My wife asks, "Where?"
I reply, "Does it matter?"
I know she is hurting at my revelation of being with escorts, yet she shakes her head no. One by one, I ask my children, and they all want to come with as well.
I call out to the movers, "Everything goes, we will see you in three days. Everyone, in the car, we are leaving now. They will pack our stuff and move our things and vehicles for us. Just get in my car, we are leaving now."
We drive all night. We sleep a lot and nobody talks. My daughters take turns driving. Once we hit Miami, we stop for lunch. I drive from there. It's another hour until we pull up to a huge beautiful house that is on the beach. There is a sold sign out front.
My wife is first to doubt me, "No way we can afford this house, it must be well over a million dollars."
I strut to the door and open it with my keys as I say, "I have no idea, my new boss bought it for me. Once I told him the secret to a happy escort, he was ... well, he was thrilled. Dude had one of those smiles that told you he did something evil. I think the words were, 'You changed my life.' He was very appreciative.
"No basement but an open concept house, nice condition, cool colors, two living rooms, a dining room, a huge beautiful kitchen, five bedrooms, an office, a home theatre and look at this view."
I look at the back windows of the house off the second living room, and they are all floor to ceiling glass. In the view is the back yard, a public beach, and then the ocean.
We walk outside, and everything is perfect. There is a place to BBQ, have a fire at night, and then easy access to the beach. Of course, both daughters walk towards the beach. They want to see the ocean. However, as soon as they walk on the sand, I stop them.
I smirk as I say, "Oh girls. You are violating the beach rules."
They look at me with questioning eyes.
I explain, "It's a nude beach, no clothes."
I walk with Lisa onto the beach. I drop all of my clothes on the edge of our property. My family follows suit. Damn, my daughters are gorgeous. Lisa is still spectacular as well. I love watching her naked body. I take her hand to reassure her. We walk out to the ocean. The waves are crashing in on the beach. The crystal clear light blue water is amazing.
I can't see anyone up and down the beach, but then it is a Tuesday at 2:00 in the afternoon. I expect weekends to be different. My daughters run into the ocean, their bodies are glistening in the water. Lisa and I follow them.
I apologize, "Sorry, no pool for doing laps, but the view of this pool is a bit nicer than our last one."
Dee has made her way over to me, she wraps her arms around me and uses her soft voice to ask me, "Are you staying? Will you still be available? Are you open to us? What about mom? How does she fit in?"
So, there it is. How will her life be affected?
I speak loud enough for all to hear me, "I have decided to stay. I love you all very much, and Lisa is my wife. However, we opened a door that will never close. You, your sister, and your mother will never be forced by me, and you won't be turned away either. You treat me like you do Dan, and I will be dead in a week. Your choice.
I ask, "What's with Dan? Why isn't he out here?"
My wife laughs the loudest of the three, then mocks Dan's voice like she is quoting Dan, "My dream just came true. Dad left, and I get to bang you three all day long."
Now she uses her normal voice, "You know the old saying, be careful of what you ask for, you just might get it. Well, Dan, I think, has had too much pussy for a while. We wore his ass out. Until he recovers, you are ours."
Fuck! They did it to me again. I get a great job, get a great house, get my family back, and I even get to fuck all the women in my family. Then I find out they are going to wear my ass out and end up like a drooling idiot same as my son right now. Dee holds me tight at seeing the concern on my face.
Dee seductively says to me, "The one good thing about young men is they recharge fast. Give him a day or two, and then it will be easier on both of you. However, I have a need right now that I think you can fulfill."
My wife yells at her, "Oh no, you don't! That is my man, I get him first. He hasn't fucked me good in forever. I saw your trick, he can fuck me again."
She says with a sly grin, "Oh, pool boy, I need you."
Pool boy is you of our favorite role play nights. Dee takes a scrunchie off her head and tosses it at her mother.
Dee smiles and says, "I am next. Dad is soo much better than Dan."
Two days later and the moving van shows up. They start unloading our stuff. While that is happening, Cindy comes over. She is wearing a piece of fire engine red dental floss that isn't big enough to cover her areola. With her height, toned body, and wide shoulders, she looks like an Amazon warrior. Dan's tongue is hanging out of his mouth, drooling. Lisa and my daughters look mad. Cindy runs at me and jumps into my arms, forcing me to swing her around. We kiss and hold each other in a tight hug.
A second, much smaller moving truck pulls up and starts the process of opening up for unloading.
Lisa asks with a nasty tone, "Who the fuck is that and why is there another moving van?"
I try to look dramatic like I forgot to tell my family something.
I say with conviction, "This is Cindy, a friend from work. She is a senior in College and goes to law school next year. I rented out the fifth bedroom to her. I will be treating her just like a daughter. Dan, she is off limits to you. She would break you. However, she will help coach you with having sex."
Lisa screams at me, "Oh no you don't. You can't do this to us."
I have a huge smile on my face as Cindy is hanging all over me, "If you don't like it, talk to my lawyer." Lisa looks at me in disbelief. "Cindy is a retired escort and needs a place to stay. She saved my life and will handle all arguments from now on. Good luck with that."
I take her hand and lead her out to our beach. No mover was going to do anything with her around.
+++++
My wife and daughters did improve in the bedroom dramatically after some coaching from Cindy. Dan is now a god to the ladies. I still get Cindy once a month, but that is only for another four years ... unless she goes for a Ph.D.!
I finally win!
The end.