I'm a software consultant, so I travel all the time, twice a week, every week. I go to different places every month or three, but always through my local airport.
A few weeks ago, I found out that I really liked going commando on my travels -- the movement of my cock against my pants made me feel so good that I got fully erect and stayed that way until I was able to take care of it. I loved knowing that my hard cock was making a bulge in my pants that anyone could see. I was still very embarrassed by it -- but that also added to the thrill.


Last week, I must have gained some notice amongst the female staff, because one of the ticket agents, Michelle, had pulled me into a family restroom and given me one of the best blowjobs I'd had in a while. It was fantastic, but I still wished it had been from Lucy the security guard. I had a big crush on her.
This week, I was really frustrated. I'd had problems getting out of the house on time and ran into traffic, so I arrived at the airport without much time at all before I had to board the plane. But I was still not wearing underwear and sporting my usual bulge and loving every step. It was a different ticket agent this time, and she looked disappointed when she saw how late I was running.
When I got up to security, Lucy was working. She had a teasing look in her eye -- "Tsk. Tsk. You're running late for your plane. Next time, make sure to be early." I blushed, but my cock throbbed and twitched.
I had to nearly run down the corridors to my gate, which made my cock rub against my pants a lot. I was really worried I was going to shoot a load and make a mess that would be very hard to clean up on the plane. I made it to the gate without doing that, and just on time to board the plane.
I made my way down the aisle, with my bulge still throbbing visibly in my pants. I liked to get window seats, but I usually board early enough that I don't have to get past people to sit down. This time, however, I had to move past two attractive women. The one on the outside was younger than I was -- mid 20's was my best guess.
The woman in the middle seat was right around my age and stunning. She didn't have the same voluptuous curves that Lucy did, but she had plenty of charm. Her slacks showed enough hip that she must be sitting on a great ass. Looking at her blouse, I could tell she must have fabulous tits -- likely b-cups but big enough to fill my hand. I was able to get my luggage in the overhead bin without putting my bulge directly in the face of the woman in the aisle seat. I was also able to keep turned away enough when she stood up to prevent her from getting a face full of cock.
I wasn't nearly as lucky with the woman in the middle seat. In fact, she managed to bump the top of her head right into my crotch. I startled back, and she turned her head up to stare right at my bulge. Once she stood up, she had a big grin on her face and looked me in my eyes, then darted her gaze down, and then back into my eyes.
I flushed from embarrassment and got into my seat. When the woman sat down next to me, she asked "Can we put this arm rest up? They always get in the way; and I can never find a good place to put my ... hand...". "Sure, that's fine with me." She smiled again.
Once we got in the air, she pushed the flight attendant call button.
The attendant who showed up was a good-looking man. "Hi ma'am, how can I help you?"
"Oh, you don't to call me ma'am. I'm Heather."
"Okay Heather, I'm Michael. What can I do for you?"
"It's always very cold on planes, can I get a blanket?"
"Sure. We only have a few, but I don't think they've all been taken".
A couple of minutes later, he came back with a standard airplane blanket that would barely cover someone. Heather spread it across her lap. "Thank you, Michael. This is much better!".
"We always strive to give our customers the best time we can."
"Oh, I think I'm in for a really good flight today."
Michael looked at her a bit funny, but then put on a standard fake-smile and went back to his other duties.
She leaned over and whispered in my ear. "I take this flight often and the last few times I noticed that you've made a change to your ... wardrobe. I was a bit surprised, but I've quite liked what little I have seen. I hope you don't mind, but there's something I have always wanted to do; You clearly have something... fun to play with." I looked at her with a bit of a surprised face. "Don't worry, I'll ... handle... everything." I blushed.
She moved the blanked to cover both of us, and then put her hands under the blanket; half stood up; turned her butt towards the aisle. I heard a bit of a zipping noise; she wiggled her hips and then sat down again.
"Did you just unzip your pants and move them down so your pussy was reachable?" I whispered.
Leaning close to my ear, she breathed "Yes. I hope your hands aren't cold..." My cock throbbed. I felt her fingers start to softly rub across the various parts of my bulge. Her whole hand started to rub up and down across my cock through the fabric.
I looked down, and the movement in her lap that I knew was her hand between her legs and moving slowly and gently. I heard a ding from overhead.
"That's the signal for the flight attendants to get up and start taking drink orders".
She shook her head a bit, sighed and pulled her hands out from under the blanket. "I know. I travel a lot."
Michael came by to take our drink orders, starting with the woman at the aisle, and then looking at Heather.
"I would like a whiskey, a glass of water and a lot of napkins -- I can be really clumsy sometimes and I might need to clean up my clothes if I spill something."
Michael nodded and looked at me.
"I'll have a whiskey too. Thank you." I might have blushed a little because Michael had that strange look on his face again. She put her hands back under the blanket and kept stroking my cock from outside my pants and started squeezing it with a firm but not tight pressure.
Michael came by with our drinks and we both put our tray tables down.
I felt her hand unzip my pants to let me free. She moved my arm under hers to place my hand on her crotch. She'd already spread her legs so I could reach everything. Pushing my hand on top of her bare pussy, she started moving it around in slow circles. "Don't push down too hard or go too fast. We 'll take our time." She spread the precum that I'd been leaking around the head of my cock, and then squeezed it with the first two fingers on her left hand.
As I circled my hand around, I started to feel moisture start leaking out. I slipped one finger between her lips and circled her opening while pushing down on her clit a bit with my palm. The tip of my finger got wet. Feeling naughty, I slipped my hand out from under the blanket, and stirred my wet finger in my whiskey for a minute, then took a swig. She grabbed my cock, squeezed out a bit more precum and started stroking me up and down.
I slipped my hand back under the blanket and my fingers in between her folds. I started stroking my middle finger across her slit and around her clit. After doing this a few times, I slipped my first two fingers into her and curled them up against her g-spot. I looked over to meet her eyes. She was flushed and her eyes were wide and sparkling with pleasure.
She slipped her hand off my cock to reach out of the blanket to get her purse. I was idly stroking her g-spot the whole time. She pulled a travel sized tube of hand lotion and slid her hands back under the blanket. She put some lotion on my cock and started stroking it up and down and squeezing a bit in a milking motion. I started to gasp in pleasure but kept it to a quiet sucking in of air. Then I began to rock my hand back and forth, pushing my fingers across her g-spot and rubbing her clit with my palm at the same time.
We were both flushed and trying very hard not to make loud noises; she came hard and nearly squeezed my cock into a mashed sausage. Her hips clenched as she kept herself from thrusting them up out of the seat.
As soon as she calmed down a bit, she stroked me faster. Watching my eyes, she grabbed the outside of the blanket that covered my cock with her other hand as I started to cum. This kept my spunk from getting everywhere except on the inside of the blanket. Replacing the hand holding the blanket with the one that had been jerking my cock, she grabbed a bunch of napkins from her tray table. Using the napkins under the blanket, she got everything as cleaned up as she could.
She pulled my hand out from the blanket and put it on to the place where my spunk was trapped. I squeezed, trapping the blanket against my cock. Lifting her hips up just a little again, she pulled her pants back up and zipped them. The trickiest part came next. With one hand on top of the blanket, and the other underneath, she was able to pull the blob of spunk trapped in the blanket up off my cock. I nodded at her, tucked my cock back into my pants, and zipped them up.
She then carefully squeezed a bit of cum out of the blanket on her finger and repeated my trick of stirring it into the whiskey. Instead of taking a slug, she downed the whole thing in one shot. Then she carefully folded the blanket and sat it on her lap. As I finished my drink, the airplane dinged again to let the flight attendants know that it was time to start landing procedures. She caught my eye, nodded toward the ceiling, and winked.
After we landed and were leaving the plane, she gave the neatly folded blanket to Michael. Smiling like a cat, she said "The blanket was very warm, but you should probably have it washed before you use it again. I spilled on it quite a lot."
Michael put on his best fake smile, with a slight glare in his eyes and said "Thank you ma'am. Have a good trip."
Once we were off the plane, she pulled me aside briefly. Looking me straight in the eye, she said "That was fun. As I said, I'm on this flight a lot; maybe I'll see you again." Then she ran her tongue around her lips, smiled, and disappeared into the crowds.