"So . . . how was it?" Jeannette was smirking as she asked, and I was pretty sure she already had a good idea.
"To be honest, it was pretty fucking spectacular," I said, figuring in this instance the most honest answer was also the best.
She laughed, her bell of dark blonde hair moving. "Yeah, I kinda figured you two would be amazing together. Rachel clued me in to some of it - I might have to get her drunk to get her to spill the rest of the beans, though."
My turn to laugh. "Yep. Because, you know, a gentleman never tells." I grinned as I said it. Truth to tell, I was relieved at Jeannette's reaction - I'd been a little worried she'd be jealous, pissed, whatever. But none of that - she seemed glad one of her best friends and I had hooked up. Why was I worried about her reaction? Because Jeannette and I had hooked up the Saturday before Rachel and I had - and Jeannette lived one floor down from me in the same apartment building.
This was now the Tuesday after Rachel and I had hooked up, and I was still slightly stiff and sore. As passionate as Jeannette and I had been, Rachel and I had been almost animalistic - she'd dug furrows in my back and ass that bled, and I'd spanked her hard enough that she'd had trouble sitting when we went to brunch. It had been a wild night. And to top it all off, before we'd left the club I'd connected with another woman, Carol, who I was supposed to meet Friday night.
Jeannette laughed. "Oh, I'm so sure you haven't blabbed about it to all your guy friends."
"Well, usually guys just say we went out and had a good time. The men who talk the most are never the ones who are actually doing anything."
She laughed again. "That's for damn sure! I went out with one guy who talked about how good he was, and I went along. He was terrible - he had no idea what he was doing. Ick." She made the face to go along with the statement.
I smiled back. "Yep, I think we've all had an experience like that. Or two, but hopefully not more. I went out with one woman, and after the third date she asked if it was OK that she 'needed' me. Oi vey! Nope!"
It was Jeannette's turn to smile. "Holy shit - really? She 'needed' you after three dates?"
"Yep. Three one-night stands would be more accurate, though." Time to change the subject. "Are we on for this weekend?"
"I know I am, and Tracy is in. Waiting to hear from Rachel if she can - might be a kid challenge. Have you not heard from her?"
"Oh, we've texted, and we're going to try to do lunch on Wednesday. She probably won't know if she can go until Saturday."
"She really likes you. I don't know everything you guys did, but if it's anything like what we did, I can see why. And you know who is tearing her hair out? Tracy. She had plans for getting you alone last Saturday and having her way with you."
I was thrilled to hear that on one hand, and on the other I realized how complicated this could all get. If you're following, Jeannette and I are neighbors - she's on the first floor, I'm on the second. We've been friends for a few months, and I went out with her and two of her friends - Rachel and Tracy - two Saturdays ago. One thing led to another, and before you knew it Jeannette and I had spent the night together having mind-blowing sex. Then, the following Saturday - or this past Saturday - the four of us had gone out again. This time, Tracy had to leave to take Jeannette home, because Jeannette's son, Brandon, had gotten sick. That had left me and Rachel, and we wound up in my apartment having mind-blowing sex.
Tracy was the one woman I hadn't spent the night with, and it seemed as if that was, if not actively being pushed, at least being set up that way. I certainly wouldn't mind - Tracy was hothothot, just as Jeannette and Rachel are - but I also did not want to get into a soap opera. And then, to add to the mix, I'd met Carol, the doctor who was Chinese, at the club and we'd agreed to go out Friday night.
"She looked amazing! And ordinarily I'd let her any time she wanted. But . . . "
Jeannette knew the unspoken question, and must have decided it was time to answer it. "None of us are going to be jealous if you're with one of us and not the others. So Saturday, when you and Rachel hooked up, that's how the universe decided it should go. If you and Tracy hook up Saturday, and you should, neither me or Rachel are going to be upset, mad, whatever. We're all adults, we all love sex, and we all like you - you're a good guy with a great dirty streak."
"That sounds great - but I seriously don't want to create drama, or, more importantly, lose you as a friend." I was a little surprised to hear her say I 'should.' That sounded like an imperative.
"You won't. Look, if I'm supposed to be with you, that'll happen. Ditto Rachel, and ditto Tracy. We all know that. You do too. We're all adults. We've all been married, we all have kids, been there, done that. So we've all decided to have as much fun as we can. Right?" I think it was the most serious I'd seen her.
"Right. OK. Up for drinks Thursday?" I was relieved. While I knew all of us were consenting adults, in our late 30s or early 40s no less, I'd had some experiences that made me a little cautious.
Jeannette smiled. "You bet." She seemed a little relieved as well, as if she'd wanted to deliver that speech but wasn't sure of the timing - or, maybe, what my reaction would be.
Thursday seemed a long way away, even if I wasn't sure we were just doing drinks or if we were going for more. My son wouldn't be with me, and her son would be with her parents, who lived about 15 minutes away, because he had a basketball camp to go to early Friday morning. Then again, Friday was a regular workday for her, though I had enough flexibility that I could work pretty much any time - one of the advantages of working for myself.
As luck would have it, Rachel was able to meet for lunch on Wednesday. We met at a popular lunch spot near her office, which meant it was crowded. I'd put on a pair of cotton slacks and a polo shirt, not wanting to show up in my usual summer garb of shorts and t-shirt with Teva sandals. Good thing, because Rachel was dressed for a board meeting. She looked absolutely beautiful, and I kicked myself for not dressing up more.
"Mark! Hey! God is it good to see you." She gave me a big hug and quick kiss on the cheek, which I returned. "You look great!"
"You too! Thanks, but I feel a little underdressed next to you."
"Oh, gotta dress the part for work, right?"
"Yep, every now and then I have to wear a suit to either argue or present something. Nice to not have to do it every day."
"Oooh, now that I'd pay to see! Do you own a tux?"
"Duh! Of course. It even fits. So there!" I was having a good time bantering, and she was too.
I'd have recognized her anywhere - she had the kind of look that for me is just unforgettable - slim without being too thin, drop-dead figure - for any age, let alone 41 - beautiful long dark hair, and a beautiful, symmetric face. I could feel my loins stirring at both the sight of her and memories of Saturday night and Sunday morning, and I think she felt the same, because I saw her flush slightly as we chatted.
We were seated before too long and ordered. We both stuck to water and soft drinks, given the heat. It was a nice, if frustrating, lunch - I was thrilled to see her in a more normal setting, and to be able to talk without having to yell through a club. Thankfully, she was very bright and up to date on the world - something a lot of the women I'd met and dated couldn't say.
Lunch was over in a flash, and as we left we agreed we'd all be going out Saturday night. She kissed me as we left, and it was no peck on the cheek - it was the much more intimate kiss to the lips that only lovers can manage - intimate, sexy, and sensual without being forceful. As she left, I was weak in the knees. Wow. That hadn't happened to me in a long time, and I also felt my heart fluttering along with my loins.
I'd learned quite a bit about her over lunch, and vice-versa. She was 41, which I knew. Divorced, one daughter who was a year younger than my son. She had both an MBA - de rigueur for her field - and, interestingly, a MFA in theatre. I wouldn't have guessed. We liked some of the same music, though I probably took it a little more seriously. She hiked, camped when she could, read, cycled (yeah!), and liked to travel, though not by herself. If it were possible, I left lunch even more dazzled by her than I was before.
For her part, she was fascinated by the time I'd spent in the military, and asked quite a bit about my time in Iraq, where I'd been the head of a special warfare group tasked with finding and catching high value intelligence targets. That meant people that different government agencies wanted to "interview," and it had put me and my team in some crazy situations. She was also curious about how someone with a JD and PhD had been re-activated for such a dangerous role.
The balance of the day was kind of a blur, and it was a bit of a shock to see a text pop up from Carol, the doctor I'd met and danced with while out with Rachel after Jeannette and Tracy had left. "Friday at 8?"
I surprised myself somewhat by thinking about putting off going out with her - for about a micro-second - before texting back "Duh!" And did a double-take of sorts at myself that I had even thought about saying no. Rachel was a powerful influence, apparently! Then again, Rachel knew Carol and I were supposed to go out Friday, and we had swapped dance partners at the club, and even teased each other about which of us got the better kisser (I did - Carol was quite good, while Rachel said Carol's date was kinda 'meh').
Whew - second time in a row I'd felt like something was building after what was, so far, a one night stand. What the hell was going on with me? I was wrestling with that question as I pulled in to my garage, which was piled high with boxes as I got ready to move to a townhouse I was closing on in about a month. I went inside and cranked up my stereo, and realized that nothing was wrong with me - Jeannette and Rachel were just both fantastic, and I'd be an idiot to not consider building something with them. Well, with one of them, anyway . . .
We were all supposed to go out for happy hour on Thursday, but one by one we all fell out. My son wanted to stay with me, Tracy's son wanted to stay with her, and Rachel's daughter was fighting off a cold. We all agreed that there'd be no way we'd miss Saturday, and I think all of us leaned on our respective ex-spouses just a little bit to make sure. My son and I wound up grilling steak for dinner and then baking brownies (of all things), during which we watched a couple of movies. It was a good night - grounding in the way that only kids can pull off. We went for a bike ride the next morning, and then he was back to his mom's for the weekend.
Friday also meant my date with Carol, and I was looking forward to it. Beautiful woman (yeah, if you're keeping score at home, I was on a DEFINITE hot streak!), brilliant, decisive - all qualities I loved, wanted, and appreciated. We had texted a little bit over the week, and she'd sent me her address so I could pick her up. I spent the day working, and managed to get out on my bike for a little over an hour as a workout.
Usually, I'm not one to worry about what to wear, but with Carol I put some thought into it. Not out of paranoia, or worry about being judged, but because I wanted to. Of course, with my wardrobe, my choices were somewhat limited, and I settled on a dark red polo shirt with a pair of dressy jeans and a pair of black Ecco dress shoes. We were going to my favorite Italian restaurant, and as it turned out it was her favorite also - so yay, me, for suggesting it.
As I was headed out the door to pick her up, my phone pinged and a text from her popped up: "Don't be tardy! Tardiness is frowned upon . . . ;)"
All I could do was chuckle - of course a doctor would be on time, and be worried that a PhD lawyer might not be. I drove to her house, and arrived about 3 minutes early. I pulled in to her driveway, as she'd said, parked, and walked up to the door, my senses all on alert, my body tingling. As she'd said in a text, and then had to explain, "with bells on!"
The doorbell was typical, though placed lower than I would have expected. I pushed it, heard the gong go off, and a moment later the door opened and Carol was motioning me to come in, her phone in her hand. I walked in and she held the phone away from herself, pointed at it, and mouthed "mom" to me.
She was speaking Mandarin, so I have no clue what she was saying until she was able to cover the microphone to translate.
"Yes, Mom, I'm sure I'll be safe . . . I'll text you tomorrow. He's here - bye!"
She made a show of hanging up, and then looked up at the ceiling. "Mothers! And Chinese mothers are the worst! Good thing I'm only half-Chinese, right? Sorry about that - I just couldn't get her off the damn phone!"
She made me laugh. "Oh, no problem. You might try a WASP mom sometime - they can be a complete piece of work themselves."
Her turn to laugh. "Probably more the 'mother' part than the Chinese or WASP part, right? Anyway, let's go - I'm famished! And yay for not being tardy! Bonus points!"
"I didn't know I was being awarded points. What can they be redeemed for?" I asked it with a bit of a smirk, because both of us had an idea of where the night was headed, as long as neither of us committed a serious faux-pas, which seemed unlikely.
She just gave me a little smirk back. "Oh, we'll see . . . I'm sure we'll think of something. You look great - how was your week?"
"Thanks! You look completely spectacular, but of course you knew that already, right?" She did, too. She was wearing a snug-fitting red silk dress that was snug in all the right places, with a pair of stylish short heels that stayed on the side of practicality. Which meant she could walk easily and probably even dance, though probably not TOO energetically. She'd just pinned her hair back enough so it wouldn't fall in her face, and it fell to below her shoulder blades, looking almost blue-black and very soft. Unbidden, the memory of her hair on my cheek and her lips on mine sprang back, and I had to almost consciously shake it off.
"Thank you! You think so? It's not too much?"
"I think it's perfect - you look amazing."
She flashed a smile that lit up her eyes. "I even believe you. Thanks. Shall we?"
And we were off to a nice Italian dinner, complete with wine, espresso with dessert, and a lot of talking. Real talk, not the usual first date nonsense. Part of me was surprised that she was only 34. Not based on appearance, but on maturity level. Then again, as I learned over dinner, she'd had a lot of experiences - Stanford for undergrad, UC-San Francisco for medical school, residence at Pritzker in Chicago (long after I'd finished my PhD at Chicago), marrying another doctor who was going in to psychiatry before switching to internal medicine, miscarrying, then having her daughter, and so on.
"Do you dive at all?" she wanted to know. "It's one of my all-time favorite things to do."
"Only diving I've done was with the military - requirement for special warfare. I'd be interested in trying it again without worrying about 10 other people."
"Oh yes - we have to get you in to the water! And, what, exactly, is 'special warfare?' Is that like Navy SEALS?" That, at least, was promising - she'd seen enough to want to go diving sometime, and wasn't overly put off by my military background.
"You're on!" It'd be fun, especially when not carrying all the military equipment I'd had to lug along. I paused, always a little uncertain how to answer the special warfare question. What the hell - directly.
"Special warfare covers a lot of different areas. I was the team leader for what's called a high value target team in Iraq, so we'd go try to capture people our government wanted to 'interview.' We were lucky - didn't lose anyone on my team, and picked up a number of the people we went looking for. Scary as hell sometimes, though."
She nodded thoughtfully. "I researched it." Of course she had. "Rendition is the term?"
"That's one word for it. When you're living it, you treat it less formally. I'm sure you have different terms for patients - and that as a profession you'd prefer most people to not know them."
She chuckled. "True. So the next question is obvious, right?"
"Yes. And the answer is yes. Not something I like to dwell on."
She gave me a very intense look. It wasn't critical, or warm, just . . . intense. It was clear that she understood exactly what I meant. "You do think on it?"
"Sometimes. As I said, it's not something I like to dwell on. It happened, and I took no pleasure in it. But given a choice between them or my team, I vote my team. And there's an element of complete . . . entropy in it all - had the universe been just a little different, I could have been on the other side."
She nodded thoughtfully. "I only did the typical rotation in emergency medicine in med school. I only saw a few GSWs (gunshot wounds) and only a couple of them were significant trauma. I can't quite imagine what it would be like to see it happen."
"It's not what I would call fun. As I said, scary as hell sometimes, even though we trained for it relentlessly."
"That I can imagine. Hope you don't mind my asking? I abhor small talk most of the time - I want to get to the good stuff - the things that make a person who they are. And I've never met someone who has actually fought in war. You just don't seem like that type."
I'd heard that before. "So what type do I seem like?"
She paused. "I'm not entirely sure. You're obviously brilliant - I read your papers. You're also extremely attractive (I blushed slightly at this), in great shape, and even polite. But I can't reconcile all that with you actually having been in real combat."
"You're very kind. I'd like my tombstone to read "Father. Soldier. Teacher. This man died from living too much." I sat back to see how she'd process that.
She smiled. "I like that! I haven't even thought of what I'd like on my tombstone. Too much living to do!"
I smiled back. "Touche!"
And with that, we moved away from the deadly serious (literally) tone of our conversation and drifted to happier topics. But it seemed as if I'd passed a test of sorts.
As the night went on, we decided to head downtown to a well-known bar called the Cruise Room. It was one of those classic old and cramped hotel bars, and we lucked into a booth, sliding in just as a group vacated it. We ordered drinks, and had a great time continuing our conversation. It didn't take long before I moved to sit next to her, our legs touching, and she smiled as I sat down. I felt her hand on my thigh and she said, "That's better!"
My hand found hers and covered it, just brushing against her silk covered leg, and we turned to each other and locked eyes. We stayed like that for what seemed like forever on one hand and an instant on the other. She had beautiful eyes - a rich dark brown - and they were intense. And being half-Chinese, the classic almond eye shape was softened, not as pronounced as it typically is. I could feel her looking deeply into me, and I felt like she was laid bare, letting me peer deeply into her being. Cliché? Perhaps. Spiritual and deeply moving? Yes. It was the kind of moment where both instantly know that whatever might happen in the future we'd always share a rare connection.
Later, we'd never remember who moved first, but as we looked into each others' eyes we were moving toward each other, closer, closer, closer, until our noses grazed and then our lips met again, our eyes still wide open. I'll never forget that - well, unless Alzheimers erases the memory - that instant where our lips met and closed on each other gently, our eyes then slowly closing, our lips slowly exploring, parting, letting our tongues gently emerge, find each other, and start to play with each other.
I don't know how long we kissed like that - I was literally seeing stars - but Carol finally broke off (why?). "Let's go," she breathed into my ear.
I nodded. "Yes."
We held hands on the way to my car, and she kept her hand on my leg as I drove. Not wandering, not stroking, just a light touch on my thigh that was both driving me crazy with desire and also amazingly reassuring and comforting. We made it to her house, and I pulled in to the driveway and switched off my car.
"Would you like to come in?" It was purely a rhetorical question, asked just to be polite.
"Yes, thank you," I replied, to be similarly polite.
She reached up and kissed me briefly, smiling. "Come on, let's go."
We made our way into her front door, and as she waved me in she tapped at her phone for a moment. "Mom. Promised to text her when I got home. You know - first date and all that."
"Quick message!"
She chuckled and held out her phone. She had simply sent "Home safe!" as the text to her mom. I chuckled and handed it back.
"Concise. I like it."
Carol had by now kicked off her heels, and said "Come on - I'll give you the penny tour." We walked through her home, and it looked sort of like what I had pictured. It was neat, organized, and nicely decorated - not many mementos or tchotchkes around, an overall cool feeling counterbalanced by some strategically placed Chinese-looking pieces. She nodded when I asked.
We wound up in her family room, and I smiled when I saw a tall pair of piano black speakers, from a company I knew.
"Must be hard keeping those clean with a little one!"
She grinned. "That is an ongoing battle. But I like how they sound, so they stay." As she spoke, she turned it on and some unfamiliar music wafted to us. "Chinese electronica. It'll change - the kind of music I like."
We sat on the couch that faced her speakers, our legs touching, and listened as one song faded out and another started. I felt great - relaxed, excited, and even a bit relieved that Carol was as interesting as she was. It was nice to be on a relatively normal date, and I realized with surprise that was what I missed with Jeannette and Rachel, as amazing as those nights had been, and why lunch with Rachel had been so much fun.
After a moment, we both turned to each other and started to slowly and softly kiss, our lips again joining, her tongue transporting me as she languidly explored my lips and then my tongue, responding eagerly as I explored back. After what couldn't have been too long, I felt her start to move - sitting side by side and kissing was just a little awkward. (Try it sometime if you don't believe it!) She moved herself to sit on my lap, straddling me, so we were now facing each other as we kissed.
Her hand moved to my back and stroked it; her other hand was in my hair holding me to her. For my part, I had one hand in her hair, running my fingers through it and gently rubbing her scalp while my other traced up and down her spine.
Carol's hair was, quite simply, beautiful. It was pretty long, ending below her shoulder blades, and it was almost blue-black in color, though she'd later correct me that it was not black, but very dark brown. And it just felt amazing - it was rich, soft, and thick. It was almost certainly the most beautiful hair I'd ever been this close to, even beating out Rachel's, which was itself spectacular.
I moved the hand that had been stroking her hair to join my other hand in tracing her down the silk of her dress covering her spine, and as I reached her waist my fingers lightly traced their way around to her stomach, and then reversed. I felt her start slightly as my fingers traced their way across her stomach, and the next time I let my hand just graze the bottom of her breast as I reversed, drawing a soft moan from her.
The next time up, I cupped her breasts and let my thumbs find her nipples, firm against the thin silk of her dress and her bra. I gently flicked and circled them with my thumbs, and felt her shiver as I did. I kept going, and we kept kissing, more forcefully now.
Even before I grazed her breast, she had worked her hands into my shirt and was stroking my back. Her fingers felt wonderful, and I breathed in sharply as she touched my back. She repeated that a few times, and then I felt her tug on my shirt just before I started to lift her dress. I raised my arms up and felt her lifting my shirt up, up, up and off of me, and drape it over the arm of the couch. That done, she started running her fingers over my chest and back.
I groaned in pleasure as she did, and I reached for the bottom of her dress, lifting, lifting, lifting it, up over her shoulders, her arms raised to let it come off, and then it was off and I was trying to drape it over my shirt, forgetting how slippery silk is and seeing it slip to the floor out of the corner of my eye.
Carol was now just in a lace bra and her matching thong, her groin pressing against mine and no doubt feeling how excited I was. She was beautiful - shimmering hair, ivory skin, nude colored bra and thong, lean without looking anorexic, and her eyes bored deep into mine, both of us half-naked. She leaned in to my ear and whispered. Just one word: "Upstairs."
She stood and took my hand, leading me to a staircase, up the stairs, to the first room on the right. She led us to the edge of the bed and turned to me, reaching up, kissing me again, those magical lips and tongue making me melt, and then she was reaching for my belt, undoing it, undoing my jeans, pushing them down, pulling them off my legs one at a time, trailing her hands back up the inside of my legs, not stopping, finding my erection through my bikini briefs, grasping, squeezing.
For my part, as she took hold of me through my briefs, I hugged her to me and reached around her, unhooking her bra with one hand, easing it off of her, feeling her breasts and nipples against my skin for the first time, her small breasts very firm and her nipples hard and extended. A hand went to them, exploring, touching, caressing, gently squeezing; Carol moaning softly as I squeezed, me moaning back as she continued to stroke and squeeze me through my briefs, my tip, however, now poking up over my waistband.
She must have felt it, because at the same moment I reached for her thong and started to push it down, the tiny triangle of fabric dark with her excitement, she pushed my briefs down and off me, staying with me as I stepped out of them and stood naked before her. Once she had gotten my briefs off, she stepped out of her thong, which I had pushed to her feet, and pulled me to her, and pulling us onto her bed.
I broke away from kissing her lips to explore her neck, her collarbone, and on down to her breasts, feeling her excitement as I kissed my way to her breasts and slowly played with her nipples. She let out a groan as I took a breast into my mouth and sucked, softly at first and then harder, and her hand squeezing my cock tightened as I did.
Her hand moved my cock over her clit and slowly teased both of us, rubbing me against her clit and labia before pointing me to her entrance, and then back to her clit. Mmmmmm . . . it felt incredible. She was a bundle of desire, and I wanted her - and vice-versa. She started to guide me to her opening, my tip by now thoroughly coated in her juices, and as she started to direct me to enter her we both opened our eyes and stared at each other. Once she had me in place, her hand moved to my ass and tried to pull me in.
I say "tried" because I wasn't quite ready. By that I don't mean that I wasn't fully erect - I was as hard as I think I'd ever been. No, I wanted to tease her a little more, and to reclaim some level of control. So I rubbed her clit with my cock, traversed her slit, feeling her heat and wetness, driving onto her clit and making her squirm hard, before finally lining up on her entrance.
We hadn't said a word since she had whispered "Upstairs" to me god knows how long ago, and now we just locked eyes again and I started to slide into her. She felt completely spectacular - she was very tight and very well lubricated. As I slowly fed my cock into her, I could feel her hands on my ass trying to pull me in faster. I smiled at her a little bit, and just kept on moving slowly, which made both of us crazy. Once I had about half of myself inside her, I withdrew slightly and then buried myself in her, seeing her eyes pop open and feeling her grunt as I entered her fully.
We rocked back and forth together, both savoring the feel of the other. As she managed to take all of me in her wonderful sheath, we stayed locked together as our eyes stared deep into each other. We kissed, moved slightly, and our bodies made passionate arabesques. It was wonderful and hot and passionate and elemental and sweet all at the same time. We took our time getting to orgasm, and when we reached our first it was like a stealthy earthquake - it sort of snuck up on both of us, which surprised me as I'm usually very aware of such things.
In another unusual occurrence, I came first - though not by much. We'd gone from slowly coupling and locking eyes to faster and harder, both our eyes closed, both of us getting more and more vocal, and then slowing and slowing, before speeding up again, her body stiffening and relaxing, her body sheathing me completely, squeezing, soaking, taking me all the way to the edge and then beyond. I could feel myself tipping over, and she could too, smiling at me as semen boiled up out of my balls, raced down my shaft, reaching my mushroomed tip, to paint the inside of her magical womb with hot, white, sticky pulses of cum, erupting into her, her fingers digging into my ass, holding me deep as I exploded, overcome by lust and orgasm, filling her, feeling her tip over the edge as she convulsed on me, her body stiffening like someone had given her strychnine, mouth opening in a silent scream, her back arching, driving me in even deeper, holding the arch, holding, holding, and then finally collapsing, her nails leaving imprints on me where she'd been pulling me in to her.
We finished with me on top, supporting myself on her slender body and my own more substantial elbows. As we recovered, our eyes locked back together as we came back from that magical orgasmic place. I almost collapsed on her, but managed to stay propped up on my elbows before slowly rolling off of her. As I did, the usual rush of fluid came out of her, with an audible gurgle, making both of us laugh weakly. She lay there for a moment, looking spectacularly beautiful, her hair splayed on the bed, her face flushed crimson, and then reached over for a towel, placing it on top of the huge wet spot we'd created. I moved to the other side of the bed, and she followed, nestling into me, that glorious hair falling on the pillow next to me. She lay half on me, half on her side, one hand on my chest.
I only know we dozed off because I woke to Carol sliding up and down my chest, her hair brushing against my chest and face. Just as I realized where I was, Carol mounted me and started sliding up and down on my cock. I was doubly transfixed - first by the sensation of her pussy squeezing my cock so tightly and second by the gorgeous visual. She was pumping up and down, and her small but very firm breasts were right in front of me. Her eyes were closed as she rode me, and it didn't take long before we both came again. I could have sworn she could feel me painting her insides with long streaks of sticky white cum again, but I'd probably just be projecting. It was simply amazing, and seeing and feeling her orgasm again while riding me was unbelievably sexy. She managed to lie on my chest when she recovered enough, me still buried deep inside her, and I think we fell asleep like that.
The rest of the night was like that - we'd doze off, both wake up hungry for the other, come together, and orgasm together. To say it was spectacular would be a huge understatement. But it was more than that, too - we had a real connection, a real intimacy, even if we didn't talk.
Finally, Carol heard a "ting" from her phone, and saw the time. She sat up bolt upright. "Oh, shit!"
She sprang from the bed, nude, the only sign we'd fucked pretty much the entire night a band of dried sweat across her forehead. Well, her pubic hair looked pretty matted, and there was a trickle of whitish fluid oozing from her. "I have to be at work in an hour. So, sorry to have to rush you out, but I do."
"Bummer!" I said, smiling as I did, and hunting for my clothes.
Carol was radiant, even with how little sleep we'd gotten. "Major bummer. I think your shirt is downstairs on the couch - c'mon!" She retrieved a robe from the bathroom attached to her room, didn't put it on, and took my hand, leading me downstairs. I'd found my jeans, underwear, etc., and we went downstairs to the family room, where we'd started our night of passion.
I quickly dressed, savoring the sight of Carol naked and enjoying me look at her. "Mmmmm. You are a vision!"
She actually blushed slightly. "Glad you think so. Now scoot! I have to go save people!" She was grinning as she said it, letting me in on the joke.
She came over to me to kiss me goodbye, and a serious look came into her eyes. "Hey. I'd love to do this again. My schedule is nuts - I don't work a normal 8-5 or 7-4 doc schedule, and have to balance that with my daughter. So it may take a while, but let's do it again. And next time, I'll get dinner."
"You're on. And I understand. Not to be . . . saccharine, but that was . . . hell, kind of hard to believe."
She nodded thoughtfully. "Yes. For me too. Oh - have you been snipped?"
It took me a minute to figure out what she meant, and by the time I figured it out she was explaining: "Have you had a vasectomy?"
"No. Problem with last night?"
Carol laughed. "No. Good. OK, talk to you later!" And with a lingering sweet kiss that was pregnant with passion, I was out the door.
I drove home in something of a haze, at once exhausted and exhilarated. I doubt we'd slept more than 3 or 4 hours, and I was absolutely drained - literally and figuratively. Carol's house was about 15 minutes away, and I made it home in one piece. My phone pinged right as I pulled in to the garage: "Mmmmmm."
It made me laugh, and I texted back "Exactly!"
"At work. More later."
As I walked in to my apartment, I debated whether to do breakfast or to go to bed. While I don't remember making a decision, the next thing I knew it was almost noon and I was on my bed, both starving and extremely thirsty. Surprisingly, I wasn't very stiff or sore - even though we'd been active, we must have been lower impact than Rachel. Which, I had to admit, was OK. It had been magical.
With that, I got up and had my usual breakfast, showered, listened to some music, and then decided to go for a bike ride. I was supposed to go out with Jeannette, Rachel, and Tracy that night, and even after last night with Carol I was looking forward to it. Why not, right? Anyway, I did a relatively short and easy ride - a little under 30 miles in an hour and a half. As I made it home, it occurred to me that I was having dinner with my friend Ted from law school.
Since I still had some time, I gave my apartment a quick cleaning thrash, and then ran through the shower again. I made it to the steakhouse I was meeting Ted at right at our appointed time.
"Hey stranger! How are ya?" Ted could boom his voice when he wanted to, and this was a time.
"Hey! Good. How about you?" We shook hands with none of the false bravado of trying to crush the other guys' hand.
"Terrific, actually. Just reached a workout on one of my bigger cases." Ted was a bankruptcy lawyer, but only did corporate work - paid a lot better. He'd been working on the case for a while, and had put in a lot of time in on it. "So I'm buying."
"Works for me!" We usually just split, although if one of us had a particularly good week we'd usually buy for the other one. Not that either of us were doing badly or struggling - just a nice thing to do with a good friend.
He grinned. "Good settlement - the check even cleared."
I snorted. "Like the trustee would have approved it otherwise?" Although I didn't do bankruptcy, everyone knew the trustee in the case.
"True. Nice to know Sally is still on the ball. How about you? Anything interesting?" We talked a lot of shop when we got together.
"Law, not really - a couple of cases out there, but nothing all that interesting. I did pick up some more consulting with DoD, though - same area."
He cocked his head. "Anything that'll get you ordered to a country where you have to use more than harsh language?"
I chuckled at his reference to the movie Aliens and shook my head. "Nope, just work on how to build a real government when we should probably line up and shoot every other person in the government - THAT might cut down on corruption."
Ted laughed. "Isn't there a due process problem there? Somewhere?"
"Ha. Probably, even for there. On the other hand, I have had a run of good luck dating . . . "
Ted perked up even more. "Oh? Do tell!"
So I filled him in on Jeannette (who he had met), Rachel, and Carol, also mentioning Tracy.
"Damn, why can't that happen to me?" He wondered aloud.
"Easy. Because I can't remember the last woman you dated who you didn't wind up going out with for months."
Ted grinned. "Yeah, well . . . I guess there IS that." He'd go on a first date, and usually be with whoever it was for quite a while. He had both good taste and good judgment, so was able to extricate himself without any hard feelings if it didn't work out, and it wasn't exactly a hardship going with any of the women he went out with. I think he just charmed whoever he went out with so much that it never occurred to them to go out with anyone else.
And why not? He was a good-looking guy, about an inch taller than I am, though something like 40-50 lbs heavier, and not in the kind of shape I'm in. Whip smart, and very successful financially. He'd been a CPA prior to switching to law, and that business acumen carried over. He was much better on the business side than I was - another reason I enjoyed consulting with the Defense Department. And he had a terrific sense of humor.
"So do you have a preference for one over the other?"
I shrugged. "Hell, after one night with each? Who could say? And Jeannette and Rachel were both pretty direct in saying I should 'go out' with Tracy. As in, stay in."
Ted laughed. "Damn right - definitely sample widely before deciding. Indecision is the key to flexibility!"
Our dinners arrived, and we plowed in. The food was terrific - one of the reasons we kept coming back. I was going through more water than I usually did, and stopped at one gin and tonic - it occurred to me I'd probably have more later.
"When do you go out again?"
"Supposed to go out with the three of them tonight." A thought struck me. "Want to 'run into us' somewhere?"
"Love to, but Daniel is home." Daniel was his son, the oldest of three kids.
"Ah. Yep, more important. Next time . . . "
"You bet." And with that, we drifted off to other topics and then headed out.
I got ready and was about to walk downstairs to meet Jeannette when my phone blew up. The first message was from Jeannette to Rachel, Tracy, and me. "Can't go - mom sick and can't watch Brandon. Go have some fun for me!"
The next one, almost the same instant, was Rachel - same thing. Well, not identical, but close - ex was sick. Rachel had mentioned that earlier, and had said he almost never got sick, so if he admitted to anything he was probably a step away from the ICU. I thought of Carol briefly, and imagined her in her white coat, plowing through paperwork and the occasional patient. I felt my loins stir, and my heart jump just a little bit at the image. Wow.
I texted back "Hope everyone feels better - we'll save a dance for you!"
A second later, Tracy texted me: "Still up for going?" What, was she kidding? Hadn't she SEEN herself last weekend?
"Duh! Who's driving?"
"You."
"OK. Same time?"
"Yep!" She added a smiley face, and I was walking down the stairs to the garage. As I drove to her townhouse, I briefly wondered if it was a setup, and quickly concluded it wasn't - I just didn't think Rachel, in particular, would go for it.
I reached Tracy's townhouse and was able to park just a couple of doors down. Walking up to her door, I realized I didn't know much about her. She'd been the one who I had sorta decided wasn't my type when we first met just a few weeks ago when we went to the Rose. That had then been shattered the following week, when she had been just drop-dead beautiful - and flirty as hell. I knew she was Jeannette and Rachel's boss, and that they both thought very highly of her, was divorced, had one child, and was also from California.
Tracy's townhouse was in the community I was buying one in; mine was supposed to be done in about 3 weeks and we were supposed to close on it in about 4 weeks. I was looking forward to it, and so was my son - it would give us a lot more space, and he had been able to decorate his room - paint, carpet, wall art, etc. She had a small wreath on her door, and as I pressed the doorbell I looked around a little and again liked what I saw in the neighborhood.
I heard a quick click of heels, and then the door flew open and Tracy was motioning me in. I'd have followed, but I was stunned to see her. She was wearing a red dress that looked like it had been painted on her, showing off every single one of her perfect curves, those curves accented in a shiny black material that perfectly complemented her long blonde hair. I think my mouth fell open, because she laughed and did a quick pirouette.
"I guess it's OK then?" I think she was rather enjoying my reaction.
"Oh my god - you look . . . perfect." I blurted out.
She laughed. "Well, I was going for sexy, but 'perfect' is even better. Ready?" She took my arm and we headed down to my car.
"Yep. Wow, you just look . . . amazing. Like, drop-dead gorgeous." I was on the verge of getting tongue-tied, which almost never happened.
"Well, thank you. That's the nicest thing I think anyone has ever told me."
"You're welcome. Whew - you are a vision. OK, where to?" We had planned on going to another dance club - hence her dress - and had texted about possibly going for a drink elsewhere.
"Hmmmm . . . how about a drink at the Elephant Bar and then head to the club?"
"Great idea - let's do it." As we drove along, I had to concentrate on driving - I'd have just stared at Tracy otherwise. I noticed she had the slightest hint of perfume, and asked.
"Yep, I don't use much - I think most people use way too much, and it's supposed to be subtle." She also wasn't wearing much makeup - in fact, if she had any on, I couldn't tell. I liked it - au naturel seems to work best for just about every woman I'd ever met, and said as much.
"Yeah, I just don't have the time to deal with a lot of makeup. Too active, too much to do in life."
"You don't need it. What do you like to do? Aside from clubbing occasionally, of course . . . "
She smiled. "Lucky - good genes for skin. Probably the usual for out here - hike, snowshoe, I cycle some, camp some. Live music - I try to get to as many concerts and fairs as I can. Dance. Read. Like I said, pretty typical for Colorado. How about you? One I know - or have at least heard about," she smirked a little as she said it.
"Pretty similar, although I'd substitute badminton for dance. Well, unless it's with you." A little flirting couldn't hurt, right? Love music, reading, cycling . . . Hiking is good, but I have to laugh at how much stuff a lot of people bring with them."
She smiled again, and her golden hair was backlit for a moment by a streetlight. Just beautiful. I was somewhat startled to realize we had arrived, and that I'd found a parking space - I'd been completely focused on our conversation. I paid the meter, and then helped Tracy out of the car. We walked in to the bar arm in arm, the feel of her touch both electric and comfortable. I felt dumber and dumber at having thought her not my type when I first saw her when we had gone country dancing. And feeling dumb was not something I was accustomed to.
As we walked in, I swear you could hear the sound of men's necks snapping as they whipped around to look at her. She made quite an entrance! We found space on one of the couches and ordered drinks from the scantily clad waitress who came by, and chatted idly until our drinks arrived. She'd ordered a version of a moscow mule, and I'd gone for a crown and seven - one of my faves while out. We clinked our glasses and took a sip, and as we did our eyes locked and didn't let go for what seemed like minutes.
Our breathing got heavier and heavier, and Tracy finally looked away and then back. "That was intense," and her voice trailed off. She murmured something else I couldn't quite make out, and leaned forward while raising an eyebrow.
She took a sip of her drink and grinned. "I said, 'holy shit.' That was unreal."
I knew exactly what she meant. "I know what you mean . . . Should we go dance?"
She moved closer to me on the couch, her long legs pressed against mine. "I'm in no rush - this is good." I wasn't about to argue.
We chatted more, and I was struck by how relaxed we both were with each other. I learned she had the again obligatory MBA (what WAS it with me and MBA types?), was up for a promotion to a VP level position, and also had a MS in physics, which was indescribably cool to me, who could never do the math required. We finished our drink, and decided on another. She'd also traveled some, but wanted to do more, and was fascinated by my military experiences, which had taken me to some of the not-so-touristy parts of the world.
I gave her the edited version of my time in Iraq (hot, scary as hell sometimes, but enormously satisfying professionally), graduate and law school, and getting divorced. One of the things she found most interesting was my playing badminton competitively - it's not a popular sport in the US. As we finished our second drink, it was time to go dance. Or, in my case, to try to dance.
"Just promise me you'll defend my honor," she said, laughing, as we made our way to the club. "Seems like you should be able to!"
"I promise," I said, thinking I'd certainly do that from everyone, save, perhaps, me. When we got to the door, we were whisked right in - when you're with someone as gorgeous as Tracy, clubs don't make you wait. We made our way to the section of the club where they played EDM, and stopped at the bar to get a drink. Miraculously, we made it to a booth shaped like a half-moon that was empty without having our drinks spilled.
Tracy held up her glass. "To a wonderful night, and to friends who couldn't make it!"
"Salut!" We took a sip, our eyes never far from each other.
We sat for a moment, just enjoying the relative quiet, and I again marveled at how beautiful she was. She broke what could have been an uncomfortable quiet. "It's nice being out with just you. I've kinda been crushing on you since that night at the Rose."
I nodded. "Yes it is. You were? I had no idea." I grinned a little as I said it, just to make sure she knew I was joking.
She laughed. "It's been a while since I met anyone interesting out here. Everybody's so fucking granola! I like hiking and biking and skiing, but give me a break! There's a whole lot more to life!"
I nodded wryly. "I know what you mean . . . says the guy who tries to bike every day."
"Yeah, but you're not a nut about it."
"I guess that's true. I have to laugh at people who get excited at taking another 9 grams of weight off their bike. What, are you riding in the Tour de France? No, and part of riding is the workout - and the heavier the bike, the better the workout. And I guess when you're used to running around with 70-80 pounds of gear it's hard to get too worked up about 9 grams - which is one third of an ounce, for fuck's sake."
Tracy cracked up. "Yes! YES! That's exactly what I mean. And then I'm supposed to be so turned on that I want to have sex with them? And they're offended when I'm not. I bet there are a lot of dates where the guy is driving home thinking I'm a total bitch."
It was my turn to crack up. "Sadly, that wouldn't surprise me. Miss California sometimes?"
She snorted. "Dating, yes. The ocean, yes. Otherwise, no."
"I know precisely what you mean."
She looked at me slightly askance. "Same thing for guys dating?"
"Kind of. A lot of women are the granola type, and a lot of the rest are adrenaline seekers. Once you've heard live bullets flying over your head, your need for adrenaline kinda disappears. And a lot of what they'd like to do, I've done - jump out of an airplane? Check. 129 times. Rappel out of a helicopter? Check. Probably a couple of hundred times. Do an extreme hike? Check - I don't even want to think how many times. And I've never been on a hike where anyone could keep up with me. Blah blah blah."
She nodded. "Yep, I can see that. Good thing I prefer my adrenaline in different forms." She gave me a suggestive smile.
Well, good thing some of my reality hadn't turned her off!
"C'mon, let's dance!" She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the dance floor, melding us into the crowd, her eyes shining and her whole body just glowing. I probably don't have to say that she was a MUCH better dancer than I was, and she had to shake off all kinds of men who wanted to dance with her. As she did, she moved closer and closer to me, and I finally - finally! - caught on, taking her in my arms, feeling her body against mine, grazing her lips with mine before closing on them firmly, kissing her, kissing her with more and more passion as she responded, still dancing, feeling her body molding itself to mine, and then our lips came apart for a moment and our eyes locked on each other again.
Oh my god, those eyes! They looked like bottomless pools of ocean blue, and every time we'd locked eyes I felt like I was totally out of control - and yet perfectly comfortable. And it was all the more remarkable after last night with Carol, whose eyes had had a similar effect. Twice in two nights? Was I going soft? Reality came back - no, I wasn't going soft, I was just on the best hot streak of my life. I was also completely turned on, which Tracy could easily feel and see, grinning at me as we broke eye contact.
"Careful! The last time I locked eyes like that I wound up married for 12 years," she said, laughing. "And what took you so long?"
"Mmmmmm. I can see why . . . So long to . . .?" I got it a second later - "Oh, to kiss you? Just call me an idiot. I've wanted to since I met you."
"Are you up for tempting fate? OK . . . " She smiled and put her hands on my head, pulling me towards her to kiss briefly before our eyes met and melded again. Holy shit! We'd been out for not much more than a couple of hours, and every fiber in my body and brain were falling hard in love with her. What the hell was going on? We broke eye contact again, and I wasn't the least bit surprised to find us holding hands.
We danced again for a while, mixing in a drink. We didn't have nearly as many attempted interruptions as I would have expected, given how many men were just staring at Tracy. We did dance with a couple of other people, but no one swooped in the way Carol had the week before. I finally realized with a start that we just looked like a couple. After we danced to a slower song, I leaned in to whisper in her ear (as much as you can whisper in a club, anyway). If we weren't nearly as overt as Rachel and I had been, there couldn't have been any doubt in anyone who was watching us that we were going to spend a passionate night together.
She had started moving towards me as I leaned in toward her ear, and my lips brushed against her ear as I asked, "Like to get a nightcap?"
Her body was pressed against me in all its glory, and she reached up to my ear and just said, "Let's go."
I paid the check, and we somewhat languidly made our way out of the club, several men watching as we walked out, my hand and arm around her, looking like a couple that had been together for a while, instead of the few hours since we'd started our first sorta official date. We made our way to my car hand in hand, which felt thrilling and perfectly natural at the same time. I opened the door for her, and got a thrilling view of her cleavage as she settled into the seat.
As we drove, I realized we hadn't talked about where said nightcap would be, and then figured that since I had asked, she'd assume my apartment. So I headed there, and we talked just a little as we did. She also shot off a couple of texts, which I figured were to let whoever know she was OK. She stuffed her phone back in her clutch, and just mouthed "Mom." I parked in the driveway when we arrived, because there isn't enough room in the garage to open both doors comfortably, and we went up the stairs to my apartment.
I opened the door and ushered Tracy in, just catching her ditching her heels as I turned back to close and lock the door. As I turned back, Tracy was smiling and pushed me back against the door, her blue eyes on fire and her lips closing on mine hard, kissing me hard, passionately, her tongue reaching for mine, dancing again, and then she was reaching for my shirt, pulling it up and over, breaking our kiss just long enough to lift it off me, dropping it on the floor and flicking it away. Her hands kept going, reaching for my belt, undoing it with one hand, undoing the button, impatiently releasing the zipper, her hand brushing my hopelessly hard cock, forcing my jeans down, and kicking them away as I stepped out of them.
For my part, as she was tearing my clothes off, I was searching for the zipper to her dress that HAD to be somewhere. I finally found it, just as she put her thumbs in the waistband of my underwear and pushed them down, her hand again brushing my achingly hard cock. She actually gave it a squeeze, and then raised her arms over her head so I could lift her dress off of her, having finally found the zipper. She wasn't wearing a bra, the dress sort of having one, We were kissing urgently, passionately, and I tossed her dress on to the island in the kitchen, then noticed her tiny thong and pushed it off of her, leaving us both naked, kissing hungrily, my cock achingly hard, pressed against her stomach, her perfect - yes, perfect - breasts pressing against me.
She wasted no time, taking hold of my cock and pointing it to her groin, and I bent my knees slightly to put us at the same level. As I did, she threw her arms around my neck and almost literally jumped on me, steadying herself with one arm while the other guided me into her. We both moaned as I entered her - she was oh so wet, hot and tight. She moved her hips down right as I was thrusting into her, making us bottom out on the other, me leaning against the door, Tracy impaled on my cock, both of us groaning as I entered her and felt her pussy claiming my cock, squeezing it hard.
Tracy had exquisite control of her vaginal muscles, and she used it - squeezing me and relaxing, squeezing and relaxing. I could feel an orgasm building in her as we fucked. I think I was a little too surprised at her intensity and aggressiveness to build to orgasm as quickly as she did - it couldn't have been more than a minute from the time I closed the door to our coupling.
And it didn't take long before that building orgasm completely claimed her, making her cry out and squeeze my rod hard, almost pushing me over the edge. Instead, Tracy came hard with a scream, and as she started to relax I let her slide off of me. I turned her around, my legs screaming with relief from the position they'd been in, and put her arms on the countertop on the island in the kitchen. I moved behind her, and after teasing her beautiful ass with my cock, slid into her from behind and felt her muscles tightening, feeling her grasping me deep inside her, one hand holding on to her hip to get the deepest penetration I could, while the other roamed over her breasts, caressing, squeezing, pinching, teasing . . .
We went at it like that for a couple of minutes, and she must have seen the patio doors, because she started to shuffle us that way, still coupled. We managed to make it with me sliding out of her only once, and when we got there she opened the glass doors, and then the sliding screen door, while leading us to the cool night air on the outdoor patio. Tracy wound up leaning against the railing as I continued to slide in and out of her sensational body. Simply put, I was in heaven.
As Tracy was leaning on the railing, legs spread, my cock now just slamming in and out of her, it occurred to me that we were putting on a hell of a show for anyone who cared to watch.
"You know the people down by the pool can see us?" I managed to say. There was some sort of gathering at the pool, and it was a straight-line view from the pool to my balcony. And with Tracy's beautiful blonde hair and pale skin, we must have stuck out like a lighthouse in a black night.
She managed a nod, and then turned, reached for my head, pulled my ear to her mouth, and managed to murmur "I like being watched . . . huge turn-on."
Mmmmmm. I loved being watched - the trick was always in finding someone else who liked it. This was, incredibly, getting better and better.
"Is anyone watching?" She murmured again, as I continued to slide in and out of her beautiful body.
"You've got the better view," I replied, and it was true - I was behind her, and concentrating on my cock sliding in and out of her, while my hands alternated holding her hip and playing with her nipples.
"Uhhhh . . . . huhhhhhh," was all she could manage as we were both approaching orgasm, her again, me for the first time.
I could feel myself losing control and tipping over, and the tip of my cock mushroomed inside her, which I think she could feel. And then, cum boiled up out of my balls, raced down my shaft, and exploded into Tracy. As she felt me cum, she tipped over again and cried out as her orgasm claimed her, as I sent pulse after pulse of cum into her, painting her womb white with streaks of hot, sticky semen. I think I cried out also as I came, and we both shook as we struggled to stand as orgasm consumed us.
I could also see that a couple people down by the pool heard us and looked up, getting an amazing view of Tracy's naked body, her perfect breasts heaving, long iridescent golden blonde hair swaying, her perfectly shaved pussy on full display. And pretty quickly it wasn't just a couple of people looking, but a small crowd, some of whom started hooting at us, which we both ignored.
As we recovered, I could see her skin goosebump and realized it was on the cool side, and, slowly sliding out of her with an audible pop, I took her by the hand and led her inside, and as she turned to follow I caught a glimpse of her blowing a kiss to the people watching, then closing the patio door but not the blinds, and took her to the bedroom, hearing a gurgle as she walked and our juices leaked down her leg.
We reached my room, and as reached the bed she turned around, pushed me down on the bed, and climbed on top of me, a broad smile on her face as she let her literally dripping pussy rest on my cock.
"Mmmmmm . . . that was fucking hot!" she said, once we were situated.
I grinned. "Yes it was. A little horny, are we?"
"Fuck yeah! Rachel and Jeannette say I'm insatiable. And they're right. Think you can keep up?"
Now that was a challenge I wasn't going to miss out on, and I could feel myself stirring as she said it - and she could too, as her pussy was still resting on my cock. "Yes."
I reached up and rolled her over, putting her on her back, putting her legs up in the air, and drove my rapidly recovering cock back inside her, hearing another gurgle as I displaced our combined cum from inside her. She went with it, and her lips parted as I entered her again, our eyes again locked together, and I slowly lowered my mouth to hers to kiss her passionately, brutally, wanting to make her mine, to make her scream out my name, and seeing in her eyes that she wanted the same. We again came together, though not as intensely, and I lowered myself onto her, savoring the feel of her body, the tingling of my lips as kissed, and those bottomless blue eyes that were swallowing me up.
She managed to talk first. "Mmmmm . . . you really like being watched?"
"Yeah. A little challenging finding someone who likes it as much as I do," I was able to say, my powers of speech coming back to me.
She chuckled. "I believe it. Me, too, for that matter. I have a pretty serious exhibitionist streak in me. Too bad you didn't get to see it at the Rose or the club."
"That is such a turn-on!" And it was. I could feel myself stirring - which, after cumming inside her twice already, was surprising even to me.
"Damn am I glad to hear that! Most guys talk it and then freeze when anybody else sees us. Oh well. That's
She was an athletic and imaginative lover, and indeed insatiable - I felt like I might have met my match. We didn't get more than an hour of sleep the whole night. We'd doze off for a few minutes, and then one or the other would start caressing the other, which inevitably triggered sex again - and again. It was unbelievably hot and passionate and intimate at the same time - it was all too easy to believe the last time she'd locked eyes with someone like this they'd gotten married.
She made me cum seven times (!) in something like 9 hours, and I lost count of how many times she came. In between, we drank what seemed like (and might have been) a gallon of water each, though I swapped gatorade in a couple of times for myself to build back electrolytes. Needless to say, we were both ragged and raw that morning - our last coupling was much slower and more gentle - and indescribably intimate and sweet as a result.
Luckily, it was a Sunday morning, so neither of us had any work or parental responsibilities, and could laze in bed. Neither of us, however, were that type, and so we got up, I made coffee, gave Tracy a spare toothbrush, and then we showered together.
As we stood in the shower and let the warm water flow over us, we each soaped the other, with the requisite amount of playing, and then rinsed off. As we showered, I was irresistibly reminded of how much like a couple we'd looked like the night before, and how much like a couple we must have looked like now. Tracy caught me giving her a pensive gaze.
"What? You look . . . thoughtful."
"It's just . . . easy and comfortable being with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know - one 'date.' But still . . . And I bet you haven't dropped that line about locking eyes and getting married very often."
She smiled. "Want to know how many times I've said that before?" I nodded. "None. I've never said that to anyone." That last bit softly, almost to herself.
"Well, I'm flattered I'm the first." It was true, too. It was also tremendously exciting - and not in a sexual way. This was something that could turn in to something serious. And while I wasn't necessarily looking for anything serious, I was also open to it. "In or out for breakfast?"
"Out. You still have to get me home." Oh. Right.
"True. OK. Want to borrow some sweats or something?"
She nodded ruefully. "That would be better than wearing that dress to a breakfast place - not that anyone won't know what we did all night anyway."
"True. OK, hold on, let me find something." I rooted around in my dresser and closet, and managed to find a pair of older gym-style shorts that actually kind of fit her, and a plain t-shirt that strained to hold her perfect breasts. Her nipples were still erect and poked through the fabric, but it was still cool enough that a hoodie wasn't out of place to give some cover.
And so we were off, her braless in my t-shirt and commando in a pair of my older shorts, with a hoodie over the shirt mainly to somewhat conceal her lack of a bra and her erect nipples (still!) poking through the t-shirt. Even though we'd spent the night fucking each other madly, seeing her dressed like that was a turn-on, and I could feel myself stirring again. Wow.
We had to wait for breakfast, and ran into a friend of hers, who knew her well enough to figure out that we were on the tail end of a date, as opposed to just starting one. The friend, Erin, gave me a serious once-over, and asked Tracy how she was, and so on. A minute or two after that, our table was called, and as we sat down I could feel how stiff and sore my body would be that day.
Tracy saw it, and laughed. "Yeah, me too! You wore me out last night!"
"I know exactly how you feel. So are you and Erin good friends? She gave me a pretty serious once-over."
"Caught that, did you? Sort of - not like Jeannette and Rachel, but we hang out. Good person. She approved, by the way," she added, with a wink.
"I must have missed that somehow . . . I'm still a little distracted."
"Yeah, me too. I keep thinking back to last night." She actually blushed slightly. "How many times did you cum?" That last said softly, so on one else could hear.
"Seven. You?"
"I don't even know - I lost count. That's never happened before. Seven? That sounds like . . . a LOT!"
I made a wry face. "Uh, yeah. The most times I've ever cum in 24 hours is 9 - and you got me to 7 in like, what, 9 hours. And that's never happened before."
"Wow. I'd better get a morning-after pill. Or two." She chuckled. "No time for a newborn!"
I was more than a little surprised that she wasn't on some sort of birth control.
"Yep, might be a good idea - I'm still intact." I paused. "I should have asked - sorry I didn't."
She grinned. "Good to know! And no, I'm not on any kind of birth control - haven't needed it. Remember my dating frustrations?"
"Yep. Might be worth a morning-after pill, then . . . I should have asked. I am . . . prepared at home."
She laughed. "I didn't give you a chance. And hate them as much as men do. Don't worry - it'll be fine. I'm a little old to get pregnant in one night, even if you did cum 58 times."
"True on not getting a chance - and I loved it."
Our food arrived, and we plowed through it - we had, after all, burned about a million calories each. And as we wound down, I was thinking about the next time we could get together.
"So . . . like to go out Wednesday? My son comes back Monday-Tuesday. I know it's a work night, but . . . "
She thought for a second. "I have a meeting Thursday I have to prepare for." Which meant it had to be an important one. "Thursday night?"
It was my turn to think for a second, or, at least, to pretend to. "You bet!"
She smiled, and our eyes connected again. Whoa! I felt like a moth drawn to flame. "Want to just stay in, order take out, and watch a movie?"
"That sounds great," I said, meaning every letter.
"I'll be casual - I usually can't wait to ditch work clothes when I get home."
"Sexy! OK, I'll show up in shorts and tevas. Can I bring anything?"
"No, just you."
We finished up and headed out. I drove her home, and walked her to the front door, where we kissed, passionately but comfortably.
"Thursday!" I said, as we broke apart and I turned to head to my car.
"Thursday," she said softly, just so I could hear it. And then she turned, went in the door, and was gone.
I drove home in a sort of daze, absolutely gobsmacked by Tracy. While I knew a lot of what I was feeling was afterglow from quite possibly the best night of sex I'd ever had, there was a much deeper connection there, deeper even than that with Carol. And putting those two nights back to back - wow. I could feel myself sliding over an edge, caught myself, shook my head, turned up Husker Du very loud in the car, and drove home, where I was confronted with the carnage of our evening. It actually wasn't that bad - except the bedroom, where the bed was just destroyed. Luckily, the apartment had a washer and dryer, so laundry was easy. I got laundry going, checked my work calendar for anything pressing, and then sat down on the couch to read.
The next thing I knew, it was 3 hours later - I'd crashed hard. It was right around 3 in the afternoon, and wow was I stiff! There are a lot of ways to work out stiffness; my preferred method was to go for a bike ride, which got all my muscles working but was low impact. So I pulled out my mountain bike and rode for about an hour and a half. It helped. I'd be kidding you if I said it cured it, but I felt better. A quick shower, and then a visit to the apartment complex's jacuzzi helped even more, to the point that I felt reasonably human.
Somewhat surprisingly, my phone had not blown up with texts while I'd napped and rode and jacuzzi'ed. I'd texted both Carol and Tracy to say thank you for a spectacular night - they both were - and they'd replied similarly. I'd asked Carol about her schedule, and it looked like it might be a while before we got to go out again, between her work and our combined children schedules. And I'd texted both Rachel and Jeannette (which was truly the height of laziness, as she was in the apartment one floor down and one over from mine), but hadn't heard back yet.
I was debating what to do for dinner when my phone ting'ed with a text. Tracy. "Like to come over?"
"Yes. When?"
"Now?"
"I'll leave in 5 min."
"OK."
I raced to the bathroom, brushed my teeth, thanked god I'd showered and shaved, pulled on a nicer shirt, picked up keys, phone, and wallet, and literally ran down to my car.
And ran smack into Jeannette, who had just pulled in to her garage. She looked a little tired, but still beautiful.
"Hey there! How was last night?" She said brightly.
Yikes. "Completely spectacular. Yours?"
She flashed one of her beautiful smiles. "I bet! Tracy said the same thing. It was fine - went for pizza and a movie. Different fun than you and Tracy! Been running around all day trying to get stuff done."
"Alex is back tomorrow - like to cook out?"
"That sounds good - I'll text when back from work."
"OK - night!"
I jumped in my car and then took a deep breath - I'd been ready to go racing through the parking lot. I put all the windows down, opened the moonroof, cranked up the stereo, and drove over to Tracy's. As I parked and closed up the car, I saw her door open and she came out on her front porch. My heart sped up just a bit as I saw her flowing bell of shiny golden blonde hair, and she waved and smiled as I got out of my car.
Neither of us said anything until I reached her. I took her in my arms, and our eyes met again. I was again totally dazzled.
As our eyes locked together again, she said softly, "I didn't want to wait."
"Me either." We held each other for a moment, then kissed again briefly.
We went inside, and decided on pizza. She ordered, and then poured us drinks before coming to snuggling up to me on the couch.
She let out a sigh. "This is nice."
I had an arm around her, and was reveling in feeling her next to me. "Mmmmm - hmmmm," was all I could manage.
She was wearing a pair of shorts and some kind of athletic shirt, with a sports bra underneath. Her hair was tied in a ponytail, and we stayed like that until the pizza came, sometimes idly chatting, but mostly just enjoying being next to each other.
The pizza came, and we inhaled it at the breakfast bar in her kitchen. We finished the glass of wine we'd both had, and then switched to water with a laugh - we were both still feeling last night. She cleaned up pretty quickly, declining my offer to help, and then we returned to the couch, where a nameless movie was playing on Netflix. She turned, killed the TV, and got up, extending her hand.
"Come on. I'm exhausted and want to feel you next to me."
I nodded. We made our way up to her bedroom, and as she started to lift off her top I stopped her. "May I?"
She smiled. "Of course. As long as you can do it before I collapse."
Well, that was easy - I slipped off her top, sports bra, and her shorts, leaving her naked. I quickly stripped myself, and we climbed on her bed, where she arranged herself so that half of her was on me, an arm across me, one of her legs atop mine, her hair still in the ponytail. We were both completely and utterly spent, but even so we couldn't resist each other, and coupled gingerly, our eyes locked on each other again. It was very different from last night - slow, sensual, and unbelievably sweet. As exhausted and sore as we both were, it didn't take either of us long to orgasm, and I think we were still coupled as we dozed off.
We didn't couple again the rest of the night, winding up spooning and I, at least, fell into a deep sleep. The next thing I knew her phone alarm was going off, and she hit snooze a couple of times as we woke up. We hadn't moved - we were in exactly the same position, and I reveled in the feel of her skin on mine, her hair splayed out on the pillow, and realized my hand was cupping her breast. She let out a yawn and stretched out, then turned and kissed me before edging off the bed to the bathroom.
"Gotta use the bathroom. There's another one out the door to the right." She was moving pretty stiffly, and as she closed the door I got myself up and found the other bath - so this is what it would look like!
We met back in the bedroom, and she was starting to move with her usual energy. She smiled. "That was almost as good as Saturday night!"
"We actually slept!" And then, more seriously, "Yes, it was. Loved waking up with you."
"I'm usually all about morning sex, but . . . work. Like to do my back in the shower?"
"Duh!"
We showered together - she'd opted for the larger shower in her townhouse, as I had, and it was big enough for both of us. We practically giggled as we washed each other, and as she reached for her shampoo I intercepted it. "May I?"
She nodded. I proceeded to shampoo her hair, massaging her scalp as I did, feeling her relax as my fingers worked her hair and scalp, making sure to get all of her hair, then turning her around to rinse. As she did, she reached for me, pulling me to her, kissing me hard as the warm water flowed down around us, finally breaking away and shooing me out of the shower. I dried off with a luxurious towel, hunted down my clothes, and dressed.
She came out in a robe, with a towel encasing her hair. "Thursday?"
I smiled. "Wouldn't miss it!"
She walked me down to the door, kissed me again, and went back upstairs. As I drove home, I saw it was all of 7:15 AM - earlier than I'd thought. And as I drove, I flashed back over the last 36 hours, most of which had been spent with her. I realized I'd been out with her more than Rachel and Jeannette, and also that I hadn't thought of Rachel, Jeannette, or Carol while I was with Tracy. Interesting . . .