I was catching up on the news and some email when my phone rang. It was Sue, asking me to pick her up. It was the last night before she went home to her cheating husband, and she'd decided to have some fun. I drove over, and, knowing her parents don't like me, I parked just up the street and waited for her to come out.
I watched as she left the house, looking around until she spotted me. When she'd climbed in and closed the door, she leaned over and kissed me.
"What did you want to do tonight then?" I asked when she was done.
"You know, I've thought I might go and see Bob again. The old guy in the bar. After all, him feeling me up was what set me off again, and I feel I should, uh, thank him."
"Thank him?"
"You know what I mean. I was thinking you could stay in the van and tell me what to do in text messages again. That's how I first met him, after all."
"What the lady wants," I said, pulling away. "Have you figured out what you're going to do when you get home yet?"
"I'm not sure. I'll see what Dave wants to do, but at least he's not the only one getting fucked at the moment."
The bar's only a short distance from her parents' place, and in no time we pulled in to the parking lot of the bar and parked. I went through to sit on the back seat.
She came through and opened the side door, getting out.
"How do I look?" she asked.
"I have no idea. Unbutton the coat."
She unbuttoned her coat, and held the sides apart like she was flashing me. Her skirt came down to her knees, and she had a dull blouse on.
"You look like a dowdy MILF," I told her.
"I can fix that."
She turned the skirt around and undid it, dropping it down her legs and stepping out of it. She tossed it next to me.
"How about now?"
"You look like a dowdy MILF without a skirt on," I said, grinning.
"Fuck you," she said, and unbuttoned her blouse. She wiggled her arms out of it and threw it in too.
She flashed me again.
"Better?"
Her department store underwear might have lacy bits, but that doesn't make it lingerie.
"A little, but that's not the sort of sexy bra you used to wear."
She looked down and sighed, then took her bra off and threw it in with the other clothes.
"Now?"
"Eh," I said.
She looked down at her panties. She slid them down her legs, and stepped out of them. In the van they went. She still had her pubic hair, but it doesn't grow thick on her, so it looked nice. Her sensible heels were dull, but I didn't think she'd want to be barefoot.
"Much better," I said, "just a shame about the heels. So what's the plan?"
"I'll go in and find Bob, then see how things go. I'll text you."
"And if he isn't there?"
"I'll see if there's anybody else I like the look of, or I'll come back out."
She buttoned up her coat and walked across the parking lot to the back door of the bar.
I sat down to play a stupid game on my phone and wait.
A few minutes later, I got a text from her.
All set
I replied.
Undo the middle button
It took her a short while to reply, which made me think she was getting Bob to do it, as it would have taken her no time to do it herself.
Done
Assuming she was showing Bob the messages, I replied.
Put your hand in
After a brief wait, I got her reply.
Done
Straight away, I sent the reply I had typed up.
Undo the next button down
It took a while to get a reply from her this time. Several minutes.
In the men's room
Ah. I'd assumed that they were already there, which meant she'd undone two buttons in the bar. Good girl. I replied.
Undo the next button up
She was replying faster now.
Done
Put your hand in
After a short wait, where I figured she was getting felt up, I sent her another message.
Picture
I got a picture of her front, with one tit sticking out of her coat. It looked a little ridiculous.
Suck it
She sent me a picture of his mouth on her nipple.
Undo the other buttons
I waited a little, assuming they were taking pictures or something, then sent another message.
Take off coat
After a little while, she messaged me back.
Somebody else has come in, no problem
I debated about going in there, then figured that she'd said no problem, and I'd believe her. I decided to press on.
Holding tits
She sent me a picture of him standing behind her, pushing her tits together.
Sucking dick
It took a while, with me wondering whether she was blowing him all the way, and then I got a reply from her.
Guy in wheelchair just came in. Might need to wing it
OL... I waited a bit to see what was going to happen. After about five minutes, she replied.
New guy's in
I figured I'd see what he looked like.
Picture
I got a picture of her bending awkwardly next to a young guy in a wheelchair.
New guy unbutton coat
I got a picture of her, with her coat unbuttoned, facing the camera with the wheelchair guy behind her. Bob was taking pictures, so I replied.
Old guy take off coat
I got a picture of her from behind, naked, facing the wheelchair guy.
New guy suck tits
After a few minutes, I got a picture of her straddling the guy in the wheelchair, sitting on his lap with him just mauling her tits. I decided to involve Bob some more.
Make out with old guy
After several minutes, I got a picture. She was facing the camera, with Bob behind her. She was reaching over her shoulder and holding his head to her, and he was pushing her tits together while tweaking her nipples. I sent her her next instruction.
Blow new guy
It took probably five or ten minutes, but I got a picture of her standing next to the wheelchair, bent at the waist with his dick in her mouth. He was playing with her tits. I assumed that she'd finished him off as she'd stopped to send me the picture.
Let's see - she sucked Bob off just the other day, so I sent her a reply.
Jack off old guy
After another five or ten minutes, I got a picture. It was taken from above, and she was sitting on his dick, with it poking out from under her pussy. He looked naked underneath, and there was cum on his hairy stomach.
Lick it up
I sat and waited to see what was going to happen next. After about ten minutes of waiting, she came out of the back door and headed over to me.
"Can we go back to your place?"
"Sure," I said, closing the door behind her. We sat down, and I started the van.
"I am so fucking turned on right now," she said, "I just want your cock inside me."
"We could have done that back there," I said. We've fucked in the van before.
After a drive home full of idle chit chat, we stopped in the parking lot. We went up the hallway stairs, and I turned on my hallway light when I came through the door. I took her coat and hung it up before letting the door close.
"Can I take a shower?" she asked.
"No, I'll fuck you filthy." It'd save her having another shower afterwards.
I led her into the bedroom and turned on the bedside light. She went back and got her phone, and turned off the light in the hallway.
"Let's look at the pictures," she said. "They must have taken hundreds of them."
She kicked off her shoes and lay on the bed. I went and laid down behind her.
She told me to get undressed, then watched me.
As I knelt on the bed, she turned away from me and patted the bed behind her. I laid behind her, looking over her shoulder at her phone.
"Hang on a sec," I said. I turned the TV on and took her phone, hooking it up so the gallery appeared on the TV.
"There you go."
She opened on a picture from the last time she was at the bar, standing there in my underwear, in the disabled stall. She started swiping through them, stopping on each for a few seconds. One of Bob, her naked, her sucking his dick and so on.
I'd been playing with her nipples, knowing that really turns her on. They were like little bullets, and she reached back between her legs and pulled my dick between them, slowly sliding forwards and backwards.
When got to tonight's adventure, she reached down and pushed slightly on my dick then slid forwards until it was in her pussy. We slowly fucked as she swiped through the pictures.
She stopped swiping as she came, she was all tensed up and I was left looking at a picture of her with Bob's dick on her face for a few seconds before she started swiping again.
She was swiping slower over the pictures of her sucking his dick, and I held her and pushed my dick in and pulled it out.
We got through to the pictures after the guy in the wheelchair had joined in, she came again looking at him mauling her tits. I could see red marks on them where he'd been none too gentle.
We got to the pictures of her making out with Bob, and I was starting to get close. She'd started off facing him, with him feeling her up, before she'd had him behind her rubbing his dick against her.
She seemed to be riding a wave of orgasms, and when we'd got a ways in to the pictures of her sucking off the guy in the wheelchair, she'd stopped swiping. I pounded away, holding her hips to me, until I came deep inside her. This set her off, shuddering again in another big orgasm.
We laid there, with me still inside her, while she swiped through the pictures of her jacking Bob off - she was in his lap, sliding her pussy against his dick. We saw the pictures of her licking his cum off his stomach, and she'd even sucked his dick clean.
We got to the end of the pictures, and she rolled over, clamping her hand over her pussy, and got up to waddle to the bathroom.
I grabbed her phone and followed, taking a couple of pictures.
She got into the tub without spilling any cum, then turned to face me. I took pictures as she let the cum pour out and run down her legs.
"I'm going to add these to your folder on my PC," I told her.
"Come here a sec," she said, and bent down and licked and sucked my dick clean.
She stood up again, and went to turn the shower on, and I went and copied her pictures.
I left her a towel and a toothbrush, then went and got dressed again.
She came out of the bathroom cleaning her teeth.
"Come on," I said, "I want to go and get something to eat."
She went and spat out the toothpaste, then came and said "but I haven't got a thing to wear."
"That's sort of the point, isn't it?"
She put on her coat and collected her shoes, and we headed down to the van. When we got there, she tried to get into the back and her clothes, but I stopped me.
"Nope."
"Not even my underwear?"
"Nope."
She sat there in just her coat and I took us to a little Mexican restaurant that's not far. We went in through the back door, the waiter recognized me and pointed us to a table backed against a wall. I sat on the bench seat, and I took a chair opposite her, with my back to the room.
Sue said to order her something, and I noticed her looking at somebody behind me. She seemed to be preening herself a little, and I turned and looked at him. He was a bit older than us, and looked well dressed. This could be fun, so I went around the table to sit next to her.
"You like him?"
"No," she lied, "should I?"
"Oh go on, I can tell you think he's good looking."
"OK then," she said, "he's not bad."
"Move your legs apart."
"I'd rather not."
"He won't be able to see you in this light," I said, "and besides, then I can mess with you."
"As long as you don't get us thrown out."
"You don't even live here, what do you care?"
She moved her legs apart a bit. I poked my fingers through the gap between the bottom two buttons on her coat, and she moved her legs as far apart as she could under the coat.
"Happy?" she asked.
"For now," I said as I stroked her inner thigh.
The waiter came over and I ordered us a couple of quesadillas. I'd have a soda as I was driving, a beer for her. I didn't move my hand from her lap while the waiter was standing there.
I noticed her smile at the older guy, so I looked over straight at him and undid the bottom button on her coat.
I put my whole hand on her, moving it up so I could lightly stroke her clit.
"So have you decided what you're going to do when you get home?"
"Not really, I was thinking I'll be a little more liberated than I have been."
"What about Dave?"
"I haven't decided yet."
I could tell she was getting turned on. The waiter came over with our drinks, and put the beer in front of her. He could see my hand in her lap, and he stayed there and reached over to put my soda down. I grinned at him and thanked him.
"I'm going to the men's room," I said. "Don't move a muscle."
I went and took a leisurely piss, thinking about her sitting there with her legs open, looking at the guy she seemed to think was cute. I washed my hands, carefully drying them on a paper towel.
I headed back towards our table, and the guy was standing there talking to Sue, and as I got closer, I could see she'd undone another button on her coat, and was holding the flap up so he could see her pussy. He was staring at her.
I just sat down like nothing was going on.
"What did I miss?"
"Uh, Dan, this is Oscar," Sue said.
"Hi."
He stopped staring at her and looked at me.
"Hi. I was just telling your... friend... how pretty she looks. I should get back to my friend. It was nice to meet you."
He turned and went back to his table.
"Boo," I said, "I scared him off."
"You did," she said, and dropped the flap of her coat back. She started to redo the button.
"Oh no," I said, "you undid it, leave it like that."
She looked down to check herself. She probably wouldn't have done that before she was married.
"You have been living in a convent recently, haven't you?" I asked.
The waiter arrived with dinner. He served her first, checking the join of her coat. He gave us a little bow and I said "thanks", and he went off to talk to some other customers.
Sue started eating.
"Why don't you undo your top button."
She undid the button. I saw Oscar was watching her.
We ate our small meal in silence. Oscar and his friend had finished and the waiter cleared their plates away. His friend was looking over at us from time to time too.
I said "undo another button."
She undid the second button down. There was just the middle button now.
I was staring at Oscar, who was staring at her, and I moved her coat to flash her tit at him. His eyes went wide, but I covered her up again before his friend had turned around to look to see what he was reacting to.
The waiter came and cleared our plates away.
"Are we done here?" I asked her.
She chugged her beer and nodded, putting the empty bottle down.
"Why don't you meet me at the van, and I'll go and settle up."
She got up, and without doing up her buttons, walked past Oscar's table and out the back door. I took my empty glass and her bottle and went over to the counter to pay.
Oscar came over and said "your friend is very special."
"You should go and say good night to her - she'll be out in the parking lot waiting for me," I told him.
He rushed without trying to seem rushed, and his friend got up and followed him. I saw they'd left cash on the table.
I settled the bill, retrieved my card and headed out to the van. I opened the door to go outside, and could see the two men standing over by Sue, who was between the van and the wall.
As I watched, she undid the middle button on her coat and held it open for them. I grabbed the door so it didn't slam closed and break the mood.
I could hear that they were talking, but not what they were saying. I leaned against the wall and got my phone out to take pictures.
First Oscar, then his friend started stroking her tits. She closed her eyes as they felt her up. I watched Oscar slide his hand down to her pussy, and it looked like she opened her legs slightly. Not to be outdone, his friend reached around under her coat to feel her butt.
Oscar bent forward and started sucking the tit he'd been playing with. His friend took that as a cue to do the same on his tit.
I heard the door open, and the waiter came bowling out. I put my finger to my lips to shush him, and caught the door, closing it gently again. He looked at me funnily, and I pointed towards Sue.
"Sweet," he whispered, and settled in to watch with me.
Oscar stopped sucking, and let go of her. His friend grabbed the tit he wasn't sucking. He took her coat from her, and pulled it off her arms, leaving her standing there in just her shoes. Again I cursed them for not being high heels. He hung her coat over the mirror on the van, then took her hands from her sides, and put them on her head. She moved her shoulders back, pushing her tits into the other guy's face.
Oscar squatted down in front of her, holding on to her hips to steady himself, and leant forward to lick her pussy. From this angle we couldn't see much, but she let go of her head and started holding both their heads to her.
I could see when she came, as she gripped their heads to her all the more. A few seconds later, Oscar stood up and his friend let go of her too.
She hugged and kissed Oscar, while his friend held her from behind. A naked girl sandwich, if you will.
"Gotta go, man," whispered the waiter. He headed back into the restaurant, closing the door quietly.
When I turned back to the action, Sue was undoing Oscar's pants, and he was playing with her tits. She squatted down, pulling his dick out. She immediately started licking his dick, but Oscar's friend moved round to close to her face with his dick out. She held on to Oscar's dick, and leaned over to lick his friend's dick.
She went back to sucking Oscar's dick, and he held her head as he slid his dick in and out of her mouth. She still held on to the other guy's dick, slowly jacking it. Every minute or so she'd stop sliding her face back and forth before going back to sucking him off. Suddenly she stopped, and held still while Oscar filled her mouth with cum. I could see her throat going as she swallowed, and he let go of her head.
Still holding Oscar's dick, she started sucking off the other guy. Her hand stayed on Oscar's friend's dick, which was just as well as he started fucking her face. It didn't take long for him to cum, and she looked to have been ready for it. She swallowed for a short while, then licked Oscar's dick before standing up. The guys were getting dressed again, and she grabbed her coat from the mirror on the van and pulled it on. She buttoned it up as they were talking.
I put my phone in my pocket as I pushed myself off the wall, and started over towards them.
I nodded to Oscar and his friend as I passed them, and they were all smiles.
When I got to Sue, I gave her a hug.
"That was great," I said.
"You saw?"
"Yes, we watched the whole thing from over there."
"We?"
"Me and the waiter."
"Can you take me home?" she asked. She looked tired.
"Fine," I said, "Let's go."
We got in, and she went back to where her clothes were and got dressed. I started the engine, and saw the waiter, smoking a cigarette, by the back door as we pulled away - he waved.
"I'm not looking forward to going home tomorrow," she said.
"Eh, you'll be fine," I replied. "You don't really have a choice not to be."
"Can I text you if I'm feeling down?"
"Sure, if you think I'll cheer you up," I said.
We pulled up, just short of her parents' house.
"I'll text you," she said, giving me a hug as she got out. "Thanks for this. I needed to get out of my head."