Everyone having sex is at least 18. This story is a work of fiction. I made it all up. Check reality at the door and enjoy it for what it is. Special thanks to goducks111 for his help and making this a better story.
This story is a continuation of the Rescuer. It's a good read on its own, and it helps set up this story. It's not required reading, but as I said, it's a good read. I took liberties with the children in the Rescuers, they didn't fit this story well, so I changed the names, sex, who they were born to, and what order they were born. This has zero effect on the original story and a significant impact on this story.
*****
Chapter 18 -- Wedding Night
At 2:00 AM, dad grabs us and throws us in a Jeep. Mom and Mary are by the Jeep and hug us before we get in. They wave as we take off. Phil is driving and takes us to a nice hotel just outside of the base. We both have presidential suites reserved and that are booked for the entire day. We have the North suite while Bubba and Bonnie have the South suite.
We walk into the beautiful suite. There is a large TV, a couch, table, chairs, all tastefully organized. Zeus and Jill are outside of our door, already in guard mode, and almost seem to be smiling. Inside the bedroom is a large modern washroom with an eight-person shower and a jacuzzi. The bedroom is light and dark blue in colors. It's nicely done. The most interesting part of the finely decorated room is the submissive slave sitting on the corner of the bed. Written on her forehead in lipstick are the words, "Submissive Slave." This one has a name, Pam. She tries hard not to smile.
I am short, "Pam, explain."
Pam says in a soft voice, "I'm here to serve you and Porsche. I will do anything you want, no safe word. My one limit is that you may not please me. I'm here strictly to please master and mistress. I will suck cock, eat pussy, clean clock that was in ass or lick ass all night long. You may pee on me, beat me, spank me, send me naked into the hallway, anything that pleases you."
She looks at the floor, never making eye contact with us. Well, I did not expect this. I look at Porsche, she has wide-open eyes, obviously in shock as much as I am. Well, isn't that interesting.
I bring Porsche close to me, so we may kiss.
I command Pam, "I want you to slowly and neatly, undress Porsche and me while we enjoy some foreplay."
Pam starts on Porsche while I engage Porsche in a light and a gentle kiss that is sexually charged.
Porsche giggles, "I'm wet already. I need you."
The bra is gone, my hands cup the breasts and fondle her heavy breasts. I knead one breast, which causes moaning by Porsche. She is submissive to me, not touching or breaking lip contact. I dig deeper, so our tongues can play with each other. She is now naked. Pam starts on my tie, jacket, and jewelry.
My hands move to the rock-hard nipples. They are at full length, and I can pull on them a bit. It's a ton of fun and causes Porsche to moan even louder. As my shirt comes off, Porsche moves her hands to my chest. She presses on each muscle to feel its strength, I can tell she loves doing this. Her fingers trace each defined line. My pants are off. I help Pam remove my socks and step out of my pants. I am naked now.
Pam goes back to the bed; she is waiting for orders. I push Porsche onto her back, across the width of the bed. I crawl up on the bed, between her legs.
I command Pam, "I'm going to start sucking on her left nipple. I want you to suck on the opposite nipple and pull away, causing some pain. Limit the pain to three on a ten-point scale. We'll swap often."
I suck on a nipple for a minute and then swap. With my hands free, I reach down and insert two fingers into her flooded pussy.
Porsche moans out, "Ahhhhhhhhhh, just what I needed. That feels so good."
I swap again with Pam and use my other hand, again with two fingers. I feel Porsche shudder internally, she loves this very much. Again, she moans. I swap with Pam again. Pam sticks a finger in Porsche's pussy and moves it rapidly in contrast to my slow movement.
Porsche starts with a low shout, and it builds to an earth-moving scream. I stop.
Looking at Pam with a soft voice, I say, "I only want you to lightly touch her breasts. Play all you want, however, ignore the nipples."
Pam eagerly plays with the beautiful, young, and large breasts before her. Mostly, she gently squeezes the breast and lets it spring back to its standard shape. Both women have a smile on their faces.
I am between her legs and use my nose to nudge her pussy lips open. Who am I kidding? She is already spread open and ready for play. It feels nice bumping her clit. Porsche has a narrow slot; it doesn't hang open from excessive use. I am slow and delicate with my tongue as I stroke it up and down across her entire pussy. I reach both sides. The lips roll a bit with my tongue and then slips back into place.
Typically, I am faster and more deliberate, I use more pressure. This is entirely new to her, and she loves it. Immediately, Porsche emits a deep guttural moan and makes Pam do a double take. I am sure she is wondering if she heard that right. The second, third, and forth lapping each produce long, low moans.
Porsche is breathing hard and almost giggling with happiness as she says, "Oh fuck me. Who taught you this? TELL ME!! OH, fuck me! I ammmmm, I ammmmmm, cuuuuuummmmmming!
With her orgasm, she jumps up, pushes Pam out of the way, and reaches for me. Upon grasping my body, she pulls me into a bearhug that could kill a bear. There, she enjoys her orgasm. She rides it like a real trooper, smile on her face, love in her eyes, and a look of satisfaction in her entire demeanor.
After the orgasm finishes, she lays back down. I move her onto the pillows, so her body is now lengthwise on the bed. As she exhales, I thrust my cock into her pussy. Her eyes widen, she is surprised that she didn't get her four orgasms.
Pam answers for me, "Tonight was both physically and emotionally draining. It's almost 3:00 AM, and he's dead tired. I'm sorry you didn't get as good as I got last night. I am sure he'll make it up to you today. Right now, he's going to fuck you well, make you happy, and then you two will go to sleep. On waking up, I bet he uses the washroom and then comes back and fucks you good."
I do most of what she says. I am fucking her at a fast rate. We are all tired and exhausted. I need to cum in my wife. I don't understand why, but I have this need to fill her pussy with my seed. I am now slamming into her about as fast as I can. Her hair is a mess, and she is a light pink and fighting for her breath. We are both sweaty, and the thick scent of sex is heavy in the room.
Pam says in a low, breathy voice, "Oh Porsche, you lucky bitch, he is treating you like a cheap whore. He handles your body like a sack of potatoes, then thrusts his man meat into you without asking. He took what he wanted, and he wanted you. He owns you, and you will do what he says. Your feelings don't matter, it's all about a warm place to stick his cock into.
"He plunges in and pulls out because it feels good to him. That thick sausage slides effortlessly inside your vagina because you are a whore and love meat inside you. You love thick meat that heats your juices and makes you cum.
"He's using you. Plunging his cock into you. Your tight pussy is opening. He's spreading you open. Why? Because he is man enough to take you and make you his. You will fuck him on command. He will fuck you in front of others. You'll suck his cock in front of people you know. Did you know he'll ask others to take your ass? Yes, he will share your body. Other men will use your body. He'll ask them to."
Ok, that was too much. I have no idea what she is talking about. However, I have held out long enough. The dirty talk got to me, and now I am going to blast a hole in my sister, my wife. I thrust as hard as I can, it moves Porsche's body, and I shoot a huge wad of cum into her unprotected vagina.
Pam has the same effect on Porsche, she explodes with a death wail followed by every muscle in her body pulling tight. Her vagina clamps down on my cock. It's steel, a clamp has no effect on me, I thrust again, shooting another hefty wad of cum into my sister. I pull back and slam in again. Porsche is frozen, eyes rolled up into her skull, silent.
I thrust three more wads of cum into my love and then fall to the side. I am exhausted. I see Pam at the end of the bed, looking at the floor, she seems sad.
With a weary voice, I ask Pam, "That dirty talk, is that what you wanted tonight?"
She doesn't say anything. I see tears in her eyes, she looks away from me.
I ask with a forceful voice, "Tell me, slave! Was that what you wanted tonight?"
Pam is evasive, "I was here to please you. I was not to be pleased. I fulfilled my gift to you."
Ok, she wanted to be a slut tonight. She probably wanted some type of humiliation. How the fuck do I do that now? I mull my options for a few minutes, I am tired. Finally, I get inspired and smile.
With renewed energy, I command, "Pam. These are your direct orders from me. Rule #1, nobody fucks you. Rule #2 bring towels in case you see children. Order #1, go to the pool as you are, and swim five laps. Order #2, if anyone is there, you are a slut. Blow jobs for men, eat pussy for women, and in general, let them touch and play with your body. Order #3, you may enjoy pleasure and orgasm. Order #4, if you can't complete Order #2, eat Bonnie and Paula to orgasm. Go."
Pam looks at me with wide eyes, shocked, yet a sly grin on her face.
Chapter 19 -- Pam goes swimming
Pam's point of view:
Holy shit! What have I got myself into? I had no idea he would give me those orders. I expected him to keep it in the family. I do want to get my slut on, just not sure this is how to do it. Hell, it is 4:00 am, nobody will be out. I think I will go swim and then rush back to eat Bonnie and Paula. What could go wrong?
I open the door and stick my head out. Nobody in the hallway. Am I surprised? I enter the hallway and walk quickly to the elevator. Jill follows me, I pat her head. I press the button and wait. These are some of the longest seconds of my life. I am standing in front of the door naked, and my heart is beating a hundred times a second. This is worse than being shot at.
The elevator opens, and it smells like pizza, probably a pizza delivery guy was in here last. I press one, and the door closes. My heart is still racing, and my pussy is leaking. I am nervous, afraid, and giddy at the same time. It's thrilling, knowing people might see me.
After I exit the elevator, I hear voices. People are at the front desk. My heart is racing faster. It's two couples from the wedding, they go the other direction. I creep slowly down the hallway like that will stop me from being seen. I need to remind myself that I need to breathe.
At the pool entrance, there is a window. Nobody is inside or swimming. How lucky can I get? I quickly enter, set my towels down, then quickly walk to the pool. I hesitantly walk into the warm pool. It feels awesome! My heart slows down, I am relaxing. I move further into the water and then start my five laps.
I enjoy swimming. Doing five laps is relaxing and therapeutic. I don't rush the swimming; I love the way that the water glides over my naked body. The warm water is fantastic. Typically, the lakes are cold or freezing; it's only warm when we are in the hot springs. Heated water is very nice.
After five laps, I walk out of the water to get my towels. There is a young couple there already, and they each took one of my towels. They probably thought they were hotel, public towels. They had no idea I brought them down.
I am frozen still with fright. My heart is beating a thousand beats a minute. I can't talk, and my body is shaking from fear. The couple is looking at me with just about as much surprise. The good-looking young soldier is checking my body out, and he is smiling. The young woman seems amused.
Connie breaks the tension, "Hi. My name's Connie. This is my boyfriend, Teddy. I know you; I saw you up on stage. Your brother Bubba saved Teddy's life. He is a pilot that got injured in Central America."
She is trembling and has tears flowing down her face.
Teddy hugs her, and she continues, "We just took your towels, didn't we?"
I nod my head, yes, and now I have a few tears flowing down my face. I can't talk.
Connie is curious, "You didn't get married, you're very close to them because you grew up together. I don't get it, why are you here?
Oh shit, I wish she would have kept her mouth shut. I fall to my knees on the floor, in front of them, and hang my head.
I say to both while looking down, "My gift to them was me as a slut. I assisted his wife some, and then he sent me down here to please others. I may not fuck; I'm here to please others with blow jobs and eating pussy."
In 0.2 seconds, Teddy has his hard cock out and is using his hand to pull my head towards his cock. I open my mouth.
Connie slaps his arm away; she has a look of hate on her face.
Connie is furious, "Her brother saved your life, and this is how you repay him, you force her to blow you?"
I offer happily, "I am a slut, I'm here to please others."
Connie looks happy, "Fine. I am going to sit on this chase lounger, spread my legs, and then I want you to eat me."
She laid down, and I crawl up on the lounger with my knees on the ground still. I eagerly dig in, glad to be fulfilling my orders. I try to emulate Hunter tonight. Porsche seemed to like that a lot. Maybe it's common with others, I will find out.
Connie is immediately grasping for breathing and saying, "Holy fuck, you are good. Teddy, get to work."
I feel Teddy behind me, and he feels where my pussy is. Is he going to fuck me?
Connie is commanding in her words, "Make her cum before I do, or you get nothing more this weekend."
He is lightning fast at moving, so he is on his back and licking my pussy for all he is worth. He alternates between soft and heavy pressure then alternates between inner and outer lips. He uses his fingers very effectively. This man is very good. However, he hasn't learned that many women like it soft and gentle like his girlfriend.
Connie is softly saying, "Damn woman, you sure can eat pussy. I love that slow and tender lapping of a wide tongue. You hear that, Teddy?"
Teddy immediately changes to soft, slow, and gentle. Oh my, what a difference.
I moan as I say in a deep sexy and breathy voice, "Oh fuck, that feels good."
My skills falter as Teddy is doing much better and is distracting me. It's hard to eat pussy good while my own twat is being serviced so well. Oh shoot, I am not to be pleasured.
I stop and say excitedly, "Stop! Teddy, please stop. I am not to gain pleasure from this. My purpose is the give others pleasure today."
Connie is rough with me; she pulls my head up by grabbing my ears. OW! OW! OW!
She looks me directly in the eyes yet says, "Teddy, don't you dare stop now. Now, look here, you whore. Your purpose is to please me. It pleases me to have a husband that sucks my pussy and fucks me good several times a week. Without your family, I'm a lonely secretary that nobody ever notices. I'd be wasting my life doing nothing.
"Since Teddy saved me from that life by asking a geeky girl out, my life has been awesome. So, excuse me when the chance comes along to say thank you and take advantage of your generosity. I can't believe we use you like a two-dollar whore." She is full out crying now.
Teddy added more and more pleasure as she rambled on. Her pep-talk obviously inspired him as much as me. Her hands are now on my breasts, massaging them. This is too much; I feel a swell of emotions build in me like a tidal wave. It's only a few seconds before I explode into a beautiful orgasm.
I can't move, my body has gone limp. Teddy moves me, so I am on top of Connie, who is hugging me and singing a sweet song in my ear. I hear others show up, but it's a few minutes before they are near us and checking out my naked body.
As I come around, I ask the boys, "Who wants a blowjob?"
They are all eager. There are five of them, all have accents, they're not from this area. One grabs my hair and attempts to pull my willing mouth towards his waiting cock. Connie slaps his hands and draws me closer to her, wrapping her arms protectively around my naked body. The man did not like that at all; he is mad now. He raises a fist, but Teddy is quick to punch the guy in the gut, doubling him over and knocking the wind out of him.
Teddy now has a big problem; the guy has four friends. I open my eyes, and Jill is standing next to me. She is growling softly.
I use a soft voice, "Jill, protect me."
Instantly the previously timid husky becomes a whirling dervish. Her eyes change from carefree to a killer. Her hair is up on end, she howls and then barks with her long teeth showing. This dog is all business now. The boys stop and think. The fifth friend is up, and he is talking them into attacking. Just one dog, they can take out one dog.
That is precisely when Bubba, Chip (Bonnie's dog), and Jack (Bubba's dog) walk in.
Bubba activates his dogs, "Jack, Chip, protect Pam."
The two dogs are now next to me and are in attack mode like my dog. Bubba only has shorts and shoes on, his muscular body is on display. He shoots me a grin at seeing me naked. He takes a few quick steps towards the kids, easily dwarfing all of them. It's obvious, he has no weapons.
Bubba says with a cocky attitude, "Since my sister is being protected by a woman and a pilot, it's easy to see you're up to no good."
The first guy complains, "She said she was here to hand out blow jobs and eat pussy. I pointed her to my cock, and these two stopped her. We're here just to have fun. I want my cock sucked."
One of the men stupidly took a quick step towards Bubba and hit him in the stomach. Bubba laughs at the kid, reaches back, and clobbers him in the face. This is like slow-motion boxing, the head gets whacked, wobbles, and then the body goes down in a heap. What a stupid kid.
Bubba asks, "Anyone else want a try?" No takers.
Bubba commands me, "Pam, go to your room now. I'll make sure nobody follows you."
Teddy offers me a hand and wraps a towel around my waist. I get up, and then we assist Connie. She wraps a towel around my chest and kisses me. I walk out with them hand in hand. They don't need to, but they walk me to my room. Zeus is nervous.
I tell Zeus, "Zeus, friends." He is happy again. Jill takes her place by the door again.
I kiss both Teddy and Connie, then say goodbye as I step into the suite. I am exhausted, Hunter and Porsche are at it again. I hear her crying out an orgasm. They collapse in a heap. I get in bed after shucking the towels and curl up behind Hunter. I am interrogated about my pool trip. Hunter takes it well, I expected him to be furious with me. He wasn't. I am in tears, I am tired, and I don't understand Hunter's attitude.
I ask Hunter, "Why aren't you mad at me. I screwed up, I didn't follow directions, I endangered people. I fucked everything up." I am crying again.
Hunter is laughing at me.
Porsche explains to me, "Oh, Pam. He called the front desk to watch over you. Teddy's a friend of his. You rode on his helicopter at least fifty times. When the guys showed up, the front desk called Bubba. He normally doesn't take his dogs out at 4:00 AM."
Hunter asks me, "Did you have fun?"
I answer, "What do you mean? I was scared, it was nerve-racking. But it was fun, it was awesome, it sucked, I was scared for my life. I was embarrassed a lot as well."
Hunter shakes his head, "You've never done stuff like that before. Overall, did you have fun? Would you do it again?"
I now understand, "Yes. I felt alive, scared, and sexy. It was a hell of a lot of fun. Yes, I would do it again." I kiss Hunter. "Thank you for pushing me and looking out for me. I appreciate it a lot."
Hunter smiles and laughs his sweet short laugh, "I know Bubba had fun, he got a chance to slug someone. Guys on base know not to fight or tease him. He enjoyed that tremendously. Time to get more sleep, cuddle up."
Chapter 20 -- More Sex
I hear a phone ringing. I ignore it. Everyone ignores it.
+++++
Our door bursts open, the dogs attack us with love and kisses. I pull the blanket over us.
Mom is cheerful and yells, "Wake up my children. We bring food. Put some clothes on and join us for breakfast NOW!"
I don't want to get up. I hear the door open, and its Penny, Mary, and dad. Then quietly, Bubba, Bonnie, and Paula come walking in. They are less happy than the parents. I get up and start a hot shower. Porsche and Pam join me for two minutes, and we are done. We wiped a night of sex off us and the lost sleep that will never be recovered.
We are short chairs; Porsche ends up on my lap while Bonnie ends up on Bubba. I am barely awake, both Pam and Porsche feed me and help with coffee. The coffee is terrific this morning.
The parents discuss all the old people and the dignitaries that attended the wedding last night. I didn't realize it, but there was a ton of security on base because of so many important people. Everyone was amazed at the big-name stars for both the music and the cooking. Penny was surprised at the jewelry, very expensive.
Bonnie and Porsche get a big awwww for attempting to start a family. After breakfast, we begin discussing plans for tomorrow. Mary gets up, comes to me, grabs my hand, and pulls me up and after her. She is silent. I am dragged down a floor to the room the parents shared. Mary sets her dog at the door and says, "Nobody."
That surprised me a bit. A private conversation.
Mary hugs me and has us both sit down on the couch. She has tears in her eyes. She wants to say something, but the words are obviously challenging. I move closer to Mary, pull her head into my chest, and pat her on the back as I hug her.
Mary pushes me away, wipes the tears away, and then starts her speech, "You and Bubba are both wonderful people. Almost interchangeable in your leadership and your ability to help others. Everyone wants one of you two leading their rescue.
"A few years ago, you rescued a group that got ambushed where they took Porsche and shot Bubba. I believe your exact words were, I thought he was dead. Everyone knows he had several injuries. Some are more difficult to talk about." Oh shit. Please don't go where I fear this is going. "Some are too embarrassing to discuss, with anyone, but your doctor.
"Bonnie came to me." The tears are flowing on high now. She can barely talk. "Bubba, ... Bubba can't... Bubba can't have children anymore."
Mary threw herself at me. I, too, am crying, and I hug Mary. Life isn't fair sometimes.
Mary is sobbing hard, yet continues, "Pam and Paula don't know. He is still shooting a liquid, but there are zero swimmers."
I ask with hope, "What about Penny? With her money, isn't there someone, somewhere, that can fix him?"
Mary slows down on the crying, she is happy with my concern, however, "Sorry, no. The factory was wiped out. When it gets wiped out, there is nothing to fix."
I bring it home, "We're married, the girls want children, he is firing banks, that means you brought me here to ask me to fill in for him. You also don't want me telling them. Well, that just ain't going to happen."
Mary is annoyed, "That's bad English, and you know it. How can you not help our family?"
I am annoyed with Mary, and my voice shows it, "I never said I wouldn't help. I said I would not keep it a secret from Pam and Paula. It's not fair to them. I'll agree to never mention anything in front of Bubba, but there is no way I lie to either of them."
Mary hugs me again, "You are so predictable at times. Your mom and dad said you would object to that. In my heart, I knew you would, I had to try."
I chuckle, "I understand, you want to protect your son. Does he know?"
Mary smiles, "Yes. You can't keep this from a person. He also knows that I'm asking you to fill in. He has some plans for today. OK, enough, crying. Let's go back to your room and finish breakfast."
Walking back to my room, that was the hardest walk in my life. I am worn out, and now my heart grieves for my brother. He has been robbed of the gift to make life. I put a smile on my face as I walk back into the room.
As I walk in, the parents are leaving, they have many friends to meet before they go home. It's all tears and hugs as they leave.
Bubba whistles for the dogs. He has clothes on, the only one that does.
Bubba announces, "I need some more fucking, and I don't plan to leave the bed for hours." I think he is talking to the dogs. They are listening. "I need all of you to go out, do your thing, and then sleep the rest of the day." He opens the door. "Come!"
Six dogs scramble to get out the door first. The door closes after Bubba leaves, and we can hear the dogs running down the hallway. Oh my.
I am sitting on the couch, "Bonnie, Paula, please sit down with me. Porsche and Pam, I want you to here as well. I'm positive you all noticed that Mary took me out of the room. She took me down to their room, and we had a short talk. Bubba has had several injuries. The time that I thought we lost him, one of the injuries we never discussed, was his inability to father a child."
Paula and Pam break out crying. Bonnie and Porsche have tears running down their faces.
I continue, "Mary wanted me to fill in and hide it from you. Not because she hates or doesn't trust you, but because she's protecting him. The natural reaction of a good mother. I feel obligated to tell you. I'm not going to make the decision of who the father of your child will be.
"You may choose me. Dad's also an excellent source. I don't think I have to tell you that there are a few men in our unit and on-base that would also gladly assist. Then there are the hundreds of men that come through the lodge monthly and even sperm banks. You have plenty of sources; each of you can make your own choice.
"If you don't want me, I'll still love you all. All I ask is that you not discuss this ever in front of Bubba. I love him too much to hurt him. I ask that you all follow my lead."
Bonnie is first to talk, "Hunter, you are so damn predictable. I really didn't want anyone to know. Hearing you say the words and your reasons, once again, I am proud to call you my brother and my lover. I will, without a doubt, carry your child happily."
She hugs me hard, and the tears increase. Are these tears of happiness now? How can I tell? Please, Bonnie, use a sign!
Paula stops the tears, "I'm glad you told me. I do want to have a choice; you suggest many good options. I don't have to choose you. Would you be sad if I didn't?"
Porsche is cross, "Paula! How can you ask that? He told you that you have a choice, listed several options outside of him, and then gave you no timetable to decide. Only a man that loves you does that."
We hear the dogs rushing down the hallway. Bubba will be back soon.
I suggest, "Bubba will be back any second. I want to suggest that we ..." Bubba walks in with the dogs, each running to their owner. "do something different today. We've had a bunch of sex in the last two days. Rather than just rutting like animals, how about we spice things up with something we've never done."
Porsche is first to complain, "I'm not sticking my head out the window and showing the town my boobs."
Bonnie is next, "Roleplay?"
Bubba asks, "I get to fuck Porsche?"
Porsche laughs, "Only in your dreams."
Paula chimes in, "This sounds dumb already. You probably want all the women screwing each other. Men love woman on woman action."
Pam adds, "No, they'll want a blowjob competition."
Porsche suggests, "A pussy eating competition sounds better."
I am annoyed, "HEY! Give me a break, will ya? Only one of you is even close. I'm thinking about a new position that none of you have ever tried ... that I know of. Let's say I have never used this position."
Pam asks, "Six-person 69 chain?"
Bonnie asks, "Scorpion? Seashell?"
I yell out, "NO! NO. No. Give me a break. I was going to suggest something for the women to enjoy, something intense."
Porsche deadpans, "That sounds like DP'ing."
Bonnie asks in a high-pitched voice, "Whattttttttttt?"
Porsche rolls her eyes and says to Bonnie, like an adult talking to a toddler, "Double Penetration. It requires two guys. One goes up your cunt, and the other goes down the poop chute. It's very intense. I heard they have different sets of pleasure receptors, and it scrambles your brain when being bombarded with pleasure. You feel both cocks at the same time; there is a thin membrane between the two."
Bubba asks, "How do we do it?"
Porsche screams out, "How about we do a demo. ME FIRST! Any complaints?" No complaints, they're all curious. "Hunter, I choose you to warm me up. While that is going on, Bubba, you need to find a condom if we have one and then lube yourself up."
I ask, "You need warming up? We just stick it in you."
Porsche is not happy, "Fuck you, caveman. To take his huge cock up my ass, I need to relax. It's easier if I just had an orgasm. Therefore, I am going to sit up here on the bed. I want you to eat me to an orgasm."
No shit, I never knew that. I move between Porsche's legs and start an aggressive lapping with my tongue. I go right down the middle, getting every bit that I can. I am energetic with making big letter "O's," those are her favorites. I press her inner lips right and left, batting them around with my tongue in between big strokes of my tongue. In no time she orgasms and is unable to continue.
Bonnie takes over, "Hunter if you can get it up, sit on the end of the bed with your legs hanging off the end."
If I am hard enough? HA! I am a steel rod.
I sit about a foot back on the bed and then adjust, so my knees are right at the bending point. Porsche maneuvers herself onto the bed, straddling my body. She lays down while spearing my cock. As she nears my body, her pussy accepts my cock, she moans. She now has her body on me.
Bonnie is thrilled, she is teaching class, "Porsche, that is incorrect."
Porsche talks back, "I'm on his cock. It feels marvelous. I just need Bubba now."
Bonnie is frustrated, she shrieks, "Arggggg! No, no, no. Get up on your hands and knees a bit, Hunter needs room to thrust that marvelous cock of his into your honey pot. THEN, Bubba walks up from behind and has excellent positioning to fill your ass."
Pam yells out, "Then it's time to hold on as they fuck the life out of you! Oh my, that looks like fun!"
Bonnie has condoms. She gets asked about them and has free samples for women that need them. Bubba is prepped and walks up behind Porsche."
Bubba has tears in his eyes, "I have dreamed of this day. Thank you, Porsche."
I can feel him press his cock into Porsche slowly and evenly. She screamed a little as he enters her. Oh, yes, this is going to be fun. Now that we are both in, I pull out and push in. Bubba pulls out and pushes in.
Porsche thunders, "Oh my, this is going to be fun!"
Bubba pulls out, and then as he pushes in, I pull out. We are both slow and deliberate so that one of us is always pushing in.
Porsche is screaming, "OH FUCK! OH FUCK! YES! YES! OH! OH FUCK!"
We are in tune now and speed up slightly, getting more natural and even fucking.
Porsche is ecstatic, "Fuck you! I CAN'T. I... IT'S AMAZING!"
Geez, does she have to yell everything out? I must say this is awesome.
Porsche is frantic, "SPEED UP! FASTER! FASTER! I am going to orgasm SOON!"
Holy shit, she is on the express to her orgasm, I don't want to wait for her to recover.
I say softly to Bubba, "We need to pick up the pace. I want to orgasm with her."
Instantly, I am using a quick rate to fuck. Bubba completely ignored me and continued the slow fucking. It seems he enjoys it too much. The problem is it's messing with Porsche's mind big time.
Porsche is babbling, "FUCK ME! FFFFFFFFFFFFFF! Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! OH SHIT! I! I! NO! MORE! BLUE! PIE! FUN!"
She has lost her mind. I am close, I can blow my big load at any moment. Porsche is working hard to breathe; her hair is a bird's nest. She is really laboring to breathe; I need to end this soon. Her body is trembling; she is turning red. I see her eyes starting to roll up in her skull. I dramatically increase the speed, and this time Bubba does as well. He doesn't like the red any more than I do. He wants to end this.
I am a machine that has lost the ability to slow down. I am a steam engine, pumping the big heavy metal piston in and out. Two minutes later, and I am afraid of Porsche's health. She solves that by screaming a falling away death wail. She is knocked out. Bubba pulls out, and I am unable to move. Pam and Bonnie quickly pull her body up and slap her on the back.
Like a drowning victim, she sucks in the life-giving oxygen and gasps for more breaths. She falls on me and is crying. Tears are falling on my chest; her arms are around my neck.
Bonnie says, "Hmmm, not sure I want that."
Porsche is sobbing as she says, "Best moment of my life was seeing the first hole open in the chest of the men that took me. I knew I was saved. This is the second-best moment of my life, an intense, life-altering ride. That was ten minutes of a downhill rollercoaster rolling at 200 mph. Damn, that was a rush of ... fun."
I snuggle up with Porsche. She is listless and crying, but she holds on tight to me when I pull her close. Bubba takes a shower. I get up, and Paula is on her back. Bonnie is bent over, tits swinging, and she is aggressively eating Paula to orgasm. Bubba spanks Bonnie's ass hard, she squeaks. Paula is close, Bubba and I are hard, I play with Bonnie's breasts while Bubba selected Paula's breasts to suck on.
In no time, Paula shouts out her orgasm and then stands up with hands-on-hips to catch her breath.
Paula says while breathing hard, "I want exactly what Porsche got. Same rate, same cocks, same treatment, however, Bubba cuddle me."
We lube, I lay down on the end of the bed, Paula impales herself on me, she is on hands and knees, Bubba enters her from behind. We wait a few seconds, and then I pull out. As I push in, Bubba pulls out.
Paula immediately says, "Holy shit, this is awesome!"
We speed up, and soon we are pounding her hard and quickly. A minute in, she orgasms. We never let up. Within seconds, she is grunting with each thrust I make.
Paula shouts out, "Oh Bubba, you're magical, fuck this is awesome. Faster!"
With just blowing, neither of us is rushing towards orgasm. When she says faster, something interesting happened. We both increased our speed. However, we did not increase evenly, I am faster than Bubba. We aren't in sync anymore. Paula is unable to speak, it's all gibberish. Her breathing is excellent, she is sweating like crazy, you would think she just stepped out of the shower.
She slicks her hair back. With what she is experiencing, how do you remember to wipe your wet hair back? Amazing. I can see the look in Bubba's face, he is holding and looking at me hard, he is ready. I give her one minute before I will let go of my orgasm.
Bonnie helps us out, she reaches out to Paula, cups a breast, then squeezes hard. She releases and pinches hard on a nipple. Paula screams out in pain and then orgasms hard. Both Bubba and I thrust at the same time and shoot a wad of cum. I paint her womb while Bubba paints a condom. Paula screams again and then quickly falls to her side and rolls over on to her back.
I roll off the bed, and Bubba jumps on the bed and cuddles with Paula. They are both thrilled. A few minutes later, Bubba showers. I come back to Pam being eaten by Porsche. Pam is moaning and screaming, how awesome it is. Oh yes, overacting at its best. She blows up when Bonnie hits the g-spot. I am a steel rod again.
I give myself a pat on the back when I am behind Bubba and give Pam the "One" and "Back" hand-signals. I hope she understands. Everyone in the group has a number, Bubba is one. Back is obvious, I want him on his back. He needs some pussy, or our plan will be obvious.
Pam is fantastic and gets my patented smile for her brilliant acting.
Pam looks at both of us with a smile on her face, "There're no wrong choices here. Bubba, how about you and Hunter swap positions? It's been a while since you've filled me up."
I grab a condom and the lube. Bubba is on the bed, Pam gets on top of Bubba, and I lube Pam up. Her bum is already open partway. She is undoubtedly relaxed.
I push my steel rod in, and the feeling is entirely different. On this end, it's all about the sphincter and how tight it is. Amazing. I have never done this, so it takes a few minutes to get in and relax. Bubba starts first by pulling out, and then I pull out as he pushes in.
Pam shouts, "OH, FUCK! This is going to be a hell of a ride!"
It takes us a while to get in sync. Everything is different. For me, it's incredible. I am positive that Bubba is thrilled. He can't have Porsche, and I know that hurts him. Fucking Pam, for him, is like winning against me, he got one of my girls. I realize it hurts him to not get Porsche, it's why I helped promote this situation. Bonnie saw my hand signal; I saw her tear up at the recognition of what I was suggesting.
We slowly increase speed, and we keep our timing. In no time, Pam is orgasming every two minutes. She won't last much longer. I add more speed, and Bubba matches me. He adds more speed, he is concerned as well. Soon, we are both at our fastest possible speeds, and we fall out of sync. I lose my rhythm and blow my orgasm.
I got frustrated and lost my hold. I shout out my orgasm as I fill the condom. I stay inside of Pam, upset at myself for blowing too soon. Pam orgasms again. I think she is motioning to stop. Bubba releases his orgasm like a silverback gorilla, a huge roar, and the thumping of his chest. I pull out, and Porsche assists me in the shower. My legs feel like lead. I saw Pam crawl on top of Bubba and hug him hard.
Once in the shower, I can't stand up. I slowly fall to the ground, where I hang my head between my legs. I am worn out. Porsche sits next to me and pulls me to her, so she can hold me. My eyes tear, I feel the love. No thoughts of sex or fun, just unlimited love. I didn't realize her level of love for me. It's only now I understand. I feel the same way. I love my sisters, but it's not the same. Porsche sticks way out.
Porsche asks me teasingly, "What are you thinking about, I see that smile on your face?"
I kiss her and then explain, "I used to think I loved all my sisters equally. Just now, I realized how very wrong I was, and that made me happy because you're here looking after me, just as I will always do with you."
Paula softly walks in, opens the door, "Early lunch sound good?"
Porsche responds, "Yes, surprise us. Anything we like."
Paula closes the door and walks out. With Porsche's help, I stand up, remove the condom, and then clean my entire body. We all put minimal clothes on, turn on the TV and then relax on the couch and chairs. It takes an hour for lunch to arrive.
The girls got creative and ordered several items. They cut everything up and mixed up the plates. Parts of a chicken salad on croissant, a Monte Christo sandwich, an Italian sub, a turkey sandwich, a roast beef sandwich, an American sub, and a hamburger were all distributed unevenly. We all got a few fries, onion rings, a small salad, some cottage cheese and blueberries, and a lemon aid chaser. Not something I would have ordered but very creative, and that made it fun. Several trades were made because someone wanted something or not wanted something.
It was cool how we could all hang out, have fun, and it wasn't boring because of the creative aspect. I now feel a whole lot better. We place the cart in the hallway and throw out the garbage. We can't leave anything out of place. Why? The hotel doesn't care. Bonnie and Paula care.
Porsche asks Bonnie, "Ready to get your mind blown? These tigers are awesome. Grab the rope tight and hang on for life."
Bonnie stands up, strips, and then instructs Bubba, "I need you on the bed."
Bubba looks uncharacteristically shy. I stand up, what's going on here? Bonnie wants Bubba in her vagina and me in her ass. Why does Bubba have an issue? He knows we know!
Bubba is soft, "You don't get him often, I want to take your back door."
Bonnie is adamant, "Bubba, get your ass up here now."
Bubba pleads, "Bonnieeeeeee. You don't get very many opportunities. Please take it while you can."
Bonnie is firm, "Bubba, you're my husband. I love you, and I determine who fucks me."
With more spirit now, Bubba fights back, "But Bonnie. I want us to have a child in you. I know you all know. That's why we're doing this, so you and Paula might get knocked up this weekend. Pam was nice enough to let me fuck her, and I really appreciate the gesture. That was sweet of you, Pam."
Bubba then embraces Bonnie and hugs her hard before kissing her.
Bubba is in tears, "I really want this. I want to roll you around on the floor. I want to suck on lactating nipples. When it comes to diapers, well, Hunter's the sperm donor."
Bonnie chuckles at the lame joke. Bubba grabs me and tosses me on the end of the bed. Damn, I hate him at times. Bonnie gets up on the bed, hanging tits almost in my face. She raises her rear end and then lowers it right on my cock. It slips right in, and I fill her completely. I love the way she feels around my cock.
Bubba is slow with his insertion. We forgot to eat Bonnie. She doesn't seem to mind at all, interesting. Who with? Dad? One of the moms? It could be a dildo.
I pull out first, and in no time, we are in sync, although at a slow rate.
Bonnie says through a moan, "You mother fuckers."
I ask Bubba, "Hey, Bubba? Was she talking to you or me? Are we both fuckers of mothers?"
Bubba is half laughing, "Hey man, I'm following your lead. You always know this stuff."
Fascinating insight, he equates knowledge of the battlefield with fucking women. Very interesting. I wonder if anyone else caught that?
I speed up and slow down purposely to keep us out of sync. It's driving Bonnie nuts. She likes ordered things, and constant rates are ordered. Her problem is that we are kicking her ass, I mean, well, you know what I mean. She can't talk. Her breathing is fantastic, but she is working hard at it, and that's hard when it is so much fun. I pick up the pace and even out my strokes at a consistent rate.
We are synced up, and I can see Bubba laughing at my antics, "Hunter, she is going to kick your ass as soon as she is confirmed pregnant. You mark my words."
-----
Time out here. Not every detail in our lives is covered in this story. Bubba just mentioned how Bonnie will get even with me. It's only two months from now when she confirms it's a boy. Bonnie took blue fingernail polish and painted my finger and toenails a bright hot baby blue. She then took a spray bottle of water and blue food coloring and sprayed my body, hair, boxers, sheets, and pillows.
Not even Zeus was spared. He didn't mind, it was just food coloring. They took pictures of me asleep and then at breakfast with blue milk, blue eggs, and blue ham. As you can imagine, the parents peed from laughing so hard. Ok, back to our story.
-----
Bonnie explodes and falls on me. It's much harder, but I still manage to fuck her good. I had to slow down. I can't keep up a fast pace if a body is on me. Bubba has no issues, he speeds up. She was breathing good, not anymore. I agree with Bubba, I need to speed this up. I use my hands to push up her body. Soon Porsche and Pam are assisting me, and now I can speed up significantly. We are sawing Bonnie in half, and she loves it.
Random sounds escape her lips; she is past pink and nearing red. I go even faster.
I yell out, "Bubba, soon!"
On hearing me, he slams in twice more before he screams and blasts a rope of cum into her. On feeling his thrust, my next thrust is extra hard, and I hold to ejaculate. Bonnie's head lifts from my body, and she screams. Her pussy clamps down hard. Lucky for me, I have a steel rod, and there is no stopping my orgasm.
Two, three, four, and five more ropes of cum shoot out of my cock and paint her womb. A womb that I dearly hope will soon get filled. I am wiped out. Bubba picks up Bonnie and carries her into the shower. Paula, Porsche, and Pam drag my lifeless body up the bed.
Porsche is behind me; Paula is in front of me; we are all spooning. Pam is running her hands through my hair. It's a delight.
Pam whispers, "Paula and I are swapping for the day. We'll all meet up for breakfast with the parents tomorrow at 9:00 AM in the restaurant." She kisses me. "I love you very much, now go to sleep." I fell asleep to Pam singing a soft lullaby.
+++++
Five hours later, I wake up to Paula and Porsche in a 69 next to me. Their shouts of orgasms woke me up. We all shower. We order in some sub sandwiches, chips, and a few sodas from a local family deli.
We spend the rest of the night looking up web sites and trying out weird sex positions. Most were nothing special. The good part was that it was different. It was a fun way to fill an evening with sex without being too intense.
+++++
The next morning, we are all dreary, including the parents. Several people from the base join us for breakfast. It was nice and cheerful. Two hours later, we are flying back home.
Chapter 21 -- Clean Up
In the following months, I watch dad do his training and assist people in dealing with death. Training is the same each time. To deal with death, there are several factors involved, and that affects how dad deals with the person. This is a system he developed himself based on trial and error, along with his own experience. I slowly slide into dad's job.
I am a better writer and have different experiences. I still help to train leading targets and general rifle skills. Doing interviews and then updating policies keep me quite busy. I even have staff to help with HR, legal, psych, social sciences, and researchers.
Bonnie and Pam are pregnant. We never mention fathers. We end up having eight children over eight years. I guess in a few more years, we can start a whole new set of stories. Bonnie soon retires, but Paula and Porsche stay quite active still and watch over Bubba.
With his skills, experience, and leadership, he is almost a legend in the ranks. Me, I just keep writing.
The End