After spending eight years in the US Air Force, I got out and got a job communications. I put in 12 years at national company in my hometown. My wife and I had two boys while we were still young and in the military and the last one just left home for college. My wife and I are now alone again and our sex life has definitely increased over the last few months. I'm not saying we are as active as we were when we were young but we are definitely a lot more daring now than we were when we were young. We both agree that if we knew back then even the half of what we know now, we would have been one wild couple. Peggy was not afraid to experiment when we were young; she tried and still enjoys oral and anal sex today. She learned deep throat me, soon after we watch the old movie 'Deep Throat' before we got married.
When we were young my wife was not the exhibitionist she is now, but she did enjoy going braless when she was in her late teens and running around in tiny bikinis. Now my wife, Peggy, never wears panties but wouldn't go without them until she was in her mid-twenties. Around this town she acts all proper and people she knows would be surprised she is pantyless where ever she goes. But get her out of town; Peggy always wears as little as she can get away with. She loves to ride topless as we zip along the interstates and is never ashamed to make a lonely truckers drive a better one. She claims she is doing her part in keeping the highways safer by waking up those tired truckers.
I had worked my way up over the years to become the manager of my local office. About a month ago, I got notified that I was inline for a promotion but it would involve my wife and me relocating to a larger town halfway across the country. My pay would increase by almost 40%, my wife was tickled at the thought of extra cash but was reluctant to leave her many friends. We talked it out and agreed that I should take the job, we could always move back her later if it didn't work out.
One night while my wife and I were having sex the backyard under the stars, we were reliving one of her favorite fantasies of her having sex with two men at a time while I watched. We had never thought of actually doing it because she feared word of it would leak out and then she would be afraid of facing her friends again. For some reason I made the comment that we could now do it since we would be leaving the area in a few weeks. She got sparkle in her eyes I had never seen before. She gave me a great big smile and said, "We really could couldn't we." She took my hardening dick in her hand and said, "Just think, I could have two maybe even three of these wonderful things in my body at the same time. How are we going to do it?"
I found out just how serious she was the new few days. She was a virgin when I met her and has never been with another man but me, at least that's what she says and I believe her. She swears that she still loves me but the thought of getting some strange cock keeps her pussy wet all day. She is constantly horny and is starting to wear me out. We talked and talked and finally came up with a plan. The weekend before we leave, I will invite a couple buddies my wife likes over for a card game. Peggy will be wearing a short halter-dress only around the house as she keeps the drinks and snacks coming. They will think she is drinking some hard lemonade but it will be real lemonade. She will start acting drunk and I will get her to go to bed. I will explain to the guys that she rarely ever drinks and is a real light weight but in truth she will be stone sober. She says she wants to be able to remember and enjoy every second of this experience of her acting like a slut.
About an hour or so later, she will come out of the bedroom in just her little sheer black nightie. We will all be able the she her tits and nipples through the top and her tiny bikini panties under it. She will come out acting as if she is still drunk and make advances to me, telling me to send the guys home because she is all horny and needs a good fucking. She will say this loud enough so all can hear. I will tell her "No" and for her to go back to bed so we can finish our game and that I will come in later and take car of her. She will pout and sulk around then slowly head back to the bedroom. Giving us guys a few minutes to discuss her lack of dress.
She will then come back out without her panties and act mad saying that if I didn't want to take care of her now, maybe one of the our guys would be man enough to take care of her. She will walk around to them and hug on them asking them if one of them would be willing to fuck little old her. As she is asking she will be rubbing their crotches. I will tell the guys that I will never have any rest tonight if she is not taken care of and if one of them wanted to have sex with a drunken slut, they had my blessing. After one or both of them screwed her I would get to have my fantasy of having sloppy seconds by screwing my wife's freshly fucked pussy.
I asked two of my best friends, James and Cliff, to come over and we could play some poker all night as a going away party and they accepted. The day before the party, Cliff asked me if his brother could come over as he was in town visiting for the week. I though why not; Peggy could handle one more dick and I wouldn't tell her, it would be my surprise for her.
Peggy spent all day getting things ready for 'Her' going away party. We bought a bunch of hard lemonade and some beers. Peggy poured about half dozen lemonades into other containers for me later and made her non-alcohol lemonade and refilled the empty bottles for herself. She took a long bubble bath and shaved her pussy totally bare and made it nice and smooth. I just had to give it a good licking before the guest arrived to get her hot and ready.
James called just before he was to arrive and said he was having car trouble and needed to get it fixed before he arrived but that he would be there as soon as he could. When Cliff arrived with his brother, I told Peggy that James said he couldn't make it and Cliffs' brother would be replacing him. She said that she was fine with it because he was good looking.
We started playing cards and Peggy played her part great. The guys' loved how she looked in her short little halter-dress and she enjoyed all the attention and compliments she was receiving. She flirted a lot with the two guys, sitting in their laps and allowing them to feel her ass. She whispered me she was getting horny by the time she finally went to her room acting 'drunk'. A few minutes later, James arrived with a friend. Now there were five of us instead of the planned three. I just hoped Peggy would not be too upset with this unplanned happening. I didn't think she would because when I helped a supposedly drunk Peggy to our bedroom, she was generally horny. She was looking forward to a good fucking and now she was going to be the center of a gang-bang.
A bit later, I heard her open the bedroom door; I was looking at her when she discovered two more men at the table playing poker than when she left. She paused a few seconds and looked at me. I shrugged my shoulders and she started to smile and threw me a kiss. She then continued on what we had planned. I thought the guys were going to have heart attacks when Peggy walked up to the table practically naked. She rubbed her tits in my face and rubbed my hard-on trying her best to get me to come to bed. Boy! Did I want to take her to bed but it was not what we had planned. Well, she acted pissed and left the room as planned. The guys told me I was insane for not taking her to the room and tapping that pussy. I apologized to them about her near nudity and they all said I had nothing to apologize about and that I was a luck S.O.B. for still having such a good looking lady. They all agreed in one thing and that was that if they had a chance to fuck a lady that looked like that, they would defiantly be banging the hell out of that pussy as often as they could. It looked like my lady was going to get her fill of cock tonight!
Minutes later out came Peggy, and she had a surprise for me. She was NUDE! She flat out told me that if I didn't want to fuck her she was going to let ALL the guys fuck her. That wasn't our plan; but it appeared that she definitely wanted to be a slut tonight and I was going to let her have her way!
By sunrise, Peggy had been fucked almost everyway possible. She had one, two, and three at a time. At one time she had all three holes filled with a hard cock plus a cock in each hand. When the guys left at sunrise, I swore all to secrecy and before I fell into bed with my already sleeping wife, I just had to take a few more pictures of her sprawled naked across the bed covered from head to toe with splatters of dried cum. Her pussy was still wide open with cum oozing out of it. She didn't wake until 3pm and her first words were, "Why did I wait all these years to do that. I don't ever plan to do that many men at the same time again. I'm sore all over but I enjoyed it and don't regret acting like a total slut. But if you ever want to surprise me by bring home one or two friends to fuck me, I won't complain." I told her I just might do that one day. She smiled and said she hoped so and she also hoped I still loved her as much as I did before she went slutty on me.