Even after eating and being eaten thanks to Sam, my quest to get laid stretched on, seemingly into the dark passage of forever. I had avoided going out on Saturday nights just in case I bumped into the guy I callously abandoned in the bar (though maybe seeing him again might just be the cure I'm looking for).
I'm often too busy at work to take a real lunch break so that Friday I was texting a few friends between stock ordering and eating a sandwich to try and arrange going out for drinks. I needed a good drink after a long week plus I hadn't got myself off since the weekend so I was more than ready for a quick fumble or maybe more.
My desk phone rang, an internal call from the front counter. The clothes shop I manage is always busy but Friday's are manic, I rarely get anything done, my day a stream of unfinished jobs, because the staff always need me to process a refund or deal with an issue in the way only management can.
"What is it?" I barked as I lifted the receiver to my ear.
"Sorry, Mollie, I know you're busy," the till girl said down the line. "There's a man here saying he's come to check the alarm?"
The alarm system in the shop is pretty old, my branch is a long way down the list for a refit, and it needs regular servicing to keep it in check. I wasn't expecting anyone and the last thing I needed was to supervise an overweight, balding, leering work man on a Friday.
"Send him to the door, I'll sort it," I snapped, slamming the phone back down. I sighed and stood up, grabbing my bunch of keys from the desk. I unlocked the door of the cash office, stepped out and relocked the door, I had abandoned cashing up two tills to order stock and the money was all over the side.
I made my way through the stock room to the door that leads to the sales floor. I punched in the code and opened the door, plastering a fake work smile on my face. It was soon replaced with a real smile though when I saw who had come to check the alarm.
I've never seen the guy before but he was dressed in the uniform of the usual company. The navy blue cargo trousers were tight in all the right places and the blue t-shirt was stretched over his taut chest, his muscular arms barely contained by the short sleeves.
He ran his hand through his short brown hair while I assessed him. His brown eyes were looking at me and a polite smile crossed his lips. He was probably two or three days overdue a shave but it gave him a rugged look, perfectly matched with the toolbox in his hand.
"Hey, I'm here to check you out," his words broke me out of my appraisal of him but also made my eyes bulge.
"Sorry?" I questioned.
"The alarm, I'm here to check it," he clarified with a grin. He knew exactly what he had said and understood the connotation. My body reacted to his words and his face before I could stop it, my nipples hardening inside my thin, lace bra.
"Come through then," I mumbled, suddenly embarrassed by his searching eyes. I wondered if my nipples were visible through my white shirt and I almost blushed thinking about his mouth on them.
He walked through the open door and I couldn't resist having a quick look at his tight ass when he passed. It didn't help my attempt not to blush since all I was imaging taking a bite.
"Where's the control panel?" his voice snapped me out of my train of thought.
"By the office, this way," I answered in a quiet voice. I led the way with him close behind, I could feel his eyes watching me as I swayed through the stock room.
The alarm control panel is on the wall adjacent to the office so I stopped by the locked door and pointed to the wooden cabinet.
"Great, shouldn't take too long," he said with a wink. I smiled but I couldn't think of anything clever or sexy to say. I unlocked the door to the office and stepped inside. I debated leaving the door open but with all the cash out I couldn't so I reluctantly locked it behind me.
The office door does have a slither of one way glass fitted so I could still see his side profile as he opened the alarm control box. I pushed my chair back and sat facing the door so I could stare at him in private.
I'm not sure if it was because he was so good looking or because of the very minor flirting, maybe it was because I was getting desperate but the more I watched him the more turned on I got.
Knowing he couldn't see me, I spread my legs. My black pencil skirt was tight so I shimmied it up my hips until my white lace panties were exposed. I ran one hand up my thigh and shivered from the feeling.
One of the few perks of being a manager means I get some private time in my working days. I've masturbated at work before, mainly when I've bought a new toy in my lunch break and can't wait to get home to try it out. There are risks of course but I've been lucky so far.
I rubbed my hand over my lace covered pussy and moaned just a little. I bit my lip and slipped my other hand into my shirt to squeeze my small breasts. I dug my fingers deep into my flesh and I could feel my nipple pushing against the lace.
The alarm man started whistling a tune, not a familiar one, and I remembered just how close by he was, if the wall and door weren't there he would be stood a metre or two away from me. I probably should have listened to the reality check but my hole clenched and I could feel how wet I was getting.
I quickly pulled my panties to one side, desperate to feel my slick, swollen lips, and gently probed my warm, damp flesh. I thought about how big the guy's dick might be then closed my eyes and slipped one finger inside.
I gasped then tried to breathe normally, my legs were shaking as I pushed my hand inside my bra to pinch my nipple. I felt my pussy tighten again and I wished I had made time in my lunch hour to go shopping for a new play thing.
I opened my eyes to watch him again, he was using a screwdriver on the alarm panel and the thought of his strong, manly hands spurred me on. I wriggled a second finger into my wet cunt and started slowly fucking myself.
My breathing was too heavy as I teased my nipple so I pulled my hand out of my bra. I tried not to moan but I had to, the sensation of my fingers and the forbidden feeling of touching myself practically in front of the sexy stranger was too much. I wished the glass worked both ways, the thought of him watching me sent a shiver through me.
I plunged my fingers deeper and harder, I was so wet it was difficult to stop them sliding fully out with each thrust. My pussy was working hard to grip hold of them each time I drove them inside me. I closed my eyes and went back to thinking about his hard cock ramming into me.
I pushed my hips forward like I was fucking him. The motion made my hastily pushed aside panties rub against my clit, the bunched up lace abrasive against my sensitive flesh.
I didn't expect that and combined with my rough, urgent fingers it was enough to make me climax. Because it was unanticipated I couldn't control it, I yelped then whimpered as my fingers and chair got a soaking.
I left my fingers inside me until every tremor of my orgasm ran its course. When I finished trembling I noticed he had stopped whistling. I opened my eyes and was relieved to see he was still working on the alarm.
I released my fingers then quickly pulled my clothing back into place. I span my chair back to face my desk but my head whirled back to the door when I heard someone try the handle. The locked door stubbornly stayed in its frame and I saw the look of surprise cross his face. He laughed lightly.
"I might not be able to see in there but it's not sound proof, you know?" he said at normal volume and I was shocked by how clearly I could hear him. My cheeks glowed red in an instant and I was thankful he couldn't see though the glass. "Are you gonna let me in?"
"No," I managed to squeak out, my voice weak and shaky.
"Have you any idea how hard I am out here after listening to that?" he asked rhetorically. I was imagining that very thing and even after my climax, my pussy still throbbed feebly at the image.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," I lied, I wasn't even convinced by my own words.
"You're a fucking tease," he said in a soft voice then laughed. I ignored him and tried to focus on not looking through the glass while he finished his work on the alarm panel. The minutes seemed to drag on and even though we were in separate rooms the sexual tension was palpable. Eventually he spoke again.
"Well, I've done all I can but it needs a part I don't have. I'm coming back same time next week to sort out the panel... and you," he promised in a sexy voice.
I'm debating whether to call in sick or to go to work wearing my best underwear...