I'm finally getting around to telling this story about my forty-fifth birthday, which actually occurred in 2004. Sure, I was feeling pretty melancholy at the time. Not that I felt old, or even do now. I'm actually in very good physical shape and most people think I'm in my thirty's. But that was one of the things that made me anxious about thissignificant event.I didn't want to think about the possibility of not feeling this good in the not too distant future, especially given that my wife Rainy is six years younger than me.
Yes, her name is Rainy. Her hippie parents got a vision, likely from sensimilla weed, that her name should be Rainbow. Yep! So that worked out until about fifth grade when the trip to Sugar Mountain was over and her friends shortened it to Rainy, just because Rainbow was a bit too corny for them. They'd seen enough rainbows in art class by then.
My wife is a big reason for my good health. Not only does she keep me organically fed, except for my forays to my favorite steak house, but we both exercise regularly. Rainy swims like a fish and does some cycling. I do cycling and some weight training. Rainy's appearance certainly gives me incentive for keeping fit. As I said, she's six years my junior, five-foot four-inches tall, and about one hundred twenty five pounds, all of which fit in a very curvy frame. Her blond/brown curly hair is very full and striking, especially if she wears a dark blouse or sweater. Her hair is very similar to Charlize Theron's in the movie "Devil's Advocate", meaning 'hot'!
I met Rainy at a cycling event in 1984. She was a volunteer for the event (she was very into volunteering at that time in her life). At the end of the half-century ride, while other riders took cups of water from the volunteers and poured it over their heads, I took one look from this striking woman and splashed the cup of water hard against my face, shook it off, and stared at her. "Wow, you're not a mirage?"
That was my opening line. It was corny, but Rainy didn't get it anyway. She instead answered with this overwhelming compassion, "Oh you poor guy, you must be exhausted! Here,drinkit this time, then sit down on the grass hill behind us and cool off." As she turned to get more water, I noticed her full breasts filling out her tank top. Her jeans were worn, but snug in all the right places. They were also low on her waist. My view of her from the perch on the grass hill convinced me of how absolutely stunning she was. And she wore no makeup at all! I even forgot to go look up at the finish standings, which until that moment was my entire motivation that day. I tried to tell her my name, which is Chuck, but she thought I said "shucks" and we left it at that.
Thereafter, I found any excuse to volunteer or be in any event at which Rainy was also scheduled. I got her address by offering to send her a 'thank you for saving my life' card; I was able to look up her address based upon the phone number. Sure it was her beauty that struck me, but it was also that sound of compassion in her voice. She had this innocence and nonchalance about her that must've come from her hippie parents. Rainy never thought any situation was bad. It was a miracle that someone didn't take advantage of her obliviousness.
Soon after we started dating Rainy told me that she and her entire family would skinny dip at a lake where they and some friends gathered every year. "Rainy, when you're eight years old, nobody really notices or cares." I remember saying dismissively about something she thought would get my attention. But then I thought that her Mom might have been a looker too and wondered about the whole scene of weed and free love around my Rainy.
"We went every year until I was sixteen." she replied naively. She showed me pictures of herself at that age and she already had that look of innocence on a face that was connected to a fantastic body."
When it dawned on me then that she swam in the nude looking likethatin public. I got very aroused! "Holy crap!" I thought. "Didn't she realize the effect she was likely having on the men there? What the hell was her Mom and Dad thinking (or smoking)?"
"Didn't anybody ... you know ... make a pass at you?" I said thinking about all the guys ogling her while she walked into and out of the water showing off those beautiful curves.
Rainy looked at me like a dog that tilts its head sideways. "What do you mean? All the families were close and we all knew each other since childhood." She was putting some laundry away as she spoke and added after she thought about it more. "My parents and all of those people thought the body was a beautiful gift of nature. I don't think anyone noticedmeparticularly because almost all of the people there swam nude."
Her parents must've been in a commune or were naturalists. I'm sure many of the 'other' men in the community at that time were likely admiring Rainy's body, but also imagining some further investigation. Thank goodness no one acted on his or her feelings. Maybe they were all too stoned to try anything or maybe her parents did notice her getting a bit more attention than usual and stopped going. Or perhaps I'm just someone who equates nude women with sex, though I don't seem to be alone in that regard.
That was my first hint that Rainy had little sense of inhibition. She didn't think about nudity as sexual. It was justnatural. I was the first person to question her obliviousness to being nude around the house, changing, or wearing limited clothing in public places.
One of my first memories of this was waiting for a shuttle in a tourist area in Arizona in 1990. Rainy was wearing runner style shorts while sitting on a wood tie in the parking lot. Her legs were spread apart to accommodate the backpack parked on the ground between her feet.
Perhaps a little background is needed to appreciate the circumstance. We had gone for a quick dip at the hotel spa earlier that morning. The spa building was about five minutes walk from our room since the hotel was more like a campus than one large edifice. I had asked the attendant to inform us when our shuttle was leaving. He did his best, but we realized we had no time to get back to the room, change, and still make it back to the main lobby where the shuttle bus was waiting. So we ran into the nicely appointed bathrooms at the spa instead.
I found out later that Rainy hadn't packed fresh underwear, and didn't like the idea of putting on the ones she wore that morning either, so she just didn't wear any! I first noticed her missing bra as we boarded the shuttle and her nipples stiffened in the air conditioning. "Uh Rainy, I think you forgot something?"
She looked to where my eyes were focused. "I know. I forget to bring a change and hate putting on old stuff after showering, yuck."
"We could have gone back to the room and gotten a later shuttle?" I inquired.
"Too much hassle, I'll be fine." She responded, but noticed my raised eyebrows and dopey smile. "I'll be doing a lot ofthistoday." She laughed, crossing her arms over her chest.
"I guess." I shrugged. Nobody knew us here and I'd seen other woman dressed similarly in Arizona. They just didn't ooze sex the way Rainy did. It's hard to explain, but when people see her they thinkshe's sexy.
So there she was sitting on that wooden tie in her running shorts. She was sitting in a kind of relaxed lotus position, her butt down low to the ground, her legs crossed at the ankles, her knees bent and supporting her elbows. She was showing a lot of leg; right about up to her ass in fact!
Then she put her arms back behind her and stretched her left leg out. The shorts loosened around left thigh; so much so, that I could see up her leg. She wasn't wearing panties either! I said nothing as I realized the furry patch I was seeing was her blond-brunette pubic hair. I wondered if she even realized she was on display.
I started to notice a few other men peering over at her; at first because of the way her breasts filled out her shirt. But when she brought both her knees up, it pushed her legs apart and it was apparent there should be some sign of cloth showing; yet there was none. I saw four of five men angling themselves for a closer look at the possibility. She sat there unaware as we all tried to sneak one of those 'up skirt' peeks at her pussy.
Luckily the shuttle bus pulled up after a few minutes. We boarded while most of the other people waited. With the air conditioning turned up, Rainy's nipples began to poke through her bra-less top making the shape of her breasts more visible. A few of the guys, who were staring at her outside, were now on the shuttle still checking her out.
"Rainy, you didn't wear panties either?" I whispered as we stood there in the aisle holding onto a pole, waiting for the shuttle to depart.
"Yes, remember, I didn't want to put on my old stuff after the spa." She paused. "Oh, you thought it was just my bra? I was wondering why you behaved so well on the hike." She smiled. "Why'd you bring that up now?"
"When you were sitting there at the shuttle stop, your shorts were loose and I could see up your leg."
"Nooo." She answered dismissively.
"Yes and so could they." I nodded to the two guys sitting behind us.
Rainy turned to look and caught them staring at her butt. She smiled at them and whispered back. "You really did?"
"Yes. Beaver shot." I deadpanned. "That's why they're staring. It's like they're waiting for another glimpse."
"You too no doubt?" Rainy's giggled.
"Are you kidding? I feel like putting my hand up there right now!" I whispered.
"See that's because none of you were exposed to nudity growing up." She whispered. "So much anticipation for something that everyone is born with."
"Maybe, but that'll be the image those guys take into their next indulgence." I answered.
Rainy shook her head and pushed me lightly on the shoulder.
I didn't expect the teasing that followed. "I think I got too much sun". She said aloud as she lifted the cuff around one leg until you could see the tan line change to white skin. You could hear a collective deep breath.
The shuttle started to move and we lurched. There was one seat open between two of the guys that were checking Rainy out. Two of the others were in the rear seats of the shuttle; all the remaining seats faced the middle landing.
An older woman suggested Rainy take the available seat. "You should sit, dear." She said not out of courtesy, but because she wanted to stop everyone from staring at Rainy's ass.
"Go ahead, take it." I said aloud. "Those guys can't wait." I whispered in her ear.
Rainy tugged her shorts down a bit so they didn't ride up and then squeezed in between the two very accommodating guys. Shorts were tiny back in 1990's and her tan shapely legs were showing right up to the top of her thighs. When she leaned back, her nipples prominently accented the shape of her breasts. Despite my presence, the two guys on either side of her stared straight down at her nipples. It looked as though they were about to lean over and bite them. Who could blame them?
Then Rainy motioned for her backpack. I handed it to her and she put in on the floor. She leaned way over to reach into the pack. Her breasts squeezed against her legs and the back of her shirt lifted up exposing more skin. Although I couldn't see it from where I was standing, the sight of her long thin back widening just at the waistline of her butt was an impressive sight. The guys on either side looked down. One of them blew out a breath.
Rainy came up with a camera and took a picture of me. I returned the favor. I still have a few pictures of Rainy sitting between those two guys, all legs and raised nipples. In one shot they all were looking at the camera, but in the others you could see them staring down at her tank top.
We didn't even make it back to the room after the shuttle dropped us off. I had my hand up her shorts in the hall, feeling areas normally covered by panties. I felt Rainy's moist womanhood as I slid my finger along her bare bottom. When I touched her bra-less shirt, it didn't even feel like she had one on.
We took a short cut through the conference room building, which was mostly empty on weekends. I let go of her when some people passed us in the hall, but they could tell we were being frisky. I wanted to pull those shorts off so badly that I whisked Rainy into small meeting room off the main walkway. A second later her shirt was pulled up over her chest. I kissed her passionately, one hand working her breast and nipple while the other was up her shorts working on her let pussy lips. After a few minutes of my playing with her clitoris, Rainy had a strong orgasm. Though I didn't want to fuck her in that room, I had no choice when she removed her top completely. I picked her up onto a credenza and pulled off her shorts, presenting her glistening pussy to the air. In fact, while I was fucking my now nude wife in the meeting room, we heard someone out in the hallway. It didn't slow us down for a second. I was kissing her deep, our tongues feeling each other's every inch. Rainy had one leg up and was pushing into me as much as I was pushing into her. With one hand she was squeezing her own nipple while the other arm braced her body against the table. I didn't know it at the time, but Rainy thought she saw the door open just a bit as we made love.
"I didn't sense a reaction to stop." I said to her when she brought it up a few weeks later.
"Are you kidding, I couldn't have stopped if the hotel was on fire. You really had me going Chuck!" She said as the look in her eye seemed to take her back to that moment.
I had her going? "What if someone walked in?" I wondered aloud.
"People walk in on each other all the time, in school, in cars, in parks. I walked in on my Mom and Dad once!"
"What?" I blurted. She described it as if it was of no concern.
"It's not like the person stumbling onto you is going to rip their clothes off and join. In fact, most people are more embarrassed findingyou, get all apologetic, and move quickly away."
"Sounds like you've had that experience?"
"Yeah, in school. My roommate walked in on my boyfriend and me and got all freaky and apologetic. At that moment she was like, "Oh my God! I'm sorry. I... I better go." A week later she was more like, "Wow, that was hot Rainy". She left the door unlocked a few times to return the favor, but the timing never worked out.
"Um, I'm not sure I want to hear the details Rainy. I kind of see you only asmygirl."
"Of course I am all yours, Chuck! But you have to realize you weren't the first at all."
She had to add those last two words! That's when I realized that Rainy was never shy about her body or talking about sex. "Besides, how do we know it wasn't the maid checking out my husband?" She added and I knew it was to make me feel better after her previous comment.
It never occurred to me that anyone would look at anything else but Rainy if she were nude. Not even another woman! But after the episode in the conference room, my new wife clearly noticed that I enjoyed that situation.
Rainy became much more conservative as our children entered out lives. That didn't stop me from daydreaming about the uninhibited Rainy years before kids.
I have to admit that I didn't always stop her either. As I've mentioned, early on, Rainy was oblivious about her nudity or near nakedness. To my delight, she was constantly nude around the house. Though she knew that I would eventually respond with sexual advances, she also was very comfortable with her body. It didn't seem to bother her that there were large windows in most of the rooms; she never considered that someone could see from the outside.
One time I came home to find a nude Rainy, quite visible, in the picture window of our home. Though the front of our home was hidden behind trees and hedges the view from the driveway wasn't as sheltered. And that was where the car slowly came to a stop. Rainy was watering the plants hanging in the window. Her round 34C breasts were impressive even from a distance. Her narrow waist curved outward at the hips. The window didn't hide the furry line of her trimmed pubic hair. It was certainly a nice way to end to my workday!
It was also a nice end to the day for my friend Ed, who drove me home because I left my car at the auto shop to get new tires. "Holy..." was all that came out of Ed.
We sat there watching her for what seemed like ten minutes, but was probably only thirty seconds, before she moved away from the window.
"Well then!" Was all I could muster while shaking my head.
"I don't know what to say, Chuck." Ed said as I got out of the car.
Ed became our closest friend after that day. Though that episode likely was the catalyst, Ed was truly a good friend to me. He never mentioned that sighting to anyone else and shrugged it off whenever I mentioned it to him. He's also ten times the handyman I am, and got us out of a few jams with our first house. In fact, he has done so many favors for us over the years, that I kind of felt like 'Rainy sightings' were a way of thanking him.
That's right; Ed was at the house on more than a few occasions when Rainy was not exactly dressed. I'm not sure why, but for some reason it was exciting knowing he'd seen her in some state of undress, though I never imagined it going any further than that.
She won't admit it, but Rainy tended to get a bit horny in response to my own admission that I found those situations titillating. That made it even better for both of us.
Another Rainy sighting, as I called them, occurred at our home after Rainy came back from a run one hot summer day. Ed and I were in the den at my house. There's an old sliding glass door that opens onto our deck. The door hadn't worked in years, so we never really consider it a door. It was just a big window. I came out into the hall to meet her as she entered the house. I didn't mention that Ed was in the den at that time.
"Nice day for a run. Have a good one?"
"Yeah, I felt great." I leaned in close for a kiss, but Rainy held me back just a bit. "I'm really sweaty." She warned.
"Well, go hang your stuff on the deck and cool off." I urged her.
Rainy preferred to do that for two reasons. One was so our (really my) sweaty workout clothes wouldn't clutter or smell up our bathroom. The other was that Rainy still enjoyed a few minutes of naturalism out on the deck whenever possible. Our yard was quite private, so not only didn't I mind, but I often encouraged it, for my own viewing pleasure.
I went back to the den. From the outside, the den was barely visible through the dark tinted glass doors. Ed was on the couch when Rainy appeared on the deck. I handed him a beer and busied with the stereo while Rainy stepped out into view. I could see her in the reflection of a large framed photo we had on the far wall. Ed was sitting on a couch under that frame and looked over as she came into view. The blinds were never closed over the glass doors. I guess I should have tried, but I suddenly didn't want to alert Rainy of our presence, which would have happened if she saw the blinds sliding across the door. I'm sure Ed didn't expect what was next, but I did. Rainy stretched a bit and untied her running shoes and stepped out of them.
Then she pulled her nylon shirt over her head. She was wearing an athletic bra so this was still a PG rated show. I leaned down and opened a cabinet door and accidentally knocked a stack of CDs onto the floor to pretend I was distracted. Ed did his best to look away, but started to focus more when Rainy reached behind her back to unfasten her bra strap!
"So Ed, what do you think, Bob Marley, the Dead, or the Band?" These were all Ed's favorites.
"Uh... oh sorry." He looked over to me. "Let's do The Band, if it's live."
"Sure." I answered and watched the reflection.
Ed took a deep breath as Rainy removed her bra.
Rainy was now down to only her panties. There was lots of time to look as she hung each garment over the deck railing after taking them off. Even in the reflection, Rainy's figure looked outstanding with her full round tits and slim waist curving out to full round hips.
I went back to picking up the CDs after putting The Band in the player. It was worth the wait. Rainy's tits hung down as she slipped her panties off and laid them over the railing. Then she straightened up and stretched a bit. I pretended to read the other CDs while Ed looked over at the beautiful figure just outside. What I didn't expect was the unintended close up!
Rainy unexpectedly walked directly in front of the glass door! She had left another pair of running shorts there from a previous day! So there she was, right in front of the glass door, full frontal, tits high and round and delicious looking. Her nipples were hard and her athletic thighs framed her dark patch of fur. At this point I really couldn't pretend not to notice and was worried she would see that we were inside. "Holy crap!" I blurted as Ed's jaw dropped open. "Rainy changes out there sometimes. I'd better go tell her you're here!"
I started to get up and noticed the tent in Ed's jeans while I tried to figure out the right thing to do, "Actually, maybe that's not a great idea. If she sees me moving she'll know we saw her naked."
"You're probably right." Ed was a gentleman and turned his head away as he responded.
But she turned and leaned over to shake out her hair. This was a bit too much as her pussy came into view. "Okay, I better take this chance to lead her away from the window."
"Uh, yeah." He deadpanned looking back at her and realized what he was seeing. Gentleman or not, this was not a view any guy could turn away.
I left the den intending to get Rainy off the deck. I suddenly realized I had slowed myself considerably while going to get Rainy off the deck. I was thinking about Ed watching her and actually found the situation titillating. I hadn't intended Ed to see such a close-up; not only was the close-up of her boobs, but there my wife's lovely pussy lips displayed on the other side of the glass door!
Rainy had made her way inside a minute later and was coming down the hall, naked. The thought that Ed could come out of the room at any moment caused a rise in my shorts. I knew I couldn't explain to her why I didn't mention he was there, so I quickly guided Rainy into the bathroom, gave her a fresh towel and a kiss.
"Well, that was nice of you!" She said looking at me quizzically.
I went back and made light of the situation with Ed. "I can't believe that happened, again!" I said referring to the first window display.
"You really have to let her know when someone's visiting!" He urged and shook his head. I'm not sure how long she was leaned over to his eyes, but Ed had an obvious bulge in his jeans. We quietly made our way to the front door at Ed's request before Rainy came out and heard us talking.
"Is that Ed?" She said happily as she came out to meet us. "Hi Ed! What's up?"
The phrase wasn't lost on either of us though we didn't let on.
Ed was having a hard time keeping his face from turning red as Rainy came over and gave him a big hug, and then bounced down onto the couch. "Are you guys just going to stand there? Come sit." That hug and invitation after just seeing her nude body up close caused Ed to stammer as sweat beaded from his forehead.
"I was just dropping something off for Chuck. Gotta go. Take care!" He said as he quickly made his way out the door and down the front steps. Ed never mentioned that event either.
"Glad you came out of the shower dressed." I teased my wife, just to test her mood. I was pretty horny after what just happened.
"I heard you guys talking at the front door." She assured me.
"If you would have come in from the deck." I smiled raising my eyebrows up and down quickly. "Our friend would've gotten quite a surprise if he was at the front door just then!"
"Ed's a gentleman, he'd have looked away." She said reaching a hand out to pull me onto the couch. "Not like you!"
"I can't look away Rainy. You know that. It's just not possible!" I said as I returned the hug.
"Edisa gentlemen." I added. "But he wouldn't look away." I said as we cuddled together.
"He's kind of mellow. I'm sure he would." She laughed.
"Nope, not right away." I insisted.
"How would you know?" She was getting curious because of my certainty.
"Because he has looked."
"What?" She was surprised at my answer. "What do you mean, he has looked?" She stared at me.
"Well, one time he drove me home and there you were in the window, watering the plants." I quickly brought up the original Rainy sighting or she would have figured out what happened the past thirty minutes.
"So?"
"So you were naked."
"When? You never told me!" Rainy said more in interest than it being an impropriety.
"And younevertold me who was looking at us at that hotel door in Arizona." I winked.
"That's not the same. Ed's our friend." She countered.
"I never said anything because he never mentioned it."
"How much could you have seen anyway?" Rainy was dismissing the event.
"Everything from the lower thighs on up." I said evenly.
"For how long?"
"For about a minute or so until you walked away."
"Why didn't you distract him?" She looked at me with a wry smile.
"I was too mesmerized with you being naked. You looked so beautiful, it didn't seem to be abadthing."
"Now you sound like my parents!"
"Well not quite. I still think about sex every time I see you naked." I smiled.
"Well... I'm proud that you didn't freak out. That's good." She was always trying to bring out the best in people, especially me.
"It's good that he saw you naked?" I twisted her words.
"That's not what I meant..." She started to say, but I cut her off.
"...cause I've accepted your upbringing. It didn't bother me that he did, you know, because your body is like watching a work of art." I said in a way that she wasn't' certain was serious. I expected her to react to the fact that I said it wouldn't bother me for another man to see her naked, but she only focused on the latter part of the sentence.
"Wow! That's the best compliment I ever got!" Rainy said in a whispery voice. The she kissed me. We snuggled. And for once, it didn't lead to sex. I sat there holding her and feeling very fortunate to have my own Renoir.
---
Our real feelings about her nudity were tested later that fall when Ed came over to help install some new closet doors and then stayed to watch the Phillies playoff game at my house. It was the sixth of October 1993. Rainy had been naked around the house most of that morning before Ed arrived.
I teased her about whether she was getting dressed before Ed arrived.
"Ah, you wouldn't notice anyway once the Phillies game starts." Rainy said facetiously.
We were both in a teasing mood so Rainy teased back.
"I'm not so sure about that!" I muttered aloud.
She headed down the hall with an exaggerated swivel causing her ass to sway side to side.
A half hour later Ed and I headed straight into the den and clicked on the television to listen to the pre-game while we surveyed the closet door we were about to install. Rainy came in about ten minutes later ... and stopped the room dead.
She was wearing very short cutoffs, the kind where the inside of the pockets are showing on the outside. She had on one of my old worn cut off softball shirts. It was a v-neck, which showed some cleavage. Since the lower buttons were missing the shirt parted, showing off the cutest navel you might ever wish to see. She looked like one of those baseball girl calendars.
I think we heard hersecondsentence after we swallowed our beers hard. "It's sixty five degrees out there today. I'm going outside to rake the leaves from the flower bed."
She put some salsa and chips down on the table, further revealing her cleavage.
"Those are for you guys." She gave me this teasing smile and headed out to do her raking.
I wasn't sure if she meant the cleavage or the chips! This time I was the one whose mouth was open, as I stared at my wife as she left the room saying. "Seeya later, enjoy the game!"
I really wanted to watch her rake the leaves in that outfit. I'm sure our neighbor was going to be straining his neck today! I could have talked Ed into it without hesitation, but decided that getting the doors installed and watching the playoff game between the Phillies and Braves was a safer move.
When she came back inside later, she stopped in to see how we were doing. Ed had the doors done in record time and we were already watching the game, it was 1-0 Phillies. Rainy's shirt was dirty, along with her face, arms, and legs. After cleaning out the flowerbed she somehow looked sexier even with all the dirt! I could just imagine the neighbor seeing her out there!
"All done?" I asked before she could leave. "What's next on your list?"
"I've got nothing planned. What are you doing?"
"We were going to get a few beers and watch the rest of the game." I said as I got up and met her at the entrance to the room. "You want to watch the game with us?" I looked her up and down, imagining her sitting between us with her shorts rising up and her shirt revealing much of her lovely breasts. My wife caught my stare and likely my thoughts.
"I'd love to, but I'm a bit dirty." She looked disappointed. She didn't realize the connotation of her words.
"I like it when you're dirty." I blurted out. I could hear Ed clear his throat in response.
"Chuck!" Rainy shouted, clearly embarrassed. "We have company!"
She turned to leave left the room, but not before giving me a punch on the shoulder.
"Sorry!" I said as I feigned defense. "Want me to pour you a cold one too?" I said starting down the same hallway. We had one of those little refrigerator kegs.
"Sure!" She quickly answered. "I'm thirsty!"
"What size glass do you want?"
"Depends on howdirtyyou want me to be!" She tilted her head in a sexy way as she said this. She was still in a teasing mood, but I was surprised since Ed was in the house.
"Whoa, what's gotten into you today?" I asked. I turned back, grabbed her waist, and gave her a major league wet kiss.
"How dirty doyouwant to be?" I put the question back to her as I ran my hands up under the back of her shirt.
"Stop. He'll hear us!" She giggled but didn't push back at all.
"Now that's dirty!" I emphasized the second syllable, raising the level of teasing.
Rainy's mouth opened wide surprised smile. "You're a naughty boy."
It wasn't only my answer, but also the fact that I tried unsnap her bra while my hands were behind her shirt. "Did you want this?" She added, reaching behind her back, unsnapping the bra and sliding the straps off her shoulders and through the shirt. "There, how's that?"
I was stunned. Her sloping breasts and prominent nipples were showing through the worn material of the old softball shirt. I couldn't believe she was doing this with Ed just down the hall, but she seemed frisky most of the day. "That's perfect!" I said, reaching my hand to her shirt.
"Way to go!" Ed's voice suddenly cascaded down the hallway bringing us back to reality.
Rainy and I both laughed thinking he meant us. "It's two to nothing now, Chuck!"
I looked lustfully at Rainy before Ed yelled out. "Hey, where are those beers?"
"Crap, I didn't get the beers! Can you?" I said to Rainy without thinking.
She looked down at her boobs poking their way through her shirt. "Right, like this I suppose?" She smirked.
"Well you did say that we wouldn't notice once the game was on." I teased her again not expecting her response.
"You're right!" She leaned her head seductively and walked toward the kitchen without a word. I really didn't think she would do it, but a few minutes later Rainy walked into the room, obviously bra-less.
Though she'd been like that in public before, for some reason this was very titillating, so to speak. Ed's eyes grew wide when Rainy put the beers on the coffee table because her breasts hung down into the cotton material of the shirt, her nipples more pronounced now as well. Her midsection now showed skin as the shirt rode up her body. If she leaned forward any more the bottom of the shirt would have released the bottom of her boobs. It took all my effort not to assist!
I watched Ed try not to stare and divert his eyes back to the game to cut the sexual tension.
"Another single?" Ed blurted out as the first batter of the sixth inning laced into the ball.
"Yeah!" Rainy put her hands up in cheer, which created a nice little bounce under her shirt.
Ed was on the other side of her and clearly had a similar view. I wasn't sure if he was dumfounded that she was cheering for the other team or the display she just put on.
"Rainy, it's the Braves." I interrupted.
"Oh, sorry, just catching up." She laughed.
Before long it was 5-2 Braves. We didn't feel as bad we usually would when the Phillies were down, not with Rainy sitting with us in that outfit.
"Damn." Ed moaned lightly.
"They'll come back guys!" Rainy was either enjoying this display or perhaps she was just comfortable since this was how she normally dressed around the house anyway.
"Seventh inning stretch!" Ed said as he got up to stretch. I suddenly wondered if Rainy would take part in her favorite baseball tradition with nothing under that shirt. It took only seconds to find out. Rainy stood up, locked her fingers, and stretched up, then right, then left. The shirt stretched across her boobs, leaving no mystery as to their shape and size. The sides lifted showing her thin abs, enhancing them all the more. She really did look like a calendar girl.
I'm sure Ed was visualizing the time he saw her nude body in the window and on the deck. This view confirmed what he saw and I'm sure he imagined her stretching wearing nothing, much like I was imagining at that moment. The vision was so real that I almost reached out to run my hand down her back on over her ass. Ed confirmed my thoughts by the way he cleared his throat, "I'll be right back." He headed for the bathroom.
"Geez Rainy. You're driving me crazy." I breathed out. "I'm sure Ed is losing his mind too."
I laughed. "He's probably deciding what to do first in there."
"Chuck! You mind is ... uh!" I could tell she had never thought of Ed in that way.
"I can't believe you actually did that?" I said, changing the direction of the conversation.
"I guess I owe you then?"
"What do you mean?"
"I guess you noticed after all. I really didn't think you guys would be so obvious."
"So, what do I win?"
Rainy picked up her shirt and flashed me. Behind us we heard the announcer say, "Strike three!" in the suddenly silent room. We both laughed.
"See, you distracted him too!" I cheered. "You might have started a new tradition Rainy!"
I reached out with both hands, brushing her nipples with my thumbs, when I heard the bathroom door open. I pulled back and Rainy lowered her shirt.
Ed walked back in the room and we turned to the game. The Braves were able to get two more hitters on base. By the end of the inning it was 9-2 Braves. Ed shook his head at the screen.
"Well, this game is a goner. I think I'll head home." Ed turned to go.
"You should've started distracting the batters earlier Rainy!"
"What do you mean?" Ed looked at her, knowing she was certainly distracting us, but how did that help the Phillies?
"Oh, I'll tell you some time how it works." I said looking over at Rainy, who was getting flush.
Her nipples were rising up again too, so I knew a tiny bit of her wanted me to recount the strikeout earlier in the inning when Rainy flashed her boobs.
Ed stood there with this stupid look on his face. Then I started to speak, "well..." Rainy didn't stop me, though I heard her start to say something before I told the story, "...it's a little private, but we know you a long time Ed. It's seems on a three-two count, the guy strikes out whenever Rainy flashed the TV."
"What?" He said shaking his head.
"No really, she did just before you came back in. The first batter this inning struck out.
"Okay, I'll take your word for it." Ed laughed.
Just then the third batter came up. I knew it was a joke and coincidence, but everyone turned to the TV and got quite. Rainy was beyond playful today and her boobs were mostly showing anyway, so I pushed the envelope. "What do you say Rainy?"
"With Ed here?" Her question let me know she would.
"Well, to tell you the truth Rainy, that shirt you have on doesn't really hide much anyway."
As luck would have it the count went to three and two. Even though it was a Phillies player, Rainy looked over at us with a few quick glances. When the pitch flew, up went her shirt.
Rainy's beautiful tits were on display only for a few seconds, but it must have seemed like minutes. I know I clearly saw every detail of her shape, including her hardening nipples.
"Holy ..." Ed started to say.
"Strike three!" The announcer yelled. Unbelievable coincidence, but this little scene would be repeated in the years to come. Not as successfully, but who cared! Rainy was about to do it again an inning later, but Ed waved her off.
"This game's gone already. Save it for a tight one Rainy." He shook his head and laughed.
When the game ended, Rainy stood and thanked Ed for helping put in the closet doors. I know Ed wanted to return the thanks for the entertainment Rainy provided us, but it wouldn't have come out right, no matter how he said it.
She leaned in to give him a goodbye hug as usual. Ed's arms went around to her back and gave her an affectionate rub. But this was the first time she wasn't wearing a bra while hugging him. He tried not to press up against her, but Rainy pressed up against him. I'm sure Ed felt her bare tits against his body. She didn't do it to be naughty. She did it because it was a genuine gesture of thanks.
After I closed the front door behind Ed, I came back into the den to see Rainy standing there, staring at me. "What?" I said dumbly.
Rainy lifted her shirt over her head. She proceeded to unzip and pull down her shorts.
It dawned on me that all I saw was skin. "You weren't wearing panties?" I said incredulously.
"Took them off in the kitchen!" Rainy stuck out her chin, pointed to the panties lying over the back of one of the kitchen chairs, and smiled as she answered.
"Your bared your bottom in the kitchen while we were in the other room?"
"I was going to bring the beer to you like that, just outside the den door, then jump in the shower. Then I thought it might be pressing my luck that you were the first to the door."
The image was stunning to me. I knew at some point I'd love her to try it. "That would've been too much, Rainy. I would've needed to have you immediately." I left open the thought that Ed would've heard us even if we made it to another room.
I pulled her against me. She felt my rock hard pants and tried to reach down to free me, but I wanted none of it. I wanted to taste every inch of her first. I kissed her chin, then her mouth, then her neck, and so on down her body with equal passion for every part. When I reached her sex she was already quite wet. She moaned to the motion of my tongue until a quiet but very strong orgasm shook her entire body.
Rainy returned the favor by sitting back on the kitchen table and holding her legs about one hundred sixty degrees apart as I stood in front of her, pushing long slow strokes into her aqueous pussy, just inches from the edge of the table. It evolved into a hard pounding and a loud response from both my orgasmic wife and me.
We were at a new stage now. Rainy's claim of nudity being just a natural thing was now infused with a bit of my own claim that nudity leads to sex. The fact that her teasing in the presence of someone else heightened the sexual tension was not lost on either of us.
I never did get to that story about my forty-fifth birthday, so you'll have to wait for chapter 2.