If you're new to the series, please take note: this story is in the Nonconsent category. In addition to graphic nonconsent, this episode features coercion and intense humiliation. Consider yourself warned!
This story is a fantasy. The author does not condone any real-world nonconsensual touching or sexual activity, infliction of pain or emotional distress, or mistreatment of any person. Any resemblance to actual persons or events is strictly coincidental.
Langley, Virginia, August 2007
As Amanda and Percy walked side by side down the corridor, she clicked the button on her ball point pen continually.
"Could you stop that?" Percy finally snapped.
She shrank back. "Sorry. I, um, didn't realize."
He sighed. "Why are you so wound up? It's an honor, not a punishment."
"Director Calloway is presenting it personally. I don't know what to say."
"Follow his lead. He'll pin the medal to your chest." He glanced at her bust. "Well, obviously not your actual chest, but your lapel. Listen to what he says, if anything, and provide the shortest possible response."
She looked down and buttoned her new navy jacket, which had a prominent burgundy pinstripe. The suit was custom made by An Affair to Remember, and it featured exceptional workmanship -- as well it should, given its astronomical cost. However, she had to give them credit for delivering it two days early so she could wear it for today's ceremony.
Unfortunately, the ensemble fit too snugly. The matching skirt hit just above the knee, as she'd specified, but it narrowed appreciably through the thighs, shortening her stride. Worse, the tailored cut revealed the shape of her bottom.
At the fitting last night, when she'd quietly expressed her concern, Cherie had disagreed, highlighting its fashion forward elements, then called Malcolm over, who had insisted she parade back and forth while he complimented her butt in graphic terms. Stressed over today's ceremony, and aware there wasn't time for an adjustment, Amanda had capitulated, then left without trying on the custom-made blouse.
It was only that morning she'd discovered the blouse had a similar issue. The vibrant burgundy silk fabric was beautiful, but it showed the outline of her bra. However, she had to admit the blouse was stylish, and it matched perfectly with the suit. Saturday, she'd return it for adjustments. Meanwhile, with the jacket on, she looked very professional.
"Here we are." Percy opened the door for himself, letting her trail behind.
Calloway's assistant led them into a spacious office, where a cluster of men stood waiting. The only one Amanda recognized was Harlan Kimmel, Deputy Director of Operations. She stopped just inside the door, clasped her hands together, and lowered her eyes.
Percy nudged her. "Go stand beside Harlan."
She drew a breath and stepped forward. The others moved back to make room.
Harlan smiled as he took her arm and pulled her closer. "You're pretty as a picture." He touched her nose.
She blushed and studied the ivory deep pile carpet. To her right lay a pair of brightly polished dress shoes. Their owner wore a deep blue dress uniform and the gold braid and single star of a Rear Admiral on his sleeve. She looked up and met his eye.
He extended his hand. "Patrick Lowell, commander of Special Operations Command Central."
What an honor, she thought. Her head bobbed as she shook his hand, and her eyes shone. "Amanda Stevens."
At that moment, Director Calloway strode in. As he removed a small box from his desk drawer, everyone turned and quieted.
Calloway cleared his throat. "We're here to recognize Amanda Stevens for her courage and gallantry in her recent mission."
He looked her in the eye. "Ideally, this would have been a public ceremony, and I would have spoken more specifically of your contributions. Unfortunately, the events of that day are classified so none of that is possible. Suffice it to say, your bravery and decisive action saved lives and assured the mission's success."
Amanda beamed. "Thank you, sir." Having worked for years to maintain perfect posture, she couldn't stand any taller or straighter, but she tried.
He affixed the medal to her lapel, then turned to pat Kimmel on the back. "Fine work, Harlan, recruiting and training such a capable young woman. Agents like Amanda will deliver the brightest possible future for the National Clandestine Service."
With that, he made his excuses and left.
Admiral Lowell put his hand on Amanda's shoulder, leaned closer, and spoke in a low voice. "Three of my men are grateful for the risks you took on their behalf. I won't name them, but you know who they are."
She'd smiled for so long, the corners of her mouth hurt. "Thank you, sir." As head of SOCCENT, Lowell was well positioned to help her during future Mideast operations. Making a good impression was critical.
He touched her hand. "I understand you were wounded."
"Oh, that." She waved away his concern as her smile faded. "It was only a scratch, sir." She locked her elbows, interlaced her fingers, and looked at the ceiling. Please, let him not ask for details, she hoped.
"Where were you hit?"
She shot a wince toward Percy. He ducked his head and remained on the perimeter.
She swallowed. "Um. In a personal place, sir."
His face darkened, and his voice rose. "Don't tell me those animals shot you in the tit."
All conversation stopped, and everyone turned to look at her.
"Oh, no, sir. It was --" She looked away. "I was hit in my bottom, sir." She blushed fiercely.
He let out a huge breath, then cocked his head and smiled. "No kidding! Years ago, I got shot in the butt too." He unbuckled his belt, let his uniform trousers fall to his ankles, and pulled down the edge of his boxers, revealing a rounded pink depression in the side of his lower hip.
He took her hand and pressed her fingers to the scar. "I remember it like yesterday. Hurts like a motherfucker, doesn't it?"
"Um, yes, sir, it hurts quite a lot." After hesitating a moment, she brushed her fingertip lightly over the divot in his flesh, then drew her hand away.
"Well? Let's see it."
She looked at Harlan and saw only an expression of keen interest. The others regarded her with equal anticipation.
Would she raise her skirt for this powerful admiral, this total stranger, while other men watched? The mere thought caused her intense embarrassment.
But the consequences of failing to comply would be significant. She'd squander the opportunity to cement an important connection and revive concerns about her ability to carry out missions requiring nudity, overshadowing her hard-won commendation.
She forced herself to look Lowell in the eye, then spun to face away from him. Closing her eyes, she reached back to grasp the hem of her narrow skirt. With a gulp, she pulled it upward, wiggling her hips to free it when it bunched up. Then she bent at the waist, bracing herself against her knee with her free hand.
It's a good thing I wore a thong, she thought. I'd never be able to pull down my panties in front of this crowd. Showing them all my bare butt is bad enough.
A babble of murmurs and exclamations erupted behind her. Over her shoulder, others jockeyed for position.
"Looks like just a graze," said Lowell, running his fingers back and forth along its length. "Healing up quite nicely." He traced the curving swell along the underside of her bottom, then took her measure more thoroughly with his full hand before finally releasing her.
She bit her lip as he took his time groping her, then straightened and turned back to him as she worked the gathered fabric back down her hips and thighs. As she wiggled, she tried to ignore the comments and lustful expressions of the other men, but it was difficult. She pretended nonchalance, as though lifting her skirt in public were no big deal, but it took all her self-control.
Thankfully, Lowell and Harlan soon had to leave for other pressing engagements, and the others followed. As Percy headed back to his office, she fell into step beside him.
"Nice move, using your little wound as an excuse to raise your skirt. None of those guys will forget that ass of yours any time soon."
She scoffed and narrowed her eyes. "It wasn't a strategy, Percy." But she restrained her impulse to complain. Instead, she squeezed his arm. "I need your help with Jason."
He snorted. "He says you're wearing him out. He never gets a moment's peace."
She huffed. It's more like the other way around, she thought. Unless I'm not home for a few days, in which case he's wearing out my butt when he finally catches me.
"Somehow he put his name on the title to my townhouse. You've got to make him give it back."
He scoffed. "You're married, so it's his now anyway. You're the one who put 'obey' in your vows."
"I did not!" She bared her teeth. "He's a thieving asshole!"
"You picked him."
She raised her voice. "For a first date. Not for a husband!"
Heads turned in the corridor.
The last of her composure crumbled. "He's a horrid man. He's a brute, and he's cruel. He enjoys humiliating me." She began to cry.
He put his arm around her and guided her toward his office. Inside, he shut the door, then put both hands on her waist and pulled her close.
"He's a monster," she blubbered into his wrinkled shirt.
"There, there." He patted her back, then wrapped his arm around her, flattening her breasts against his chest. He rested his other hand on the swell of her bottom. "He's not so bad."
"He spanks me, on my bare butt. If his hand is sore, he uses his belt." She pulled out her hankie and snuffled into it. "Sometimes he ties me up," she choked out. "He enjoys it."
He nodded. "I've spanked you too. So has Tyler, and Wilson, and several others, starting with your priest back home. Every time, you've bent over, and lifted your skirt, and pulled down your panties, and let them whack your naked ass."
He patted her rear. "If you don't like it, why do you submit?"
She stiffened. This was not the response she wanted.
She'd intended to discuss this as professionals, across his desk, certainly not while he rubbed against her breasts and fondled her bottom. She pressed her palms to his chest.
He held her fast. "I'll tell you why. Because you love it. It makes you wet. In fact, last time I spanked you, you clamped your thighs around my arm and ground your clit against my wrist."
This was true, but she was ashamed of it. Reminding her was unkind, and his smug manner was infuriating. She slipped out of his arms, then rounded on him. Her fists were clenched, but fresh tears filled her eyes.
"You did this to me, Percy. This whole marriage is your fault. You have to help me."
He shrugged. "You can't blame a man for fucking his beautiful wife."
Her shoulders slumped as the fight went out of her. She fell into his guest chair and covered her face with her hands.
Just tell him, she said to herself.
She raised her head. "The fucking isn't the problem. Well, it actually is, it's too often, and too rough, but that's not the main issue."
He sighed and sat down behind his desk.
"It's his kinks. It's a different one every time."
He raised his eyebrows.
"When he thinks I've been avoiding him, he has this way of punishing me. He takes an everyday activity and twists it around to -- "
Her chin began to quiver, and for a moment she struggled to speak. When she continued, her voice was thick. "To humiliate me. And if I don't obey, he overpowers me and makes me do something worse."
She drew a deep breath. "For example, last week, I invited him for a picnic in the park. I made his favorite, fried chicken and potato salad. As a surprise, I'd ordered a new picnic hamper from Neiman Marcus. I was so excited."
She bit her lip. "The last time we were there, Jason kissed me in public." She met his eye. "I admit, I liked it, and I hoped he'd do it again. So, I chose a spot in the back corner. But it was a beautiful day, and shortly after we arrived, this young couple sat down nearby with a six pack."
She fidgeted. "Jason said to put my hands behind my head like a pinup model. 'Like you do for habituation,' he said. I made the mistake of refusing, and he got angry. By the time I finally did it, he'd decided to make a point. He groped my breasts through my clothing. He knew I'd be embarrassed."
She grimaced. "I closed my eyes and let them watch for a minute, but he just kept pawing me, and after a while I looked. They were both staring."
"Those reprobates."
She shot him an annoyed look. "Jason offered them some chicken. The guy came over and took a drumstick. When he returned with a Heineken for Jason, I saw he was seriously cute. Jason still had his hand on my breast, and I could see the bulge in the guy's khakis. He stood over me, looking down at my chest, and Jason said, 'She'll do whatever you say.'"
She looked at Percy. "Right away, the guy said, 'Take off your blouse.' The woman watched for my reaction. And I saw the hard look in Jason's eyes, and I knew I had to do it."
She twisted in her chair. "On warm days, young women often sun themselves in their bikini tops, and I told myself this wasn't any different. But it was. It was obviously my bra, not a bikini top. But I unbuttoned my blouse and slipped it off."
Percy's gaze lingered on her chest, and she rolled her eyes. "I spotted an older couple a few feet beyond them. The old lady looked at me, sitting there in a public park in just my bra, and complained to her husband. Meanwhile, the young woman closer by watched me from her blanket."
"Was she pretty?" He began to unwrap a Butterfinger bar.
"Extremely. Long blonde hair, great body, big blue eyes, bright red lipstick. She was wearing red short shorts and a thin checked cotton shirt tied just beneath her bust, with nothing underneath. Her nipples were hard. She saw me noticing her. She waited until I finished folding my blouse, and then she blew me a kiss and called out, 'Unhook your bra.'"
He stopped with the candy bar halfway into his mouth. "Did you?"
"I didn't want to, but I could tell Jason wanted to please her. He put his mouth to my ear and said, 'Do it.' I was dying inside, but I reached back and unfastened my bra, and slid the straps off my shoulders. I covered my breasts, but the guy shook his head and said, 'Hands back on your head,' so I did. They both watched, of course, and the old man kept turning his head to look, but his wife kept slapping him."
She swallowed. "By then, Jason wanted another beer, and the guy brought it over. He stood over me again, leering at my bare breasts, and Jason said, 'Be my guest.' The guy knelt and reached out, but I leaned away and shook my head. Jason told me to let him touch me or he'd hold my hands behind my back. He does it all the time, and I always feel helpless and humiliated."
She looked away. "The guy was still kneeling beside me, waiting. He looked so eager. And I thought, he knows either way he's going to fondle my breasts, and he's imagining what they'll feel like.
"I sat forward until I was within reach and looked up at him. I was breathing hard, and he watched my breasts rise and fall. I waited. I had lowered my arms, but he told me to raise them high again. It took me a minute, but I made myself put my hands back on my head, and I thought, he's going to do it now."
She drew a deep breath. "Then he felt me up a long time, with both hands, while his girlfriend mocked me. He asked Jason why he made me do it, and he said, 'She was disobedient, and now she's being punished.'"
"Fuck," said Percy. He still held his candy bar, uneaten.
She wrung her hands. "I'd worn a short skirt, mid-thigh length, because it was warm out, and Jason likes it, but I --" She paused and pressed her lips together. "I try not to let people see up my skirt. I know it's silly, with all the skimpy clothes women wear, and I know it's different at work, where I have to wear lacy panties beneath my suits, and I often end up lifting my skirt and showing them to guys. I mean, I wear sexy lingerie at home too, but I try to be respectable, and respectable women don't go around in public showing strangers their panties."
She crossed her legs. "So, I'd stayed on my knees, sitting back on my heels, so my short hem wouldn't ride up. Now the guy told me to sit on my butt. He picked up a chicken wing and took it back to his blanket."
She gave a short, hollow laugh. "He was trying to make me flash my panties, but I pushed my legs straight out in front of me. With my skirt tight against my thighs, they couldn't see anything. But then he made me raise my knees."
Her voice quavered. "My breasts were already bare, and Jason was playing with my nipples again. When I raised my knees, the young couple could see beneath my skirt. I knew they could see my panties. I mean, they could see the, um, middle panel. The part over my pussy." She reddened.
"And I was aroused." Her cheek twitched as she made herself look directly at Percy. "I was wet. I was --" Her chest heaved. "I was leaking into my panties. And they could tell."
Her eyes were brimming, but she pressed on. "The young woman shook her head and said, 'He makes you do it?' And I said, 'Yeah.' And she laughed and said, 'That's so hot.' And the guy said, 'Pull down your panties' in a stern voice. And his girlfriend giggled and gave me this look of mock horror."
She uncrossed and recrossed her legs, twisting them like a pretzel. "Around us, more couples were spreading blankets and sitting down. I heard comments about my bare breasts. One guy noticed I was sitting with my knees up, and he took a spot directly down the slope, where he could look right up my skirt. If I pulled down my panties, they were all going to see. I didn't want to do it, but I knew if I didn't, Jason would just hold me down."
She closed her eyes, and in her mind's eye she saw herself from above, flat on her back while Jason leaned over her, pinning her arms to the ground as she squirmed helplessly. Her voice cracked. "He would have told the guy to reach underneath my skirt and pull them down himself. Or something worse."
Percy set down his candy bar. "Let me get this straight. You're in a public park, and a guy you've never met tells you to take off your top, and then your bra, and you do it. He and your husband both play with your bare tits while a bunch of random people watch, and you let them. Then this stranger tells you to pull down your panties and show everyone your pussy, and you actually did what he said."
She worked her jaw, and the corners of her mouth turned down as she tried not to cry. "You don't understand. I had to. Jason made me."
He snorted. "No, he didn't. You wanted to. You love it when guys ogle you. You love to show them your tits, and your ass, and your pussy. You love to watch their faces, and see the desire in their eyes, and see how hard you make their dicks. It makes you feel beautiful, and feminine, and powerful. And," he pointed at her, "it makes you wet."
She looked away. "No, Percy. That's not --"
"It is." He grinned and shook his head in amazement. "I can't get over it. You've become such a fucking slut."
She shook her head slowly as a tear left a trail of mascara down her cheek. "No, Percy. Please don't call me that."
His smile faded, and he waved his finger, scolding her. "What really frosts me is hearing you blame Jason for it, when you know he's just giving you what you want. Not every husband would be so willing to let other men see his beautiful new bride naked, and even let them play with her tits, just to act out her own twisted fantasy."
Her eyes flashed to the left, and she bit her lip.
"Oh, I see. That wasn't all, was it? You let the stranger finger you too, didn't you? Oh my God, he made you cum. In front of all those people."
He shook his head again. "I've seen some weird shit in my day, but that's just fucking depraved."
She cringed and whimpered.
"You actually did it, didn't you? You pulled down your own panties while they all watched. And that guy came over again, and you opened your legs for him, and showed everyone your bare pussy. Then you let him spread you open and stick his fingers inside you. Right?"
She nodded, with her eyes on the floor, and a tear dripped from the end of her nose.
"It didn't take you very long to cum, did it?"
She shook her head.
"Which noise did you make? Was it the low moan, or was it that high-pitched squeaking?"
She closed her eyes and pressed her lips together tightly, without responding.
He squinted at her. "Here's what I really need to know. Did you go to confession? Did you tell your priest what perverted shit you've done? I mean, how do you go to church in your demure little Sunday dress, with your knees and shoulders covered, and take communion, and sit there all prim and proper, reciting the liturgy, pretending to be all innocent and pure, and then go to the park and spread your legs for a bunch of random passersby?"
He leaned toward her. "Then you go home, and your new husband wants to bone you -- pretty understandably, after watching you wave those tits of yours in everyone's face for a couple hours -- and you tell him you're not in the mood?"
He rubbed his chin. "Yeah, I get it. He indulged your fantasy, and got you off, but you can't even be bothered to lay back for five minutes and let him empty his own suffering balls. Not nice. Frankly, I expected better from you, Amanda."
With her legs shaking, she rose from her chair, her face a mask of fury. "I should have known better than to ask for help from you, after you tricked me into a joke of a marriage and sold me to a monster for a wad of cash." She turned and marched toward the door.
Percy stood and slammed his hand down on his desktop. "Get back in that chair. I'm not finished with you."
She stopped and stood there for a moment before returning to her seat. She gave a long sigh, and with a trembling hand she dabbed at her eyes with her handkerchief. She checked her eye makeup in her compact. It was ruined, but this wasn't the time or place to repair it.
Percy wiped the sweat from his brow and sat down. When he spoke again, he used a calmer voice. "Obviously, you're aware of the attention you garnered by rescuing the ambassador, and the prominence you've achieved. Now Harlan wants to make sure we make full use of your capabilities."
He leaned back in his chair. "There's a new class of NCS inductees beginning training at the Farm soon. Harlan wants you to be one of the instructors."
Amanda was so surprised, she laughed out loud. Only the most capable, experienced operatives were chosen to become instructors. But then she thought of her recent mission and her expert marksmanship. She'd turned the tide of the final battle and saved her teammates from likely injury or death.
Her award ceremony had been private, but maybe this plum assignment was an indirect means of more substantively acknowledging her contribution.
"However, before that, you're overdue for your psych evaluation with Dr. Underwood." He held up his hand. "I know, but you've already postponed it twice."
"Ugh." She shook her head. Michelle called him Dr. Underhand. Megan just called him Woody. She knew what would be 'evaluated,' and it wasn't her state of mind.
"Meanwhile, I've received a support request from the Special Investigations Unit of the New Jersey State Police. Two different women have filed complaints against Monsignor Urbino, alleging inappropriate conduct that occurred when they were 18 and 19, respectively. They're planning a sting operation, and they requested you specifically, by name."
"No." The Monsignor had rung her periodically, suggesting they "meet in private," but she hadn't returned his calls, and she'd avoided mass and confession at Our Lady of Mercy during her visits to New Jersey. She hoped never to see Urbino again.
"I've slow-rolled the request, but now they're threatening to subpoena you for a deposition. Eventually, you're going to have to go."
She nodded, with a sour expression.
Percy continued. "But first, before any of that, you've been assigned a new mission. It's part of a broader code word operation focused on Iran."
He stepped over to his safe, opened it, and handed Amanda a fat envelope closed with a seal. Amanda ripped open the seal and removed a file. Flipping past a page of warnings admonishing her against disclosure to anyone not on a pre-approved list, she skimmed the first few pages.
"Looks like an effort to disrupt Iran's nuclear weapons program."
"Correct. Read the file, cover to cover. There's a briefing at 2pm. Be prepared to contribute." He rose.
This was her signal to leave. Seeing Percy already had his arm cocked for his traditional bottom swat, she stood and immediately took two steps backward, covering her butt with her folder.
Percy chuckled and wagged his finger at her. "I'll put that one on your tab."
She stepped toward the door, but he stopped her. "One last thing."
He grinned. "When you told me about the picnic, you got wet, didn't you?"
She turned her face away, stretching her lips over her teeth, but after a moment, she nodded.
"Are your panties still wet?"
She nodded again. She clutched the hem of her skirt with both hands.
"Show me."
"No, Percy, please."
"You just finished raising your skirt for a whole room full of men. Surely you can do it one more time, just for me."
She sighed, set down her folder and handbag, hooked her fingers beneath the hem of her skirt, and raised it to her waist.
"Turn toward me."
She did so.
"I still can't tell. Show me your crotch."
She closed her eyes and stood motionless for a moment, then bent her legs and opened her knees.
"Look at me."
She opened her eyes and followed his gaze to the oval of wet fabric stretched across her labia.
"Are you going to tell your priest what you did? Does he know what a twisted slut you are?"
She couldn't find her voice. She shook her head. After another moment, she rose from her crouch and worked her skirt back into place.
He took her by the jaw, bent her forward, and delivered three sharp swats to her bottom. They were very hard, and on the third swat, she yelped.
Still grasping her jaw, he pulled her upright. "Next time you get 'aroused' in this office, you're going to finish the job. In fact, from now on, every time you come here, you're going to raise your skirt and show me your panties before you leave. And if they're wet, you're going to pull them down, and stick your fingers up that tight little pussy, and rub your little clitty until you cum. And I'm going to watch."
While she sniffled, he opened his door and pushed her out.
As she passed Natasha's desk, she turned her face away, hoping Natasha wouldn't notice her wrecked eye makeup.
"Congratulations on your award, Amanda. Oops, I'm not supposed to know, am I?"
She put her head down and kept right on walking, without responding.
* * *
By that afternoon, Amanda had recovered. She was the first to arrive for the briefing, and as the others entered in two and threes, she realized this would be a much larger operation than any of her previous missions. By the time Lawrence Rudisil took the dais, nearly every seat in the small auditorium was filled.
She realized she'd forgotten her suit jacket at her desk. Her stomach felt queasy. She folded her arms across her chest.
She'd chosen a seat at the front, and as more senior administrators took the spots on either side, she worried she'd committed a breach of protocol. She was considering moving to the back when a pair of larger men sat down on either side, their broad shoulders intruding into her space. Then Rudisil began to speak.
"At our last meeting, I assigned a number of items for investigation. Chuck, let's begin with you. What can you tell us about the progress the Iranians are making?"
Chuck Blackwell stood and joined Rudisil on the dais. The lights dimmed, and an image of a cluster of buildings appeared on a large screen.
"Here you see the Iranian complex at Natanz. This is a hardened facility, with very thick concrete walls and extensive underground construction."
Her interest piqued, Amanda studied the image.
He advanced the slide, and an interior floor plan appeared. "A large portion of the underground space is dedicated to arrays of gas centrifuges, which they're using to enrich uranium hexafluoride. There are already 3,000 centrifuges in operation, with space for thousands more."
He clicked his remote, and the screen displayed a bar graph. "Here are my team's projections for production of weapons grade uranium. As you can see, they will soon have sufficient quantities to construct multiple nuclear weapons."
Amanda had seen reports of disputes between Iran and the U.N. concerning Iran's refusal to allow inspections of suspected research sites, but she had no idea the deployment of nuclear weapons was imminent. This was deeply unsettling.
As Blackwell returned to his seat, Rudisil killed the projector and restored the lights. "Last week, you heard Gene Murillo's presentation on Iran's missile program. They've already developed missiles capable of reaching Israel. They'll also target the Fifth Fleet in the Persian Gulf and the Sixth Fleet in the eastern Mediterranean. They'll intimidate Saudi Arabia and other western-friendly regimes and threaten our bases throughout the region."
He stepped closer to the edge of the dais. "We can't allow that to happen. Arnie Gamble will tell us about our response."
Arnie had been standing at the back of the auditorium, and now he came forward. "Some of you are aware of our long-standing cooperation with Israel on issues involving Iran. Others know of Mossad's expertise in cyber warfare. A few days ago, Mossad and the CIA completed their latest collaborative effort: a computer worm targeting Iran's gas centrifuges."
The man to Amanda's left stood up. "I don't see how that helps us. Won't they just remove the worm and resume enrichment?"
Arnie smiled. "You don't understand. The worm will actually destroy the centrifuges, Wesley."
Wesley shook his head. "I don't see how that's possible."
Arnie dimmed the lights again and displayed a diagram of a centrifuge. "This is an Iranian IR-1 Zippe gas centrifuge, identical to the one used at Natanz. It normally spins at 64,000 RPM. Our new worm causes the speed to briefly increase to 85,000 RPM, then return to normal speed. Later, the speed is dramatically slowed to just 20,000 RPM."
He used a laser pointer. "The change in speed stresses the aluminum tubes, causing them to expand until they contact one another, as you can see here." He advanced the slide. "This causes catastrophic damage." Again, he clicked his remote. "As shown here, the entire centrifuge disintegrates."
Wesley had returned to his seat, and now he rubbed his chin. "Holy fuck."
Around the room, there were huffs of astonishment, followed by a groundswell of applause. Amanda joined in with enthusiasm.
After the room quieted, Wesley stood up again. "My team believes the entire Natanz facility is air-gapped. We haven't identified a single point of connection. The new worm sounds fantastic, but how will we deliver it?"
Arnie nodded. "That's exactly the problem we need to solve. We already have part of the answer. Harlan has assigned one of his best operations officers." He glanced at his notes. "Amanda Stevens."
There were scattered exclamations behind her, and Rudisil had to raise his voice to be heard over the hubbub. "We all would prefer a known quantity for such a vital mission. But we need a beautiful brunette who speaks Persian like a native. Amanda's fluent in Persian. And she's quite a piece of ass." He clicked his remote, and the screen displayed a head and shoulders shot of Amanda in heavy makeup. The angle and lighting flattered her bustline.
Again, Rudisil called for quiet. "Obviously, we're on a tight schedule, and there are many details still to be worked out. We'll proceed with discussions in smaller groups and reconvene tomorrow to finalize the plan."
* * *
Later that day, Amanda met with Wilson Blodgett, who was responsible for oversight on her part of the operation. Having worked with Wilson and his team on her first mission, she knew him to be handsy, and often inappropriate, but otherwise competent. They were joined by his subordinate, Derrick Hardesty, an experienced field operative in his late twenties who was based in Paris.
"Hi, Derrick. I'm Amanda Stevens."
He grinned. "I know. I liked the picture they showed of you earlier." He brought her hand to his lips, then held his eyes on her face for an extra beat.
She felt her cheeks go pink. As she drew back her hand, she again regretted forgetting her suit jacket.
Wilson sat down to her right and brought out a photo of an olive-skinned man. His dark hair was closely cropped, his beard neatly trimmed. His oversized glasses magnified his large, closely set eyes. With his long nose, sharp chin, and narrow frame, he reminded Amanda of a bug-eyed bird.
"This is Farwan Isfahani, aged 49, associate professor of energy engineering at Amirkabir University of Technology in Tehran. He's an expert on pressurized water nuclear reactors. That's the type they're currently constructing in Bushehr, in southern Iran. Currently he's on sabbatical in France, at Mines ParisTech, but he's due to return to his post in a few days."
He laid down a photo of a plump, greying, imperious woman with a prominent overbite. "This is his wife, Daria, aged 54. She's from a wealthy family. Years ago, her father paid for Farwan's education, but she and Farwan are now estranged."
He gestured to Derrick. "Show her your latest pictures."
With a flourish, Derrick opened a binder to another picture, showing an attractive young brunette. "This is Gabrielle Vernier, a student of Farwan's, with whom he's reported to be having an affair. It's actually more than a report," he said, skipping ahead to another photo, which showed Gabrielle naked, astride Farwan's hips, her eyes closed in apparent pleasure.
"Thank you, Derrick," said Wilson, then faced Amanda. "Two months ago, Farwan filed for divorce. He plans to marry Gabrielle and take her back to Tehran. However, you're going to take her place."
Amanda furrowed her brow as she studied Gabrielle's skinny body. "I don't look much like her."
Derrick reached out and took her chin in his hand, turning her face toward him. After a moment, she saw his eyes drop, and she glanced down at her tight blouse.
For a moment, she let herself imagine he was touching her breasts. She would tell him to stop, but he would continue anyway. She realized she felt too warm.
"True," said Wilson. "I've asked Maddie Swain to address that." He walked to the door. "Maddie? Please come in."
There were introductions all around. Amanda was friendly and shook Maddie's hand, but the officious, white-haired woman's response was clipped and unsmiling.
Derrick handed Maddie his binder, and she paged through several head shots of Gabrielle, then flipped through a mix of torso and full-length photos. She set down the binder, leaving it open to a head-and-shoulders shot, and turned to Amanda. "Stand up, please."
Amanda got to her feet, tugging at the cuffs of her blouse and confirming with her fingers that it was buttoned to the top. There was nothing she could do about the way it stretched tightly across her breasts.
"Take down your hair."
Amanda removed the pins from her chignon and tossed her head, letting her hair cascade onto her shoulders.
Maddie took a few of Amanda's pins. "Cut it short. Bangs, here." She attached a bobby pin just above her eyebrows. "Sides, curving in toward your jaw, starting here." Another pin on either side. "Back, here." Another pin. "Dye it light brown with golden highlights. Like this." She thumped the picture with her finger.
Amanda's heart sank. She was proud of her hair, for its length and thickness as well as its striking, glossy dark color. She opened her mouth, then thought better of it. It would grow back, eventually.
Maddie leaned in, studying her face from close range. "Use extra rouge in the hollows of your cheeks to make your face appear narrower." Then she cast her gaze lower to study the front of Amanda's blouse.
Amanda nodded, repeatedly smoothing her skirt against the fronts of her thighs. Please don't comment on how tight my blouse is, she thought, not in front of Derrick and Wilson. She twisted the toe of her shoe into the carpet.
Maddie stepped forward, put her hands on Amanda's breasts, and squeezed them. "Huh."
Amanda flinched, then turned red. Her hands fluttered.
Maddie moved her hands to Amanda's waist. "Nice."
Amanda hugged herself. "Um."
Maddie reached lower to grab two handfuls of Amanda's bottom. As Amanda squirmed, she looked at Wilson and said, "Firm."
Wilson nodded.
Maddie turned back to her binder and flipped to a picture of Gabrielle, in front of her bathroom mirror. Her maroon lace pushup bra made the most of her modest endowment. Next came a full-length shot. Her panties matched her bra. The following page showed her from behind, bent forward over the sink. Her bottom was nicely rounded.
"Let's see you without the blouse and skirt."
Amanda cut her eyes toward Derrick, then back to Wilson, as her heart rate surged. With a frown, she reached for the collar of her blouse and began unbuttoning it. Slipping her cuffs past her hands, she pulled her arms from the sleeves and draped the blouse over her chair, then turned to face Maddie.
Maddie sighed and shifted her hip.
"Oh. You wanted the skirt off too. Sorry." Her hands shook as she hurried to run the zipper down her hip, stepping out of it and tossing it atop her blouse. She straightened, clasped her hands behind her back, and bit her lip.
Derrick snickered. "For a second, I thought you forgot." His eyes slid over the cups of her pale blue bra before settling on the crotch of her panties.
He wants to see my pussy, she thought. I don't want to show him, but he's going to make me.
She curled her lip at him, but she couldn't ignore the tingling she felt between her legs as he gawked at her. For a moment, she wished she'd worn flirtier lingerie, and her thoughts went to another set she had in the same shade of blue, featuring narrow vertical strips of translucent material across the cups of the bra and just to either side of the center line of her panties. They were so naughty! She rubbed her thighs together.
Then she realized Derrick would be her only local support during the mission, and titillating him to distraction wouldn't help her succeed, even if it felt like satisfying payback for making her self-conscious. Also, teasing wasn't nice. And after all, she was married.
Maddie pressed a palm against her flat belly. "You certainly do stay trim." She stepped back, rubbing her chin. "That's good. Any weight you lose will come off your tits and ass. See how much you can lose before you leave."
Without warning, she brushed the straps of Amanda's bra off her shoulders, then inverted the cups, freeing her breasts. She hefted each breast and let it drop. "No sag. They're so pretty, it's a shame to starve you."
Amanda blushed to the roots of her hair. Maddie left the cups of her bra dangling, and both men stared at her exposed breasts. But she fought the urge to cover them with her hands, forcing herself to move deliberately in turning away, sliding the straps back onto her shoulders, and replacing her breasts in the cups.
When she turned back, she felt Maddie's hands on her hips. She put her eyes on the ceiling and bit her trembling lip. It seemed like an eternity before the elastic began to slide down her thighs, slowly, inch by inch.
She's making a show of it, she thought. Of me.
My panties are the main event. And my pussy is the starring attraction.
When she finally looked down, her pale blue cotton thong lay in a figure eight across the tops of her new navy Manolos, curling around the backs of her three-inch spike heels. She put her hand over her mouth.
Again, she felt Maddie's hand on her abdomen, only this time it was lower. Maddie's fingertips trailed across her exposed vulva, and she peeped. Feeling a woman's touch on her pussy was extremely disconcerting, and her feelings about it were complicated. One thing she was sure of: she didn't like having an audience.
At least, that was what she told herself.
Maddie snickered. "Freshly waxed. Probably to please your boyfriend."
"Husband," Amanda said through her teeth as she willed away the new warmth she felt between her legs.
"I see." Maddie glanced at her gold band. "Take that off now, so the tan line fades."
Amanda complied. She wanted to put her ring in her change purse, but she'd have to face Derrick straight on, at close range. There was no avoiding it. As she extracted her feet from her tangled panties and moved toward him, her eyes dared him to look.
He stared directly at her unprotected vulva, a smile playing over his lips.
She had her fingers on the clasp of her handbag when Wilson told Derrick, "See if she's wet yet." When she startled, she spilled the contents of her bag into her chair. A couple of tampons fell to the carpet. Her pink plastic box of birth control pills landed between Derrick's feet.
"Shit." She dropped to her knees and bent to grab her items. Putting her elbows on the carpet, she reached for a tampon. As she did so, Derrick's fingers spread her labia and penetrated her.
She reared up, but found herself kneeling between his legs, looking up at him.
He held up his hand, and his fingers glistened. "I've heard the stories, and seen the pictures," he said as he grasped her breast with his other hand. "I must be the last guy in NCS to get some." He tried to put his wet index finger to her lips.
She twisted, wrenching her breast from his grip, and heard a crunch as her knee landed on the little pink box. An ejected pill rolled across the carpet to Wilson's wingtip.
He pushed back his chair, then bent and picked it up.
Amanda tracked the pill across the carpet. Her eyes flitted to her handbag, to the gold band in her palm, to the wreckage beneath her chair, to her bra, badly askew, to her bare vulva, then finally to her panties, which lay abandoned, the cotton fabric twisted around the elastic.
Her stiff posture gave way, and she slumped forward, the weight of her humiliation and shame like a heavy anvil between her shoulder blades, pressing her down until her nose touched the floor. A tear dripped onto the carpet.
Wilson rose. "Get up."
For a long moment, she looked at the cuffs of his grey wool trousers, then unfolded herself and stood up. She'd lost track of her handkerchief, so she wiped her face with the back of her hand.
He took her wrist and pulled her close, resting his hands on her waist as he looked her in the eye. "You're a decorated operations officer, spearheading one of the most important missions in the history of the agency. You're a role model. Stop sniveling and do your job."
She nodded, feeling the tips of her breasts against his body as his fingers stroked her ass.
Close behind her, Maddie cleared her throat. As Wilson released her, Amanda sighed with relief. She turned to find Maddie sneering with her hand outstretched, dangling her panties from her finger.
"Try to keep these on until you leave. Maybe that'll help keep stray cocks and fingers out of that famous pussy of yours." She looked at Derrick and Wilson. "Then again, maybe not." She handed Amanda her handwritten instructions, then turned and left.
Now alone with the two men, Amanda shivered, then turned away. Letting her hair fall over her face, she bent to step into her panties and pulled them into place. Still aware of their eyes on her body, and feeling self-conscious, she straightened her bra straps and centered her breasts in their cups.
Derrick rose from his chair and stood between Amanda and the chair holding her blouse and skirt. "Go to the hair salon tonight, then get a passport photo tomorrow morning. I'll have the documents team create a new French passport for you, in the name of Gabrielle Vernier. You'll need that to get into Iran."
"Will it withstand VAJA scrutiny?" VAJA was the feared Iranian ministry of intelligence.
"Of course. Our documents team is the best in the world."
"Make sure," said Wilson. "As the new French wife of a scientist in the Iranian nuclear weapons program, she'll be put under the microscope. They might even send a VAJA agent from their embassy in Paris to interview Gabrielle's parents."
"Already on it. They live in Lyon." He reopened his binder. "Her father's a back-office supervisor for a major French bank. They've always strongly disapproved of Gabrielle's affair with Farwan."
"Why?" Wilson moved closer to Derrick so he could see the contents of the binder.
"He's her professor, and he's more than twice her age. Now that they're planning to get married and go back to Iran together, her parents are convinced they'll never see her again. They refused to pay for the wedding, and now they're not speaking."
Amanda huffed. She wanted to put on her blouse and skirt, but the two men blocked her path.
Derrick looked up. "One more thing." He turned and picked up a smaller notebook. "There's a symposium on nuclear reactor technology in Tehran in two weeks. Since Farwan is planning to go, the team identified the scientists from Natanz most likely to attend. We only included those with clearance to connect their laptops to the internal Natanz LAN."
He stood next to her and opened the notebook. "This contains profiles of the seven best targets." He held the spine with one hand and put the other around her hip, toying with the waistband of her panties. "Memorize them."
That evening, as Amanda walked to her car, her mind replayed the day's events. She was thrilled to be assigned such an important mission, but still upset about the meeting with Wilson and his team. She especially hated to be reminded of her growing reputation, and Maddie's victim-blaming rankled.
But there was no time to contemplate such matters now. Her flight left in two days, and she had weight to lose. She needed to get to the gym.
* * *
Two Days Later
As the flight attendant cleared her dinner, which she'd barely touched, Amanda lounged back in her wide leather seat and took another sip of her gin and tonic. She'd been dreading the prospect of spending a sleepless night in coach, but then the agent at the counter had let her purchase an upgrade to first class. She'd had to put the charges on her personal black American Express card, but it was worth it.
A click emanated from the speaker above her head. "This is Jacques Menard, captain of Air France flight 21 to Charles De Gaulle. We're on schedule for an on-time arrival at 7:15am tomorrow. I'm going to lower the cabin lights now. Please enjoy your flight."
She finished the last of her drink. Reclining further in her seat, she pulled her blanket over her shoulder, shut her eyes, and tried to sleep, but her thoughts kept turning to her upcoming mission.
Her biggest concern was her initial encounter with Farwan. She'd run through the plan multiple times with Derrick, but the fact was that she had only an outline. There were too many variables in his response to cover every contingency.
Finally, the gin began to kick in, and she felt drowsy. Her last thought was of breakfast. Air France served an elegant one. Too bad her breasts were still undiminished in size, despite losing more than a pound in the last three days. Now she wouldn't get to eat any of it.
* * *
After arriving at Charles De Gaulle airport, Amanda took the train to the left bank. Seeing she had time to spare, she took a leisurely stroll through the lovely Luxembourg Gardens before heading toward Farwan's apartment building, just off Boulevard Saint Germain. Periodically, she caught glimpses of the Gothic spires of Notre Dame in the distance. She'd been to Paris before, but she loved its history and sense of style, and she felt exhilarated to be there.
Later, she found Farwan's building, and eyeballed its perimeter before going inside. As she'd hoped, the elderly, nearsighted concierge mistook her for Gabrielle. Amanda didn't linger, giving a friendly wave as she breezed past and climbed the narrow stairs to the fourth floor. Farwan's apartment turned out to be the last one, at the end of a serpentine corridor.
It was now mid-afternoon, and there was no sign of the other residents, but she made a minimum of noise as she picked the lock and opened the door. The studio was even tinier than she expected, with just a small bed, a dilapidated armchair, and an ancient TV. In one corner stood a water-stained table with a hot plate, an electric teapot, and a single chair.
Inside the miniscule closet that passed for a bathroom, there was a rudimentary shower. After her long journey, she would have liked to wash off, but Farwan could arrive at any time. She settled into his armchair to wait.
By the time she heard his footfalls in the hall and his key in the lock, it was evening. Her eyes had adjusted to the dark, and there was enough streetlight spilling around the edges of the window shade for her to see. Silently, she rose and stood behind the door.
As soon as he stepped inside, she put her hand over his mouth and pushed the door closed. "Stay quiet," she said to him in Persian, with her arm tight around his neck. "I don't want to hurt you. Nod if you understand."
He seemed to be hyperventilating. He nodded rapidly.
She'd known he was diminutive, and slightly built, and now he trembled in the face of her superior height and strength. She relaxed her grip, then pushed him towards the armchair.
"Who are you?" he managed, still trying to catch his breath.
"Call me Gabrielle," said Amanda. He flinched when she said the name.
"Why are you here?"
"You're going to take me back to Iran with you next week."
He looked baffled. "Why would I do that?"
"Because you're seeking a divorce from Daria, but your imam back in Tehran is beholden to her family and refuses to grant it. I can help you with that."
She stepped over to her carryon and pulled out a folder, from which she withdrew a paper and held it up. "This is a divorce, signed by your imam here in Paris. And here is a letter giving his approval for you to marry me. And here is a copy of our official certificate of marriage."
His voice became strident. "Who are you?" he repeated. "I don't want to marry you." Then he looked at the marriage certificate and began to sputter. "But this says Gabrielle Vernier."
She pulled her passport from her carryon and held it open. The name read GABRIELLE VERNIER. But the picture was Amanda's.
He shook his head. "Why do you pretend?" Then, "Has something happened to her?"
She pulled the wooden chair from beneath the table and sat down facing him. "You're attending the Symposium on the Evolution of Nuclear Reactor Technology in Tehran next week, right?"
"Of course. I'm delivering a lecture there, as I do every year."
"I need to be there. You're my entry ticket."
"What possible interest do you have? Wives aren't even allowed to attend the lectures."
"But they can attend the welcome reception."
He was still for a moment, then rose from his chair. "You're a spy. You're probably not even French." His lip curled. "I'll never help you. Kill me if you like."
Amanda stood and stepped toward him, and he shrunk back again. She put her hand on his shoulder, and he tensed visibly.
She spoke in a gentle tone. "Your son, Ibrahim, finished his bachelor's degree in finance at Columbia last May. He got top marks, and even before he graduated, he received a job offer from Goldman Sachs, but he hasn't been able to obtain an H1B work visa. Meanwhile, his student visa expired. He's now in New York illegally, without any income."
She brought out a surveillance photo. "This was taken three days ago. Look how haggard and skinny he is. He's also about to be evicted from his apartment."
She touched his hand. "Let me help you. I can get him a green card, so he can remain in the U.S. permanently. Goldman has rescinded their job offer, but I'll ask them to renew it. And Ibrahim would have you to thank."
Farwan began to weep. "He asked for money. He begged me. But I didn't have it. His final semester took the last of my savings." He collapsed into his armchair.
"Ibrahim will be fine." Amanda pulled her chair closer and sat down again. "You also asked about Gabrielle."
Farwan sat up straight.
"She's been detained. Right now, she's on her way to Guantanamo Bay. Don't get upset, she's being treated well."
"She's done nothing wrong." He wiped his eyes, and his strident tone returned. "Guantanamo is a prison. People are held forever without trial."
"That's true. But Gabrielle will get special treatment. Better food, comfortable clothing, a real bed. I've arranged access to a computer, and you'll be able to correspond with her through a cutout. She can continue her studies and complete her degree."
Fresh tears filled his eyes. "We need to be together."
"Once our business in Tehran is concluded, she'll be released, and you can begin your life together. We'll give you new identities, and obtain employment for you both, either here in Paris or in the U.S., nearby your son. Your choice. Of course, all of this is contingent on your full cooperation, starting now."
"And if I don't cooperate?"
"Ibrahim will be deported and permanently barred from the U.S. Gabrielle will be placed in a standard cell with no amenities or communication privileges. You'll return to your post in Tehran, but I'll turn over evidence of your adultery to your dean at Amirkabir University. You'll lose your job. I'm not sure what VAJA will do to you."
His face darkened, and he scowled back at her for a moment, but then he became more thoughtful. A full minute ticked by before he spoke again.
"You're asking me to commit treason."
"Yes."
"I'm a patriot, and an honest man. I want nothing more than for Iran to have her proper place in the world and be respected by all nations."
"Yes."
"But I don't have a choice, do I?"
"No."
After several minutes, he began to nod. "Ok, I'll help you." Then a smile crept over his face, and he took her hand. "Does this mean we're legally married?"
She bit her lip, then nodded and looked away.
"You even cut your hair like Gabrielle." He dropped his gaze to her jutting breasts, prominent beneath her thin sweater, as though he was seeing her for the first time. "But your body is different."
He leaned in, until their shoulders touched. He brushed his hand across her chest, then gripped her breasts with both hands.
She stiffened.
"You're my wife now. You have to let me."
She met his eye as she held his wrists. "Just because we pretend to be married doesn't mean we have to maintain the charade in private."
"I want to see your body. Get undressed."
She nodded, her lips pursed, eyes downcast, but she made no move to obey.
He raised his voice. "Do what I say."
She winced. After a moment, she stood and peeled off her sweater. Drawing in a breath, she unbuttoned the waistband of her tailored slacks and slid them down her legs. Seeing no obvious place to hang them, she left her clothes crumpled on his dusty floor.
He sat quietly, watching her, unblinking.
Facing away, she unfastened her bra and let it fall, then dropped her panties, feeling his eyes follow her every move. Turning back, she stood beside his knee, her arms folded beneath her breasts.
Farwan stared at her cleft from close range. He ran his hand up the inside of her thigh, nearly to the top, then back down, repeating his touch on her other thigh. The third time, he went higher, and when he traced her labia, she sighed and moved her feet apart to give him access. He continued, circling her entrance without going inside. After a moment, she bucked her hips.
"Get on the bed." He began to remove his own clothes. "You took my Gabrielle. You think you can take her place, but you can't. I'm going to fuck you every day until you give her back."
She stepped to the bed and sat down, then swung her legs up and laid back, resting her head on his thin pillow. A moment later, he pushed his narrow frame between her knees and penetrated her.
He allowed only two strokes for her to stretch and lubricate before his movements became urgent, then frantic. As he pumped her, he made no expression of pleasure, or any other sound. Scarcely a minute later, he withdrew and rolled to the side, finished.
He sat up only long enough to take the pillow from beneath her head, push her toward the edge of the narrow bed, and raise the sheet and blanket over his shoulder. Curling around her, he threw his leg over hers and put his hand on her breast. Then he slept soundly, as though he hadn't a care in the world.
Naked, with only a corner of the sheet to cover herself, she eyed her sweater, then spotted her panties on the floor nearby. As if sensing her intent, Farwan tightened his grip on her breast and murmured something unintelligible into the crook of her neck.
On the floor beside the bed, a small digital clock read 11:24. Back home, it was late afternoon. She was wide awake, even though she'd only slept four hours on the plane.
In her head, she went over the plan she'd reviewed so many times before. Tomorrow morning, she'd leave a code in chalk on the corner lamp post to let Derrick know she'd successfully contacted Farwan, and he'd agreed to help her. Then, while Farwan was proctoring the final exam for his seminar on safety systems for nuclear reactors, she would visit the Iranian Embassy to apply for an entry visa.
That still left time to put their remaining affairs in order before their flight to Tehran.
* * *
When Amanda and Farwan finally arrived at his home in Tehran, she had only two days to orient herself and acquire some essentials before they left for the Symposium, which was being held at the Grand Ararat Hotel in an upscale neighborhood on the north side of the city.
To the welcome reception, Amanda wore a stylish manteau in a vivid shade of teal over loose-fitting black cotton pants, which she'd purchased in the market the day before. With her matching teal and white checked scarf partially covering her hair, she stood out amidst a sea of men in somber dark suits and jackets.
There were a few other wives in attendance, but most of the scientists and professors were accompanied only by their colleagues. She knew there were also two or three female scientists present. However, as she scanned the nearby faces, she focused on the men, comparing each to the profile pictures she'd studied.
Despite her thorough preparation, she felt anxious. This was the most challenging phase of her mission, and the stakes were high. A mistake would squander months of effort by dozens of experts, and if she were apprehended, she would be tortured, then executed.
She wished she could have a stiff drink. However, no alcohol would be served, tonight or any other night. Even so, she needed to circulate. She wended her way through the crowd toward a man serving non-alcoholic beverages.
On the way, she spied Mahmoud Azizi, one of her targets. Even at a distance, his long, flowing white beard, stooped shoulders, and visible paunch were unmistakable. However, his advanced age and poor physical condition made him her least appealing option, particularly when she considered the range of intimacies in which they would engage. Her experiences with senior CIA officers had not increased her attraction to older, obese men. She turned her head and continued to the beverage server.
"One sharbat-e zaferoun, please," she said in Persian, ordering a popular Iranian drink made from basil seeds, sugar, saffron, and rose water.
"Make it two."
The voice came from behind her, and it coincided with the touch of a hand to her waist. She turned and came face to face with a striking young man. With his square jaw, green eyes, and bronze complexion, he was classically handsome. His wavy, jet-black hair was complemented by a luxuriant mustache and a small goatee. She knew him instantly.
Among her designated targets, Reza Ghaderi was one of the strongest prospects. As an engineer, he oversaw the conversion of uranium hexafluoride gas back to solid uranium metal, a critical step in the enrichment process. He was the only conference attendee whose office was on the same sub-network as the centrifuges. And as a single man, he was deemed more susceptible to seduction.
This was her opportunity.
"I'm Gabrielle." Boldly, she made full eye contact with him for a long moment, knowing that she was being extremely flirtatious. She felt her cheeks redden.
He held her gaze. "I'm Reza." When his eyes shifted, it was to sweep them over her body.
From her neck to her wrists and ankles, every inch of her was covered, and her loose-fitting garments revealed only a hint of the shape of her body. Yet she felt his scrutiny as though she were naked.
I'll find out soon enough whether he finds me attractive, she thought to herself.
"I've never seen you before. I'm sure I would remember." With his hand beneath her arm, he pulled her aside, then let his hand linger at the small of her back, shielding his inappropriate touching from view with his own body.
He handed her the drink she'd requested. "What university are you with?"
She looked left and right, and saw the other men nearby were absorbed in conversation. Across the room, Farwan was engaged in a spirited debate.
"I'm not a scientist. I'm married to Farwan Isfahani."
He smiled. "I attended Farwan's lecture last year. It was tedious. I'd have paid more attention if I'd known he had such a beautiful wife. How long are you married?"
She looked away. "Six days." Around her, the crowd stood elbow to elbow, waiting for drinks.
He smirked. "And already you flirt with strangers." He put his hand on her butt, rucking up the back of her manteau, splaying his fingers, gauging her firm roundness.
She resisted the impulse to squirm out of his grasp. This is what you wanted, she reminded herself.
But they were in public. People would see. She wanted to slap him and play the virtuous woman, but the fate of the entire mission hung in the balance.
Furthermore, she was no longer virtuous. Not by a long shot. She clamped her jaw shut.
He'd disposed of his drink, and now he relieved her of her own. They'd abandoned any pretense of conversation, and now they attracted glances from bystanders. Hopefully none of them had seen Reza's hand.
She leaned in and whispered in his ear. "We can stay here and tease each other, or we can go back to your room and you can fuck me until I can't walk."
He removed his hand from her bottom, and she quickly pulled down her manteau. He took her arm and began to pull her toward the exit, but she stopped him. "Tell me your room number. I'll meet you there."
He turned his head, saw two men watching him, and saw the wisdom in her suggestion. "Room 721."
When he'd gone, she recomposed herself, then scanned the room for Farwan. He hadn't strayed from his original location. Another scientist had joined him, and he continued to gesticulate, chopping the air as he made his point. He's oblivious, she thought, but still she detoured around him on her way to the exit.
When she reached Reza's room, he opened the door before she could knock, pulling her inside. As the door swung shut behind her, he was already pulling her manteau over her head, and she couldn't help grinning at his enthusiasm as she dropped her handbag and raised her arms. He yanked her cotton pants to her ankles, and she held his arm to pull them past her feet.
"Leave the shoes on," he said as he regarded her in her matching fuchsia bra and panties, and she smiled again, enjoying his attention. When she'd spotted them while shopping the day before, she had to have them. They were a European brand, one she hadn't worn before, but she was pleased with the fit and comfort. As to their sex appeal, Reza's reaction spoke for itself.
As he wrapped his arms around her from behind, she reminded herself of her objective. She spotted his laptop, open on the small desk, its power cord attached, a screen saver flickering over the display.
Sooner or later, he would have to go to the bathroom. It would take less than a minute to retrieve the flash drive, insert it, transfer the file, and return the drive to her handbag. Until then, she could enjoy herself.
Reza caressed her breasts through her bra, then sprung the catch and cupped her pliant mounds, capturing her hard nipples between his fingers. She moaned and turned her head, seeking his lips with her own, and he responded, pushing his tongue into her mouth.
He squeezed her breasts harder and pulled on her nipples, and she grasped his thumbs. "Don't leave marks." She didn't want to explain them to Farwan. No man wanted such an obvious reminder of his wife's infidelity, not even when she was a stand-in for the woman he loved.
Reza bent his neck to bring his mouth to her breast, and she sighed. It had been months since she'd felt such desire for a man, and longer since she'd enjoyed the ministrations of a generous lover. He nipped lightly at her nipple, and she thought, he may be young, but this man is no stranger to a woman's body. She felt a familiar stirring deep inside her belly.
He bit harder into the side of her breast, and she cried out. "No marks," she repeated, sure the impressions of his teeth in her flesh would be unmistakable, as she ran her fingers through his hair.
He threw her down on the bed and pounced on her, leaving a trail of bites down her body. "Farwan is old and feeble. He's a failed scientist and a poor teacher. He doesn't deserve such a woman."
As he peeled down her panties, she rolled her eyes. Reza was more skilled in bed than Farwan -- though that was a low bar -- and undoubtedly, he had a brighter future. But she suspected he considered her a trophy to lord over his peers.
He kissed her labia, then began to explore her with his tongue. She exhaled, letting him push her thighs further apart, and she whimpered as his finger slid inside her. He began a steady rhythm with the tip of his tongue, circling ever closer until he homed in on her clitoris. Using two fingers, he slid in and out of her.
Her climax came abruptly, and it was shattering. She wondered if it was his technique or her desire for him. The tension from her dangerous mission probably contributed.
Earlier, Reza had been very physical, easily lifting her to move her to the position he wanted, and when he climbed atop her, she expected his forcefulness to resume. As she spread her knees wide and lifted her thighs, she anticipated a battering, so she shifted herself away from the heavy wooden headboard and gripped a wad of the bedclothes in each hand.
However, she saw little of the desperation he'd shown earlier. Instead, he used care in penetrating her, and he moved his hips artfully, achieving a steady rhythm that spoke of restrained power. Sliding his hand between their bodies, he used his thumb to massage her clitoris. At intervals, he kissed her mouth, while still maintaining the cadence of his thrusts. Again, her tension began to build.
His own excitement also climbed, and his movements quickened. He struck the backs of her thighs with greater force, and the bedframe began to creak in time with their coupling. He bent his mouth to her breast, and when he raised up, he bit her lip. She raised her chin, and he bit the side of her neck.
She thrashed, and he grasped her throat. She put her palms to his chest, and he leaned forward, putting his full weight on her. Then his thrusts came rapidly, with force, and the headboard swayed until it struck the wall. As her climax approached, she contracted around him, and he slammed into her with all his strength. He brought a second hand to her throat, and as he tightened his grip, she found she couldn't breathe.
She reared up, and his arms bulged as he held her in place. He pummeled her relentlessly, and her mouth worked as she reached her peak, but the only sounds were the thumping of the headboard and Reza's loud groans as he spurted his seed into her belly.
Finally, he released her and sighed as he flopped onto the bed. She touched her throat, exploring the sore spots beneath her jaw, and imagined the incipient bruises. Lower down, she felt the indentations left by his incisors.
She touched his shoulder. "You can't choke me like that. I couldn't breathe."
With affection, he brushed her hair back from her forehead. "You can breathe now." He leaned over and kissed her.
She got up and visited the bathroom. When she returned, she expected him to get up, and she eyed her handbag, but instead he flipped on the TV. He changed the channel, and a recording of a World Cup match appeared. Italy was playing France in the championship game.
She'd enjoyed the sex with Reza. It was easily the best of her life. But despite the feelings that clouded her thinking as her eyes wandered over his naked, perfectly muscled body, she hadn't forgotten her objective.
Was he ever going to get up? Even if he didn't shower, it would take him at least a minute to pee, and that was all the time she needed.
Disappointingly, he seemed to be in no hurry. He watched the game closely, grumbling when the officials failed to call a penalty against Italy.
"You know that's a recording, right? Haven't you seen it before?"
He nodded without looking at her. "Three times." But he cheered for France as though the game was live.
She glanced at the clock and saw she'd been gone two hours. Farwan would be looking for her. She had to get back. With regret, she glanced at the depression she'd left in the pillow beside Reza, then began to dress.
When she went back to kiss him goodbye, she was sure he'd ask her to return tomorrow. He kissed her warmly but turned back to his game without a word.
She descended to the lobby, then walked out to the street. Using a nub of chalk from her handbag, she wrote a series of codes on the hidden side of a nearby post. Zero-five, to designate contact with Reza. One-three, to show that Mahmoud Azizi was also at the conference. Two-one, to signify a successful seduction. Three-one, to show she made it inside his room. Four-two, stating she made no attempt to place the worm on his laptop. Finally, five-nine, conveying her intention to make a second attempt with Reza.
Minutes later, she found Farwan at a banquet table, finishing his dessert. Beside him, her own food sat untouched. He scowled at her. "Where have you been?"
She didn't respond. She realized she was very hungry. She bit into her chicken kebab, then drank a few swallows of tea, which had grown as cold as her entre. Minutes later, a waiter brought each of them a dish of faloodeh, a dessert consisting of vermicelli in a frozen syrup of sugar and rose water, but she didn't allow herself any.
On the far side of Farwan, the colleague with whom he'd been conversing excused himself and left. Amanda listened as Farwan attempted to resume an earlier discussion, but that man brushed him off. Apparently, her new husband was not as popular or well-connected as he claimed.
A short time later, they went back to their room. Amanda was keen to have a shower, and she hoped to slide into bed before Farwan spotted the bites and bruises marking her body. But before the door had swung closed, he had already grabbed her arm and begun haranguing her.
"I asked you where you were." He squeezed her arm until she grimaced.
"You don't get to ask me that."
He pushed her against the wall. "You're my wife. You'll do what I say. Now take that off." He slapped at her manteau with the back of his hand.
Her face darkened, and she leaned forward, thinking to challenge him, but she faltered when she saw the rage in his face. A moment later, her sense of reason returned, and she saw there was no profit in further antagonizing him. Open discord would only attract attention. Even if he was being childish, she needed to pacify him.
She pulled her manteau over her head.
"And the pants."
She slipped them past her hips and let them fall.
He pulled her away from the dim foyer and into the bright light of the bedroom. When he saw the trail of bites beginning at her hip, spiraling around her torso, disappearing beneath her bra before reemerging, leading up her neck to a matching pair of oblong bruises beneath her jaw, he squeezed his eyes shut and balled his hands into fists.
Her training kicked in and she sank into a defensive stance, but immediately she realized kicks and punches were not her best response. Better to face him directly, standing upright, appearing vulnerable in her flirty bra and panties, and let him imagine he had the dominant role. Any blows this scrawny, nearsighted academic managed to land were likely to be ineffectual.
The bureau lay close at hand, and he surprised her by flinging a solid plastic air freshener at her, which deflected off her shoulder. Alerted, she ducked the TV remote he aimed at her head, then turned to take his pocket calculator between her shoulder blades. Screaming, he overturned her carryon, which disgorged her travel hair dryer. Bending down, he hefted it, measuring its weight, then took a step toward her.
The appliance was compact but powerful and heavy, and its polycarbonate housing was hard, with sharp edges. It could cause her serious injury. From such close range, he could hardly miss. Still animated by cold rage, he drew back his arm, and she flinched.
He aimed for her center mass, and he threw well, with surprising force, but she managed to bob to the side and pivot slightly. The dryer struck her a glancing blow, just below her collarbone, then hit the far wall, where the corner carved an inch-long diamond-shaped hole in the sheetrock.
She put her hand to her chest, just above her left breast, and her fingers came back bloody. The wound hurt, but she knew already it was not long or deep. She pressed the heel of her hand against it.
The sight of her blood extinguished his anger, but when he approached, she stepped back warily. He held up his palms, then encircled her hips, pulling her in. Still skittish, she brought her elbows together, ready to protect her face with her hands, but he squeezed her shoulders, then stroked her hair.
He rubbed her back for a moment, but just as she expected, his affectionate impulse was short-lived, and a moment later he popped the catch on the backstrap of her bra and slipped his hands beneath the cups to greedily fondle her breasts, driven by his own urges with no regard for her comfort or pleasure. He showed no remorse for his aggression and took no further notice of her injury.
Reza had not spared her breasts, and soon Farwan's careless handling had them throbbing. Gently but insistently, she brushed his hands away until he sighed and dropped them to his sides. She inched back, corralled by the nightstand and the long edge of the bed.
He swept his gaze up and down, letting his eyes settle at the junction of her thighs. "Pull down your panties." He licked his lips.
She slipped her thumbs inside the elastic, drawing the waistband over her hips, pushing it lower until she dragged the center gusset down, then released the waistband just above mid-thigh, knowing from his expression she was showing him what he wanted to see.
His eyes lingered a long moment, and he sucked his teeth. "All the way down."
She pushed them past her knees, letting them fall to the carpet.
He pointed at the bed, then unhitched his belt and dropped his pants and boxers.
She climbed onto the bed and rolled onto her back, her legs crossed demurely, one arm across her breasts.
She watched as he moved to the foot of the bed. It had been nearly a week since she first laid naked in his bed, and she'd lost count of the number of times he'd made her remove her clothes, but he still looked at her body as if it were the first time.
So much for the real Gabrielle, she thought. The poor woman's body would never hold a candle to her own, even after her diet had trimmed five pounds from her own already svelte frame. However, she reminded herself of the difference between love and desire. She knew Farwan would never care for her as a person, no matter how badly he wanted to fuck her.
Dropping his shirt, he held his erection. "Show me."
She rolled her eyes, then drew up her knees and moved her feet apart, lifting her arm from her breasts.
He worked his hard cock with his hand. "Open wider."
She sighed, but slid her feet further apart, opening her thighs as far as possible. Before he could command her, she wet her fingers, ran her hand down her belly, and slipped her middle finger into her pussy. She adjusted the pillow behind her head, then began to rub her clit with her other hand. Opening her eyes wide and fluttering her eyelashes, she pouted at him through her open knees.
His body trembled as he stared intently at her pussy, and she thought he would cum right there, but a moment later he surprised her, moving around to the side of the bed and hopping up. She saw his face was flushed and his upper lip was damp. He reached out to seize her breasts, and she stifled a groan as he roughly twisted her sore nipples, oblivious to her discomfort.
A moment later, he released her, then swung his knee over her chest and leaned forward to put the head of his cock to her lips. With her head on her pillow and her arms pinned to her sides, she felt vulnerable, but when she clamped her jaw shut, he slapped her cheek. She looked up at his face and saw not fury, but the impatience of a man denied the submissive compliance to which he felt entitled as a husband. It reminded her of her training on showing proper deference to patriarchal Mideast cultures.
Reluctantly, she opened her mouth. He thrust his hips forward, distending her cheek, then laced his fingers through her hair and adjusted the angle of her head. His next thrust brought his tip to the back of her mouth, and as she coughed around the sides of his dick, she thought, good thing he's not any bigger.
He began the frenetic thrusting with which she was by now familiar, bumping the base of his cock against her lips each time, and she felt her saliva accumulating. But she knew he had a short fuse, and she fought against the urge to cough, not wanting to prolong the experience or further tax his patience by trying to make him pull out. She also knew that, from his position astride her shoulders, gripping her hair, he had the upper hand.
Thankfully, after another minute, she heard him inhale sharply as globs of his semen spattered her throat, and after that she only had to stifle her coughing for a short time before he withdrew from her mouth. She rose and went into the bathroom.
When she returned, he was asleep. Relieved, she found her panties and curled up at the opposite edge of the bed.
The next morning, Farwan left early to attend a lecture. Amanda felt well-rested, as she was finally becoming accustomed to local time. She enjoyed a room service breakfast of sheermal, a sweet pastry bread, of which she ate only a few bites, and a pot of tea. Then she had a leisurely shower, reveling in a rare taste of complete privacy.
At late morning, she went out, and as she passed the post outside her hotel, she saw an answering message. Zero-four, ordering her to seduce Mahmoud Azizi.
Shit, she thought, as she continued toward a nearby market. She really wanted to approach Reza again instead, for multiple reasons. If she could have explained, she'd have argued Reza's position on the centrifuge's sub-net was ideal. And importantly, he believed their encounter was his own idea. However, she was forced to admit Reza was extremely clever, and his unwillingness to leave his laptop unguarded might not have been an accident.
If she was honest, she also had to admit she'd enjoyed their time together a great deal, and she was eager to experience his lovemaking skills again, not to mention his charm and exceptional looks. She realized she'd allowed her personal feelings to compromise her objectivity.
The most important thing was to get the worm inside the airgap. Once on the Natanz LAN, it would replicate quickly until it reached the centrifuges. And Mahmoud was known to be doddering and flaky, so much so that he struggled to use his laptop effectively. Outwitting him would be much easier.
Surprisingly, his advanced age had reportedly not diminished his lustful pursuit of young women, and his behavior had become more brazen since his wife had passed away the previous year. His success had been limited, but this only increased his ardor and led him to pursue prostitutes. He hadn't recently had an opportunity to travel to his favorite bordello in Qom, so she could expect him to be horny as a hamster. She'd just have to avoid making him suspicious and hold her own revulsion in check.
Having reached the market, she made a show of perusing a few racks of headscarves and accessories, then purchased a bottle of mascara and an eyeliner pencil before heading back to her hotel. After passing through the lobby, she encountered a stream of men wearing conference name tags and realized the lunch break had just begun. She watched discreetly for Mahmoud but didn't see him.
She decided to skip lunch and walked toward the elevators. As she approached, the elevator door began to close, but a man put out his hand. However, the car was already filled. She was about to signal she'd wait for the next car when she spotted Mahmoud at the back, talking with two others. Impulsively, she stepped aboard.
The car stopped again at the mezzanine level, and two more men pushed on. She stood in the middle of the car, and initially, she'd managed to maintain space between her and the others, but now that became impossible. The second new arrival pushed himself backwards, and she found herself squeezed between him and the protruding belly of the man behind her, who she realized was Mahmoud.
He immediately noticed her, but his friend was the first to squeeze her butt. Then the car stopped again, and several men got out, leaving Amanda alone with Mahmoud and his two buddies. The same man squeezed her butt again, but this time she batted his had away.
"You didn't mind before," he said.
"Careful, Davood," said the other friend, "she could be someone's wife."
Mahmoud scoffed. "She's a whore, Mohsen."
Even though this conclusion played into her hand, Amanda's nostrils flared at the affront, but she composed a neutral expression before she turned and met his eye.
They arrived at Amanda's floor, and she waited a beat before moving toward the door. She wasn't surprised when the first man grabbed her wrist. As the doors closed again, she pulled her arm away.
"Sixty thousand tomans to take the three of us for the night," said Mahmoud.
It was a paltry sum, the equivalent of less than $20, yet Amanda knew this was a typical rate for prostitution in Iran. But still, by now she'd heard countless proclamations of her beauty, and seen the truth in so many men's expressions, suggesting she should be worth a large multiple of the average rate. She couldn't help feeling insulted.
She had to remind herself of her objective. She was here to commit espionage, not to maximize her profit from prostitution. Still, there was no need to compromise her safety.
"For that, I'll take only you, for an hour."
"All right," said Mahmoud, "but I get you for two hours."
She nodded and let him pull her toward his room.
He led her inside. "Take off your clothes."
She took her time stripping for him, as he watched closely. When she was completely naked, he gathered up her clothes.
"What are you doing?"
"Making sure you don't rob me and run out." He stuffed her clothes inside his suitcase, locked it, and put it in the closet. Then he disappeared into the bathroom, emerging naked a moment later.
He sat on the end of the bed. "Give me a blowjob."
She knelt at his feet, bent beneath his massive belly, and took his cock in her mouth. He was slow to respond, but even so, it took her only minutes to make him cum.
He rested for a minute, catching his breath, then struggled to his feet with a groan and headed for the bathroom. He didn't close the door, but as soon as she heard the water running, she stood and carefully opened the closet. The door creaked loudly, and she froze, then scurried back to the bed, but when the water stayed on, she returned to the closet, unzipped his valise, and removed his laptop. Unfolding it, she placed it on the bureau, inserted her flash drive, and hit the power button. The screen came on for a moment before going dark again, and she heard the hard drive spinning as the worm copied itself onto the laptop.
Someone pounded on the door, making her jump. For a moment, she vacillated. The copying wasn't yet complete.
The pounding came again, and she heard Mahmoud calling out to her. "Answer the door."
"I can't. I don't have any clothes."
The water turned off, and Mahmoud came out in a huff, dripping wet, wearing only a towel, and opened the door. His annoyance vanished when he saw his two friends, Davood and Mohsen.
At the sound of their voices, she shut the laptop and placed a newspaper over it, then retreated further into the room. A moment later, they were both inside.
There was nowhere to hide. As they both stared at her, she shivered and crossed her arms over her body, trying to control her rising panic. "Give me my clothes," she said to Mahmoud in a high voice from the corner on the far side of the bed.
"Lie down on the bed and open your legs," said Mahmoud. "You still have an hour and a half of work to do."
This was exactly the scenario she'd sought to avoid. She was strong, but his two friends were young and fit, and there was no way she could fight off the three of them. Once they'd overpowered her, they could do whatever they wanted. She could scream, but she'd heard no activity nearby, and anyway, her cries were likely to be ignored.
There was no escape. She was going to get fucked.
She shook her head, but Davood and Mohsen were already moving. They each took an arm and pulled them away from her body. As she struggled, Davood took her breast in his hand. Mohsen ran his hand up her thigh to her crotch.
"No," she said as she thrashed.
"Hold still," said Mohsen as he spread her labia apart.
She gyrated her hips, and he lost his hold on her crotch. She aimed a kick at his balls, but he turned away in time.
"Bitch!" Together they hauled her onto the bed.
"No," she yelled again, still trying to pull free. Mohsen grasped her wrists and held them together over her head, and she kicked out at Davood as he mauled her breasts. Then he pulled off his pants and underwear and climbed on top of her. She continued to struggle, but he rolled his weight onto the inside of her thigh, pinning her leg.
Now she was helpless. She looked up at him, poised above her with excitement in his eyes and a satisfied smile on his lips. He's going to do it, she thought. He's going to fuck me, and I can't stop him. Her face burned, and her eyes filled with tears.
She watched him spit into his hand and wipe his saliva onto his cock, and felt him press his knob between her labia. Then he pushed his hips forward, and he was inside her.
Then his thrusts came quickly, and hard, and as the impacts marched her across the mattress, she tried to distract herself by studying the pattern in the plaster ceiling, but the weight of his body commanded her attention, as did his pungent odor and animalistic grunting.
Unable to deny the reality of his cock inside her, she told herself it wasn't so bad. She'd taken so many men's dicks during her habituation. As Davood continued to fuck her, she remembered a few of the more unpleasant encounters. She hadn't serviced any of them by choice.
However, none of those men had physically forced her. This time was different.
She squeezed her eyes shut and tried again to transport herself to a different place and time, but repeatedly the raw sensations dragged her consciousness back to the present. Her mind was every bit as imprisoned as was her body. As she grasped that fact, panic and fear consumed her.
Davood climaxed and rolled off her, and when Mohsen released her hands, she tried to scramble away, but again the two men overwhelmed her. Now Davood took her wrists and held her down as Mohsen removed his pants and penetrated her. Her cheeks wet, she lifted her chin, trying to turn her face away from him as he began to deliver his own relentless pounding.
Her sustained, interminable struggle finally exhausted her, and she let herself go limp. Terror gave way to acceptance, and with it came a recognition of her own part in this outcome. She'd chosen NCS with full knowledge of her role. This mission had been assigned, but she would have volunteered if asked. She wanted to avenge her father's death, and to do so, she'd signed on as a whore. Her wages were vengeance rather than currency, but a whore was still a whore.
And whores got fucked. Each person had their role to play in life, and her role was to be a beautiful, desirable hole, into which men poked their dicks whenever they got the urge. Nothing more.
Her country's future was also at stake, and her own wishes and dreams were no longer of any importance. She'd sold them all, along with her body, and her soul.
Therefore, the rage beginning to boil inside her was misdirected. The two men delivering this endless fucking were just dicks with bodies attached, doing what dicks were meant to do. This entire situation was her own choice. Now she'd decided she didn't like it, but she had nobody to blame but herself.
Not long after she reached this conclusion, Mohsen reached his climax, and finally the two men released her. Mahmoud had long since finished his shower and dressed, and now the other two put on their pants and left for their afternoon seminars without a moment's concern for her or an iota of shame for their behavior.
"I have a meeting too. You need to leave," said Mahmoud, holding the door open for her.
She still lay on her back, naked, legs splayed, semen oozing out of her onto the coverlet. After a moment, she found the energy to sit up. "Give me my clothes."
He reached into the closet and removed her manteau, pants, and lingerie from his suitcase. He dropped them on the floor in a tangled heap.
She rose from the bed, feeling each movement as she bent to retrieve her things. Returning to the corner of the bed, she used the coverlet to wipe away the worst of the mess between her legs, then pulled on her panties. She took her time with her bra and outer clothing, hoping for an opportunity to retrieve her flash drive, but Mahmoud never looked away.
When she finally stood up, he took some folded bills from his pocket and pressed them into her hand, then ushered her out. He headed for the elevator, and she walked more slowly, letting herself fall behind. As soon as he rounded the corner, she doubled back to his room, picked the lock, collected her flash drive, and placed his laptop back in its case.
With a sigh of relief, she pulled the door shut behind her and made her way back to her room. Thankfully, Farwan had not yet returned, so she had time for a long shower. When she emerged, it was only 6pm, but she went straight to bed.
The following day was the last day of the conference. In the morning, Amanda remained in bed until mid-morning before summoning the will to shower and dress. As she took the elevator downstairs and crossed the lobby, her shoulders slumped. She shuffled her feet and kept her head down. She couldn't escape the feeling that everyone knew she'd taken money to let three men fuck her.
They'd paid her only $20. She wasn't even a high-priced whore. Becoming a streetwalker would be a step up.
As her chin quivered, she stepped outside, and as she squinted into the bright sun, she felt fresh tears stream down her cheeks. She resolved that on her return to Langley, she'd tell Percy what happened. No doubt he'd blame her, but maybe she'd feel better after she took her punishment.
After drying her tears, she scrawled a new message on the post, advising Derrick of her success in seducing Mahmoud and placing the worm on his laptop. She had no prearranged codes for Davood or Mohsen, so news of those contacts would have to wait.
Farwan's presentation was in the afternoon, at a time when many participants had already gone home. While she waited, Amanda found a new message on the post, acknowledging her success and ordering them both to leave the country immediately. Amanda used the rest of the day to request exit visas and complete their travel arrangements back to Paris.
When Farwan returned to their room that evening, he sat down at the desk without acknowledging her.
"How did your presentation go?"
He kept his face in the scientific journal he was reading. "All right. There was hardly anyone there."
"We need to get an early start tomorrow. We have a 6am flight."
He put down the journal. "Where are we going?"
"Paris. My mission is over."
"But I have an important appointment with my department chair tomorrow afternoon."
"You don't understand. We're leaving the country. That's for your benefit as well as mine."
She softened her voice. "Did you decide whether you want to stay in Paris or go to New York? If you want to come to the U.S. with me now, I can make sure you clear immigration and take you to the man who'll provide your new identity documents."
"I want to go to New York. When can I see Gabrielle and Ibrahim?"
"I'll book us on a connecting flight from Paris to New York. You can see Ibrahim as soon as we arrive. But it will take a few days for Gabrielle to be released and brought to New York."
"Are you going to stay with me until Gabrielle gets there?"
She managed a smile. "No, I'm sorry, Farwan, I have to report to my leaders. But I'll make sure you're in good hands before I leave."
He nodded, then rose and reached out to lift the hem of her manteau.
"What are you doing?"
"If these are our last hours as husband and wife, I'm going to fuck you a few more times before we say goodbye." Pulling her manteau over her head, he cast it into the corner and jerked down her pants and panties.
She sighed and looked down at her clothes bunched around her ankles. She was still sore from the day before. Moreover, now that the end was in sight, she was eager to dispense with her wifely duties. But she wasn't surprised Farwan didn't feel the same way.
"What about Gabrielle?"
He looked away. "I have no intention of telling her about you." He unfastened her bra, then turned her and bent her over the edge of the bed. A moment later, he was inside her.
They had sex again two hours later, and afterwards she fell asleep. Then it was 3am, and they were hurrying to the airport. She didn't relax until they were on board their flight to New York.
* * *
Langley, Virginia, September 2007
Amanda sat in her oversize rolling armchair in the executive conference room, watching the senior leaders file in. The room was large, but obviously not large enough to hold the entire team for her recent Iran operation. She recognized Wilson among the new arrivals and gave him a discreet wave. He came over and took the seat beside her.
"Is it ok for me to sit here?" She didn't want to repeat her breach of protocol the prior month, but there were no smaller chairs against the outer walls.
Wilson waved his hand. "You're fine. You're the only junior staffer coming today. Special privileges for the woman of the hour. Don't be surprised if Derrick and the others have sour grapes later."
She nodded and twisted her pearls around her finger until it turned purple. She put her hands beneath the table. She still felt ashamed of her behavior in Tehran, and believed it was only luck that produced a favorable outcome. It was hard to accept the praise now being heaped upon her.
When all the seats were filled and a dozen others stood against the far wall, Lawrence Rudisil called the meeting to order. The lights dimmed, and he used his remote to display a web page. Then he split the screen, and to the left appeared an image of a middle-aged man. "Many of you already know David Katz from Mossad's Cyber Warfare team. Please go ahead, David."
"Thanks, Larry. Some of you may be aware that last week, Amanda Stevens successfully introduced our worm onto the laptop of an Iranian scientist, who carried it back to his office. From there it spread over the Natanz LAN."
When David said her name, Lawrence extended his arm toward her. Sensing everyone's eyes on her, Amanda blushed and looked at the tabletop. At least he didn't comment on my appearance, she thought to herself. Last time he called me a piece of ass and showed a picture calling attention to my breasts. It hadn't helped that she'd worn a tight blouse. Thankfully, she'd dressed more modestly today.
David acknowledged her with a nod and a smile, then clicked his mouse, and a graph appeared next to his image. "This is a real time tracker for the number of centrifuges in Natanz infected with our worm. As you can see, yesterday we passed 1,000 infections. We activated the worm at noon today, Eastern time, which is 8:30pm in Natanz."
He clicked his mouse again. "The yellow shading shows the number of centrifuges whose speed has been increased. And here, the orange shading shows the number of subsequent speed reductions, representing the second phase of the stressing of the aluminum tubes."
Amanda could see the orange shading began to appear at 2pm, and it had quickly increased until it covered all the infected devices.
David looked into the camera. "It's now nearly 4pm at Langley, and approaching 12:30am in Natanz, so we should see the effect, any moment." A minute later, the tracker graph refreshed itself, and the rightmost bar now showed a slice in bright red. A minute later, a new bar showed more than half the infected centrifuges in red.
"Obviously, the red shading represents centrifuges suffering catastrophic damage. We're now at 672 centrifuges destroyed. Now 891. Now 1,026."
There were whoops and cheers from many of those around the table, and Lawrence began to clap. After a moment, Amanda joined in. She felt such a surge of pride in the team's shared accomplishment, she couldn't keep from grinning.
The applause and cheering grew louder, and she saw Lawrence step around the end of the long table. When he stood beside her, he motioned for her to get up, and after a moment of uncertainty, she rose. He pantomimed a high five, and she raised her arm and smacked his palm with her own. Then he hugged her, holding her body tightly against his chest for a long moment as she looked at the stranger next to her, pink cheeked. After that, it seemed everyone wanted to hug her, including several men she hadn't met.
When she finally returned to her seat, she noticed David Katz was still on the screen, waiting patiently. Lawrence noticed too, and he called for quiet. "Sorry David, I know it's very late there in Tel Aviv. Please continue."
David checked his laptop. "The counter has stabilized at 1,038 centrifuges destroyed. Let's call that the final number."
Lawrence nodded. "Any chance of getting any more?"
David shook his head. "We deliberately chose a time of day when their staffing levels would be low, but even so, they'll soon notice the damage. By tomorrow morning at the latest. At that point, pandemonium will break loose. They'll call in their experts and shut everything down until they find the worm."
"I understand. Thanks, David, for staying up to brief us. Please pass along our gratitude to the rest of your team. Amazing work." With that, he severed the connection, and the meeting broke up.
* * *
One Week Later
With a screech from her tires, Amanda turned her Mercedes into the parking lot of a nondescript office building in Tyson's Corner. Her dashboard clock read 7:05pm, and she stifled a curse. Stepping out of the car, she slammed the door and scurried inside, trying not to trip in her four-inch spike heels.
Inside, the receptionist's window was dark, so she crossed the empty waiting room, continued down a short hall, and knocked on the door marked Dr. Underwood.
"Come in."
She entered.
He sat at his desk and continued to study a file for a long moment. His balding pate reflected the light of the large floor lamp. Finally, he looked up, peering at her over the tops of his spectacles. "You must be Amanda."
Her smile was forced. "Sorry I'm late. Thank you for making time on such short notice."
"On the phone, you sounded quite distraught." He waved her toward a long leather couch.
She sat down, then noticed the pillow with its white paper covering to her left and the clear plastic mat to her right. She bit her lip, then swung her feet up and reclined onto the pillow. Realizing the hem of her skirt was askew, she straightened it.
He sat down behind her head and opened his notebook. "How long have you had these nightmares?"
She wrinkled her brow. His voice seemed disembodied. She tilted her head back until she caught a glimpse of the top of his head. "More than a year. The past week, they're a lot worse. I'm hardly sleeping."
Why did I have to wear a V-neck blouse today, she thought. Sitting up was ok, but at this angle he could see down the front.
"More than a year. That's about the time you started at the CIA."
"Yes."
"Has your job caused a lot of stress, or triggered any internal conflicts?"
She nodded. "My duties often require me to compromise my personal values."
"I see."
Amanda thought he probably didn't see at all.
"What happened a week ago?"
Even with her head tilted back, she couldn't see his face. She was sure he was looking down her blouse, seeing the bare inner sides of her breasts and the edges of her black lace balconette bra. The black lace would give him the wrong idea. She pressed her palm to her chest.
"A week ago, I served my husband with divorce papers."
"Sorry to hear that. What grounds did you state?" He rose from his seat and began to pace.
"Mental cruelty. I'm letting him keep my townhouse, so I have to find a new place. All my personal items are in storage. That's why I had to wear this blouse today. It's the last one that's clean. I know it's inappropriate. Sorry. I think I'm babbling. Sorry."
"I see. Mental cruelty. We'll need to discuss that further. What else happened? Something the week before, perhaps?"
She wrung her hands. "I returned from a mission to the Mideast."
"I don't need to know where you were, or who you saw, or what information you collected. But tell me, did you experience any trauma?"
The leather upholstery felt cold against her bare arms and calves, and she shivered and wrapped her hands around her arms, then lifted her knees. "No, just, um, contacting targets and espionage stuff."
She reached her hand into the pocket of her skirt and fingered the folded Iranian currency Mahmoud had given her. She kept it there to remind herself of who she was.
He sat down at the far end of the couch. "What sort of connections did you make with your targets?" He met her eye for an instant, then lowered his gaze.
She looked up at the rectangular ceiling tiles. Some had brown stains from a long-ago water leak.
"Sexual connections." Her cheek twitched. "I reported three of them. Two were primary, and one secondary."
She squeezed her eyes shut. "But there were --" Her voice cracked. "There were two others I didn't report. Neither was approved."
His eyes flashed to her face, then dropped again. "Interesting. Tell me about those last two."
She realized he was looking up her skirt, and she gave a squeak and flattened the backs of her knees against the upholstery.
He saw my panties, she thought, and not just for a moment. She grasped her hem, pulled it taut, and tucked the fabric beneath her thighs.
I was careless, she thought. That was my fault.
Did I unconsciously want him to see my panties? she wondered. Her lower lip trembled.
Does he think I did it on purpose? Does he think I'm flirting?
Michelle told me he put his hand up her skirt. Am I hoping he does that to me, and squeezes my butt, and sticks his finger in my pussy, like he did to her?
He isn't attractive, but he has power over me. Do I want him to force me?
She realized he was speaking to her.
"Amanda. What's wrong? You clammed up, and now you're trembling. Are you crying?" He handed her a box of Puffs Plus.
Her face twisted in anguish. "I didn't mean for it to happen. I told Mahmoud I would only do him, not his friends. But both his friends came back later. Mahmoud had all my clothes."
She sobbed. "Mahmoud let them in. I was naked. I tried to fight them off, but they were too strong. They held me down, and they took turns fucking me. It went on forever."
She took another wad of tissues and blew her nose. "It was my fault. I knew they'd come back, but I let Mahmoud take my clothes. When they saw me, I just stood there naked and waited. I knew they wanted to fuck me, and I just let them stare at my breasts. I knew they could see my pussy too, and I just stood there with my legs apart. I knew they'd both lose control."
She took a deep breath and wiped her eyes. "I've got nobody to blame but myself."
He patted her knee. "Is this what the nightmares are about?"
She nodded. "I have two different dreams. In one, Davood holds me down and Mohsen fucks me. In the other, it's the other way around. Regardless, I always climax. And then I wake up, and no matter what pajamas I'm wearing or which panties I have on, I'm always touching myself." Her face went red. "I'm masturbating in my sleep!"
She put her hands over her face. "It's just like Percy said. I'm a slut, and a whore. I used my face and body to get their attention, and I let them look until they couldn't help themselves."
She shook her head. "It's always the same. Eventually, they can't take it anymore. And then afterwards, I sit there all shocked, with my hands on my cheeks, and say, 'How could you.' I call them brutes, and monsters, and pretend I had nothing to do with it. That's me, pure as the driven snow." She gave a bitter laugh.
He squeezed her knee, and this time he left his hand there. "So, this was not the first time it happened."
She scoffed. "It's maybe the first time they held me down and forced me after I specifically said no. But a lot of other times, I've --" She cleared her throat. "- I've gotten fucked when I didn't want to, but it's been part of the mission, so I haven't objected."
She swallowed. "Other times, I've had to offer myself to strangers, for my habituation training. For most of those, I didn't even want to take off my clothes, or have them touch me, much less let them fuck me, but I did, because Percy said it was for my benefit."
He nodded as he listened. "That sounds like a lot of sex involving reluctance or dubious consent."
She nodded, then turned her head to look away.
"How many times, do you think? Have you kept count?"
She bit her lip, then took a shaky breath. Just spit it out, she told herself.
"Forty-two."
"Forty-two times? Holy crap."
She shook her head. "Forty-two men. I didn't count repeats." She drew a breath. "And I didn't count blowjobs or fingers. Or groping. That would be a lot more."
"That is kind of a lot. Is that why you call yourself a whore, and a slut?"
She nodded. "It's my fault."
"Isn't it the guys' fault too?"
She gave him another bitter smile. "They can't help it."
She felt her composure cracking, her self-control slipping away. Her voice rose. "I mean, look at me." She rose from the couch and moved to stand astride his knee.
Her face contorted into a snarl, and she put her hands beneath her breasts. "Look at these tits." She hefted them, then grabbed the edges of her blouse and yanked them apart, tearing off the buttons and exposing her black lace bra.
She pushed her bra straps off her shoulders and yanked down the cups. She held her bare breasts in her hands and shook them at him. "Look at them. Watch while I wave them in your face. What man can resist the urge to grab them?"
She began to cry again. She turned her back, then gathered a wad of skirt fabric in each hand and jerked it to her waist. "Look at this ass." She reached back, wrapped her hand around the fullest part of her bottom, and jiggled it. "Look!"
She clawed at the thong of her black lace panties and wrenched them to her knees. "Look at this pussy." She bent double, bringing her face nearly to her ankles, and felt the blood rush to her head. Reaching between her legs, she found her labia and spread them open. "Isn't this a beautiful pussy? Isn't this just the way you men like it, all wet, and glistening, and bald, and pink, spread open, waiting for you?"
She turned to face him and raised her skirt again. "All the guys say my pussy is beautiful." Hot tears streamed down her face as she thrust a finger deep inside herself. "Don't you think so?"
She flopped back onto the couch, opened her legs wide, and fucked herself rapidly with her finger as she rubbed her clit with her other hand. "Are you going to fuck me now? Don't you want to fuck me? Don't you want to own my hole?"
Lying on her back, she looked up at him, and her mouth twisted into a grimace as her shoulders shook. "I'm a slut, and a whore, and a fuck pig. It's all I'm good for. And it's my own fault. I did it to myself."
Dr. Underwood just sat there, staring at her pussy. After a long moment, he knelt on the floor beside her and took her breasts in his hands. 'My god. They're real. I mean, they looked real, but they're just so perfect. So soft, and firm." He kneaded them for a moment, then bent down and kissed each breast.
"Squeeze them harder," she said. "Twist my nipples. Hurt me."
He handled her roughly, just as she asked, and she groaned. He slapped her breasts repeatedly, further reddening them.
She whimpered. "Fuck me, Dr. Underwood. Please."
He stood, unbuckled his belt, and dropped his pants, then returned to the couch and knelt between her legs. As he leaned forward, she took his cock in her hand and guided it into her pussy. Wrapping her arms around him, she pulled him down until he was all the way inside her.
"Fuck me now, Dr. Underwood," she repeated. "Call me a slut."
"I'll make you my slut." He slammed into her. "You're my little whore now."
He lifted her calves and put his weight on them, pressing them down until her shins touched her shoulders. He began to fuck her forcefully. "You're such a filthy slut."
Bent double, she nodded as she squirmed beneath him. "I'm your hole now. It's all I'm good for. Fuck me harder."
A moment later, he grunted and came inside her, but he continued thrusting, working her clitoris with his fingers, and soon she reached her own climax.
Still panting, he rose, found his pants, and glanced at his watch. "We're about out of time for today, but I think we're going to need a few more sessions."