The Accountant Part 1: How We Met
_______________
A retelling of a true event.
_______________
One evening, feeling a little alone, rejected and horny, I was scrolling through an online social media platform for kinksters. If you aren't already familiar with it, it js a little like a typical social medi website but instead of people's profiles being full of what music and movies they like, it is full of their fetishes and turn ons.
I've been on this platform for a long time now, and have made some fun friendly connections, but have never been compelled to seek out locals or pursue any real life meets. However this night I had more questionable judgement and was feeling a deep yearning for connection and external validation. I found my local "Munch" group and began to browse the members. Sending a few messages and friend requests to those who caught my eye.
A week or two later an email alerted me that I had a new message in my inbox. It was one of the men from the local munch group. There wasn't much on his profile, he seemed to be local and had a few photos. He hadn't alluded much about what he was into beyond rigging. The subject line read "You follow me?" The message went on to query if we knew each other or had met previously. I explained what had been happening (although my feelings had somewhat diminished at this point), and we began to have a chat.
Our conversation took a turn when he revealed he had a tattoo of a local landmark. Bemused, I needed to see that. He suggested we spoke over WhatsApp, and uncharacteristically I agreed. I felt quite comfortable with him and my curiosity had been piqued. We continued our conversation and he sent me a photo of his tattoo, it did not disappoint.
Friendly conversation and getting to know each other ensued over the next few days. It transpired that he did not live locally anymore, but instead just under an hour away due to his work as an accountant. We asked lots of questions, nothing out of bounds. Apparently he had not really been active in the BDSM scene for some years, but instead had been swinging. We swapped our favourite erotica for each other to read, his a lengthy story on couple swapping at a cabin (although fun, a very difficult to read on a website), mine an audio from Litrotica's wonderful Bread_n_smut.
Excitement built as we realised our compatibility. I think it is fair to say we were experienced in different areas. I had spent a little more time in the kink community, whereas he enjoyed the exhibitionism and in particular, voyeurism of swinging and group sex. Our mutual excitement grew. One late evening I had a daring suggestion for him.
We were already mutually masturbating when I hesitantly suggested indulging my somewhat reserved exhibitionist streak, and his voyeurism. Firstly I wanted to know his experience of female ejaculation - it was limited. I asked if he would like to join me on a video call. No talking, but mutual masturbation. He quickly agreed.
I positioned my phone near the bottom of my bed, my heart racing. I was so nervous, but excited. We had exchanged (non-explicit) photos but a dynamic, moving person is a completely different thing. Let alone what we were doing. I called him. He had a serious, intense gaze, focused on the screen. I didn't give him the opportunity to see mine. Instead I lay back, legs spread wide and continued my masturbation. Fucking myself with my bubbled, iridescent glass dildo as my fingers deftly strummed my clitoris. My moans grew. I peeked and saw him still intensely watching me whilst stroking his cock. Fuck. I immediately shuddered into orgasm. Withdrawing the dildo, my pussy gushed noisily and satisfyingly over the bed. Splashing well beyond the zone I had protected.
I ended the video call.
_______
He swiftly texted me, "Wow. That was even hotter than I thought it would be."
"Yeah, sorry," I replied, slightly abashed, "I didn't think I would cum in approximately 5 seconds!"
He teased me in return, "If that had gone on a little longer, you might have seen me cum too. That's so hot. I wish it was all over my cock."
"Apparently I like being watched!" I fired back. "You're pretty cute. I'm one orgasm down and hornier than when I started."
His final words just tipped me over the edge, "Feel free to get back on that call. I'd love to finish whilst watching you."
______
I called him back. When he answered I just watched him for a minute, he was still stroking his cock, but our gazes had changed to bashful, lust-filled smiles. Then our masturbation continued in earnest. I orgasmed another two times in less than 10 minutes. He reached his own conclusion the first time I squirted again. Our call dissolved in heaps of post-orgasm giggles, high on the endorphins.
Our follow up messages afterwards confirmed our desires, as we lavished each other in compliments. I think this was when it was obvious our journey had only just begun.
The following night we spoke some more. When he mentioned he was again pleasuring himself, I asked him if he would show me. He obliged, waving almost shyly at me as he entered the call. Then quickly wanking himself to orgasm. He came on his naked stomach, scooped some up with a finger. Then looking directly at me, sucked it off, finishing with a big grin and a wink.
Holy shit. This was one of the best things I had ever seen.
This guy was adorable. Attentive, kinky, friendly, good-looking and had an amazing smile. My desire was leading me to places and decisions I wouldn't typically consider.
We began to discuss arranging a one time only meeting. Although I had some hesitations from a safety perspective, he quickly reassured my concerns, having answers for all my queries. He suggested booking a room at some sort of mutual halfway point. Quickly a glamping pod around 35 minutes from each of us was booked. Simple but afforded us privacy and meant just a few days away in chilly December we would be unlikely to have any neighbours to disturb.
In the meantime we continued to talk, getting to know each other better. We had some non sexual video calls to get a little more comfortable in each other's company before meeting. We also of course had all the vitally important pre-sex admin. Discussing birth control, sexual health, any strong desires, and any limits. Again we synchronised, our hard limits aligning perfectly, and my soft limits immediately accepted.
And so it began.