Lecky's was really busy on a Tuesday night. The local Jaycee organization held a meeting on Tuesday nights and there was always a crowd. I worked my ass off. Naturally, the cook's wife had their baby on Tuesday afternoon and one of the waitresses called in sick. I had to work as pizza chef and occasional waiter and cashier. The only positive thing about it was the Jaycee crowd tipped like a mofo and I made over two hundred dollars in tips. I stopped by the ATM at the campus bank on the way back to the dorm and deposited the entire amount.
I liked to deposit my tips after work because I'd had money disappear from my dorm room on a couple of occasions. Naturally, I suspected Randy who acted mortally wounded when I asked if he knew what had happened to the four hundred dollars I'd left in my desk drawer. He reminded me he was studying for the ministry and I know I looked at him like he was crazy. Did he really think I'd swallow the idea ministers were above theft? I realized I was never going to get that money back and any further inquiry was a waste. From then on, I deposited my tips in the ATM after each shift only keeping a few dollars pocket change for snacks.
When I came into the dorm room, the overhead light was off. The bathroom light served as a night light. I could tell Joe Tom was sleeping from his steady breathing. All I could see of him was the black hair on the back of his head. I felt the frustration of wanting to crawl in his bed and fuck the hell out of his ass. Instead, I took a shower. I let the shower beat into the top of my head until I felt the tension begin to leave me, then I began to slowly jack off my cock with sudsy shampoo. It felt so good to fuck my dick into the warmth my hand. I closed my eyes and stood there fucking my hand rhythmically until suddenly my balls pulled tight and I felt the pulsing cum flow hot into the palm of my hand. Still, I stood there and let the water flow over my body. I felt a breeze and heard bathroom door close quietly. Had Joe Tom caught me masturbating twice in one day? I dried off and walked naked into the bedroom. Looking over at Joe Tom I could see he was no longer under his covers and was now on his back with his eyes closed – seemingly asleep. He was dressed in light blue long pajamas and looked so perfect.
I walked to my bed and picked up my fresh underwear. Joe Tom might wear pajamas but I only wore them when I went visiting to someone's house and it would be rude to walk around in underwear. I'd never had to share a bedroom with anyone else until I started college. Having my own bedroom I'd just slept in my underwear. Randy also had slept in his underwear. Looking at Joe Tom in his pajamas I knew I wasn't going to wear pajamas because he did. He'd just have to look at my ugly hairy male body in underwear.
The next morning I got up at 6:00 AM and took a shower. Joe Tom came into the bathroom and peed as I was drying off.
"Morning, Marc," he yawned. "I didn't hear you come to bed last night. I was exhausted from the stress."
"Yesterday was stressful for you, Joe Tom?" I asked sarcastically. "What happened? Did you lose your notebook?"
Joe Tom looked more serious than I expected.
"Goddamn right, it was stressful, Marc! I feel like I've enrolled in a mental asylum, not a college. My teachers are ALL assholes except the coach and he doesn't want to be bothered. Without you here, I'd go postal!"
He stormed out of the bathroom with his cock still hanging out of his pajamas. Naked and drying off with my towel, I followed him into the bedroom. He stripped off his pajamas and underwear, throwing them into the wall like guided missiles. He stormed into the bathroom and slammed the door with a deafening bang. Thank God the door was steel in a steel frame set in cement! The shower started and I heard him cursing. I walked to the door to listen for him jacking off but was stunned to hear him crying. Had I not been listening at the door I'd have never heard his tears.
I wanted to go in and comfort him but I knew better. Men cry in the shower for privacy and not to be comforted. The last time I cried in the shower was when I overheard my Dad sobbing in the shower after the courts ruled that he was financially responsible for the building failure and we lost our house. I'd never heard Dad cry and I was scared. But later that night Dad acted as if nothing had happened. It's the way men handle grief. I'd never seen Joe Tom show the slightest sign of emotional weakness and I wondered what really was going on in his life.
Joe Tom came out of the shower, quiet and withdrawn. He was as beautiful as ever and looked like a naked Adonis. He bent over to pull on his boxers and flashed me his tiny pink asshole surrounded by thick black hairs. I realized he'd spoken and I hadn't responded. He slapped the side of my head and giggled.
"Hey, moron, are you in there? Are you going just stare at me getting dressed or are you going to come back to Earth and talk to me?"
I looked into his merry eyes and he seemed like the same old Joe Tom. Whatever had occurred, he must have resolved it in his shower crying session.
"Sorry, man," I replied. "I was just thinking about my classes this morning and wondering if I want to brave the dragon and skip chapel today. I've got a physics lab today and it's a real bitch."
"Fuck that, dude! Today is my FIRST motherfucking chapel and if you don't go with me then I'm skipping, too. After yesterday, if I skip chapel, I'll probably get kicked out, particularly since I seem to be pissing off loads of people." Joe Tom laughed bitterly.
I grabbed up my 8:00 AM textbook and papers.
"Let's go, Joe Tom. Time for breakfast and of course I'll go to chapel with you. We just need to arrange to meet somewhere before we get there because it's a shit storm with people pouring in to take all the seats. If we go in separately we'll never be able to sit together."
"Fine," he replied. "You tell me where we're to meet and remember that I don't even know where in the fucking hell the chapel's located."
I laughed. "It's in the main auditorium on the second floor of the administration building. You'd know where if you'd attended orientation."
"Is that the building where the registrar's office is located?" he asked.
"The same." So you met the registrar, did you?"
"O, yeah," he moaned. "I met the bull dyke cunt. I almost went across the counter and beat the shit out of her."
My laughter rang across the lawn. "You met Sherry Powell, all right. She has that affect on everyone who meets her. It's like she's permanently on the rag. I stay away from her office so I don't kill her."
Joe Tom smiled. "Not YOU, sweetheart. I can't imagine you ever being angry enough to kill someone."
He was joking around again and seemed like his old self. We got the same breakfast and sat at the same window table. There were only a few people in the dining room.
"What's up with the vacant dining room, dude? I bathe. I know it is not because my feet stink that no one's here. Yesterday there were loads of people in and out of here." Joe Tom looked around the dining room.
"On chapel morning, the Bible classes have a prayer breakfast in the chapel by the lake sponsored by local Baptist churches. I was dragged to one and I've never been back. The only thing I can say about it is the food was really good."
Joe Tom grinned. "I could use a decent breakfast. You sure you don't want to go just for the food?"
I laughed. "Knock yourself out. I'll meet you for chapel."
"That bad, huh?"
"The morning I went some man fell out on the ground jerking like he was having an epileptic seizure and started speaking in tongues. Randy and I had a huge fight because I refused to go again but the college only requires ministerial students to attend the prayer breakfasts. Never again, my man, never again."
Joe Tom giggled. "I wonder how they'd take to a Jew attending. I've never heard anyone speak in tongues. LaShaka, one of the guys on the Albany High football team was Pentecostal and he used to talk about all the stuff that goes on in their churches." He threw his head back and laughed. "I swear, during the time we were in school LaShaka got nine girls pregnant, the first when we were in the sixth grade. I didn't fuck my first girl until I was in the ninth grade."
"Sixth grade?!"
I guess I was too loud. People stared at me.
He snickered. "You Yankee boys are so, what's the word..., repressed."
I gave him an eat shit look.
"Not repressed. Just not like barnyard animals."
He laughed. "I take it you're still a virgin?"
"Go to hell. I screwed my first girl in eighth grade."
Joe Tom busted up laughing. "Don't even try it, dude! You're lying. You'd need photographs and a notarized statement for me to believe it!"
I was caught up in his laughter. "Believe what you choose, Tommy boy. I'm not one to kiss and tell. I just was giving you a bit of information for comparative purposes."
Joe Tom totally lost it laughing. The few people who were in the dining room turned to look at us and they smiled, too. I could see the looks in their eyes as they admired the beauty of this gorgeous creature that was Joe Tom. Guys like him walk through the world with people fawning at their feet. They just accept it as their due.
I grabbed my tray. "Let's go to class, sport, before people here start thinking you're on drugs or something." I couldn't help giggling at him.
We went to class.
After class we met for chapel services. As usual, the front and back rows were already full. We sat in a middle pew. Suddenly, the organist and pianist began to play together and a pastor instructed us to open our hymnal to 'He Lives'. People began to sing lustily and happily. I had to look away from Joe Tom to avoid breaking out in giggles. He was totally lost.
After a couple of songs, the pastor – who was also a Bible instructor at the college – began his sermon on the evils tempting the students at the college. It was the usual litany of drink, drugs, sex, stealing, cheating, and then he set in on homosexuality. Two male students had been expelled the previous day after being caught in the library bathroom sucking cock through a glory hole. The pastor could barely convey how horrified he was such a shameful thing could happen and assured us the hole in the bathroom partition had already been fixed and the repair costs billed to the parents of the two students. I could see Joe Tom shaking with silent laughter beside me. The girl on the other side of him gave us a dirty look and Joe Tom started coughing and raced out of the chapel. I stayed until the service ended. As we left, we filed past the tables where a group of students maintained a series of sign in sheets. You couldn't sign in until chapel service ended but I noticed Joe Tom's signature was already on his sheet. The girl guarding his alphabet section's sheet was cute. I could well imagine she was enthralled by Joe Tom and signed his name for him. I looked down the row of tables and saw Rebecca Knowles. Good thing he'd not been forced to deal with her or he'd have been charged as a non-attendee for certain.
As I walked out of the building I heard a whistle, the same whistle we used to signal each other on the football field. Joe Tom was sitting on a bench under a huge oak tree in the front park. The closer I got to him, the harder he laughed.
"I thought I was gonna piss my pants when that dude said they were charging the parents for the hole in the bathroom wall." Joe Tom laughed hysterically. "Can't you just imagine those two guys going into the library with a drill to cut a hole so they can suck dicks? Is administration here fucking crazy or what? You know someone else cut that hole out long before them. If I wanted to suck your dick I'd just take you back to my room. I goddamned for sure wouldn't tote a drill around to cut holes in bathroom partitions. This place is fucking insane."
We sat and laughed for about half an hour and discussed our class schedules and my work schedule. It turned out we could have breakfast, lunch, and dinner together every day except my work days when I had dinner at Lecky's while I worked. We were actually participating in the same sports and Joe Tom was joining our basketball team that day. He'd be playing baseball with us in the spring. He wanted to know the nights I went to the gym to work out so he could join me.
"Man, it's nice to figure out our schedules together and to know I'll have a buddy to spend part of my day with. And then we get to sleep together at night and talk over the day," Joe Tom said.
"Sleep with?" I raised my eyebrows. "I'll have you know you gotta buy me a few dinners and show me some respect before I sleep with you."
Joe Tom slapped me on the side of the head. "Keep wishing, dick wad. I'm sure that's your dream - to sleep with me."
I snorted. "Exactly whose dream is this? That sounded like a Freudian slip to me, Einstein. My virtue's not that cheap."
Joe Tom started laughing. "Virtue, did you say virtue? This from a moron who claims he screwed his first girl in the eighth grade? You probably fall in bed with anyone who pinches your ass."
"Oh, you think so, do you? Well, try pinching my ass and see what it gets you, Sherlock. Instead of a nice fuck you'll be seeing the school nurse about your broken nose."
I looked up to see the dean of students' secretary, Mary Taliaferro, coming across the park lawn, waving at us and calling to me.
"Don't look now, bad boy," I said, "but I think Rebecca Knowles has come home to roost."
Joe Tom stopped laughing and joking around immediately. He watched Mary coming toward us.
"Dean Wilson wants to see you two students," she said imperiously.
"Now?" I asked. "We both have classes beginning in fifteen minutes."
"I don't mean tomorrow," she snapped. "I mean NOW, as in get your stuff and follow me to his office."
"What for?" I asked.
"You'll find out soon enough," she barked.
"Well, I certainly hope he's planning to write excuses for missing class. I don't know about Aronoff's class but Dr. Mills expects me to participate in a physics lab today. I'm not taking a zero so I can entertain the dean."
Mary shot me a poisonous look and we walked in Dean Wilson's office. He was sitting behind his desk, pretending to read some document. He made us wait a couple of minutes before speaking.
"I'm sure you know why you've been called into my office," he said, looking at Joe Tom.
"I don't have a clue," Joe Tom said. "This is only my third day here but everyone's been so welcoming. I appreciate your personal attention. You're the first to offer a welcome to campus visit."
I nearly lost it. Joe Tom was mocking him but only I knew it for certain. Dean Wilson looked at Joe Tom suspiciously but he couldn't prove anything.
"I only wish it was a social visit, Mr. Aronoff," he said. "Unfortunately it has to do with your failure to follow established rules and regulations on campus."
"Which rules are you referring to, Dean?" Joe Tom asked. "If I've broken one, it has to be something I'm unaware of because I never knowingly break rules and regulations."
Joe Tom was smiling from ear to ear. I sat there waiting for the explosion.
"Mr. Aronoff, I've been told of your use of excessive vulgarity on the way to breakfast yesterday. This is a serious warning. We will not tolerate such language, particularly in front of Christian women."
Joe Tom looked confused. "I'm baffled, Dean Wilson. I'm not prone to vulgarity and I'm certain I would remember cursing in front of a lady. My parents taught me better."
Wilson was aggravated. "Don't toy with me, Aronoff. I have it on good authority you used extremely vulgar language in front of a Christian woman as you were about to enter the student center yesterday morning and this event is going on your permanent record!"
Joe Tom sat upright and assumed an air of outraged indignation.
"That's a vile lie, Dean, and I'm sick of being persecuted because I'm a Jew!"
Wilson's face crumpled a bit.
I decided to jump into the fray. "Aronoff is telling the truth, sir, I swear it! I was with him all the way from our room to the dining hall. He didn't curse in front of anyone – let alone a Christian woman. You've been told a lie and we're entitled to either confront our accuser or you need to drop this matter right now."
The dean gave me a dirty look. "Was I speaking to you, Taylor? I don't think I was. When I want your opinion, I'll rattle your head. And this is not a court of law."
Joe Tom snorted. "What kind of place is this? You think you can falsely accuse me on some trumped up rule violation and I'm going to just roll over and take it? This is not Germany in the 1930's. Jews don't line up in front of mass graves and wait to be shot in the head anymore! Do I need to call a lawyer?"
Dean Wilson clearly was shaken but was not ready to drop the matter.
"Rebecca Knowles is your accuser and she's the daughter of the minister of a Baptist Church in Savannah, Georgia. She has demonstrated sterling character."
I laughed derisively. "REBECCA KNOWLES??? If you think she has impeccable character she's really deluded you, Dean, or maybe you're just not as perceptive as you think you are."
"Who's Rebecca Knowles?" Joe Tom asked. "I've only been here three days and I've met a lot of people but no one by that name." He looked innocent.
Dean Wilson shot me a freezing look. "Young man, I'll have you know Rebecca's church is paying her tuition here based upon her good works in Savannah. She's donated her time at various charities since she was eight years old. With what evidence would dare to slander her good name?"
Again I laughed nastily and spoke harshly. "More evidence than you've got against Aronoff here. Rebecca Knowles is a liar, she cheats in class, and she's the biggest whore on this campus. She's better known as Rebel Ho. I guess when you look like a 300 pound sack of lumpy potatoes you have to give it away to get any from a guy."
The Dean slapped his hand on his desk. "You will substantiate that statement, Taylor, or I'll have you thrown out of this institution today!"
Joe Tom giggled. "Marc, is Rebecca Knowles that fat tramp that pawed me over on the way to breakfast yesterday? Is THAT who Rebecca Knowles is?"
"That's Rebecca Knowles, Joe Tom. You see what happened. I told you if you didn't take her up on her sex offer she'd get revenge. You shouldn't have laughed at her and asked her how much she'd pay you for a good time in bed."
Joe Tom was giggling like a maniac. "Dude, that fat ugly girl would have to put a sack on her head and even then I'd only do her in the dark for ten thousand dollars cash advance."
Dean Wilson's face paled slightly right in front of us. He looked a little green around the gills and I decided to take advantage of it.
"We'd like to confront our accuser, Dean. I want her to try to deny she grabbed Joe Tom's dick through his pants. She said she had a hot pussy for him to put it in. Excuse me, I mean penis and vagina, Dean. I really apologize. I just got so caught in our defense that I just repeated exactly what Rebel Ho said."
I put my hand over my eyes and lowered my head as if truly embarrassed. "She's a real piece of work, Dean. I was in chemistry class with her during the fall semester and I saw the girl cheating on exams more than once. It caught her in the end, though. She tried to cheat on her lab experiment and it backfired on her. She got a zero for her screw up and she flunked the class."
Dean Wilson looked distressed. I could tell he wished he'd closed his office door for privacy.
"You know how PK's are, sir," Joe Tom said. "Preacher's kids are known trouble makers. I usually run as fast as I can in the other direction the instant I find out someone's a PK. They cause the trouble and everyone else pays for it."
"Why don't you have Mary call Sister Knowles and let us confront her about her lies and her sexual assault on Brother Joe Tom?"
"Save you piety for chapel, Mr. Taylor. I'm the Dean of Students, not you, and I'll handle this delicate matter in the appropriate manner. Do I make myself clear?" Suddenly Dean Wilson was back on his self righteous soapbox.
"Oh, I see," said Joe Tom. "It's okay to call Taylor and me in here and chew us out with your secretary out there in her office listening to every word but you wouldn't want to do that to a fellow minister's daughter. I'm sorry, sir. You've got two people's word against one. A judge wouldn't hear your case in any court of law in the land."
"What Dean Wilson is trying to tell you, Joe Tom," I said mockingly, "is that Rebel Ho is the daughter of a minister of a large Baptist church in Savannah, a church that takes up a collection every service to send money to this college. The dean's not as much worried about our honor as he is about possibly losing the cash flow from Savannah churches."
The dean looked a little sick. "Please call Miss Knowles by her given name, Taylor. Using that vulgar nickname you have for her is grounds for me to write you up for improper language in my office."
"Let me make it clear to you, Dean," I said. "if you need further witnesses about Sister Knowles's character – or the lack thereof – all I have to do is walk across to Lecky's Pizzeria and have the entire staff testify. The staff at Lecky's gave her the moniker Rebel Ho, not me, and it was because of how she's always pawing the waiters over there. They don't complain because she's a big tipper. A BIG tipper."
Joe Tom started giggling.
"I'm sure the cook over there would enjoy describing how she moans and screams when he's screwing her. He's described it to us in the restaurant often enough." I cleared my throat loudly. "Sorry, sir, I mean engaging in intercourse with her. I should warn you up front to be prepared for a shock, though, if you want to interview the cook DeShawnte. He's a big black guy with a HUGE, uh, penis. He says she prefers black guys over white guys which may account for why you haven't had complaints about her sexual escapades before. I don't know if I've ever seen any black students at your institution here or for that matter, any black workers."
Dean Wilson looked like a man who's opened his cabin door in the woods to discover a monstrous hungry grizzly bear coming in for him.
"Gentlemen, I'm going to ask you in the interest of all that's decent to keep this interview between us. I'm going to have to proceed cautiously." He stood up to dismiss us.
I couldn't resist a final jab at his ego. "Well, if you'd like it to be confidential, sir, you should've closed your office door. Instead of embarrassing Aronoff and me you unleashed a whirlwind. You've got people waiting in your outer office along with your secretary Mary who heard every word. And she's a bigger gossip than Sherry Powell. The whole campus will know in a couple of hours."
Joe Tom and I stood up to leave.
"Oh, don't forget, sir, Joe Tom and I need excuses from you to get back into class and to be issued any makeup work required."
Joe Tom and I took our official passes and headed out before the dean could think of something else to complain about.
"I don't know about you, buddy," I said, "but I'm gonna forget about eating anything and get to class. I did all that statistics homework and I'm turning it in."
Joe Tom smiled at me. "Dude, when have I ever known you to miss a math problem? You're a math genius. The professor probably thinks you're a gift from god." He poked at my arm.
"I wish."
Joe Tom had a sociology text for his next class and looked miserable.
"You look like you've lost your best friend," I teased. "What's the matter, man, sociology is nothing but a crip course. Any idiot can pass that crap if they can stay awake in class."
Joe Tom groaned. "Yeah, well, you didn't piss off Dr. Brewer. He can be a real horse's ass. He made some snide remark about Jews killing Christ and that's why they're all going to be denied access to heaven. I pointed out I'm a Jew and I don't agree with or appreciate his comment. It sounds too much like Adolf Hitler to me. He got in a real snit over it. Actually, when Mary called us in to the dean's office today, I figured it was about Brewer."
I squeezed his shoulder gently. "Don't worry about it, Joe Tom. Brewer's a jerk but I happen to know he's fair and honest. I've seen him in action several times. He's touchy and doesn't like to be embarrassed in front of others but he'd defend your right to be a Jew to the death. He's a frustrated ACLU lawyer himself. I was told he had to leave law school in his third year because he got a girl pregnant and was forced to marry her. It was an awful marriage, they got a divorce, and he's been paying child support and alimony for years to a total bitch and a kid he hasn't seen years. The kid doesn't even send him a Christmas card. The mother moved to Oregon to get as far away from him as possible so he couldn't see the kid."
Joe Tom looked at me with surprise. "That's rough, dude, I had no idea."
"Almost no one does," I replied, "I only know because when I took his class there was a girl named Marcie in it that knows Brewer's parents. She told me in confidence one day after Brewer got in trouble fighting to save an illegal immigrant family. Marcie and I are good buddies. I'll introduce you the next time I see her. She's majoring in music and travels in different circles than we do."
"So how would you recommend that I act toward him today?"
"Like you would any day. Go in, smile, and say 'good afternoon, Dr. Brewer', and take your seat. He's the one who's been caught with his pants down making an inappropriate comment about Jews and he'll be forever grateful if you just move forward as if it never happened. Trust me on this. Brewer's not the enemy."
We parted ways and headed to our respective classes. Actually, I wasn't' sorry to miss the physics lab. My next class was gymnastics. I took this class at 2:00 PM on Wednesdays and at 10:00 AM on Saturdays. It was a class only for people who could pass a rigorous entry physical examination to prove that one had extensive prior gymnastics training. The coach never took newcomers in this class. There was an additional expense for the class that was not included in my regular scholarship tuition but I was willing to pay for it. It was designed as a special elective and we only had six people in the class. I've studied gymnastics since I was three in New York along with martial arts and taking this class was for me the equivalent of what eating comfort food is to some people. The class comforted me and gave me a feeling that everything was still okay in my life. I'm way too tall to be an outstanding gymnast but I still love it. I went to the class and was disappointed to discover today's class had been cancelled because the gym floor was being sanded in preparation for a new waxing and line painting. Apparently, they had intended to do this over the summer months but something had happened to create a problem that needed to be taken care of before the next basketball game. The gym would not be available to anyone for any reason – including the weight room downstairs - until the following Wednesday. I sighed in disgust and headed back to the dorm room. For the first time in weeks, I was going to be totally free for a few nights. I had to work at Lecky's tomorrow night but without the weight room I could just crash in the dorm room, do some extra studying, and maybe hang out with Joe Tom.
When I got back to the room, I just fell across my bed and fell asleep fully dressed. I didn't hear Joe Tom come into the room after his class. A couple of hours later, I awoke when I heard an odd sound. I peeped through narrowed eyes to see Joe Tom on the couch. He hadn't noticed I had awakened so I was able to stare to my heart's content for a few minutes. He'd changed clothes and wore only a pair of loose baggy shorts and was sitting on the couch in the most provocative position imaginable. He had drawn his knees up and his feet were on the couch. His chin rested on his knees and his hard cock poked out of the leg of his shorts. He had his eyes closed as he massaged his cock with his hand. He'd obviously been at it for awhile because his face was flushed and I could tell he was near orgasm. As I watched his cock suddenly erupted, spewing his cum on his legs and the leather couch. His eyes opened and he looked straight at me. He was embarrassed but reacted with his usual bravado. He slipped his gym shorts off quickly and used them to wipe his cum off his legs and the couch.
"So Sleeping Beauty finally awakens!" he grinned. "You were out like a light when I came in and I couldn't stand it. You know how boys our age are. I needed to cum so bad I thought I was gonna die. You were sorta snoring so I figured you must be stressed out. Too much stress makes me want to sleep it off like a drunk."
"Oh, yeah, Sleeping Beauty is awake and didn't even require the kiss of a prince," I joked. "You look chipper, Tommy boy. That jack off must have been very relaxing."
"You really think so, Kemo Sabe?" he snickered.
Joe Tom stood up and threw his shorts in my face. I felt his wet cum on my skin. A big glob of thick semen landed directly on my lips and I licked it off.
Joe Tom started laughing at me. "You like that huh? Okay, smart ass. Strip. I'm not gonna to be the only one naked in this room."
I feigned dismay. "Are you crazy, Tommy boy? Did I tell you to jack off in front of me while I was sleeping? Did I tell you I needed you to display your white ass to me?"
Joe Tom ran over to my bed. "I'll show you a white ass, boy!" he squealed with laughter.
And he jumped on top of me completely naked. My heart went to my throat. I made a show of protesting and fighting back as he pulled my shirt over my head. His cock bounced against my stomach. It was still dripping the remains of his ejaculation. He wheeled around and grabbed my head in his legs in a head lock and started to pull my shorts and underwear down over my legs. All the while his crotch was moving frantically in my face. I experienced brief moments where my nose was actually pressed against his rosebud asshole and his cock was pressed across my lips but his movements were so fast that it was the same as wresting – just with no clothes. Joe Tom had a full erection and I licked at it with my tongue though his wrestling movements were so quick I doubt he really knew it. He stripped me completely naked. Then he reversed himself and put me in a headlock in his arms. Our cocks pressed against each other and I could feel my cock in his pubic bush. I wrapped my legs around his ass like a wrestler and pulled him into me tight. He was still laughing and teasing me as he rubbed his knuckles into my scalp.
There was suddenly a loud rapping at our door and the knob turned. Thank God it was locked. Joe Tom jumped off me pulled his bathrobe from the closet. He threw mine to me. We rarely used bathrobes in the dorm room but they were required apparel for going to the college pool or in the dorm halls if you were naked. The college did not allow people to traipse around in bathing suits or naked.
Joe Tom opened the door. It was Lecky.
"I really hate to ask on such short notice, Marc, but do you think you could help out tonight? My daughter has been involved in a car accident so we're going to be four short tonight. I tried to call but your cell phone's not working. What do you think? I came over to ask before leaving for the hospital."
Lecky was obviously distraught.
"Sure, Lecky, you know I'll be glad to help you out tonight, in fact every night if you need me until you can get things cleared up."
"Thanks, Marc; you don't know how much this means to me and Carol."
Lecky eyes began to water and I knew that he might start crying and embarrass himself if I didn't take charge.
Joe Tom spoke up. "You don't know me, sir, but I've known Marc for a long time – since high school and he can vouch for me. I'm a pretty good guy and I'm honest. I worked at Arby's Roast Beef for three summers when I was in high school. I'd like to help out if you don't mind. You don't have to pay me but you said you're going to be four people short tonight. I don't know how to cook a pizza but I can promise you I know how to take food orders and wait tables."
Lecky looked at me. "Marc, I am leaving it up to you. If you vouch for him, then he's hired right now." And looking at Joe Tom he said, "Son, no one has to work for me for free. You'll make the minimum plus any tips you earn."
"Thank you, sir. My name's Joe Tom Aronoff and it's nice to meet you."
"I'm pleased to meet you, too, kid. My name is Lecky Eliopoulos, my wife's Carol, my daughter's Lynn, and my son's George." He turned to me and handed me the keys. "Marc no one outside my family understands the restaurant operation and the opening and closing procedures better than you. Thanks for doing this for me."
He turned to go but I stopped him. "Do you need me to open up at 11:00 tomorrow, Lecky? I will if you need me to do it. And is Lynn going to be okay?"
"Thanks, Marc, I know you'd do that for me and I appreciate it but I'll be there tomorrow. If not, I'll call you by 7:00 in the morning, okay? Lynn had a teenager run into her on his bicycle. The kid got killed and everyone who saw it swears it was not her fault. We're very fortunate that one of the witnesses was the sheriff himself. He was coming out of city hall and saw the whole thing happen but Lynn just went to pieces when she saw the kid had been killed. She's under sedation and Carol and George are at the hospital with her right now."
"It'll be okay, Lecky," I said, "go to your daughter and don't worry about anything."
Lecky left the fastest I've ever seen him moving and he was no slouch, obviously very concerned about his daughter. I turned to Joe Tom.
"Thank you for that, Joe Tom. It was nice of you to offer to help out. I know it could be an inconvenience for you and you don't have to keep it up in the future if you don't want to. No one, least of all me, will hold it against you.
Joe Tom slapped me on the head. "I was whipping your ass back there, dude. If we had the time, I'd totally finish it for your making such a stupid fuck comment to me. What makes you think it's inconvenient for me? I enjoyed working at Arby's and I'll enjoy working at Lecky's if he'll let me continue. I've always been a work/study kind of guy. No one should ever graduate from school without some real practical work experience."
He turned from me and threw his robe onto his bed. Again I got a look at that hairy ass that I'd just had my face in moments ago. He leaned over to get underwear from the bottom drawer of his dresser and I could see his big dark pink circumcised cock head swinging from side to side. I turned to get dressed myself and thought, 'Something's got to give here. We're either going to come together and fuck or I am going to lose control and tie him to the bed and rape him.' The thought depressed me. I knew I was falling totally in love with Joe Tom Aronoff and it was only the third day of our reunion after two years.
Joe Tom and I came in through the back of the restaurant. It was already busy and the three waiters were racing around trying to serve customers and handle everything else at the same time. The cook was juggling the varying menu items to keep them in readiness and one of the three waiters was busy preparing a huge bowl of the basic salad. Extra ingredients were not added until specified by the customer. That left one waiter full time on the tables and one confined strictly to the register. Lecky and Carol wouldn't hire someone who could not be trained to effectively run a cash register although 99% of the time the register is operated by Lecky or one of his family members. We waiters prefer it that way. First, if the drawer is short there's no question that a family member might have stolen money. It was clearly an accident. If a waiter has to handle the register and money's short, there's often the sense that the family thought the waiter was incompetent. Since I'd been there, no one has ever been accused of stealing money. Second, and more important, if you're working the register you don't get tips. I've made over three hundred dollars in one night on tips. We're not required to share our tips with the other waiters. Lecky and Carol were adamant that if a waiter was jealous of another waiter making more in tips then the jealous waiter needed to get his ass in gear and do a better job of making the customers happy. In theory, this is true. In practice, the water's a little bit muddy here. It is not just your ability to wait tables that garners your tips. You're at a tremendous advantage if you're a handsome stud that radiates sexiness and appeal. Then you get repeat customers who come in and ask to be seated at one of your tables. I'm not being vain here. I'm 6'7" tall, muscular, athletic, and very handsome. I know how to wear clothes that emphasize my best assets, among them a huge crotch pouch. I'm friendly, joking, and I know how to tease and entice men, women, and children so they enjoy me as their waiter. My competition is ordinary looking guys, not unattractive at all but definitely not material to fantasize and masturbate over.
Carol has told me more than once that in all the years they've operated the restaurant they've never had a waiter more successful than I am. She says the other waiters would probably kill her if she let me work every single night because I dominate the serving area on the nights I work. It would perhaps be humble of me to suggest that I was not aware of my appeal to others – sort of the 'aw, shucks, ma'am' approach – but I'm not that kind of liar. I discovered at an early age that I could get away with murder if I played up my sex appeal and being taller than the other guys often made me the center of attention. Other guys who share my luck will also know the permanent affect it has on a guy's ego when no one in any locker room he goes in ever has a cock as big as his. In my case, I've only found maybe three or four guys with bigger cocks than mine and Joe Tom's one of them. When we were horsing around naked today and he threw an erection in my face I could tell he has me beat by maybe an inch when he's hard but I'm thicker than he is.
Lecky has a nose for thieves and incompetents that would have qualified him for the CIA. He will not hire someone he doesn't trust but I'd been told about a girl that had worked there the previous year that started stealing regularly to feed a cocaine habit. She not only ended up fired but in jail. It was made even more scandalous when she accused both Lecky and George of fucking her after hours in the restaurant. We all knew that Lecky and George had a real passion for females and pussy. We could not understand why Carol put up with Lecky's carousing but we knew that it was the reason that after the incident with cocaine girl she refused to allow another girl to work in the restaurant. When a female applicant threatened to file a lawsuit against the restaurant and charge discrimination, Carol hired two girls, Ephelia and LaWanda, to the eternal amusement of everyone else in the restaurant. Both were black as coal and had about as much sex appeal as the lumps of coal they resembled and not because of their race. Ephelia was fat as the Pillsbury doughboy, probably in her mid twenties, on permanent cleaning detail and loved every minute of it. She was slow witted, I suspect retarded, with the brainpower of slug. Carol carefully doled out her the cleaning supplies to keep her from mixing the wrong things together and Ephelia kept the restaurant so clean the local health department said it was a model for other restaurants to follow. LaWanda was slender and could've been anywhere between her mid fifties and her mid seventies. She wouldn't reveal her age and the family was very secretive and protective of personal information about their employees. LaWanda was really good at her job which was to make the salads, manage the condiments and desserts, and help out with washing the dishes and cooking when needed. She was really a nice lady, a real character but she had a tongue like a razor blade when she was crossed or pissed about something. Carol gave LaWanda a lot of leeway in keeping the waiters in line. You couldn't come into the back and throw things just anywhere. LaWanda would tell you in a flash she and Ephelia were not bought on the slave block and they don't have time to wipe our noses for us, for us to put shit where it belongs. She'd call to a waiter headed back out onto the floor and tell him to get his skinny ass back here and clean his shit up right now, not later. At first, some of the waiters balked at her but Carol and Lecky backed her every time and as others complained to me my answer was always a standard response. LaWanda made closing out the restaurant at the end of the day a total breeze because you didn't have to go around cleaning up messes you should never have made to begin with and more importantly, you didn't have to clean up messes made by other people whose shift ended earlier in the day and left. LaWanda even flicked her whip over George and Lynn, both of whom resisted her and reminded her that their parents own the restaurant. She told them they should be ashamed of themselves for not setting the example they expect of restaurant employees. Lecky and Carol both jumped all over George and Lynn when they heard them arguing with LaWanda one day and told them to get their asses in order if they wanted to get paid. Neither parent was willing to cut their children any slack, both firmly believing that if the restaurant was survive a change of ownership to the children after the parents retired, then George and Lynn had to conduct themselves like professional restaurateurs, not a couple of spoiled kids.
I briefly introduced Joe Tom to the staff as a new employee hired by Lecky. I didn't elaborate on the circumstances of his hiring or his being my roommate. The others were glad to see me arrive and take over the register. They all knew Lecky had left me in charge and there was not the slightest bit of jealousy on the part of any of them. The other waiters were also college students. They had their class responsibilities and needed to make as much money as possible in as few weekly hours worked as they could possibly manage. DeShawnte was not interested in doing anything other than cooking and when the family was there they did the cooking when DeShawnte was not working. He was really more of a relief cook for them, particularly for Lecky. Carol was the primary register operator, followed by Lynn. George would help out in any area of the restaurant where he could see he was needed. He was not shy about working and when someone was pressed for time or behind in their work, George would suddenly show up at your side to help and he never asked for part of waiters' tips if he worked tables. In fact, he would tell patrons who tried to tip him to give the tip to their primary waiter. We all liked the family members and were smart enough to realize that we were treated well because we were expected to use our skills to always promote and improve the business of the restaurant.
It was a busy night and we fielded hundreds of questions about Lynn. We were in a small town. Everyone seemed to know about the accident and grieved for the teenager and for Lynn as well. There was talk about the teenage boy's judgment error in trying to cross the road in front of Lynn. He'd made a mistake and paid for it with his life.
After closing, Joe Tom and I walked over to the campus bank and I made the restaurant night deposit, then my own deposit of tips. Joe Tom watched me deposit my tips and asked me about it. I told him how several hundred dollars had disappeared from my desk kitty before I started doing my night deposits.
Joe Tom laughed. "I've heard gossip on the floor that you're tight as Dick's hatband with a dollar. Some of the guys think you're in desperate financial straits."
"I am in desperate financial straits. I'm the sole source of my own income and without my scholarship I wouldn't be here. That's why I can't afford to have my money stolen."
He patted me on the back. "Well, you don't have to worry about me, Marc. I'd cut off my own arm before I'd steal your money, dude, but I still think it's a good idea to deposit your money into savings. The other guys warned me things go missing in the dorm."
We reached our room and Joe Tom showered first. I needed to crap a load but felt I could wait until after his shower. He stripped naked, walked into the bathroom, and the shower started. Within minutes I knew I'd made a mistake. I had to use the toilet or shit my pants. I asked if he minded if I used the toilet.
He pulled the shower door open with shampoo in his hair. "Man, why would I care if you use the toilet while I'm in the shower? I already know you don't have a top secret way to piss I don't know about."
"I asked because I'm gonna shit my pants in about ten seconds."
He grinned at me. "Go for it, dude. It won't be the first time I've shared a bathroom with someone else shitting. People do it together in public toilets all over the world every day."
I dropped my pants, sat down, and the shit immediately began to drop out. I flushed to cut down on the smell. Joe Tom rinsed his hair and was standing in the shower watching me as I shit. I was embarrassed. In my entire life I'd never taken a shit while someone else watched me.
"Are you getting off on watching me shit, Joe Tom? You wanna jack off on me while I fart?"
I was joking but embarrassed.
Joe Tom reached over and tousled my hair with his hand. "It just adds to the degree of intimacy between us, dude. I'm beginning to know you better than anyone else in the world."
I started to giggle hysterically. "I'm not sure the degree of intimacy I want is knowing you've watched me shit."
I wiped my ass with toilet paper, stood up, and turned to Joe Tom.
"Look at my turds here, Joe Tom. Now you've seen it all. Even more intimate."
I continued to giggle and bent over, pulled my ass cheeks open, and said, "Look closely, you have now seen how my asshole works."
I felt an incredibly hard slap on my ass from his hand as he hit me.
"Clean up, boy. This has been interesting. It's progress."
He laughed with me and left the bathroom for me to shower.
When I finished showering, I went into our room and Joe Tom was sitting on the couch, still naked, watching a detective show. I hung my towel on the door knob and sat beside him. Inside I felt tense as if our nudity was going to betray my lust for him. I'd been naked with several guys in similar circumstances but never with one that I wanted to just jump on and ravish every crevice of his body.
"So what are we watching, Tommy boy" I asked, "other than our naked bodies?"
He leaned back and kicked me on my thigh with his bare foot. His toes brushed the head of my dick and it jumped.
"I didn't know you have hang-ups about nudity, dude," he said. "I'll get dressed if it bothers you so much but I see you're naked, too."
I huffed and blew out air. "I'm not the one who's squeamish about being naked, dude. You're the one. I seem to recall you telling me to put on some clothes to cover up my ugly naked hairy body."
Joe Tom made an exaggerated play at examining my naked body.
"Your naked body looks pretty handsome to me. I'm jealous of it to be honest. I wish I could look as good as you do. Sorry, dude, I was just yanking your chain because we were in a hurry. I actually prefer to be naked when I can. It's just I've never had the privacy to be naked anywhere except the locker room and in my own bedroom at home. At Auburn I couldn't walk around naked because my roommate was a goddamned prissy prude. I didn't realize nudity is an issue for you. Sorry, man."
I could see Joe Tom was sincere in his concern about my feelings on nudity. I wasn't so sure about his compliment on my body. How could he envy me? Maybe he needed glasses. He grabbed a couch pillow and put it on his lap.
"Joe Tom, don't be difficult here, okay? You've been sending out mixed signals to me since we first met. I guess maybe I am a bit gun shy after a semester here at Inquisition U. First you act like my being naked is repulsive to you. You act cool about catching me after I have jacked off and I wake up to find you jacking off in front of me. Then you watch me shit. I'm just not sure where you are at with our nudity and sexuality and I like you a lot. I don't want to jeopardize friendship with you and have you transfer to another roommate because I've done something wrong, man. You need to be clear about where we stand here. Not tell me one thing now and another thing in the morning."
I looked at him unsure of how he was going to take my outburst. He took the pillow from his lap and hit me in the head with it.
"I'm your friend, Marc. I'd have been your friend in Albany if you'd let me. I thought you hated me. That day in the mall as I was leaving I hugged you because I wanted to remember you as a friend whether you felt the same way about me or not. I felt we had a lot in common in Albany but it was not worth my pushing any harder to have you think you were being stalked by some crazy fucked up faggot." He grinned at me. "Don't think I am perving on you here. I just want us to feel comfortable together in any situation."
"Okay. Maybe I get it, maybe I don't. Of course, you're a few up on me here," I smiled mischievously. "You've watched me shit. I have a little catching up to do here."
He hit me again with the pillow. "Okay, smart ass, the next time I need to shit I'll call you to watch and hold my hand. I'll even let you wipe my ass with toilet paper if it'll make you happy. And you're making me miss my fucking show. I love this show so shut up now."
He turned back to his show. I sat there and looked his sexy naked body. I noticed a bruise on his ankle. The show went to commercial and I asked him what had happened to his ankle.
"I twisted it in basketball practice yesterday. Apparently, there's this place on the court floor that everyone else knew about but failed to tell me about. I caught my shoe on it and fell. The coach was really pissed off about the floor. He had an ape shit fit and insisted I go to the nurse but I swore my foot's okay. I guess all the standing up at Lecky's tonight aggravated it. Maybe tomorrow I'll let the nurse look at it."
"They've closed the gym until next week repairing the floor. I might have known you caused them to close the gym for repairs," I laughed. "Give me your foot. I've been massaging sore muscles and bones since I was about ten years old. I've got three athletic siblings."
"You sure?" he asked.
"My parents swear they're my siblings but I'm still not too sure about Alex. I think they found him in a cornfield. Just put your foot on my lap."
He kicked the shit out of my leg.
"Ouch, you motherfucker! That goddamn hurt! Obviously your tootsies are not too fucking bruised!"
He pushed back onto the arm of the couch and put his foot in my lap as I'd instructed. He wiggled his toes in my pubic bush. He pushed the sole of his foot against my dick and nuts.
"Am I doing it like you want, Daddy?" he grinned.
I gave him an eat shit look.
I moved his foot further down my thigh and massaged where the bruise was prominent.
"Does that hurt?"
He nodded. "A little. It's not like I can't walk on it."
I gently massaged his whole foot including his toes. His foot was so sexy and beautiful to me. I wanted to kiss it and suck on his toes but I knew he'd put his fist in my face instead of a pillow. I kept thinking of alligators eating queers in Okefenokee Swamp to control my erection. Our level of intimacy was closer than I'd ever dreamed possible but he still treated me as just another guy. Until he made the first open and clear homosexual move on me I planned to keep my dick in check. I looked over at him. He had his head turned toward the television and his eyes closed.
"Goddamn, that feels so good, Marc. Please don't stop. A bit of massaging over the next few days and my foot will be brand new. It already feels so much better."
I kept watching his face. His eyes were closed and his breathing shallow and fast. I was free to look at his body with his eyes closed. His cock was hard as a rock and I could see precum dripping from the tip. I realized I was about to bring this guy to an ejaculation. He was totally getting off on my massaging his big foot.
His cell phone rang and startled us both. It was his mother and he started chatting with her, telling her the news of being at Southern Baptist College of North Georgia. He'd look at me and roll his eyes dramatically every time he would say Southern Baptist College of North Georgia or SBNG. He was mocking the college and I wondered if it was obvious to his mother. Their conversation was going on and on and then his father got on. By this time I'd crawled naked into my bed and pulled my blanket over me. I was tired from an exhausting day and I fell asleep listening to Joe Tom laugh and talk to his family.
I awakened suddenly. I wasn't sure what had awakened me and I lay still in the dark, ready to go back to sleep again. The room was in total darkness on my side of the room, the reason I had switched beds when Randy left because I could sleep so much better in darkness. I heard a smacking sound again and I quietly turned my head toward Joe Tom's bed. He was naked and masturbating in the glare of the parking lot streetlight. I glanced at my alarm clock on my lamp table - 2:30 AM. I'd been asleep for almost four hours.
He was completely naked lying across his bed with a couple of pillows propping him up against the wall. I could almost see his pores in this light with his bed only four feet away from mine. He had his knees drawn up and his legs spread wide. His left foot braced his body on a pillow to better spread his buttocks. The forefinger and middle finger of his left hand rhythmically fucked his asshole going in as deep as he could get them. Every few strokes he would remove them completely and then suddenly push them in again. He obviously was using some kind of lubricant because I could hear the squishing wet sound his fingers made as he fucked himself. He was breathing hard. This boy really knew how to masturbate. He had his cock in his right hand alternately jacking it, playing with his balls, and pulling his fingers through that massive hairy pubic bush. Occasionally, he'd put his fingers in his mouth for moisture, play with his nipples, and then return his hand to his cock. Then he'd repeat the ball/bush/cock play. Sometimes he'd press his hand hard into his pubes or slap his cock against his stomach.
My cock went into overdrive. I was afraid to move or to alter my breathing because I'd startle Joe Tom and he'd stop this fantastic sex show. This went on for about ten minutes and then his breathing got really fast and he began to moan softly. His legs began to quiver and the fingers fucking his asshole increased their speed. The slippery sucking noise they made got obscenely loud. Then he grunted and the swollen head of his cock head shot out his cum. The first spurt hit him in the face, the next on his neck, then several places on his chest before finally drenching his pubes. All total, I counted nine huge spurts and at the end cum was just dripping over the edge of his piss hole onto his pubes. The thick black curly hair on his chest and stomach made the thick white cum more visible to me. In the midst of his ejaculations, my own cock began to shoot off its load without ever being touched and I sucked in air quickly. I had to fight hard to keep control.
Joe Tom's eyes opened and he looked right at me in the dark as if he could see my face. I knew from prior experience with Randy when he slept in this bed there was no way possible for Joe Tom to see my face or eyes to determine if I was awake. I looked straight into his eyes and I felt he was looking into my soul with his beautiful blue eyes. He grinned at me as if he knew I was watching and used his fingers to pick the sperm off his body. Then he'd bring his cum soaked fingers to his mouth and suck them. He made a smacking sound as he cleaned each finger and would grin over at my bed. I was being treated to a very special show. Somehow I felt in our silence Joe Tom was performing just for me. After eating a few spurts of his cream he cleaned his body with an athletic sock. When he finished, he threw it on my bed. It hit me in the face in the darkness. He smiled directly at me for a few seconds. Then he righted himself in the bed and lay down facing the wall so I could see his naked back and ass clearly. I kept watching him as I began to quietly suck the cum from his sock. There were thick chunks of his cum on the sock. It had the musty smell of his shoe combined with the overwhelming scent of cum. I sucked on the sock until I'd gotten all the delicious cock juice from it and was then just sucking the juice of the sweat from his foot. Then I quietly threw it back onto the floor between our beds. Yesterday I'd have been concerned about his finding the sock out of place from where he'd thrown it. Tonight I didn't care. I knew he'd thrown that sock to me because he knew I was watching and he was offering me his cum. If this was the closest Joe Tom could come to making love to me I was willing to accept it. For the second time in as many days I had enjoyed Joe Tom's sperm.
I woke to the sound of the shower. I looked down and it was obvious I'd ejaculated onto my sheet. I knew if Joe Tom had looked at me while I slept he knew I'd shot my load during the night. I also knew in my heart he knew I'd shot it watching his private porno show for me. I looked at the sock still lying on the floor between our beds.
I got up and walked naked into the bathroom to pee. As I opened the door I could hear Joe Tom humming a song under the shower and I had to laugh – 'Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head'. As I began to pee the glass shower door slid open. Joe Tom stuck his head out and glanced at my pissing dick.
"I heard you laughing, dude," he grinned. "You seem awful happy this morning. You have sweet dreams last night?" He looked at me with exaggerated innocence.
I broke up laughing. "I couldn't get over the humor of the song you were humming while showering. Raindrops were definitely falling on your head!"
He put his hand under the shower, filled it with water, and then threw it at my head. He repeated it several times as I tried to finish pissing in the toilet. In my effort to avoid his cold water my piss shot onto the floor.
He laughed. "You're gonna clean that piss up, dude, not me."
"The floor's already soaked from all the water you've been throwing on me. It looks like the sink overflowed in here."
Joe Tom stepped out of the shower and instead of toweling off he shook like a dog. His cock and balls flew from side to side enticing me. I was almost as wet as if I'd taken a shower myself. He grabbed his towel.
"The shower is yours, man. Try not to make a mess!"
He darted out to my yelling at him to go fuck himself. I heard him in the bedroom laughing gleefully as drawers opened. When I came back into the room he was dressed except for his bare feet. He was working at his desk.
Without looking up at me, he said, "I'll be ready as soon as you are dressed. When we went to Lecky's last night I forgot I had some analytical geometry homework to finish."
"You want me to look at it and offer my sage advice?" I offered.
"If you don't mind."
He turned in his chair and offered me the spiral notebook. I took it from him and placed it in front of me in such a way that it obscured my face from his view. I was still naked from my bath and I stood with my cock on inches from his face. I could feel his breath on it as I ran my finger over the page with his problems.
"They're correct except this one here." I leaned over his chair and put the notebook on the desk as I explained to him what he'd done wrong. I felt the head of my penis drag through the hair on his arm a couple of times but I pretended not to notice it as if I was enraptured in explaining this geometry to him. Joe Tom nodded his head that he understood and I turned from him to get dressed. His hand slapped my ass hard.
"Thanks, Marc, I can't afford to miss any math problems in this class."
"And I get my ass spanked for helping you, huh?"
I was already almost dressed.
Joe Tom grinned at me. "I'll show you a real ass spanking any time you're ready, dude."
"'Oh, promises, promises, that's all I ever get; I could write a country song."
Joe Tom laughed and patted me on the back. "I think you really have a wicked streak in you, Marc Taylor, a wicked streak that you try to hide from the world."
"That may well be, stud, but that streak is not into S&M."
He leaned close to my face. "Maybe you just haven't found the right master yet," he whispered in my ear.
"Fuck that master shit, dude. Maybe I just haven't found the right slave. If anyone is going to kick ass in a relationship, the kicker will be me, man."
Joe Tom leaned over and picked up the sock from last night's masturbation. He put it to his nose and sniffed, looking in my eyes as he did it.
"It's clean."
He grabbed the matching sock from under his bed and put them on, then a pair of loafers. He looked up and me and smiled mischievously. Then he walked out our dorm room door ahead of me.
"Like I said, Taylor, you've got something wicked in you trying to get out."
Archie Loomis and Lester Harper, two guys in our dorm were in the hall headed to breakfast and heard Joe Tom.
"You tell him, Aronoff. Taylor has a wicked streak a mile wide," Lester said. "His last roommate Randy was always trying to rope him into church."
He and Archie laughed together.
"He does need to spend some time on his knees in the chapel every day," Archie giggled.
I was locking the room door and I turned on the two of them.
"Screw you both," I said. "You two have calluses on your knees from kneeling and sucking each other's dicks every chance you get. The two of you probably drilled that hole in the partition in the library. I'll ask for religious advice from you two when the pope starts praying to Buddha."
I was joking and I knew there was no one else in hearing distance of my comment. Archie and Lester were two more non-Baptists in the dorm and always seemed on the borderline of getting expelled for one infraction or another. The problem for administration was the simple fact that everyone knew where there was mischief and mayhem Archie and Lester could be counted on to be involved. But absolutely no one ever admitted seeing anything or would testify against them. I'd partied with them in their room on several occasions with the door locked. Archie always seemed to have some marijuana to lighten the mood. They had a couple of pedestal fans to draw smoking odors out of their room through the window.
"You can see why Randy left school to go to the Peace Corps and do good works, Joe Tom," Archie rolled his eye heavenward. "He said he needed to purge himself of the evil one here. You've only been here a few days so you haven't had the opportunity to experience the depth of his sins. According to Randy, Taylor here broke the Guinness Book of World Records for masturbation. Randy said Taylor seems hopelessly addicted to the sin of Onan."
"You're so full of shit your eyes are brown, Archie. That weasel Randy had the sin of Onan on his fucking brain so bad he couldn't get an erection. I think the boy has talked himself into complete erectile dysfunction that no amount of Viagra can cure." I slapped Archie on the back of the head.
"Ouch," he whined.
"Shut up or I'll hit you again, cum rag," I grinned. "I was just trying to shake loose the cobwebs in your head so you can perform at your best in Bible class this morning. You do have Dr. Fernandez's eight o'clock class, don't ya?"
"We both do," Lester said. "It's enough to totally fuck up your day but like I told Archie, I'd rather make it the first class in the morning than dread it all day. Dr. Fernandez asked me yesterday to name three things that I am thankful to God for everyday."
Archie hooted laughing. "You know what this jackass told Fernandez? He said he was thankful to God that this college only requires one Bible class; that he's able to get it over early in the morning; and most of all he's thankful he doesn't have to take it from Dr. Hester. I thought Fernandez was going to have a seizure when everyone started laughing but that old cat started laughing himself. He told Lester that it'd do him good to take a religion class every semester and not to worry, one day God will seize hold of him and turn him into Oral Roberts. Dr. Fernandez said he'd pray for that."
We all were laughing.
Lester said, "I told Dr. Fernandez that if it's all the same to him I'd rather that he pray that I get turned in to Hugh Hefner instead of Oral Roberts. Now we're getting a test on Luke today."
"I guess you spent all night trying to understand the gospel of Luke," I laughed. "You don't stand much chance of learning that one overnight."
"I didn't have to," Lester said. "My Mama dragged me to church every time the doors opened while I was growing up. I've spent more time studying the scriptures than half these teachers here. Mama is a good Assembly of God member and those people don't do much of anything other than eating, praying, working, and sleeping. All my life entertainment in our house was listening to taped sermons."
"Ye Gods, Lester," Joe Tom said, "how come you're not a ministerial student with such a background?"
"Hormones, Mr. Aronoff, hormones," Lester replied. "My dick's too active to let my soul meditate on prayer, my son, unless the prayer book is balanced between two sweet 38 D tits."
We arrived at the cafeteria and went through the line. Today we all chose milk and cereal and went to a window table. It was fun to sit with Archie and Lester.
Louise, one of the cooks came over with some packets of sugar. I liked her. She was probably in her early forties and looked at SBNG with jaundiced eyes. This was obviously just a job to pay her bills, not a religious calling although she toed the line carefully to avoid the wrath of Mrs. Guinn, the cafeteria director, a woman definitely on a mission from above.
"Well, what have we here?" Louise spoke quietly, "It's the four horsemen of the Apocalypse all in the dining room at the same time."
We all broke up laughing.
"There'll probably be a prayer service in here after you guys leave to exorcise the demons. Old lady Guinn says the four of you should be thrown out of this school before you can infect anyone else. I think she gets a little crazier every day."
"Hold on, Louise," Joe Tom said. "This is my fourth day here. How can she decide I need to be thrown out when she doesn't even know me? I'm insulted."
Louise laughed. "Don't get your knickers in wad, pretty boy. Dean Wilson told us you're a Jew so she wrote you off instantly. She thinks anyone that's not Southern Baptist is corrupting the world, particularly Jews and Catholics. And she's going to be all over my ass for talking to you four."
"Tell her we had some questions for you about the upcoming supper menus," Lester said. "Tell her that I asked for her fix some Chinese food for a change – lemon chicken, egg drop soup, egg rolls and vegetable fried rice."
Louise giggled. "Oh, I can really see that happening, boys. The most foreign thing on Guinn's menu is Boston crème pie and she calls it Atlanta style Boston crème pie. Let me get out of here before she sends someone over for me."
Louise left as Rebecca Knowles and four other girls of her set walked into the dining room. Rebecca looked over to me and Joe Tom with an imperious shit eating smile.
"I guess Mother Superior Knowles has not yet heard that her fetish for black dick has made the campus hotline," Archie laughed.
"What?" I asked shocked that the news had already reached Archie and Lester.
"Oh, yes, boys," Lester sneered, wagging his finger at Joe Tom and me. "Don't play coy and innocent with us. The word on the vine is that prick Wilson hauled the two of you into his office yesterday after chapel. He was trying to get Joe Tom for cursing in front of Sister Knowles and you delivered the revelation she groped pretty boy's cock through his pants right here outside the student center." Lester pretended to be shocked out of his mind.
Archie started beating his head on the window saying over and over, "What are we going to do, Dorothy? What are we going to do, Dorothy?"
Joe Tom started laughing so loudly others started to stare at us.
"We need to get out of here before they call the police," I said. "If the four of us are sitting together and laughing the staff here probably think we've placed a bomb somewhere on campus."
We headed for class.
Lester and Archie were taking bets on how long it would be before Rebel Ho got the word that her loving black dick was common gossip. The two of them figured maybe noon today. I guessed maybe even be as late as tomorrow.
"Remember, guys, the good sister is truly formidable and not many people are going to approach her with the news."
Lester raised his hand toward the sky frantically. "I volunteer! I volunteer!" he yelled.
"I'd leave it alone if I were you, Lester," I said. "Dean Wilson's pissing his pants trying to find someone who'll testify it was you two that put sugar in the gas tank of his F150. That little stunt's gonna cost him thousands of dollars. Lecky said Wilson told him Monday he was looking to just sell the truck at a loss for parts and get another vehicle. Lecky also said he'd never met anyone who called themselves a Christian that looked like he was capable of killing whoever did it with his bare hands."
"I'm innocent," Lester said. "Watch my lips. I did not violate that truck. Do you hear me? I did not violate that truck." Lester was a good mimic and he sounded just like Bill Clinton.
Archie snorted. "Well, no one cares if you stuck your dick in the tailpipe and fucked it. What they care about is did you pour ten pounds of sugar in the gas tank."
Lester smiled. "My good man, how would you know the weight of the sugar bag unless you yourself did the evil deed? Take care with your accusations, Sherlock. There are those that might look to you as the culprit."
Joe Tom laughed. "Or more likely he held the bag for you while you poured the sugar in the tank."
"Careful, Joe Tom," Lester said, "people who are too smart sometimes lock themselves into jail cells of their own making. Surely you don't think people in the know on this campus are really going to think Rebel Ho grabbed your dick, do you? Everyone who knows what a slut she is also knows she ain't grabbing nothing but black dick."
"I hate to break up this hen festival," I interrupted. "Rebecca Knowles is known to pinch waiters' asses over at the pizzeria regardless of color. The girl seriously needs to be fucked with a cock two feet long and a foot wide. Then again, that might be too small for her."
"Has she ever pinched your ass?" Archie asked.
"Yeah, she has," I answered. "She could have sucked my dick right there in the restaurant for the kind of tips she drops. Her parents must have plenty of money to give her the kind of allowance to buy meals at Lecky's three or four times a week and drop tips that are sometimes almost as much as the total bill."
"Then why would she go to the dean and report you two for engaging in a vulgar conversation? If she likes you and gives you big tips why would she try to get you in trouble?" Lester asked.
"Truthfully, I think the girl has some serious mood swings. Maybe it's her monthly period. She's a vicious bitch all the time but periodically she's like a panther with fangs and claws. Lynn Eliopoulos despises her and would stomp her ass in the ground if she didn't give the restaurant such good business. One day, though, she is going catch Lynn on one of her 'on the rag' bad days and when does, Lynn'll beat the living shit out of her."
"Man, I'd pay to see that fight," Archie said. "So would probably most of the people here. But Lynn's a sweet girl, Marc. Rebecca's a bitch on wheels. It'll never happen. I just can't see Lynn doing it and since the accident where that kid got killed I think Lynn's gonna be even more unlikely to go after Rebecca."
"Who the hell knows, guys," I said, "you never know what women are going to do when it comes to violence but I do know that last semester Lynn came in with a black eye and scratches from a fight she had with another girl she caught fucking her boyfriend. She beat the pure hell out of the girl and the only reason she didn't get arrested was because they both ended up in the hospital emergency room getting treated for their injuries. Lynn had a black eye but the other girl had a broken nose and jaw."
We came to where we had to part to go to class. I arranged to meet Joe Tom for lunch in the cafeteria.
The morning was uneventful but lunch made up for the lull. Joe Tom and I were sitting at our table by the window when Rebecca Knowles started yelling at her table. I had sort of thought she might start crying and be afraid when she heard what was being said about her. I was wrong. She started cursing like a drunken sailor and marched over to our table screaming at us. She lit into Joe Tom.
"You lying motherfucking queer faced son of a bitch! You know goddamn well I never groped your little monkey dick! You fucking WISH I had groped your tiny weenie! You're a fucking liar and a piece of shit and everyone knows if you're hanging around with Marc Taylor he's fucking your ass!
Joe Tom laughed at her. "And how would you know about my little monkey dick if you hadn't touched it?"
Rebecca reared back and slapped Joe Tom so hard he nearly fell out of his chair. Then she took his food tray and hit him over the head with it. Before I could even move, she grabbed my food tray and smashed it into my face, then turned and hit Joe Tom over the head with it. I looked around the dining room. People sat in stunned silence. Dean Wilson was sitting with Dr. Fernandez and he looked paralyzed. The ladies of the cafeteria crew totally stopped serving. When Rebecca stepped back to hit Joe Tom again suddenly Archie and Lester seemed to appear out of nowhere and each boy grabbed one of her arms and threw her to the floor roughly.
"Woman, I think you missed your Midol pills this morning," Lester said laughing. "You need to settle down before you do some damage."
Rebecca started screaming and trying to get up. Archie kicked her hard in her side. "Stay down on the floor, fatso, or I'm gonna hurt you."
Lester took his cell phone out and called 911. He asked for armed police and for an ambulance. That was all it took to end Dean Wilson's paralysis. He jumped up and started yelling this could be resolved without the interference of the police.
"I don't think so," Archie replied. "Can't you see Joe Tom's bleeding on his face and so is Marc. I've got a scratch on my arm from this wild cat on the floor and you can bet I'm going to demand a tetanus shot. I may even need rabies shots. I demand she get tested for AIDS and hepatitis. She's probably got both from all that black cock she takes."
Rebecca grabbed at Archie's leg and tried to get up again. When he pushed her, she sank her teeth into his leg. Archie screamed and Lester kicked Rebecca hard in the stomach. She started to panic. Lester had kicked her so hard he'd knocked all her breath out and she couldn't breathe. About that time the police and EMT's arrived. Two EMT's administered oxygen to Rebecca and Joe Tom, Archie, and I were put in the back of an ambulance and taken to the hospital emergency room.
In the emergency room, we were seen and evaluated. Our cuts were superficial and there were no concussions for either Joe Tom or me. We laughed because Archie really did get a tetanus shot and a complete blood panel was drawn from him and Rebecca Knowles. After the doctors were through we were interviewed by the police. We kept our stories short and sweet, direct and to the point. I told Joe Tom it'd do no good to exclude our part in telling Dean Wilson about Rebecca because I had no doubt the dean had already told the story himself trying to pass the blame onto us.
We were released by two o'clock that afternoon with clear instructions from the doctors – we were to go back to the dorm and rest the remainder of the day and all of the next day. Since the next day was Friday, the doctors told us to rest over the weekend and not return to class or exert ourselves until Monday. There was concern that although there was no apparent concussion, we'd both received sharp blows to the head and it required a waiting period to make sure we were safe. We were given a couple of medications and told if we developed any headaches, blurred vision, or difficulty in hearing we were to come to the emergency room immediately. Lester drove us back to the dorm, joking with us all the way and telling us about the chaos that had ensued in the student center after we left. Dean Wilson had gotten smarmy about Rebecca and the police accused him of covering up for her since he seemed to be the only person in the dining room who didn't want to discuss her behavior and attack on us. The police made it clear they would be visiting the president of the college. As it turned out, we didn't miss our afternoon classes because the college cancelled all afternoon classes on campus. It seemed half the student body and about 75% of the faculty and staff was being interviewed by the police. An announcement was made that a decision would be made before five o'clock about whether or not the Friday classes would be cancelled. After being treated at the hospital for three broken ribs, Rebecca was arrested and guarded by two police officers in her hospital room.
We got back to our dorm room to find a message from Joe Tom's father. His maternal grandmother had died that morning. Jewish funerals are done as quickly as possible after death. Joe Tom was to come home at once.
"I'm so sorry, man."
I patted him on the shoulder trying to be comforting. He grasped my hand in his.
"Thanks, Marc. Granny was a really special lady. She was old but she was in good health. None of us expected this to happen so soon.
I could tell he was depressed over her death. He busied himself packing a quick bag. Like me, I knew he had plenty of clothes and personal items at home. Not a lot was required. He suddenly laughed and turned to me.
"In every cloud there is a silver lining, right?"
I looked at him uncertain of where this was leading.
"I've got a DVD player in my bedroom. When I come back, I'm bringing it with me and I'm gonna bring the trunk from under my bed. It locks and has my porn stash in it. We're gonna have a fuck party!"
He laughed and I just shook my head. Grief affects people differently.
END OF CHAPTER TWO