I never considered myself to be a nudist because since I was born, all I ever saw in our house were nude family members.
My name is John and I am 25 years old. I still live with my parents, a 22 year old brother and a 21 year old sister. We were home schooled and live out in the country far from civilization on our farm.
Rarely, if ever, do we wear clothes, open sexual activity is tolerated. Sometimes, I think our parents encourage it.
I for one, have had sex with my sister and I know my brother, father and mother have also...I even watched them.
Now, nudity and sex are not synonymous but it happens.
We do go into town for shopping and groceries and an occasional movie but then it is back home.
We all work around the farm and we make a good living at it.
One time I went into the city and looked in all the store windows and ate lunch at a diner and just took in the sights.
At the diner, the waitress was real nice and pretty. She must have taken a liking to me because she gave me an extra piece of pie. Her name was Sandy.
I figured she was in her early 20's, about 5'5", 110, blue eyes and blonde hair.
As I ate, we talked and I asked her if she would like to show me around town. She said that she was getting off of work soon and we could get together then.
After lunch, I just hung out until she got off work. She showed me around and I told her I worked on the farm and she said she never saw a farm before.
I told her she could see ours anytime. She said she would like that and asked if she could visit next week. I told her she could.
Then I said, "Sandy, there is something you have to know first. You see, our family doesn't wear clothes at home, none of us. Now, if you visit, you could keep your clothes on but we don't. You wouldn't ba taking your clothes off though.
She looked at me.
I continued, "If you don't want to come, I understand."
She looked at me and said, "John, I have seen naked people before, so it isn't a big deal. I will come if you still want me to. Who knows, maybe I will even take my clothes off too."
I told her I did wasn't her to come. Then I said, "There is one other thing you have to know. You see, our parents do not discourage us from having open sex. So, it is unlikely you will see anything but it is possible. I bet you think my family is nuts."
Sandy just looked at me and said,. "No, I don't think they are nuts but very open. I was raised in a very strict family upbringing so it will be nice to see how the other half lives, so to speak."
I gave her directions to the farm and told her to get there early as there was a lot to see. She said ok and she went home as did I.
I went home and told the family about Sandy and said she was coming for a visit. I also told them that I told her all about us and that it made no difference to her.
Everyone seemed to be ok with her visit and nothing changed that week.
The day finally arrived and everything was set for her visit. Mom even made some special food for her.
I watched as her car drove up the long trail to the house. I was surprised when she got out of her car. She was wearing a tiny pair of shorts and a white blouse that tied in the front. I was sure she wasn't wearing a bra either.
I greeted her with a hug and a kiss and brought her inside to meet everyone. I introduced her to my mom, dad, brother and sister, all of whom were naked. Sandy never batted an eye.
I told the family that I was going to show Sandy the farm and took one of the small tractors.
I showed her the corral, the barn, the livestock, the planting fields filled with growing corn. I finally showed her the milking barn.
She was shocked to see the cows hooked up to milking machines. I told her that my sister uses the machinery on herself sometimes for sex.
Sandy looked at me like I was crazy.
I explained to her that my sister attaches the sucking cups to her tits and starts the machine up. The suction cups start sucking her tits to get milk. Although she can't produce milk, she says that the feeling is tremendous and she has multiple orgasms.
I laughingly asked her if she wanted to try it and she said she would. I almost fell over. I then called my sister and asked her to come to the milking barn.
When my sister arrived, I told her that Sandy wanted to get hooked up to the milking machine. My sister looked at both of us and Sandy asked her to.
My sister then told her to remove her blouse and bend over. She then hooked up the milking suction cups to her tits. In a second, my sister started the machine up and the suction cups sealed and started trying to suck the milk from Sandy's tits. The machine ran for a few minutes and Sandy started moaning that she was cumming. My sister waited a few minutes, then shut the machine down.
Sandy said she had multiple orgasms and loved the experience and thanked my sister.
I asked Sandy how she was and she smiled and said, "I feel great. I think I like this place."
I handed her blouse to her and she said she didn't need it and we continued our tour with her topless.
I asked what she thought so far.
She said, "You know John, I like it here. Your family is nice and I am ok with the nudity. It is much nicer than I imagined."
She smiled and continued, "From what I saw of your father and brother, I wouldn't mind a roll in the hay with them either. By the way, I thought I would get to see you naked."
I looked at her and smiled and said I could arrange that, then removed my clothes. As soon as I was naked, she pulled down her shorts and now we were both naked.
I told her she looked great and that I loved her little trimmed patch of hair on her pussy. She thanked me.
I told her she would definitely fit in with my family and we laughed.
Once the tour was over, we went back to the house and the family was surprised to see Sandy naked and they all smiled and welcomed her with open arms.
I asked Sandy when she was leaving and she said that, if it was ok, she could stay the night since she lived by herself. I told her that would be fine and told my mom.
For the rest of the day, Sandy staid naked and hung around with me.
At dinner, we all ate naked and my sister and brother ogled Sandy. Sandy noticed and asked them if they had any questions for her.
My brother came out and asked her if she liked to fuck.
Sandy smiled and said, "I don't know anyone that doesn't like to fuck. I sure do."
Then my sister asked, "You're so pretty. Do you like girls?"
Sandy responded, "Well, I like men a lot and sometimes I like girls too. Why, do you like me?"
My sister told her that she did like her.
The rest of the time we just chatted. After dinner, Sandy and I took a walk.
It felt nice walking with a beautiful naked woman. When we got to the barn I took her inside and we went up to the hay loft.
We didn't waste any time and soon I had my cock deep in her. I started fucking her and in no time at all, I shot my cum into her cunt.
When we finished, we headed back to the house. My mom noticed right away that we fucked as she saw some cum oozing down Sandy's thigh. She just smiled.
I asked my mom where Sandy was going to sleep and she said she could sleep anywhere she wanted.
I looked at Sandy and she said, "I can sleep anywhere. I am guessing I won't be getting much sleep anyway."
My brother said she could start out with him and then our sister. We laughed but Sandy said that would work.
As it was getting late, Sandy and my brother headed up to his room. It wasn't long before we heard moans of pleasure coming from his room. We knew Sandy was getting a good fucking from my brother.
After an hour or so, my brother escorted her to my sisters room and an hour later I rescued her from my slutty sister.
I then took her to my room where we rested and then I fucked her. Just as I was finished with Sandy, my dad came in and told me to bring her to his room.
I took her to my parents bedroom and didn't see her again until the next morning.
When I saw her she was all smiles and thanked me for a great time. She said she had to get back but will definitely be back again.
I gave her a kiss and off she went.