I guess I should really start by telling you a tiny bit about myself. I usually forget to do that. I just assume that whoever I'm talking to already has the required information about me. Not that I'm famous or anything. It's just that, well, I usually only talk to people I have known for a long time.
I'm not reclusive, in fact I'm quite the opposite.
My grandmother said once that I was sheltered. I went from the protection, guidance and safety of her home to the chaos of a very conservative sorority at N.Y.U.
My sophomore year I met Brad, fell in love, got married, we bought a house, Brad got a big promotion, we had kids, we bought a bigger house, Brad got another promotion and partnership, we built our dream house...and lived happily ever after...in that big house all alone.
Oh dear, look at me. I'm only a few seconds in and already blabbering like an idiot. I do that from time to time, though usually only when I'm upset or nervous. My mouth just starts to say whatever little thought flitters thru my mind.
Let me start over, my name is Glenda Rebecca Lawson, though my friends just call me "Glen". I'm 45, married and have three of the most wonderful children.
My husband, Brad, says that I am a classic beauty. Though I have come to learn that the word "classic" doesn't always mean what you hope it means. Sometimes it just means old.
I am...a redhead.
There I said it...even though I hate it.
Okay so maybe hate is too strong a word, but I really do strongly dislike it though.
Pale skin that never really tans no matter that I try to get as much sun as I can. Dark auburn hair that will never have a truly good hair day, and don't get me started about morning hair. Oh and please...dye it a different color?
Really?
I do have my grandmother's eyes though, bright green with just a hint of hazel. Brad says they go darker when I'm angry or...well...in to what he's doing to me. But I can't see them so we will just take his word for that part.
Since I stayed at home and raised the baby's, I was able to devote time to working on how I looked. After watching me try or buy just about every type of fad diet or new weight loss machine, Brad finally took charge. He hired me a personal trainer, three times a week she would torture me until I would drop from exhaustion.
In between the torture sessions I kept up a steady diet of swimming, yoga and aerobics. Though I would have kept up the swimming, even if I wasn't trying to lose weight, or tone up my figure.
Why?
Vanity mostly I think.
OK, well maybe that's not the most honest answer.
I wanted Brad. Not just in the sense of our marriage. But in the deepest meaning of the word "want".
You see, when the kids were little life was incredibly busy. Three baby's spanning four years can keep any woman busy, and mine did. But now...they're all grown up, well for the most part. Now between their college classes, jobs or just spending time with friends...well anyway, I don't get to spend time with them anymore.
Once I had total freedom, it hit me.
I was all alone.
Sure Brad came home as often as he could, but without the activities that the kids would involve us in, well there was just not a lot of reasons to actually spend time together. When he was home he would stay cooped up in his office, paying much more attention to his work than me.
So I decided...fine!
I was going to make it impossible for him to ignore me. I was going to make myself over and get back to that slim sexy redhead that he chased after in college.
I wanted him to do everything I could to make every single business trip as short and as painful as possible, for him anyway.
I wanted him to want me too.
For a time I thought that I had pulled it off. I actually was able to wear the same clothing size as I had in college, a size 2 if you must know. But the best was that all the hours of stretching and toning had a definite effect on Brad and our marriage. Brad became almost as attentive and determined to catch me as when we were in college. His business trips became shorter, and twice he cut the trip short and surprised me by coming home early unannounced.
We were even thinking of taking a vacation for the first time since Brad went to work for an investment bank. Well one without any of the kids with us. A real "ADULT" vacation. Though I was pretty sure that Brad's and my ideas about what that would actually entail differed.
I really thought we were happy...I really thought everything would be fine.
But like everything that goes up...we came back down.
I'm not really sure what happened. Or why, and whenever I tried to talk to Brad about things he would just tell me that "work was really chaotic due to the economy", or some such thing anyway. The trips became longer, with more extensions at the last minute. We even postponed our vacation "indefinitely."
I didn't argue...much. He was always sweet and apologetic, and truthfully I knew he was disappointed. So I supported him, like I always have, trying to remain upbeat and happy whenever he was home.
Brad had a huge amount of responsibility. He was a managing partner for one of the largest investment banks in the U.S. Though for the past ten years he has spent most of his time working with foreign governments. I'm not really sure what all he did, but whatever it was, his hard work and sacrifices had made us wealthy.
So I never really could complain.
Honestly it has been wonderful. The marriage, the kids...even our home has been perfect in almost every way.
Then six months ago everything changed.
I remember every detail of that day. Who wouldn't? This day for me, was the iceberg, slicing thru the steel of the mighty Titanic that was my life. What follows is the slow but fatal events that bring me to today...adrift without a lifeboat...
...I had missed a call again. The annoying beeping was coming from my phones voicemail alert...
Glancing at the clock beside my bed, my mind registered nine a.m. I groaned and buried my head under my pillows. I reached for the cell phone, letting my fingers search for it on the night stand. Finally finding it, I brought it under the pillows with me so that I could listen to the message.
The call was from Brad. We usually talked every day at around ten a.m. my time. He was something like twelve or thirteen hours different so that meant it was night there when it was day time here. This trip had been particularly hard though.
When we had actually talked the other day he had sounded exhausted.
Then I had begged him to come home, "let's take a vacation" I pleaded.
He finally let me win the argument after a few minutes and a few of my tears. I missed him so much that I ached. He was going into his second month away from home now, trying to wrap up some big deal.
I listened to the message he had left just a few minutes ago. My eyes tearing up as I heard his words. He really sounded down and tired. I had heard this type of message so many times that I was sick of it though.
I pressed the return call selection on my phone before the message was even done. I wanted him home, I needed him home. There was no way that he was going to stay there any longer than necessary. No way in hell.
His phone rang in my ears, after six rings it went to his voice mail.
"Hi baby, sorry I missed you. I was asleep. Honey you promised you'd be home this weekend. I need you home please. I love you, call me as soon as you get this...bye" I said softly into his messenger.
I didn't know why he hadn't answered.
"Probably in the shower" I thought.
But other images flashed thru my mind. Images of gorgeous women with Brad at some fancy party. The raw jealousy I felt brought me to tears.
I cried myself back to sleep...
My dreams have always been quite vivid. I saw Brad dancing and laughing with all the very pretty women at a party. They threw themselves at him, sometimes he acted as if he was above all the debauchery. Only to dive in with them, once they began to beg him of course.
There was no limit to what he wouldn't do in my dreams. I know, I watched everything he did.
I slept another hour...
When I woke up there was bright sunlight streaming in thru the open windows of my bedroom. Not wanting to repeat any of my recent dream I decided it was time to start my day.
I went into my bathroom and started the water filling my tub. It usually took a while and I hated standing in there while it filled. The entire bathroom was my idea, though Brad had insisted that we really make it my "dream" bathroom.
I really just wanted one of those large clam shell tubs, the kind that has the jets and can double as a whirlpool bath. Brad insisted that we get it custom built. When it was finished he joked that it was nice to have a tub that the whole family can spend time in, AT THE SAME TIME!
But as over the top as it is, I really loved it!
He also had one entire wall of the bathroom mirrored, personally I liked seeing myself, but not that much. I have even scared myself a few times when I would just catch my own reflection out of the corner of my eye. This is a big house and I am usually here all alone. So unexpectedly seeing someone looking back at me would give me a fright now and then.
I decided to enjoy the sun for a little while, while I waited.
The sun was my best friend when my spirits were down. Still naked, I walked out onto the veranda to soak up the bright sunlight. I always slept naked, night clothes would only fight with me in my sleep, so I stopped wearing them when I was in my teens. And since there was no one here normally, except me of course, "why bother" I reasoned.
I laid out on one of the many sunning chairs I had just outside my bedroom on this end of the veranda. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. I hated being alone. I hated waiting for Brad to come home. It had been almost a month since he was home last and I was getting seriously depressed thinking about it.
"Gone one more month..." is what he had said.
He didn't even sound upset, just...factual.
"Sorry I won't be home this weekend...blah, blah, blah."
I let my mind drift as I soaked up the morning sun. But try as I might, I couldn't push the grey cloud that had settled over me away.
Resigning myself to my fate, I walked back into my bathroom.
Sitting on the edge of the spacious tub, I let the water cascade over my toes. I really thought that we had gotten thru the hardest part, this setback though really caught me by surprise.
I felt my frustration deepen.
"What the hell else am I supposed to do?"
For a long time I had wondered if Brad might be having an affair. But there was just never any evidence, other than his long absences due to work.
"Was it still me?" I wondered. Honestly the only thing I could blame for him not wanting me...well...was me.
Right?
I stood up in the tub, looking at my naked body in the full wall mirror behind the tub. Brad had insisted on the mirror, back when he still looked at me.
I slowly took in the image.
My long auburn hair cascaded over my shoulders. It was naturally curly, though it usually was unruly until I spent at least an hour teasing out the tangles.
Turning I looked at every curve I could. My tummy still looked flat. And although I wasn't large breasted, a modest 34b, what I did have was still firm enough to stand on their own. Thanks to the three or four days a week of working out and swimming.
Trying to use the wall and vanity mirror to see all of my rear, I decided it seemed to be the right shape and size for my legs.
At 5'4" everything seemed to be in the right proportion...well I didn't have any bumps or bulges that didn't belong anyway. At least I thought so.
Smiling, I looked at my body again. Slowly I let my fingers glide over my skin. Soft and smooth with just a hint of a nice even tan.
"No tan lines here" I thought.
Sunning naked was a luxury of living on the estate, high hedges and privacy fences secluded the yard. Unless one was approaching on a boat, and then of course, I would hear the motor.
I watched as my fingers caressed my neck. My fingertips barely grazed my skin. I watched as if I was watching someone else's fingers move over me. Slowly I let them travel to my breasts.
I remembered when they had been called perky. I brushed my nipples lightly, tender and hard, quite aroused by my touch. The cool breeze from the open bathroom bay window played across them, raising tiny goose bumps on my skin.
A slight tug made me gasp slightly. My fingers pinched and rubbed each nipple, imitating how Brad used to tease them. I used to love how he suckled them, licking and fondling them like a newborn.
As I watched, my fingers traveled lower. Down over my stomach, along the curve of my hips to the tiny patch of soft hair trimmed in a triangle.
Brad used to call it his "strawberry patch".
I let my fingers twine thru my pubic hair. I watched as my fingers twisted and tugged at it, watching the result as if I was watching someone else. I could feel my clit harden as it peeked out from under its hood, seeming to seek some attention of its own.
How easily my fingertip glided over it, tracing a determined path over it, straight to the source of heat and wetness.
I shuddered at the contact, the cool breeze chilling me even more as my body heat rose dramatically.
I sighed, so wanting to let go and enjoy what I was feeling, but I already knew this wasn't what I wanted. I didn't just want sexual release. I wanted Brad. I wanted to feel him, to make love to him. I needed him to make love with me like we used to.
I could see him clearly in my mind. How he would always have a slightly amazed look on his face. Like he couldn't believe that he could make me feel that special way.
I had the image of his beautiful face fill my mind. Strong and manly with a charming smile and deep blue eyes. His blonde hair a little unruly as it teased across his eyes.
I smiled as I let my "eyes" see him, letting my fingers tease and caress wherever they wanted. Just as I felt the hint of an orgasm tease me I realized,
...Brad has brown eyes...
I really was a little shocked that my "fantasy" had been interrupted by this realization. So much so, that I wasn't even a tiny bit upset about losing the faint start of an orgasm. I slowly eased into the water, relaxing against the side of the tub.
I stared at the bubbles that populated the surface of the bath water, as if one of them would burst and reveal the identity of this mystery man.
"Who was that face?" I asked them, but none of the bubbles answered.
I knew it, but I couldn't recall a name.
"Maybe he was one of the yard helpers?" I asked, trying a different tactic to perhaps tease out some kind of response. But again the bubbles kept their secrets.
He for sure was young. As I tried to place him my eyes fell on the framed photos on my vanity. Three beautiful children, all grown up in the pictures, smiling at me. Each one was so full of life and promise.
My beautiful daughter Michelle, and my two handsome sons Thomas and Sammy.
The photos, taken almost two years ago, usually had the effect of making me feel old. But now as I looked at Sammy, those gorgeous blue eyes came to mind.
"It was one of his friends" I just knew it.
"Perhaps I could call Sammy and ask him" I actually thought.
Then the absurdity of the suggestion hit me.
Oh how I could hear the whole conversation now...
"Hello Sammy dear, it's your mother."
"Yes dear I am fine. And you?"
"Good to hear"
"Now Sammy I just had a quick question"
"Well dear, do you recall that gorgeous blonde friend of yours?"
"Yes the young man with the blue eyes dear, I know his name started with a "C" but my dreadful memory has me quite at a loss"...sigh
"I've tried and tried but nothing seems to fit. The one that feels right is "Cock" but I can't very well go about calling him that all the time, now can I?"...hahaha
"Clayton?"..."really?"
"Oh thank you dear, I do remember now. There I was trying to remember, I knew it started with a "C" and you have saved me"... (Gushing praise for such a smart boy)
"I was all prepared to call him "Cock" because of my dreadful memory"...giggle
"Yes dear, you've been a big help"
"Could you please ring and have him call me?"
"Well yes it's very important"
"Okay dear, very busy here have to get ready, love you too, call me soon."...pretending I do anything at all that's important.
..."Oh sure Glen, that's just how it would go" I thought as I giggled.
It felt good to laugh. It felt good to think about happier times.
I loved remembering those ten days, they really had been the highlight of a rather dreary spring last year.
I really have tried to always be the "good wife". But a dozen young viral men will surely test a girls resolve. No matter her age, or how married she is.
I slid lower into the tub, as low as I dared. My nose was just above the soft bubbles. The hot water was doing wonders on easing my tension. I smiled as I let the memories wash over me...
Then it clicked, every tiny detail came back.
Sammy had decided that his first Spring Break from college would be spent here with me. Well, here with me and some dozen of his closest friends. We had known he was home sick, even though he was going to school in the city. His class schedule and other activities made it virtually impossible for him to dash home whenever he wanted. And no matter what he says, he is still my baby and I knew he missed being home with me.
He was doing well at N.Y.U., even getting pledged to a high profile sorority, all on his own merit and talents. Quite a feat as a freshman, I am told.
Sammy had somehow convinced some of his sorority brothers that a vacation in the Hamptons was the ideal spring break. Of course I found out after they had arrived at the East Hampton airport and called for a ride to our home.
Like usual, Sammy waited to the last minute to appraise me of his plans.
"Of course it's fine..." I replied, conjuring up my sweetest motherly voice, hoping to ease any concerns.
"Fill the house with your sweaty friends, noise and filth. Who needs a big quiet house all to herself?" I teased.
When they finally arrived I met them in the foyer. Young and viral, they filled the air with their energy and arrogance. Each supremely confident, as only young men can be.
Then He had walked in. His eyes alight with delight. He seemed in awe of the house, turning to see its charms, trying to take in as much as he could.
His eyes scanned every surface, dancing with delight as he appraised every fine feature.
Sammy called to him, "Clayton."
He turned and stared, his eyes fixed firmly on mine. The deepest blue eyes I had ever seen held me, his smile widened to a pure grin.
As he stepped to me he took my hand in his. Bowing deeply he pressed my fingertips to his lips as he kissed lightly. Lingering only briefly with the slightest brush of his lips.
He rose, glancing at Sammy as he spoke, "Dude, your mom is totally FABB" he whispered.
Sammy laughed as he grabbed his friends arm, forcing him to release my hand or pull me with him.
"Don't be a shit..." Sammy hissed, though his smile never faltered as he pushed his friend further from me.
I was in a slight state of shock. Feeling dizzy and out of breath it took me a moment to regain my composure. I could feel my blush rising, even though nothing overtly sexual had occurred. There was just something about him that immediately had me fantasizing about his lips caressing other parts of my body.
As Sammy tried to get everyone organized, I tried to regain my composure and my voice.
Taking a deep breathe, I held it, then released it slowly. Feeling somewhat calmer, I retreated up the stairway a few steps. When I turned and looked out over the sea of young man flesh it seemed that I had their undivided attention.
I gave them my warmest smile..."Welcome to our home...please Do Not call me Mrs. Lawson, she is my husband's mother, and I am not her."
"My name is Glenda, but all my friends call me Glen. You'll find your rooms ready and hopefully comfortable. Dinner is at 5 promptly every day without exception. I hope Sammy expressed that attendance at dinner is the only rule we have and it is strictly enforced."
I really hoped that I sounded at ease, even though I could hear the slight tremor in my own voice.
I knew I was unsettled, my fingertips were absentmindedly rubbing the spot that Clayton's lips had briefly touched. I saw Sammy watching me, his eyes following the movement of my fingers as if in a trance.
I abruptly clasped my hands together, the sudden movement seemed to break the spell and his eyes quickly rose to meet mine, a soft apologetic frown teasing at the corners of his mouth.
"I am sure they would all like to see their rooms dear, then the grounds and the pool perhaps. I'm going to lie down for a few minutes dear."
I tried not to sound to dismissive, but I had to get away from these young men if I was to have any hope of recovering. I could feel the unbridled testosterone flowing towards me, and I was terrified that the boys might actually find out how much it was affecting me. Or somehow read my mind as I began to play little fantasy porno movie promo's...with almost each of them having a key supporting, if not starring, role.
Sammy took my que and ushered his friends up the stairs, as he passed by he glanced at me, a look of concern easily discerned on his face. I smiled and blew him a kiss as he went up the stairs. His slight frown vanished in a flash, replaced with that boyish grin I loved so much.
The house soon found its new rhythm. I normally awoke before ten or so and padded around aimlessly. But now, with the house being somewhat full, there will always something to do. Although the boys generally kept to themselves, the chaos that followed them overwhelmed the entire house as well as me. It was a joy.
It was such a rare occasion to have house guests that I really did have to put some conscious thought into how I went about my daily routine, such as it was. Things like sunbathing and swimming nude or leaving windows uncovered and opened, would have to be curtailed, even though I really loved having that freedom.
I tried to give the boys free run of the estate, keeping to myself except during meal times or when cleaning up. Sammy always sought me out wherever I was hiding though. He wanted to spend time with me it seemed even though I told him that I was fine and I tried to reassure him that everything was great.
He knew there was something wrong though. He sensed something I'm sure. Of my children, Sammy was the most like me. In almost every trait I could see what a younger brother of mine might have been like, if my parents had ever had more than one child.
Even though he had to be the good host and entertain his friends, he still made a conscious effort to balance everything. His character sparkled like a bright start and really did make everything okay...for those ten days anyway.
Oh of course there were some wonderful small events that occurred. One evening late, around ten I would say, the boys had apparently broken into one of the liquor cabinets and emptied it of most of the whiskey. Well with a dozen of them sharing a few bottles, I didn't see the harm in it at all. Until they carried the party down to the pool, that is.
I had been relaxing on the veranda off my room, enjoying the night air. I would normally have been out there naked, the cool breeze fresh on my skin, but with the boys here I had put on a thin lace night gown. Filmy really, but quite adequate since no one would see me up close.
Well anyway, as the boys got to rough housing and teasing each other, they started to challenge each other. Who is the better swimmer, best diver, and etcetera. Well, it didn't take long, soon there were several that had ended up in the pool. In their drunken state they had either just gone in or were pushed in fully clothed.
Soon enough competitions began, swimming and diving seemed to be central to some sort of bragging rights. Several boys, wanting a decided advantage I am sure, decided to remove their clothing. Soon the entire group was skinny dipping. Thirteen young beautiful men and my son. They all looked so innocent, almost like babies playing in the bath.
I was sure they didn't know I was watching. I really did try not to pay too much particular attention to their activities. Though it did seem that I kept seeking out particular young men to focus on. And though they were far enough from me that I wasn't sure who was who, I could clearly see that some had a bigger "advantage" than others...If you know what I mean.
As I watched though, I began to be embarrassed.
"I couldn't just...not watch...could I"?
I was mortified by the fantasies that were playing thru my mind. I would try to push them away as fast as they came though. I could feel my body heat rising, like an uncontrollable blush. The more I fought against it the more the urge to run down and join them took hold.
But I knew I couldn't, I wouldn't.
I began to chastise myself for what I was thinking...
"Really Glen...get a grip..."
"You're old enough to be their mother...Oh wait...you are Sam's mother!!"
"Leave them alone...you don't want to scare them off..."
I sighed...realizing that all I was doing was fueling an impossible fantasy, and not a healthy one at that. I felt ashamed, here I was thinking sexual, and all they were really doing was having fun.
Innocent sexy fun.
When I finally retired it found it almost impossible to close my eyes without "seeing" any number of young men. The images of their beautiful young bodies so fresh in my mind, the dreams they evoked were quite vivid and full of lust. Something stirred in me, that wanting was taking over. Every bit of my flesh screamed for me to let it, but my mind was terrified of who I would become if I did.
The next morning I overslept. Partially due to waking up frequently to "peek in" on what the boys were up to. But mostly due to the dreams. Just the memory of those dreams, what I had allowed those boys to do to me in them, caused me to blush. I could feel the heat rise on my skin.
I threw on my night gown and padded my way towards the kitchen, keenly aware that the house felt empty and silent. I found a note left by Sammy taped to the coffee pot apologizing for the raid on the liquor, and stating that they all had gone to the ocean. Some of the boys had never seen the Atlantic, they would return by 5 p.m. for dinner as usual.
I must admit it was a welcome break. I had the majority of the day to myself it seemed, here was my chance to get a little back to normal.
After doing a few minor chores, the morning was gone. The light early afternoon breeze was just enough to make the pool tempting. Bright blue sky no clouds and no distractions. I decided to take a swim then lie out in the glorious sun.
A glass of wine, a good book that I needed to finish reading and my favorite bikini was all that I needed. Just a few hours of me time and I would be back to normal.
My favorite bikini was really nothing more than three strings and a wish. It was a white sheer that had a shimmer to it in the sunlight, but when it became wet, it was virtually transparent. Small triangles of cloth were barely large enough to cover my areolas and the bottom triangle came up just above the strawberry patch. Although it was tiny, it did cover me, as long as I didn't do anything to athletic.
As I walked from the house to the pool I had the uneasy feeling that I wasn't really alone. I even stopped several times and looked back at the house trying to see if someone was there. Maybe it was just my imagination, or maybe I was just hoping that I really wasn't alone...that maybe someone was watching me like I watched the boys last night.
The idea of being watched has always excited me a little...
Setting my things near my favorite lounge chair I ran and jumped into the pool. The water was glorious. Easing the tension and ebbing the frustration that had been building in me. I swam for as long as I could, trying my best to burn out all my pent up energy.
Nearing exhaustion I climbed from the pool. The tiny beads of water dripping from me sparkled in the sunlight. I could clearly see my hard nipples as the afternoon breeze sent a shiver thru me. Not a cold breeze really, just cooler than the pool water.
As I dried off with a towel my eyes wandered to the back of the house. I couldn't help hoping that some of the boys would come thru the patio doors. I turned my back to the house and untied my bikini top...letting the material fall to the smooth pavement while I rubbed the towel lightly over my breasts. My nipples responded to the rough material of the towel...
I untied the waist string on one side of my bottoms, letting the bikini bottom fall away.
I turned slightly, peeking back up towards the house without turning my head to far, straightening my legs I bent slowly forward again. Pressing the towel to my damp skin felt wonderful. I took my time drying every tiny drop of water I could find on my skin, trying to appear casual, while also trying to watch for any movement from the house.
I was sure that the show I was putting on would draw out anyone watching, if there was anyone that is. As I watched the house though, I didn't catch any movement. I felt a tinge of disappointment as I gathered up my discarded bikini.
My favorite lounge chair was one that is a little secluded but gave me the best exposure to the sun for the longest time. It afforded a viewing angle to the back of the house but was not in plain view in case the boys came home while I was still out here.
I spread out my wet towel and bikini on the lounge chair beside me, spreading them so that they could dry in the afternoon sun. Pressing the lounge chair to its full flat position, I rolled onto my front.
"Such a wonderful day..." I thought.
I allowed myself to close my eyes and imagine the pool full of young men. I had so many fantasies running thru my mind, but this one had a lot of detail, making it my favorite.
I could see them, their naked bodies shining in the sunlight, as the water drips clung to their smooth skin. Running and playing, teasing me, tempting me to join in. I let my mind wander, my pussy and nipples responding to the flood of desire that had taken over.
I knew it was all in my mind, I would never allow such a thing to happen to me. But the thrill of being exposed, exhibiting my naked body to these young viral men, was bringing me closer and closer to an orgasm...and all without lifting a finger!
I drifted off into a glorious day dream where they all played with me, and I with them...
I must have fallen asleep.
I heard laughter faintly as it blended into my dream. I loved the sound of their laughter as they played. I could feel the heat of the sun on my skin...
In my dream I was in the pool with the boys...there must have been three or four of them that had their hands under me, caressing and touching me everywhere...but the sounds that awoke me weren't from my dreams.
I slowly opened my eyes. Trying to adjust my eyes to the bright sunlight I saw a flash of tan flesh. One of the young men, totally naked, had ran and jumped into the pool followed, closely by another. I was wide awake now...and to petrified to move.
"Oh shit..." I thought...
I was sure they hadn't seen me, at least not yet anyway. I slowly reached for my towel, but it was too far away. Somehow I had rolled over onto my back while I slept, moving farther from it. I was nearly frozen with fear. Here I was naked and totally exposed to this group of young viral men.
I didn't know where Sammy was, god forbid he was with them. I was sure he was here somewhere, but I couldn't hear anyone one voice well enough to know if it was Sammy or not.
Trying to move just enough to reach my towel was all it took though. As I rose slightly one of the young men caught my movement, looking at me full on, his smile widened into the most charming grin I had ever seen. His eyes were on fire, alive with the color of the sky.
Clayton walked over to where I was trying to become invisible. Not that I really wanted to, of all the boys in my dreams he dominated my fantasies most of all. I couldn't help but stare at him.
"Oh damn he's beautiful..." was all I could think.
My mouth became dry almost as fast as I felt something else become incredibly wet. I watched as his eyes traveled over my body...and to be honest I took every opportunity to look at him also.
As he drew nearer he reached down and picked up my towel. I thought at first he was going to cover himself with it.
I fought back the urge to yell..."NO!"
But instead he sat on the edge of the lounge chair next to me, holding my towel loosely in one hand, not bothering to cover anything at all. Thank heavens.
"Did you need this Glen?"
I tried to talk, to say yes, I really did. But his look and his closeness held me. I had lost total focus, even the sounds of the other boys in the pool didn't intrude on the moment. I reached out to take the towel, not really wanting to cover myself from his gaze, but he didn't release it...and I didn't pull.
Here I was in a dream, only not a dream at all. I could reach out and touch him. I could see from how his body was reacting that he was enjoying what he saw. His eyes traveling like a laser over every inch of me.
"Really totally FABB" he said quietly.
I would have done anything he wanted. Right then and there with everyone watching, I didn't care. I could feel his eyes on me, and I knew I had been staring at certain parts of him way too long to be considered proper.
I felt my legs part slightly, hoping that he would take the time to let his eyes roam over my body again. I felt my body responding to him. My pussy twitched in rhythm with his pulsing cock. And OH MY, what a nice cock he has. Not huge, but most definitely big enough that I wasn't sure if it would all fit in one go. But at that moment I was more than willing to work as hard as I needed to, too find out.
In just a few seconds my nipples and his cock were as hard and stiff as possible.
I watched my fingers extended towards him, wanting to test the "hardness" factor when Sammy's voice carried across the lawn.
"Mom? Where are you at?" his shout carried across the yard, faint enough that I knew he was up near the house, if not in it somewhere.
"Shit..."
I jolted upright and pulled the towel free of Clayton's grasp. Standing as I pulled it around me like a wrap in one swift motion.
"Ty needs to borrow some of Dads swim trunks, he...uh...lost his at the beach." He shouted as he appeared, coming out from the kitchen onto the patio.
I knew Sammy didn't see me standing near Clayton, he had turned back towards the house and scanned the veranda looking for me.
Clayton had picked up my bikini and laid it over my shoulder, leaning in close as he did...
"I wish I had stayed..." he breathed into my ear. His eyes had a heat in them that I hadn't seen from a man in a long time...and the effect was knee weakening.
"..Me too..." I whispered, desperately trying to not press myself against him...resisting the urge to drag him to the ground and mount him right then and there.
He smiled as he turned, making a mad dash for the pool...probably hoping to get there without a certain "over-heated" body part being noticed. His mad dash didn't go unnoticed by Sammy though. I was sure he had seen Clayton as he ran from where I stood. His head shifting back and forth, from his naked friend to his towel wrapped mother, as he tried to process everything he was seeing.
"That's not cool man,...GUYS!...Come on, get your trunks on" he yelled as he adjusted his path more towards me.
"Now dear, they are just having fun. And it's not like I didn't see all of you out here last night."
He blushed.
"All of us?" he asked, the color rising almost as fast as his eyes dropped in embarrassment.
"Yes dear, all of you." I teased, covering my bottom lip with my fingertips, as if to show how shocked I myself was at their behavior last night.
He stopped directly in front of me, his hands planted firmly on his hips, mimicking a pose I had seen his father assume whenever he had to discipline one of his belligerent children.
I smiled at him and gave him a soft kiss on his cheek. I could see in his eyes questions that he really didn't want to ask. He noticed my bikini draped over my shoulder and started to say something...but I just put my fingers on his lips and laughed.
"It's okay sweetie...really..." I reassured him as I headed towards the house.
"Dinner will be ready shortly. Everyone there, dressed or otherwise, I don't think it really matters much now" I called to him over my shoulder as I walked away.