A few more days passed. Nisha continued to bath in her panties. It was her brother who always showed up in the backyard. He had lied to his father about a special class and had to leave early. That way he could be next in line to take bath after Nisha. This helped Nisha as well, because her father might put a stop to it.
Nisha couldn't think of a way to persuade her father. She could state her mother's order as a reason, but he would check with her and that will be the end of it. Irfan had it handled for now. He stayed in the backyard for longer and longer.
Nisha became nonchalant during her bath. She started talking to her brother like nothing was out of the ordinary. Just a naked sister talking to her clothed brother while she was bathing. While she talked, her brother never looked at her face. He looked at her expressive tits which were bouncing as she talked.
One day, Nisha wanted to tease her brother a little more. She started her bath as usual. When her brother came to the backyard, she started soaping herself. She sensually touched herself throughout. She massaged her boobs. She soaped her abdomen. She even let her hand inside her panties to soap her butt. Irfan was mesmerised by the sight before him. He stammered a lot while talking. She thought it was cute.
Irfan wanted to see more of her. He masturbated furiously that day and came instantly and then followed it up with another session, this time slower and rewinding the thoughts of her sister naked before him. He wondered when he would get to see her sister's pussy. He didn't have to wait long though.
Meanwhile, Nisha was also wanting to show her virgin pussy to her brother. She was thinking of a way to do it by "accident". The next day, Irfan woke up a little late. Nisha knew this and wanted to use the best of it. She went to her bath at the usual time. She thought, she could show her pussy to her brother. She finished her bath and waited for her brother.
She wore her dry petticoat a little higher than usual. It was from high above her breasts to high on her thighs. It didn't reveal anything. But when she bent down, her pussy will be visible if not for her panties. She planned to take off her panties just as her brother entered the backyard. She would be facing away from him and bending, that way she would flash her pussy and also act as though she didn't hear him coming to the backyard.
She waited for some time. He wasn't coming to the backyard. She was about to postpone the plan to a future date, then she heard him coming that way. Anytime now, he would open the door, she assumed her position. The door opened, she started removing her panties. Her smooth pussy lips and her whole ass were visible. She was leaking a little, but the water from her body camouflaged it.
She heard a gasp. She acted like she didn't hear it. She continued bringing the panties down little by little and finally it fell to her ankles.
"Nisha, what are you doing?" Nisha heard. It was her mother who was shouting.
Irfan was on his way to the backyard, but his mom wanted to get something from the backyard and entered before him. Nisha was shocked and didn't know what to do. She turned around immediately but she forgot about the panties in her ankles and she fell down. She fell on her side and appeared hurt a little. Her mother came to her aid.
This gave enough time for Nisha to gain her composure. She admonished her mom for scaring her from behind. The guilt trip worked and diverted her attention from scolding her daughter into talking to her daughter gently.
Parveen wanted to scold her daughter for flaunting her pussy. But having hurt her daughter, she wanted to think before accusing her daughter.
Parveen asked, "Why are you removing your panties after bath? Why didn't you remove it in your room itself?"
Nisha wanted to maintain the ruse and said, "I am shy mom, to bath without panties. Why are you taking, so much interest in how I bath anyways, mom?"
Parveen replied, "I know you are shy. Believe me when I say that everything I tell you is for your own good. Don't ask me questions and follow what I say."
"You must remove your panties in your room itself and come to bath. You can bath without panties. It will not be much different from how you bath now. Don't be shy, you will get used to it.", Parveen added
Parveen meant for her daughter to remove her panties in her room to avoid having to remove it in the backyard where someone might have see, like she did a moment ago. She in her mind knew that her daughter was shy and didn't want to embarrass her further by telling her this.
"But mom..." Nisha started talking.
"Shush.. No talking back. Do as I say. And wash yourself again, you got a little dirty as you fell down" Parveen commanded, her usual strict mom had come back.
Although Parveen talked in the best interest of Nisha, Nisha heard the whole conversation a whole different way. In fact, it was the same way that her brother understood the whole conversation as well. He was right behind the backyard door, he couldn't see what was happening but could hear the whole conversation. He assumed his sister was in her panties during the conversation. Naturally, he was shocked to hear her mother telling Nisha to bath completely naked.
Parveen walked back into the house. Seeing Irfan inside the house, she admonished him for eavesdropping. Irfan stood silent and didn't want to talk back when his mother is in this mood. He excused himself to go to the toilet. He didn't want to extend this conversation any further.
"You heard what I said to your sister. Don't embarrass her with it." She said and told him to leave.
"I will not mom. Promise." Irfan said and walked to the backyard.
Meanwhile, Nisha was excited. Again her mom's instructions were vague and she literally asked her to bath sans panties. She now has the excuse to bath completely nude. She removed the petticoat and started washing herself, this time completely naked.
Her brother entered the backyard. She immediately covered her pussy and ass. She was genuinely embarrassed to be standing completely naked before her brother. She knew she wanted to show her pussy, but this was too soon to be completely nude before him. She wanted to explain what happened, to her brother. But he stopped her.
"I know. I heard what mom told you. She also asked me not to embarrass you further with it ", Irfan said.
"Wow, that went easy", she thought.
"I don't know why mom is asking me to bath naked. You get to wear your boxers while bathing. Why is she making me do this?" Nisha said acting distraught.
"I don't know sis. She said that it is for your good didn't she", Irfan said.
"Why do you cover with your hands. Why not remove it", Irfan asked.
"Mom told not to tease me. How would I show you my pussy and ass. I can't" she said.
"Mom told me not to embarrass you. I am not teasing you. You told me you wanted to get it over with when I saw your breasts. This will remove further embarrassment", Irfan said.
"Wow, he is using my own words against me. If he is pushing me, then why would I want to stop it. May be I have to act a little reluctant", Nisha thought.
"That is different. Those were my breasts. This is my...", She trailed off.
"It is all in your mind. You will get used to it like mom said" he said.
Nisha reluctantly removed her hands. Irfan was staring at her. He couldn't take his eyes off the beauty before his eyes. She fidgeted a little. Irfan was seeing her sister's shaven pussy and smooth ass. He was having his biggest hardon yet.
"Don't stare like that Irfan. I am feeling shy", she acted embarrassed.
"Can you bring me a petticoat from my room. This one is wet as it fell down", she said.
Irfan put the water to heat and went to her room to get the petticoat. But before he could get it, he wanted to take care of his hard-on. He started masturbating in his sister's room itself. He came immediately. He made a mess there. He cleaned it up as best as he could. He took one petticoat and went to the backyard.
As he entered the backyard, he saw Nisha rinsing the other petticoat. She was having her back to him and bending down and standing up as she rinsed the petticoat. She was showing her full ass and pussy lips completely to him. She didn't see him yet. He once again had a hard-on. How could he survive such beauty, he thought.
Seeing him in the backyard, Nisha accepted the petticoat and wore it. She didn't want to do anything further without planning or she might do some mistake. So she left the backyard for him to use.
She went to her room, and noticed an unusual smell. Being a virgin, she didn't recognize the smell of her brother's cum. But she got more aroused because of the smell. She removed the petticoat over her head and feel on her bed and started masturbating. She was enjoying the feeling, she thought through all the things that happened today. Finally she thought about the pose, she was in when her brother returned. She didn't think much of it, but when she thought about it now, she knew what she was showing him. How long was he there. As soon as she thought this, she came hard. She achieved what she wanted to do in the first place, and then some.