After their first play date Nick, Louise and Logan had all seemed to be in a perpetual state of arousal. The filth, photos and suggestions that had flown back and forth on messenger had left them all wanting some more fun and luckily, due to a heavy snowfall and a break from daily life, they had that opportunity. Logan had messaged Nick to explain the rules for this session. Although Logan couldn't be there, he was still in charge of what was allowed. This time, they could kiss as much as they wanted and touching was allowed - Nick couldn't wait to do some more of that with the luscious Louise. Louise would be allowed to suck his cock and he could finger and tease her pussy and clit. As before, Nick's cum could go all over Louise's tits.
With everything organised, Nick left the house and quickly walked round to Louise's place. This time, her housemates would not be home, so they could have a bit more freedom. In fact, after the fuss they had made last time, they had planned something a little naughtier. Nick knocked on the door and Louise opened - hiding behind it. Just the sight of Louise hiding behind the door had Nick instantly, achingly hard. His imagination in overdrive as to what she might be wearing.
He stepped in, smiling and greeted her, as she shut the door and turned around his jaw dropped - she was stunning. She was wearing a black body that accented her stunning breasts and gorgeous curves... her smile was halfway between shy and very-very naughty. He stood for a second, looking her up and down, drinking in her gorgeous self. Then he took her hand and led her into the lounge. This was the start of their little revenge against the housemates... He pulled her down onto the sofa in the public space. Aware that the next time the housemates whinged, Louise would be able to remember what they got up to on this sofa. He pulled her in for a deep kiss and traced his fingers over her skin. She melted into his mouth, her passion and need evident in the kiss. He slid a hand down over her outfit, between her legs - he could feel the heat of her pussy through the thin material and sliding it to one side, he traced small circles around her clit. He took a few photos and a video of them kissing for Logan and sent them off, before returning his undivided attention to Louise.
She had reached down and was stroking his cock through his pants. He undid them and helped her to pull out his very hard and thick cock. She wrapped her fingers around it, then stroked her thumb gently over the head, smearing his precum all around. He groaned loudly and only half-closed his eyes - as he couldn't take them off her fingers gently teasing him in the middle of her front room. He flicked the camera onto selfie mode and filmed Louise stroking him as he kissed her - sending it to Logan.
Logan was obviously enjoying the show as his messages to both Nick and Louise, were hot and filthy. They decided to head upstairs to her bedroom, and Nick was soon naked on her bed, as Louise stripped off the body... Nick wanted to eat her gorgeous pussy and as they touched and kissed, he pushed her onto her back. Nick was kneeling above her, looking down - he could see that his aching cock was lined up perfectly with her soaked pussy. It would be so easy, but being respectful of Logan and Louise's wishes, he kissed down her body to flick his tongue over her clit.
After a brief message and a couple more photos of Nick eating Louise, Logan was on the phone to Louise; listening to her moans and soft cries as Nick put his well-practiced oral skills to work. Nick could just about hear the dirty commentary from Logan down the phone to his slut as Nick flicked his tongue back and forth quickly and lightly over her clit. Her other hand reached down to run through Nick's hair as he ate her out. Slowly, he pushed two fingers inside her nice and deep, sucking hard on her clit, making her arch her back off the bed. She was getting close...
"Please can I cum?" she begged down the phone as she inched closer and closer to her orgasm.
Logan made her ask again before giving her permission, and she exploded in Nick's mouth. He felt her pussy tighten as she came hard - crying out her orgasm to the empty house. As she peaked, Nick kept licking - knowing how sensitive she would be, but still tasting and teasing her, pushing her orgasm to a more intense high.
She flopped, suddenly relaxed on the bed in front of him, and he half crawled up next to her, kissing her loudly, letting her taste her juices on his lips. He knew Logan could hear them kissing and he enjoyed the exhibitionist side.
They kissed for a few minutes, enjoying the warmth and touch, before Logan told her to kiss Nick's cock. She willingly slid down the bed to kiss the head of Nick's shaft. He reminded her to tease it with her tongue and she willingly did so - making eye-contact with Nick that had him throbbing in her hand and mouth. He told her to suck it properly now, and she started to bob her head up and down his cock. Nick took videos and photos of the gorgeous slut working his shaft, sending them all to Logan for his enjoyment.
Logan told her to get on her knees as he had a surprise for her. She did as she was told, and put Logan on speaker phone.
"I want you to face fuck my naughty slut Nick, force your thick cock down her throat and make her gag."
"With pleasure."
Nick slid off the bed to stand in front of the kneeling Louise and pressed his cock to her lips. She eagerly swallowed it. He took firm hold of her hair - forcing his cock deep into her mouth and throat. He kept it there, listening to her choke and letting Logan hear the sounds of her struggling with his cock.
He fucked her face with hard and deep strokes, tilting her head up by her hair so he could look into her eyes, as he rammed it to the back of her throat, feeling her convulse as she tried to avoid choking and gagging. Ramming his cock in and out of her mouth, he pulled all the way out of her mouth, enjoying the sight of the drool on her chin and the string of it connecting his cock head to her lips. She gasped, gulping down air, before he forced his cock back into her mouth, fucking her face harder now. Faster and deeper strokes, seeing her thrash around under him. He grinned and fucked her face without mercy, before pulling out and grabbing her by the throat - tilting her head up to lean down and kiss her hard. She smiled up at him, and he forced his cock back into her mouth, nice and deep.
He pulled out again and listened to her gasping, as he stroked his cock in front of her face. He could feel his own orgasm rising and slowly stroked his hand the length of his shaft, before fucking her face once more. This time, he reverted to the slow and deep strokes, pushing his cock all the way in, and holding her head in place around his shaft. He felt her buck underneath him and he stayed in place - buried in her throat - before finally releasing her.
"Where do you want my cum Logan?"
Nick stroked his cock firmly now, rubbing the head in circles around her lips, before slapping it across both of her cheeks. He could feel the cum building in his balls, ready to explode. He had been horny for the last few days but hadn't orgasmed - there was about to be a massive load...
"All over her face and tits Nick... cover my slut in your cum."
Nick groaned and wanked his cock faster.
"On your back slut." Nick growled.
Louise obediently rolled onto her back, leaning up with her elbows for support, her head lined up to his shaft. He grabbed a handful of her hair again, and tilted her head up allowing him to fuck her mouth again until he felt ready.
"Tell me to cum on your tits and face slut..."
Shyly, she looked up at him and almost whispered the words - looking so hot. He tried to angle both his cock and the camera, so he could record the cum shot. A few more strokes, and he pulled out of her mouth as his cock erupted. Cum blasted across her face, dripping onto the floor. He tilted his cock down and covered her breasts with four more streams, before milking the rest of his cum onto her face.
She lay there, smiling contentedly, covered in Nick's cum. She slowly scooped some up off her breasts and swallowed it - grinning up at Nick with a naughty smile. He stepped back and collapsed onto the bed, breathing heavily after the intense orgasm, then leaned down to kiss a kneeling Louise at his feet, softly thanking her for being a good slut.