This story picks up from a few chapters I wrote a long time ago, so please reread those chapters to pick up the drift of the story.
"Damn, that might be some easy money. I'm definitely interested," I replied. Now Rex laughed out loud. "I'm not sure how 'easy' it will be, Johnny, but you could definitely make some money. The boss wants you to meet him at his mansion at 10 am tomorrow. He's a busy guy, so don't be late. One thing the boss doesn't like is late." Rex walked out, leaving me to ponder what his laughter might mean and what the "boss" had in mind for me. "What the fuck," I thought, "it won't hurt to meet him to see what happens."
So, following Rex's directions, I showed up at the boss's mansion at 10 am sharp. Since I knew the boss had admired my body, I was wearing short shorts with nothing underneath and a tight see-thru t-shirt. I rang the bell and the door was opened almost immediately by a guy about my age wearing only a tight red gstring. He was quite good looking, with dark, wavy hair, broad shoulders, a fantastically hard abdomen, and long, muscular legs. He gave me a lustful smile as he invited me in.
"Hi there, I'm Jamie, the boss's houseboy. You must be Johnny.The boss said you'd be here at 10 and you're right on time. He'll like that. Let me show you to the boss's office. I'm sure he'll be glad to see you in those tiny shorts." As he closed the door to guide me in, his hand moved slowly across the back of my shorts.
"I hope I get to know you better, Johnny, but the Boss is expecting to see you now."
I followed him down a long hallway, admiring his tight ass with just a red string around his waist and up the crack. I wanted to reach out and touch him back, but thought I'd better be a good boy and just follow directions. He tapped on a door at the end of the hall, opened the door slightly and said, "Johnny is here, Boss. Right on time."
"Ah, good, bring him in, Jamie, and come in with him, I want to see that hot gstring of yours again while I talk to Johnnie."
We both entered the luxurious office, and what an office it was. Thick red, carpets covered the floor. A large four-poster bed faced out from one side of the room. Full-length mirrors covered the wall behind the bed and the ceiling above the bed. Opposite the bed, there was a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking a patio with a large swimming pool. The boss's mahogany desk was centered a few feet away from the windows. The boss rolled his chair away from his desk and invited us to come closer.
"C'mon, boys, let me get a close up of you both."
I followed Jamie as we walked over to the Boss's desk. Motioning to the chair beside his desk, the boss invited me to sit down. Jamie stood beside the boss's chair, with the boss gently rubbing his ass.
"I really enjoyed the show you put on at the club last night, Johnny. It made me think that maybe you'd like to become a member of my support staff. I know that several of my clients would really enjoy your luscious body, and I could tell from last night that you really like making money by being sexy. I have a proposition that would provide some entertainment for my clients as well as give you some money-making opportunities. I hope you'll be interested."
While the boss was saying this, his hands were moviing over Jamie's ass, then around to the front of his gstring, rubbing his cock through the thin cloth. I could feel my own cock hardening just watching. As I rubbed the front of my shorts, I replied "Hell yes, boss, I'd be more than interested. it's an exciting proposition, but I'm still not sure exactly what you have in mind?"
"Sure, Johnny, let me explain a little more about my business. My company's primary activity is advertising, where we help companies that manufacture menswear items, including some of the skimpier sorts of costumes, to promote their products. So one aspect of the job I'm offering you would be modeling some of these products. We do the shooting right here in a studio I have downstairs. For a typical photo shoot you would probably average about $150 for a 45-minute session. The number of sessions would, of course, depend on business demand, but I'm sure you can count on a pretty good income from this part of the job. But that's only part what I have in mind for you. I'd also want you to continue working at my club a few nights a week, doing the strip shows that you've already shown you're very good at. I'd pay you $50 a show, with probably three shows a night, so you'd be making $150 a night, plus whatever you'd make in tips. How does that sound so far?"
While I was listening to the boss's sales pitch,and trying to do the math in my head, I was getting excited watching the boss's hands pulling Jamie's gstring over his cock and down his legs. As I watched him start to lick Jamie's hardening cock, I replied, "sure boss, sounds like some good money, and I do like to show my body off, so it sounds like fun, too. What you're doing with Jamie looks like fun, too."
"Scuze me a bit, Johnny, I just need to have a little refreshment."
With that he leaned over and took Jamie's cock in his mouth and began licking and sucking. I stood there mesmerized as Jamie thrust his cock into the boss's mouth. I moved closer and let my hands move down Jamie's back and over his ass. I wanted him as much as the boss did, but then the boss pushed Jamie away and turned back to me.
"Nice little interlude there, wasn't it, Johnny. I see you were wanting to get into the act. I like that. We'll have time for more play later, but let's first finish discussing business."
"Damn, I'm so hot I could explode just watching the two of you, boss. I'm ready to do whatever business you want me to."
"I'm glad to hear that, Johnny, because the most important part of the business I want you to get involved with could also be the most lucrative for you. You see, Johnny, I like to use my team members, and I mean the word 'members' literally here," he chuckled when he said this, "to entertain my best clients and get them into a contract signing mood." He was stroking Jamie's cock as he said this. "I get quite a list of returning customers this way, so your hot body would fit right into my business plan."
"I definitely could do that, boss," I replied. "Do you mean do private strip shows for them?"
"Well, Johnny, it's a little more that that. If you sign on with us, you'd be expected to meet with my clients on a one-on-one basis, entertain them in whatever way they want, which might be a personal strip show, but could mean much more. I want you to satisfy their sexual desires. You'd basically become their sex slave. Of course, you wouldn't have to do anything you didn't want to do, but the more pleasure you give them, the more they would want to give you generous tips. You could ask Jamie, here, since he's made some pretty good money this way, right Jamie?"
"Oh, yeah," Jamie said, "some of these guys can be very generous, and putting their tips together with the salary the boss pays, I'd say I'm making very good money. Plus, I'm having one hell of a good time."
"Wow," I said, "this does sound like a good way of making money and having fun. I have to admit that I'm becoming more and more excited thinking about male-to-male sex, especially with my experience back at the club, and watching the two of you, but what about this salary part of it. What kind of salary are we talking about?"
The boss replied, "my part of the bargain would be to pay you very well, Johnny. I'd pay your college costs, let you live here at the mansion if you want, as well as pay you $500 a session with my clients, so that, together with all the tips you'll make, could make you a pretty wealthy college boy. What do you think, Johnny, how does that sound?"
"It sounds damn good, boss, I sure would like to make the kind of money you're talking about,and I know I can do a pretty steamy strip show and I enjoy the hell out of having sex, but I'm just not sure I can do all the things your clients might want me to do. I mean I'm not really an expert at everything I've heard about or even dreamed about."
The boss looked me in the eyes and licked his lips as he said, "Oh, baby don't you worry about that. You've got a hot body, a beautiful cock, you like sex and based on what I saw last night, you're a quick learner. Jamie and I will make sure you're ready to meet our clients' demands, won't we, Jamie?"
"Oh fuck yes, boss, we'll do that for sure." Jamie walked over to my chair and held his hands out to me. I took his outstretched hands and let him pull me out of the chair. He peeled my t-shirt off, pulled me close and leaned his head toward mine. "Kiss me, Johnny, let's show the boss how you kiss." His tongue reached out to touch my lips, then his lips met mine, working his tongue inside my mouth. His hands went to my waist and unbuttoned the snap on my shorts, letting them fall to the floor. He began stroking my cock as my hands moved down his back to feel his ass and pull him even closer.
I was really hot, my rigid cock throbbing, when the boss rose out of his chair, "whew, slow down boys, wait for me." He moved beside us and stripped his clothes off. Built like a linebacker, the boss was shorter and thicker than either of us, but very muscular and fit. He started stroking his thick cock bringing it to at least 9 inches. I guess i stared a bit, because the boss said, "it's not just to look at Johnny, I want you and Jamie to suck it. Come over to the bed and get some sucking practice."
So there we were on the bed, all naked, feeling each other, sharing our bodies, when the boss said, "lick my cock, boys, one on each side, lick it up and down." We gladly obeyed, letting our tongues roam over his monster cock. "Ohhh, boys, you're doing this so fucking well, now take turns sucking it."
I went first, taking Boss's cock deep into my mouth, sucking and licking, trying to bring him to orgasm so I could taste his cum. But then, Jamie pushed me aside, taking his turn sucking, while I let my hands roam over Jamie's body. Suddenly the Boss's cock erupted in orgasm, cum oozing into Jamie's mouth and dripping over his face. I wanted some too and began licking cum off Jamie's chin, then letting my tongue move inside his mouth to share the taste of Boss's massive cumload. As Jamie and I continued cum-kissing and feeling each other's body, Boss lay back on the bed, completely satisfied and simply enjoying watching us embrace. Then his hands reached out to caress both of us, but mostly feeling my ass, letting his fingers move up and down the crack of my ass, then fingering my anus.
"This sweet ass needs to be fucked, Johnny. It needs it real bad. I saw you getting fucked at the club the other night. Seems like you enjoyed it? You want it again, don't you?"
"Yes, boss, It was fucking exciting, and, yes, I do want it again...and again. I want it now,".
"I'm too big for you right now, Johnny, but I'll want your ass after you've had more experience. Right now, I think starting with Jamie's long slim cock should be just what you need."
Jamie was slipping a condom over his cock as he moved behind me (I was to learn that the boss always wanted us using condoms). Boss was lubing me with his finger, fingering me, pushing in and out, stretching me. Then Jamie moved Boss' hand aside and shoved his cock between my ass cheeks, slowly entering me, then fucking me. I was so hot, it felt so good to be fucked, my cock was throbbing while Jamie was thrusting in and out, fucking me feverishly. Boss moved under me, taking my cock into his mouth, just as my orgasm came spurting out, filling his eager mouth with my hot cum. At the same time, Jamie's luscious body was gyrating as his orgasm filled my ass with his orgasm.
We laid there on the bed for awhile, all satisfied and exhausted, when the Boss said
"Well, Johnny, I think you're going to be an all-star member of our team, and I've got just the client for you to entertain next. You'll meet him at the club the day after tomorrow. I've got you scheduled to dance, and he's looking forward to seeing you strut your stuff."