Little White Lies
Chapter 12
Jessie
Thursday night
Once back inside the club, Daisy led her on a circuitous route that Jessie quickly understood was intended to throw Tyson, Daisy's boyfriend, off her trail. Knowing that he was the jealous type, Jessie didn't mind in the least as she dutifully followed her roommate's little sister. After several minutes of seemingly aimless wandering, Daisy went back over to where the group was with Jessie in tow.
As soon as they were noticed, Tyson approached and cocked his head at his girlfriend. "Where the fuck you been?" he asked, an irritated scowl on his face.
"There was a line in the bathroom," Daisy replied nonchalantly.
He seemed to accept the excuse for the moment but still didn't look pleased. Taking a long draw on his beer, he continued to glare in her direction.
Figuring that Daisy could probably use some help distracting him, Jessie glanced at her, then winked and nodded at Tyson. Without waiting for a reaction, she turned and grabbed Tyson's hand, then slid in nice and close to whisper. "Come on handsome, you haven't danced with me enough yet."
Tyson's scowl turned into a grin, and he immediately turned and began to lead her onto the floor. She stopped upon seeing Jason, Donna's little brother, still standing where he'd been most of the evening. He was perched up on a stool near the entrance to the dance floor, looking bored.
"One sec," Jessie said, winking at Tyson, then walked quickly over to where Jason was. Not bothering to ask, she grabbed his hand and pulled, winking sweetly and cocking her head at the dance floor. "Come on, sweetie," she said. "You haven't danced with me at all!"
The bored look on Jason's face immediately grew into a smile and he slid off the stool. Stumbling a bit as he rounded the railing, he got slightly red-faced as he looked at Jessie in embarrassment. She giggled and pulled, then walked him over to where Tyson was waiting and led both out onto the dance floor.
Donna and John were still dancing, as were Debbie and her wife. Jessie figured that Jason might open up a little more if he wasn't around any of his family, so she led the two boys a little bit away from the others.
"I, uh... don't know how to dance," Jason said, speaking directly into Jessie's ear.
She smiled and took his hands as Tyson moved around behind her and grabbed her roughly by the hips. As she started to move to the beat, Tyson moved his hands up and grabbed both of her breasts. She rolled her eyes at Jason after letting the groping go on for a few seconds, then reached up and slid them back down to her waist.
"You're worrying too much about what everyone else is thinking," she said, stepping in closer to Jason and pulling him to her. "Look at me. Do you like what I'm wearing?"
Jason's eyes immediately went to her tits, eliciting an amused giggle as she watched. He looked back up and nodded.
"Well, I didn't get all slutty like this just for my own benefit," she told him. "Don't you like how my tits look?"
Jason swallowed, his grin wide and his eyes dropping back down to her bouncing cleavage. Nodding, he looked back up for a few seconds before looking back down again.
"Just keep your eyes on them when you start to worry what people think," she told him. "The rest is just moving to the beat."
Jason's dancing was awkward, especially since he was more focused on watching her boobs jiggling in front of him. He was at least more focused on looking at her than Tyson was. All he seemed to want to do was to hammer his dick into her butt through their clothing.
"Whatever he's doing,"-she said, indicating Tyson as she whispered to Jason- "isn't dancing." She finished with a wink.
Jason smirked. Then, much to her delight, moved closer to her and slid his leg in between her own.
"There you go," she said, dropping down lower and letting her pussy nuzzle his thigh.
Daisy came over at that point and slid in between Jessie and Tyson. Glancing back, Jessie saw the pretty brunette kissing her boyfriend. Thankful that she was free of whatever type of dancing he'd been trying inflicting on her, Jessie was happy to be able to focus solely on her other dance partner.
Moving even closer to Jason, she pulled both of his arms up and around her. For several songs, the two danced together until Jessie felt the unmistakable nudge of his erection against her stomach. She glanced down and with amusement, seeing it tenting his blue jeans a bit.
"Aww... I gave you a hardon!" she said. Her face was beaming with pride as she looked up at him.
"Uh... I..." he stammered. "Sorry."
She glanced around to see if anyone was watching and saw that a few guys were quite obviously ogling her as she jiggled around the dance floor. That had never stopped her from being naughty before though, and she wasn't going to let it happen now. Reaching down between them, she gripped his bulge with her fingers and squeezed, then proceeded to gently stroke it as best she could through the fabric of his jeans.
"I wasn't complaining, silly," she said. "I'm just sad that Donna won't let me take care of it for you."
Jason swallowed hard, his eyes wide and hopeful.
"Although, she never actually told me I couldn't..." she added, letting the idea hang in the air.
His expression made her think that he might cum in his pants then and there. She was still dancing, even as she stroked his bulge, but he had lost all rhythm with the song that was playing. With a laugh, she finally let go of his package and stopped teasing him. A few songs later, she led him off the dance floor and got a drink of water. It wasn't long after that before the group came and found them.
"I'm gonna take her home," John said, an amused grin on his face as Donna clung almost savagely to him. She was kissing his neck and rubbing her hands up and down his chest as he held her close.
The rest of the group quickly decided that they were ready to go as well, and Jessie frowned at Jason.
"I guess I better get home myself," she said. "Thanks for dancing with me, though."
"Thanks, uh... yeah," he stammered nervously, though a smile broke through as she gave him a hug.
"I'll see you again, handsome," she assured him. He offered her an adorable wave before turning to follow the others. The group proceeded to wind their way out of the club, and Jessie waved as she got to her car and hopped in.
Aroused from all the dancing and all the flirting that she'd gotten to do, she wished that she could just go and see Dex for a quick fuck. With his test tomorrow, though, she wasn't about to interrupt his study time. She'd just have to play with her pussy when she went to bed that night.
Once she got to her parent's house, she hopped out and went inside. It wasn't too late for her parents to be up, and she waved when she saw the two of them watching the TV in the den. Going in, she said a quick hello and gave them both a kiss before excusing herself to head to her old bedroom.
As she passed by her brother's room, she was greeted by the alluring sight of Kayleigh in a camisole and a pair of matching panties. She was bent over at the waist and rummaging through her bag for something. Jake was already in bed, the sheet pulled up to his waist and a book in his hand.
"Hey," he called out, dropping his book as she peered in.
"Hey, guys," she said before stepping just inside the room.
Kayleigh turned and smiled. "Hey," she said. "Wow! You look so sexy!"
"Thanks," Jessie replied. "I was out at the club with Donna and her family."
"You want to come in and get comfortable?" Kayleigh asked, smiling at her.
"I'm all sweaty at the moment," Jessie said with a frown.
"Oh stop," Kayleigh said, coming over to give her a hug. "I'll make Jake give you a massage and we can talk."
Never one to pass up a massage or conversation, Jessie smiled happily and stepped in as Kayleigh nudged the door closed behind them. She stepped over to the bed and saw that Jake was already up and moving around behind her.
A quick kiss passed between the two. As she turned, Kayleigh was already asking about what went on at the club. Laying down in her normal position, her head in Kayleigh's lap, Jessie felt her brother unstrapping her shoes and sliding them off. His strong hands quickly began to rub and massage her feet, eliciting a groan of approval from her.
Though she left out the part about sucking her new friend off in the parking lot, Jessie told them everything else about the club and was thoroughly enjoying being pampered by the two. Jake worked from her toes up to her ankles, calves, and up to her lower thighs. As he began to move higher, she felt him push the slinky black dress she was wearing, up over her butt and then stop. She was about to move to take the dress off completely when she heard him chuckle.
"Babe, check it out," he said.
"Hmm?" Kayleigh asked, and Jessie felt her sister-in-law slide out from underneath her.
Glancing back to see what the fuss was, she suddenly remembered that she still had the butt-plug in place. Giggling, she looked back to see Kayleigh had moved around to where Jake was straddling Jessie's legs, and both were peering intently at her ass.
Resuming her comfortable position in Kayleigh's lap after the other girl had gotten her fill of looking at the butt-plug, Jessie was happy to answer the myriad of questions that her brother and his fiancé had concerning the object.
"So, why are you guys so curious about my plug?" she asked after a few minutes.
"Oh, we're always looking for new and fun things to do in the bedroom," Kayleigh said, stroking Jessie's hair again.
"You can give it a try if you're curious about anal," Jessie suggested.
"Oh, he's definitely curious about it," Kayleigh said.
Jake chuckled. "I'm still working on getting her to have sex with you," he said. "Anal sex is way down the list."
He began to rub her back again, and after feeling him push her dress up a few times, obliged him by moving around to take it off. Back in place a few seconds later, she heard Kayleigh snicker.
"Of course, Jessie ends up naked," she said.
"Is that bad?" Jessie asked, turning and looking up at her. She was briefly worried that Kayleigh didn't want her to be nude for some silly reason.
"No, it's just that your brother is constantly trying to get us naked," she replied.
Jessie giggled in response. "Lots of people try to get me naked," she clarified.
She felt her brother slide back into place and groaned when his hands began to rub and dig into the sore muscles in her back and shoulders.
"So... did you want me to take out the plug so that you can give it a try?" Jessie asked, turning to look up at Kayleigh again. "Actually, I need to take it out anyway," Jessie amended, getting up and walking from the room.
Returning a few minutes later after pulling the plug out and making sure everything was clean, she hopped back into bed and pouted at her brother until he sighed and moved back to finish his massage.
"So, what do you think?" Jessie asked, holding the plug up.
Taking it hesitantly, Kayleigh studied the sex-toy in her hands as Jessie slid back down to the bed and put her head back in Kayleigh's lap. Behind her, Jake playfully spanked her on the ass before starting to rub her back again. Giggling, Jessie wiggled her butt and was happy to feel his cock nestling between her thighs.
"I dunno," Kayleigh said. "I think we better start higher up Jake's list."
Jessie giggled and shrugged, sighing happily and letting her brother finish his massage.
"I think you'd have liked it," Jake said.
"I know you do," Kayleigh told him. "It's not your ass."
The three laughed at that, and Kayleigh sighed before continuing. "You know, Ihavebeen giving some thought to your request to watch your sister and I go down on each other," she said.
"Oh yeah?" Jake asked, and Jessie could hear the hopeful tone in his voice.
"Yep," Kayleigh admitted.
There was a long silence before Jake finally spoke again, still rubbing and massaging Jessie's back.
"And?" he asked.
Kayleigh had been sitting with her legs crossed, but a few seconds after Jake's question, Jessie felt the fingers in her hair tighten and lift, pulling her head up from the safety and warmth of her sister-in-law's lap.
"And..." Kayleigh began.
Both of her legs went wide, and she scooted her hips down into the bed. With her free hand, she reached down and pulled the panties that she'd been wearing out of the way.
"...I think that this..." she continued.
Suddenly staring at her sister-in-law's bald pussy, Jessie could smell her arousal. but only had a few moments to enjoy the sensations.
"...should answer your question," she finished, and pulled Jessie's already watering mouth down against her pussy, driving it snug against her.
"Oh, fuck yes!" Jake cried, and Jessie groaned as she felt him quickly getting harder.
She had managed to cry out in surprise a moment before she tasted her sister-in-law, then swiftly started devouring the fresh pussy she was getting served. Always thrilled to be used as a sex toy, she looked up at Kayleigh's fiery eyes and ran her tongue hard up the trough of her pussy, driving the tip back and forth across her clit a few times before starting over.
"Fuck," Kayleigh groaned as she tossed her head back. "Oohhh... that's incredible!"
Jessie grinned, still looking up as she worked on the writhing young woman.
"Fuck, that's so damn hot," Jake said, and Jessie was keenly aware of his erection nuzzling her butt cheek. She felt him move on top of her more as she continued to suck and slurp at his moaning fiancé.
"Oh God," Kayleigh grunted, and Jessie felt Kayleigh's other hand join the first in grabbing great handfuls of her hair.
"Damn," Jake groaned. "Jess, can I stick it in?" he asked, the words coming out all at once and sounding like he was pleading. "I need to fuck you."
Jessie nodded emphatically; her mouth still latched onto Kayleigh.
"You aren't allowed to fuck her, remember baby?" she grunted. "She promised Dex that her pussy was his and his alone."
Jessie groaned low, practically begging for her brother to do just that, and even arched her back and thrust her butt up at him to entice him.
"Fuuuuuuck," he grunted.
She felt him reach back between them and the head of his cock sliding up her slit, eliciting a moan as she noisily devoured Kayleigh.
"God... Jake," Kayleigh said. "She's so good."
Jessie whimpered in arousal at the thoughts swimming around in her head. Part of her wanted him to just shove it in her pussy, then and there, but another was equally as aroused at the idea of Dex making her save it for himself.
Jake solved the problem for her a few seconds later. She felt him lift her hips up a little more, then a felt dollop of wet spit hit her asshole. His bulbous cockhead pushed against the ooze, and she shuddered along the length of her body as he slowly began to push inside. Fighting to keep slurping at her sister-in-law's pussy, Jessie had to force herself to focus on her duties.
A few seconds later, she felt her brother slide completely and fully into her ass. She groaned in approval as he leaned back over the top and began to kiss her neck, slowly pumping in and out.
"Fuck... honey..." Kayleigh whined, and Jessie refocused on running her tongue across her clit again and again. "You two... so... so fucking... dirty... hot..." she whimpered, then cried out in pleasure as her body went ridged for a moment.
"Nnnguh!" Jessie groaned; the sound buried in Kayleigh's pussy.
"Oh my God this is so fucking hot," Jake grunted, pumping harder and harder into Jessie as she noisily munched on his fiancé's deliciously drenched pussy.
Kayleigh cried out again, both hands pulling hair on Jessie's hair and driving her tighter against her sex. Her tongue was a blur, sliding up and down Kayleigh's pussy and hard against her clit. Behind her, Jake was grunting like a beast as he slammed hard down into Jessie's ass. Both hands pulling hard on her shoulders, the room was awash with wet slaps, groans of pleasure, and pleas for it not to stop.
The pussy she was slathering her tongue through was convulsing madly as it orgasmed, and Jessie was quickly being driven closer to her own. Jake grunted again, cried out, and then slammed hard a final time into her as her own orgasm was driven to its peak. A flood of warm goo filled her ass, and she cried out as her body was filled with bliss. Everything else melted away and became a haze of thrusts, grunts, cries of pleasure, clutching hands and nude bodies.
Several long minutes later, she was finally able to come to her senses again and was vaguely aware of her brother's dick still being buried in her ass. They were still in bed but had fallen over on their sides and Kayleigh had disappeared.
Jessie heard a click and looked up, then giggled as she saw her sister-in-law holding Jessie's phone and taking pictures.
"I figured Dex might like one of these," Kayleigh said with a smile.
Jessie sighed and nodded, then relaxed against her brother as he pulled her tight back against him. The light went out a few seconds later, and Kayleigh rejoined the two in making a Jessie sandwich.
***
Early the next morning, Jessie was only vaguely aware of her surroundings. She could tell that Kayleigh was still in bed with her. The soft-skinned brunette was clutching at Jessie as if she were a security blanket or a pillow. Jake was either on the floor or had left the room. She confirmed his absence a few seconds later by reaching back and feeling the mattress behind her.
Kayleigh began to stir then, no doubt roused by Jessie's moving around. A soft kiss on the lips was the first thing her sister-in-law did that morning, and Jessie couldn't help but snicker.
"Mmm, good morning," Kayleigh whispered.
"Morning!" Jessie said happily though still a bit sleepily.
Kayleigh yawned and stretched, the two taking a few minutes to climb up out of the sleep haze they were in. A few minutes of silence and affectionate snuggling later, Kayleigh looked at Jessie directly.
"I'm sorry if that was too aggressive last night," she said quietly. "Are you okay?"
Jessie laughed hard at that and smiled at her brother's fiancé for a moment before she leaned back in and kissed her on the lips. Several long seconds later, she sat back and smiled.
"I didn't get a tattoo saying 'Sex-Toy' because it was funny," she said. "I love being used like that."
The brunette smiled widely and happily nuzzled her. "Good," she said. "You just... you're so darn cute and sexy. Whenever you snuggle up in my lap and let me play with your hair, I want to kiss you and pull you tight. I'd been thinking about asking if you and I could fool around and let your brother watch us, but then I saw the butt-plug."
"You got horny?" Jessie asked, amused.
Kayleigh snickered and nodded. "You were so good at that last night," she purred and laid back on the bed with a deep sigh. "God. I had no idea it could be like that."
"Mmm, well, I've had some practice lately," Jessie admitted. "Oh..." she said, sitting up on one elbow as a sudden thought occurred to her. "Did you want me to lick your pussy for you again?"
She watched as Kayleigh thought about it- and was just about to start to move down between her legs to start taking care of her- when her offer was declined. "Maybe some other time," she said.
"Deal!" Jessie replied happily, then snuggled back up against her.
"Were you okay with your brother having sex with you again?" Kayleigh asked, turning back to look at her again.
"Of course," Jessie confirmed. "I would have offered that to him last night if I'd known he was interested in anal."
Kayleigh giggled. "Well, don't tell him that. You'll never get him out of your butt."
The two laughed at the thought, then resumed their happy snuggling and quietly talked about the previous evening. After a short while, Jake came back to the bedroom with a towel around his waist and proceeded to get dressed.
Taking that as her cue to get up and get on with the day, Jessie reluctantly slid from Kayleigh's affectionate clutches and forced herself out of bed. After a brief stretch, she walked around the bed on her way out, but Jake stopped her with an outstretched hand.
"Thanks for letting me get in that ass," he said, kissing her on the forehead.
She glanced at Kayleigh and winked, then smiled up at him. "Well, it was a onetime deal so don't get used to it."
Jake frowned and looked at Kayleigh, then back down at Jessie suspiciously. Giggling, she slid from his grasp and left the room with a wave over her shoulder.
After taking a nice long shower, she went to her old room and got dressed for class.
*****
Dex
Thursday night...
"That's awesome," Dex said.
Jack grinned. "I know it's a little weird to see your brother's junk, but this chick was pretty adamant that I take a picture."
Dex laughed again but didn't reveal who the girl on his brother's phone actually was.
"It's all good, man," he said. "I'm glad you met her. She sounds fun."
"It's too bad she's got a boyfriend," Jack said. "She's a smoke show."
"She looks it," Dex agreed. "I think I'm gonna turn in."
"Yeah bud. Get some sleep for that test," Jack said.
With an amused laugh and a shake of his head, Dex turned and went back to his room. Lying in bed a few minutes later, he couldn't help but laugh a few more times at the circumstances. Looking forward to the weekend even more now, he couldn't wait to see the look on both of their faces.
***
Friday
The test proved to be as hard as he'd thought it was going to be, but his studying had ensured that he knew most of the correct answers. Walking to his truck the next day, he began to breathe easier knowing that the latest source of stress in his life was done with. Hopping in, he drove quickly to work. Once there, he started in on his tickets left over from the day before. Before long, he got a message from Jessie.
"Good morning!" she sent. "How's my perfect boyfriend? How'd the test go?"
Her text message had about ten love-themed emojis added to it, causing him to roll his eyes in amusement.
"Good morning baby!" he replied. "I'm good, and the test went great. Pretty sure I got an A, but it could be a B."
"Awesome! I'm so glad!" she replied.
He could tell that she was in a very chipper mood, just from the nature of her texts.
"Me too!" he sent. "So, did you have fun after you texted me last night?"
"So much fun!" she texted. "I'll have to tell you all about it. What time will I see you?"
"I'm working normal hours today, but I kinda want to see if I can take a half day and just come see you."
"Aww, you miss me?" she sent back.
"Nah." he replied, chuckling in amusement to himself. "I'm just horny."
She sent a shocked looking emoji and he grinned wider.
"Kidding honey!" he quickly texted. "Of course, I miss you. I can't wait to hear about what a bad girl you were."
"Well, now you have to take a half day so I can!" she replied.
He replied with a laughing emoji. "Give me a few mins and I'll let you know what Chase says."
Setting his phone down, he locked his computer and stood, then headed over to Chase's door. After a quick rap on the door, he heard the call to enter and opened slowly.
"Hey," he said, peering in.
"Hey, man," Chase said. "What's going on?"
"I was just going to see if I could take a half day," Dex said.
"Oh?" Chase asked. "Everything okay?"
He nodded quickly. "I'm good. I just haven't seen my girlfriend all week and was spending all my time studying for my test."
"Ah," Chase said, grinning. "Yeah, that should be fine." He wheeled his chair back from the desk a bit and tapped his desk a few times. "You know, I was thinking about what we were talking about before."
"What's that?" Dex asked, cocking his head.
"About Vicky," Chase replied. "I'm dying to see her in action, if you know what I mean. I'm not so deluded as to think I'd ever be able to convince Nicky to let me have a go, but I figured it might be possible to set the stage a bit and see if she'd be down to give a little show."
Dex chuckled but didn't really know what to say.
"Anyway," he said. "Would you be down to come over and hang out at our place some evening? I know that it's a long-shot but, I've got to at least try."
"Sure, man," Dex said with a shrug. Though he didn't think something like that was likely to happen, agreeing to it wasn't going to hurt anything, as far as he saw.
"Cool," Chase said with a grin. "That's all I had. Just make sure you finish out your current tickets before you roll out."
"Will do, sir," Dex said, turning and heading for the door.
"Catch you Monday," Chase called.
"Yep, have a good weekend," Dex replied.
Returning to his desk, Dex quickly grabbed his phone to give Jessie the good news.
"I'm going to be free after noon today," he sent. "Where am I meeting you?"
"Awesome!" came the expected reply. "I'm probably going to head back to the apartment in a little while. Do you want to just meet me there when you finish?"
"Hell yes!" he said.
"Should I be naked for you?" she asked.
"Depends." he sent. "Donna's family gonna be there?"
"Probably." she replied.
"Then yes!" he confirmed.
"Dirty dirty." she sent back. "I love you baby! See you soon!"
"Love you!"
Allowing himself only a few moments of musing about how wonderful Jessie was, Dex quickly went back to focusing on getting his work done so he could get out of there.
***
Though the next few hours dragged by slowly, Dex was able to get free just after lunch and hurried to his truck. After the short drive, he parked and hopped out, taking the steps two at a time. Expecting the normal routine of "Baby!" being yelled and his diminutive girlfriend leaping into his arms, he knocked once and then opened the door.
Donna was standing over near the bar, but hadn't heard him come in. She was facing away from the door and wiggling her hips strangely. He realized suddenly that she had earbuds in and saw the phone clutched in her hand.
Smirking, he stepped up behind her and stood there, waiting for her to sense him. Seconds passed, and she seemed to be very into the song she was listening to. Quietly laughing to himself, he sighed and considered what he should do.
Stepping up against her, he leaned forward and kissed her neck, then ran both hands around her waist and up under the loose hanging shirt. He stroked his fingers across the soft skin of her stomach while he nudged the bulge in his pants up between her ass cheeks. One hand pulled both ear plugs out with a single jerk, the other going to caress one of his arms.
"Did you finally have enough of looking at those sluts at the restaurant?" she asked.
As she spoke, Dex ran both hands up her stomach to her breasts, his fingers kneading the orbs for a few moments before he registered what she'd said. Something else struck him as odd then too, as he thumbed two metallic objects in each of her nipples. Donna didn't have nipple piercings.
The girl turned, and it was in that precise moment that Dex realized that he was in an extremely precarious position.
She realized that he wasn't who she'd assumed it had been and screamed. With painful precision, she hammered her knee into his nuts, backed up against the bar, and screamed again.
"What the hell was that?" an all-too-familiar voice called from the other room.
Dex was groaning on the ground and saw the strange Donna look-alike scurry away as the real Donna came around the corner from the hallway.
"Dex? What happened?" she asked, her brow furrowed. "Daisy, what did you do to him?"
Dex groaned weakly and rolled over to his side, clutching his wounded balls.
There were more footsteps, then he heard laughing and several different female voices.
"Baby?" Jessie said, kneeling quickly beside him. "Aww... are you okay honey?" she asked. It looked like she was trying very hard not to laugh.
"My balls," he grunted. "Gone."
"Awww, honey," she said. "What happened?"
He shook his head and focused on surviving the next few minutes while his testicles descended once again and recovered from the solid blow they'd just taken. After a few more seconds, he was able to breathe better and was eventually able to work himself up to a sitting position.
Jessie and Donna helped him up, and after standing he was finally able to see the rest of the people that had joined the scene.
"Are you okay?" Donna asked, a whimsical grin only barely concealed in response to his predicament.
He nodded, quickly taking a seat at the table as Jessie pulled out a chair.
"I'm sorry," he said, still wincing at the pain still reverberating in his nuts. He glanced up and saw the mirth-filled face of the girl that he'd scared. Glancing around, he saw two other women in addition to Donna and Jessie. All of them looked amused.
"What happened?" Jessie asked, looking at the girl that had kneed him in the nuts.
Dex couldn't help but chuckle, but the action made him wince in pain again and he groaned.
"Well, I was standing over there listening to music and not paying attention. I felt someone come up and hug me from behind. I thought Tyson had come back. But when I turned around, I saw that it wasn't him and freaked!"
The girls in the room laughed.
"Again, sorry," he told her. "I thought..."
"He thought you were Donna," one of the other girls said.
Dex nodded.
"This is Dexter?" the girl that kicked him in the balls asked.
Jessie and Donna both nodded, and Dex noted the continued amusement in their faces.
"Oh no," she cried. "Oh... I'm so sorry!"
Dex shook his head. "Trust me, I deserved it," he said. "I wasn't thinking straight, and I paid the price."
"Dex," Donna said, still full of giggles. "You dirty, dirty boy, this is my little sister Daisy. That,"-she continued, pointing to the third dark-haired girl in the room-"is my older sister Debbie, and that's her wife, Natalie. Please try not to grope them."
He chuckled at her pointedly, then offered the other two a small wave.
"Girls, this is Jessie's boyfriend, Dex," Donna finished.
It was clear that all five were amused at his predicament, but he really did deserve it in his opinion. After exchanging a few pleasantries and greeting Donna's family, Dex stood up to see how everything felt. Debbie and Natalie disappeared back down the hall as he steadied himself on the table.
"That's what you get," Donna said.
She had a single eyebrow raised and a very satisfied expression on her face.
"You're happy his balls were smashed?" Jessie asked, voicing his own thoughts.
"I wouldn't say happy," Donna said. "But I suppose that Daisy is lucky you didn't just grab her and shove something in since you thought it was me."
Daisy blushed a bright red and glared briefly at Donna.
"Well, she was dressed," Dex joked, and was pleased to see Donna and Jessie both laugh at that. "I'm kidding," he said, looking at Daisy.
She was still blushing but smiled and shrugged at him. "Are you... okay?" she asked.
"I will be," he confirmed.
Debbie and Natalie came back then and looked at the two sisters. "Are y'all ready?" Debbie asked.
"I'm just gonna stay here I think," Daisy said. "I'm still a little rattled and I should wait for Tyson to come back."
Feeling bad, Dexter was about to offer another apology when he saw Donna turn and look at her younger sibling. The expression on her face made him think she didn't believe her little sister.
"Okay," Donna said after a few seconds. "He's the one that stormed off, though."
"Donna..." Daisy protested, but Dex saw Donna throw her hands up and move to the other two.
"You guys are leaving already?" Jessie asked.
"Just doing a little shopping," Donna said. "We'll be back."
Jessie seemed pleased with that answer and went back to fussing over Dex.
A few seconds later, Donna, Debbie, and Natalie had left the apartment, and Daisy had retreated back to Donna's room.
"Can you walk?" Jessie asked.
Dex chuckled. "Yeah, I'm okay baby. Is your room occupied?"
She smiled and shook her head, but then scowled at him. "You haven't kissed me yet, mister."
Pulling her close, he clutched her tight and kissed her deeply. He relished her pleasant smell, the softness of her body against his, and the sneaky little moans and whimpers that escaped as she kissed him.
"I missed you," he said.
"I missed you more," she whispered, clutching him even tighter.
After a few more minutes of kissing, he finally let her pull him to her room, albeit slower than normal. Sitting on the bed, he saw her give a half-hearted kick at the door and watched it swing about halfway closed.
"How are your balls?" she asked, sitting down next to him.
"Getting better," he said. "I should be okay."
"Are you going to be able to play tonight?" she asked.
"Yeah, I better be," he replied.
She frowned, then looked down at his crotch. "I should probably check and see if they're okay, huh?"
He laughed at that, but then winced at the latent pain that rolled up from his gut. Jessie was instantly pulling his belt off and working to get his pants down. After a bit of work, she managed to get his pants off, though she had to pause and take his shoes off before she could finish. He slid his own underwear down, then let her take them past his knees. Tossing them aside, she leaned in and gingerly lifted the two orbs, then made him chuckle as she planted a gentle kiss on each.
"I sure hope you can recover in time for tonight," she said, looking up at him. "I want to suck your dick right now, but I don't want to hurt you."
"I know," he frowned. "I'm good for now, babe. Why don't you tell me about your week?"
Her face lit up at the suggestion and she quickly disappeared to grab her phone. A few seconds later she was back and joining him in getting situated at the head of the bed.
"Okay," she said as she started to unlock it, "I really hope you like what a bad girl I was. At first, I wasn't able to be that naughty, but I think you'll find that I was able to work things out."
Dex could only imagine what other shenanigans she'd gotten up to and could even feel the arousal growing before he'd even seen anything.
It started out harmless enough. She began to thumb through the pictures with him and talked about each one. The first few were of her in her Double D's uniform, with some even showing her topless. She would even talk about the person that had request the picture, talking about how nice they'd been or what kind of tip they'd left.
"I kind of just started making them take a second picture for me after they got what they wanted," she admitted. "That's where most of the ones of me in uniform come from."
Dex chuckled but didn't look away. As the pictures went by, he found himself surprised at the low number of people that were grabbing her in any moderately provocative way. Most had the "hover-hand" thing going on, and only one two had actually put their hands even close to her tits.
While Jessie was focused on pointing out something in one of her pictures, Dex noticed some movement by the door and saw Daisy dart back out of sight just a second too late.
Jessie must have noticed him look up, as she looked at him questioningly. He nodded toward the door and smirked. Jessie glanced down at his crotch and smiled when she saw the moderately hard erection he was sporting.
"Keep looking at the pictures," she whispered. "Her boyfriend is a jerk and Donna wants her to leave him."
"Mm," he said, quietly voicing that he understood.
"I'll be right back," she added, speaking loudly. She winked at him and slid off the bed, then padded quietly toward the door. She peered out the doorway and then disappeared.
Dex looked back down at the phone and smirked, then thumbed to the next one. Several more flashed by, and soon he was rewarded with a much more provocative picture. He easily recognized Jessie on her knees but looked twice at the girl kneeling next to her. He frowned, then suddenly realized that it was Kayleigh, her future sister-in-law.
Wide-eyed, Dex studied the picture and marveled at the sight of his girlfriend with her brother's dick in her mouth. Swiping through the pictures, he saw them in various poses and positions. The end had Jessie and Kayleigh kissing with a load of cum in their mouths, and he quickly noticed how ridiculously hard his dick had become.
The next pictures showed the fun that she had with Jack, and Dex thumbed through them relatively quickly, worried that she might come back and see that he'd spoiled the surprise. Finally, he reached the picture that Jack had shown him of Jessie with the load of cum and his own brother's dick in her mouth. He felt his cock throbbing from the arousal and had to take a moment to calm himself down.
Chuckling, he thumbed the picture away to make sure there weren't anymore, then almost dropped the phone. Wide-eyed, he brought the phone up to his face and studied it to make sure he wasn't hallucinating.
She was naked and laying on her left side in bed, sweat dappling her body and making her glisten. Her spectacularly perky breasts looked incredible in the position she was in, though one was cupped firmly in a masculine hand.
Behind her, her brother was spooning her. He didn't shy away from looking at the erection her sibling was sporting but couldn't believe that it was lodged firmly up her ass. He felt the throbbing in his own erection intensify at the sight.
Quickly using his fingers to make the picture bigger, he saw the ivory goo oozing from around her brother's shaft and felt his cock pulsing harder. Shaking his head, he swiped back quickly to the picture that Jessie had left the room at, then set the phone down.
His mind reeling, he fought back his arousal and desire to go and impale his ever-surprising girlfriend and forced himself to focus. Taking a breath, he thought back to the conversation he'd had with her earlier that week.
He'd deliberately been specific in what his "rules" were for her. Clearly, he hadn't realized that anal sex was an option that was on the table for his girlfriend. He took a second to figure out how he felt about it, but the raging erection that was growing harder by the second served to answer the question for him.
The little minx had actually gone and done it! She'd been a bad girl. She done things that made him ridiculously horny, jealous, and surprised all at once.
She'd done exactly what he'd told her was okay. He never told her she couldn't have anal sex. He hadn't thought that it would have been an option for her. She'd never mentioned that she'd even done it before.
He couldn't help but smile and shake his head. Picking up her phone again, he started to slowly thumb through the tamer pictures of her. Only a minute later, he heard low voices.
"It's fine, I promise," Jessie was saying.
"I shouldn't," came the reply from Daisy.
"You're being silly," Jessie said. "The front door is locked, so if Tyson comes back, you'll have time to leave the room. You admitted that you wanted to see one as big as Dex's, so stop being ridiculous and come have a look!"
There wasn't a response that time, and Dex saw the door open wider a few moments later. Looking back down at the phone, he pretended not to notice the two for a second.
"Oh... my... God!" Daisy said immediately.
"Oh... honey!" Jessie added, giggling. She bounced up onto the bed and snuggled up to him, her hand sliding around his shaft and gripping it tightly. "I guess you liked my pictures?"
"I just missed you," he said, chuckling. "I stopped looking when you left."
Jessie giggled, then turned and looked at Daisy, beckoning her over. "It's okay, really." She glanced at Dex with a knowing smile. "I wanted to show you off to Daisy, if that's okay."
Dex shrugged, still distracted by the thoughts of Jessie having a cum-coated dick in her ass and not really being able to focus on much else. "I'm kinda used to you showing my dick to your friends."
"That thing is scary," Daisy said, her eyes wide. "How..." she stammered. "I..."
"He's really turned on," Jessie explained, causing Daisy to glance up for a moment then back down at his shaft. Joining him a few seconds later, his girlfriend reached down and started to stroke again.
"So that's what that was," she said. It sounded like she was musing about a fond memory but was still staring hard at his cock.
"What was?" Jessie asked.
"Oh... when he came up behind me and hugged me," Daisy said. "I could feel something poking me in the butt. Let's just say that it wasn't something I'm used to with Tyson."
"Oh!" Jessie said and gave Dex a subtle wink.
Daisy looked like she was going to join them on the bed, but then there was a loud knock on the door to the apartment. With a cry of alarm, she bolted from the room and closed the door behind her.
Jessie giggled at the sight, then looked back at Dex. "Sorry," she said. "That really didn't go as planned."
Dex barely registered her words, his mind having conjured an image of what she might have looked like when her brother was fucking her in the ass. Her hair cascading around her shoulders and bouncing around with each thrust, he'd imagined her on her knees. Jake was kneeling behind her and hammering his dick into her cute little ass while his fiancé took pictures of the highly taboo act.
"Wanna keep looking at my pictures?" she asked.
Dex snapped back to reality and grinned stupidly at her, nodding his head. Bouncing happily, she grabbed her phone from his hand and started to thumb through again.
"Okay..." she said after explaining a few more of the tamer ones, "I think we're getting into kinkier territory." As she spoke, she turned the phone away and swiped to the next picture, concealing the screen from him for a few seconds. "Yep!" she confirmed, giggling and holding the phone to her chest.
"Let's see it!" Dex said, playing his part.
She seemed hesitant for a second and looked over at him. "You have to be honest and tell me if this isn't okay though," she said. "I had fun doing all this stuff, but I love you. I don't want anything to come between us."
Dex smiled and kissed her on the cheek. "I promise I'll tell you how I feel," he said. "I told you to be yourself, remember? I know what I was allowing."
Jessie hesitated a moment longer, then held the phone up and quickly swiped back to the previous picture before scooting back close to him.
"So, I know you already know about my brother and I," she said. "It had been a while since he and I had been able to play, several months before you and I started dating in fact. So, when I went over a few days ago, he was giving me a massage while Kayleigh and I talked about stuff."
She swiped back to the picture of her on her knees next to Kayleigh in front of Jake. Holding it up for Dex to see, she looked up at him intently. Dex knew he had to play this right so that she didn't get hurt feelings.
"That is so fucking hot," he said after a few seconds. "Damn baby," he added with a big smile. From the corner of his eye, he saw the trepidatious look on her face change to excitement, a grin appearing as well.
"Keep swiping," she said. "We were really just talking about you and I, and how things are going. I was a little sore from work, so Jake offered to give me a massage. The conversation turned to sex, of course, and I asked Kayleigh if Jake was still trying get her and I to have sex so he could watch. She said that, 'Of course he is,' and I offered to let her try it with me. She wasn't ready though and suggested that we just play with Jake instead. So, we did!"
When she'd finished, they'd reached the last picture of that set.
"Baby that was so fucking hot," he said. He was laying it on a little thick, but he wasn't lying. It really was hot, and it was exactly what he'd expected her to do, just not who he was expecting to see her do it with.
"I'm so glad you like it," she said. "But I have more if you're ready to see them."
He nodded quickly, grinning down at her.
She immediately went about talking about meeting "this really nice guy" at her job and then again at the club. Dex was surprised to learn that Daisy was the one taking the pictures, though. After they'd finished that set, she held the phone to her chest and told him about the fun she'd had in the club.
From her description, Daisy's boyfriend did sound like a complete tool. He felt a kinship with Donna's younger brother, though, having been in his shoes a few times before he'd met Jessie. He could relate to being shy and wanting to meet or talk to girls at a club but not knowing what to do. She seemed so happy to have been able to get him to dance with her and seemed proud to have gotten him a little bit out of his shell.
"So, after we all left, I went back to mom and dad's house. Before I could get to my room, though, Kayleigh saw me and we started talking again," she continued.
She suddenly turned and looked at him curiously for a second, as if she were trying to figure something out. "I told you about Donna giving me the butt-plug, right?"
Dex raised an eyebrow and stared at her for a second. "The what?"
"I know I told you this," she said with a frown. "I didn't?"
Dex was mildly surprised to learn that after Jessie and John had left Dex and Donna alone a few days ago after their foursome, Jessie had felt like giving John a reward for being "such a good friend to her and boyfriend to Donna," as she put it, and had told him that she wanted to try anal. She then pointed out that it made sense to try it with John first since he had a small dick, and that she wasn't sure that Dex would even fit.
"Plus," she continued, "it was just a spur of the moment thing, and I knew that you'd already given him permission to have my pussy so it's not like letting him in my ass was any big deal anyway."
Dex chuckled in amusement, marveling at how his girlfriend's mind worked.
"So anyway, the next day Donna and I were talking, and I confessed that I loved it. So, she gave me a butt-plug to wear."
Dex could only laugh at the newest revelation.
"Look," she said, sliding off the bed and turning around. Quickly pulling her pants down, she bent over a bit and reached back to spread her cheeks. There, nestled comfortably between her butt cheeks, he saw the gem cap of the butt-plug.
"That's... pretty?" he said, eliciting a giggle. Pulling her pants back up, she rejoined him on the bed.
"So anyway," she continued. "I'd been wearing the plug all day and I kind of forgot that it was there. Kayleigh and Jake found it pretty funny when he saw it after he started giving me another massage. We were talking about his list of things he been trying to get Kayleigh to do, and anal happened to be one of them. Well, my brother's massage was really turning me on, and Kayleigh is always so sweet and affectionate. I normally just like to lay in her lap and let her play with my hair, so that's usually the position we're in when we were talking. I'd already told them about you letting me get flirty and that whole conversation, so Kayleigh knew that I could be used like the sex-toy I am."
Dex nodded, smiling at her as she looked up at him.
"But, like I said, we were talking about Jake's fantasies. I offered to let Kayleigh try the plug, which I'd taken out by this point. She decided that she wasn't ready though, and instead told my brother that she'd let him watch something else. So then, she just pulls her panties aside and shoves my face between her legs!"
Dex felt his cock throb at the provocative imagery.
"Mmm," he grunted, having to close his eyes for a second. "I, uh... I guess you enjoyed that."
"God," Jessie gushed. "I couldn't believe it, but you know how much I love to go down on someone. I just started licking her as best as I could, and she loved it! But Jake loved it even more and he asked if he could start fucking me."
Dex smirked and looked at her directly. She had a mischievous grin on her face.
"Kayleigh reminded him that my pussy belonged to you," she said, biting her lip.
The vivid imagery her story was evoking was extremely hot, and Dex felt his cock pulsing with arousal.
"You, uh..." he said, swallowing hard. "You wanted him to fuck you, didn't you?"
Jessie looked at him with her mischievous smile, then nodded after teasing him a few seconds. "I was really naughty. I even poked my butt up more so he might accidentally slip inside. But he had more self-control than I did."
Dex swallowed hard, knowing what was coming next but still not really believing that it had actually happened!
"So, this is what we did instead," she said, sliding her finger across the screen and changing the picture. "This was actually after we finished," she added.
Dex took the phone from her and pulled it up to widen the image. "Fuck... that's so dirty," he groaned. Beside him, Jessie giggled. A few seconds of hungrily staring at the image later, Dex dropped the phone and yanked her over into his lap. Her giggling renewed, she slid easily on top of him and the two started passionately kissing.
After a few minutes, Jessie was trying to work her pants off when they both heard the front door open and several voices filtering into her room.
She frowned. "I think we might need to do this later," she said.
Dex winked, then sat back up. As expected, there was a knock on the door.
"Give us just a min," Jessie called.
"Sorry!" came the reply from outside.
A few minutes later, Dex was dressed again. Pulling Jessie up to him, he kissed her then ran a hand along her cheek. "I love the pics baby," he said. "I'll show you how much later."
She sighed happily and clutched at him for a few more seconds. After a final kiss, they left the bedroom and saw Natalie waiting just outside the door.
"Sorry guys," she said. "I didn't mean to disturb you."
"Oh, it's no problem," Jessie said.
Following her into the living room, Dex saw that a few new people had arrived.
"Sexy Dexy!" John called out, coming over and giving him a hug.
"Hey, man," Dex said.
"Dex, this is my little brother, Jason," Donna said.
He looked up and saw her with her arm around a dark-haired younger guy. He looked just as shy and awkward as Jess had described. Dex smiled and nodded at him.
"And that's Daisy's boyfriend, Tyson," she finished.
Her tone was cheerful, though Dex could practically taste the disapproval in her tone. He nodded curtly and reached out to shake the other guy's hand as he stepped closer.
With the introductions over, the group started to settle down on the furniture and talk. As always, the conversation started innocently enough but eventually got turned around to sex.
"I'm just surprised to see Jessie with clothes on," Debbie said, grinning. Jessie was practically sitting on Dex's lap in one corner of the couch. She giggled when she heard Debbie speak.
"Yeah, I know Jason's pretty disappointed," Tyson said.
"Like you aren't," Jason added.
Dex quietly applauded the younger guy's moxie.
"Shit, I expected to find her and Dex fuckin' in the middle of the floor here," John said, grinning widely.
"That would certainly not be out of the ordinary," Donna said with a shrug.
"Maybe with you instead of me," Jessie said. "I think you get to play with him more than I do."
"Y'all are so freaky," Debbie said, shaking her head.
"Don't hate," Donna said, scowling her sister's way.
"I'm not hating," Debbie replied. "You can have sex with whoever you like."
"Damn right," John added with his characteristic wide grin.
"John and Dex are all I need," Donna said. "With a little Jessie on the side," she added.
"Actually, I half expected to find my girlfriend being used by one of you lot when I came over," Dex said, drawing some laughs.
"No, no, no," Donna said, shaking her head. "My family isn't allowed to have any 'Jessie,'"
Dex saw his girlfriend pout dramatically and noticed a subtle eyeroll from Jason.
"As a matter of fact, no one is going to be having any Dexter either," Donna added sternly.
Dex raised an eyebrow as he glanced over, seeing her staring at her siblings.
"What about me?" Jessie asked, raising her hand and giggling.
"Yeah," John said. "Me too!"
The group laughed and Donna sighed, rolling her eyes and shaking her head.
"Uh, that's not going to be a problem," Debbie said. "I'm a lesbian, remember? Plus, Daisy's boyfriend is sitting right there."
"I was just putting it out there," Donna said, and Dex caught the subtle glance she cast over at Daisy.
As the banter continued, Dex noticed that the younger sister kept looking his way and was reacting more to things that he was saying than any of the others. It started innocently, but after several minutes it was getting a little more obvious that she was pretty taken with him.
Dex tried to play it cool and not show her any more attention than anyone else. He laughed and talked with everyone equally, but more than once he saw a hard expression cross Tyson's face.
The group continued to laugh and talk for at least an hour, and Dex quickly decided that he liked Donna's family. The sisters were all gorgeous, as John had previously said, and Jason seemed to be a decent guy. Conversation eventually drifted away from sex and back to more normal topics.
As John was telling a story, Tyson stood up dramatically and left the room in a huff. "Babe?" Daisy called, standing up and following.
Dex looked at Donna with a raised eyebrow and got an eyeroll and a shake of her head in response. The air in the room quickly grew uncomfortable, and the low murmur of voices in the other room soon escalated into a full-fledged shouting match.
After a few more minutes, Tyson emerged again, scowling angrily and holding his bag. Without a word, he stormed to the door and left the apartment.
Both Donna and Debbie stood and went to check on their sister, but she emerged before they could get far, red-faced and tear streaked.
"Did he really just leave?" Debbie asked.
Daisy nodded but didn't offer an explanation.
The mood soured; the girls all disappeared to Donna's room to talk with Daisy.
"So, he seems like kind of an ass," Dex said, looking at John and Jason.
"Yeah, he's a fuckin' prick," Jason confirmed. "I hate his ass."
"He's definitely one insecure dude," John said.
Dex sighed and quickly decided to change the subject and lighten the tension in the room.
"So, Jessie told me that you got to dance with her last night," he said.
Jason swallowed hard and shrugged noncommittally.
"No, it's all good man!" Dex said quickly. "She's a good dancer and fun to be with. I'm glad she was looking out for you."
Jason grinned widely then. "Yeah, she was pretty cool for letting dance with her last night. You're lucky to have such a hot girlfriend."
"Dude, don't I know it," Dex said, laughing along with the obviously still nervous young man. "What about you? With your looks, I'm sure you've got a pretty smokin' girl yourself."
Jason chuckled. "I haven't had a serious girlfriend yet," he said. "I just graduated, but I'm looking forward to meeting some college girls."
"You still thinking of coming here?" John asked.
Jason shrugged. "Not sure," he said. "Do uh... lots of girls go to school there?"
John and Dex both laughed. "Yeah, man," John confirmed. "The pickings are pretty good. You gotta come here and get you a girl that you can slide yer dick in from time to time. Shit, get good at eatin' pussy and you'll never be alone."
Jason laughed and shrugged. "I've never been with a girl, much less have one to practice with."
A mischievous thought entered Dex's head, but he was interrupted by the gaggle of chattering girls emerging from the bedroom.
"You're being ridiculous," Debbie called, the group following the still upset Daisy. The line of girls left the apartment, but Jessie reappeared a few seconds later.
"Everything okay?" John asked.
Jessie sighed as she stepped over to where Dex was. "Daisy's still upset, but the others are calming her down. She said she wanted a latte, so that's where they're going."
She started to sit but stood back up before she could get comfortable. "I need a drink. Can I get anyone else something?"
Smiling, Dex shook his head, a plan forming in his mind. The other two also having declined, Jessie turned and disappeared into the kitchen.
"Back to what we were talking about," Dex said. "I didn't ever go down on a girl until college either man. It's not a thing to be ashamed of."
Jason nodded. "Yeah, I know. I just haven't had an opportunity."
Dex chuckled then looked toward the kitchen, still hearing Jessie rummaging around inside.
"Come on," he said, grinning at both John and Jason. "I've got an idea."
The two looked over at him, curious.
"Trust me."
Standing, he was happy to see Jason following he and John as they went to the kitchen. Without hesitating, Dex walked in and surprised Jessie as she was reaching for a glass.
"Oh!" she said, clutching her chest for a moment. "I would have brought you someth..."
Dex stopped her mid-sentence and without warning, reached down and began to pull her pants off.
She looked down, then back up at him, but by then he was pulling them down to her knees.
"Uh," she stammered, but lifted her feet up, one at a time, and let him pull the jeans completely off.
"Up," he said, standing and patting the counter.
She looked at him, still confused, so he sighed and lifted her up.
"Lean back a bit, there," he said, positioning her on the countertop while she continued to stare in confusion. "Come closer," he said, gesturing at Jason.
The young man looked nervous but seemed eager at the opportunity he was being given.
Jessie was clearly aroused, having finally figured out what was going on. Sitting on the counter with her legs spread wide, she had her feet up and out of the way. She was looking down, chewing her lip as Dex started to show Jason her different parts.
"Alright, I know you probably had all this in health class, but all girls are different to a point," he said.
The grinning young man nodded eagerly, listening intently as Dex started to go over the different parts, pointing them out and naming them.
"Ignore the butt-plug in her ass for now," Dex said, tapping the gemmed cap. "She's recently gotten into anal sex cuz she's my little slut."
Jason's grin got even wider, and Dex couldn't help but smile. He was definitely enjoying this.
After pointing out her perineum, he gently spread her lips and displayed her labia majora and minora, then pointed out the urethra and probed briefly into her vagina.
"See how she's a little wet?" he asked, spreading her once more. "John, can you take this other side?"
Without a word, John's hand replaced his own as the three crowded in closer.
"Thanks," Dex said. "There, see that?" He gestured to the glistening ooze that was subtly leaking from her.
Jason nodded, peering intently.
"She's turned on," John said. "That's not always the case with girls, though. Sometimes they get wet, sometimes they don't."
"Yeah," Dex confirmed. "And just because a girl is wet, doesn't mean she's turned on. But with Jessie, she really likes being used like this, so it's really turning her on."
Jason nodded, still looking nervous. "Does it uh... can you like... ingest that?"
Dex smiled. "Yeah, it won't harm you," he said.
"What's it like?" Jason asked, looking up Dex for a moment.
"It's not like some nectar of the gods, but it's not unpleasant," Dex said.
"Yeah, I love that taste," John said.
"Go ahead," Dex said, nodding at Jason.
"Wait," John said. "You eighteen?"
Jason laughed at that, appearing to relax a little. "You know I am, dude."
John grinned and patted him on the back. "I'm just fuckin' with ya. Go ahead man."
Reaching up, Jason brought his hand up tentatively, but then stopped and looked Jessie.
"Is uh... is this okay Jessie?" he asked.
She whimpered, and Dex laughed.
"She doesn't get to have a say about things like this," Dex said. "At least in this apartment. When she's here, she's free to use however people see fit. The only thing she's not allowed to let happen is vaginal sex."
"Cuz dat pussy belongs to my boy here," John said, clapping Dex on the shoulder.
The guys chuckled, then refocused on the aroused pussy on display in front of them.
Again, Jason looked at Dex for confirmation.
"Yeah man, go ahead," he said, amused.
The young man reached out then, sliding gently into her as she lay there, her thighs spread wide for easy access, her arousal oozing freely from her pussy. Pulling his finger back, Jason rubbed the liquid between his fingers and looked at Dex curiously. "It's like... slick."
"Well, it's her natural lubricant," Dex replied, getting a nod in response.
The young man popped his finger into his mouth then and sucked, causing Jessie to moan lowly at the sight.
"Ooo, little slut liked that," John said with a wide grin and a laugh.
"Hell yeah she did," Dex confirmed. "How was it?" he asked, looking at Jason.
"Amazing," he replied, his excitement obvious.
Dex chuckled, then went back to educating the young man. "So, this little baby here," he said, reaching up and pulling back the hood over her clit. "This is the clitoris."
Jason leaned in again, looking closely for a minute before he nodded.
"So, that's like, the most sensitive spot on her body," Dex said. "You'll have to figure out what a girl likes though."
"Yeah, some like it when you pay attention to the clit, but some are just too sensitive there," John confirmed.
"It's all about being able to read the reactions of the girl you're with," Dex said.
Jason smiled. "Man, this is incredible. You guys are awesome for showing me this stuff."
Dex smiled, then saw Jason step back.
"Thanks man," he said. "You're the coolest."
Dex laughed. "Shit, I wasn't done yet," he said. "You don't have to, but do you want to learn how to eat her pussy?"
Jason looked at him in surprise, then over at John.
"Shit, if you don't, I'm going to," John said.
On the counter, Jessie moaned lowly again, but continued to hold still in her precarious position.
"In fact, if one of us doesn't get to it, she might melt right through the counter there," John said, getting a few laughs from Dex and Jason.
"You okay baby?" Dex asked, but only got a hurried nod in response. It was clear she was really wanting to get to the really fun stuff.
Jason still looked a little trepidatious, though, so Dex decided to spur him on a bit.
"Remember, she's really turned on right now," he said. "I'll bet she's thinking about how much she wants you to eat her pussy, or maybe how it's going to feel."
Jessie whimpered, a groan of protest following it.
"Maybe I should watch you," Jason said. "I don't want to hurt her."
"Don't be shy, bud," Dex said. "As long as you don't like... bite her pussy really fuckin' hard, you won't hurt her."
"Yeah bro," John confirmed. "You've got this. Get in there."
Jason took a deep breath then and paused for a second. Then, leaning in, he paused again right before he reached her pussy and stopped.
Jessie cried out in pure frustration at the delay. "Fuuuuuuck," she groaned, causing the Dex and John to laugh.
"Start here, Jase," John said, sliding his finger midway down her slit.
"Everything is going to feel good to her," Dex said. "But as you get more practice, you'll learn what usually feels better."
Jason turned back to face her pussy again, then stuck his tongue way out and ran it up her slit a single time.
"Nnngh... fuuuuuuck," Jessie groaned in protest as the young man pulled back.
"Dude, you're gonna make her have a stroke," John said, laughing.
"Sorry," Jason said, blushing a bit.
Dex chuckled and shook his head. "It's all good man. Don't be afraid of the taste."
"And don't be embarrassed in front of me and Dex," John added. "Every dude is new at this at some point and neither of us are judging you."
Jason nodded and leaned back in. This time, he slid his tongue up her slit, then did it again. Briefly stopping to look up at her face, he started in on her again, but didn't seem to want to just bury his face in her.
"Get in there, man," John said. Jason glanced over, causing him to chuckle. "Here," John said, and gestured for the young man to slide out of the way.
Jason stepped back, and John immediately buried his lips and tongue into Jessie's pussy. Her reaction was immediate, a low groan of approval escaped her lips and she nodded vigorously.
"See, he looks like he's just attacking her, but he's actually licking up to her clit," Dex said. After watching for a little longer, he turned and asked, "You wanna try again?"
Jason was still watching intently, but then nodded, adding a "yeah" after a few distracted seconds.
John licked for another few strokes, then grinned and stepped back to let Jason take his place.
Finally, he was starting to get the hang of it and was doing it much better than before, Jessie's emphatic whimpers and cries of pleasure proving that fact.
"Now don't stop licking," Dex said, "but take your middle and index finger and slide them inside her, palm up."
Jason hesitated, but then started to do ask Dex had said.
"Deeper," Dex added, seeing how the young man only had them slightly inserted. "That's it. Now... you feel that smooth flesh above your fingers?"
Jason nodded, still licking as best he could.
"G-spot," John said. "Rub gently back and forth. She'll lose her fuckin' mind."
Dex grinned, seeing his girlfriend's eyes roll back in her head as the novice devouring her pussy forced her orgasm closer.
Jason grinned wider, then chuckled as he continued to lick and slide his fingers in and out. Only a few seconds later, Jessie grunted deeply, her head and neck coming up a bit to gaze down as the muscles in her torso clenched tight.
"There it is," John said, laughing and applauding the young man's efforts.
Jason grinned and pulled back. "Don't fucking stop!" Jessie quickly spat.
"Oh!" he said, and quickly went back at it. Jessie grunted again, her eyes darting over to Dexter as she came. A few seconds went by, and she gently but firmly pushed Jason's head back.
"Goddamn, that's fuckin'... crazy," he said. "Her pussy is clenchingsohard!"
Jessie cried out then, her cries of pleasure flowing free as she looked down at Jason.
"Guys! What the fuck?" Donna cried out, having seemingly appeared from nowhere.
Dex hadn't even heard her come back inside. He grinned, then saw the other three girls peer around the door frame at the scene.
Jason quickly stepped back and hid his hand behind him, as if that would suffice to convince his sister that he hadn't been doing what he very obviously had been.
"I said no one else gets to use her!" Donna protested.
"Hey," Dex said as he scowled at her. "We're just teaching him how to eat pussy."
She turned and glared at him but didn't respond.
"Don't you want him to know how to pleasure his first girlfriend?" John asked.
"That's not the point," Donna said, still scowling at Dex.
"I told you the other day that she's free to use," Dex said.
Looking over at the other sisters and Natalie, Dex gestured at the still recovering form of his girlfriend displayed on the counter. "Anyone else want a taste?" he asked.
Surprisingly, Natalie looked at her wife and raised an eyebrow, then started to move toward the counter.
"No," Debbie said. Snickering and shaking her head, she grabbed her wife's hand and pulled her back, the two bursting out in laughter.
Frowning, Natalie stepped back around the corner and Debbie looked back inside. "Well..." she said, starting forward to Jessie.
"Hey..." Natalie said, yanking her back as the two erupted into laughs again.
Daisy was behind the other three, quietly watching and looking at Dex several times.
John stepped out of the kitchen at that point, joining the banter with the older sister and her wife in the other room.
Dex looked back at Daisy then and gestured to Jessie. She looked away from him and over to her, but then grinned and shook her head. He shrugged and looked over at Donna, who was still scowling.
"Hey," Dex said, stepping over. "What's the matter?"
"I said she couldn't be used by them," she said, still frowning.
"Let's get something clear," Dex said, stepping in close. He brought a hand up and gently slid it around her neck.
She swallowed hard but was staring intently at him and shifting subtly from one foot to the other.
"You can use my girlfriend whenever you want over here; you and John both," he said. "But when I'm in this apartment, I'm the one in charge."
Donna rolled her eyes, and Dex gently squeezed the hand at her throat. The expression on her face softened and the softest whimper he'd ever heard escaped her lips.
"I'll decide who gets to have fun with Jessie," Dex said, squeezing harder. "When I'm not here, you can put whatever restrictions you want on her."
Donna continued to stare hard at him, but the scowl had softened. She wasn't glaring anymore, just looking at him softly and gently tugging at his shirt.ing at him like she wanted to do more than just stand there.
"Now, do I need to remind you who's in charge?" Dex asked.
Donna cried out softly, closing her eyes as her knees weakened, causing her to slide down the fridge a bit. A few seconds later her eyes opened, but she had them lowered and was looking away. "Sorry..." she said softly, then slowly lifted her eyes up to his. They were smoldering embers of wanton need. "I was bad," she finished.
"Yeah, you were," Dex confirmed. "Now, are you going to be polite and thank me for teaching your little brother the basics of eating pussy?"
Donna whimpered weakly again, then bit her lip as she wiggled against the fridge, still held tight in his grasp. He raised an eyebrow at her. The embers of her eyes turned to those of an adoring puppy in an instant as she looked up at him.
"Thank you," she said softly, then glanced at the two siblings that were still in the kitchen with them. "Daddy."
He realized that she was trying to be quiet, likely to save herself some embarrassment. He considered pushing her a bit more, but the gorgeous, conflicted face in front of him made him feel too much affection for her and he leaned in and kissed her before letting her go. She pulled him back tight up against her and sighed hard, her eyes big as she stared up at him.
"You're really good at twisting me in knots, you know that?" she asked.
"You love it," he said quietly, then playfully kissed her nose.
Turning from her, he looked over to where Jason had been standing. Chuckling, he saw that the young man had gone back to playing with Jessie's softer parts, though he was only using his hands this time. Her soft whimpers of pleasure made him smile.
Watching the scene for a few seconds, Dex turned when he sensed that Donna was still close. As he faced her again, it was clear that she was still very aroused. He wondered if he needed to go take care of her, but then quickly decided that it would be more fun to make her wait. In the hallway, Daisy looked like she was thoroughly amused by her older sister's situation.
"You two need to give Jason some privacy," he said.
He turned and offered Daisy a wink, then saw Donna pout a moment before being pulled out by the younger sibling. As the two started to head to her bedroom, Donna stopped and faced Dex with a defiant scowl on her face. She started to protest, but then Daisy yanked her again into the bedroom and shut the door.
"Finally," Dex said.
Jason looked over at him a wide grin still plastered to his face as Dex stepped over and joined him at Jessie's pussy.
"This is the coolest shit ever," Jason said, laughing for a second.
"You good baby?" Dex asked, glancing up at to gauge her expression.
He could easily see her arousal and figured that she was just fine, but it was good to see the quick and vigorous head nod before she laid flat again.
"You comfy?" he asked. "I can move you to the bed."
She whimpered in response, and Dex saw Jason was sliding his fingers into her like he'd been shown before, caressing her g-spot.
"I'll take that as a 'yes,'" Dex said, amused.
Satisfied that she was okay, he stood and watched Jason for a bit, giving him suggestions when he could.
"You wanna give eating her pussy another go?" Dex asked.
Jason's smile still hadn't faded, but he slid his hand free and stepped back. "I, uh... better stop now."
"You sure?" Dex asked.
"I gotta calm down a bit or..." Jason said, but left the rest unspoken. "Uh... maybe I can give it a shot later, or tomorrow?"
Dex nodded. "Sure thing man. Just let me know."
Jason grinned again, then looked over at Jessie. "Thank... uh... thanks, Jessie."
Dex stepped over and helped her slide off the counter, holding her upright while she regained the use of her legs.
"Thank you," she answered, still not completely recovered.
Jason awkwardly stepped from the room and then disappeared into the bathroom, the door closing behind him.
"Was that fun?" Dex asked.
Jessie nodded wordlessly, clutching at him as if she were afraid to let go.
"Come on," he said, and helped her put her pants back on before leading her from the kitchen and back to the living room.
Debbie, John, and Natalie were sitting and talking when Dex and Jessie joined them, and though it was initially a little awkward, he and Jessie joined the conversation pretty quickly and things soon began to feel normal.
As they relaxed, Dex couldn't stop thinking about everything he'd seen in Jessie's phone. She was clutching at him and talking with the others, but he kept seeing visions of her being fucked in the ass or with cum flowing from her mouth. It was clear that she was enjoying everything sexual that had been happening to her. That fact excited him even more. He began to wonder how far he should push her.
It was true that they were just starting to explore this new aspect of their relationship, and he figured he should pace himself. He obviously didn't want to hurt her, mentally or physically. It was in that moment that he silently vowed to keep checking in with her to make sure she was okay.
Despite wanting to take it slow, he found himself wondering what was next. How would he orchestrate something involving her? Should he let it happen naturally or try and plan something?
The fun in the kitchen was something that had been spur of the moment. He'd liked Jason, but he hadn't actually planned to let him do anything with Jessie when they'd met. There was something about the young man that reminded Dex of himself and he'd just felt the need to step in and give the guy a break. He wished that someone had done the same for him when he was eighteen.
His phone buzzed. Grabbing it from his pocket conveniently located beneath Jessie's rump, he pulled it up and checked to see who it was. "Jack-ass" was the sender's name.
"Yo, what you got going on tonight?" Jack had texted.
He thought about how Jessie happened upon meeting his brother and how that had eventually ended up with a dick in her mouth. That whole series of photos had been hot, and the pic of her with cum in her mouth was the cherry on top.
A thought struck him then, and he began to see the layout of a plan coalescing. For several minutes, he silently constructed his scheme, excitedly going over the details and points.
"Nada." Dex texted. "Gonna meet my girl later but I could use some food."
"Was going to see if that chick was working at Double D's tonight." Jack texted back.
"Yeah, that sounds good." Dex replied. "I'm gonna swing by the house in a bit but I've got to run up to work. Meet me at 7?"
"Sounds good," Jack replied.
Turning of the screen to his phone, he dropped it onto the arm of the couch and nudged Jessie. She looked up at him sweetly.
"I'm going to take you to dinner," he said. "After that, I'm going to take you home and fuck your brains out for the rest of the night."
She smiled and darted in for a smooch. "I'm all yours baby, whatever you want to do."
"Good," he said, kissing her a few more times. "I'll be right back."
Standing, he turned and walked toward Donna's bedroom, then gently knocked on the door.
"Come in," came the response.
Opening it, he looked in and saw the two sisters relaxing on the bed.
"Mind if I come in for a sec?" he asked.
Donna shook her head.
"I'll leave you guys alone," Daisy said, looking at her sister then over at Dex.
"I'm not going to be long," he assured her, and gestured for her to keep her spot.
"You here to tease and embarrass me again?" Donna asked.
Stepping over, he knelt down in front of her and gave her a knowing look.
"You loved every second of what I was doing," Dex said. "You wouldn't have protested a single bit if I'd just fucked you right there up against the fridge."
She didn't answer, but he could see he was right.
"I'm going to take care of you, I promise," he continued. "You've got other things to deal with this weekend, though."
She sighed, then nodded a bit before looking up at him.
"I need you to do something for me," he said.
"Anything," she said quickly, then blushed and glanced at Daisy, still watching quietly.
"I'm taking Jessie out tonight," he said. "I want you to make sure she looks incredible. Would you do that for me?"
Donna smiled the slightest bit. "Of course."
"Good," Dex replied. "It doesn't matter what you choose for her to wear, as long as it's got a skirt or a dress. No panties."
"Okay," Donna said. "Butt-plug?"
Dex considered that option for a moment, then grinned and nodded. "Definitely."
"Alright," she said. "When do I get you?"
"The next time we're both free and you want me," he said. "I won't make you stop if it's around your family, or even someplace public."
"Wait... the next time I want you?" she asked. "That's like, always..."
Dex laughed, then leaned in and kissed her. "Thank you, gorgeous," he said, then turned to leave after offering Daisy a smile and a wink.
Jessie was waiting in the hall, just outside the door.
"You go ahead and get dressed," Dex said. "I've got to go home and change out of my work clothes."
"You'll come pick me up?" she asked.
"Yep. Let's say... seven," he said, looking at the clock.
"I'll be ready for you," she said. "I love you."
"I love you," he replied.
"Thank you for letting Jason play," she said, clutching his shirt. "That was pretty damn incredible."
"You were so fucking sexy baby," he whispered. "I wish we'd had time to do more."
She sighed deeply, then leaned her head against his chest. "See you in a bit," she whispered, kissing him again after a few moments.
Turning, he said a few goodbyes and waved, then left the apartment. His plan was starting to come together, and he began to feel a little like an evil mastermind. After rushing home, he got showered and changed, then left the house as quickly as he could. On the way to the restaurant, he grabbed his phone and called Jessie.
"Jessie's phone," John said, having answered it for her.
"Hey man, she busy?" Dex asked.
"Yeah, Donna's working on her hair," John confirmed.
"Tell her to meet me at Double D's," Dex said. "Tell her that something quick came up at work, but I should be at the restaurant shortly."
"Okay," John said.
"Actually," Dex said, thinking quickly. "Would you be able to drop her off for me?"
"Will do, bud," John confirmed.
"Thanks, man," Dex said, and hung up the phone.
Arriving at the restaurant a little bit later, Dex parked at a business a few lots down and walked the short distance to the restaurant. Hurrying inside, he let the hostess know that he needed a table for three. After letting him choose his server, a particularly sexy looking dark-haired waitress, the hostess took him to the table and set out the menus. The waitress came over only a few seconds after he sat down.
"Hi, I'm Alex," she said. "Are we waiting on a few more to join?"
"Oh... hey..." he said, momentarily taken aback by how gorgeous she was. "Yeah," he confirmed. "Is that okay?"
"Of course!" she said. "Can I start you off with a drink?"
Dex ordered a beer and tried to get himself to calm down. Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and counted to ten. Things were in motion. He couldn't chicken out now.
Alex came back with his beer at that point and cocked her hip sexily as she looked down at him.
"You okay, handsome?" she asked. "You look a little nervous."
He honestly didn't know what to tell her.
*****
Jessie
After she'd finished class that morning, Jessie didn't really have anything planned until Dex was free, so she went back to her folk's house and relaxed there until she got bored. That obviously didn't take long to happen, and while she was gathering her things up in preparation for staying with Dex that night, she finally got a message from him.
They talked about his test first, but then once he'd had confirmed that he was okay to take a half day and the plans for the two were somewhat set, Jessie loaded her stuff into her car and bid farewell to her family. She'd kissed her brother and Kayleigh goodbye after kissing her mom, and was getting the normal hug, kiss, and playful butt-squeeze from her dad when her phone started to vibrate.
"Love you guys," she said, playfully swatting his hand from her rump.
Quickly snagging her phone from her purse, she answered the call without registering who it was that was calling.
"Hey girl," Erin said. "What's up?"
"Oh hey, Erin," Jessie replied. "How are you?"
"I'm good," Erin replied. "I wanted to check in with you and see about something."
"Oh? What's up?" Jessie asked.
"Well, you probably already know about the foursome Alec and I had with Donna and John," Erin said.
"Yeah, she mentioned it," Jessie replied.
"I just wanted to see if you and Dex were thinking that since he'd gotten to be with Donna and I at the same time that..." she trailed off, though it took Jessie another moment to catch on.
"Oh, you mean that Dex and I might think that he doesn't need to have the threesome with you and I anymore."
"Exactly," Erin said, sounding relieve.
"No, no," Jessie said. "Dex and I just forgot about letting Alec have some fun with me. I'm still super excited about the idea and I know Dex is most likely okay with it now."
Erin laughed on the other end of the phone. "Well, that's good to hear. So, what are you guys doing tomorrow?"
"Oo, I'm not sure," Jessie said. "Donna's family is in town and I haven't seen Dex all week. We're going out tonight and I'm sure we're going to be busy for most of the night catching up, but I'll check and see if we're free for Saturday night. Did you guys have something in mind?"
"I'm not really sure," Erin said. "We didn't plan anything out, and I don't really know if he still thinks he's going to get a shot at you. I'm really just trying to see if we can start thinking about doing something together again."
"Of course we can!" she gushed. "I'll talk to Dex about it soon. I'm pretty sure we'll be able to make everyone happy."
"Awesome!" Erin said. "Thank you so much. Call me soon."
"Will do!" Jessie said. "Bye!"
"Bye!" Erin replied, and the line went silent.
***
Walking in the door, the first thing Jessie noticed was John, Jason, and Tyson watching some old looking football game on TV.
"Hey there Smurfette," John called out, only partially glancing her way.
Jason turned to see who'd come in with a bored look on his face, but that changed when he saw who it was. "Hi, Jessie," he said.
"Hi guys," Jessie said smiling happily.
She suddenly felt a little bad for not dressing up more for the boys, having only thrown on some pants and an old t-shirt. Briefly considering stripping down, she dismissed the idea and plopped down on the couch between John and Jason. Eventually, Donna, Debbie, Daisy, and Natalie came out of Donna's bedroom and joined Jessie and the guys to relax and converse for a while.
A little before 11:30, John announced that he was going to run and get something to eat and asked if anyone else wanted some food. The group all agreed that they were hungry, though deciding what to eat quickly turned into an argument.
"Jason, you wanna go eat at Double D's?" John asked. "See us some titties?"
"Hell yeah," he said, grinning for a second before glancing over at his three older sisters.
"You?" John asked, looking over at Tyson.
"Sure thing, Daisy and I will both go," he said.
"I don't want to eat there," Daisy said, rolling her eyes.
"Well, that's where I'm going," Tyson said. Jessie saw his expression harden and could almost feel the tension in the room.
"We can go somewhere else y'all, shit," John suggested.
"Nah, let's go," Tyson said, turning and going to grab his wallet and keys.
John looked at Donna and silently raised his arms up, questioning what he should do.
"Just go," Donna mouthed, rolling her eyes.
"Come on, Jase," John said after looking at Donna a few more seconds to be sure, then clapped the young man on the back.
Jessie frowned, seeing the tense look in the young man's eyes and wishing she could have done something about it. The guys were gone in a few minutes, and the sisters immediately started talking about what an ass Tyson was. Daisy eventually had enough though and went to put her headphones on. Donna kept pestering her a few more times until eventually Daisy got up and went to stand in the dining room near the bar.
Finally, the conversation changed to something else, and Jessie followed the other girls into her bedroom as they chattered.
It was at this point that Dex snuck in and surprised Daisy, earning him a solid knee to his balls. After he recovered, Jessie had taken him to her room to take a look at the damage. One thing led to another, and she started to show him the evidence of all the naughty things she'd done in his absence. She'd been concerned that he'd get upset at how much she'd been able to accomplish in such a short time but was absolutely delighted when she saw how much it had turned him on.
Daisy spying on them had been adorable, in her opinion. As soon as she realized it was happening, she went and found her hiding in Donna's room.
"Hey," Jessie said, peering at her from the doorway.
"I'm sorry," Daisy said. "I'm so embarrassed."
Jessie giggled and shook her head. "Don't be. I like showing him off."
For several minutes, Daisy resisted and protested Jessie's attempts to get her to come and play with her and Dex, but eventually she caved and very hesitantly followed. Though she would have happily let Daisy do whatever she wanted to her boyfriend's dick, Jessie didn't expect anything to happen. Still, she was disappointed when Daisy sprinted out of the room when Tyson, John, and Jason came back. It was even more disappointing when the others interrupted her and Dex when they were just starting to get into things.
Since she'd been forced to wait for some real alone time with her boyfriend, Jessie was feeling pretty worked up by the time Donna and the others went to go take care of Daisy. She'd been surprised but very happy when Dex had plopped her up on the counter without even asking. She wouldn't have protested even if he had, of course, but the whole thing was extremely erotic.
Dex was busy showing Jason all of Jessie's parts and not really even paying attention to what she was doing. Being so open and displayed like she was made her arousal simmer at a dangerous level. She felt exposed, even vulnerable. Jason's adorably inept first attempts were frustrating, of course, but he quickly got better with Dex and John's guidance. Thanks to her rampaging arousal, she even eventually had a substantially powerful orgasm.
After she was done and the group was caught by Donna and the others, Jessie was still just wanting to please whoever she could. She desperately hoped that Dex would let her suck his cock, or maybe John and Jason. That wasn't to be though, and she soon learned that she'd have to wait for more fun.
Dex seemed to have an evening planned for the two of them, and she was happy to go along with it. As soon as he'd left the go get dressed himself, she was swept up by Donna and taken to her room to pick something out.
"He said something with a skirt or a dress," she said, thumbing through Jessie's extensive collection of clothes.
She pulled one out and held it up against Jessie.
"Nah," Daisy said, sitting on the bed and watching. "Does she have something in black?"
"Ooo," Jessie said, reaching in for a moment but then recoiling when Donna smacked her hand, reaching for the dress she'd been about to grab. Pulling it out, she held it up against Jessie and stepped in front.
"I think I'm in trouble," Jessie giggled, glancing at Daisy.
"It looks like it," Daisy commented, and looked over at Donna. "That's the one."
"You aren't in trouble," Donna said, but it didn't sound very convincing.
"So, what are you going to do about Tyson?" Jessie asked as she began stripping out of her clothes.
"Ugh, I don't know," Daisy said. "He was being such a baby earlier."
"Bathroom," Donna said, and handed Daisy the hanger with the slinky black dress she'd chosen for Jessie to wear.
"Can she not dress herself now?" Daisy asked, confusion on her face.
"Dex asked me to do it," Donna muttered, sounding a little sheepish.
"Whatever," Daisy replied. "Tyson is probably halfway back home by now. I'm not going to worry about him until I get back there."
Dancing out of her room and down the hall, Jessie made sure to wave happily to Jason and John before entering the bathroom.
"God, you're such a flirt," Daisy commented.
"Yep!" Jessie confirmed and pulled the deodorant from her cabinet.
Donna came in behind Daisy, then took the dress from her and hung it on the door frame.
"I think Dex and I are going to be busy all night, or I'd say that you could join us for some fun," Jessie said. "If we join you guys tomorrow then we can. Of course, if you just wanted him for yourself then I could always leave you guys alone."
She finished putting on her deodorant and looked over to see that Daisy was giving her an odd look.
"What?" she asked.
"She's just like that," Donna explained to her younger sister, then turned and looked at Jessie. "She's not used to a girl just offering her boyfriend up for a night of sex. Most people aren't. Regardless of that, I already said that no one else could have sex with Dex."
Jessie was surprised by the sudden harshness of her tone. "I was just trying to make sure that Daisy knew there were other avenues of fun available to her," she protested.
"Daisy isn't interested in fucking Dexter," Donna snapped.
"Well, I wouldn't go that far," Daisy said, causing Jessie to giggle.
"Dexter is mine, dammit," Donna snapped, drawing a look of surprise from her little sister. "I mean, he's Jessie's, but he's my damn lover. I already have to share him with all the other girls that Jessie knows, I don't want to have to share him with my sister!"
"I was joking, Donna, jeez," Daisy said. "I'm not going to steal your damn lover." She moved past the two and left the bathroom.
Jessie was a little surprised by Donna's outburst and looked over at her with concern. "Honey, are you okay?" she asked.
"I'm fine," she replied curtly, and started to work some product into her hair.
"I haven't put my dress on yet," Jessie pointed out, causing Donna to laugh for a few moments but then let out a deep sigh of resignation.
Jessie studied her friend in the mirror for a moment and could see that something was still bothering her. "Did I really bother you that much that Dex let your brother go down on me?" she asked.
"No," Donna said with a roll of her eyes. "I mean it kinda did, but it's whatever."
"Well then, are you mad that I was trying to set Daisy up with Dex? If you really have a problem with them fooling around, I'll tell him to be on his best behavior around her."
Donna didn't answer for a few seconds, then took a deep breath. "I would... really appreciate that."
"Okay," Jessie said sweetly. "You know," she said, grabbing her dress and slipping it on. "There's something you didn't consider."
"What's that?" Donna asked.
"The more I defy you and misbehave, the more you get to punish me and make me pay for doing so when your family leaves," she said, putting her hands behind her back and twisting her hips playfully to give herself an air of innocence.
"Little brat," Donna said, raising an eyebrow at her.
Jessie nodded and spun to face the mirror as Donna started back putting product in her hair. Once the product was worked in, she started to work on styling it up.
"John!" she called out, a few minutes into her styling routine.
"Yeah baby?" he replied, then appeared a few seconds later at the doorway.
"Go in Jessie's room and get the black heels on the bed," she ordered.
"Yes'm," he replied and disappeared.
He reappeared a minute or so holding Jessie's phone up to his ear.
"Will do bud," he said, and hung up. "Dex said that he's got to stop by work for somethin' fast but that you should have someone drop you at Double D's and he'll be there pretty quick."
"Oh... okay," Jessie said. "Thank you!"
John offered her a wink and set the phone on the counter, then knelt and started to help her into her shoes while Donna continued to do her hair.
"Are you still wearing your plug?" she asked.
Jessie nodded, then giggled as John checked to see if she was himself.
"Damnit John, no horseplay right now," she snapped.
"Shit, a redneck was just gonna sneak a peek," he replied, his tone sounding very sad.
"Get lost," Donna said. "You'll be eating her ass again before you know it."
"Yeah, you're right about that," he said, and stood to leave with a grin on his face. "Let me know when you're ready, Smurfette," he added before disappearing out the door.
***
Twenty minutes later she was hopping out of John's truck after she gave him a kiss on the cheek for dropping her off. Grabbing her phone, she texted Dex to let him know she was there.
"I'm here." She sent. "You going to be long?"
"Nah, shouldn't be." He replied. "You gonna wait in the bar for me?"
"Yeah, I can." She replied.
"K." Dex replied. "I'm hurrying, I promise."
Stepping inside, she smiled when she saw the hostess, Paris.
"Hey... Jessie... right?" Paris said.
"Yep!" she confirmed. "I'm eating with my boyfriend tonight but he's running a little late. Is it okay to wait in the bar?"
"Of course," Paris replied.
"Thanks," Jessie said and headed back.
Walking around the corner, she stepped through the door and looked behind the bar to see who was there.
"Hi, Toni," she called, recognizing the bartender from her last shift.
"Hey, Jessie," Toni said as she glanced over. "Damn, you look hot girl! What's the occasion?"
"I haven't seen my boyfriend all week and he's meeting me here." Jessie saw Toni look her up and down and felt the eyes of the very attractive young woman drinking in her form. For the first time, she noticed that Toni herself was wearing a surprisingly provocative looking lingerie ensemble.
"No wonder the bar is so full," Jessie said, and gestured down to Toni's chest.
"Nothing wrong with showing of my goodies for better tips," she replied with a cheeky grin.
"Jessie?" a semi-familiar voice from behind her said.
She turned and saw the guy from the other night standing behind her. "Jack? Are you joking right now?" she asked. "What are you doing here?"
He laughed, grinning and shrugging. "Honestly, I was coming up here to see if you were working again."
"Stalker alert," she said, trying to sound playful.
"You look... wow," he said.
"Thanks!" she said. "I'm meeting my boyfriend up here in a bit."
"Oh yeah?" Jack asked. "I need to buy that guy a drink."
"Oh, don't be silly," she said. "He enjoyed the pics you took for me."
He chuckled. "Well, I'm going to go get a drink and leave you alone, but if any of these other dudes bother you, you can come find me."
"You don't want to keep me company while I wait?" she asked, adding a bit of pout to her expression.
"Would your fella be cool with that?" he asked.
She smirked and looked up at him. "Really?"
"I mean... yeah... that's a good point," he chuckled.
Grabbing her phone, she unlocked it and began to fire off a quick text to Dex. Jack was busy ordering a drink from Toni when Jessie saw that she'd just received a text from him.
"I'm sorry baby." he sent. "I'm hurrying."
"No worries!" she replied. "You won't believe it, but my friend from the club is here!"
"Oh?" he texted back. "This is the one that you gave head to, right?"
"Yep!" she replied. "I can't believe I ran into him again!"
"Telling your guy that I'm stalking you?" Jack asked, holding a freshly opened beer in his hand.
"Of course," she said, and smiled as he felt his hand slide across her rump. "Can't keep your hands to yourself?" she asked, raising an eyebrow at him.
"Not when you look like that," he told her. "Do I need to stop?"
"Oh... I didn't say that," she said. She felt her phone buzz and quickly checked the message as check gently squeezed her rear.
"So, what's going on?" Dex asked.
"Oh my, baby, he's flirting with me again." she sent. "He's got his hand on my butt."
"Flirt back goofy, I thought you were the expert on that," he replied.
She blushed a bit, turning the phone over and smiling up at Jack.
"I really dig that tattoo," he said, bringing his other hand up and pushing the cusp of her top back a bit.
"You do?" she asked. "Or are you just looking for an excuse to play with my girls?" She fixed him with a challenging stare.
He responded by sliding his hand completely inside her top and squeezing her breast. She didn't expect it though, and it made her laugh and lower her head in amusement.
"You want me to flirt back?" she texted, quickly firing it off before looking back up at Jack. "Very brave tonight, aren't we?"
"Shit I can't help myself. You're like... pure sex," he said.
Toni happened to be standing close to them on the other side of the bar in that moment. "He's not wrong, gorgeous. You look so good I'm thinking about having a taste!"
Jessie blushed more and shook her head, causing Toni to laugh and dance her way to the other end of the bar.
She glanced at the phone and saw that Dex had texted her back.
"I think we discussed that I like when you get flirty." he sent. "I'm almost finished here."
Jack had kept his hand on her thigh throughout the conversation, and after she finished reading Dex's last text, she looked up just as he slid his hand down to the edge of her skirt and pulled it up a bit.
Toni came around the bar, delivering some drinks to a table of guys near them, then had to pause and pose for some pictures. When she'd finished with that, she stopped at Jessie's stool and gave her a quick hug.
Jack had pulled his hand from Jessie's top almost immediately of course, but apparently Jessie looked so sexy that night, he had to slide his hand in again just about the time that Toni came over.
"Good lord," Toni said, grabbing his hand and yanking it out after getting her hug in. "You just going to strip her down right here?"
Jack shrugged and flashed his cute smile at the two. "Come on, you can see how sexy she looks. You gonna tell me that you don't want some of that?"
"He's got a point," Toni said, looking at Jessie, and reached over to pop Jessie's breast out of the top completely before she even knew what was going on. "Damn girl," she said, her palm covering Jessie's perky orb and squeezing. Toni glanced around quickly, then leaned in and licked Jessie's nipple before sliding the top back in place.
"Your boyfriend better get her pretty quick or we're just gonna have a big ass orgy going on," Jack remarked.
"That works for me!" Toni said, and quickly spun around to head back behind the bar.
"She's so funny," Jessie said, shaking her head after Toni disappeared.
"Fuckin' sexy you mean," Jack said. "I think I saw a sister of hers here."
"Yeah, she's got a twin that works as a waitress," Jessie confirmed. Jack had successfully managed to surreptitiously work his hand up the back of her skirt and was gently squeezing one cheek when she felt his finger bump into the cap of the butt-plug she was still wearing.
He looked down at her in surprise.
"You find something interesting down there?" she asked.
He glanced around for a moment, then slid his hand lower. She felt his finger move around the outside of the cap. Almost as an afterthought, she reached down and slid her hand across his bulge.
"It's my plug," she said with a wink. Grabbing her phone again, she unlocked it to let Dex know what was going on. "He just found my butt-plug baby."
"Oh yeah?" came the reply. "You gonna let him take it out?"
"Oh my God," she said quietly, and had to cover her mouth and pull the phone to her chest for a moment. The tapping of his finger on the plug was sending impulses of electricity racing through her.
Jack tapped it again a few more times as she turned to look up at him. "Something tells me you like that," he said, a confident smile on his face.
She sighed hard, chewing her lip and trying to maintain calm and focus.
"You're getting all flushed," he said, tapping it again.
She scowled in consternation, as the plug sent more impulses through her.
Her phone buzzed again. She brought it up and turned, leaning against him as she read the message.
"I'll bet you could figure out something else that he could put in its place."
She felt her heart pounding as she read the text, fully knowing that Jack could probably read it. She went over it at least a half-a-dozen times, making sure she hadn't misread something.
"I'll bet I could." she replied. "If I do, are you going to be waiting on me?"
"I'm locking up now, so I guess you'd better hurry." he replied.
"Ooo, yes baby." she replied. "Are you sure about this?" she asked finally.
"As long as I get pictures." he replied.
"I fucking love you." she sent, and slid her phone into her purse. Without a word, she grabbed Jack's hand and led him through the bar toward the bathroom.
Once inside, she quickly pulled him through the line of stalls and into an empty one. She hoped that she'd been so fast that the few other men in the bathroom at the time didn't notice. Regardless, she was so turned on by that point that it wouldn't have mattered to her anyway.
They had to slide out of the way to close the door to the stall, but he quickly locked it while she began to undo his fly.
"Are you sure about this?" he asked quietly.
She giggled as she looked up, the sound of someone peeing into one of the urinals echoing around the room.
"Don't you want to play?" she asked. "My boyfriend had a good suggestion for me."
She slid her hand deftly into his pants, then smiled as she found the swiftly swelling shaft inside.
"He said that I should let you pull my plug out, and that I could probably find something to put in its place."
Jack swallowed hard as he looked down at her, her lips already wrapping around the head of his cock.
"God," he groaned, then slapped a hand over his mouth.
The door opened and closed a few times while she was bent over, pumping Jack's cock in and out of her mouth as best as she could in the awkward position. Very quickly she was satisfied that his cock was hard enough and stood back up. Grabbing her phone from the purse she'd set on top of the toilet paper dispenser, she unlocked it and handed it to Jack.
"Make sure you get some good pics for my boyfriend," she said, and spun around to put her hands on the stall in front of her.
"You're gonna give me a fuckin stroke," he said, lifting her phone with one hand and lifting her skirt with the other.
She glanced back over her shoulder, watching as he knelt and inspected her butt-plug. Gripping it with his fingers, he began to slowly urge it free. She felt it sliding out, then whimpered as the bulge popped out of her. He slid the rest out, then stood and held it up.
"Put it over there," she said, nodding at the back of the toilet.
Jack quickly and quietly set the plug down, then turned back to her. She offered him a playful wink and then nodded at her own backside.
"All yours," she said. "Just my ass though. My pussy belongs to my boyfriend."
Jack grinned, one hand holding her phone, the other gripping the base of his cock.
"Go slow," she warned, and smiled when she saw him nod. She heard the click of her phone as he took a picture. The simple fact that the lewd act she was letting happen was being documented was highly arousing, and she felt her pussy practically humming with excitement.
*click*
The bulbous head of his cock was suddenly pressing at her asshole, causing her to lean her head forward to wall in front of her. She heard him spit, then felt the wet glob hit perfectly. He smeared it around with the head a bit, then pushed again.
*click*
With a whimper, she closed her eyes as he edged in. He pushed a little harder and she moaned softly as the head breached the cusp. Rivulets of pleasure coursed outward as he began to ease deeper and deeper.
*click**click*
"Damn, you've already got me close, gorgeous," he grunted. "This is the craziest shit I've ever done."
*click**click**click*
Jessie groaned, nodding vigorously in response but unable to speak. Feeling the length of his cock slowly stroking into her and hearing the constant clicks of her phone snapping pictures, she had to bite her lip in an attempt to keep quiet from the arousal surging through her.
*click*
"God," he whispered. "I don't know if I can hold back."
*click**click*
"Don't," she whispered back. "This isn't about me, Jack. I want to feel you cum."
*click*
Jack groaned at that, and quickly built up some speed. He wasn't jackhammering into her but was moving fast enough for her to begin to feel the start of her orgasm. He wasn't going to last that long, though, from the sound of things.
*click*
"Oh fuck," he whispered, pulling back hard on her hips and plunging deep. She felt his cum filling her up, the spasming cock pumping again and again into her. Finally, he slid free, leaning back against the stall and breathing heavy.
"Mmm," she said, playfully sliding a finger back to her oozing hole. "Good boy."
He chuckled weakly as he raised her phone up again.
*click*
Glancing around, she thought she saw a flash of movement above her, but quickly dismissed it. Reaching for the plug, she quickly slid it back in place.
"God, that's fucking hot." Jack was still holding the phone up to take a picture but the clicking had stopped. Instead, he was staring at her rump, his breathing heavy but with a smile on his face.
*****
Dex
"Yeah, I'm good," he replied, trying to sound like he wasn't as nervous as he felt.
"You know, you're allowed to look at my girls if that's what you're concerned about," Alex, the waitress, said. She was still standing with her hip cocked sexily to one side.
"Oh!" Dex stammered. "No, no, I uh..." he stammered, feeling a little ridiculous. He finally chuckled and took a deep breath before continuing. "I know it's okay. My girlfriend just started working here."
"Oh, she did?" the waitress asked. "What's her name?"
"Jessie Marks," he replied. "She hasn't had many shifts yet."
"Oh, yeah," Alex replied with a wide smile. "Bubbly and excitable, cute as a button?"
"That's her," he said. He found himself oddly proud that his girlfriend was making an impression with the other waitresses. "I'm Dex," he added, offering her a little wave.
"Nice to meet you Dex," she replied, grinning. "I'm going to go check on some other tables, but I'll be back in a few minutes to check on you, okay?"
"Thank you," Dex replied, and watched the very well-built waitress as she spun around and went to the next booth.
His phone buzzed and Dex saw that Jessie had texted to let him know that she had arrived. After suggesting that she wait in the bar for him, he had nothing to do but sit there wondering what kind of mischief his extremely flirtatious girlfriend was getting up to. He began to realize that there were a few holes in his plan, but honestly didn't know what to do to fix them.
First, he was missing getting to see what was going on with her. That wasn't really a new thing for him, and he was sure that she'd get pics if his plan came to fruition. Still, sitting in the same restaurant with her and not being able to see what she was doing was a little infuriating.
And second, Alex knew that he was waiting on Jessie, if she went and saw her waiting in the bar, she could accidentally spoil his plans. He sighed, wondering if he should trust the waitress not to blow things for him.
A minute later, Jack texted him that he was there, and Dex's heart started pounding again.
"Still not here?" Alex asked, coming back to him on her rounds.
Throwing caution to the wind, he decided to try and trust the attractive waitress. He had to make sure that Jessie didn't catch wind of him being there.
"Can I trust you to keep a secret?" he asked, offering her a small grin.
"Ooo, is it a kinky one?" she asked, sticking her tongue out for a moment.
"Oh yeah," Dex replied. "I'm assuming that you've noticed that Jessie isn't really shy when it comes to exposing herself."
"Well, yeah, but that's part of why she works here, right?" Alex asked.
"Yes, but with Jessie, it's more of a way of life," Dex said. He quickly realized that he'd be explaining things for thirty minutes if he told her the whole story. "Here's the quick and dirty version," he continued. "Jessie and I are comfortable sharing each other with other people. She started hooking me up with her friends, and I'm just now getting to where I enjoy doing the same for her." He paused, waiting for Alex's reaction.
"Wow," she said. "I didn't expect that at all, but I'm not one to judge!"
He breathed a little easier and continued to quickly detail what was happening and why. He told her about encouraging Jessie to be herself and how that led to meeting Jack and the night club incident.
"So... I've set up my brother and her to meet here tonight without them knowing, and I'm hoping to cause them to get a little freaky." He took a drink from his beer and watched the amused expression on Alex's face as she processed the info.
"I've got to say, that's pretty damn hot," she informed him. "But... why tell me?"
"Well, I didn't want you to go and see her in the bar..." he said.
"Right... and let her know you're here," she finished. "Fair enough, I'll keep my mouth shut." She offered him a wink and started to go to the next table.
"I was actually wondering if you could do me a favor," he said.
"Oh?" she asked.
"Can you go take a peek and see what's happening?" he asked. "I know you're working, but if you find your way over there..."
"Ooo," Alex said. "You want me to spy on them for you?"
"Unless you're too busy, which I would totally understand," he replied.
"Be right back," she said with a wink, then turned and went to the next table.
"I'm sorry baby." Dex texted, sending the message to Jessie. "I'm hurrying."
She replied that Jack was there and sounded exited from the tone of the text.
He acted surprised in his reply, but also tried to sound supportive. He knew he had to leave her alone to play, but it was hell trying to maintain calm and not be able to see what was going on.
"So, what's going on?" he messaged her after another minute.
Jessie let him know that Jack was talking, and that he had his hand on her ass.
"Flirt back goofy, I thought you were the expert on that." he replied.
Alex came back then, smiling widely. "She's standing next to a good-looking guy that kinda looks like you," she informed him, briefly describing the guy.
"Yep, that's him," Dex confirmed.
"I couldn't see much, but he's being very handsy with her," Alex said. "I saw him put one into her top and the other on her ass. It's pretty packed in there so I lost sight pretty quickly."
"God, that's so hot," Dex whispered. "Thank you so much."
"I'll go take another peek in a bit," Alex said with a wink. "This is exciting!"
Dex's phone buzzed and he smiled up at Alex. "She's texting me back."
"Ooo... can I see?" she asked.
"Sure," he said, scooting a bit so she could sit down next to him.
"You want me to flirt back?" read Jessie's message.
"Flirting for Jessie is like... foreplay for normal folks," Dex explained.
"Well... you gonna tell her to?" Alex asked.
"I don't really like specifically telling her to flirt," he replied. "It feels like I'm making her do something she might not want to. I tend to try and suggest things."
He typed up a reply and let Alex see the result. "I think we discussed that I like when you get flirty. I'm almost finished here."
"So, she thinks you're at work," Alex guess.
"Exactly," Dex confirmed.
Alex slid from the seat then, a wide smile on her face. "I've got to check on my tables, but I'll go take a peek for you, handsome."
"Thank you again," he said. He forced himself to relax for a few minutes while Alex was making her rounds and Jessie was doing God knows what. Eventually, he got another text from his girlfriend.
"He just found my butt-plug baby."
Dex swallowed hard.
"Oh yeah?" he replied. "You gonna let him take it out?"
He put the phone down again and saw the smile on Alex's face as she came back his way. Sliding in the booth, she pulled her own phone out and opened it.
"I snuck a picture for you," she said quietly, and showed him. "That's my twin in the picture."
Jessie was standing close to Jack, the two close enough to look like they were a couple. Jack had a wide grin on his face, and Dex could see that his hand was firmly squeezing Jessie's butt. It looked like Jessie was in the midst of an embarrassed laugh and had one of her breasts exposed. There was another girl that looked just like his waitress standing in front of Jessie. She was wearing some very sexy pink lingerie and was bent over, the nipple of one of Jessie's exposed breasts in her mouth.
"Damn," Dex said, grinning widely. He quickly showed Alex what Jessie had texted him and his response. The waitress grinned back. He quickly added, "I'll bet you could figure out something else that he could put in its place," and sent it off to his girlfriend.
"This is so exciting!" Alex gushed and slid from the seat. "I'll go spy on them again."
Though his heart was still pounding, Dex didn't mind watching the gorgeous waitress's ass as it swayed sexily around the room and then back in the direction of the bar. After a bit more back and forth with Jessie about if she should do it or not, he got a final, "I fucking love you" from her when Alex came rushing back over.
She didn't say a word, she just rushed directly up to him and leaned over to whisper into his ear, one knee on the seat beside him.
"They were coming right behind me," she whispered. He quickly realized that she was trying to block the eyeline of people coming down the path toward the bathroom that he was surprisingly close to.
Alex's arm was clutching the bench of the booth, and just over it Dex saw the top of Jessie's head as she passed, follow closely by the head of his much taller brother. Alex was looking over her shoulder for a few seconds, then grinned and reached out for his hand. "Come on!"
Dex's heart pounded harder as he quickly took her hand and followed her toward the men's room. She paused right outside as the door opened and two men filed out. Quick stepping up to the door, she pushed it gently to peer in, then pulled him close to her backside. He came up close behind her and was momentarily distracted by her alluring perfume.
"Stay close and put your arm around me so I can hide you easier in case they're out in the open," she whispered. "We're going to go in and hide in one of the stalls."
He had to focus again to reply. "Okay," he said quietly.
"I think it's clear," she whispered, then pushed a bit more before darting in, pulling Dex with her the whole way. She quickly pulled his hand around her waist. "Closer," she whispered over her shoulder, then peered around the wall.
Dex pulled the two tight and felt his moderately hard erection slide up and nudge her ample rump, though if she noticed, she didn't let on.
"Now," she mouthed, having turned back to look into his face.
Moving in unison, they scurried as quietly as they could over to one of the stalls, next to the one that had the very obvious double pair of feet visible at the bottom.
Sliding in behind Alex as they ducked into the stall, Dex was quick to notice that they were thankfully the only ones in the bathroom besides Jack and Jessie.
He thought once they were inside, Alex would want him to pull away, but instead she'd turned around and was still holding him close to her.
"Phone?" she mouthed, looking at him with an amused smile. She looked like she was enjoying this almost as much as he was. Pulling out his phone, he unlocked it and switched it to camera, holding it above his head and edging it slightly over the wall. He could only barely see the screen, so the action was hard to make out, but it looked like Jessie was bent over and sucking Jack's cock.
He was looking up at the phone in his hand and didn't see Alex as she stepped up snug to him, trying to see for herself. Her perky tits, only barely covered in the top she was wearing, smashed into his chest as she slid her arm around his waist and pulled herself tight.
"Is this okay?" she whispered, getting very close to his ear.
He glanced briefly down into her gorgeous eyes and mouthed, "God, yes."
She winked, then looked back up at the screen. He was still staring at her beautiful face when she looked back down and smirked at him.
"Don't drop the phone," she mouthed, and looked back up.
The unmistakable sounds of a cock sliding into a wet mouth reached his ears, and he had to stifle a moan in his throat before it gave him away.
"That's so fucking hot," Alex whispered, looking at him again. She laid one hand on his chest, her fingers gripping his shirt for support as she continued to lean against him. "Do you need a break?" she asked, her voice as quiet as could be.
His arm was starting to hurt a bit, so he nodded. She reached up, taking it from him and the two silent switched spots. He stayed back a bit, but she had other plans. Reaching for him without looking away from the screen, she managed to find his belt and used that to pull him snug up against her.
His cock was ridiculously hard by this point, and though he'd taken a second to adjust it and give himself a little more comfort, it was still very obvious. He'd quietly thanked God that she was looking up and wouldn't notice how engorged he was. Unfortunately, she yanked him forcefully up even closer against her and as soon as the bulge in his pants pushed against her lower stomach, she looked at him with mild surprise.
Almost as if it were the next step in this odd little game, Alex's hand went down and gripped the bulge, her face showing her amused surprise.
"Wow," she said, laughing silently.
Behind them, Jessie's noisy oral work continued, and the wet slurping noises were doing nothing to ease his situation. Alex grinned widely, apparently taking delight in the whole affair.
"You really like this, don't you?" she asked quietly, pulling him up tight after letting his bulge go.
"I figured that was obvious," he whispered back.
She covered her mouth in an attempt to stifle her laugh, and Dex was again drawn to her ample cleavage and perfect tits.
"I could make things really difficult for you," she whispered, and reached up to pull teasingly at the edge of her already barely-there top. "But I think that might make you cum in your pants."
"I think I might, regardless," he replied, his voice as low as he could make it and still be heard.
She grinned, then stunned him even more when she reached down between them and slid her hand in his pants, his erection greeting her fingers happily.
"Oh... my..." she whispered, biting her lip as she squeezed his girth.
The noise of the two in the adjoining stall moving made Dex and Alex both freeze.
"Make sure you get some good pics for my boyfriend," Jessie said quietly.
"You're gonna give me a fuckin stroke," Jack's voice replied.
Alex was still slowly stroking him and the highly erotic situation his was in was doing him no favors about slowing the approach of his impending eruption.
"Put it over there." Jessie's words reached his ears and though he was still staring down into Alex's ample cleavage, he had to bite his lip from the surge of arousal that coursed through him. His cock was throbbing hard in her grasp and he honestly didn't know if he was going to cum in his pants or not.
"All yours," Jessie said. "Just my ass though. My pussy belongs to my boyfriend."
Dex went a little weak in the knees as he heard his girlfriend's words. At the same time, he felt Alex squeeze his cock hard as she too heard the words. He winced, feeling the pounding in his chest and the throb of his cock grow to a new intensity. He shut his eyes, a pained expression on his face. He finally had to drop his head, leaning in down into Alex's breasts. She pulled her hand out of his pants in a rush, then gripped the back of his head and held him tight against her cleavage
Jessie had said something else, but Dex was no longer capable of hearing. Alex's breathing was coming as fast as his. She was running her hand through his hair while she held him tight against her chest. Letting go of his head, she slid her hand under his chin and pulled down, dropping the top and letting her wonderful breasts spill free.
He felt her turn her torso a bit, the change pushing her erect nipple across his lips a half-second before he opened his mouth and sucked hard. Her breasts displayed for him, she pulled her hand back and grabbed his from where he was still gripping her hip.
In one swift move, she took his hand from her waist and plunged it into her panties. Taking the cue, he quickly began to rub her clit. She wasted no time in pushing harder at his fingers, her desire more than obvious. Driving a finger deep into her, he heard her gasp quietly as the wall next to them start to shake every few seconds. The clear sounds of sex could be heard in the bathroom, though it was obvious both pairs were trying extremely hard to be silent.
Though the position was awkward, Dex continued to plunge his finger in and out of the incredible waitress's very wet pussy. Sliding his lips over to her other nipple, he bit down on the erect nub a little harder than he'd intended, but that only seemed to drive her closer, her hand climbing back up to clutch his head even tighter to her chest.
The whole time he was quietly praying that she didn't take his cock out or whisper that she wanted him to take her. He didn't know if he was going to have the strength to resist. He didn't think Jessie would have a problem with it, of course, but he wanted to save his load for her.
Alex started to cum just about the time that Jake did, from the sounds he was hearing, and as she did, he looked up to see the look of surrender on her face as the pleasure washed over her.
Several seconds passed by as she rode the wave, her gasps only partially stifled. Without warning, she darted her face forward and kissed him hard. Whimpers of pleasure-filled bliss blossomed into his mouth as she held him tight.
After a few more seconds, she seemed to come back down, and it was then that he noticed that she'd been unable to keep the phone in place. She quickly slid it back up and held it there, then looked back down at him in silence, a curious smile on her face.
"Sorry," she whispered. "I just couldn't help myself."
Dex replied with a lick of her nipple, eliciting a snicker and a wink from the brunette.
The two next to them were talking quietly about something, and Alex quickly dropped the phone back down and handed it back to Dex. Sliding it into his pocket, he pulled her top back up and helped tuck in both incredibly sexy breasts. Once she was put back together, he made sure that he didn't have any obvious stain in his pants from pre-cum oozing through the fabric. Satisfied that he was fine, he nodded as she looked at him expectantly.
"Straight out," she whispered, the sounds of the two next to them still audible.
Gently unlatching the door, she cracked it open, then darted out, her hand pulling Dexter behind.
Walking directly back to his table, he slid in and grabbed his beer, then took a long swig.
Alex didn't stop at his table though. Letting go of his hand, she walked to the next table and checked on them, then started to make the rounds once again.
He was about to go and meet Jack and Jessie, and let them know about the whole thing, but stopped as he was sliding out. Figuring that Alex might be taking a peek at the two, he decided to wait for her instead.
A minute or so later, she came back from her rounds and gave him a very big smile, then slid in next to him.
"That was so much fun," she gushed.
He laughed and was relieved to hear that she wasn't having second thoughts about what had just gone down.
"That was definitely something else," he said, grinning at her.
"You were so hard!" she said. "I thought I'd pushed you too far at one point and was scared that you were going to cum in your pants."
"Believe me, so did I for a minute there," he replied.
"I shouldn't say this," she continued, "but you have no idea how much I wanted to just let you fuck me right there, or maybe just drop to my knees and let you fill my mouth up."
Dex groaned, his cock still hard, though the throbbing had relented to a quiet pulse.
"You know, I'm still hard right now and that's not helping my situation," he said.
With a sly grin, she cast a glance down at his crotch then back up at him. "You're not helping get that big thing out of my mind," she countered. After a few seconds, she sighed and shook her head. "Jessie and the guy are back at the bar again."
"Thank you for the help," he said, taking a deep breath.
"Thank you for the orgasm," she replied softly. "You going to tell her the fun you and I had and what we almost ended up doing?" she asked.
"Hell yes," he said with a confident smile. "She's gonna love it!"
Alex laughed, then offered him a wink as she went to greet a new table of diners.
Dex stood and smoothed his shirt out, then walked to the bar over to reveal the surprise. As he rounded the corner and saw the crowd of people, Dex immediately saw Jack and Jessie standing close to each other, talking and laughing quietly.
He walked right up to them, without hesitation, and smiled.
"Baby!" Jessie said, stepping past Jack and hugging him.
Dex saw Jack turn, then saw the look of genuine surprise come to his brother.
"I see you two have met?" Dex said, his grin betraying his excitement at the situation.
"Wait..." Jack stammered.
Jessie hadn't quite caught on yet, but she was looking curiously at Jack.
"This is my brother," Dex said, grinning at Jessie.
"Wait... what?" Jessie asked.
He burst out laughing, unable to contain himself.
"Come on," he said. "Let's go sit and I'll explain everything."
*****
Jessie
Sitting in the restaurant between Dex and his brother, Jack, Jessie felt extremely out of sorts. She wasn't upset, just very confused.
Dex quickly and plainly explained that he'd been in the bathroom when she'd let Jack fuck her in the ass. He went on to detail the steps of the plan he'd concocted as well as how much he'd enjoyed the whole thing. Jack was obviously still confused, but Jessie was fine after she learned what had been going on.
Happy to see that Dex had chosen Alex as their waitress, Jessie hopped out and hugged the taller girl excitedly. Dex shared that Alex had given him some help with the restaurant shenanigans, and that they'd been in the very stall next to she and Jack. That had been a definite surprise. She hadn't even known anyone else was there!
As dinner went on, she and Dex explained the whole situation with the two of them and detailed most of their sexual exploits and shenanigans to his brother.
"So... are you okay?" Dex asked eventually.
At that point, Alex came back by to check on them, then gestured for Jessie to follow her.
"Excuse me," she said, then slid out over Jack's lap as she winked at Dex. "Accidentally" sitting down on him, she wiggled her hips a bit, then hopped up, laughing as she saw the grin on both of their faces.
Alex led her around the corner to where the short hallway to the bathrooms was and stopped, pulling her close.
"Girl..." she said, "I can't believe you're such a dirty little slut!"
Jessie whimpered in surprise as she found herself kissing the gorgeous brunette. She'd been in the middle of a frown when Alex had leaned in and kissed her. The brunette pulled back a few seconds later, but the kiss left Jessie's head spinning.
"I was so turned on when your boyfriend and I were in the bathroom, I was this close to telling him to fuck me," she said, holding up her fingers a tiny bit apart.
"Oh my!" Jessie said. "You totally could have!"
Alex grinned and kissed her again. "I'm so glad I didn't cross any lines with him," she said quietly. "It's good to know that I'm not the only slutty girl around here. You and I are going to have to talk."
"Definitely," Jessie said.
Alex kissed her a final time before she took a deep breath and went to check her tables. Jessie took a second to collect herself, then rejoined the two brothers at their table. It sounded like Dex was still trying to make sure that his brother was okay with what had happened.
"Yeah, man. I promise I'm good," Jack said. "I mean yeah, it's weird from an outside perspective. But then again I haven't had any in a few years."
"Aww," she said, frowning at him as she slid across his lap again.
"That's not me asking for some, I'm just sayin'," Jack clarified. "Regardless, I'm glad you two are happy and have found something that works for both of you. As long as you and I are good, Dexter, I'm good."
"Come on man, of course we're good," Dex said. "I knew all about what Jessie was going to do that night at the club. Obviously I didn't know it was you that she'd met, but it would have happened with another guy. The bathroom incident here was just the cherry on top, since I knew it was you. I wouldn't have orchestrated that part with some random guy."
"Well, that's good," Jack replied.
"You seem a little down," Jessie observed, frowning at him.
"I guess, yeah," he said. "I liked the idea of meeting a girl and her boyfriend being cool with us doing stuff."
"So, what's changed?" she asked, offering him a flat look. "Dex and I just explained how much I like to flirt." She really didn't see what was hard to understand here.
Dex grinned, then reached over and pulled her top down, exposing her left breast. "She didn't get that tattoo because it looks cute," he pointed out.
Jessie giggled, letting Jack look after he'd stopped laughing. She saw a few other guys at a nearby table looking over and winked.
"She loves being an exhibitionist, and being used as a sex-toy," he continued. "I love being able to be part of that, but also love her and know that doing those things is part of who she truly is. I love that about her." He reached over and slid her breast back inside the top, adding, "Plus, I've just recently discovered that I really like watching her when she's being dirty."
"Yeah, I get all that," Jack said. "I dunno... I was just looking forward to doing it again."
Jessie frowned, looking over at Dex, not understanding what Jack didn't get about the situation.
"Dude, nothing's changed," Dex said.
"Come on man, you don't want your brother fucking around with your girlfriend," Jack said.
"I think what just happened says differently," Dex countered, sounding a little incredulous.
"Look," Jack said after a resigned laugh. "I get that it's fine with you and that she enjoys doing it, but you're my brother man. I don't want to hurt you."
The two fell silent for a few moments, then Dex nodded.
"I get that," he said. "I wasn't planning on trying to instigate anything else between you guys regardless, but we can agree that I won't in the future if that's what you'd prefer."
"Well, no," Jack replied, "I really just want to fuck her brains out, but I don't want to lose my brother doing it."
The three laughed at that before Dex continued.
"You'll have to be prepared for being around her though," he said. "The way I like to describe her is, she's like a sexual Tasmanian Devil, you know... from the cartoons. When she gets going, you better not be standing nearby or you're going to get sucked in." They laughed again. "So just be prepared for that," he added.
"Noted," Jack said, grinning at the two.
With the check paid, Jessie gave Alex a mostly platonic hug, save for the wink the two exchanged, and the three went outside. Once there, Jessie clung to Dex's arm as they walked to Jack's truck.
"We're heading back to the house to have some fun," Dex said. "You gonna be there?"
Jack chuckled but shook his head. "I think I'll hit the club and see what kind of luck I have."
"Are you sure?" Jessie asked, looking up him as seductively as she knew how. "I'm pretty sure my boyfriend won't mind if we play a little more."
Jack laughed again, shaking his head. "Nah, I'm good, gorgeous."
"Boo," she said, frowning for a moment before erupting into giggles again.
"Later, y'all," he said, hopping in and pulling out as they started toward Dex's truck.
Once they'd made the trek and gotten in, Jessie practically leaped over the seat and tackled him, kissing him fiercely and almost violently. After a few minutes of her attacks, Dex laughed and gently pushed her back.
"I take it you liked that," he said.
"God... I can't even put into words how much I love you right now," she said. "I can't believe you did that for me."
"I love you," he said with a simple shrug.
"I'm so happy you like when I'm being myself," she said, kissing him again. "And I can't believe that you were in the bathroom with us!"
He laughed at that, then shrugged. "Yeah, Alex and I were pretty close together. We took turns filming it but I haven't seen it yet. Did he fit?"
"He did, baby," she said, her excitement bubbling to the surface again. "He's just as big as you are too, so you know what that means."
"I can probably guess," he said, and she dove back into kissing him again for a few more seconds before he laughed and pushed her back.
Grinning like a hungry leopard, she stared wantonly at him, perched awkwardly over the console between the two seats.
"Get me home," she purred. "I want you to take me and make me yours again, baby."
Without any hesitation, Dex kissed her a final time before he started the truck and pulled out.
Jessie wasn't going to waste any time on the way home though, and quickly began to fiddle around trying to get his belt and pants open enough to get to his cock out. After a few attempts, she finally freed the beast and immediately took him into her mouth.
"God, that's good," Dex groaned, his hand helpfully pushing down on her head. "I love getting head from my dirty little slut."
A surge of arousal flowed through her as she heard him call degrade her a bit, eliciting a moan from around the girth of his cock. She pushed hard, feeling the very real need to take as much of his cock into her as possible in that moment.
"My dirty little whore likes being called names, does she?" he continued.
"Mmmhmm," she admitted, moaning the confirmation while pushing him as deep as she could. A few moments later, she pulled him out to let herself breathe, but then took him in again.
His hand moved from her head, and though she was momentarily disappointed to feel it leave, she had another surge of arousal course through her when she felt him pull her skirt up before tapping the cap of the butt-plug. The snugly resting nob wiggled in her ass, and she groaned as fingers of electricity spilled out from it.
"There's a trucker beside us," he said. "He's watching your pussy baby."
Jessie whimpered, then quickly took one of her hands and slid it between her legs and slid it inside.
"Good girl," Dex groaned, his hand moving from her ass back up to her head. She felt him grip her hair tightly, the roughness of how he was treating her making her even hotter.
With a forceful jerk, he pulled her head up mid-suck, causing her to cry out in frustration at him.
"No... I'm not coming yet," he said, smiling at her.
She scowled at him in irritation. Pulling at his hand, she worked her mouth open and closed, stuck her tongue out, and finally whined in frustration as she pulled. His grip tightening in her hair, her aggressive yanks downward sent pain signals coursing through her body and letting them mingle with the pleasure.
"Turn around and spread your legs for the trucker," Dex said, giving her a new purpose that she was suddenly determined to fulfill.
She looked over her right shoulder and saw an older man driving a Semi, leering her direction with a lecherous grin on his face.
Snickering, she spun around and leaned back against Dex, then spread herself as much as she could.
"Can I play with my pussy baby?" she asked.
"You better," Dex replied.
She immediately began to slide two fingers in and out of herself, groaning as she saw the trucker's arm moving up and down. Though she obviously wasn't going to be able to see his cock, she knew he was jerking off to her.
Unfortunately for the trucker, Dex had to slow down to pull off the highway and catch the offramp. That didn't stop Jessie though, and she continued to finger herself until Dex was pulled up in front of his house and the truck was off.
He opened his door, then roughly grabbed her by her hair and one of her arms. Giggling as he pulled, she pushed against the other door with her feet and propelled herself across the seat. Pulling her easily from the truck, he had her standing in front of him before she even registered that she was out of the truck.
She kissed him quickly, biting him hard on the lip and then backing up and giving him a playfully defiant stare.
"You sure you didn't have all you could take with Alex?" she asked. "I heard she wanted to fuck you."
Dex grinned but didn't move, though he had a hand up to his lip to feel for blood. "If she'd said she wanted me to," he said, dropping his hand down after glancing at his fingers for a moment, "I definitely would have. She's sexy as fuck."
"You wanted to fuck her right next to where your slutty girlfriend was letting your brother stick his cock in her ass, didn't you?" She was so aroused she felt like her entire body were one throbbing sexual organ.
"Fuck yes," Dex confirmed.
"Well... I was a bad little whore, baby," she said, chewing at her lip and almost daring him to come and get her. "You gonna punish me or do I have to tell you how hard he fucked me?"
"Oooo," he said, his tone sounding like a warning. Her heart started to beat faster as a smile came to her lips.
Surging forward, he grabbed her by the dress she was wearing and yanked her to him. The distinct sound of fabric tearing made her gasp, but it was lost in the ravenous kisses they were plastering each other with.
She shoved his face back with one hand, grinned wickedly, then slapped him before diving back at him. More hungry kissing followed before he pushed her hard back against the truck.
Both of them breathing raggedly, they stared silently at each other for a few seconds. He grinned and gestured down, and she saw the top portion of the dress torn, leaving her left breast exposed as the strap hung off her shoulder.
"I'll just make my new lover buy me one," she said, grinning as she tried to provoke him more. He smirked and shook his head. It didn't look like the barb had any effect.
Determined to push him, she slapped him again, then kissed him for all of two seconds before he grabbed her and spun them both around and put her back toward the house.
"You gonna punish me?" she asked again, her voice thick like warmed honey as it dripped from her tongue and poured into his ear.
"You better fucking believe it," he growled, sounding like a wolf getting ready to pounce on her, the small helpless rabbit.
"Aww... was I bad girl and got all slutty again?" she purred, dancing backward toward the house.
He grinned, and reached forward to grab her again, but she scurried back just in time, grinning wickedly. Stepping slowly back, she worked to keep just out of his reach until she was pressed up against the door. Still staring at him defiantly, she was almost daring him to do something else to her or maybe to just hurry and take her right there.
"You've still cum my brother's cum in your ass," Dex said, a grin on his face.
She nodded slowly, her eyes levelled at him. "I could feel it oozing around the plug during dinner."
He stepped close and unlocked the door with one hand. Grabbing her by the hair again, he pushed her inside roughly and followed her through.
"I was so bad baby," she whimpered. "You really need to punish me for being such a bad girl."
Backing her up into the kitchen, he took a second to spin her around before gripping her hair tight again. She looked up, seeing movement out of the corner of her eye. Grinning, she waved when she saw Candy and Don standing just inside the living room and staring at them with very different expressions.
"Hi Papa," Jessie said, feeling Dexter's hand relax for a moment, then tighten into her hair again. He pushed her forward and into the counter roughly, causing her to moan as she studied the two looking at her. His hand came up and around her arm, his fingers clamping down tightly on her breast.
"Oh... wow... hey... y'all," Don stammered, obviously surprised and a little embarrassed.
Jessie was aflame with intense arousal, her wanton grin turning into more of a leer. "Sorry," she moaned. "We couldn't control ourselves."
Dex finally let her hair go, but she spun around and slapped him one more time for good measure, forcing a groan from him.
"Hey guys!" Candy said, obviously amused at the whole thing.
"It's nice to meet you again," Jessie said after spinning back around. She was uncaring that her left breast was completely exposed. "I'll make him chase me upstairs," she said, offering Don and Candy both a wink.
"Oh, don't bother," Candy said. "Don and I just finished a movie and were going to go get a drink."
"Oh? Did you guys spend the evening here or go to dinner too?" Jessie asked as Dex mauled her breasts, one hand freeing the other as he bit her on the neck. She cried out as the surge of bliss his teeth caused flushed through her.
"We had such a lovely dinner," Candy said, non-plussed. "He was going to take me home right after, but I suggested that we come watch a movie and relax for a bit."
"Don't mind us," Jessie said, groaning as Dex bit sucked on the skin where he'd bitten. "I'm going to be lucky if I can make it up the stairs before he takes me."
Candy was watching unashamed, her eyes blatantly drinking in the exciting scene. Don was blushing and clearly embarrassed, but Jessie could definitely see his erection clearly, even through his jeans.
"Come on, handsome," Candy said, grabbing his arm. "We better leave these two alone before we get swept up in the fun."
With a low moan, Jessie reached back and pulled adoringly at Dex's head. She loved the sound of Candy's suggestion but didn't say anything. She'd seen the gorgeous older woman staring hungrily at her and could easily tell that she was turned on. It probably wouldn't have taken much convincing.
With a smile, Candy pulled Don's arm and led him through the kitchen. "Have fun, guys," she called back, disappearing with him out the door.
Turning and grinning at Dex, Jessie pushed him back hard and stepped away from the counter. Another step took her clear of the obstruction and she began to slowly back up toward the stairs.
She was about to turn and run, but he lurched forward suddenly and grabbed her already torn dress and pulled hard. The fabric ripped again, parting another few inches down the middle and eliciting a cry of surprise and pleasure as she was forced back up against him. One hand gripped a healthy portion of her hair and pulled tight, eliciting a whimper from her as the pain signals got mixed in with the pleasure ones again.
Almost like an attack, he started to kiss her again, running his lips from her own down to her neck, shoulder, then breasts. She heard him working to get his shoes off at the same time, his hand still gripping her hair tightly.
One shoe clattered to the floor, then the other, and he began to work his pants and underwear down. She was practically melting she was so turned on, and everything he was doing to her was making it so much more intense.
Once he had his pants, socks, and underwear off, he had an obvious dilemma. He couldn't take off his shirt without letting go of her, and he couldn't let go of her or she'd get away.
With a grin, he released his grip on her hair and stepped back. Staring at her for a few seconds, he pulled his shirt off and tossed it away, but she'd already turned and bolted for the stairs. Cackling as she ran, she was genuinely surprised when Dex caught her at the first step.
She fell to her knees, her back arching and her rump raised to present her pussy for him. He came up to her breathing hard, and through her excited, nervous laughter, she heard him groan in his own surging arousal. Her pussy was throbbing hard, and she knew it would only take the slightest touch to send her through the roof.
*****
Dex
He's barely registered that anyone else was even present, let alone been able to look at them long enough to see who it was or greet them in any way.
Jessie's dress was hanging around her waist in tatters as she fell to her knees on the stairs. He stalked closer, the curvy bulge of her incredible ass enticing him closer. The gem-cap of her plug was snug in its place, and he saw the remnants of cum still flecking the surface and the edges. A single tear drop had managed to free itself as he stared, running lazily down from her asshole and disappearing into the folds of her cunt.
She continued to kneel there on the stairs where he'd pushed her, breathing hard and moaning softly while he waited to strike. Patiently he started forward, forcing himself to take his time. His cock was a tower of flesh, iron hard and throbbing intensely. His will crumbling more each moment he stared at her luscious ass and the foreign object lodged snugly in it, his brother's cum dribbling down, he finally had had enough.
Reaching up, he gripped one of her hips tightly, the other hand at the base of his cock. Running the head along her slit a single time sent her shivering in place, her legs starting to shake from the anticipation.
Then, at last, he pushed the fat head of his cock into her hungry little pussy, the tight lips curling around it in a lover's embrace. He slid fully into her, the drenched flesh easily accepting the girth of him as drove in.
With a weak cry of defeat, she fell forward, her ass still presented but her face laying on one of the steps as he drove slowly, deliberately into her. A thumb pushed on the gem-cap of her plug, eliciting another cry as he began to pull back. He groaned deeply, the surging arousal in him boiling just beneath the point of no return.
At last, satisfied that she wasn't going to be hurt, he let loose. In a flash he was slamming his hips against her butt, his cock driving hard into her pussy as it began to convulse and contract down on him. She cried out weakly, her emphatic moans encouraging him to keep going as he drove in over and over again.
Her words were unintelligible as he pounded into her, both hands gripping her hips and pulling her back hard. The plug logged in her ass was jumping around with each thrust, and he groaned in pleasure as he realized he could feel it each time he thrust into her.
Her cries were still coming, and though they were mostly gibberish, he did manage to make out a few words as his own orgasm reached the tipping point.
"Cumming..." she gasped, "... still... so... much..."
Dex grunted, his cock head expanding to pump a huge burst of cum into her as she clamped down even harder on him, her cries almost siren-like in intensity. Again he fired into her, another and another swallowed by her madly contracting pussy flesh.
Several more strokes followed, his cock dumping the rest of the load into her before the two fell still, holding in place for a few minutes. Only when her breathing had returned to relatively normal did Dex finally pull himself free.
Without hesitation, he leaned down and picked her up, then slowly carried her up the stairs to his bathroom. Once there, he set her down on unsteady legs and closed the door. Turning on the water to the shower next, he turned and took her hand to help her into the shower.
The raging, almost violent sexual encounter that had taken place just a few minutes before had ceased, and he proceeded to methodically wash her entire body with unfettered affection. He didn't hurry, taking his time and deliberately scrubbing every inch of her as slowly as he could.
After he finished her legs, he turned her around and worked the plug free. She whimpered, as he saw the ooze sliding out of her, then stood and turned her around to pull her up tight against him.
"I love you so damn much," he said.
"I love you too," she replied. "More than anything or anyone."
Several minutes passed while they clung to each other, the cum and other fluids washing away without a trace. After the shower was over, he spent a few minutes hand drying ever part of her. She happily returned the favor, then smiled as he lifted her up in his arms and carried her to his bed.
After an hour of laying in each other's arms and caressing touches and kisses against skin, she turned and looked directly at him.
"Dex?" she whispered, even though they were the only ones in the room.
"Yeah, baby?" he replied, brushing his fingers through her long hair.
"I just want to say thank you," she continued, her voice still a whisper. "I never thought I'd find a guy as incredible as you: someone that understands what makes me truly happy without it being perverted into something else. You are... my everything."
His fingers trailed through her hair a few more times before he responded. "You're welcome, baby," he said. "Every day I can't imagine loving you more, and yet I do."
She kissed him again, then looked back into his eyes with a smile on her face.
"What?" he asked quietly.
"Just thinking," she shrugged. "Do you think we embarrassed your dad?" she asked.
"That was them when we got home?" he asked. "I was... zeroed in on you and didn't pay attention."
"Yep," she said with a low giggle. "Candy looked like she enjoyed it, but your dad was pretty red."
"Ha," he said. "I'm pretty sure you'll try and make it up to him somehow."
She looked at him with an amused expression, though her wheels were obviously turning.
"Maybe I should sneak out of here when you go to sleep," she ventured, her lips scrunched up in thought. "That way, I could say I'm sorry properly. I'd have your brother's cum in my ass, your cum in my pussy, and your dad's in my mouth. I'd be totally set!"