It had turned a bit chilly and I was glad that I remembered to pack a sweater on this trip. I returned to the fire pit just in time to see Nick and Valerie walking away toward their tent, arms around each other. I smiled after them, glad to see time away from kids and work had brought them back to looking like the couple I remember so much from college. I sat myself back down on the very end of the large log that was near the fire pit, putting a large amount of space between myself and Cloe and Vince. I was determined to finish my beer before I headed back to my cold tent to pass the evening hearing everyone have sex except for me.
It looked like Cloe and Vince were halfway there themselves; Cloe's legs draped over Vince's and his hand working up and down her thigh, sliding under her shorts a little further every time. They were kissing deeply, and I tried to look at them sideways so I wouldn't be caught openly staring. A log in the fire popped loudly, making Cloe jump and laugh loudly. "Jen!" she exclaimed, pushing off of Vince slightly and smoothing her hair. "I didn't know you were coming back," she said, leaving the comment a little open ended, probably hoping to hear that I was leaving to go to sleep soon.
I smiled and held up my beer, using the bottle to gesture to them. "Don't you two worry. I just want to finish my beer." I took a swig and looked into the fire, feeling kind of smug that they had to wait just because of me. I could feel Vince glaring at me, and I glared back while taking a very small drink of my beer. I knew I was being a bitch about it, and if I needed any kind of confirmation it was clear on Vince's face. But sweet Cloe wasn't having it, and she hit Vince on the arm and started up some conversation.
I heard Vince breathe out of his nose in frustration, and he got up and walked into the woods, more than likely to relieve himself and punch a tree. I could understand his frustration; Cloe was a beautiful girl. With her long, dark hair, pale skin, full lips and figure, she really was a sight to take in. I couldn't help but wonder what she looked like naked, and being pretty positive that Vince new exactly what she looked like, I couldn't blame him for being upset at any delay in seeing her so.
I took the last swig of my beer as Vince came back from the woods, his stride fast and determined. I said something that made Cloe laugh, and she turned towards Vince when she heard him walking up. Cloe and I had moved a bit closer together for the sake of conversation and he came right to us. "Vince," she started, snickering a little. "Jen was just telling me..." but she was cut off by Vince sitting down between her and I, facing me.
"Look, I am trying really hard to not be a dick about it, but I have been looking forward all day to having sex with my girlfriend next to the fire, so unless you intend to watch..." and he motioned in a way that clearly stated I should make my way to my tent.
Vince didn't know me. Being a work acquaintance of Nick's, we had only met each other in passing a handful of times, and during those times I had more conversation with Cloe than him. I heard Cloe gasp behind him, clearly embarrassed at her boyfriend's actions. I sat there for a moment not breaking eye contact him, and then shrugged with a small smile on my face.
"Ok," I said, and stayed right where I was. I could see the thoughts running in his mind on his face. At first there was triumph at thinking I was agreeing to leave. Then there was confusion, and then determination.
"Fine," he said, and stood up and turned to Cloe. Cloe had a shocked look on her face and she looked back and forth between Vince and I.
"Vince, I don't think I..." she started, and then he bent over and kissed her. I could tell the exact moment she melted. At first she was stiff, still trying to look at me with a pleading look in her eyes. Then he turned his head slightly, and her eyes closed slowly, and I could see from the light of the fire the glistening of tongues flash from time to time. The thought of such a kiss lit a fire between my thighs and I shifted slightly on the log to feel a moment of friction between myself and my jeans.
He pulled the blanket from over her shoulders and threw it at me, hitting me in the face and making me smile to myself. He must have thought he was making me uncomfortable, but again, he didn't know me. I stood up and saw Vince glance in my direction for a second, probably thinking I was getting up to leave. Instead I unfolded the blanket and laid it on the ground between the fire and the log. It was still a good distance away from the fire to feel it's warmth, but not be burned by it.
Vince broke away from the kiss and stood straight, leaving Cloe a bit breathless and flustered. He took her hands and pulled her up to him and started kissing her again, slowly walking forward which made her back up towards the blanket, her back to me. He pulled her shirt up and over her head and discarded it nearby, away from the fire. She wore a black bra, which contrasted with her skin beautifully in the firelight, and I could see the smooth curve of her back and shoulders.
He wrapped his arm around her waist and started to lean forward, forcing her to put an arm behind her as he lowered her down gently. As she laid down on the blanket, her hair sprawled out around her, and Vince started to plant kisses down her neck and shoulders, making Cloe let out a light sigh. As Vince kissed his way across the tops of her breasts, I saw him bring his hands over her belly and up to the small clasp that was shining between her breasts. I heard a small 'pop' and then the cups of her bra were moved to the side to expose two perfect, large, beautiful breasts.
He instantly moved his mouth to one of her nipples, and she took a quick intake of breath at the sensation. I gasped myself as my imagination tried to stimulate the sensation to my own nipple, only leaving it aching. I reached up to my own breast and pinched my nipple through my shirt and bra, feeling hot all over as soon as I started to touch myself. I must have made another noise because I saw Vince glance up at me. Once he saw what I was doing he groaned and licked his way to her other nipple, her hand resting on the back of his head.
She gasped again and I could see that he was using his teeth, and I pinched my nipple harder. It was getting too hot for a sweater now, and I reluctantly released my nipple to take my sweater and my shirt off. The movement got Cloe's attention, and I could tell she had forgotten I was there. She started for a moment, but a second later Vince had slide his hand down between them and was rubbing between her legs. Her eyes closed and she arched against him, her body making her forget I was there.
I unclasped my own bra and cast it aside, revealing my not tiny, but not large breasts. I took both of them in my hands and started to knead them, pinching and lightly twisting my nipples as Vince suckled on Cloe's. Her breathing was coming harder now as he rubbed her through her shorts, her hips slowly moving up and down as she got more excited.
He broke away from her nipple to pull of his own shirt and undo the fly of his pants, her hands reaching inside as he lowered himself back above her to kiss her deeply. I could hear him moan into her mouth, and I couldn't wait to see him naked and entering her. My mind flashed with images of him getting her on her back, from behind, over the log...every way imaginable, and I couldn't help but to start grinding against the log between my legs that I was straddling, getting myself more excited and wet the more I moved.
He broke away from the kiss to stand up and pull of his jeans. As he was doing so, Cloe shimmied out of her shorts and underwear and tossed them aside, revealing a small triangle of dark hair between her legs. Vince was more than ready, his cock thick and long, the tip glistening in the fire light. As he started to lower himself to his knees, Cloe rolled over and got on all fours, looking back at him. He grabbed her hip with one hand and his cock with the other, and slowly started to ease himself into her.
Cloe groaned and then turned to look at me, the pleasure evident on her face. I undid the fly of my own jeans and reached down into them, feeling my fingers glide easily between my lips with all of the wetness I was producing. I threw my head back and moaned, and heard Cloe moan in response. When I looked at her again she was looking back at Vince, and he was looking at her. He turned his gaze to me and thrust into Cloe hard, making her call out softly and making my body jolt. He did it again and we both reacted the same, but this time I let out a little cry of my own.
I could imagine her beautiful pussy stretching for him. I could imagine the feeling of him deep inside of her; of me. I stared to rub my clit as I looked down to see her tits bounce as he entered her, see her ass jiggle a little as he moved faster, sliding into her over and over. The sound of flesh meeting flesh started to become rhythmic, and I moved my fingers against my clit to match it.
Cloe was moaning into the blanket and pushing back against Vince, the muscles of her arms tensing and releasing as she did so. Then she started breathe deeply, looking up at me. Her mouth went wide, and I knew she was about to come. I kept my eyes fixed with her as the same expression started to pass over my own face. She let out a ragged moan right as I felt myself tighten around the cock I imagined was inside of me and my body shook uncontrollably as I rubbed my clit slowly, drawing out the orgasm as long as I could.
A second later I heard a loud groan, and when I looked up Vince had Cloe's hips held tight up against him, his body jerking slightly as he came deep inside of her. He slowly pulled out of her, and I could see his cock glisten in the light of the fire from their combined juices. He fell back onto his heels and Cloe collapsed on her stomach onto the blanket, all of us thoroughly spent. I slid my hand out of my pants and reached down for my shirt, putting it on.
Cloe looked at me from a side glance and smiled, and I smiled back. Vince was still sitting on his heels with his eyes closed as I slowly made my way back to my tent.