Last evening was such a big step forward for me. My heart was beating so hard that I could hear it outside. As planned my hubby was out today running some errands (I had asked him to get some materials for our fencing and to repair our pool).
I had texted Matt, my husband's and my high school mate, to be home by 7 30 for dinner. I told him I feel like having dinner with him and he agreed to come home for dinner. I pulled into my garage at around 6 50. Went inside the house to refresh me a little bit but not much and to pee and drink some water. I came back to my garage by 6 57, and my heart was pounding hard. I already had pulled my car into the garage in reverse. I turned on the heater and adjusted my bra. I put my car keys in my purse and kicked to the bottom of the car.
I decided to tell him the following as how I got stuck "I pulled into our driveway, our garage remote was opening so I pushed the window down to open the garage door. I got out of the car with engines running and had to run to the restroom. I came back and was lazy to step into the car but instead tried to turn the car off by pressing on the button through the open window. I pushed the engine on/off button and pressed the window button to make it come back up and before I could get out completely window came up fast and my tits got stuck. I left my keys in the house so unable to remote start the engine."
I popped two buttons on my blouse and pulled on the buttons to the point of almost tearing them off the blouse, to make it look like I struggled and they popped open. I turned the heater towards me and set it to 90 F. I lifted my skirt by almost two inches so that the top of my stocking and a good amount of my thighs are visible. I put my tits and adjusted myself so that my bra's underwire will sit on the window glass. I pulled on my blouse a little more to have my cleavage exposed well. I took a deep breath and the pulled on the window button.
My heart raced as the motor whirred and started lifting my tits and pushed them against the roof. I pulled on the window button once more to see if it can move up a little more and it did move slightly squeezing my tits and making the grip tight. I twisted to see if the grip was tight and it sure was tight, at least good enough to hold me in and would require at least decent pressure to get me out.
I looked at my iwatch and the time was 7 03. "Perfect!" I told myself. I started feeling the pressure on my tits within a few minutes. The bra I wore had a bigger underwire than the one I used for my trial run and so it was cutting more into my tits. My heart was racing and I was getting wetter by the minute. My nipples were already poking and the thought that somebody might just pull into the driveway and see me in this condition. The heater was blowing hot air towards me and it felt good for the cold but soon I was sweating. I could feel sweat patches forming near my armpits and on my back.
The window was putting on more pressure and I started feeling sharp cutting pain in 10 minutes. It seemed like forever already. I was grunting a little with pain and pressure. My mind was thinking of different things and was running wild like what if my neighbors drop by or what if my husband returns back early or hell if any friend stops by or even a burglar.
The trial was different and once the reality that Matt will have to come and rescue me in this situation set in and I was already very embarrassed. I gave him a call from my phone around 7 25 to check if he is still coming and he said he is on his way. I patiently waited for him but I was already very uncomfortable and my body was experiencing pain in my stomach, back and of course on my tits. I sure could feel my tits slowly turning purple-red.
Matt finally pulled into the garage around 7 40 and he waved at me as he was getting out of his car. He thought I was just waiting by the car but I asked him to come closer and help me. He moved closer and asked me what happened. I felt a big know in my stomach. I was embarrassed to tell him that I got my tits stuck. I just told him I am stuck in the car window and asked for his help. I told him the story of how I got stuck as he turned on the garage light and was trying to look for a way.
He held my shoulders and tried to pull me out and it added to the pain as my tits were getting pulled and getting stretched. He had to move close to me and I could feel him on me as he pulled. I told him it is not working and is causing me more pain. I told him so because he was pulling on strongly and I did not want to be released immediately. He then went inside to search for the keys but he could not find them. (I had both the spare keys and had hidden the purse under my car but did not tell him that).
He then opened the door to check where I am stuck. I was trying hard to not blush as he could see my mangled blouse and my cleavage popping out. I explained to him that I tried to get out but could not. I could see him observing my tits and my exposed bra. My blouse was all sweaty and I apologized to him for being such a mess. I asked him if he could try to push. He asked me if my husband was around to help. I told him he is out and may not be back for a while.
He took his hands and put them on my tits. My half hard nipples hardened in an instant poking over my bra. I could see some of my areolae was already peeking out of my bra. He tried to push it out by pushing on both my tits and his fingers were on my cleavage rubbing up and down and his palms near my nipples. I was pushing from the other side a little so that he wouldn't manage to push me out. Slowly one more button popped with the pressure on three sides making my the blouse move more to the side. Since a lot of blood flow has been cut off to my tits each touch was giving me a lot of pain. I could see him trying to get me out but also enjoying as his hands kind of moved around massaging a little.
He said he is going to try and pull me out one more time. I held on the door frame and he wrapped his hands over my waist and pulled me. I could feel his half hard cock as his entire body was rubbed against me. I was also holding the door frame to add to some resistance. I screamed whenever I felt he was loosening the grip a little so he would let go of me. He went to my front and looked at my tits for a few seconds and moved closer to the window to see where it is stuck. He told me looks like the blouse is stuck inside the window and then he looked at me and asked "maybe we should try to" and paused.
I asked him if he is suggesting to cut my blouse off and he said yes looks like it is the only way. I asked him to do anything necessary to. He got scissors from the garage and stood behind me and started slicing from my sleeve to shoulders on both sides. Back of my blouse fell of exposing my wet back to him. He then moved to the front and pulled hard on the blouse making the buttons to pop and tearing the blouse into two pieces. I was standing there in front of stuck in my car window with only a bra trying hard to cover my tits.
I was so wet at this point and I could feel them about to start dripping. He then tried to lift individual tit by cupping them at the bottom and pushing them out. He was enjoying it I guess because I could his pressure was not as strong as before. Or maybe he was tired. But I could see some strong erection in his pants. He said now looks like the bra underwire is stuck inside the window pane. I asked him embarrassingly that maybe my bra needs to be cut off too. He thought for a few seconds while groping at my tits and agreed that the bra needs to be cut off too.
He sliced the bra straps and unclasped them from my back. He tried cutting at the center but the underwire was strong so he had to use to a wire cutter to slice it open. My bra fell to the ground exposing my purple-red tits with my nipples so hard. My face turned red as this was very humiliating for me. He cupped my left tit rubbing against my nipples and lifted it a little and told me that the window is cutting hard into my tits.
His fingers were on my nipples while he was trying to get a closer look. Topless, Horny, Embarrassed and feeling like a complete slut with my juices flowing down my thighs. I so badly wanted to cum. He moved to my back and put his hands through the window, pulling himself closer to me and cupped my tits and tried to pull me out. His hands were on my nipples rubbing on them while he was pulling me out. I could feel his fully hard cock on my ass riding my skirt higher. I suggested that maybe massage oil could help.
He went inside to bring it from my bedroom and I was rubbing my nipples. I licked my fingers and used my saliva to rub my nipples. The almost numb nipples were giving me a lot of pain. He took his time to get the oil. I am not sure if he was watching me from inside the house and I could not see as my back was turned to the garage door connecting the house. He came out after a couple of minutes later with oil in his hand and applied them all over my tits, even on my nipples. It felt so good with the cold oil flowing down my tits. After massaging the bottom of my tits with oil for a few minutes, he was able to pull them out (I also let him without resisting much) one by one.
It was a sudden rush of blood followed by pain once my tits got released from the window. My torn blouse and bra were both on the floor. I hugged him thanking him. He picked up the torn blouse and bra and helped me walk inside. Once inside I asked him if he could help me put some moisturizer on the deep cut (no blood though) that the window had made on my tits. I washed my tits and he helped me apply moisturizer. I told him I am going to let them get some air while he helped set the dinner table. I spent the next 15 minutes topless walking around the house. I hurriedly put on a t-shirt when I heard my husband pull into the driveway. He was surprised to see Matt home but he was happy that he is home for dinner.
We both spent the dinner looking at each other awkwardly. My juices were flowing down my ankles as we were having dinner.