Tiffany and Ashley: the Case of the Hotel in the Wooded Hills
"So Ashley, do you think this haunted hotel is actually, like, haunted?" Tiffany asked.
"Ooh, I hope so! Don't want to drive all this way for nothing!" Ashley answered enthusiastically.
"When are we supposed to be there?" Tiffany asked.
"Hours ago, Tiff. But it doesn't really matter. It is a hotel."
Tiffany and Ashley considered themselves paranormal investigators and found a new place to investigate, way, way out in the hills in the country. The remote location had attracted them both. The road winded and meandered around many hills and valleys, testing Tiffany's already horrible driving ability. Tiffany had always enjoyed a good ghost story, while Ashley considered herself an 'expert' after she encountered a ghost in her home as a young girl.
The road had grown dark in the early evening as a storm rolled over the countryside. Rain started sprinkling and faint sound of thunder in the distance. Then it began raining more heavily and flashes of lightning grew closer. They had lost their way several times and had turned around many times in their journey.
"I thought we were close. Did we miss a turn?" Tiffany said.
Ashley sat in the passenger seat looking at the map, trying to find something recognizable. After passing a sign with a name, "Misty Oak, Ashley squealed with delight and pointed at the map for Tiffany. Tiffany, in her absent-mindedness, leaned over Ashley to look, forgetting to look at the road.
Tiffany jerked the wheel back to steer the car back in the road. but the front tire hit a downed branch. The flapping of a flat tire pulled the car more to the side. Tiffany screamed and slammed on the brakes, sending everything in the car flying to the windshield.
"Oh my gosh! Can you change a flat?" Ashley said but Tiffany returned her question with a blank look. "Yeah, no, what do we do?"
They both looked at their cell phones but had no signal. They sat with the engine running for some time until Tiffany noticed it was getting colder outside as the sun set distantly behind the storm that rolled off the hills, and Tiffany also noticed her Low Gasoline light. She bit her lip and looked at Ashley who continued to look at the map. Ashley looked up and noticed the storm getting worse.
"It has been almost an hour and no one has driven along this road. What do we do, Ash?"
"Well, should we walk down the road or something? The hotel is that way, I think. Just beyond those trees," Ashley said and pointed toward the side of the road. They both looked at each other and sighed as the sky faintly illuminated with distant lightning. Ashley and Tiffany started walking along the road in the cold rain and dark.
*** Chapter 2 ***
Rain fell and the air grew chilly. Tiffany and Ashley both felt cold and wet, angry and confused at the situation. Tiffany felt like crying. Ashley wanted to apologize but did not know what to say. They held the other in fear and out of anxiety. After walking a few hundred paces, Ashley looked back to the car hoping for something, and Tiffany stopped in her tracks and looked in both directions.
The cold rain made Ashley shiver, and her legs began to shake, her nipples pushing into her dress. Not wanting to struggle in her heels, Ashley pulled off her high-heels and held the red shoes in her hand, her purse in the other. She wore a small, floral print, strapless dress that pushed out her cleavage and was entirely too short. She had strawberry blond, curly hair and a voluptuous figure that looked almost poured into her tight dress. Tiffany, a leggy platinum-blond with enormous, gravity defying breasts, wore a t-shirt cut above her midriff, exposing a hint of under-cleavage and a pair of boy-shorts. She wore a small pair of sneakers.
With each drop of rain, the two grew a little colder, and they quickened their step to keep warm. They had not prepared for such a cool night in late spring. Their clothing started soaking through to the skin. Tiffany felt her nipples pointing into her small, tight shirt. Ashley felt the cold water dripping down her cleavage into her dress.
"Ashley, are we, like, going in the right direction?" Tiffany stood shaking.
"I think so. The place was really close. We were on the wrong road to enter the property I think? It was, like, on the other side, so that means we must be close to it. Maybe that way? Because it was close on the map as we drove in this direction? Yeah!" Ashley pointed to one side of the road.
They both looked in the direction Ashley pointed. The wall of verdant green looked daunting. Ashley shrugged and approached the thick foliage.
"Yeah, no, I think it is this way, Tiff. It was only a mile on foot, but it was twenty on the road to drive all the way around." Ashley said, but Tiffany seemed hesitant. "If we don't see anything, I promise we turn around."
Tiffany rolled her eyes and walked stiffly behind Ashley, and the two entered the forest. The first step Ashley took, her feet sank into gravel and mud, setting her off balance. She grabbed a tree branch to steady herself and continued walking. Tiffany followed, frightened and cold. Branches and sticks poked and prodded them with each step.
One bush snagged the hem of Ashley's dress, and she tugged to free herself, not wanting to take one step backwards. Tiffany pushed Ashley as she stepped forward, and Ashley's dress tore at the hem.
The mud started to slip and slide more and more, and Ashley struggled to keep her balance. She dropped her purse at some point as she clawed at trees to brace herself of help her move ahead in the dark. Tiffany kept soldiering forward, scared and cold. She felt leaves and twigs swatting her as she moved. Another chunk of log lay in their path. The top had grown slippery with lichen and moss and the rain helped it even more. Ashley had trouble stepping on it and grabbed Tiffany and a broken branch to steady herself. When she put weight on her foot on the moss, she slipped and tumbled back into Tiffany. As she fell the broken branch caught her dress and tore again as she fell, tearing it up the side, exposing her left hip, and pulling the fabric enough that her nipples almost popped out of the dress.
"Sorry, Tiffany," Ashley said as she climbed to her feet and helped Tiffany out of the muddy puddle where she landed. The two slowly climbed across the slippery log.
They stood and continued wandering into the dark forest. After a few dozen paces from the hellish log, Tiffany stopped to lean her body against a tree branch for a moment. She rested her head on the trunk, and Ashley stood behind her and embraced Tiffany. She rested her head on Tiffany's shoulder, but then she saw a faint light through a parting in the trees. It looked like a lit window of a house.
"I see light, Tiffany!" Ashley exclaimed.
Keeping her head up and looking for the light, Ashley missed the ground sloping away at her feet, with one misstep, she fell forward and pulled Tiffany with her. They both slid and tumbled across the wet leaves into a thick pool of mud at the bottom of the short slope.
Tiffany stood covered in mud, looking for Ashley. Ashley pushed herself to her hands and knees, and Tiffany helped her to her feet. Ashley's dress had come clean off in the tumble, ripped away from her body by something up the hill. Half her body was caked in mud, naked with nothing covering her but her red thong. Somehow she still had her high-heels in hand. She used her free hand to wipe mud from her bare chest.
It rained harder, thick enough to wash much of the mud off Ashley's perky breasts and flat stomach. Tiffany wiped the mud from her face and body only to find her shirt had ripped. Now her shirt had a massive tear up the front that showed more of her cleavage. Her hard nipples pushed against the transparent wet fabric.
"Ashley, which way did you see the light?"
"I think..." Ashley looked at the hill off which they fell, then turned to survey the area. She paced in one direction then the other, then pointed and hopped up and down. "That way!"
Tiffany and Ashley helped each other up and down numerous obstacles then came to a clearing where they could see the light more clearly. It appeared not too far from them. They came to a small rocky area that looked like the eroded walls of a riverbed. Tiffany climbed down into the shallow ravine and stood on a large stone. Ashley slowly followed, still holding her high-heels. When she got to the bottom, she tried to stand next to Tiffany, but they both lost balance and fell into the mud.
Ashley sat up and tried to stand, but her feet sank quickly into the mud. Tiffany clambered to her feet and also sank deep in the mud. They both slowly moved forward through the deep, wet soil, each step driving them deeper and deeper. Tiffany lost one shoe, then fell into a puddle of water. She scrambled around in the water and felt mud sliding around her whole body.
Ashley avoided the hazard that seized Tiffany and headed to the wall of the ravine, crawling on her belly through deep mud that pulled and suctioned all around her lithe body and found stable footing on the opposite wall and tried to pull Tiffany out of the soup. Tiffany crawled on her elbows to Ashley's outstretched hand, took it and climbed next to Ashley. The mud had pulled and pulled, but Tiffany finally seemed to float out of it and into Ashley's arms.
They embraced then kissed passionately for a brief moment. Ashley felt her body tingle and put a hand between her legs and found her panties had slid off somewhere in the mud! Tiffany stood and found her shorts had disappeared in the mud as well. Both women stood without anything covering their bodies.
"The mud got my panties! Where are yours?" Ashley said.
"I didn't wear any today," Tiffany replied. "Let's keep moving."
Ashley and Tiffany held each other, both naked, and continued walking.
Before long the light appeared very close, giving them the spirit to continue.
Ashley and Tiffany held each other, shaking and quivering, naked and cold as they approached the light. Finally, as they cleared a few trees, Ashley saw the source of the light was indeed the hotel!
The practically ran, Tiffany holding her huge breasts, Ashley holding her tits with one hand and her shoes in the other. The scrambled up a long stone walkway and through a garden, then finally standing on the porch in front of a door.
Tiffany knocked desperately. Ashley and Tiffany saw movement inside the door, and they both realized they had lost all their clothing and attempted to cover themselves as best they could. Tiffany covered each of her large nipples with one cupped hand, not caring to cover her mostly hairless snatch. Ashley held her large breasts in one arm and covered her crotch with her shoes. They both stood filthy with mud in their hair and all over their naked bodies.
Tiffany and Ashley set foot before the door of the bed and breakfast with only a single thong panty between them.
"Ashley, are those mine?" Tiffany demanded, shivering. "I am naked, and you are wearing my panties?"
"Well, yeah. I mean. I did not know they were yours and I did not recognize them," Ashley said and rung the doorbell.
Tiffany reached over and grabbed the panties, trying to pull them down Ashley's legs. Ashley objected and the two scuffled until the thong ripped and hung from Ashley's ankles in shreds.
They both stood naked on the doorstep as the door creaked open.
*** Chapter 3 ***
"What do we do? We are naked," Tiffany said.
"I am naked. At least you still have your shirt, Tiff."
"Yes, but it doesn't cover anything. My tits are totally out in the open!" Tiffany said.
"Look, we will tell them-" Ashley quieted herself when she saw someone right behind the window in the door.
"Hello?" The door opened.
"H-Hi! We had a reservation for tonight, but we had trouble and now we are here!" Tiffany said to the woman in the doorway.
"Yes? Oh, yes! Of course. Come in," the woman moved out of the way for Tiffany and Ashley. "Yes, right down this way."
Tiffany and Ashley entered the house and looked at the woman in confusion. She did not seem to notice their lack of clothing. She shut the door and turned to face the two naked women, and they saw her face and eyes. The woman looked blind as her eyes looked unfocused and wandering. She looked a little older than Ashley or Tiffany, and she had stunning features including short, curly brown hair, thick, luscious lips and a slender yet curvaceous figure.The woman wore a small tank-top that showed off her perky breasts and small, nylon shorts pulled tight on her round hips and bottom.
"You are my first guests in a few days. I hope you enjoy your stay. My name is Loretta. We can get you settled in." The woman walked down a hallway and Ashley and Tiffany followed. The warm interior felt amazing on their cold, wet bodies.
"We had an accident. I had a flat. And we do not have our things... what do we do?" Tiffany said. The woman looked upset with the news.
"Are you alright?"
"We are just shaken," Ashley said.
"And filthy!" Tiffany said. They both stood shaking and wet in the lobby.
"Well, dears. Wh-What's... First, what are your names?"
"Tiffany and I am Ashley."
"Welcome, Tiffany and Ashley. Of course! I already have your information. How about a bath or shower?" Loretta said.
"Yes, please!" Tiffany said.
Loretta led the two nude women through the small hotel to their room, one of the eight rooms available. The hotel had a split level with the lobby on one floor at the bottom and up a length of stairs, another floor for the hotel rooms.
Loretta gave them the key after fumbling and opening the door, and Ashley rushed in the room while Tiffany spoke to Loretta.
"I will bring you your linens. If you came for the ghost-"
"Yes, we did!"
"Great, we can chat after you return to the lobby. I will return with your linens. Bathroom is shared at the end of the hall!" Loretta wandered down the hall.
Tiffany entered the room as Ashley walked back into the hall and quickly to the bathroom, and she started a hot shower. Tiffany joined Ashley and took off the small remnant of her small shirt. She took off her one muddy and destroyed shoe, and Tiffany grabbed Ashley for balance as she stepped under the water. The very hot water felt invigorating on their bodies. The mud quickly washed into the drain. They stood in silence, letting the water beat on their skin for some time before Ashley put her arm around Tiffany. They embraced and laughed for a moment. Tiffany kissed Ashley, and Ashley kissed Tiffany. Ashley giggled and pecked Tiffany on the lips again. Tiffany pulled her close. They grew more passionate until Tiffany started kissing Ashley's neck, while Ashley massaged Tiffany's huge breasts.
"It's so good to be alive!" Ashley said and they cried together for a moment in the hot water.
"So, Ashley, what will you ask her for the interview? This should be funny if we have to interview her naked. Do you think she knows?" Tiffany whispered.
"I bet she has no idea nor would she care. She is blind."
"I wonder if I could get away with masturbating in front of her? I wonder how much I could do without her knowing?" Tiffany bit her lip and pinched her nipple with one hand, stroking her inner thigh with the other. Ashley's mouth hung open with mock disbelief. "I actually would not mind sitting on her face and feeling that beautiful mouth in my pussy. Do you think-"
Ashley saw a shadow pass over the shower curtain. She jerked it aside to see Loretta standing in the middle of the bathroom with a stack of towels. Ashley looked quickly to Tiffany to see her frozen with a look of lustful shock. Ashley poked Tiffany in the ribs, and Tiffany held back a squeal as she writhed.
"Thank you so much!" Ashley said as she climbed out the shower, staring with a playful smile at Tiffany. "You scared me!"
"Sorry, I did not mean to, sweetie," Loretta smiled and pulled a small squeeze bottle of lotion from her small shorts. You said you lost your stuff. So I wanted to offer you some lotion if you wanted it or needed it." Ashley grabbed the bottle and squeezed some lotion on her legs and rubbed lotion between her thighs, through her strip of strawberry pubic hair and up her stomach. Tiffany turned off the water.
"Mmm, thanks for the lotion, Loretta," Ashley said. Tiffany stepped out of the shower and looked at Loretta, then mockingly pouted. Tiffany stood in front of Loretta massaging her massive breasts, pinching her nipples and blowing kisses, teasing Loretta. Ashley pinched Tiffany on her round ass.
"Is there anything else I can do?" Loretta said with a smile.
"Oh, yeah, um..." Tiffany straightened herself. "We lost our belongings and got covered in mud after we, like, got in a wreck and left our stuff. We don't have any... do you have, like, a lost-and-found?" Loretta bit her lip and blushed.
"Of course, sweetie. Sorry to hear. I hope you are doing well otherwise. Come to the lobby and ring the bell on the counter. I look through a lost-and-found for clothing," Loretta said. Tiffany wrapped her hair in a towel when she finished drying her tall, shapely body.
"We will be there in a minute, just need to finish up," Tiffany said. Her cheeks had gotten rosy from playing in front of Loretta.
"Oh, of course, sorry. I did not mean to be rude," she said and blushed, then she walked out of the bathroom, shut the door slowly, and wandered down the hall, old wooden boards creaking and groaning here and there. Tiffany began rubbing lotion over Ashley's back. They both had a few bruises on their bodies but still not as many as they expected.
"Wow, Tiff! Do you think she heard you?" Ashley poked Tiffany in the ribs again. Tiffany playfully swatted her hand, her face looked pink and flush. Ashley laughed at her briefly.
"Why don't you ask her out?" Ashley prodded again.
"Look we are here to do another interview and look around and write about this place. We do have to make a post. Our readers want hauntings," Tiffany said as she rubbed her stomach with lotion. "But she is really cute."
They both laughed, and Ashley helped Tiffany put lotion on her tall body. When she finished, Ashley grabbed Tiffany's huge breasts from behind and firmly massaged them. Tiffany squirmed for a moment then gently moaned.
"Come on, Tiff. Let's go," Ashley said and spanked Tiffany on the her round behind.
They both walked to the lobby with towels around their heads. Tiffany tried to remain somewhat modest and covered herself with her hands. Ashley strutted without shame through the hall toward the lobby but stopped near the end.
"Oh, I forgot my heels. I wanted to clean them. Hopefully they are not, like, totally ruined," Ashley said as she turned around and walked back to their room. Tiffany shrugged and continued to the lobby.
*** Chapter 4 ***
Tiffany wandered through the cozy hotel, down the stairs and into the lobby where she heard music, old rock and roll, coming from a somewhere. She searched quietly for the source of the music. Tiffany came to the lobby, saw the bell on the desk, but she did not see Loretta. She walked past the desk down a hall on the other side of the room.
In a small library Tiffany slowly pushed open a door where she found Loretta listening to music and masturbating, lying on the floor. Tiffany saw her stirring her fingers inside her small shorts. Tiffany froze and watched, biting her lip, one hand slowly squeezing one breast, the other sliding into her hairless cunt. Loretta panted and licked her lips as she stirred inside herself. Tiffany stood listening to Loretta's wet fingers in her wet folds. Tiffany put a hand on her thigh and played with herself. Loretta panted, her hand moving faster, her other hand pulling her nipple through her thin shirt. Her moaning and panting grew louder until she trembled and shook on the floor. Tiffany rubbed her clit with one hand and braced herself in the door with the other. She felt herself getting wildly excited and lost track of the music and that Loretta lay motionless on the floor. The song ended and the silence startled Tiffany. She stopped abruptly and shifted her weight from one foot to the other, and a board creaked under foot. They both sat listening, hearing only the rain.
"Hello? Is someone there?" Loretta sat abruptly at attention. She crawled slowly to her feet and moved toward the record player. She lifted the needle from the record before the next song could start. Tiffany backed away from the door, and she slowly slid her feet as quietly as she could. A sudden flash of light filled the room and hall with brilliant blue, and Tiffany waited for the crash of thunder to move to the lobby.
Loretta stood with a start, pulling her hand quickly from her shorts, her face blushing into a deep red. She stood and ran her hands over her body to ensure her clothes felt presentable. Tiffany watched Loretta's hands start at her shorts, adjusting them and pulling them tighter on her round ass, then her hands played with her flimsy shirt. Her nipples stood erect and firm. She wiped her forehead and gathered her composure turned to approach Tiffany in the lobby. Tiffany moved into the lobby as thunder rumbled and crashed, then chimed the small bell.
Loretta quickly entered the room, her face still pink and a little sweaty.
"Yes? Ashley? Tiffany?" Loretta answered.
"Tiffany."
"Yes, hello, Tiffany! What can I do for you? Oh yes! The lost-and-found," Loretta said and opened a door in the lobby. She slid a trunk across the floor and opened it. "What do you think? These are the clothes people leave behind here. Everyone is always losing clothing here."
Tiffany looked over the contents. Most of the clothing looked like strange stripper outfits. Small thongs, stockings, long socks, fishnets, mini-skirts, tube dresses, babydoll nightgowns, a few small bras and various ripped, torn or shredded clothing.
"Did you want to start the interview with the lost-and-found?"
"Oh. Um, no. We, like, lost our clothes on our way here. The car got a flat. We walked here through the forest and got stuck in mud and lost our clothes," Tiffany said somewhat sheepishly.
"So.. you were naked?"
"I still am," Tiffany said and held a shirt over her chest then dropped it back in the trunk.
"Oh..." Loretta panted for a short moment, then regained her composure and blushed. "You are naked as we speak?"
"Yes," Tiffany said and turned to face Loretta. Loretta reached toward Tiffany, and Tiffany pushed her massive breasts together with both hands and bringing them closer to Loretta's wandering hand. Before Loretta touched Tiffany's skin. Ashley's high-heels sounded in the hall way approaching.
"Tiffany? Are you in here? You will not believe this!" She turned the corner and quickly walked to Tiffany. Her shoes looked completely clean, their usual bright red. "Tiffany, my shoes are clean!"
"What?" Tiffany said as she looked puzzled at Ashley's shoes.
"That would be Karla," Loretta said. Tiffany and Ashley quieted and looked at Loretta. "She sometimes helps someone. It is best to thank her."
"How do I thank her?" Ashley asked.
"Go upstairs to her room, number eight, and say thank you. Go inside the room and thank her. She likes you. If she does not like someone she stays hidden," Loretta said.
"Go thank her, Ashley," Tiffany said. Ashley looked at Tiffany with a devilish smile.
"Yeah, so you can be alone with your new girlfriend," Ashley whispered. Tiffany blushed and her nipples hardened. She looked at Loretta.
"Wh-what? What did you say?" Loretta said with a quizzical expression.
"Oh, I was, like, wondering if these were the clothes we could use?" Ashley said, rummaging through the forgotten garb.
"Yes, Tiffany told me you both lost your clothes and need help. I do not want anyone wandering around naked... unless they want to..." Loretta purred. "So help yourself, Ashley."
Ashley found a single, thin, white nightgown and pulled it over her head and over her body. It fit almost too tight on her body. It was not long enough to completely cover her ass or the small patch of hair between her legs. Her nipples pushed against the thin nightgown, struggling to spill from the plunging neckline. Tiffany looked at her and jealously mouthed "Not fair!"
"Thanks so much. Thank you again for the clothes. " Ashley looked at the large shirt hanging draped from her shoulders, and she looked at Tiffany who pawed through various skimpy clothes. "So, I guess I will thank Karla?"
*** Chapter 5***
Ashley trotted through the hall again, climbing the length of stairs, leaving Loretta with Tiffany. Tiffany pulled on a small shirt and struggled to cover herself with it. She could not keep herself inside her small shirt that pulled tight around her huge tits, sitting just over her nipples. The shirt kept rolling itself up around her shoulders leaving her totally exposed. She slowly tried several pairs of shorts, but each was too small to pull over her round ass. She gave in and pulled on long socks that slid up over the middle of her thighs.
"So, I have something that might interest you. I gathered everything concerning her case and put it here in this folder," Loretta opened a drawer in the desk and removed a heavy pile of papers and photos in a thick folder. Tiffany looked at Loretta She moved next to Tiffany and felt for her, then handing her the folder. Tiffany put it down on the table and flipped through the many documents and photos. She found one of a young, cute, redhead with short hair.
"Karla stayed here often when my aunt ran this place. She frequented this place and brought her lovers here. She allegedly had a reputation as a corruptor of women," Loretta smiled then continued. "She would seduce women and bring them here for the night. Eventually, a man found out his wife was seeing Karla and followed Karla here, and... No one knows who. They found her with a chain wrapped around her throat."
Tiffany felt a cool breeze on her body giving her goosebumps.
"So what about the ghost?" Tiffany said moving closer to Loretta. "What about her? They never caught the guy?"
"Nobody cares anymore. It happened years ago. It has been almost twenty years or something. I remember the commotion it stirred... Karla could use someone like you that cares. Your friend should have a fun time."
***
Ashley walked down the hall, her high-heels clicking on the wooden floor.
"I wanted to thank you," Ashley said, calling down the hallway. She kept moving forward to room eight. Rain sounded as it hit the roof. A flash of lightning startled Ashley, but she laughed at herself and continued.
With another flash, Ashley saw a woman standing at the end of the hall. Her skin looked milky white, her hair as red as fire, and wearing nothing but red heels. Ashley blinked and watched her slip inside the door to room eight. Her heels clicked as she walked to the end of the hall and stood before the door. She grabbed the doorknob and felt a chill bathe her body. Her nipples stiffened under her thin nightgown as the chill flicked and teased her whole body.
***
"The ghost, just like Karla, likes to bring a cute girl to her room. Once there, she pleasures them, if she likes you. If she really likes you, she pleasures you for a while," Loretta said to Tiffany. "In life, she had the looks to get anyone she wanted. Short red hair. Flawless, white skin. Blue eyes. Great laugh. My aunt knew her when she frequented this establishment, and she said Karla loved to please. She loved to pleasure a woman and would sometimes take all night," Loretta said.
***
Ashley shut the door quietly behind her and turned to look at the interior of the room. The air felt warm and still. A green and white carpet covered most of the floor. A small lamp sat next to the large bed illuminating the room. Ashley saw the naked woman wearing red heels. She sat looking at Ashley.
"Thank you for my shoes. Thank you for cleaning them," Ashley said, transfixed by the woman in the room.
Karla stood slowly and turned to face Ashley. Ashley let out a short, heavy sigh as Karla stepped closer to her. Ashley noticed Karla's shoes had the same red color. Ashley looked at Karla as she walked. She looked at her slender, shapely body. Her trimmed, red pubic hair over her perfect cunt. Her ample breasts topped with bright pink nipples.
"I like your shoes, Karla."
"I like your shoes, honey," Karla said. Karla moved closer to Ashley until she could almost reach her. Ashley stared incredulously.
Karla stood an inch before Ashley.
"I wanted to..." Ashley trailed off as Karla's lips almost touched Ashley's face. Ashley panted and blushed. "I wanted to thank... you..."
Ashley felt Karla's lips pressing into her neck. She sighed and giggled as she felt Karla nibbling and licking her flesh. Her body squirmed and her back arched as Karla kissed over her neck. Soon, Ashley felt the small straps of her nightgown pulled to the side. She shut her eyes.
"What? Thank me for what?" Karla whispered in Ashley's ear before she plunged in her tongue. Ashley's toes curled and goosebumps covered her body.
***
"Most women that take a night here and report seeing Karla... those women always return at least a few times. I have had a night or two with her myself. I loved it. I found that some nights, she is in a better mood than most. I found the best to put her in a good mood was to play her favorite song, which my aunt had on record."
"Is that the song you were playing when I saw you-" Tiffany caught herself and grimaced at her own words.
"Yeah," Loretta smiled devilishly. "While I masturbated. It was you, huh?" Loretta adjusted her shorts with one hand.
"Sorry. I did not mean to spy on you," Tiffany said.
"No, I should apologize." Loretta seemed upset with herself and rested herself with her arms on the table.
"I liked it," Tiffany blurted out and her face reddened. She felt her pussy getting wet and having nothing to cover herself made her even wetter. Tiffany moved herself within Loretta's arms, putting a hand around Loretta's slender waist. "Please continue."
"When someone comes here and wants something from Karla, she is a no-show. When someone comes here and stays, she might show. But when someone comes with something she likes, they masturbate in the hotel at night, or they prance around naked... Karla shows them a good time... So I thought I would put Karla in a good mood for you both. You seemed like good girls..."
***
Ashley sighed as she felt Karla's hands moving over every part of her body. Her eyes fluttered when she felt Karla's lips over her stomach, Karla's hands massaging her tits. Ashley moaned as she felt a mouth suck on her nipples. She blinked and saw the lamp slowly fading into a dull red. Karla kept sucking, teasing, licking, squeezing Ashley's large tits. Ashley felt wetness dripping between her legs and down her thighs. She heard a strange ripping sound and realized her nightgown now sat in shreds on the floor. She grabbed the woman standing before her. Ashley held Karla's head and kissed her on her red lips. Karla sighed and wrapped her arms around Ashley. Ashley felt waves of intense heat swelling within her. She sighed and her body tensed then a wave of relaxation washed over her. She dropped onto the bed as she felt wave after wave of ecstasy flow through her.
***
"My aunt told me that Karla also loved to wander the hotel at night naked. The idea thrilled Karla and my aunt, too. My aunt said that..." Loretta pulled her arms around Tiffany, feeling her hips and her ass cheeks and her lack of panties or anything covering her pussy. "Oooh, I think Karla might like this!"
Tiffany pushed her huge tits against Loretta, her hard nipples pressing against Loretta's thin shirt. Loretta held Tiffany around the waist and slowly traced her hips then up over her chest. Her hands moved over and felt every inch of Tiffany's huge tits. Loretta drooled and sighed as her hands came to Tiffany's large, erect nipples with nothing covering them.
"Karla really likes pussy. Does your friend, Ashley, have a great pussy?" Loretta purred.
"Hmmm. I think so," Tiffany now stood between Loretta and the table, Loretta's hands exploring her body eagerly. Tiffany felt her pussy dripping down her thighs. She rubbed her thighs together as Loretta pinched her stiff nipples.
"Well, then Ashley is getting her pussy licked."
***
Ashley felt her body tense and relax again and again as every few strokes of Karla's tongue sent Ashley flying over the edge. She could feel her hands in Karla's hair, Karla's face buried in her dripping pussy. Karla kissed and lapped at her pussy lovingly and passionately. Ashley's legs and toes squirmed desperately as she hit her climax again and again at least a few dozen times.
Ashley opened her heavy eyelids to see Karla stand and climb on the bed. She lay Ashley flat on her back and climbed over Ashley. Karla lowered her dripping slit over Ashley's waiting mouth. Ashley lapped at her wet folds eagerly. Karla put her mouth over Ashley's pussy and kept kissing and licking.
***
Tiffany stared at Loretta's beautiful, plush lips. They looked soft and smooth and invited her, and she licked her lips. Loretta and Tiffany kissed.
"Oh my gosh. Oh! Oh!" Tiffany gasped as Loretta kissed along the inside of Tiffany's thighs. She ran her hand over Loretta's smooth, cute face, guiding Loretta to her waiting pussy. She panted and sighed as Loretta's lips pushed into her wet folds.
"Oh shit!" Tiffany felt Loretta's tongue swirling and lapping into her sensitive flesh. Her legs felt weak, so she guided Loretta and herself to a large, plush sofa in the lobby.
***
Ashley opened her eyes, pulled her head back from Karla and stared at her cute, hairless, puckered asshole and her cute pussy. She had a small trimmed patch of red pubic hair. Ashley's eyes unfocused as a wave of pleasure washed over her again. Panting, she dove her mouth back into Karla's wet snatch. Karla moaned as she kissed and swirled her tongue on Ashley's nub. Karla's body muffled Ashley's moans as they both licked and kissed the other.
***
Tiffany relaxed and stretched across the sofa, pulling Loretta to sit so she could put her head in Loretta's lap. They sat in silence, listening to the rain. Tiffany shut her eyes.
*** Chapter 6 ***
"What time is it?" Tiffany pulled herself to her feet, stumbling off the couch. Loretta rose to her feet. She felt in the air with her hands to find her desk and searched for a small object. She pressed it.
"One twenty-one a.m." It said with a robotic voice.
"Oh no. We got here at what? Nine? How long has Ashley been gone?" Tiffany said frantically.
"Here. Take my hand," Loretta said and held her hand for Tiffany to take. Tiffany grabbed her and they hurriedly moved through the hotel hall.
"Karla never hurts a woman," Loretta said as Tiffany dragged her.
Tiffany kept moving undeterred, and she found Ashley crawling on her hands and knees naked and covered in slick, drippy slime between her legs and splashed across her round, firm tits, dripping from her nipples and down her cleavage and over her stomach. The thick, viscous fluid also covered her face and neck. Ashley looked dazed or intoxicated. She could barely carry herself, throwing herself into Tiffany's arms. Tiffany shrieked feeling Ashley. Tiffany and Loretta held Ashley and pulled her into the bathroom. Loretta helped Tiffany put Ashley in the shower after pulling off her red high-heels. Tiffany yanked off her long socks now covered in slime. Tiffany held her under the water long enough for Ashley to find the strength to hold herself. She finished rinsing her body and looked at Tiffany.
"Oh, hey Tiffany. That was, like, so amazing," she said softly and climbed out of the shower. She grabbed one of the last towels and dried herself, followed quickly by Tiffany. Tiffany sighed after drying herself as once again she had no clothes. Ashley did not care and sleepily shambled to her room.
"She will be fine. She really had a ride, most get out after ten minutes. She spent several hours in there. Haha. Must have had a few hundred orgasms. Did your new clothes make it or did they get covered in goo?" Loretta put an arm around Tiffany's shoulders.
"Covered in goo and naked."
"I can give you something to wear."
"Save it for tomorrow. I am totally exhausted. I had a great night. Thanks. I cannot wait to interview you for real tomorrow." Tiffany kissed Loretta. They walked together in the hall and Loretta led Tiffany to her room. "You know exactly where everything is, huh?"
"Every inch. I feel everything or smell it."
Tiffany giggled and kissed Loretta.
"You should have enough blankets, but if you need any in the night take a look in the closet at the end of the hall near the lobby. And I will leave the clothes outside your door so you have something to wear in the morning," Loretta said as she walked to the lobby.
Tiffany looked at Ashley, who had fallen asleep on top of the blankets. She pulled the blankets out from underneath Ashley and covered her naked body. Tiffany sat down opposite Ashley on the next bed and looked at her. The room felt warm enough that she did not feel cold.
Tiffany wondered who would have killed Karla. She thought of what the file Loretta had shown her. She thought about Loretta. She thought about Loretta's lips pressing into her neck. Tiffany moved her hands to inside of her thighs as she thought about Loretta's mouth working its way across her stomach and into her wet pussy. Tiffany sprawled on her back and rubbed her clit and pinched her nipples until she trembled and sighed as she came. After catching her breath she briefly stretched before climbing under her covers and blankets in her bed. She switched off her lamp and tried to find a comfortable position in the warm bed.
She thought how sad that Karla's murderer had never been captured. Tiffany remembered a girl from when she was very young named Sarah. Someone kidnapped her, and no one found who took her or what happened to her. After so much excitement and so many wild emotions, Tiffany giggled to herself with a tear in her eye. She felt wide awake. She wondered if Loretta slept or sat awake. She thought about Loretta's tongue and beautiful lips on her hot slit. Her fingers caressed her thighs and her lower abdomen before she again masturbated.
Tiffany sat up in bed and switched on her lamp. She looked at Ashley, who lied half on top of her sheets, her legs spread wide. Feeling thirsty and still horny, Tiffany left her bed and her room, thinking about getting water and maybe something else for a snack in the middle of the night.
In the lobby Tiffany tiptoed across the squeaky wooden floorboards looking for a kitchen or a fridge, when she heard Loretta sighing and moaning from the library again. She smiled and felt a tingle of excitement as she slowly moved to the open door of the library and peeked in. She saw Loretta naked on her knees on her knees and a broad, muscled hunk of a man behind her ramming his hard cock deep inside her. Tiffany almost gasped and the sight almost startled her. Her foot stepped onto the loud floorboard again, and Tiffany wanted to curse herself. She looked back to Loretta and her man, and Loretta's smile grew wider as she pulled the man closer and deeper. Tiffany stood and watched, before she control herself she ran her fingers into her wet folds. She quickly climaxed and kept stirring her fingers deeper. She started panting and wildly swirling her fingers inside her dripping pussy. Tiffany watched Loretta gasping and arching her back and the man on top of her pulled his thick, hard cock from her gaping pussy and shot his cum all over her stomach and chest. Tiffany released and felt herself climax as a sigh left her lips. The sound alerted the man who stood quickly and moved to her. Before she could react, Tiffany stood face to face with the man. He opened the door completely and stared at her.
"Sweet-pea, someone watched us!" He said. Tiffany looked at his strong features, his broad muscular chest, arms and legs, his flat, tight abs leading to a big, thick cock. Tiffany felt herself growing more aroused staring at the muscular hunk.
"Um. Loretta?" Tiffany said playfully as she slowly covered herself with her hands.
"Jason, this is Tiffany," Loretta stood between the two of them, her ass pressing into Jason's cock. "Tiffany, meet Jason. Jason does my landscaping. From what I hear and from what I smell he does a great job. Tiffany came here to investigate Karla."
"Oh, yeah. I remember you mentioning her," Jason said with a smile beaming on his face. He held out his rough hand. Tiffany looked at him and bit her lip, then extended her own soft hand to his and shook it. Jason seemed to enjoy looking at her as much as Tiffany liked looking at him.
"Jason," Loretta whispered in his ear for a moment. Tiffany waited holding her tits in both hands. Jason nodded and grinned at what Loretta whispered in his ear.
"Loretta, what are you saying to him? Please do not keep secrets," Tiffany teased.
"Sorry, Tiffany. I just told him how Ashley had a great time with Karla while we had a great time. I told him how great your pussy tasted on my tongue."
Tiffany felt her pussy gush, her hot pussy dripping down her smooth thighs as she looked at Jason, who stared at her naked with wanton lust in his eyes, his cock slowly standing back at attention.
"Anyway, Tiffany. What can I do for you? Do you need something? Perhaps another tongue bath?" Loretta giggled. "Tiffany, why don't you help Jason by wrapping your soft lips around his hard, veiny cock?"
Hearing Loretta's words gave Tiffany one last, intense wave of pleasure, her whole body covered in goosebumps. She looked at Jason, licking her lips as he ran his hand through her thick platinum-blond hair and kissing her soft lips. She felt his hard cock pressing against her flat, tight stomach. She pulled away from Jason's rough face and grabbed his shaft with one hand. She smiled when she realized she needed to use both hands.
Squatting before Jason, Tiffany moaned and cooed as she licked his shaft up and down, swirling her tongue over the head of his cock. He sighed and ran both hands in her hair again.
"Yes. Tiffany. Get him going!" Loretta dropped behind Tiffany and started fingering herself. "Get his cock nice and hard."
Tiffany looked up at Jason whose gold brown eyes looked into Tiffany's sapphire blue eyes. She ran her hands over his stomach and felt his strong, flat stomach. He had an extremely tight physique with practically no fat on his broad, thick body. Tiffany opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, slapped Jason's cock on her lips, tongue and in her mouth, and she giggled before engulfing him with her mouth. He moaned and held her beautiful hair tighter.
"Hmmm," Loretta's fingers worked faster. "Tiffany, suck his cock and make it as sloppy as you can. I want to hear you sucking Jason's fat dick."
Tiffany looked at Jason with a smile, his hard cock between her lips as she gave him a playful shrug and pushed herself as deep as she could go. She pulled her head back, a trail of spit and drool from the tip of dick to her lips, before diving back, her lips pressing near the base of his shaft. Jason held her head and pushed down slowly, and Tiffany let out muffled whine as he pushed himself a few inches deeper until tears streamed from Tiffany's eyes and his cock pressed into the back of her throat. He pulled her back and let her gasp for air then pushed her back down again.
Loretta fingered herself and let out a heavy sigh. Jason quickened then held Tiffany in place with her lips around the base of his cock. He moaned.
"Take it in your mouth and give it me!" Loretta ordered.
Tiffany slurped and sucked as Jason shot a thick, hot load into her mouth. She eagerly took every drop, moaning with pleasure as she did, then Jason watched as Tiffany crawled on all fours over Loretta and kissed her, pushing his cum into Loretta's mouth. Loretta moaned as Tiffany's tongue and Jason's load swirled in her mouth.
"Mmm, thanks, Tiffany. That was fun. Time for some food. Do you want some?" Loretta said as she climbed to her feet and felt with her hands her way to a kitchen down the hall.
"Love some, Loretta," Tiffany said. Jason dressed himself, put a hand on Tiffany's soft cheek, pinched her nipple and smiled at her. She bit her lip and bounced her tits in her hands with a giggle. Jason stepped into the hall, and Tiffany followed to the lobby. Jason continued out the door into the darkness. Distantly, Tiffany could see the headlights of his truck as he drove away.
"Is he alright, Loretta?" Tiffany said, calling to Loretta. She pawed through the photos and articles about Karla. She found a catalogue of everything found in her room.
"Ooh, he is a little... touched. Most guys do not really pay much attention to a blind girl. Once I suck his dick or fuck him, he goes into outer-space for a while. He just goes almost mute. Ha! Ironic, huh? He will return later though." Loretta said as she brought fruit and ice-cream to the lobby. Tiffany did not respond as she read over the list.
"Do you know all the details of the case?" Tiffany said.
"I guess so. I do run a bed-and-breakfast haunted by the ghost of the woman murdered. I have to give the whole speech for guests. Although, it has been a while."
"This says that her shoes and underwear were missing from the scene. She was found nude on the floor wearing only bra and stockings. What else happened here that day?" Tiffany said. She saw the food and ate with a furious hunger.
"Well, I was a little girl. I could still see. It was an alright day. I remember we had no one in the middle of the week, except Karla. She took a room, but I never saw her. I did remember the night before, we had loud drunks in a room. During the night, they decided to try moving their car or driving somewhere, but either way, they ended up with the car smashed into a tree just next to the end of the driveway, not a few hundred paces, as I remember. The next morning I had to call the tow truck. Even then I worked here. I was young but I was fierce on the phone. I called the tow truck, he came in his blue truck and hitched up the car. He left. Karla's lover arrived and found her. "
"When did Karla check-in?"
"Around noon, I think," Loretta said, scratching her head. "Her lover arrived at three in the afternoon. I remember her scream."
A tear gathered in her unfocused eye, and Tiffany hugged her. They embraced until Loretta sighed and wiped her face.
"I am sort of cold. I bet you are, Tiffany. Let's get you some real clothes."
Loretta took Tiffany by the hand and led down the hall. Loretta opened a door and pulled Tiffany inside before shutting the door. Inside Loretta's bedroom, they went through Loretta's closet to find something Tiffany could wear. Everything was too small to even fit over her shoulders. Loretta had a more petite build than Tiffany, making the process difficult. Finally, Tiffany found a pleated skirt that she could snap around her waist, but it only just barely covered hips. Tiffany's wider hips forced her to hike the skirt higher than Loretta could wear the garment. On Loretta, the skirt ended at the middle of her thigh, but on Tiffany, it sat tight around her slender waist, high over her wide hips, barely draping her round ass and leaving her long legs bare.
Tiffany found a small sweater almost long enough to completely cover her chest, coming to her bare midriff a few inches above the top of the skirt. Tiffany was tall enough to make Loretta's small clothes look miles too short and small.
Tiffany looked into the mirror on a dresser.
"You have a mirror?" She said to Loretta.
"It was my aunt's old bedroom. I left her dresser in here. How do my clothes fit on you?"
Tiffany looked at herself.
"The only things that fit me without being too tight around the neck or bust or arms were this sweater and skirt. The skirt... does not cover the bottom half of my ass. Ha, my ass is round. Oooh," Tiffany said as she turned around staring in the mirror. "The sweater is much thinner and softer than I expected, which I like. It feels amazing on my skin and makes my nipples hard. Gotta admit, it's like, turning me on wearing this outfit. Ooh, I can see the outline of my nipples. It certainly does not leave much to the imagination. I love it. Thanks, Loretta."
Tiffany grabbed Loretta and kissed her. Loretta's hands wandered over Tiffany's body, pulling at her skirt and running her fingers into Tiffany's ass. They giggled holding each other before returning to the lobby.
*******************
"So you said a blue tow truck? Did they talk to the truck driver? Was he a suspect?" Tiffany said and leafed through a few photocopied pages in a binder.
"Umm. I don't know. I thought he left and a few hours later they found Karla."
Tiffany opened a binder and flipped through the pages. She ate an apple and looked over as much as she could.
"So, like, this says that they were like, two suspects, but they all had alibis. No charges filed. No one saw anything here?" Tiffany said.
"Well, it was in that room at the far end of the house, which has a small crawl space, but no one knows about it. The police labeled it suicide, but I know she was murdered."
Tiffany stayed in the lobby going over the case files for a few hours, and Loretta fell asleep on the lobby sofa. Before long though, she sat next to Loretta for the night.
***Chapter 7***
Early in the morning, Tiffany woke to Ashley standing over her, shaking her awake.
"Tiff. Tiff. Wake up," Ashley whispered. Tiffany sat up and saw Ashley still naked, trying to cover herself with her hands. Tiffany gently nudged Loretta, who sprang to her feet and quickly pushed the talking clock at the desk.
"Six fifty-two," the robotic voice sounded.
"Tiffany, Ashley, can I interest anyone in a delicious breakfast? I make the best in the county!" Loretta wandered into the kitchen.
"Tiff, you will not believe the night I had."
Tiffany yawned, adjusted her clothing and hugged Ashley.
"So, Karla! Amazing kisser. She kissed me all over and like, I have never felt anything so electric. She had these cute, red high-heels, almost like mine, and she looked gorgeous. She licked my pussy. It felt like fire. I lost track of like, how many times I came. I just lost track. It felt like it hit me every few seconds. You may have to try it, Tiff. Where did you get the clothes? Like, no fair!" Ashley spoke quickly.
"I wondered if you had a fun time, Ashley. It sounds, like, totally fun. I hung out with Loretta, and I like her. She has helped fill me in on the details of Karla's case."
"Huh? Her case?" Ashley said looking at everything on the table in the lobby.
"Yeah, she was murdered. No one figured out who did it, but I think I have an idea. We can have a seance!"
"Tiff, I don't know. I always have to do that! Alright. Just let me have breakfast," Ashley seemed perturbed and upset by Tiffany's suggestion.
"Every time you do it, we solve our case, Ashley," Tiffany said. Ashley nodded reluctantly and sat to eat breakfast as Loretta brought it in on a tray. Loretta placed the assortment of eggs, granola and yogurt, toast and fruit on the table. They ate.
Ashley nervously pecked at her food and gave the stink eye to Tiffany.
"Come on, Ash. Please don't hate me! I swear I will lick your pussy like ten times when we get home, girl. I will even do that thing..." Tiffany said and her voice softened until almost a whisper.
Loretta blushed and rose from the table to clear it for the day. Ashley eyed the cute blind girl and her tomboyish features.
"So did you have fun with Loretta? Tiffany, I swear girl. If you were not so good at eating pussy, I would not put up with you sometimes!" Ashley muttered.
Loretta tried not to laugh but could not hold it in. She stood holding her sides laughing at Ashley and Tiffany. Having new people to talk to and filling herself with alcohol, sex and Tiffany's mouth still made Loretta feel dizzy or drunk. She rarely got so much excitement in so short a time.
"And I thought I hit the jackpot when two naked girls showed up at my doorstep. Now you think you can clear this place of the haunting? Would you? Then I could sell it!" Loretta said with a tear in her eye and giggled some more. " Seriously though, I would be in your debt if you cleared this place."
They all laughed.
____________
While they rummaged through the old photos and newspaper clippings, Ashley found something to wear and settled on a hat and two mismatched socks. If she had to do a seance, then she had to dress casual.
"As good as I can I do," Ashley said to herself as she put on the blue and white baseball cap, slipped on the striped sock and the little white sock and joined Tiffany and Loretta in the lobby.
"Is anyone coming by today?" Ashley asked, and in walked Jason directly behind her. Ashley froze and dropped down on the floor trying to cover herself. Tiffany just laughed and stood to greet Jason.
Jason happily hugged Tiffany and Loretta. Tiffany did not care if her skirt barely covered her ass.
"Hey, Tiffany, your car got towed to a shop. I know who took it. They should call here when it is ready," Jason said.
"Thank you, Jason. You are such a gentleman," Loretta said.
"Thank you!" Tiffany said and gave Jason an odd look. "Hey, what would say to something like, really weird?"
___________________
Tiffany and Jason closed the windows and pulled the curtains to make the room as dark as possible. Loretta sat with Ashley on the floor. Turning out the lights and lighting a few candles, Jason and Tiffany sat with them on the floor, and in the middle of the circle they formed sat a board with letters and numbers. It looked like a ouija board, and it had letters of the alphabet with numbers under it and yes and no in the corners of the board.
"What is she going to do?" Jason whispered.
"Just watch and be amazed," Tiffany whispered back.
Ashley sat facing the lettered board, spread her legs and propped herself forward so that her pussy and asshole sat close the edge of the board. Ashley licked her fingers thoroughly and giggled as she looked at Tiffany and Jason. Ashley started rubbing her pussy slowly, working her folds until she could get her thumb on her clit, spreading herself as she got wetter and hotter, then with one finger inserted and her other hand touching her asshole, Ashley giggled and looked up at Tiffany.
"Karla!" Ashley sighed. "Karla! Answer me! Karla, are you with us!"
Ashley let out a strange sound like a hiccup or a squeak followed by a long sigh, and Jason, Loretta and Tiffany could hear her pussy audibly gush as it sprayed across the board, landing on yes. Jason's eyes widened, and his jaw dropped.
"Karla did you kill yourself!" And Ashley squealed loudly, and her pussy gushed, spraying on NO.
"Karla! Karla! Who did this, Karla! Tell us! We love you, Karla!" Ashley moaned as her fingers pushed deeper. "Karla! Who hurt you!"
Ashley squealed and trembled, her pussy gushed and gushed, spraying across the board several times. Ashley dropped onto her back and quivered, but her hands kept stirring.
"Karla! Karla! I love you, Karla! Give us, something! Karla!" Ashley screamed and her pussy gushed, soaking her hands, forming a puddle on one side of the board.
Tiffany sat forward and grabbed Ashley, and the phone ringing interrupted everyone abruptly. Loretta scrambled to her feet, and Jason crawled too Ashely not sure what to do.
Ashley held Tiffany cried. Tiffany looked at the board. EHJlNOSV, the splatters of her cum spelled.
Tiffany could hear Loretta on the phone, and it sounded like the tow truck or garage calling about the car.
Loretta returned to the room.
"The tow truck took your car. Vel Johnson's garage, he said was the name," Loretta said.
Tiffany looked at the board and elbowed Ashley, who looked at her handiwork.
"Oooh, I really gushed this time, huh?" Ashley snickered as she inspected the board.
"Vel Johnson could be spelled here," Ashley said, nodding to Tiffany.
"Yeah, I mean, it was pretty interesting that like, they called right when you asked Karla for a sign," Tiffany said.
"I don't know about this," Jason said and shook his head. He rose to his feet and walked to the door of the lobby, stopping to look at the photos and seeing one of Karla's single high heel. "I will be right back. What was the color of the truck you said was the suspect, Loretta? Blue?"
"Are you going over there to the garage?" Tiffany said to Jason.
"Yep," he said.
"Could you open the trunk of my car and bring back my bag and Ashley's too. They are both in the trunk. We need some clothing, otherwise we have nothing to wear! Oh, yeah, and It is really important stuff in there too. All the information I obtained on this hotel, case and Karla are in a box next to my bag. You might as well bring that too!"
"Can you accompany me? It would look rather... hard to explain if I was caught with your clothing in a bag, seeing as how I am totally unrelated to this," Jason said.
"Oh, like, sure!" Tiffany said.
______
Together, they drove to town and found the garage. Tiffany spied the tow truck which looked eerily similar to the description of the murderer's truck.
"I will go search the trunk, you go take a look in the truck," Tiffany said, and she hopped out and made her way to her car in the garage.
She popped the trunk and found it empty, and she crawled halfway in to search. Finding her bag missing, she stood up and found that several mechanics had been eyeing her as she reached the trunk, and Tiffany suddenly felt embarrassed. Her cheeks reddened when she remembered she still had not found a skirt to cover her ass nor a panty to cover her asshole.
Tiffany moved to Jason's truck, and one older man seemed to pay closer attention to her than the rest. Tiffany did not see Jason and searched for him, finding him near the tow truck. Together they looked in the window and Tiffany saw a red stiletto high heel mounted to the stick shift.
Tiffany also saw one of Ashley's g-strings on the floor. Tiffany eyed it and frowned.
"We should get out of here," Tiffany said. "This guy took my stuff. He probably knows that we were trying to investigate this case or the ghost or whatever you want to call it!"
Jason nodded, and they returned to his truck. Jason sat in the driver's seat looking at Tiffany. Tiffany looked horrified. Jason hopped back out of his truck and returned to the garage. Tiffany watched him, and she saw Jason yell at a mechanic who pointed at Tiffany's car. Jason continued the argument, and another man approached. The other man never said anything, merely looking at Tiffany, and the sight of him gave Tiffany a chill. She wanted to return to her friend, and she wanted to go home.
Finally Jason pointed at the other man, and the all three yelled in an argument until Jason pushed the other man. The other man laughed and walked away, and Jason returned to his truck in an angry huff. He started his truck and drove Tiffany back to the hotel.
"Something ain't right," Jason kept muttering on the return drive.
________________
***Chapter 8***
As they drove along the winding country roads through the hills, Jason's truck did not slow as they neared a sharp turn.
"What?" He yelled and his foot pumped his brakes, looking at Tiffany with an odd expression. Tiffany shook her head, looked out the window and recognized the trees. She gripped her seat, making sure her seatbelt held her in her seat, and the truck rounded the turn, its tires screeching until everything sounded silent as the truck left the road, flying off the road and shoulder, over the railing and below into the creek.
______
Tiffany opened her eyes, feeling a white hot pain in her forehead and nose. She felt her face and found a hot sticky fluid. She was bleeding. She screamed and turned to see Jason crushed against the wheel and the ground next to the truck. The sight of Jason shocked her into operating, silencing her scream and her jittering. Tiffany began to notice the truck sat on its side or at least it was surround by mud on one side, and she looked around for a way to escape.
Tiffany grabbed her open window and pulled herself while releasing her seatbelt. She grunted as she tried to pull herself out the window, and her legs stuck under the crumpled dash.
"Gimme a U!" Tiffany yelled at herself as one hand reached outside the vehicle.
"Gimme a P!" She yelled as she grabbed with the other hand.
"UP!" She yelled at herself as she finally pulled herself out the passenger window, flopping her body on the outside of the truck. She gasped and laughed, but looking up she saw a tow truck, a blue tow truck, driving along the winding road. She scrambled out of the truck and ran up the hill, across the road and continued through the muddy hell she endured only the night before.
Tiffany could hear the tow truck and its loud exhaust as it neared, driving around the long curving roads. With luck, Tiffany could make it to the hotel before him.
She kept marching, climbing and crawling, never letting herself stop, even when branches ripped at her hair and clothes.
And wouldn't you know it? By the time she arrived at the hotel, she had lost all those skimpy clothes given to her by Loretta. Covered in mud, and stripped naked, Tiffany crossed the front garden, and she dropped to her belly to crawl upon seeing the tow truck sitting next to the hotel, its driver side door ajar.
Tiffany looked around desperately, but she could not see anyone outside. She got up and ran to the door of the hotel and opened it, darted inside, shut the door, locked it and turned around, only to see the man from the garage standing right behind her in the lobby. He grabbed her, slapped handcuffs on one hand, and Tiffany screamed. He used the opportunity to shove Ashley's panties into her mouth to muffle her. Her eyes widened as he yanked her across the room and attached the cuff to a door handle. Tiffany started to cry, and she saw Loretta tied up behind the desk. The man had bound Loretta's ankles and wrists together, putting Loretta's underwear in her mouth.
"Do not worry, I will right back with your friend," he hissed at her, cackling a hideous laugh, and Tiffany yelled into her gag, seeing Ashley over his shoulder, having wandered into the lobby.
"Hey, Tiff, I thought-" Ashley froze, seeing the man cuffing Tiffany, for a brief moment, she did not quite register, but she then turned and darted up the stairs.
The man quickly pursued her, scrambling up the length of stairs.
"Come here! Another naked girl! Come here, naked girl! This place always brings 'em out!" He yelled as Ashley neared the top of the stairs. His horrid cackling laugh made her stomach turn.
Ashley turned back to look over her shoulder and saw the man five steps behind her. She turned to continue running down the hall, but Karla stood with a smile on her face and a red stiletto high heel in one hand. Ashley grabbed the red shoe, turned and screamed as she swung kicked at the man, he quickly blocked her leg, but her arm swung freely into his face with the red shoe, burying the stiletto in his eye.
He screamed and shrieked trying to hold his face or remove the heel, stumbling backwards, falling down the stairs and directly onto his head, killing the man.
Ashley gasped for air, dropped to the floor, and the familiar feeling of Karla's lips on her skin smothered her until she fell asleep or feinted, Ashely could not tell.
____
***Chapter 9***
"Thanks again, citizens, young ladies, for your courage and perseverance," the heavy set sheriff puffed his chest as he spoke, standing before two mostly naked girls. "Due to your efforts, a murderer is dead, and a case is solved! Thank you again."
The sheriff shook their hands, and the photographer snapped a picture of the three of them together and demanded extra pictures of Ashley and Tiffany together from conspicuously low angles that Tiffany and Ashley were always more than happy to offer, but after such an arduous two days, they merely smirked at the camera and let the photographer position himself nearly underneath them as they gave brief but tearful laugh and embraced.
_____
Loretta sat in the dark, not out for any reason than she was blind, drinking tea spiked with whiskey. She wept for Jason, hearing Tiffany's words hit her hard, and the sheriff confirmed Tiffany's greatest fear. Jason had died in that basin, his truck sitting on the rocky bank of the creek near her hotel. He died trying to protect them. So many thoughts swirled in her head. The new fame drew more visitors to her hotel for a brief period. She received offers to purchase her hotel, and she mulled over them. She buried Jason, and Tiffany and Ashley came to the service along with Jason's family and friends.
Karla's ghost had not appeared to anyone. Loretta considered her ghost rested or cleared. After three months, Loretta wanted to sell her hotel, but she did not know what to do after that.
Finally, she received another offer and took it. They paid her cash and wanted to keep the place as it was, but they wanted to convert the place into a rehabilitation clinic of sorts.
Loretta received the money and a week to vacate the place. With what they paid her, she could purchase a few condos or a nice house somewhere.
Instead, Loretta picked up her phone and called Tiffany, hoping to reach both of her and Ashley, but she heard a knock on her door. She put down the receiver and walked slowly to the door.
"Hello?" Loretta spoke as she opened the door.
"Loretta!" Tiffany and Ashley squealed as they poured around Loretta and hugged her. "Oh my goodness, you have to come with us!"
"Where?" Loretta responded with a laugh.
"We got another interesting case. Want to join our team? We got a van and stuff!" Tiffany said.
Ashley tugged at Loretta's hand.
"It will suck without you!" Ashley said with a sigh.
*** THE END ***