***This is a continuation of my previous story "Trying to Get Along with My Sister" You don't HAVE to read the first one to read this one, but you'd probably enjoy it more if you do***
All throughout the rest of the summer of 2020 it was rare for my sister, Kelly, and I to miss a night of masturbating together. After her life fell apart - including a divorce, being forced to give up custody of her daughter, and losing her job - she had come to stay with me. A combination of horniness, thin walls, lingering sibling rivalry, and headphone related faux pas had led to us competitively masturbating in sight of one another. After my initial reluctance I got to the point where I could hardly imagine jerking off without her there.
Most nights we'd go for a run together after I was done with work, and when we got back one of us would cook while the other took a shower. Then after we ate the one who cooked would shower while the other cleaned up. Then we'd settle in to watch TV or a movie on the couch together. Most of the time it was standard stuff like 80's teen angsty shit or 90's comedies, but every so often when one of us was more horny than usual we'd pick something meant to serve a dual purpose. One night Kelly picked "9 1/2 Weeks" and we both had our hands in our pants before too long. On another night I picked "Dirty Dancing" because she had told me that the first time she ever got off was grinding against a couch cushion while watching it.
Late in the summer while watching "Roadhouse" on stream I realized that I had been watching it on basic cable for so long that I forgot that Helen Slater had a nude scene in it. Kelly must have seen me rubbing my cock through my shorts during the scene because the next night she surprised me by picking "The Legend of Billie Jean."
"I know you'll love this one!" She said as she hit play.
"Oh god yes. She was so fucking hot."
"I bet that's what Ellen looked like when she was in her early 2o's," Kelly said very seriously while invoking my second ex-wife.
"I didn't know her then, but you're not wrong." I responded, thinking of the pictures of her I had seen from that time.
"What was she like to fuck?" Kelly asked in the matter-of-fact manner of a sister who had spent months masturbating with her brother.
"She was odd. She'd say she hatted porn and even pretend that she didn't like stuff like cursing in movies, and then all the sudden, if she had a bit too much wine, she'd get really... adventurous."
"Oh yeah, how adventurous?"
"Finger in my ass during a blow job type stuff most of the time, but one time she told me she wanted to make a sex tape... like Kim Kardashian or Paris Hilton."
"Wow... I guess it's always the quiet ones huh? Oh, shit here comes THE scene" Kelly motioned to the TV as Billie Jean appeared in her little cutoff gray tee-shirt and bikini bottoms.
I stared at the screen and grasped my dick through the leg of my sweatpants while Kelly looked at me hungrily. By the time Pat Benatar was singing "Invincible" we had stopped paying attention to the movie and were watching one another till we came.
And that's how it went as the summer wore on. One of us would get horny and just go for it assuming the other would join in. We'd come and then we'd go to bed, me in my bedroom and Kelly on my couch.
One night we got really stoned and Kelly finally said the thing that had been floating around us all summer.
"So... are we ever going to take it further Paddy?"
"Ah..." I responded as I felt my face going red, but I couldn't think of how to answer.
"Sorry Pat. I know that might be a bridge too far." Kelly said while looking away from me.
"I don't know Kel. It's not like I don't want to. Most of the time I see you walking around the apartment I just want to grab you and tear your fucking clothes off."
"Yes please!" Kelly said with raised eyebrows.
"But it's... you know... We really couldn't take that back, you know?" I said with a very deep sigh. Kelly took another drag and sat there silently.
For as awkward as this exchange made me feel the fact that we were having it at all also made me boil with the kind of lust that really only comes on the fringes of the taboo and forbidden. Since I was pretty stoned, I got lost in thinking about what it would be like to actually sink my cock into my sister, and I realized that I was fully erect. As my brain started to focus, I heard that Kelly was talking again.
"...your hands on me. Your body against mine Pat." she was saying in a breathy voice.
"Huh? What Kelly?" I mumbled as I turned to see her with her pants around her ankles and two fingers deep in her fully wet pussy. She didn't bother to stop her narrative to let me catch up.
"I think about staring into your eyes the first time you push that pretty cock of yours into me. I imagine that the first time we do it would be way more sensual than the stuff we do when we get off together. It'd be slow. You on top with my arms around your neck. You'd pump into me slowly and we'd kiss." she said as if she was recording a message I'd listen to later and not sitting two feet from her.
I watched her finger herself as she described the way she wanted our first time to be and I realized that my heart was racing, and I was breathing heavily. I wasn't even moved to touch myself, I just wanted to focus on my sister describing in minute detail how she wanted me to fuck her.
Kelly's orgasm surprised me and when she looked over at me her eyes were damp with tears. She pulled her pants up and walked to the bathroom without saying anything and I worried that something had fundamentally changed in that moment.
I was far too stoned and confused to even get myself off, so I just ended up going to bed before Kelly even came out of the bathroom.
I woke up the next morning with a feeling of panic, worried that things would be awkward like they had been the morning after the first time we got off in front of each other. But when I went into the kitchen, I was greeted by a smiling Kelly making coffee.
"Morning Paddy. Note to self: 'dial it back on the weed old lady!'" She said offering me a cup.
"Fuck, I know! Right? I haven't been that stoned in years. I answered with a laugh.
We were right back to our normal pattern that night. We ran. I cooked while she showered. We ate. She cleaned while I showered, and we met on the couch for the evening's entertainment. She picked my bowl up like it was a turd, holding it out in front of her between her thumb and forefinger and walked it across the room before dropping it in a drawer.
No weed smoking for us tonight.
By the time she was plopping down on her side of the couch I had my pants off and was hitting play on a porn scene that we both really liked with lots of spitting, slapping and choking. Before long we were both furiously masturbating, but we were a bit less communicative with one another than usual. Toward the end of the scene I turned to watch Kelly's face as she watched her favorite part: the pop shot.
Kelly's eyes got bigger as the guy on screen grabbed his scene partner by the hair and pumped come all over her face. Kelly actually licked her lips as if she was a cartoon character seeing a delicious pie cooling on a windowsill. The look on her face pushed me over the edge and a came especially hard. Seeing me come then pushed her to her orgasm.
Late September brought news of a potential vaccine roll out, but for Kelly and me it signaled the arrival of our birthdays. Her's is September 24th and mine is October 5th which meant that even though we were four years apart we often had a combined party as kids, which always really pissed both of us off. Sex Ed being what it was in the 80's, it took us both far too long to realize that our father's birthday was almost three months after ours, or, more specifically: roughly nine months before.
As I was being bored to death on a conference call a few days before her birthday, I pondered on what to do for her. She had been downplaying it whenever I brought it up, and after a while she admitted to me that she was having a lot of emotions about being away from her daughter, Reagan, for the first time on her birthday. So, I wanted to do something extra special other than cooking her favorite meal (Our Nan's Boxty recipe) and getting a Cameo from her favorite reality show star, which is all I had come up with so far.
Eventually I came up with what I thought was a pretty amazing gift for my big sister's 44th birthday.
The night of her birthday I served her Irish potato pancakes, Italian wine, Swiss chocolate, and East Baltimore weed (in moderation). After dessert I casted my laptop to the TV and got comfortable on the couch while Kelly went to change. She shocked me by emerging from the half-bath in a grey ribbed tank-top cutoff just below her tits and a pair of pink bikini style panties.
"I know I'm twice Billie Jean's age, and not a blonde but I thought a little birthday dress up would be fun." she said through a devilish smirk.
"If you're Billie Jean, do I get to be Binx?" I asked as I pulled my shorts and shirt off.
"That'll work for me." she said before breaking down laughing.
"What?" I asked
"Hellen Slater played Billie Jean. Christian Slater Played Binx. You know, they were brother and sister in the movie, but despite having the same last name they weren't related in real life."
"Very funny. Enough trivia, can we get down to business? I have a surprise for your birthday."
She flashed me a dorky smile and hopped up and down in her seat while clapping, causing her tits to slip out from under her little Billie Jean cutoff shirt.
I clicked a thumbnail on my computer and an image of the bedroom in my old house popped up on the big screen. Kelly looked at me with an inquisitive tilt of the head, as if to ask; 'what gives?'
"Just watch" I said tugging at my hardening cock.
On screen the bathroom door opened and Ellen, my second ex-wife, walked out clad in a black bra, black lace thong, black garters, stockings, and high heels. She sat on the bed and patted the space next to her. The younger version of me emerged from behind the camera, bumping it with my shoulder causing me to have to turn back and straighten it again.
"Oh fuck! Oh, fuck Paddy! The sex tape with Ellen?"
"Yup. I only have the one, and it's only a bit over a half an hour so keep that in mind for pacing."
"Only? Shit, I'll be lucky if I make it ten minutes. This is so fucking hot." She said slipping her hand inside her pink panties.
"Happy birthday sis!"
The 32 year old version of me walked over and stood in front of Ellen. She opened my robe and leaned forward to suck my hardening cock. After about a minute, the me on screen grabbed Ellen by the back of the head to quicken the pace. It had been a long time since I had watched the whole thing, and I was briefly surprised to see myself start to fuck Ellen's face, because she never really liked that. As I was thinking about that in the present, the me on the video finally pushed too far causing Ellen to gag and pull back. Drool ran out of her mouth and down her neck and chest as she gasped.
"Patrick! Not so hard please!" she whined while wiping moisture from the corners of her eyes.
"Oh god, I always hated that she called you that. Even Mom doesn't call you Patrick" Kelly observed with a real sneer on her face, but she refocused on the screen as she watched me maneuver to go down on Ellen.
Ellen lifted her pelvis off the bed to allow me to pull her panties down and off. Then, as she pulled her feet up to remove her heals, 32-year-old me held her panties to my nose and took a deep breath.
"Paddy! I didn't know you were a panty sniffer! You're just full of surprises, aren't you?" Kelly said while drawing my gaze to her now heavily wet panties. She pulled her hand out from inside them and stretched her fingers apart, suspending a long strand of her wetness between them. As we stared at each other over her sodden fingers Ellen yelped on camera as the young me began eating her out.
I stayed focused on Kelly as she intently watched me lick, suck, and finger Ellen on screen. After a few minutes Ellen began to moan and roll her hips. She grasped the back of my head as she came in my mouth and then, a few feet from me, Kelly began to come too, muttering repeatedly how hot and fucked up this all was.
As Kelly and Ellen both caught their breath, past me walked over and picked up the camera. I returned to the bed and knelt between Ellen's legs as I aimed the camera at her face. As soon as she saw the camera she looked away and bit her lip. The wild side of her would flash for moments occasionally, but her shyness usually won out.
Ellen's breath caught and she shut her eyes tightly as I eased my cock inside her out of frame. I put my left hand down next to her head and started really thrusting into her. The camera picked up my quickening breath as the image on screen really started to shake, to the point where the shot was just a blur of stomach, bra, and face. Within a few seconds the video version of me was rolling onto my back to get a better angle.
I kept the camera on Ellens face as she climbed on top of me. She rolled her head back and groaned as she lowered herself onto my cock.
"I don't want to see this bitch's face; I want to see you fuck her" Kelly whined.
I looked back at Kelly and she now had her panties pulled to the side and she was stoking her clit gently between her thumb and forefinger. Her other hand was massaging her tits and her eyes were locked on the screen.
Then her face lit up and she said "Oh fuck yeah Pat."
On screen I had lowered the camera down to focus on Ellen grinding on my cock. She alternated between hopping up and down on it and rolling her hips with it all the way inside her. I turned my head to again watch Kelly jerk her swollen clit to my one and only sex tape.
After riding me for a few minutes Ellen dismounted me and got on all fours. She would never ask for it with words but when she was feeling particularly wild, she would bend over so I could fuck her doggy style. 90% of the times we fucked were a combination of missionary and cowgirl but on nights like this Ellen liked to be railed from behind. She would sometimes refer to these nights as going from "Charlotte to Samantha" because to her nothing was more sexy than "Sex and the City."
The camera work was very shaky as I used my free hand to slide in her waiting cunt, but then I zoomed out and focused down on the action. Ellen was so slender that bent over like this everything was on full display, causing Kelly to say "Jesus, even her asshole is cute. I really hate this bitch."
Watching myself slam into Ellen and hearing what sounded like jealousy from my sister reinvigorated my stoking. I knew what was coming in a few moments and I was really looking forward to it.
Ellen bent her head all the way back to me, which was the sign she wanted me to pull her hair a bit, which young me always looked forward to. I grabbed a handful of her blond hair and quickened my pace. After a few moments of this pounding Ellen pulled her hair out of my hand and buried her head in the mattress as she came again.
On screen the young me pulled out and grabbed Ellen by the hip, flipping her onto her back. I shuffled up the mattress and focused the camera on her face as I stoked my cock with my free hand. After just a few stokes I began to come all over her face and tits causing her to stare daggers at me.
As the video abruptly ended Kelly said "Because of course she doesn't like facials. Shocking"
While Kelly was talking, I stood up and took a step toward her, with my cock in my hand. She instantly fell silent, and a shocked look spread across her face. In that moment she had no idea what my intent was and her mouth fell open as I positioned myself right in front of her.
I reached down and wrapped my left hand around her throat, pushing her head back into the couch. She took ragged, strangled breaths as her eyes darted back and forth between my face and my fist pumping my cock inches away from her face.
"I love what a depraved little slut you are Kelly." I growled at her, eliciting a big dumb grin from my big sister.
"What do you want?" I barked at her.
She tried to talk but couldn't make a sound with my hand around her neck, so she mouthed 'I want your come.'
I loosened my grip on her neck and took my hand off my cock so I could slap her left cheek. "Use your words whore!' I commanded.
"I want... I want you to come all over me Pat. Come in my mouth. Come on my face. Come on my tits."
Hearing her say it pushed me over the edge and I finally broke. The first shot hit her chin and dripped down her neck. The second erupted into her mouth followed by a few across her nose and lips. I released my grip on her neck and sat down right next to her, so close our sides were touching.
Kelly gathered the come from her face and sucked it off her fingers as I sat watching from inches away. She turned to me, and kissed me on the cheek.
"Thank you Paddy. That was amazing"
"Happy birthday sis" I answered running my hand through her hair. "Wanna come sleep in the bed with me? The couch is a bit of a mess."
"Yeah, I'd like that Paddy." she said softly.
After cleaning ourselves up we climbed into my bed and were asleep within moments.
In the morning I was up before her, which was a surprise. I was in the kitchen making breakfast when I heard her yell "holy shit!"
I ran into the bedroom and saw her sitting on the edge of the bed staring at her phone.
"What's wrong Kel?"
"I got a voicemail from Reagan!" she said wiping away tears and playing the message.
"Hi Mom. It's me. It's Reagan." She paused for a little sniffle, took a deep breath and continued. "I just wanted to say happy birthday Mom. I miss you. I can't believe it's been so long since we've talked. I want to see you. Things have been weird here and I'm really getting tired of..." and she trailed off and we could hear Wayne, her father and Kelly's ex, yelling in the background before the call ended.
Kelly turned and looked at me and, in an instant, I knew what had to happen. I drove her to BWI that same night so she could fly to Texas. I returned to my apartment having no idea when or if she would be coming back.