So there I stood, stark naked, facing four strapping African youths. They too were naked and visibly aroused. Not surprising as they had just witnessed my deflowering on the most sublime long thin cock belonging to a young African boy called Kayode. His sperm and my juices were oozing out of my pussy and trickling down my thighs. He was clearly a younger member of their group. I suspected this was his first time too.
At that moment he was lying down on his back whilst my cousin Tara was reviving his limp cock by administering her oral skills over his smooth brown body. Both were naked too. Our dresses had been discarded nearby but as I looked around I realised they were missing. Earlier we had torn off our knickers in one of Tara's 'dares' as we frolicked in the rock pool, showing ourselves to Kayode. He was spying on us from the fringe of the jungle where we now stood. All in all we were in a pretty hot situation.
Yet something in the youth's demeanour and the sound of their voices made me feel we would suffer no harm. Indeed I hoped for still more pleasure if that were possible. They would know that Tara had not been fucked yet and her behaviour must have shown she was desperate for the feel of a cock in her virgin snatch.
Two youths stepped forward and each grabbed one of my wrists. Tara was lifted up by the third youth whilst the fourth pulled Kayode up. He pulled both his arms behind his back before frog marching him further into the jungle. Clearly he had stepped out of line by being seduced and the older youths had mixed feelings about that. Perhaps the erotic sight they had witnessed conflicted with their own beliefs and customs as far as sex is concerned.
Tara and I were led behind Kayode. I was held with just enough pressure to ensure I knew not to run but without malice. Soon we reached a cleared area in the jungle. The ground had been flattened by many feet.
In the middle were a number of rounded, smooth rocks which looked well polished by human contact. Large, felled tree trunks were arranged around them, some in a semicircle, looking like crude theatre seating. Others were placed, some like a crucifix, others laid in an X shape. Trees grew around the edge and again their trunks showed evidence of being rubbed often. Creepers hung down from their branches and coils of cut creeper lay near the felled trunks. I felt immediately that this was a place with a purpose and we were going to find out what it was very soon.
My two escorts took me to one of the trees. They took a hanging creeper and tied both my wrists together before hoisting my arms above my head. My bond was tight enough to suspend me but I was still standing, if rather uncomfortably. Suddenly I felt vulnerable and exposed in my helpless state.
Yet the thought of being the stimulus for so many hard cocks also thrilled me to my core. I shuddered at the idea of being taken whilst being unable to escape. For a moment I was left alone and I could see Tara being laid over one of the rocks on her back. Her hips arched up and her generous boobs flopped down either side of her heaving chest.
The youths were binding her arms to one of the trunks so they were outstretched over her head. Each of her legs was bound to a branch lying on the ground so that she was spread eagled with her black bush prominent at the centre. I could see her pink lips pushing out in the centre and I guessed Tara's response to being bound and exposed was similar to mine.
Kayode was pushed face down with his torso bent over one of the trunks near Tara. He was bound like Tara, arms outstretched and legs splayed so his ass was stuck up high and his balls were hanging for all to see, completely defenceless. His cock had softened but was still long enough to hang halfway down his thigh. The taut skin on his ass glowed as a shaft of light beamed down through the trees onto him.
Now the youths had us secure they began preparing for their orgy. They produced a box from behind one of the trees. Several jars were taken out, opened and passed around. The youths dipped their fingers in and smeared the oily contents over their bodies. Their skin glistened and glowed as they rubbed it all over themselves. As they stood close together I could see them helping one another.
Finally they each dipped their jar and then grasped the cock of their neighbour, rubbing until their member was completely stiff. They continued this practice for every member of the group so that they had stroked everyone's cock bar their own. They took out some curious carved wooden rods with a disc at the base connected by a narrower section. The rods were different lengths and diameters. All were well polished. The youths coated each cone with their oil before dipping the tips in a special jar.
They walked over to Kayode and Tara. They began to rub the oil over both of them, paying special attention to Tara's breasts. When their bodies were both glistening they each dipped their fingers again before rubbing oil over Tara's pink slit and teasing her lips open.
By now she was moaning and writhing with pleasure. She emitted a guttural groan when the biggest youth slipped a finger into her cunt and started to wriggle it around. Two others picked up her breasts, kneading and suckling them.
The fourth youth attended to Kayode, applying oil to his cock and balls until he too began to groan. He moved his attention to Kayode's arse, lubricating his hole before slipping his finger in and wriggling it about. When Kayode had relaxed from this onslaught the youth produced one of the wooden rods and put the tip in his anus. Gently he wriggled it about and shoved it right in until only the disc was visible. This done he joined the others.
Tara was also having her anus lubricated and massaged by one of her acolytes. The fourth youth selected a small rod. The biggest youth took it and began to penetrate Tara's anus with it. Whatever was on it had a dramatic effect. Instead of resisting the invasion she relaxed and let the rod push steadily into her. Once inserted she seemed content to let it lie in place, not that she had any choice!
Once more the youths congregated, each one bending forward in turn to be anally lubricated by a partner before a rod was inserted. The effect of each insertion on the recipient was dramatic. They seemed to move into a state of ecstasy making their bodies shimmer and tremble. Their cocks stood straight up and tall from their short curly pubic hair. Their balls swung heavy below, brushing their smooth inner thighs.
They caressed each others cocks again before advancing on me. All four of them massaged oil into me. The aroma was like musk, earthy and sexually stimulating. The effect on my skin was wonderfully uplifting. I tingled all over and was aware of the suppleness and silkiness of my whole body. They tugged and squeezed my nipples so they stood out like hat pegs. Then they each fingered my pussy, taking turns.
One moved behind me and began treating my anus. I knew what was going to happen and at first my sphincter muscles clamped tight. Gradually the sensation changed from pain to intense pleasure. Then I felt the tip of a rod enter me. Whatever was on it had an immediate effect. My asshole opened like a flower and the rod slipped in, filling my ass with a strange mixture of aching and erotic excitement I had never experienced before.
Another, much larger rod was produced and inserted into my already dripping vagina. Whilst I had experienced a long cock already, I was not prepared for the girth of this phallus. My cunt walls had to stretch massively as the rod was pushed home. I began to scream but once again the fluid on the tip took rapid effect and my tunnel dilated whilst my juices flowed round the invading wooden dildo.
Now everyone was plugged and I was left alone again. I was writhing in pleasure, hanging from my bonds, twisting about to make the twin dildos stimulate both my holes. I went into a state on near continuous orgasm. My legs continually buckled and my hips gyrated out of control. Wave after wave of pleasure travelled through my body.
Meanwhile I could see the biggest youth approaching Tara. He knelt between her legs and grasped her heaving bosoms. As he twisted and massaged her soft flesh another youth leant over and grasped his hard cock. He rubbed the tip for him over her clit, causing her to writhe and scream. The big youth shuffled forward so now his bulb began to press between her lips as his helper rubbed the cock from her clit to her opening.
Another shuffle, a dip down and his bulb head was inside her entrance. Tara stopped breathing for a few seconds and then exhaled in a long moan. Big youth swivelled his hips, driving his cock forward. Surely her hymen must go now I thought. The youths were quiet, sensing the sanctity of the moment. Big youth eased back and rocked back and forth a few times.
Tara flung her head from side to side before yelling, "Do it, do it now." Big youth understood and tensed his thighs, preparing for a massive thrust. With a yell he speared his cock into her. She jerked and screamed so loud the birds flew from the trees.
As big youth withdrew and thrust again I could see her blood spill out round her thighs. But he did not stop and her sobs and wails turned into moans of pleasure. Big youth increased the pace of his thrusts until he lifted her ass clean off the rock and shuddered to his climax.
After an age he relaxed and withdrew his cock. It was coated in a thick layer of milky sperm streaked with Tara's blood. Her bush was matted with fluids but her fanny lips burst out from her pubes, glistening with sticky fluid. As soon as big youth had moved away, another youth took his place and entered Tara. He pounded her hard and she began to wail and convulse. Her orgasm was unstoppable and the youth continued to pound her right through it, finally ejaculating his load as she peaked.
I sensed it would be my turn next. They came for me and lashed me to a second rock alongside Tara. The cool surface of the rock made me shiver. Tara looked across at me wide eyed. Her expression told me that sex had blown her mind. Neither of us would regret this now. A youth appeared on each side of me and began to tug at my nipples. My legs were spread wide apart and bound to a log like Tara.
I looked around the edge of the clearing. I wasn't sure but I thought I could see pale faces behind the bushes, Before I could look again the rod was eased from my pussy and the fourth youth moved his torso between my legs. I felt his bulb end rub my exposed lips. By now I was becoming numb there so I calmly let him prepare me. Without much ceremony he found my entrance and pushed hard. This time I had no hymen to resist him and he slid right in.
If the dildo rod was big, his cock was huge. My tunnel walls stretched still further so I could feel every bump and ripple along his length.. He thrust in an out of me with a steady rhythm. This time my arousal built steadily and inexorably. My legs began to thrash under their restraints and my arse quivered. He thrust harder and deeper. I wailed and bucked my hips to meet his thrusts. A flood of cum washed into me as he let go with his climax. I shuddered around him, milking his cock with my vagina as my orgasm rumbled on to a final gasp.
By now the big youth was hard again. Tara had also recovered. They released our legs and arms, sensing we wanted whatever they could give as much as they did. Big youth approached Koyode who was still secured with his arse high in the air. His arse rod was removed and more oil massaged into his anus.
Big youth then straddled his bottom and inserted his cock tip into Kayode's dilated anus. He grimaced and pushed hard. His bulb end squeezed and pushed until it suddenly penetrated with a plop. Kayode writhed as his anal virginity was breached. Tara grabbed his balls and I stroked his cock while his arse was punished. Big youth kept on pounding until his strength ran out. Each of the other youths took his place so Koyode was well and truly shafted.
When they had all done with him they undid his bonds. I picked him up and placed him on one of the smooth rocks. I climbed over him and once more guided his lovely cock into me. This time I could fuck him at my leisure and I savoured the moment as the others sat around us watching our moves. I held my hands together on my head as I eased myself up and down.
The youths sat round us, gently stroking their cocks as they appreciated our show. I twisted and turned, gyrated my hips and tried all manner of moves as I experimented with the feelings a long hard cock up my love tunnel could give me. As I did so I looked around at the clearing edge. I was sure I could detect slight movement in the bushes. I felt we all had an audience. Then I could hear faint sounds, as if a camera button was being pressed, or a video started.
These thoughts stimulated me even more and I began to ride Kayode vigorously. Tara placed her hands on my nipples and tugged them hard, making me scream with pain and pleasure. Koyode's cock was much harder now and I could feel him bottoming out inside me when I eased myself right down on him. I ground my clit on the root of his cock, his pubes tickling me as I moved. My whole cunt was aflame with excruciating excitement. I was completely immersed in my sexual being.
I wanted strangers to see me in my most vulnerable and uplifted state. Tara could feel that I was on the brink. She sucked one of my nipples hard and transferred her hand down to my crotch. Her index finger wriggled in between Kayode's cock and my clit.
My body went rigid with the sensation. The burning feeling inside me welled up and erupted, making me quiver and tremble all over. My fanny muscles spasmed and milked Koyode's cock until he erupted once more inside me, sending a beautiful hot volcano right inside my cunt. My juices gushed, carrying his sperm down his cock to pool in his pubes. Tara smeared it over my tummy and then licked me from navel to clit. When my insides finally calmed down and I was spent, I lifted off and lay down on the rock.
Tara took Kayode's limp cock in her mouth and cleaned him off. She straddled him with her arse up in the air and her pussy above his mouth. One of the youths came behind her and kneaded her ass. His cock was hard again as he dipped a finger into her slit and rubbed her juices along its length. He pushed one finger, then another into her, making her grunt whilst she fellated Kayode. He wriggled around inside, making her waggle her ass in appreciation.
Once she was thoroughly aroused he pulled out and grasped his cock, aimed it at her fanny and sunk in. He slid in and out easily and his cock glistened as he withdrew right to the tip before plunging in. As he worked Tara he penetrated deeper with every stroke until he was bottoming in her and his thighs slapped her ass hard, making them wobble. He breasts hung below her and swung in rhythm with his thrusts. Her tits brushed over Koyode's chest, giving her nipples a caress each time they swung.
She moaned whenever she rested from sucking Kayode's cock. The youth started to smear Tara's copious juices up her crack and around her arsehole. Deftly he inserted a finger into her bud, making her squeal. He worked his digit in and around in time with his thrusting cock. Tara began to shake and wail as her orgasm consumed her. Her arousal was mirrored by the youth who shafted he with increasing power and passion. Finally Tara screamed and he gave an almighty lunge to empty his balls into her pulsing fanny.
Tara's climax marked the end of our orgy. The youths and Koyode picked us up and motioned that we would return to the pool. Two youths stood either side of me and pulled my arms over their shoulders before raising and carrying me down the path. They carried us right into the middle of the pool before lowering us gently into it. My skin tingled as the cool water washed over my grimy and sweaty skin. My recently pounded pussy lost its fire. My swollen lips subsided and began to fold into their protective state.
The youths produced another bottle and massaged its contents into our bodies. The soapy liquid cleansed and oiled my skin, making me feel fresh and calm again. I could feel many hands soothing and rubbing me, gently toning my muscles. My breasts were softly cupped and kneaded with tenderness. I started to recover from the intense mix of sensations and feelings which had bombarded me since we came out of the pool. It was the perfect balm after such a wonderful initiation into the joy of sex.
The youths helped us out of the water and stood in a circle around us. Their long languid cocks hung down, looking delicious above their dangling ball sacks. Kayode pushed through carrying our light dresses. We pulled them over our wet bodies, letting them cling to us and disguising little of our nakedness. He whispered, "Meet here, tomorrow" and pointed to the pool. I nodded, "Yes." "You're Name?" I asked.
"Kayode," he replied. I smiled at him and we hugged. The four youths hugged each of us in turn and then they all ran off up the path. Their cocks jiggled and swayed, making Tara and I laugh, already thinking of the pleasure they had given us.
We set off back through the jungle to our chalet. We were desperate to get back before our parents returned. We ran where we could and emerged finally into the clearing. We could see no sign of them so we walked back to the chalet, changed our dresses and tidied ourselves up. Tara asked me what I would do tomorrow and I told her I would go back if I could. "Will you?" I asked.
"Not tomorrow," she said. "My pussy needs to recover but I will go back another day!"
To be continued in Part 3