She had never done anything like this before.
Ever.
She had never even thought about it -- well, that wasn't entirely true.
She had thought about it, and if she was honest, she probably had thought about it a lot. But just as a fantasy, an impossible fantasy that she never dared even whisper to herself.
1.
Her husband had.
She remembered -- he had been looking at his laptop with a crease in his forehead, an earbud relaying some sort of noise. She had asked "What's that, Hon?"
He looked up and spun his computer around. "Can you believe this?"
All she saw was a nude woman bent over a desk, getting ploughed by a doughy man with his features blurred out.
"What is going on there?" she asked, not knowing the context. Roger showed her things he came across that other men, lesser men, would never admit to even accidentally seeing.
"It's a kind of reality porn, I guess. Air quotes around 'reality'. I was thinking about our visit Saturday."
She snorted back a laugh. "Oh, the 'visit' when I was all sheets to the wind? I sure giggle a lot when I'm drunk."
He quickly came back -- "You have a beautiful giggle." He smiled at her and paused for a bit, just appreciating her. "But yes, that conversation." He scowled briefly in thought. "We were talking about things you'd like to try or do, just once maybe, just to see what it was like. I like seeing you be adventurous and try shit out. Vee, you are amazing, and I really enjoy it whenever you recognize that."
She smiled at the compliment. "As long as it's not badminton or cross-country skiing again -- other people have the right coordination, not me." She laughed again. "So explain this to me, what station is going to show this reality show?"
His brow furrowed again briefly as he considered what to say. "It's like this. These are clips that different companies produce which show a 'casting couch' session with a potential new porn actress. They're supposed to be unscripted and natural, and a lot of the time the clips are presented as scams."
"How's that?" his wife asked. She had come to a stop and was listening intently.
"The premise is that these are fake casting agents who set themselves up as real agents who need to run potential actresses 'through the paces', as it were. The audience buy the premise and enjoy the fantasy -- not only do they get to watch a normal dude have sex with a gorgeous woman, but believing that the guy gets to have sex for free in this situation makes it all the more enticing to the supremely average, average viewer."
"So this is all a setup?" Veronica felt herself start getting angry.
"No, no -- that's the irony of 'reality' media. It's all a fiction, presented as reality complete with utterly mundane dialog. People have to sign releases and all that stuff, and everyone gets paid. But it's an accessible entry point into this genre of performance art. And it can totally be either a career-starter or a one-off."
Then the rest of the conversation from that blurry Saturday night started to come back.
They had been talking about "bucket-list" and million-year (as in "not in a") ideas. Now that the kids were all grown and deep in their own lives, Veronica and Roger were finding excitement and joy in a lot of different things. He had suggested sky diving or rappelling (she had responded with a hearty "FUCK NO!"), and she had mentioned having a go at web cam stuff, adult modeling, or something.
Back to the conversation -- as she thought about it, this actually sounded kind of thrilling. Her breath caught and her heart stopped for just a beat as she thought -- could I actually do this?
Trying to keep any quaver from her voice she carefully asked Roger -- "If we were to do something like that, how could we do it?"
"Well, if you're interested --" Roger had actually done some serious research. There were two production companies working just an hour away who were doing exactly this kind of thing. As he told her about the different things to expect and how long a shoot would take, she felt herself getting excited.
She had never, NEVER (well, maybe a tiny little bit) thought she would ever do this kind of thing.
But now, she thought -- hmmm. I bet I could.
She tuned back in to what her husband was saying -- "and I figured, you were the absolute best Lady M in the Scottish play in college, and if you can pull that off so beautifully you could easily do this too. Didn't one of your professors say that acting was tougher than standing naked on stage?"
She remembered the confidence that one observation had given her.
That clinched it.
"Let's do it!"
2.
She snapped back to the present when she realized the producer was waiting for an answer.
"Pardon? Sorry, I did not mean to zone out a bit there." She coughed a short laugh of embarrassment. "This is new to me, and I'm still trying to take it all in."
"No prob" he was cute, and smiled again at her. "What would you like as your name?" This she had actually thought about. Roger's ideas were mostly designed to make her giggle, and she smiled at the memory.
"Nikki Vee."
"Excellent! By the way, you are looking terrific for the MILF set. If you don't mind me saying so, you really take care of yourself, er, Nikki." The producer seemed genuine.
"Thank you! Since the kids got a little older, I really got into Zoomba and other stuff. I've been an instructor for about two years now."
"Wow. You are in great shape." It was obvious he appreciated her physique. She had the feeling that most of the time the production staff on these sorts of sets viewed the bodies as tools for the actors, and comments about muscle tone and breast size were more akin to observations about paint colors and window tinting at a car show -- not meant to be judgmental or personal.
His eyes dropped to the floor and slowly traced her legs and body all the way to her hair. She had been told to wear comfortable clothes like workout gear, and she had dressed in her instructor outfit. He saw yoga pants tightly stretched across incredible legs -- well-muscled and beautifully toned. Her hips flared out slightly above gorgeous thighs which rippled subtly as she shifted her weight. Vee had worn a crop top over her sports bra, and after three kids there was no way in hell she would tell anyone how much work went into getting back her six pack -- but she was sure as hell going to show it off.
The top ended right below the bottom hem of her sports bra, and the girls were in rare form today. She was gifted in that her breasts had not sagged appreciably or lost their shape, due in great part to her careful diet and regular workouts, and she was shocked that her nipples had hardened due to her subconscious excitement. The collar had been cut out to show off the muscles and tone of her neck (one of Roger's second favorite features, she mused), and the sleeves had been sheared off high enough to frame her shoulders. She earned those shoulders, and enjoyed showing the Zoomba folks what they had to look forward to.
She was not a pro fitness model, with zero body fat and sunken cheeks. But she was firm and muscled in all the right places for a fitness instructor ten years her junior, with a thin layer of comfort over everything so she wasn't intimidating to anyone, and very pleasing to watch. Her full lips smiled under the producer's gaze, and her almond eyes twinkled. She had pulled her hair back in a loose pony tail, and looked like a healthy soccer mom getting ready for a mall walk.
"Thank you, thank you very much" She smiled again, hugely, and discovered she really enjoyed having her hard work admired and appreciated.
He smiled broadly.
"Okay, Nikki, we've blocked everything out and you're ready to go." He shifted to business mode. "In order to keep the 'reality' feel, we've only gone over the blocking and general lines of the piece, and it's important it flows naturally. Well, as naturally as possible. Some things to remember. We will be filming for about two hours or so and edit it to about 15 minutes -- we're actually going to edit it to several different pieces we can use, but that's roughly what it comes down to.
"Each act you agree to perform will earn you an extra $200 to $500 dollars; it's important you understand this is not sex, but performance. A simple blowjob is $200, if you swallow it will mean an extra $150, etc. You are not being paid to have sex on film, but you are being paid to simulate sex acts in a convincing manner. Is that clear?"
"Yes, I think so. How much do you think I will be able to make today?"
The producer looked down at his clipboard briefly, then back up to 'Nikki'. "Your base is $850 if we are able to use the material, but if you pull out all the stops you could walk away with about $2500. Not at all bad for a whim and a half-day of work." He shifted from his business face back to a broad and appreciative smile. "Everybody has been checked by the doctors, everyone is clean, all the paper is signed, and you're ready to go. And, from what I've been told" he winked so fast she almost missed it, "our man in there has been drinking nothing but pineapple juice since last night."
"What does that mean -- Oh." She stopped herself from going further as she remembered -- pineapple juice made semen taste sweet. With a sudden flushed feeling, Veronica -- now Nikki Vee -- determined to push her limits and do everything.
Everything.
A set hand came up. "Miss Vee? Here's your purse and sunglasses. Try not to twirl the glasses or keys too much at the beginning, it's distracting."
The producer waved a thank you at the help. "Nikki? You ready? It's right through this door when you see me point. Try to act natural, try to be real, and most of all -- have fun!"
She stepped in front of the door, bounced a bit on her toes and shook her arms out, closed her eyes and took a deep breath, then turned to the producer and smiled.
Her heart started pounding -- banging in her chest until she was sure everyone else could hear it.
The producer held up his hand, all five fingers out. One by one they started curling into his hand. No more fingers left. He pointed to the door.
She stepped forward and reached for the doorknob.
3.
"And you are?" The doughy man reached for her hand.
"Nikki, hi" she couldn't think. Her hand reached out automatically. His hand was warm and firm. She focused on his eyes.
Kind. Professional.
He guided her to the couch -- it smelled fresh, clean. She sat and began breathing. Listening to his questions was calming; she answered along the guidelines she was given, close to the truth but not quite. She was recently divorced (well, 'Nikki' was), her age was real, and she was a fitness instructor.
He spoke his spiel, explained the premise of his 'job' for the camera. Then he asked her to show her 'goodies'. She felt the air closing in, her vision blurring. Then she remembered her character. Deep breath.
"You mean the 'girls'?" she smiled.
She took off her crop top, then smiled, biting her bottom lip, and start lifting off her sports bra. First one, then the other popped free -- and her tits were liberated.
"Fuck" he said. "Those are incredible."
She smiled, hugely, and quickly pulled her bra over her head and tossed it to the side.
"Can we see the rest?"
She quickly took off her shoes and ankle socks then stood up, centered her character, and hooked her thumbs on the hem of her yoga pants; turning her back to the "agent", in one smooth movement she bent at the waist and pulled them off. She was smooth and hairless underneath, no undies. Her tight ass was on display, and she knew he could see her pussy lips -- waxed to perfection -- shining with the moisture of her rapidly building excitement.
"Wow." He was genuinely amazed.
She turned back around, smiled again, and dropped her gaze towards the growing flesh in his pants. He followed her gaze, grinned broadly.
"Great -- let's get busy!"
4.
She set herself a challenge -- how far could she push herself?
"Do I need to play with myself first? Or can I just get started?"
"What do you mean?" the doughy man teased.
"I see something under there, and I think he's feeling a little crowded. Can I meet him?" She started really feeling her character and seductively licked her lips. He was momentarily flustered because this was a little off script. Recovering quickly -- "Sure! Why not? Where would you like me?"
Her voice dropped in tone, and she found she liked the huskiness. "Anywhere I can have you, Mr. Agent man!" She crawled towards him as he quickly took off his pants and dropped back into his chair.
What the fuck am I doing? a little voice asked in her head. As she drew closer she thought she felt Roger's encouragement You only live once, Honey, no regrets!
The 'agent' had a significant penis -- growing quickly in girth and length. This was definitely larger than her husband's, by at least an inch or two. And thicker. But could he use it as well as her husband used his? And would it taste as sweet? Only one way to find out --
She reached him, knees on the floor and bumping up against his feet, her hands found his ankles and she firmly traced his legs from ankles to knees, then slid her hands up his thighs to his dick. He was finally firm and fully erect, his cock winking at her as she wrapped one hand around him and cradled his testicles with the other.
'Nikki Vee' looked directly into the doughy man's face, she smiled smokily and took a deep breath, then opened her mouth. Opening her throat as wide as she could, she bent down over his penis and in one move, took it all in. The tip of her tongue played briefly with his scrotum.
He was an actor, he was a professional, but still -- "Holy shit!"
That was exactly the right thing to say!
She started bobbing her head up and down, slightly turning her neck with each movement and rotating her hands around the base of his shaft. It startled her how warm he was, and he gasped again.
Pulling off briefly, she looked him in the eyes again. "Grab my hair!" she ordered.
The cameraman had quickly backed out of the way, trying not to film outside of the 'casting office' set and keep his own balance. The boom girl had danced around the set to stay out of line of sight, and luckily everyone kept their cool.
The 'agent' let himself drop more into the action -- he grabbed here hair with both hands and gasped. "Shit, Girl, you are incredible!"
One thing her husband enjoyed was the way she could 'pulse' her tongue as she took him in and out of her mouth, and the way she could make gulping motions around the tip of his penis when he was all the way in -- without gagging at all. As the doughy man gripped her hair and got into the rhythm of her head moving up and down, taking him all the way into her throat then pulling off until only her teeth scraped gently on his cap, she started pulsing her tongue with every intake, and 'gulped' the head of his dick every time he was fully down her throat.
"Shit" he moaned softly, for once losing his character.
She upped the tempo -- pulled almost all the way off quickly, sucked him all the way back, pulsing and gulping in time to here escalating movements. She had forgotten how naturally her breathing got at this stage, pull back and breath quickly and quietly, gulp down all the way, pull back and repeat. Her hands had found their own rhythm ringing the base of his shaft, sliding up and down in time to her lips.
Her hot, wet lips. Both sets. She could feel her labia warming, expanding, and her cunt heat up, and worried briefly about the moisture dripping onto the floor.
Off script, his balls started jumping.
"Fuck!" he whispered, and she knew what was coming.
For a brief moment she wondered what to do -- should she back off and take his spunk in her mouth, on her face, on her tits? Fuck it, she thought, and kept going.
His hands froze briefly in her hair as his hips bucked forward. Thinking quickly of the cameraman's placement, she pulled off just as his semen started erupting. It was a beautiful, clean shot -- ropes of hot, sticky cum shot from the doughy man's cock across the few inches to her mouth and she caught most of it on her reaching tongue.
Holding her mouth open she hungrily milked his dick with her hands, shooting spunk onto her tongue, into her mouth, across her chin and face, and just a touch on her tits. She turned slightly towards the cameraman as she felt the flood come to an end. Her mouth was filled with sweet, hot cum, she swirled her tongue through it and sighed throatily, then scraped more off her chin and face with her fingers and brought it to her mouth. She opened wide, closed her lips and smiled, and took it all in with one loud gulp!
There was a little more in his cock, now starting to droop slightly. She squeezed along his softening length and noisily sucked the dribbles from his tip. The doughy man dropped his hands from her hair and lay back in his chair, whispering "Fuck!" again and again, feeling completely drained.
She looked into his tired and happy eyes, smiled broadly, and rocked back on her heals as she sucked her fingers clean.
She heard a weak "Did you get that? Tell me you got that!" and the cameraman gave a satisfied "Fuck, yeah!"
5.
"Every hole?" he asked, dropping the 'agent' persona for a sec.
"Of course!" Veronica -- now completely 'Nikki Vee' -- answered. "As soon as you're ready!"
The rest of the shoot passed in a haze.
A happy, thrilling haze.
She remembered turning away from the doughy man after he had 'recharged' and bending at the waist, letting him finger her pussy and ass hole as she wriggled her ass. He kept sliding his hands up and down her smooth thighs, whispering "fuck" and "shit" over and over, quietly to himself.
She had shifted her weight towards him and let him lick her ass and pussy from behind, then lay back on his desk spreading her legs so he could slide in between her hot thighs. Her cunt was so moist and ready, steaming with the heat of her need -- and he had slid is hard cock in and out of her pussy, back and forth, changing his rhythm while she moaned and writhed in response. It wasn't all acting -- she actually enjoyed this!
Then before getting to the point of no return he pulled out, and after some useless dialog she turned around so she bent over the desk, showing him her ass and spreading her cheeks for his handheld.
The cameraman shifted a bit so he could get a clear shot of her ass, her winking rectum, and her hands pulling against her own flesh as she opened the way for easy access. She had another surprise waiting.
The 'agent' lubed himself up, said something about how odd this might feel, then directed his cap against the bud of her asshole.
She relaxed and opened up.
He gasped in eagerness, then as he started pressing into her asshole she pushed back against him, quickly taking in his entire length all the way up her ass!
"Fuck!" he said without thinking, then she started rocking forward away from his hips, squeezing her asshole and rectum around his cock. When it was almost out of her, she relaxed and pushed towards him again, taking in his entire length.
He was definitely startled, but got into the rhythm quickly -- back and forth, pushing his throbbing, pulsing cock all the way up her ass and pulling against her grip as he backed out. Again and again, and she thought she could feel the rigid veins on his dick along the walls of her rectum. She squeezed him tighter and tighter each time he began pulling out, and her asshole welcomed him hungrily every time he pushed in.
Before too long she felt the telltale quiver again, and knew he was about to cum again. She pushed back against his hips and held his penis in her asshole with all her might, then started rhythmically clenching and relaxing without sliding against his cock. He gasped again, and she felt him surge into her as hot splooge shot deep in her ass. She started rocking gently back and forth, carefully milking all his semen that she could until, sweaty and spent, he gently slapped her ass and 'tapped out'.
"Fuck, Lady, you are incredible!"
There were a couple more scenes interspersed with disinfecting wipes and high fives among the crew, then the shoot came to an end.
"If I live a thousand years, 'Nikki Vee', I will never feel that again. Holy shit!"
6.
She walked back to her car, freshly showered and wobbly-kneed. She was spent and sore after the most intense workout she ever remembered having.
Fuck.
She did it!
She was a porn star for an afternoon! And -- she was fucking amazing!
They had given her a rough cut to take with her, and would be sending a special cut to her husband at her request. They had tried to talk her into at least four more shoots, had given her a bag of swag and vouchers to salons and fancy restaurants, and a bonus that was more than the max they had spoken about if she 'did everything'. She could actually do this!
But, 'Nikki Vee' had served her purpose.
She had done the 'not in a million years' impossible thing, and done it fucking well!
She had memories to last the rest of her life, and stories to share with Roger -- while they were watching the movie, her first and only porno movie, together.
This had definitely been a day to remember!