Author's note: This series is devoted to my wife, for whom it was originally written. It is both a history of our sexual life as well as my means of sharing our fantasies, with alterations to names and times to protect our friends, but both the fantasy and reality are/were spectacular enough to warrant sharing with others.
**This is a stand-alone story**. As it stands, it is the sixth in the series. This one differs from the others in that it is entirely fictional, describing a fantasy I had of my wife. Enjoy.
-----------------
There she was again: my beautiful wife, sucking another man's cock. Slowly taking him in and out of her mouth, her moaning muffled while she closes her eyes and speeds up her tempo. I watch as his breathing shortens and he leans his head back; her eyes open and she looks briefly into my eyes before looking up at his face. She takes him deep twice more before leaning back on her haunches with her mouth open, smiling, cupping his balls with one hand and lightly stroking with the other. The man is overwhelmed, and cums in long ropes into her mouth and on her face. She leans in, still smiling and softly moaning as his convulsions taper off, and sucks the last few drops from the tip of his cock. Adding it to the copious amount already in her mouth, she swirls it around as she looks back at me, finally letting her mouth hang open as she slowly pushes the load out with her tongue, and I watch as the cum flows down her chin, onto her perfect breasts...
I snapped out of it and returned to reality, looking around to see if anyone noticed my mental absence. These midday fantasies were getting out of hand; I was sitting at my desk in the middle of a high-traffic office with no cubicle to hide behind. Fortunately everyone else was in the middle of planning our next training evolution and hadn't noticed my vacant expression and lack of production. Or maybe everyone just expected to that from me, har-dee har har. Either way, time to get busy before someone looked up from their own desk and started asking questions, and meanwhile I hoped no one asked me to retrieve something for them in the next ten minutes, because flight suits don't hide erections very well.
I made it through the rest of the day without incident and published tomorrow's flight schedule with reasonable efficiency, leaving me time to hit the gym before going home. My fantasy from earlier was largely forgotten, at least to my conscious mind, but I certainly felt some energy to burn off after four straight days of bitch work and no flying.
Pulling out of the parking lot, I floored it down the street to get away from the hangar before someone found something more for the New Guy to do before going home for the night. I can't really turn my cell phone off in case something serious comes up, but I can at least beg off on most shit by proximity after 5 o'clock. The feeling is like when you are racing to catch a light before it turns, and you are in that zone where if it turns yellow you will run the red light but only just.
I whipped into the parking lot and pulled into a spot near the back. I grabbed my duffel bag and headed into the gym. I changed out of my flight suit into shorts and a sleeveless tee (a small concession to my vanity) and headed into the weight room. I was surprised to see it was deserted, then remembered it was Friday--people with social lives have much better things to do than go to the gym on a weekend night.
Right. That would not include me.
After this boring week my energy level was high, and I was able to push a little more weight than usual. I'm not a meathead, but my profession requires fitness, and I keep myself about where I was playing 2nd Base in college: strong but quick. Even after completing my sets, however, I still felt like a hamster in a cage, so I made my way over to the treadmills. The room was still empty, so I started one of the machines and took off my shoes. I never really enjoyed running until I discovered going barefoot, but I respect that some people get weirded out by running without shoes or socks on public equipment. But if no one is here to see me do it, did it really happen?
I was cruising at a good pace, more or less tuned in to ESPN on one of the wall TVs when I felt a presence at my side. I glanced down at a pretty strawberry blonde smiling up at me.
"Hey, Captain, I saw you come in earlier while I was in the basketball gym," she said, smiling up at my while she wiped down the treadmill next to mine.
"What's going on, Kendra? I didn't think anyone else was here."
"Oh, you're ignoring me? I'm no one to you? After all I've done for you?"
"And what have you done for me, sweet Kendra? How have I wronged you in ignorance?"
"Don't be cute," she pouted and started counting off with her fingers, "I say 'Hi' to you every time you come in, I make sure all the machines are clean, I even emptied the place tonight so you could have it all to yourself." She gestured to the empty weight room.
I laughed. "Oh, this was your doing? The weekend had nothing to do with it?"
She stood with her hands on her hips and gave me a defiant look of 'prove I didn't.' I noticed her polo was unbuttoned and could almost see her cleavage. It was quite alluring.
"Speaking of which, why are you here and not out teasing the crap out of some frat boy?"
"Hmph. Maybe because I'd rather tease you, Captain." She wrinkled her freckled nose at me and turned, walking with a little bounce in her step that immediately drew my eyes to her fabulous ass, clad in tight cloth shorts that extended all of two inches past her buttcheeks.
All of the sexual energy from earlier came rushing back, and my mind was overwhelmed with images of those shorts around her ankles, her polo on the floor, me coming in from behind...I made it another quarter mile before it got to be too much. I stood with my feet to the sides, willing my little scout to calm down. After five minutes I gave up, and I threw on my shoes and quickly made my way out to the front. Kendra was behind the desk and looked right at my crotch as I passed. So much for discretion.
I tried to be casual as I threw the towel into the basket next to her. "Well, that's it for me, have a good weekend." I walked into the locker room to retrieve my bag.
I took a quick drink from the water fountain and made my way back to the scale. I took off my shoes and shirt, and after a short debate dropped my shorts. I'd never done that before when weighing myself, but in the back of my mind I knew the only other person in the building was Kendra, and I felt a little thrill in stripping down to my boxer briefs.
I half turned to kick my shorts off to the side and saw her standing in the entryway. I froze for a second, then stood up straight and returned her frank appraisal. Something in the way her eyes set kept me from saying anything.
She was leaning against the wall with her arms crossed, clearly mulling something over. Finally, her mind found its course. "Y'know, I flirt with you all the time, wear sexy little shorts for you, volunteer to work on Friday nights because I know you'll be here, and make it a point to leave at least one sexually suggestive hint every time we talk. I can see it is having the desired physical effect" --she looked pointedly at the tent in my underwear-- "but I still haven't had the intended...consequences." She pushed herself of the wall and slowly sauntered toward me.
"Now, I've seen your cute little wife in here with you, and even spoken with her when she has been in here by herself. She clearly doesn't mind that I flirt with you; I'm even starting to think she enjoys it. But," she was now standing before me and looking up into my eyes with her light blues. I could definitely see her cleavage now. "Up until now I couldn't really decide if I wanted to keep it just a game or actually follow through. I enjoy flirting with you, making sexy comments and unbuttoning my shirt for you; you're a good-looking guy and fill out that flight suit very nicely...but I've never had a thing for married men." She reached up and traced a finger down my arm, following it with her eyes. "But maybe...maybe I want to..." She said this last part quietly, almost to herself. Her finger reached my wrist and paused, unsure of where to go. My eyes were locked on her face while my nerves registered every cell of her fingertip. The hesitation drew out for a second, then her finger softly moved to my hipbone and slowly traced above the elastic band. Her hand stopped above my crotch, and my now fully-enraged penis strained against the boxer briefs to spring up into her oh-so-close grasp. With her eyes fixed on my offering she started swaying back in forth, as if dancing to a tune in her head, her hand floating just beyond contact. At last she looked up, still swaying, toying with me as a smile spread across her face.
"Yes, I think I do. So you need to find out, Captain, if your sexy little wife will share you. Because I want to play." With that last word, her finger dropped between my legs and then quickly ran up the underside of my dick, causing me to involuntarily shudder and take in a quick breath. Her smile broadened and she blushed slightly.
"Oh yes...I do indeed," she said breathily, then turned and quickly walked out, her ponytail bouncing and ass swaying.
When enough blood returned to my brain a couple minutes later, I gathered up my clothes, dressed, and walked out to my truck as if in a daze. I made it all the way to my driveway before I realized I had forgotten my duffel bag.
-------
I walked into my house and made a beeline for the back office, where I could hear Tori moving things around. Her current project was rearranging the closets in the house, and I walked in on her moving a box of sewing supplies. She was wearing yoga pants and a teal and black sports bra, and her black hair was tied up in a ponytail. She put down the box and stood up, smiling to me.
"You were distracting me again, today," I said, cutting off her greeting.
She tilted her head to the side, then smiled as she realized what I was saying. "I see...what was I doing this time?"
"You were giving some other guy a blowjob. It was very sexy."
" 'Some other guy?' No one we know?"
I hesitated for a second before shrugging. She caught the pause, however, and verbally began moving in as she physically did the same. "Are you sure it wasn't someone we know? Arick, maybe?"
She stood in front of me and began running her hand over my untouched yet much-abused cock. She caught the twitch when she mentioned my boss' name.
"I see," she said in mock seriousness. "Were you so distracted you had to excuse yourself?"
"No," I replied, my breath getting short.
"Oh, good, this is all mine then. What was I doing?" she asked as she slunk to her knees, pulling my shorts down as she went. She started kissing my rock-hard member through my underwear.
"You were deepthroating him while I watched. You were obviously enjoying it, and he sure as hell wasn't putting up a fight."
"I should hope not...I would give him my very best. Would you like me to do that for you right now? Show you my best?"
I brushed her cheek and took a grip on her ponytail. "I've been waiting for it all day."
"Keep telling me about it while I..." she expertly freed my cock and dropped my underwear to the floor before slowly taking the head of my penis in her mouth.
I sighed deeply and lolled my head back; Tori knows how to give head, plain and simple. She paces herself, uses her tongue, and loves to play with my balls. Wonderful multitasker.
"You were on your knees in front of him, humming and licking his balls, tickling the side of his legs with your fingers. As he got close you pulled back and jerked him off," I had to pull her off before I came. "You stroked until he came on your face and in your mouth."
"Hmmm, that does sound hot...was that it?"
"You looked at me and started drooling the cum on your breasts and rubbing it into your nipples."
"God, you do have elaborate fantasies at work. Does it make you want to come home and fuck me?"
"What do you think I'm in here for?"
"I thought you were going to help me move boxes."
Feigning annoyance, I stood her up and pulled down her yoga pants, along with the little thong she wore underneath. I pushed her back onto the loveseat and began returning the favor she had recently paid me.
Early in our relationship Tori discovered that I am a silent lover. I never realized it; I am always so focused on getting the girl to orgasm that I subconsciously muted myself so that I could better listen for the subtle nuances in my partner's voice that indicated I was succeeding. At first she found it odd, but once she understood my intentions she happily filled the silence with dirty talk, both to enhance our pleasure and explain in words rather than intonations what I should do to push her over the brink.
"So you want me to suck Arick's cock? You do? Licking up and down the shaft, fondling his balls, putting my lips around the head and taking it down my throat? Would that turn you on?"
We could both tell by the other's more frenzied movement that the fantasy was revving us both up quickly. She continued while I added a finger to my oral ministrations.
"I'd want him to cum in my mouth the first time. Then--oh, God, right there--then, I would lie him down and sit on his face until his cock starts getting hard again, then 69 with him--use another finger, Dam--OH! Yes!--then I'd turn around and mount him--"
At this, I picked her up and flipped her around so she was kneeling away from me. I grabbed her waist and lined myself up, then pushed until I sank in to my hips. The tight wetness of her snatch enveloped my cock, and I began rhythmically thrusting in and out deeply.
Her breathing became vocal and she took a minute to get accustomed to my intrusion before her dirty mind picked up again. "I'd want you to come over and stand by me so I could suck your cock while I ride him. Would you want to double-team me with your boss, Damon? Would you want me to blow you while I fuck him?"
"Yes," I growled, "I want to see you fuck him."
She started playing with her clit. "Harder, fuck me harder, Damon...I would ride him until he came in me, then suck you off until you came in my mouth. Then I'd walk over to Nikki and share your cum with her..."
Mentioning a cum-swapping kiss with my boss' hot wife was far too much for my long-suffering sex drive to handle, and despite my best efforts to get Tori to cum first, I built into a hard, powerful climax and finished deep in my moaning wife. The strength of my uncontrolled thrusting brought her around, however, and she was soon milking me as her vaginal muscles spasmed around my cock.
I pulled out as she collapsed on the couch, and I sank down next to her. She rolled over and stretched out with her head in my lap. Her breasts, flattened by the sports bra, nonetheless looked enticing, especially when her green eyes finally reopened. They looked incredibly exotic next to the teal and black.
I grinned down at her deferentially. "I didn't realize Nikki was in the fantasy, too...I'm glad you saw her standing in the room."
"Of course she was," Tori answered. "She wouldn't leave Arick to be fucked by himself; she would want to be included. And I'd want her to be there, too."
"Well, I certainly wouldn't turn her down."
Tori giggled. "I didn't think you'd mind."
I began playing with her belly. "Yeah, it was pretty blatant today. I was wrapped up in that daydream for at least five minutes."
"Did you get caught?"
"No, thank God, but it definitely ramped me up for my workout this evening. You should have seen me, babe: I was huge." I flexed my arm and gave her my best Blue Steel.
"I'm sure you looked great. Wish I could have been there to show you my approval," she laughed.
"Kendra sure did."
"Oh yeah? What did she say?"
I casually shrugged. Tori's initial reaction had been what I expected: indifference. Kendra and I really did joke around a lot in front of her, so bringing it up was no big deal, but Kendra had certainly upped the ante this evening. I really didn't know how Tori would take it...nor, I realized, did I know what I wanted it to do. But if there was even going to be a chance, I needed to handle this carefully. "The usual innuendo. Also, that she makes an obvious effort to flirt with me and you don't seem to mind."
"Of course I don't; you know that. You flirt right back and I don't care. You and I have never been jealous."
"I know, and I love that about our relationship. But this," I gestured to what we had just done, "was just playing out a fantasy."
"Uh huh." She intoned sarcastically.
I smiled back. "Mostly, anyways. And flirting is nothing; hell, it's our favorite form of communication a lot of the time. But this time...well, she followed me into the little boys' room."
"Reaallly?" she asked, drawing out the word. She sat up and looked at me. "Were you naked?"
"Almost. I was in my underwear about ready to step on the scale when she walked in."
"What happened?" Her tone was straight curiosity, a good sign.
"Nothing happened; she just made it very clear that she wanted to do more than flirt. But, she didn't want to do it behind your back. She noticed that you don't care about her hitting on me, and I think she interprets that as an invitation, perhaps? Either way, she told me to get your permission before she would do anything."
"Before *she* would do anything?"
I frowned at her a little. "Tori, I've never cheated on you, nor will I."
"So what would you call this, if I okay'd it?"
"If you said it was alright, would you feel like I was cheating?"
It was her turn to frown. "In the past we always just hooked up with friends. I knew they wouldn't steal you away and that for both of us it was just sex."
"Absolutely, which is what this would be. And while Kendra isn't one of our close friends, a) you know it's just about realizing the sexual tension between us, and b) we have the added impetus of being married, now. You're stuck with me, woman, whether you like it or not."
"But won't you get in trouble at work for this?"
"Who am I going to tell? Who is Kendra going to tell? We have zero mutual friends, and we joined that gym to get away from everyone at work. Jesus, I sound like I'm trying to justify cheating on my coworkers. Look, don't worry about that, it's a non-issue. And you still haven't answered my question. If you trusted me with your friends while we were just boyfriend and girlfriend, does being your husband carry a higher level of trust?" I paused as I thought over. "Wow, am I just being manipulative? I take that back. Basically, what is your gut feeling on this?"
That she didn't answer right away more or less negated any instinctual reaction, but I stayed silent and watched her beautiful, thoughtful face.
"No...no, you're right. I totally trust you. And I do like Kendra; she seems fun and harmless between you and me." She looked back at me and smiled. "Yeah, go have fun. I want to know all about it. When do you think you will?"
"Well, she sort of scared me off and I left my work clothes there, so tomorrow night, I guess?"
"You came home that fast because you were scared? It wasn't to wave this thing around in my face?" she impishly asked, reaching for my returning erection.
"When you put it that way, B-Cup..." I called her pet name as I reached for her namesakes.
"I do put it that way, because I want some more use out of you before I loan you out tomorrow. Now, I think Nikki was wearing black stockings with a garter..."
---------
I knew Kendra started her shift at noon, so around two o'clock I called in to ask about my duffel bag. As I hoped, she answered the phone.
"Why, hello, Captain; I do indeed have your gym bag here; what are you going to give me in exchange?"
"How about permission?" I replied with inflection.
There was a pause before it clicked, then excitedly, "Really?! Okay, come by same time as last night; I'll make sure the place is empty. God, I was thinking about you all night. This should be fun!" -click-
Tori had gone out for the day, and sitting by myself in the house watching the clock made the afternoon drag by at a glacial pace. I finally gave up on waiting and left an hour early.
I parked in the same spot and walked toward the gym, noting that it looked empty already. I was at first concerned when I noticed the "Sorry, Closed" sign, but tried the door anyway and found it unlocked. I peaked into the weight room and basketball gym; Kendra was nowhere to be found. I made by way toward the back of the gym to the pool but still couldn't find her. I was about to leave when I noticed the sauna was steamed up. I slowly made my way over, debating how I should make my entrance; if it was someone other than her I'd have a hell of a time explaining my presence here. Fuck it, I thought. It could only be her.
It wasn't. Well, it was, but not just her. She was sitting on a bench with her back to me, wearing nothing but a towel around her waist. There were hands reaching around from in front of her caressing her spine and shoulders. They were delicate, feminine hands, and very familiar.
The other girl mumbled something to Kendra, who looked over her shoulder and smiled at me. "Heya Captain, glad you found your way here...you weren't supposed to be here for awhile yet, but I guess we'll make do. Guess what I found out this afternoon?"
I inclined my head, hoping for a glimpse of the other girl, but I couldn't see past Kendra or the steam. I was still gratified, however, when Kendra slowly turned around and faced me. Her breasts sat high on her chest, a full C-cup, with a few freckles like the ones across her nose. She placed her hands the bench by her hips and pushed up, accentuating her breasts and letting the towel fall a little lower down her torso.
"I found a beautiful brunette who knows just how to get a girl turned on. Can you imagine who it might be?" She pushed herself upright and made no attempt to keep the towel from falling to the ground. She worked at a gym and it was very clear she used her employee discount to the fullest. Her slim, athletic body was better than I imagined: gorgeous legs, a firm but touchably-soft belly, and beautiful breasts with rosy nipples that even in the heat were hard and ready to be suckled.
She walked over towards me and wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling my face into hers, softly kissing my lips--saying "hey, there" without words--before plunging her tongue into my mouth and pulling me tighter. I responded in kind, momentarily forgetting the other girl until I felt her hands tugging my shirt over my head.
"Keep kissing her while I undress you, babe."
Of course it was my wife. The little vixen had ruined my plans, but I liked hers better, so I was willing to let it go. As if I ever had a choice.
Kendra had not let up her ferocity, and as soon as my shirt was off she rubbed her breasts over my bare chest, and after my pants fell she melded her body to mine, rubbing her moist skin all over the front of my body. Tori, after neatly folding my clothes by the door, did the same to my back, reaching around and fondling the side of Kendra's breasts. I was overwhelmed by the sensation of so much female in such close proximity, and my cock probably grew an inch longer than it ever had in its existence as I felt two pairs of perfect tits slide and press themselves into my body.
Tori slid one of her hands down and languidly began stroking my throbbing cock. "Welcome to our little party, my darling. We've been looking forward to your arrival, but you're early and it's not your turn yet. Why don't you sit down and watch for awhile?"
I mumbled incoherently into Kendra's mouth, not really hearing her, but the words took meaning when Tori slid around my side and began focusing on Kendra. I could feel Tori's face close to mine, and I opened the closer eye to see my wife tonguing Kendra's ear. Kendra moaned into my mouth, then broke off our kiss to transfer to Tori. I watched, fascinated, as these two sexy Aphrodites aggressively kissed mere inches from my face, intertwining their tongues and switching their heads one way, then the other in an erotic competition for Sapphic dominance.
Without thinking about it I began grinding my pelvis into Kendra's hips, which brought a smile to her face as she opened her eyes and briefly looked back at me. "Down, boy," she said with a wicked lopsided grin. She pulled away from me and took Tori by the hand, leading her back to their bench. "Take a seat, Captain, while I take your wife."
I floated more than walked over to the bench along the wall, positioning a towel for back support and settling in for the performance.
The girls were straddling the bench but still standing, once again locked in a kiss. Tori's fingers were drifting up and down Kendra's ribs while Kendra was tracing designs on Tori's belly. I was surprised to notice Tori was still wearing her bikini; I could have sworn they were naked as they rubbed across my back. No matter; the black material added mystery to the setting. What would Kendra do once it was out of the way? I was dying to find out.
On the next upstroke Tori's fingers glided inward, s-l-o-w-l-y dragging themselves along the top of Kendra's toned stomach until it almost looked like she was palming Kendra's breasts. Tori paused, feeling the other girl's breathing heighten in anticipation, before continuing her delicate tracing up the underside of Kendra's perky breasts to the nipples. Kendra flinched slightly, then renewed her kissing with more fervor and a smile as Tori fondled her tits.
Watching your wife kiss and touch another beautiful woman is something I would recommend to all, voyeurs and non-voyeurs alike. The eroticism of that moment, seeing my raven-haired wife cupping and toying with Kendra's more-than-a-handful C-cups while kissing her and tonguing the side of her neck, was seared into my memory and has since been a source of inspiration for me in sex, in writing, in loving my wife. While there was much more to that afternoon, the vision of Tori's dexterous attention and oral ministration to Kendra, not even pushing an "R"-rating, carried the most impact to my heart and psyche. I could never possibly love a woman like I loved my wife.
The rush of the moment (or perhaps the heat) left me somewhat lightheaded, and I took my cock in hand to bring myself back around. Kendra helped immensely by dropping a hand between my wife's legs, and while I couldn't directly see what she was doing, the way Tori began squirming dispelled any uncertainty.
"I think it's about time I saw your body...fully," Kendra said. Tori answered by reaching behind herself and unsnapping her bikini top, shrugging out of it and leaning back slightly on her hands and pushing her chest up to give Kendra unhindered access to my favorite breasts in the world. Kendra wasted no time and began licking and sucking first one, then the other. Her hand continued to work between Tori's legs, and my wife's body glistened as she swiveled her hips and licked her lips, watching Kendra go to work.
Without removing her mouth or hand, Kendra gently stood and leaned forward, forcing Tori onto her back. Still standing, she slid her mouth down Tori's belly, eliciting a giggle when she paused to swirl her tongue around Tori's bellybutton ring, finally bringing her tongue to a stop at the hemline of the swimsuit bottoms. I watched as Kendra rocked her hips, slowly brushing her nipples up and down my wife's tanned thighs, still licking her waist teasingly and looking up at her face. Tori was almost panting now in the heat and in her lust, and without looking down, breathed, "Do it."
Kendra smiled and began tugging the bottoms. Tori lifted her hips and off they went. Kendra took a moment to settle herself down on the bench, adjusting a towel beneath her and hooking her arms around Tori's legs and reaching up to continue teasing her nipples. I repositioned for a better view; unlike the fingering, this was not something I wanted to imagine rather than see.
"Do it," my wife said again, pleadingly, and after another moment of hesitation when she looked over at me, Kendra obliged. She started with a slow, full-tongue lap from bottom to top, and even in the sauna's heat my wife shivered. Kendra did it again, then again, and Tori began moaning before Kendra brought her mouth down around her clit. Tori gasped, then seemed to melt into the bench as the red-haired succubus between her legs flicked and coaxed her clit into full stimulation. Tori moaned louder, and Kendra brought down her hand to join her mouth. Normally Tori needs to be warmed up with one finger, but in her current state and with the moistness of the sauna Kendra didn't even bother and worked her middle and ring finger into Tori's canal, quickly pushing in to the last knuckle. She began working her fingers in and out, and I was rather amazed Tori didn't fall off the bench given how much her body writhed in response to Kendra's manipulations.
I decided it was about damn time I got involved and made my way behind Kendra. I placed my hand on her elevated backside, running my palm down one tight butt cheek then up the other.
Kendra clucked and looked back at me. "Not so fast, big boy. You'll get your chance with me soon enough; right now, I want to watch you fuck your wife." With that, she unstraddled the bench and faced me. Reaching down, she stroked my cock a few times, then winked at me and stepped back against the wall.
"I want to watch you have sex before you do it with me," she said and started sliding a finger up and down her slit.
I looked back at Tori, who was also fingering herself. "I want the opposite," she smiled, "I want you to fuck me, then I want to see you with Kendra."
I shrugged and grinned; I wanted them both, and could really care less about the order.
As ever, the fact that someone was watching me with Tori heightened every sensation. I was feeling her mouth on my cock, but at the same time almost seeing from across the room her mouth move up and down the shaft. Every detail of her face and her body--the stray hairs falling between her eyes, the way her nipples hardened when I pinched them, the delicate pose of her hand as it played with her clit--was brightened like everything had dimmed and her glowing body was the only source of illumination in the room. The narcissist in me wanted to perform for this audience, but more than that I wanted Kendra to see my wife as a supreme sexual vessel--just like I do.
I backed away from her mouth and took Kendra's former position astride the bench. Tori was already softly moaning, and I lined up on her visibly wet snatch. With twenty minutes of foreplay that I was present for and who knows how much before that, it much less pressure than usual to slide myself in to the hilt on the first push. Tori grunted and convulsed, moaning deeply. "Ohhhh....fuck me, Damon, please."
I bared my teeth as I ground my hips into her. Obviously I needed this as much as she did, but I was determined to keep the upper hand. Being outnumbered, it was really for my own safety that I keep the initiative.
"You got it, babe. Hang on."
I reached under her knees, propping her legs up over my shoulders. Once situated, I began thrusting long and slow, pulling out almost to the head before slowly pushing in so deeply my pubic bone ground against my wife's clit. Tori's head rolled to the side as she alternated between moans and grunts of pleasure. I had a predatory smile on my face, an open-mouthed grin with furrowed brow as I focused on my wife's pleasure, hunting for her orgasm with enthusiasm and relentless thoroughness. I had control, I was doing the fucking, but my wife's sexual release was all I wanted, and I bore down on it mercilessly. I picked up my rhythm and added a resonance to my breathing, knowing that the rare aural indication of my excitement would add to Tori's arousal.
"Oh, deeper, harder...ohmiGOD! Right there!"
I began dropping my hips on the inward thrust to drive the head of my cock into her G-spot, and was rewarded with almost 5 seconds of paralysis, where Tori couldn't move, couldn't breathe, couldn't find any way to react to the sensations running through her body. I quickly dropped one of her legs to the side and stepped over it, pushing the other leg toward her chest as I leaned over her body. With my new position I could drive into her without resistance from her legs.
Before taking advantage of this, however, I changed pace by pulling almost all the way out and started lightly moving only an inch or so back and forth, giving her body a chance to recover from my initial efforts. Teasing her like this reset her libido, calming down the nerves and building anticipation. I knew she was ready for more when her eyes opened and her hand drifted down to her clit.
I took my cue and began driving into her body hard enough to move her steadily up the bench. The suddenness of my phallic assault had a cataclysmic effect on Tori: her hand began frigging her clit with abandon as her face winced into the deceiving expression of extreme pain/overwhelming pleasure and her voice jumped twenty decibels, losing all cohesion with words but bursting with obvious meaning--I had found what I was looking for.
I quickly reached up and pinched one of her nipples, and Tori responded by arching her back and pinching the other. Her body glistened with sweat, and the fluid from her orgasm practically flowed over my cock as it pistoned into her. Tori shuddered once, twice, three times, then went limp, gasping for air.
I slowed to a stop and released her other leg, which slowly fell to the side. I took over gently rubbing Tori's other nipple and smiled fondly down at my wife. One down, one to go.
I looked over at Kendra, who was panting heavily and staring at my wife with unbridled lust. She quickly walked over to her and fiercely kissed her, taking advantage of Tori's exhaustion to French kiss her with increasing frenzy. She finished by planting a massive hickey on my wife's collarbone, then looked up at me.
"That was crazy. You looked so...angry?...but not really; just so--I don't know, intense, I guess? Focused? Whatever it was, it was sexy as hell. You'd better do that to me, but not in here...I am WAY too hot. Help me with this one, I know where to go."
"I'll get her, lead the way." I picked up Tori's limp body in my arms and followed Kendra's naked and wonderful backside out of the sauna.
The cool air of the hallway felt amazing, and served to bring Tori back to life.
"So, how was that for you? Was it okay?" I asked with exaggerated curiosity.
"Mmmm, I think you know. Did you finish?"
"No, that was all about you. Kendra is all about me."
She smiled as she snuggled against me. "Give it to her. Hard. She'll like it." She looked up at me with a sultry grin. "I will, too."
What little blood had left my cock in the interim roared back in and I picked up my pace. Tori giggled as I smiled and pinched her ass.
Kendra stopped in front of a door and smiled back at us. "In here, you two."
She had chosen well: this was the Yoga room, and came replete with mats and a padded floor. This whole room was designed for acrobatic sex.
Kendra was already kneeling in the middle of the room, looking at me expectantly. "I believe that's for me," she said, pointing at the part of my body pointing back at her.
I put Tori down and strode assertively toward Kendra. "It is," I pointed at her mouth, "Open up."
I walked up to her, cock in hand, and grabbed the back of her head. With barely a pause I guided my dick into her willing mouth and began pushing in and out. Kendra responded enthusiastically, humming and licking and bringing her hands up to help. On the third stroke she deep throated me and started licking my balls.
I moaned. I wouldn't be able to keep this up for long if she kept doing that. I pulled out to regain control.
Kendra smacked her lips and looked up at me. "Fuck my face."
I blinked as several thoughts ran through my head. Tori and I rarely did anything rough, and I never found pleasure in watching rough blowjob porn, but seeing the fire in her eyes and understanding that this was for her, not me, made all the difference in the world. My focus returned, but this time without the smile. I wrapped her hair around my hand and cupped it behind her ear, placing my other hand on top of her head. Kendra saw the change come over me and her breathing quickened as I looked down at her.
"Open your mouth."
Her jaw dropped instantly and I drove home without hesitation. I worked the head of my cock against one cheek, then the other, turning her head back and forth as I explored the room. Finally I pushed all the way in and held her there.
"Are you ready?"
She barely nodded and a moan escaped from deep in her throat.
"No teeth," I warned, and clenched my fist around her hair for emphasis.
She nodded again, and I promptly began working in and out of her mouth. Facefucking was totally new to me, but with my wife's suggestion to be rough coupled with Kendra's request removed any second-guessing from my actions. A primal and selfish sexual drive took over; Kendra was indeed going to be all about me.
But it was still my goal to make her orgasm first. I looked down and saw her hands had fallen by her side. "Rub your clit and pinch your nipples. I'm not doing all the work, here."
Kendra quickly complied, and her moaning became constant if regularly interrupted.
"So it turns you on to be fucked in the mouth? Is that it? To be used for my pleasure?"
All I got in return was a muffled "Mmhmm," so I popped my cock out of her mouth and asked her again.
"Do you like to be used?" I asked in a clear tone, almost patronizingly.
She looked up at me and nodded. "I do...think you can handle that?"
I lightly slapped her face and plugged her mouth again. "Yeah, I think so."
I started a rhythm of pushing and pulling, holding myself deep in her mouth for a couple seconds, and soon my tool was liberally coated in saliva, as was her chin. Watching it drip off her chin onto her chest was really turning me on; this girl was clearly into being dirty. I pulled out of her mouth and rubbed my slimy cock over her face. She half-heartedly attempted to get it back in her mouth, moaning the whole time. I pushed my cock up to her forehead, forcing my balls into her mouth. She sucked and licked them with gusto, lathering them as she had done with my dick. The sensation of her tongue sliding around my sac coupled with the sensitive underside of my dick rubbing up and down her face was incredible; to keep control I pushed her back onto the mat, forcing her down mostly with pressure from my groin as I straddled her and followed her down to my knees.
I slowly kneewalked back, sliding my groin down her torso, adding more spit to her cleavage and stomach. I leaned down and kissed her, licking and sharing a bit of the mess on her face. I could feel my cock throbbing on her stomach in arousal.
"Push your tits together," I whispered forcefully.
She released her clit and did as she was told. I moved forward, resting my package between her lovely C-cups. Still holding her ponytail, I forced her head toward her chest as I started titty-fucking her. She opened her mouth willingly, taking in the head and swirling her tongue along the sensitive underside. Suddenly her hips bucked and she grunted. I turned to see Tori beside me, enraptured with the sight of my cock sliding in between another girl's breasts. I saw the muscles in her shoulder working, and I turned and traced her arm all the way to Kendra's pussy. I immediately pulled Kendra's mouth off of my dick so I could process my wife fingering this girl.
Tori came out of her trance and looked up at me with a blank but flushed expression on her face. Without a word, she leaned forward and began licking up and down my shaft. After re-coating the shaft, I placed it back in Kendra's Valley. Tori then switched to Kendra's nipples, not missing the opportunity to lick my balls as they came close enough.
My powers of endurance were rapidly deteriorating, and I wanted to fuck this girl. Abruptly I stood and stepped back, pushing Kendra's hips to the side so I could slap her ass, hard. "Spread your legs, it's time to finish you off." Her knees spread and her legs wrapped around my abdomen as I lined myself up. Emphasizing my control, I reached down and firmly gripped her shoulder as I knelt down, assuming a three-point stance over the writhing girl. I placed my cock between her pussy lips and looked up at Tori. She had moved up to Kendra's head and was gently kissing her face and stroking her hair. She was already looking at me when I made eye contact with her.
"Do it, Damon," she said in a smoky voice.
I forcefully pulled Kendra down onto my cock as I thrust forward, driving all the way up to my pelvic bone. Kendra screamed, a little in pain but mostly in pleasure, and I began grinding against her clit like I had done with Tori, but much more forcefully this time. Her scream slackened to a high-pitched keening, and I pulled back a few inches before ramming home again. She squealed, so I did it again. And again. And again. Each time the breath was driven from her lungs and her body thrashed.
Tori watched wide-eyed as I drove in and out, the flush on her face growing darker with each thrust. Unable to take it anymore, she stood and straddling Kendra's head. Without saying a word she lowered herself to the manic girl's mouth, grinding her pussy on Kendra's face. Tori's eyes were half-lidded, exaggerating her Asian heritage, and her beautiful dark hair fell across her shoulders down to her breasts. I paused hilt-deep, admiring my wife's breathtaking beauty for a moment before I leaned forward and took a nipple in my mouth. I sucked and licked for a moment before one of her hands came to my face, drawing me up to hers. I lightly bit the nipple before lifting my head and kissing my wife. She attacked me with her tongue, not always getting it in my mouth in her urgency. Her breath came in short gasps as the dirty slut beneath us enthusiastically lathered her snatch.
"I love you so much, baby," she said. Then she pushed me away and reached down to pinch Kenda's nipples. "Now fuck her."
I repositioned, letting go of Kendra's shoulder and locking her knees to my side with my elbows, gripping her thighs and straightening my back for support. It was time to finish.
My only warning to Kendra was a deep breath before I began a series of rapid, powerful thrusts into her defenseless pussy. Pushing with the balls of my feet and arching my back for leverage I used my upper body to pull Kendra's hips to mine. My wife stared, mesmerized by my focus and athletic aggression as I fucked another girl in front of her. I looked at Tori and watched a spasm start in her lower abdomen and spread to the rest of her body. Her eyes clenched shut and her jaw dropped as the orgasm took hold; I looked down and watched her pinch Kendra's nipples. That must have been the final stimulus for Kendra, who started bucking underneath us and screaming into my wife's pussy.
Tori quickly dismounted and placed her mouth over Kendra's nipple. Meanwhile, Kendra's rapidly clenching tunnel finally pushed me over the edge, and at the last moment I pulled out and unloaded a half-dozen thick streams of spunk on Kendra's stomach and tits and even a few strands on the side of Tori's sweaty face. I stroked myself down from the precipice and watched Tori start to lick my offering off of Kendra's chest. I could see the teeth marks she had made ringing Kendra's nipple.
With her mouth full, Tori hovered over Kendra's face and slowly began dribbling my sperm into the other girl's mouth. Kendra greedily licked it, then reached up and pulled my wife into a very sloppy kiss. I looked the two of them over. Tori was glistening, both from sweat and from post-orgasmic sheen, with streaks of sperm and saliva smearing her face. Kendra was a mess. There were teeth marks, pinch marks, and other signs of abusive physical exertion all over her body. Her hair had mostly fallen out of the ponytail and splayed behind her on the mat, curled in the humidity and sweat of our bodies, and her face, breasts, and stomach were coated in saliva, spunk, and pussy juice. Her abdomen was still clenching from the orgasm, and she was clearly enjoying the offering of jizz my wife had brought her.
"So is that what you had in mind?" I asked with a self-satisfied smirk.
"Mmmm, that was incredible...you two are amazing!"
"Yes she is," I said as I tenderly palmed my wife's sculpted backside before adding a gentle swat.
My wife was still kissing and fussing about Kendra's face, but smiled and shook her butt. "So are you, my love." She stood and faced me, looking glorious and perfect. I loved this woman with all my heart, and kissed her passionately when she leaned over me.
She broke it off and stood, smiling down at me. "I think I'm going to take a shower, now...would you two care to join me?"