I awoke the next morning before her, the morning sun pouring through the lace curtains, causing a dazzling array of light and shadows across our bed. She lay on her back, a most peaceful look on her face, the sheets tucked neatly around her at her waist. One of her nightgown straps was off her shoulder, her nipples even now pushing through the cotton in the bright dappled light. She was beautiful.
So began three days of glorious flirtation between Leslie and me. The embers of passion clearly still burned within her as we explored antique stores and shops. One store we found in a nearby town also sold upscale clothes on consignment in an upstairs room, and she voluntarily went behind the curtain that was the dressing room to try on various outfits, some she was genuinely interested in, and others just for the silliness of trying on styles that were simply not her. As I stood watch at the top of the steps across the room, to keep watch for other shoppers coming upstairs, she stopped closing the curtain, and let me watch her change. She tried on a bathing suit and smiled coyly at me as she removed her bra and stretched seductively, turning so I could appreciate her body from various angles.
My erection hardly ceased over the course of those days. We had our silent understanding and resolve to wait until our last night to make love, knowing that the constant teasing and flirting would build us to a climax ultimately that would never be forgotten. I became more bold with my own advances in response to her's, furtively feeling her ass as we navigated streets and shops, doing my best to do so when I was sure no one would see. Despite my efforts, on one occasion, as we walked along the docks in the marina admiring the various sailboats and yachts, I thought no one was around and enjoyed an especially long feel, ending with a lingering kiss, only to look up and see a man on the stern of his 50' boat, smiling at us. Leslie saw him, too, but instead of the shock I assumed she would express, she smiled back at him and giggled softly, patting my behind.
She wore a skirt that day, with a sleeveless blouse; I noticed that she'd left an extra button undone that day, giving me tantalizing views of her cleavage when she would lean to examine some find in a store. We would occasionally sit to rest on a bench somewhere, and she made efforts to display plenty of leg to me, even adroitly sliding the hem up her thigh until I was breathless.
So that was the course of those two days and three nights, a wonderful, building tension of passion that was beyond anything either of us had ever felt, and which we both were enjoying without speaking to each other about it. It was palpable, and I felt as though every one of my senses could detect it. The dash of perfume she applied to her neck each morning - which she ordinarily didn't wear - constantly filled my nostrils, making me drunk with her presence; we rarely were beyond arm's reach from one another, almost always in physical contact with each other, holding hands, caressing, nuzzling, feeling, gazing deeply into one another's eyes.
By our last night, the fourth, we were brimming with desire and lust. We spent much of the day relaxing, as best we could considering our anticipation of whatever was to be that evening; we lingered in bed til late in the morning, I in my boxers, and Leslie wearing a nipple-spiked tank top t-shirt and a pair of red plaid bikini panties. For lunch we retrieved our boxed leftovers, from dinner at the marina restaurant the night before, stored overnight our room's small refrigerator. As i was settling into an easy chair in the corner to eat, Leslie announced, "I know, let's eat out on the porch," and immediately opened the door and sauntered out, still wearing only her t-shirt and panties. I sat stunned for a moment, grinned and followed her, self conscious about my hardening cock beginning to escape my boxers.
She was already seated when I joined her on the porch. The warm, bright sun felt wonderful, and certainly looked gorgeous on Leslie. I had a hard time following our conversation, being preoccupied as I was with her nipples, showing clearly, and her scantily clad hips. We sat for quite a while, Leslie not flinching as a couple we hadn't yet seen, leaving by the front walkway for their own afternoon of exploring the town, glanced back for what seemed their first daytime view of the inn, saw us above and waved. A little later, Leslie stood and leaned against the railing, providing me with what I suspected was a purposeful view of her ass, and I'm sure understanding that anyone inside would have the same view of her plaid panties through the glass door.
Presently, our voyeuring couple from a few days before appeared, returning from lunch, on the sidewalk, heading toward the inn. I watched for Leslie's reaction. She was certainly watching them, and slight smile on her face. My erection became more intense, poking out of my boxers, as I realized her t-shirt was tightly stretched across her breasts, her nipples plainly visible through the cotton. Leslie glanced back at me, smiling, and raised her eyebrows suggestively when she saw my stiff cock protruding into the sunlight. She turned back toward the couple, now turning onto the front walk of the inn, and waved to them.They smiled and waved in return, stopping halfway up the walk to chat.
"Look, Scott, it's Charlie and Ann, from the other day!" she said to me, motioning for me to stand and join her at the railing - knowing full well, I knew, that my aroused state would make that very awkward. I knew that as long as I remained seated, my crotch was out of view of Charlie and Ann, because of their low angle. But as soon as I stood, they would have view obstructed only by the spindles of the railing, and since I wasn't wearing a shirt, there would be nothing, even a shadow, to provide me cover; and there was no convincing my handsome fellow to retreat into my boxers, since the had no buttons to close it. With that thought, it flashed through my mind what a view they were getting of Leslie, and I felt another surge of blood flow into my cock. I was able to time standing up as they glanced back at Leslie, and I quickly tucked myself in behind her, my hardness pressing against her firm ass, causing me to shudder with agonizing pleasure.
"Hello again, good to see you!" I managed to say.
We chatted amiable for a few minutes, my cock remaining pressed against Leslie, the fabric of her panties and the skin of her lower back driving me crazy with lust as she gestured and laughed as she talked, her breasts moving freely and obviously. I noticed Ann tuck herself in front of Charlie, the two pressing against each other as they looked up at us, chatting amiably, Charlie's hands finding purchase on Ann's hips, wandering a little lower from time to time as he caressed her. She was wearing a blue sundress I would love to see Leslie in, for, especially from our high viewpoint, it gave ample opportunity to appreciate her cleavage. It was apparent she wasn't wearing a bra.
Finally Ann asked, a little shyly, "So you all are having a little midday pajama party I see?" Leslie stammered a moment at the acknowledgement of our attire.
"Sure, why not? We've seen the sights already, and it's our last night tonight, so we thought we'd just have a relaxing day today." With her last words, she stretched her right arms back behind her to pat my cheek, pushing out her chest, pressing her ass against me and showing more of her midriff to Charlie and Ann.
"Well good for you!" Ann laughed. "That sounds fun!" Charlie nodded approvingly, smiling broadly.
"Come up and join us!" I heard Leslie say impulsively. I suddenly felt almost like you hear about people having out-of-body experiences. Time seemed to stop, and the words hung in the air, ripe, delicious and intriguing. That those words came out of Leslie's mouth, without any prompting or urging on my part, seemed surreal. But there they were, clear as a bell.
Charlie's eyes widened with excitement and looked to his wife for her reaction, obviously in hopeful favor of the idea, but deferring respectfully to her.
"What do you think, Charlie?" Ann asked, deflecting the question, yet with a tone that indicated a search for reassurance less than doubt about the idea.
"We're pretty shopped out too, dear," he said to her, and then to us, "We've pretty much done the town too. We leave in the morning."
"Yeah, we don't really have any plans," Ann said, to no one in particular.
"Alright, then!" said Charlie. "We'll run to our room first - see you all in a couple minutes!" They laughed as they disappeared from view and noisily entered the front door.
Before I could let this latest course of events sink in, Leslie reached behind her and cupped my balls, saying, "How's everything back here?" She giggled, and turned around, grasped my shaft with one hand, the other returning to my balls, and smiled up at me. I palmed her breasts, massaging them, and smiled stupidly back at her, my mind racing but my mouth unable to articulate a single intelligible sound. Years of sexual frustration were draining rapidly and happily away.
It suddenly dawned on me that unless I was to greet Ann and Charlie with my throbbing, naked cock as they came out onto the porch, I would need to make some provisions to obscure myself. I took Leslie by the hand and led her to one of the chairs, sat down and invited her to sit on my lap.
"I feel like standing," she said, smirking coyly, knowing what I was up to. Just then we heard the door opening, so I quickly drew my knees up toward my chest, blocking the view. Charlie came out first, wearing a pair of boxers and no shirt; Ann followed closely behind. I remember seeing her legs first, since I was glancing down to make sure my package was hidden from view; they were long and tan. Topping them was a pair of tight black lace boy shorts. Her breasts were nestled in a matching, minimal coverage bra. Her breasts were a size smaller than Leslie's, and as perky. She was in good shape, well toned, a cute belly button peering out several inches above the top of her boy shorts. Through the mesh of her bra, I could see her nipples, and I involuntarily glanced down to discover I could see a faint line of neatly trimmed pubic hair; she was a brunette, her hair cut below her shoulders.
We said hello to each other all over again, laughing and joking as Ann and Charlie took their seats, Ann finding a spot on his knee. I saw that Charlie was enjoying the closer view of Leslie, and noticed that she did very little to discourage his view. The two women, of course, did most of the talking, Charlie and I nodding and speaking briefly when appropriate. After a while, Ann got up to join Leslie at the railing, their asses side by side, dominating our view as Charlie and I drank them in. Leslie's cute little butt looked wonderful beside Ann's rounder and fuller ass. The way those panties can do, Ann's boy shorts separated her cheeks, emphasizing the shape of her ass. Leslie's bikini bottoms had become skewed, probably from me earlier caresses, and one cheek was mostly visible as the material was caught in her crack. Charlie and I did not speak.
I decided that with the girls' backs turned, and Charlie's intense focus on my wife's ass, it would be a good time to straighten my knees to give them a rest, since they were stiff from being pressed defensively against my chest. I quietly lowered my feet to the porch floor, and felt a pang in my back - I needed to stretch badly. As discreetly as possible, I straightened my body, raising out of the chair. I could feel the breeze on my erect cock, now in full view and only a few feet from Leslie and Ann. Ann's face was turned toward Leslie, who was in front of me; I wondered if Ann could see me in the corner of her eye. I had an overwhelming desire for her to see.
I recalled the old riddle: If you were carrying all the feathers you could carry, could you carry just one more? I knew then that the answer was no. I had restrained myself for so long, for years, and now my dream of dreams was, at least in part, coming true - I could no longer barricade my lust. It was simply too much. The relief of letting go would bring unspeakable pleasure! I more than suspected that Leslie was feeling similarly, if not more.
So I stood impulsively, my cock now glistening with precum, and joined Leslie at her side, turned toward her so the head of my cock would brush against her. My right hand rested on her ass, my fingers caressing her as she leaned on the railing next to her new friend. Ann turned around, her ass now against the railing, arms bent backwards to rest her hands on top, pushing out her chest. They continued to talk as Leslie rose and turned her back to me, her left hand on the railing, facing Ann, who was only a couple feet away. Her nipples were much more visible up close, and I could them pushing out against the lace.
Suddenly Leslie stretched, facing Charlie, much to his delight, and left the railing to sit down in the chair I had vacated. That left me exposed, my cock pointing like a bird dog directly at Ann. I was caught off-guard, having by now become thrillingly accustomed to my cock being in the breeze. My mind told me to take action to at least try to appear as if I did not want to be seen, but my lust immobilized me. I just stood there, my dick throbbing with excessive excitement, aimed at Ann. She did not notice at first, being engaged in an animated discussion with Leslie; Charlie eyes were locked on Leslie's breasts.
At some point, Ann was laughing at a story's punch line, fingers to her lips, head bowed in a failed attempt to subdue her mirth. She turned to glance at me, her gaze beginning at the floor and climbing my legs until it stopped, her eyes widening, fixed for a long moment on my cock. She guffawed, took a quick look at my face, then Leslie's, then her husband's. He was still engrossed with Leslie's breasts, so she looked away and stammered for a few seconds, and made a good effort at returning to her conversation with Leslie, stealing furtive, alternating glances at my face and cock. Leslie was absent minded in her conversation with Ann now, a twinkling smirk on her face.
The sun was very warm now, sweat beginning to shine on our skin. Charlie seemed to awake from his breast-induced stupor, consternation furrowing his brow. I noticed a squint-eyed glance or two at my condition, and felt a little weird, so I sat in the chair next to Leslie and raised my knees to my chest again. I could tell the conversation was beginning to dwindle, and Ann and Charlie began to clear their throats in the awkward silences. Their had been a shift in the sexual wind, apparently because of my over zealous cock. I felt very unwanted and humiliated, shattered because my hopes for erotic adventure seemed to dim so dramatically.
Soon, they found an excuse to leave - their children were going to call soon, I think it was - and we were left alone on the porch. We sat in silence for a while. My cock retreated, like a turtle in its shell, still oozing precum but now small, impotent and flaccid.
"Was it me?" Leslie asked, her voice trembling. I was startled and dismayed, fearing, now that she was feeling sexually demoralized, that even our chances for a climactic romantic interlude were now shattered as well.
"No! No, sweetheart, it wasn't you. I am sure of it," I said with confidence. "It was me. I should have been more careful!" I was disgusted with myself.
After another minute, I pointed out, "He couldn't keep his eyes off you." She grinned.
After a moment of reflection, Leslie said deliberately, "She's a fool, you know ... I was very proud of you. It was exciting to see you like that."
I felt my loins stir again. I was so grateful for my wife, and felt a surge of love and appreciation for her. "Thank you, sweetheart. You know I feel the same way!"
We reached out to hold hands, leaning back in our chairs in silence, soaking in the warmth of the sun. Even in the middle of the afternoon, it was a quiet town, with little traffic. I closed my eyes and sacred the quiet, and the love of my wife, my cock gently throbbing back to life. I felt her let go of my hand, and heard a rustling sound. I looked in time to see her playfully toss her t-shirt into my lap. I was overjoyed to see her breasts in the warm sunshine. She smiled demurely.
"Come here," she said, indicating a spot next to her chair for me to stand. I rose and stepped over to her. She sat up and pull my boxers down, telling me to step out of them. I was naked now, my pulsing cock feeling her warm breath and the wet, teasing touch of her tongue and lips. She looked up at me, grinning as she said, "This is just a very thorough preview of later tonight!" With that, she flicked her tongue at the head of my cock, sliding a wet kiss down the length of my shaft, suckling my balls. Then she reversed the procedure, unhurriedly, taking in my entire length when she reached the peak, sucking, kissing, licking. It was ecstasy!
Then she stood, pressing her bare chest against me. We kissed long and slowly, my hands navigating under her panties to her ass. She purred in approval, quickly breaking our embrace to pull them off. Now we were both naked, visible from the street to anyone who happened to look. She knelt down again to give my cock one more helping of pleasure.
"Okay, that's all for now," she said in her most gentle, feminine tone. I groaned, but smiled. "I know" she said, "me too!" it was music to my ears - she was as turned on as I was! I picked up our things, and before I could offer her garments to put back on for the trip down the hallway to our room, not figuring she'd want to risk meeting another guest in the close quarters of the interior of the inn, she opened the door and sauntered ahead of me, still nude. Just inside the door, she put a hand to my chest and told me to wait. She walked about halfway to our door, on the end opposite the porch, stopped and stretched, fully exposing her breasts, her trimmed pubic hair darker in the dimmer light of the interior. Seeing my approval, she turned her back to me, widened her stance and bent low, holding her ankles, grinning at me from between her legs. Still bending over, she beckoned for me to come to her, which I happily agreed to do.
"Kiss me," she said when I arrived behind her. I knelt on the floor, leaned forward on my hands with my head between her legs and kissed her. Then she backed up, straddling me, and tenderly turned me over so I could lie on my back. There in the middle of the hallway, she spread her legs and slowly lowered herself onto me, both of us suppressing gasps as my cock was buried to the hilt. She sat upright, her breasts moving as she gently rocked, my hands on her hips, my eyes traveling over her body and face. She looked as blissful as I felt.
We heard a door open downstairs, and Ann's voice as she explained where she wanted to go as she and Charlie walked to the front door and left. Leslie paused only long enough to be assured they were leaving, and not coming upstairs. She was careful to read my face, looking for signs that I might be close to climaxing. With each rise of passion on my part, she slowed or stopped rocking altogether, making sure I would not come.
We heard more voices, this time from the room a few steps away. I could see light moving under the door as the occupants walked about the room. Leslie pushed herself up, hands on my chest, and helped me to my feet so we could hurry to our room, in case they were ready to step out into the hallway.
Behind our closed door in our own room, Leslie kissed the tip of my cock, and then my lips, saying, "Remember, that's just a preview." I held her close, kissed her forehead and said, "I love you so much!"