The door opened a crack. Maria peered outside in both directions before addressing the three of us. "Top of the stairs, make a left, open door. Go in and shut the door. Go!"
The three of us tiptoed quickly through the kitchen, down the hall to the stairs, passing the closed doors along the way. I led the charge, dancing lightly up the stairs and making a beeline for the open door on the left. We all entered safe, and I closed the door softly, trying not to disturb them. Tara laughed at the absurdity of the situation, but Mike just shrugged. We had made it.
It had been three weeks since our first encounter; three long, agonizing weeks as I hadn't been able to quit thinking about Maria. We had kept up with Mike and Tara, and although Maria wanted a more intimate encounter this time, she had decided that Mike and Tara should join. I was happy to oblige, partially because I dug Maria's tendencies and partially because I selfishly wanted to see Tara get naked.
It wasn't really supposed to be like this, though. Maria's kids were supposed to be at their father's house for the weekend, but those plans were dashed when he came down with the flu this morning. Tara and Mike had, of course, already booked a babysitter, and their kids were older and would be awake.
So we decided to take a risk. Maria had told us her kids would be in bed by 10, and it looked like that was the case. The house was quiet; the kids' bedrooms were downstairs and only Maria's room and some storage were on the second floor.
Truth be told, it really wasn't a very nice neighborhood. But the lower-middle-class neighborhood only added to the situation, I thought – dirty sex with a dirty girl in a dirty neighborhood. All of the pieces fit.
Mike and Tara didn't seem to have much trouble adapting, and they sat chatting on the edge of Maria's queen bed as I surveyed the room. It was pretty simple. A queen bed with nondescript brown sheets. A nightstand with a lamp. Overhead light with a ceiling fan. Small table with a small television. Dresser with a nice vanity mirror. Small bathroom in the corner with a shower, toilet, and sink and not much else. She had probably straightened up a bit before our arrival, as the floors were clear and the room looked generally clean.
"So, like, you two are an item, right?" Tara asked softly, breaking our silence. I was taken aback a bit, surprised at the question. "I mean, I know you said you're not but I could tell by the way you were looking at her and holding her hand last time. You two are cute together." I could feel myself getting red in the face.
"Well, no we're not together," I replied. We had been talking about it, though. It all sounded crazy to me. I've been dating my girlfriend for years, yet I couldn't deny my feelings for a 39 year-old single mother whom I'd met online. But I couldn't bring myself to say it, at least not to them. "We're close. I wouldn't say 'together'."
Mike began to unpack the bag he had brought, pulling out the camera. Tara continued: "well obviously she likes you a lot. She wouldn't have brought up the camera thing if she didn't. Women just don't decide to make amateur porn with guys they don't have feelings for. I don't know."
While I agreed with her premise, I didn't want to show it. Maria and I had long discussed our mutual exhibitionist fantasy, and Mike and Tara had, of course, made a few amateur films in their day. They often watched them as part of their meetings with the rest of the group, so I'd been told. There was a website where we could host them if we wanted, but I wasn't sure how I felt about that.
Part of me knew that Maria knew how tortured I was with this, and I knew she enjoyed exerting a little dominance over my girlfriend. As shy and coy as she was, I knew Maria had strong feelings for me and resented the fact that we couldn't be together. Her asking to film us and potentially post it online was her way of showing the world that she had the upper hand sexually. But I truly didn't mind. While being with my girlfriend was the "right" thing, the proper thing, being with Maria felt liberating. She epitomized the "wrong" choice, the bad decision. And yet I couldn't turn away.
Moments later, she entered the room and shut the hallway light off. "They're asleep," she said cheerfully before heading into the bathroom. Tara followed and they closed the door. There couldn't be much room in there for 2 people.
Mike and I shrugged and I laid back on the bed, looking up at the ceiling, knowing this is where I'd be sleeping tonight. I'd managed to convince my girlfriend that I was spending the night with friends out of town, and while that was technically true, I doubt these were the friends she was thinking of. Maria and I had never slept in a bed together, and I was, frankly, excited at the prospect.
But first thing's first. The bathroom door opened within minutes, and I sat up on the bed to see both girls had stripped down to some sort of lingerie. My eyes lingered first on Tara, the tall brunette, as I was excited to see her. She wore a sheer black camisole, which did a poor job of covering her nipples, and small panties. In a matter of seconds, though, I began to eye Maria. God, she looked incredible. She worse a light pink bra, pink panties, and pink hip-high fishnet stockings. I smirked at the stockings – she knew I loved fishnets. She smiled and looked away shyly as our eyes met, surprisingly.
I heard the whirr of the camera as Mike switched it on to begin filming. He fidgeted with it to get the right setup before remarking to no one in particular, "don't worry, I'll edit the video later."
He focused the camera on the girls as they stood against the wall. Tara pretended to cover herself up and pointed to Maria. "Don't focus on me," she laughed. "She's the star here."
Maria blushed a bit, but Mike didn't miss a beat. "So why are we here today, Maria?" He asked. She looked at me, and I smiled at her and nodded.
"We're all gonna fuck," she replied softly.
"Can you say that a little louder, honey? I couldn't hear you," Mike laughed.
"We're all gonna fuck," she said louder, more assertively. The rest of us laughed a bit, and I stood up and motioned the girls to sit on the bed. They obliged, and I stood back by the door, watching intently as Maria sat cross-legged.
"I hear you're a pretty dirty girl," Mike crowed, smiling. "I heard what you did a few weeks ago. Mind telling us?" He moved around the room, getting the camera near her face. She blushed.
"We had a gangbang," she said shyly.
"A gangbang?" Mike replied, fake confused. "That must have been fun. How many men?"
"Six men," she replied, blushing, looking away from the camera to me. I smiled and nodded at her, and she brushed her light-brown hair behind her ear before looking into the camera. "Six cocks."
Tara giggled a bit off-camera, and Mike moved around some more. I still couldn't figure out Tara's situation. For someone who was involved in all of these group sex sessions, she still seemed kinda prudish
"Six cocks? That sounds like fun. Tell me about it," he replied, focusing the camera.
"They took turns on me. On my pussy," she stuttered. "And I sucked their cocks."
"And they came in your mouth?" He replied, keeping up the line of questioning.
"Yes. I swallowed their cum," Maria smiled again.
"That's so hot," he responded. I could feel myself getting harder watching this questioning, and she hadn't even undressed yet. "And tell everyone where we are tonight, sweetie."
"We're in my house. My bedroom," she replied, as Mike panned the bedroom.
"And your kids are downstairs sleeping," Mike laughed.
"Yeah, they're sleeping," she said softly.
Mike smiled. "Don't worry, we won't wake them. We're just here to watch you and your man fuck." 'Your man'. Those words rang in my head. "Tell me about him."
I sat intently and listened as she looked at me. Mike turned the camera in my direction; my first instinct was to cover my face, but I didn't. "He's hot," she said, laughing. "He knows how to push my buttons, how to get me going."
Mike panned the camera back to me. "What's your favorite part about her body? What's her hottest feature?" My time to shine.
"That ass," I said without hesitation. "So round, juicy. I love that ass." And with that, it was on.
"Show us your ass," Mike commanded, turning the camera back to Maria. Tara stood up off the bed and went to the corner, and Maria climbed onto all fours with her ass to the camera. Mike grabbed it softly as he motioned to me to get her panties off. I was only too happy to oblige. As Maria looked across the room, I walked to the bed and slid off her stockings. She knew what was coming but didn't budge as I slowly slid her panties down her thighs to her knees. "Let's see her holes," Mike said, getting slightly raunchier.
I followed suit, spreading her ass with my hands and exposing both of her holes. Her pussy was the same as I could remember it – dark lips, darker than her caramel skin tone, long slit, meaty with a dark pink center. She was a bit hairier than last time; she had left a small landing strip, but it was clear she had groomed for this. Her ass teased me. Her asshole was the same shade of dark brown as her pussy lips, and looked enticingly tight.
"That is gorgeous," Mike commented, his hands on her inner thighs.
"Thanks," Maria replied softly.
"What are your measurements, babe? Height, weight, cup, hips. I gotta know about those hips"
Maria giggled a bit as I jiggled her ass cheeks. "5'4, 135 pounds. 36D. 38 hips."
"Those hips, damn," I said softly. Mike zoomed in on her ass again, as I teased my fingers along the rim of her pussy.
"Thank you for sharing your girl with us," he commented. I tensed again at the sound of it, before regaining composure. I unhooked Maria's bra and helped her out of it and her panties, admiring her naked body. I bent in to kiss her and we began to make out on the bed, kissing passionately.
The switch went off in my head, and I began to strip as Mike continued to focus on her body. I tossed my clothes on the floor quickly, fully in the moment, as I immediately positioned my hips to her face.
Without a word, she devoured my cock and I moaned softly, relaxing on the bed. Mike continued to focus on her ass, his hand teasing her cheeks.
"You've got such a beautiful asshole," he remarked as the door creaked open. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a child's hand on the doorknob and my heart sank. Tara, out of nowhere, dove in front of the door and pinned her body on it, holding the doorknob closed with her hands.
"Mommy?" The voice questioned from outside the room. "Mommy who was that man talking? Are you ok?"
The color drained from Maria's face as she took her mouth off of my cock. "No one, it was the TV," she replied. "Mommy doesn't feel good. What is wrong?" She stayed on all fours, with Tara pinned against the door.
"Do you need help, Mom?" He asked again, trying again to re-enter the room. "I can't get in the door."
"I am fine, Miguel," she replied. "Why are you awake?"
I took a chance, guiding her head back to my cock. To my surprise, she began sucking again, waiting for his response.
"I....I had a bad dream," he replied. "Can you tuck me back in? I am scared." She looked up at me and I backed away, standing up.
"One second, Miguel. I will be out in a second." She turned to Mike and Tara and motioned all of us to the bathroom. She tossed on a bathrobe and walked into the hallway to her son. Mike had turned off the camera, and we could hear them talking as they went downstairs. The three of us exited the bathroom and moved back to the bed, waiting for Maria's return.
Minutes later she returned, apologizing profusely. Though an intrusion, none of us cared. She was, of course, a mother first.
"Maybe the camera is a bad idea," was her first comment. "The door has no lock." We all laughed as she had broken the tension. She removed her robe, once again showing off those luscious curves. Tara had, meanwhile, wrapped her arms around Mike, and they were in full-on groping mode. It was hot, watching them, and I took Maria's hand and kissed her. She smiled and kissed back as I led her to the bed and we turned down the sheets together. She slid into the bed and pulled me close – "turn off the lights," she beckoned. Tara and Mike had begun to undress, and I motioned them to the right side of the bed as I flicked off the lights.
"These cougars are sexy as fuck," Mike commented as I could see him and Tara making out beneath the sheets. Tara's body was tight as hell, fit, thin, small breasts.
"How old are you, Tara?" Maria asked the forbidden question as I climbed into the bed.
"46. You?" She replied. I was stunned – she looked tremendous for 46.
"4 years older than me," Mike replied.
"39," Maria said as I began to kiss her neck.
"I'm 27," I replied, quietly.
"Damn girl!" Tara said loudly. "Good for you!" I pressed my hips into Maria's and found her familiar pussy as I pushed in.
"I can't resist," I said as Maria moaned softly. I looked over at the two of them, and their eyes had locked as Mike entered Tara.
Maria's pussy was incredible, as it was last time. Not quite as loose as last time, but loose nonetheless, my cock slid in with ease. She was soaked, and she pulled my head in close as we began to kiss passionately. I would've thought it would've taken a long time for her to get back into the moment, but not at all.
As my eyes began to adjust to the darkness, I began to look over at Tara and Mike sporadically. Both girls were on their back, missionary, and although we each knew the others were there, we each worked independently.
Maria and I worked slowly, savoring the moment, because who knew when we'd be able to meet up again. We stared intently into each other's eyes as we kissed, neither wanting to break the stare contest as we swapped fluids in both holes.
I could sense Mike moving faster, picking up his pace next to us as our legs brushed together. I began to pick up my pace as well, seeing Maria bite her lip and shake her head at me.
"Slow down, baby. You don't want to tire yourself out," her hands scratching at my back. "You've got a long night ahead."
"Ooooh," Tara commented, arching her back. "Get him, girl."
I slowed my pace, again grinding against her clit and enjoying her wet warmth. "I could fuck this pussy all night," I said confidently, though I knew I certainly couldn't.
Maria's hands scratched my back again as we kissed. "Good, because I can suck your cock for hours."
I moaned a bit and she smirked. I could sense Mike getting closer on his side of the bed when I proposed a change. "Let's sit," I suggested, thrusting deep inside her. Between moans, she agreed, and I pulled her up to where we were each sitting, legs intertwined. Mike and Tara followed suit, and the four of us sat on the bed, grinding and moaning and fucking.
Mike continued to edge, and Tara began talking, testing. "Where did you cum on her, Mike?" She motioned to Maria.
"In her mouth," Mike moaned as Tara grinded her hips onto his.
"Good," she crooned. "This is the only pussy he gets to cum inside," she rocked her hips on his. "He can cum on his dumpster sluts however he wants, but not inside."
I could sense Tara was half-kidding. She was egging Maria on, trying to get a response with good-natured ribbing. "Your husband didn't seem to mind me being a dumpster slut when he was cumming for me," she replied.
"You're not the first dumpster slut to suck his dick, and you won't be the last," she replied, teasing again. Mike grasped for her body, clearly enjoying this. I was content to let our bodies rub together, though I was getting close as well.
"Maybe I am a dumpster slut," Maria shot back. "I want to be a dumpster slut."
This clearly put Mike over the edge, and he began to cum inside of Tara. Tara moaned in unison with Mike as they shared his orgasm.
"I'm just kidding," Tara admitted after separating from Mike. "I like you, even if you are a dumpster slut."
Maria moaned a bit, and I felt myself closing in on orgasm. "I'm his dumpster slut," she replied, looking at me. "He only gets to cum inside of this pussy," which was, of course, a lie because I had a girlfriend back home. But I wanted it to be true.
"You're my dumpster slut?" I asked.
"Yes," she nodded while moaning.
"Take my cum then, dumpster slut," I moaned while beginning to cum, feeling her pussy wet and warm with my cum. She was phenomenal, and I sat back in ecstasy as I finished.
It was nearly midnight, and Mike and Tara had gotten dressed. They needed to get home to their kids, and to be honest, I was a bit tired as well. I said my goodbyes and stayed in the room as Maria walked them out, through the silent house.
As they left, I went to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. I felt saddened, regretful, angry at myself for letting myself fall into this. I splashed water on my face, trying to change the situation I was in, to no avail.
The bedroom door opened and closed, and she was there, next to me in the doorway.
"Hi," she said, semi-awkwardly. She was still wearing her robe, though I was still nude.
"Hi," I replied. "We need to talk about this." She nodded, knowingly, and climbed into bed, but not before slipping off her bathrobe. I climbed in next to her and we lay, looking up at the ceiling in the dark. "What are we?"
"Didn't you hear? I'm your dumpster slut," she said coyly, laughing a bit to ease the tension.
I laughed, but tried to remain serious. "C'mon now. What are we? What is this?"
"You tell me," she shot back immediately. "You're the one with the girlfriend." She was right. I had no answer for her.
"I don't know what to tell you. I like you. I want to be with you. I can't be with you. Not like this. You've got kids, a family. We're at different stages in our lives..." I trailed off.
"I know," she said softly. "But you know there's a chemistry." She was right again. I hadn't felt a chemistry like this with a woman since....ever. "You wouldn't have cum in my pussy three times if there wasn't."
When she put it that way, I felt ashamed of myself. I looked over at her, and she looked back at me. "I can't help how I feel, ok?" I said defensively. "You know I want you. But it feels so wrong."
"But it feels so right," she shot back. "You know I treat you better than she does. You know she doesn't do it like me."
Forty minutes had passed since Mike and Tara left, the clock neared 12:40 AM. We had reached no resolution, and Maria got out of bed and moved to the closet, grabbing a small box. I tensed, not knowing what to expect as she turned on the nightlight on the left side of the bed where she was laying. She dropped the box next to me and sat on the bed.
"Can we talk about this whole relationship thing later?" She asked, opening the box and pushing it in my direction.
I felt myself getting harder immediately. A large tube of lube, a small glass toy and a larger silicon dildo sat inside. I looked at her and she smirked. "I didn't forget," she said. I hesitated for a moment, taking the glass toy to examine it. A minute passed.
"So, are you just going to look at it?" She asked, still sitting on the side of the bed.
"Fuck you," I replied. She giggled. "Get on the fucking bed." I was half-kidding, and she sauntered onto the bed on all fours, leaning in to kiss me. "This is going to hurt you," I said softly.
"I know," she replied between kisses. "But I want to be your dumpster slut." That was all the motivation I needed. I sat up and guided her so her head was at the foot of the bed and she could see herself in the mirror across the room. I spread her thighs with my hands. "Spread your ass for me, put your head down," I commanded, giving her a pillow to lay on. She complied, spreading her cheeks for me to see her pristine hole. I almost felt bad, knowing this was going to be her first anal.
I knew she had done some practicing previously, and I wasted no time lubing the small glass toy. It couldn't be thicker than 2-3 fingers, and I had no trouble inserting with the lube. She let out a low moan as I probed her ass, loving the view. She held it open for me as I worked, spreading slowly, adding more lube as I put one finger in with the toy, and then two.
It was a slow process, but we worked through it together. Our conversation had stopped as she let me guide her. I felt in control and pleased with myself, knowing that she was opening for me.
Soon after, I felt it was time to try the silicon dildo. I took it in my right hand – it was a decent size, about the size of my cock. I could see her peering at me, looking up from her facedown position.
"Be careful," she said softly.
My hand caressed her cheeks, down to her thighs as I removed the glass toy and my two fingers and examined my work. She had certainly been stretched quite a bit.
"I'll take care of you," I replied softly as I lubed up the silicon toy. Truth be told, I was as nervous as she was. I didn't want to hurt her, and I didn't want this to ruin whatever our relationship currently was. And I'd only done anal a handful of times with a past girlfriend; it has been years for me.
The silicon dildo slid in with slight resistance, but not enough to stop me. I could see her fingers squeezing her ass as she tried to cope with the larger toy.
"I have to tell you something," she moaned as I penetrated slowly. "Tim and I had sex on Wednesday." Well, this was out of nowhere. Why was she telling me this now?
"Uh, that's ok?" I responded, unsure. She and Tim had met on an online dating site awhile back, and they had gone on a few dates. He was a few years older than her, also divorced. She'd described him to me as bland, kinda boring. "I don't care if you had sex with him."
"It was just cause he took me to dinner. We had a good time, I guess," she trailed off, as if she was trying to convince herself as much as me. I continued to work the toy in and out, adding lube as needed. "He was only ok," she replied before yelping a bit. "But he's not like you."
I liked hearing that, and began to work it faster, harder. She was nearly ready.
"What about your girlfriend?" She pressed, and I could see where this was headed. "Tell me she doesn't do it like me. She doesn't fuck you like I do."
As if on cue, I heard my phone buzzing on the nightstand. I grabbed it – it was her. Nearly 2 AM and I hadn't called her to check in. I tossed the phone back on the nightstand and moved back to Maria.
"That's her, isn't it?" She asked, still facedown.
"Yeah," I replied, still using her dildo.
"Tell her you're about to fuck my ass," she giggled. I pulled out the dildo and it made a slight suction noise as it popped out. I took the lube in my hand and began to apply it liberally to my cock. Maria would sense what was next and began rocking her hips in anticipation.
"You still say you're superior to my girlfriend – let's see it," I said calmly as I teased her hole with my lubed cock. She pushed her hips towards mine, eager to finally try it. "Get low," I commanded.
She lowered her hips closer to the bed as I grabbed a pillow for her head. I surveyed the scene in the mirror at the foot of the bed in the dim light. I felt so powerful, her nude body facedown on the bed, butt in the air. I looked down to her ass, her gorgeous cheeks and thick thighs.
And within seconds, she was mine. Fully lubed and open, I slid right in with ease. She let out a deep, low moan, and so did I as I experienced the tightness. It was incredible, but I was careful not to go too fast too soon. Her legs shook as I held her hands on her ass cheeks, the two of us experiencing it together.
We didn't say much, save for during lube breaks. There wasn't much to be said, I suppose. We both knew what I was doing was wrong, but we both wanted it. I felt honored to be the one to take her anal virginity, thought I knew this relationship was headed for trouble.
I turned her onto her left side and held her legs together. She used her right arm to lift her right cheek and I found her hole once again. I knew it wouldn't be long – it couldn't be, she was starting to yelp a bit with each thrust. We kissed once, twice, then full-on makeout. I knew she didn't want to tell me to stop, but I could tell it was starting to hurt her. I had to break the silence to keep her open for another minute.
"She doesn't do it like you," I whispered, my cock still pinging deep inside.
"I know baby, I'm filthy for you," her hand on my stomach and then back to her ass.
"I suppose you can be my dumpster slut," I laughed, nearing completion.
She moaned softly. "Cum in my ass," she said softly, looking me in the eye. That was all I needed. We kissed again, deeper, and locked eyes as I began to finish inside of her. The feeling was unbelievable – her tight hole clenching on my cock as I came hard. We kissed for thirty seconds more, and I pulled out, not sure how she would judge the sex. My cock was clean, albeit covered in lube, and her ass had stretched considerably.
She rolled onto her back, some cum dripping off her ass onto the sheets, but she didn't seem to mind. I waited for her response as I lay next to her. "That felt....fucking incredible," she sighed, her hand tracing my stomach.
I told her I agreed, and we embraced again, this time under the sheets. It was well after 2 AM now, I had started to tire and she looked visibly tired as well.
I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and looked at it – 1 missed call and a few missed texts. No way was I calling her back now. I went into the messenger and tried to think of what to write. Maria draped her body over the left side of mine as I sat, pondering.
"Tell her you've been too busy having amazing sex over the past three hours to call her back," she chided. "Tell her what you just did to my ass..." she trailed off as she lifted her left leg to drape across my legs.
'At the bar, see you tomorrow,' I texted, putting the phone down just as the hallway light came on. My heart leapt as I heard the same familiar footsteps coming up the stairs. Maria pulled the covers over me and rolled onto her back, and I slid down inbetween her legs, half-intentionally. She scrambled away the anal toy box, and I lay motionless just below her pussy as I heard the door open and a little boy begin talking.
I couldn't make out the conversation between the muffled sheets, but I decided to take a chance. I began to tongue her pussy, being very careful not to make it obvious I was under the sheets. She tasted faintly of my cum from earlier, but I didn't mind. Within fifteen seconds, I felt her fidgeting with her hands under the sheets as she talked to her child. I stopped, thinking she was going to slap me away, but she moved her hand to the back of my head and ran it through my hair, her hips writhing softly.
It was on. I heard the door close and the little feet scurrying down the stairs, and within seconds the cover was lifted from my head and tossed to the floor. I swirled, flicked, kissed, caressed, lapped at her tender caramel-and-pink pussy. No words were exchanged as we felt each other out, her hand on the back of my head to guide me. I could feel my semen dribbling out of her ass onto the sheets occasionally, but that only fueled my passion as I continued to nibble and lick furiously.
And then it happened, she began to rock and moan, wiggle and arch her back. I continued swirling my tongue on her clit, my entire mouth open wide kissing her pussy, my hands pressing her thighs down onto the bed. She came violently, rattling the bed with her shakes as she eagerly pressed her hips into my tongue.
Just like that, it was over. She caressed my hair as I came up from her hips, pulling the covers back over us as we kissed again before lying next to one another silently. The clock ticked towards three, and I began to doze off....
Wet. Warm. I blinked my eyes, trying to adjust to the sunlight streaming in from the windows. Where am I? I looked down my body to see Maria gently sucking, caressing my half-hard half-limp cock. Oh yes, that's where I am. I ran my hands through her hair and she looked up at me, smiling as she sucked casually.
I grabbed my phone. 8:46 AM. I was in no hurry, though I could hear Maria's kids downstairs walking around, so I suspected she would be. But she didn't seem too concerned, her hands tracing my hips as she gingerly sucked me.
"You are fucking incredible," I said softly, enjoying the moment as I sat back in the bed.
"I had a great time last night," she said shyly from my hips. "I mean, obviously."
I sat up a bit as I woke up, letting her suck slowly and kiss my thighs. "You know what this means, right?" I asked her, smiling.
"Know what what means?" She replied.
"Know what it means now that you do anal," I responded.
"What does it mean?" She replied, looking up from my waist.
"It means that we'll have to get you DP'd," I smirked. She shot a glance at me and our eyes met. "Get you going with some more gangbangs." I felt myself getting harder as we talked.
"Would you like that?" She shot back, looking for approval.
"I would love that, and I know you would too," I said, looking down at her. She had gone back down on me, seemingly enjoying our discussion. "I'll gladly share my dumpster slut with a group." It felt odd calling her our new term of endearment in this situation, but she didn't seem to mind. "You look so fucking good with my cock in your mouth," I continued, loving the view.
The clock approached 9 AM, and she sat up, tracing her fingers up my stomach. "Go in the bathroom and wait here, I will be right back." I obliged, unsure of what was going on, and I shut myself in the bathroom. I looked pretty haggard, I thought, as I examined myself in the mirror. But I suppose four hours of sex and a short night's sleep will do that to you.
I could hear her talking downstairs as the clock inched towards 9:05. The bedroom door opened and closed, and I heard a knock on the bathroom as she opened the door. She wore short booty shorts and a extra-large tee that hung off her body – the throwaway clothes that she had worn to go downstairs. She looked tired as well; she had washed off her makeup at some point during the night, and I'd never seen her without makeup before. She looked older than she normally did, but I didn't think much of it.
She smiled. "I told them I would take them to the park at 9:30. But that I needed to take a shower first." I perked up. "So we have until 9:30, then I'm going to leave. Then you wait like 5 minutes and sneak out the backdoor, ok?" She looked at me with those pretty hazel eyes.
I nodded and kissed her forehead. She smiled and reached past me to the small cube shower to open the door. It wasn't much – two little corner shelves and barely room for two people. She turned on the faucet and the water got going, and she turned to look at me, waiting for my move. I pushed her into the closed bathroom door and pulled her top off. She giggled as her breasts were exposed once again. The water began to steam up the bathroom as I moved away from her. "She me your ass," I ordered as I sat down on the closed toilet seat. She sensually began to remove her booty shorts, up and down until her ass was totally exposed. I was fully hard and still nude, and I asked her to come sit on my lap. She obliged, with my cock poking through her thick thighs.
"Tell me how much you loved fucking my ass last night," she said softly.
"You are filthy," I shot back, lifting her up and opening the shower door. She followed me in, and she was pressed against the wall immediately. The water falling on our bodies, I lifted her right leg and found her pussy once again.
"That's it baby, just like that," I murmured, working my cock deep inside. She moaned, I moaned, we both moaned as we consummated once again. She still felt incredible, and our bodies pressed together in the wet shower. I squeezed some soap and began to lather her breasts, and she did the same to lather my chest. We slipped and slid and grinded for a few minutes until I pulled out and kissed her hard.
"Remember our first roleplay?" I asked. A smile crept over her face and she nodded.
"Kinda," she said.
"Remember we roleplayed shower sex?" I followed. She nodded again. "And I fucked your mouth?" She bit her lip. She remembered. "Get on the floor," I smiled at her as I commanded.
Truth be told, I needed a fast-paced fuck today. I wasn't as hard as I'd have liked after last night's antics, and I needed something uptempo to work with.
She knelt at my feet, the warm water pouring down my back and splashing slightly onto her now-wavy hair as she looked up at me. I took the back of her head in my hands and guided her lips to my cock, encouraging her to open. She obliged, and off we went.
It was surprisingly violent, much moreso than I had anticipated and a complete 180 from our encounter last night. She gasped for air as I held her head against my hips, the water splashing in her eyes. She looked away and coughed, and I gave her a moment before guiding myself back in.
"Look at me," I chided, prompting her to look up at me again amidst the water. I could sense her eyes watering, and she had begin to spit up a little bit of mucus. I didn't want her to puke, but I pressed on as she continued to enjoy the moment. "That's it sweetie," I cooed. "Good girl."
I felt like some kind of porn star, drunk with power. I continued to thrust deep into her warm, wet mouth. She gagged again, spitting up more mucus as she tried her best to look me in the eye. "Mom can't take you to the park right now, she's too busy getting facefucked," I teased, knowing she couldn't respond. She slapped at my leg playfully as I held her face on my cock, forcing a deepthroat.
She gagged hard and I pulled out, allowing her to spit once again. My cock was covered in her spittle and mucus, but I was rock hard. It wasn't even about sexual pleasure at this point – it was all about power.
"Open up," I demanded after a brief 10-second breath of air. She looked up at me, turned on yet feeling used, and opened once again. Again I used her mouth, pumping in and out. "You want to be better than my girlfriend?" She nodded as she sucked. "Good, then show me how a dumpster slut sucks cock," I followed-up. Her eyes lit up and she ran her hand along my stomach.
I pulled my cock out of her mouth and began to stroke it in front of her. "Three cumshots, three holes – I'd say this was a productive day," I laughed, stroking over her. She began to rub her pussy in the warm water and rocked on her knees, ready. I suddently felt extremely dirty as I looked down at her, and within an instant I began to cum once again, my cum splashing onto her tongue. I felt guilty for a half-second – her kids downstairs, my girl at home. But as she lapped at my cock, I felt like a god. I could get used to this.
I lifted her chin and she stood up next to me, covered in cum and hot water. Our eyes met, me looking down and her looking up, not sure how to react. I leaned in to kiss, and she reacted in-kind. We made out slowly, softly as the water fell on our bodies. I pushed her into the corner once again, and we continued to kiss as we washed each other's bodies. We both knew this wasn't going to last much longer, and we made the most of our time.
We toweled off quietly, mindful of the clock as it ticked toward 9:30 AM. As we kissed and dried, there was a knock at her bedroom door. She sighed sadly and nodded as she clothed. "Five minutes, then you go out the back and get to your car ASAP, ok?" I nodded, kissing her again. "When's your girl out of town again?" She asked softly.
"Like 3 weeks, I think?" I replied, unsure.
"We'll get a hotel room," she said quietly, tracing her fingers on my chest as she put her top on. "My mother will take the kids. I'll tell her I have a date." I blushed a little bit, still spent from our morning encounter.
"Ok, baby," I said, brushing her hair back as I kissed her once again.
She smiled and tossed her hair. "Think about me next time you're fucking your girl," she giggled as she slipped out the door and headed down the stairs before I could respond. The sad fact is that I probably would be thinking about her – whether I wanted to or not.
I sat on her bed and listened for them to leave, waited 5 minutes, and then headed out into the morning sun and back home, not sure what would happen next.