Disclaimer: All characters depicted are over the age of consent. This is not a pokephilia story, but does take place in the Pokemon universe. All sex acts are between humans.
*******
With great anticipation, you read the words Master had scrawled out on the piece of paper.
"Slut Challenge #1: Seduce a trainer in a relationship and obtain a video of him cumming on your face. Wear the outfit provided. No other rules apply. Accomplish the challenge however you see fit."
"Hmm..." You grin at the thought of getting to explore your newfound naughtiness with a stranger of your choosing. "But in a relationship?" You weren't sure how you were going to manage that bit, let alone how to determine if someone was not single. You glance over to see a folded stack of clothes resting on some flip flops. You examine the garments and identify a small crop top and a tiny pair of skin-tight shorts. "Well, these certainly won't hurt my chances," you think, placing the revealing outfit back on the table. To your delight, you notice your poke bag resting in the corner.
You decide to take a quick bath and ponder on the task ahead of you. As you scrub the stickiness from your skin, you hear a knock at the door. "Yes?" You inquire, feeling slightly anxious to be naked in this strange house alone.
A voice answers from the other side. "Good morning ma'am. This is Gerard. I took the liberty of preparing you breakfast. May I serve you now?"
"Um...Hi Gerard...I'm in the bath right now..." You reply hesitantly.
"My apologies, should I leave it out here or return later?" He responds.
"Why did he knock at the bathroom door anyway?" You think it's a little odd and wonder if he might be trying to sneak a peek or something. "Hmm, I am hungry, and I guess he's seen me naked already anyway, why not be a little risqué," you reason with yourself, feeling turned on at the thought of teasing the old man. "Actually, can you just bring it to me now?"
The door swings open. "Certainly, ma'am," he says, approaching the edge of the tub with a tray in hand. His eyes meet yours and he smiles warmly. You smile back in a sultry way. He places the tray down and removes the lid, revealing a tasty looking breakfast. "Will you be requiring anything else this morning?"
You swear you saw him glance at your cleavage resting above the soapy surface for a split-second. You get the urge to take the situation up a notch and rise to your feet, exposing your bare flesh from the waist up. You slowly walk over to the plate of food. "Ummm...I think I'm good. Thank you, Gerard."
His eyes run up and down your naked, dripping torso for a second, then meet yours again. "Very well. Please enjoy the meal, and don't hesitate to ring for me if you need anything at all," he states professionally, then turns and leaves the room.
Feeling flush and excited from your little exhibition, you start digging into your breakfast. As you munch on the delicious items, your mind wanders back to how your day might go. "I suppose if I look for a wedding band, then I know the dude is married. Otherwise, I guess I'll just have to ask somehow..." You finish eating and decide to get going, eager to explore outside and survey the surroundings.
You quickly dry off and head back to the bedroom where you put on the required outfit. You take a peek in the mirror and smile wickedly at your appearance. The top is obviously too small for you and leaves little to the imagination. It stretches across your tits, revealing ample cleavage, and only goes as far down as a few inches above your belly button. The shorts are of a thin, stretchy material, and barely cover your ass. You turn to admire the way your butt looks, and how the plump flesh where it meets your legs is clearly visible. All of your curves are on display, and you feel incredibly sexy.
You waste no more time, grabbing your bag and strolling out of the bedroom. You try to navigate the vast hallways, getting a bit lost, but eventually find the entry room and exit through the front door. The warm sun pleasantly tickles your skin as you proceed down the steps and to the front gate. The metal frame squeakily slides open approach, and you step out onto a cobbled path. There is a sign that reads, "Mahogany Estate", and another pointing down the road indicating, "Route 226 -> Wynndrum City".
"226 it is! I don't think I've ever been around here, but I've heard Wynndrum is pretty cool," you say to yourself. You make your way down the relatively quiet path, dodging a small group of kids playing, and blushing as you pass a woman who stares at you in disgust, clearly offended by your clothing, or lack thereof. Several uneventful minutes pass by, and you figure you may have to make it to the city to find a target. Then you see a young man in the brush off of the side of the road gawking at you.
"Hey babe! Damn, you're looking hot, girl!" He calls to you, taking a few steps in your direction.
"Hi!" You respond enthusiastically, hoping your search may be over.
He approaches closer, making no attempt to hide his ogling. "You wanna hang out or something?"
"Um...maybe. Do you have a girlfriend?" You ask him a bit awkwardly.
"Naw girl, can't tie this guy down," he responds arrogantly. "So how about it? Let's have some fun."
"No thanks, I'd better be going," you say.
"Aww, what? Come on...I'll show you a good time," he insists, peering hungrily at your cleavage.
"No...sorry..." You can't afford to get sidetracked and fail your first challenge, but the way this guy is rudely taking a shot at you and checking you out is making you kind of hot. "I'll give you a peek, but I really need to go, ok?"
"Alright then," he says, licking his lips.
You quickly survey your surroundings to make sure the two of you are alone and peel your skimpy top up. Your naked tits flop out, lightly bouncing a few times before standing proudly out of your chest.
"Fuuuuuck..." He mutters, gawking at your goods. You feel your pussy moisten as you stand there on display for a few seconds. "Let me touch 'em at least," he suggests.
"Nope, sorry," you say, quickly pulling your top back down. "Maybe some other time. Gotta go! Bye!" You turn and jog down the road, grinning. You think about how it would have been fun to let that jerk mess around with you, but you're glad to have saved the time so you can focus on your challenge. "At least I know this get-up is working," you think.
Your trek towards Wynndrum continues in silence for a while. "I guess everyone must be off the beaten path today," you reason. You soon see what appears to be a man crouching over another figure on the side of the road ahead. You jog towards them to investigate, and eventually reach a thin man tending to a fallen Pokemon.
"I'm sorry little guy. I didn't think that damn Seviper would bite so hard. I'll get you to a center as soon as possible." He comforts his damaged Vulpix, who looked like it had seen better days.
"Everything okay?" You ask.
"Oh hey, yeah...I just...fucked up and didn't bring any potions," he says, still fixated on his Pokemon. Your heart leaps as you notice a wedding band on his finger. You look through your bag and smile upon noticing that Master had kept his word. There were a handful of potions as well as a bunch of cash. You remove a bottle a hold it out in your hand.
"Here, you can have it," you offer. He finally turns to look at you and you think you actually see his pupils dilate.
"Oh! You sure? I was going to head back to Wynndrum anyway," he says.
"Of course, please take it. I'm always down to help a Pokemon in need!" You insist, a little embarrassed at how cheesy it came off.
"Sweet! Thanks, lady! I do feel bad having to walk back when he's all low on health..." He applies the potion and Vulpix springs back to life.
"Aww, he's so cute!" You giggle, bending to pet the adorable fire type. "Damn," you think, "This guy seems pretty wholesome. I don't know if this will even be possible, but I have to try." You ask him, "Well since we're both on our way to Wynndrum, why don't we go together? As a thank you to me?"
"Sure, why not!" He exclaims, rising to his feet and extending a hand to you. "I'm Tim." You shake his hand, making eye contact with him briefly, but he looks away. He's a bit taller than you and fairly attractive.
"Nice to meet you. I'm a trainer myself," you mention warmly.
"Cool! I wish I could spend more time on it. My wife thinks it's a wasteful hobby, and is always giving me shit about spending money on items, hence my predicament." He chuckles.
"Aw, that sucks. Pokemon training is the best!"
The two of you make small talk for a while, connecting through Pokemon. You learn that he's from the city, and lives with his wife of five years, with no kids. Like your initial impression, he does seem rather wholesome, but you think you catch him checking out your body a few times in the corner of your eye. You do your best to be friendly and build trust with him as you walk together. Eventually, you pass a pair of teen girls who immediately notice you. They glare at you as you stroll by, and after enough distance has passed you hear one shout, "Slut!"
You freeze up a bit at the remark, unsure of how to handle it. "Well that was rude," Tim says. "Can I ask you something though?"
"Sure," you answer.
"Doesn't that outfit kind of...well, I mean, I imagine people would bother you like that pretty often?"
You aren't sure what angle to take. You get the feeling that if you come on too strong right away, you might scare him off. "I mean, maybe...but maybe I like it? I dunno, do you think it looks bad on me?" You deflect, feigning innocence and stopping in your tracks to force him to look at you.
"Oh, well no. You look, uh, very attractive...It's just...it doesn't hide much," he stammers.
"Thanks! You are a very attractive man yourself, Tim." You fiddle with your top, stretching the fabric around and pulling it down to reveal more skin. "Don't you think my boobs look hot in this shirt though?"
He looks directly at them for a moment, then catches himself and averts his gaze. "Uhh...they do, yeah..." He takes another quick peek, clearly conflicted.
"So I figure why hide them, you know? I'm proud of my body."
"Yeah, I guess so..."
"Does your wife dress sexy for you?" You push it further.
"Not really..." He murmurs.
"No Pokemon, AND no enticing outfits to get you all worked up? Sorry, man, that sounds a bit dull...Excuse me for prying though. I don't mean to criticize your relationship." You try to politely steer the conversation.
"It's okay...I am happy with her, it's just...well you are a lot more open and stuff, which is cool. I think it's great that you are proud of your body. Sorry that girl called you that," he says awkwardly.
"It's fine...Can I tell you a secret?" You ask, figuring this is an opportunity to be bolder.
"Yeah, what?"
"Well...Her comment didn't really bother me, because...she's not entirely wrong..." You look at him suggestively.
"Huh?" Tim looks back quizzically.
"Just like how I'm proud of and open with my body, I'm not ashamed of the fact that I love sex."
"Oh, okay..." He looks around nervously. "I mean, that's cool too...sex is nice."
"You think so too?" You ask, attempting to encourage him to open up more.
"Well, yeah, of course," he agrees, looking back at you. You hope you've guided his mind to picturing you in a more erotic scenario. You run your fingers along the inside of your tight waistband.
"I hope I'm not over-sharing, but yeah, I tend to...get really horny...a lot."
He swallows. "Really?" You have his attention.
"Yeah...I can't control it. Whenever I see a hot guy like yourself, I get all wet down here..." You tug down at the front of your waistband, briefly flashing the mound of smooth skin above your pussy. He can't help but peek.
"You think I'm hot?"
"Yeah dude...As soon as I saw you, I got all tingly and moist...Is that bad?"
"No, I mean, I don't think so..." Tim's eyes drop to your crotch again. You sense that he is wrestling with a thought and remain silent to see if anything comes of it. "So, you're...wet...right now?"
"Mmmm...yeah, soaked, actually," you say in the sexiest way you can.
"Wow...cause of me?"
"Mhmmm..." You nod, dropping your hand and lightly running your fingers over the thin fabric covering your cunt. His gaze follows your hand and lingers longer this time. "Don't you ever get hard when you see a beautiful woman?"
"Ummm...I guess so..." He says guardedly.
"What about right now?"
"What?"
You move your eyes to the newly formed tent in his pants. He quickly adjusts himself nervously. "Sorry, I...We shouldn't be talking about this..."
"It's okay," you reassure him. "I was honest with you, it's fun to be open about it, and it's just between us." You move closer to him, ensuring he has the best possible view down your top. He takes the bait.
"Yeah? I mean, yeah, you were...honest...ummm..." He stammers. His eyes keep falling back to your chest, and his nostrils flare as he takes in your scent.
"So tell me, am I making you hard, Tim?" You ask quietly.
He surveys the road nervously again, and finally admits to you softly, "Yes, ok. Yes. You're making me so hard that it hurts. I can't help it. You're just so damn...hot."
You giggle at his confession. You think you may have finally gotten the poor guy. You lean into him, pressing your tits into his chest and whisper, "So what do you wanna do about it?"
"Uh, bad things..." He whispers back, swallowing.
"I bet you want to shove your hard dick into my dripping wet pussy and fuck me right now..."
"Ughhh...yeah...I mean no...maybe...but I can't," he fumbles his words, clearly conflicted and taking a step back from you.
You decide you're going to need to lure him out of the public space if you're going to get any further. "I get it. I'm not forcing you to do anything you don't want to do."
"It's not that I don't want to..."
"I know. I take it you've never cheated on your wife then?"
"God no. She is the only woman I've ever been with."
"Ever? Don't you wonder what you might be missing out on?"
"I don't know...maybe..."
"Like how it would feel to be inside of my tight little body?"
"Ughh..." You see his cock twitch in his pants.
"Can you at least help me out with something real quick? Again, I'm not going to force myself on you."
"Okay, what is it?"
"Follow me!" You exclaim, stepping off of the path in search of a more secluded area.
"Umm...Okay then..." He reluctantly follows. You think you've gotten him to a place where his dick is doing some of his thinking for him. Now you just need to dial it up and weaken his resolve the rest of the way. You step through some bushes and a few trees until you feel that you are far enough off of the path to not be heard nor seen. You find a small clearing surrounded by trees against a large, rocky hill.
"This is perfect," you think wickedly. "So, I really want some new photos of me in nature, and this is a beautiful spot, don't you think?" You ask, grinning at your own cleverness.
"Oh, you want me to take pictures of you?" Tim asks, looking a bit relieved.
"Yeah! Would you mind?" You pull out your phone and offer it to him.
"Sure!" He happily takes your device.
You trot over to a nearby tree and lean your back against it, placing your hands on your hips and sticking out your chest. "Does this look sexy?"
"Yeah..." He snaps some pictures.
"Please get multiple angles of each if you can. I want to have a ton of options."
He complies and moves closer, stepping around you and clicking at your phone. You adjust your top, scrunching it up as thinly as possible, so that it forms a skinny rope of cloth that only covers your nipples. The upper and lower flesh of your tits bulge out against the tight, micro-enclosure. He focuses on them immediately, taking pics as close as possible. You strike a few more poses, squeezing your breasts in your hands and mashing them together. You see the protrusion in his pants twitch multiple times, and he keeps adjusting it.
"Thanks!" You spin around, stretching your arms above your head and against the tree. You stick your ass out and look back at him with your best "Fuck me" eyes. "How's this?"
"Very hot..." Tim murmurs, strafing around to get the best angles. He seems to be loosening up a little, and you can hear his breath quickening.
"Make sure you get some close-ups of my butt. I think it looks great in these tiny shorts," you instruct, arching your back to accentuate your round ass as much as possible.
"It does," you hear him say under his breath. He crouches right behind you and carefully waves the phone around your backside, staring at it longingly the whole time.
"Oh, I know how to make this shot even hotter," you say, reaching back and grabbing the bottom of your shorts. You slowly peel the thin material up and over your flawless cheeks, until it resembles more of a strappy thong.
"Oh my god..." He mutters, mouth agape and practically drooling as he openly stares directly at your bare ass. You wiggle it up and down a little, as if to hypnotize him.
"Tim?" You snap him out of it.
"Huh? Sorry!" He quickly lifts your phone again and continues taking photos. You catch him squeeze his shaft over his pants. "He's gotta be aching with need by now," you think.
"Might as well go all the way, these are for my private collection after all." You hook your thumbs in the top of your bunched up shorts and slowly pull them down over your smooth skin until they drop to your feet. Your round ass is now fully exposed and your sweet, pink lips are on display right in front of his face. You seductively sway your naked lower half as he absent-mindedly taps at your phone, not even aiming it properly. He can't take his eyes off of you, and you see him desperately clutching his confined erection.
"Fuuuuck..." he sighs quietly. You very slowly slide your hands down the tree trunk and bend further at your hips, pushing your juicy slit out until it's an inch from his face. You can feel his heavy breath on it. You move a hand between your legs and start lightly stroking your cunt.
"Unnngghhh...." You moan, the pleasure hitting you immediately after all the build up of seducing this married man. "Ohhmmmm...Tim...do you like watching me play with my little pussy like a bad girl?"
"Mmmm...yes...you are so bad," he says lustfully.
"Have you ever seen such a naughty little slut?"
"Never...Oh my god you are driving me crazy..." He drops your phone, now openly strokes his bulge.
"Ohhh fuck...you know Tim, it wouldn't be cheating for you to jerk off.
"It wouldn't?"
"Of course not. You would just be pleasuring yourself. You do masturbate, don't you?"
"Well yeah...I guess you're right...As long as you don't touch it..." Still fixated on your nude form, he unzips his pants and frees his erection. To your surprise, it's much bigger than expected. He starts stroking his thick shaft up and down, drooling over the sight of you rubbing your dripping pussy in his face.
"Nnnnghh...Tim...That's a nice big cock you have...It must feel so good to finally give it attention..."
"Ohhh...yeahh...mmmm...you made me so insanely horny..."
"I can see that," you giggle. "Can you tell how drenched I am?" You spread your creamy lips for him.
"Yeah...It looks so slippery and good...Ohhffff..."
You stick your ass out a little bit more until your slick folds graze the tip of his nose. He loses control and snakes his tongue out, getting in one quick lick of your juicy sex.
"Ohhhmmmygohhhd Tim!" You moan.
"Sorry," he mutters, tightening his lips but not moving his head an inch.
"Don't be! Ughh, that felt so fucking good," you encourage his slip up.
"Yeah...?" He seems to want you to talk him into it. You realize he is fully jerking himself now, his breath quickening.
"Mhhmmm...Did I taste okay?"
"Ugh, yeah...so sweet...I shouldn't have done that though," he replies shamefully.
"She'll never know, Tim, it was harmless," you try and ease his anxiety, "And besides, when will you ever get another opportunity to sample a young, juicy love hole like mine?" You slowly buck your hips, easing back again and gently sliding your moist gash along his nose. You hear him take a deep breath in, immersing himself in your intoxicating aroma.
"Fuck...this is so wrong..."
"No...we're just tending to our bodies' needs. Nngh...we just happen to both be here," you argue, lightly rubbing your clit and brushing the bridge of his nose with your liquid need.
"Unngh..." Tim closes his eyes and moans, coated in your sweet scent, and firmly stroking his cock.
"Ohmm...watching you pleasure your big dick is making me ache. I bet it would feel so fucking amazing inside of me." You grind into his face a little harder. He doesn't pull back.
"Yeah...fuck..." You're clearly torturing him.
"God, I wish you would use me. I'm so soaking wet."
"Ugh, I know..."
"The warmth from your face feels really good, Tim..." He moans into your pussy. You notice a strand of precum hanging from his engorged head.
"You know what would feel even better though?" You ask teasingly.
"Mmmm...what?"
You lay it all out on the table, hoping to shatter the last of his control while he is most vulnerable. "If you stuck your huge cock into my tight cunt and fucked me hard right here like the needy slut I am!"
"Uggghhhh! FUCK IT!" He shouts, jumping to his feet and grabbing your hips in his hands. He plunges into you easily, your well-lubricated pussy eagerly swallowing his full length. He moans wildly as he roughly takes you, pounding you from behind and tightly clutching the flesh above your ass.
"Nnnnnghhhh! Tim! Fuck! You're gonna make me cum on your fat diiiiick!" Sure enough, an immensely satisfying tidal wave of pleasure crashes down on you. You worked so hard for this orgasm, and it was easily worth it. "FUUUUUUUUUCK!" You scream at the top of your lungs as your body shakes violently.
"Oh my god! Ughhh! I can't believe I'm doing this! Fuck! You are so fucking hot!" He grunts at you, clearly having the time of his life.
"Yes! Use me! Mmmmppff! You're big cock feels so fucking good!" His hands start exploring you, Tim realizing that he finally has free reign over your body and doesn't have to hold back anymore. He mauls your ass and firmly slides his hands up your torso, releasing your swinging tits from their confines and groping them ferociously. It feels amazing to have finally broken this man's will. To slowly chip away at him until he's reduced to this: a lust-driven shell of his former self, frantically pummeling you behind his wife's back. The thought alone makes you cum again.
"Unngh! You ARE a slut! Is this what you wanted!?" He shouts angrily, still ramming into you.
"AH! Yes! OH! I'm addicted - Ugh! - to cock!"
"You fucking tease! MMppf! I knew I shouldn't have followed you!"
"But you did!"
"Unngh! Couldn't help it...You're too fucking sexy!"
"So it's all my fault?" You challenge him, enjoying the heated exchange.
"Yes!"
"Bull shit! Admit it! Ugh! You thought about what it would be like to fuck me the moment you saw me!"
"Shit! No!"
"Uh Huh! I saw you checking me out!"
"So! Fuck! You dumb slut! How could I resist, with you in those skimpy clothes!"
"So you admit it!"
"UNNGGHH!" He slaps your ass in frustration.
"OHH!" You yelp. "Does my tight pussy feel good?"
"Grrff! Yeah!"
"Better than your wife's?" You jab at him aggressively.
"Fuck you!" He smacks you again.
"You're enjoying fucking my slutty body so much more!"
"Bitch!" He growls, slapping your red cheek a third time, making you scream in pleasure. He is fully hate-fucking you now, and you couldn't be loving it more. You feel like you're being pushed and pulled in so many directions. He grabs the rolled up shirt below your breasts and tugs hard at it while he slams you repeatedly against the rough bark of the tree trunk.
"Uggghh, YES! Take it all out on me! Break me with your big cock! OH! I'm gonna cum again!" Your stuffed cunt constricts around his length as you climax with intensity. He grabs your hair and pulls your spasming body towards him. Your torso curves as he bends your spine backwards in his tight grip, still sending ripples through your ass as he pummels it.
His moans intensify as he forcefully thrusts into you, and you suddenly remember the challenge.
"Tim! I want you to cum all over my face!" You plead through cries of lust.
"Your face? Ughhh! You slut!"
"Yes! Please cover my slutty face with your load. It's my favorite!"
"Fine!"
"And could you film it?"
"Mmmpf! Film it!?"
"Yeah! Grab my phone and record me getting painted with all your hot jizz. Please! No one will know it's you."
"Whatever, bitch! Okay! Fuck! I'm almost there!"
"Yessss! Ooohhmmm! Cum for me Tim!"
"Gahhhhh!" He swiftly pulls out of you and grabs your phone, pointing it and his throbbing cock at your face while he furiously jerks himself to completion. You spin around, falling to your knees, and look into the camera with an open mouth smile, sticking your tongue out in anticipation. He groans loudly as his swollen dick shoots thick, creamy ropes of semen directly at you. It coats your face and fills your mouth as you maintain eye contact with the lens, picturing Master watching you approvingly from the other side.
As Tim's orgasm subsides, you take his leaking manhood into your mouth and suck it lovingly. He throws his head back and shudders in delight. You then take his softening meat in your hand and use it to scoop the cum on your face into your mouth. He silently watches you in amazement as you swallow every ounce of his seed like a greedy cock slut. You blow a kiss into the camera and say, "Challenge complete, Master."
He taps on and lowers your phone, ending the video. "Master?"
"Oh, nothing..." You giggle. "Thanks, Tim. I reallllly needed that."
"Ugh...You're still a dirty bitch...but...yeah...that was fucking incredible," he admits.
"I'm glad you enjoyed me!" You say, rising to your feet. "And don't worry, no one will ever hear about this."
"I hope not...damn...I fucked up..." He lowers his head in shame.
"Nah, you were just helping a needy girl out," you console him, placing a hand on his chest and lightly stroking his balls with your finger tips.
"So...Are you still going to Wynndrum?" He asks, relishing your touch and lazily tracing his own fingers along your delicate ass.
"Uhhh, no. Change of plans. I'm going the other way now," you explain. "Why, were you hoping for some more action along the way?" You laugh and gently squeeze his sack.
"No...well...maybe..."
"Tim! You naughty, cheating man...Can't get enough of me now that you've had a taste?"
"Ugh, you're just so...enticing," he murmurs, taking full advantage of his last chance to explore your supple curves and smelling your hair.
"Well, I'm sure we'll bump into each other again someday. I'm not far," you say.
"I would love that. Thanks again for the potion, and the...well...you know..."
"It was my pleasure!" You wrap your arms around him and plant a kiss on his lips. "Bye!"
With that, you trot back towards the road, pulling your clothes back on as you go, and leaving the man undoubtedly dumbstruck with what had happened. You start the Journey back to the mansion gleefully, tits bouncing and face smeared with fresh cum.