In this story all names of the characters are not using their real names.
After the incident in Ch. 03 and also because I don't find other swimming pool like the one in Ch. 03 where the place is kinda deserted but well maintained, I never wear that boxer again whenever I swim. I switched to wear speedo pants. In case someone doesn't know it, it's a swimming pants for male that shaped like a male underwear. Somehow I found one which quite tight on the waist but it's loose on the crotch area. The reason why I wear speedo pants is because it's easier for me to pull out my dick under the water, simply slide where it covers my dick and that's it. Also, almost all male here swims wearing boxer so if I wear this one, I always get the attention that I expect but very low risk that the incident in Ch. 03 can be avoided because somehow it's a normal swim pants just no male would wear one in public swimming pool.
One thing that I really like about this pants is because it's loose on my crotch area also makes it really easy to show accidental dickslip. As I already become attention in the pool. I like to pull out the tip of my dick from the pants and walk pretending that I don't know about that. I also like to wear sunglasses and pretend to sleep on the pool bench, and pull out my dick, if I see some girls will walk in front of me, I pull it out more like half of the shaft and I really like to see their laughing together behind my sunglasses. One thing that I quite don't like is also because it's loose, it's really difficult to hide my boner.
One day while I was swimming I see there were 3 girls chatting on the other end of the pool, under the water, I pull out my dick and swam to those girls. When I arrived and about to swam back, one of them called me,
"Josh, Is that you?"
I was quite surprise that someone called me where the condition is my dick is fully out. The face was familiar but I didn't know her name,
"Yes, and you are...."
"Ashley, from high school, remember?"
"Oww, Ashley, yeah, how are you?"
"I'm good. I'm with my friends from my college, Dina and Gita." She introduced me to her friends.
"Hi, nice to meet you." They say.
That was really awkward for me, the condition was that I was standing in the pool where the water was as high as my stomach, with my dick was out of my pants and talking with someone I knew from high school with her friends both sitting on the side of the pool with their feet in the water made my dick erect. Most of the time I stood facing the pool wall but because Ashley was beside me, sometimes I also must stand facing her. I couldn't put my dick inside my pants while talking with Ashley and while I was talking with Ashley, I saw Dina and Gita were whispering and grinning while looking at me.
And about Ashley, when we were in high school, I actually was not really close with her, it's just I knew her name and she knew my name, in fact as I remembered we never talked but she was kind of extrovert girl. She talked and laughed really loud, and she was also nosy to her friends in high school. While talked to her in the pool, I felt she still had that personality, about her body, she is now a lot more attractive compared to when she was in high school. Ashley, Dina, and Gita are all Asian. They have typical Asian skin but for face, I think Ashley is the prettiest, she dyed her shoulder-length hair to be reddish and I guess she has 34 B boobs. Dina has long brown hair with biggest boobs among them, she was also the only one who worn 2 pieces swimsuit at that time. Gita has long black hair with similar size of boobs with Ashley.
After finish having about 10 minutes awkward conversation, I directly left them swam back to the other end of the pool and on the way back I heard Ashley scream, "WHAT? REALLY??"
I didn't saw her back and just continue and took all my belonging, went to bath room and went home. I was quite embarrassed since that was the first time I was flashing in front of someone I knew and I guess they all also knew my condition while talking with them.
A week after that, I received Facebook message from Ashley, she asked to meet up with her in a cafe. It was quite strange as I said earlier, we never that close as a friend but suddenly she wanted to meet up. The next day, I met her at a cafe where we already planned. We talked about 5 minutes then I asked her,
"So, what's up with this sudden meeting?"
"Well, directly to the point, are you an exhibitionist?" she asked.
I was suddenly frozen, my face was getting red, I didn't know what to answer. The fact that she was not a stranger made me confuse what to say. I was just about to open my mouth then she continued asking,
"Last time we met at the pool, Gita said your dick was out the whole time we were talking, is that true."
"Actually, it was accidentally a dickslip. My speedo was loose so while I was swimming my dick was accidentally out and when you called me, I couldn't put my dick back in my speedo because that would be an awkward movement I made while I talked to you. I let my dick out and hope you didn't see it. Turns out your friends that sat on the edge of the pool had a clear view of my situation at that time. I explained to her awkwardly.
"But she said your dick was erect? Did you like it? Hahaha" She teased me.
"I didn't know, I couldn't control it, Haha" I answered her awkwardly.
"So, the reason why I ask to meet you here is because Gita would like to invite you to her cottage. There is a beach close to her cottage and it's clothing optional there. You know the culture of our people that public nudity is taboo here, right? So even in that clothing optional beach, she rarely sees fully naked male. Mostly only topless female foreigner, sometimes naked male foreigner but never our local people. So if it's true that you're an exhibitionist, she is interested to meet you there. You don't need to hide your dick. Hahahaha." She explained.
"What we will do there? Only me and her?"
"Of course not, I will also join, including Dina, the other girl you met at the pool. Also Gita will ask one of her male friend, you will not be a male alone there."
"What? You also join? Are you okay being in clothing optional beach?" I was a bit surprised.
"Yes of course, It's new to me, I'm also a bit interested with you, HAHAHAHA." She teased me again.
"So what do you think? Next week? I will share the beach location. It's quite far from here but it will be worth. We can directly meet at the beach." She said.
So I'm okay with the invitation. The whole week I couldn't focus on everything I was doing. I was too excited to go to the beach, especially it's a clothing optional beach with some hot girls.
The day finally comes, Ashley with her friends were already going since Friday night, I followed them the next day. I drove my car to the location where Ashley sent to me. It was quite far, it took 3 hours driving to arrive to the beach. I finally there and text Ashley asking where she was.
While waiting her reply I observe the surrounding area. It's true that there is a clothing optional sign there but I didn't see anyone naked. Almost all female there were wearing bikini, yes the bikini was just covering their nipple and pussy lips, their back were wide opened but no one was totally naked. However I didn't suspicious at all at that time, my exhibitionist desire was too strong that I couldn't wait to strip naked and meet them.
Ashley replied my text with her location. she said they were behind big rainbow umbrella. I was really excited, my heart was beating really fast. I stripped all of my clothes, got out of my car, I only brought my phone and my key car with me and nothing else, not even footwear. I was getting even more excited because I was the only one that naked at that time and all people were staring at me, some girls were whistling as I walked passed them. My dick was getting hard and with my unshaven pubic hair, making me become the attention there.
I followed the location that was sent by Ashley, there were a sand dunes separating the parking area and the beach and as I walked up the sand dunes, I saw 4 big rainbow umbrellas and I believe they were all behind it.
I approached them, I walked faster and when I passed the umbrella, I jumped a bit and scream with a smiling face full of excitement "Hi guys!"
Suddenly my smiling face frozen and my eyes wide opened and I was really shocked that none of them were also naked.
All the girls were wearing the swimsuit that they worn back when we met at the pool and the boy, Gita's friend was wearing boxer, they were laying down sunbathing.
Ashley was the one who greet me. "Hi Josh, wow you look great!"
They were all sitting up with a big smile in their face and I was really embarrassed. I saw they tried to act normally but they couldn't they kept staring my naked body especially my unshaven hard dick at that time. I was confused I didn't even say a word until Ashley broke the awkward sillence. "You really come naked here. Hahaha"
"You said it's a clothing optional beach and you wanted to meet me here and here I am the only one naked?" I said with a bit confusion.
"Yeah it's a clothing optional beach, there is an optional to wear clothes or not, it doesn't mean we must naked Hahahah. She said while laughing together with others.
Ashley introduced Gita and Dina again and Gita introduced her male friend, Bob whose turns out a bit sissy and looked like really enjoying my nudity.
After about minutes there I was hiding my dick with my hands, Bob said "Josh, relax, we're in clothing optional beach, you're allowed to be naked here and we've seen your hard dick. What are you hiding? Haha" with his sissy tone.
I asked permission to them to get back to my car and put some clothes on but all of them were saying what Bob just said.
Gita asked me, "Before I asked you to come I asked Ashley to ask you if you're an exhibitionist or not, right? You wouldn't come here naked if you're not, why are you so embarrassed now? Don't you like it?"
"Ashley, did you plan me to be like this?" I asked Ashley
"To be like what?" she doesn't understand.
"To be naked alone like this." I said.
"What? You are the one who come naked. I never said we would be naked, I said it's a clothing optional beach and that's it. Hahaha" She said.
At that time I realized how stupid I was. I remembered about all that Ashley said. It's true that it's clothing optional beach as what she said but she never said she would be naked, I never asked her too. It was my own mind that trapped me in that situation. I was getting really embarrassed and excited at the same time being in that situation and didn't know what to do.
"Come on, Josh, relax, enjoy the beach." Ashley said.
After about 30 minutes, I was getting used to the situation as we keep joking and the taunts to me was getting less and less. I didn't hide my dick too, it was open for everyone to see. They even asked me to walk along the beach, we played beach volley while I was the only one naked and becoming the center of attention there. There was no sex at all and I really enjoyed my nakedness and of course not just me, but those who looked at my nudity.