*This is my first erotic story I ever wrote. My stories are usually based on fantasies that I enjoy and would like to experience. Hope you enjoy it.*
* * * * *
It was another bright sunny day in the hills, I had driven up to our cabin for the weekend to do some maintenance. With the start of summer approaching, I needed to clear foliage and long grasses ready for fire season. I had worked hard on Saturday getting it all done in a day, leaving Sunday free for "me" time.
It was nice to get away from the family just for some freedom. I like being nude but my family doesn't have the same understanding of it. And being nude for me has two levels, first is the simplistic version of nudity, the removal of restrictions, freedom and the beauty of the body. The second level takes a more sexual view of nudity, that of an exhibitionist and voyeuristic intentions, and showing of intentions. It's hard to hide attraction (an erection) and easy to show intention (touching of pleasure zones).
With the sun rising, waking up nude and saluting the warm sun from my cabins balcony I could tell the town was still sleepy. Not being summer yet a lot of holiday cabins were still empty so I was safe for now out here nude.
I thought to myself, is this my chance? I have always wanted to run the track behind my cabin up to the peek, nude.
Even in summer, very few people walked the track back there because it was not marked, only locals really used it when the main track was full of tourists.
As a regulator runner, I can run the track quite easily, but adding nudity to it was a thrilling idea. Free and exposed through the bush, single track, very few places to hide if others come along. As I stood there on my deck, my cock started to rise with anticipation.
But then as always, the negative thoughts came, the risks, the what if's.
What if someone caught me?
Would they just smile?
Would they laugh?
Would they call the cops?
Nude guys face the most risk, we don't normally get a good reaction from the public. When was the last time you heard of a girl getting in trouble with public exposure? Guys would just smile and look at a nude girl I am sure, but you put a nude guy near them and "ew".
I went back inside to put on my running shoes and to counter these concerns I took a pair of light running shorts. A pair that I could scrunch up to carry in one hand, but that was loose enough to pull on over my shoes if caught. I know this makes it less daring but it's a long way to the peek.
I stepped outside, slowly I look around and make it down the path from my cabin to the dirt road that leads to the track. I look down at what I am doing, my cock flopping around free and erect at the thought of what I am about to try. I pause at the letterbox and hold my hard self in my right hand, feeling my cock pulse with excitement at being exposed in public. I give it a few rubs to take in the good feelings then let it go as I start running.
At first, it's hard to get a rhythm going, my cock swinging around, my balls slapping my inner thighs. But as I turn off the dirt road and start the path I relax a bit more. Trying to do my normal running technique of finding my pace with the rhythm of my footsteps and breathing.
As I settled into a pace I could still feel my genitals slapping about, maybe more so now that my initial erection had eased and my penis could move about more freely. It wasn't a bad slapping but it did have a numbing effect on it all, as I passed the first-kilometer mark I was less aware of what my genitals were doing.
At the 2nd kilometer mark I was breathing hard as I worked my way up the hill, and as the sun was higher now the day was getting warmer. Sweat was starting to bead from my forehead and for the first time a new sensation was starting around my testicles, I could feel them cool from sweating! Normally in their comfy jocks and shorts they would keep warm and sweat into them, but today I could feel them being cooled as the air rushed over them as I moved. It was a fresh and exhilarating feeling, the cooling sweat beads made my balls tingle.
With this fresh feeling about my balls, I started to slow, deciding to maybe enjoy myself a little. I slowed to a walk, using the slower pace to feel and touch myself. Bringing some sexual feelings to my balls as I cup them with my left hand, I can feel them cool from my sweat. They start to react and change size from the warmth from my hand, my testicles have a great reaction to different temperatures. They shrink when cold and hang so low when hot and free.
I drop my emergency shorts on the ground from my right hand to take hold of my cock, holding tight and squeezing it along the shaft, helping the blood return to it after been slapped about while running. Its reaction is quick too, firming to an erection as my mind and body remember I am now nude in the middle of the bush. Surrounded by beautiful trees and natives grasses, sounds of birds and nothing else.
My walk slows to a stop as I start to enjoy myself more, I start to slowly stroke my cock as I hold my balls tight. My breathing as slowed from running but now is deeper as an erotic feeling takes over. The sun falling over my body as I stand in the middle of the track alone. It warms my bum and back, it's a lovely feeling.
I stroke my cock enough for it to start producing pre-cum, the sweetest juice that is fun to taste. Just wish I had a female with me to taste it. But I don't want to cum just here, I want to enjoy myself for the whole run and then close to the end, the riskiest part, cum in the open.
Starting to move again, my erection super hard from my fondling is a little uncomfortable being slapped about, so I start slower with just a walk, just allowing my erection to ease.
As I enter a slow jog my mind returns to being aware of my surroundings. I have to remind myself I am nude and in the bush on a public track.
Just then I hear other footsteps, someone running this way. I look up the track, up the hill, oh god!
I see someone coming down the track, they are on the switchback above me. I panic and with not looking up to make eye contact with them I sprint to the next tree and pull on my shorts. As I pull them up and my cock slips under the elastic band, I look up in panic. They are just in front of me running this way.
She makes eye contact with me, smiling at me as she passes, I am just standing there looking dumb, panicked and sweaty. But she just keeps running past and down the track, I look back but she does not. With my heart racing, I just stand there in relief.
She was obviously a regular runner too, with passing me at a good pace, well-worn running shoes and loose running shorts. The big stand out though was that she was only wearing a bright orange running bra on top. That bra and her long free blond hair stuck in my mind.
Surely she saw that I was nude and rushed on my shorts!? What did she think of that? I just looked up and down the track wondering what I should do next. I know that I wanted to finish my run but should it be with shorts or stay nude? At this point I had almost made it to the top, I really wanted to finish the run nude. But maybe I should wear the shorts back down.
And that's what I did, pulling my shorts off for the last time, I start to run fast to the top, only a 1 kilometer left. I rushed to the top, wanting to achieve half of my goal. I slowed a little as I approached the peek just to be sure no one was there; then once happy it was clear I rushed to the peek and gave a nude jump for joy. Happy with myself that I had made it to the top nude with only one scare.
Coming back down the track I pulled on my shorts. Running along normally now, a little more relaxed with the shorts on and with only a few kilometers left to the road, I see the same girl that passed me/caught me. She is just sitting on a log next to the track looking down the track towards me. As I approach she stands up to greet me.
I slow and start to feel a panic rush over me, my face goes red, but being hot from running helps cover it. I slow to a stop just in front of her, getting a better view of her now, her hips having a sexy curve and her breasts squeezed into her tight orange bra. She flashes a cute smile at me and greets me with "Hello".
"Hello, a nice warm day for a run," I say smiling back, laying a breadcrumb of an excuse for being nude; too hot.
"It's such a great track to run alone and free" she shoots back. I blink "free" in my mind, OMG she did see me nude?!
"Yes" breaking eye contact, trying to give myself time to think of a response. But guessing I have already been caught I play the cheeky response. "There is nothing better than running free in the bush, how was your run? Did you make it to the peek?"
"My run was OK, I did make it to the peek through. The best part was passing you," she says winking at me. I just melt and go embarrassed.
"Oh, you saw that?" I say looking at the ground.
"Yes, it looked like fun. I have always wanted to try naked running through the bush. Never been brave enough though." She said confidently.
I thought I was confident running nude but talking about it with the opposite sex is another thing. I looked up at her eyes shyly and found her eyes looking back at me naughtily.
She continued "As a girl running alone naked I feel vulnerable. I thought you could help me feel safe while we run together?".
I paused, I was so surprised, so shocked. My mind raced at a million miles and my groin, well it just took off on its own, growing quickly in my loose shorts. I tried to keep my eyes locked on hers, to keep her from looking down and finding my reaction to her request. I could feel my cock pushing hard on my shorts making a tent.
My tactic did not work, she broke eye contact and looked down. Her reaction, a big naughty smile. She broke the silence and answered her own question. "I take your reaction as a yes to running with me, hay," she said with a wink. I just stood there with my big erection and mouth open in amazement. Letting this stranger answer my wildest fantasy was a good default reaction if I was in any state other than total shock my shyness and embarrassment would have got the better of me.
She locked eyes with me again as her arms raised up, at first, I did not know what she was doing but then it became very clear. She grabbed the bottom of her orange sports bra and slowly pulled it up and over her head. Slowly revealing her gorgeous breast, her nipples flicked out from under the bra, being freed from the tight material revealed how erect and pink they were. My eyes just locked on them until my gaze was broken with an orange flash, she tossed her bra to me and told me to hold it. I took it in my hand, it was hot and sweaty, sexy running sweat.
Then in a flash, she grabbed at the sides of her shorts and started to push them down. They must have been sweaty too, the material between her legs was stuck up against her pussy. As she paused I could clearly see her bald pubic mound and visible slit. It was amazing, the sun now shining through the trees illuminating her soft intimate areas, with a small glistening of sweat on her breasts and pubic mound.
She spread her legs a little to free the fabric of her shorts, it was clear it had worked its way between her pussy lips. And with a shake of her hips, her shorts were free and around her ankles, missing one thing, panties. She lifted up one leg to grab her shorts off her foot, at the same time giving me an amazing view of her pussy lips, they were peeking out from her slit. They looked aroused if you can take any indication of arousal from the female body, hard nipples and pussy lips that have become swollen. I almost held out my hand to offer to hold her shorts for her, wanting to test her shorts for a sweet wet spot from her pussy. But she scrunched them up in her own hand like I had done with my own as a backup if caught.
I could not believe what was happening, my heart was racing. I was in a total state of arousal and shock, my cock felt like it would burst it was so hard.
"Are you ready?" she asked with a smile, nodding down to my shorts.
"Yep," I said quickly, pushing my shorts off. My hard cock flicking loose of the elastic as I pushed them down. I look up at her as she happily smiles at my cock. "Let's go," I said as I gestured down the trail. My mind was catching up with what was happening now, it was filling with glee and ideas of how to use this once in a lifetime chance. At this point I wanted to follow her, I wanted to watch her cute bum cheeks bounce and wobble as she ran. Giving myself a chance to take in her fit body and what was happening.
My hard cock bounced up and down as I jogged up behind her. It was a bit unconformable but the view of her running in front of me was so stimulating. Her bum shining in the morning sun looked amazing. It jiggled in such a cute way when she jumped over rocks and down the steps of the path. I could only imagine what your firm breasts were doing while she ran. That was my next thought, I need to get next to or in front of her to get a view.
Picking up the pace I came up really close behind her now, I could hear her panting as she moved along. Her bum cheeks only an arms reach away from me now. Up ahead on the track I could see it get wider, my chance to run alongside her. As the track widened I made my move up to her side, looking over to my side as I did. The view of her breasts was what I imagined, it was a rhythmic dance of breasts jumping up and down, her nipples pointing out. With each step she took they bounced, sometimes in the same direction as each other, other times going to the sides or around in big circles. They looked amazing but I did wonder if that was an uncomfortable feeling for her.
I broke eye contact with her breasts to look at her eyes, she apparently had the same idea as me, taking in the view of my hard cock bouncing up and down. "Is it comfortable running topless?" I finally asked confidently.
"No" she giggled, "It's hard to run any faster than this. What about for you?"
"It's OK but it does go a bit numb after a while. A bit easier when it's not erect from a view like your body." I winked back. She just smiled back and gestured for me to take the lead on the narrowing track. I stepped forward in pace, looked forward again and focusing on running down the track. We were getting closer and closer to the end of the track. I did not want this to end, I did not how to end this also. It was now mid-morning and surely people had started to move about the town or going for walks along this track. What to do?
I slow to a walk with 500 meters to go to the road. You can see the road at this point but not really see up to us on the track. She stops behind me and as I turn I find myself face to face with her. Her body covered in a light sweat same as mine after that run. Her nipples still erect and my cock still semi hard even after the slapping about from running. Taking in her body so close gives me a rush of blood to my groin, my mind yelling at me to touch her.
I see a drop of sweat forming on her breast and take the chance to collect it and hold one of her breasts. I raise my left hand up to her right breast and with my thumb wipe sideways at the bead of sweat, my fingers cup up under her beast to hold it, taking/feeling the weight of her. It was hot, with cooling sweat
"That was a good run, but my breasts are aching now." Raising her own hands to her breasts, pushing my hand in firmer, while lifting her own breasts up taking the pressure off them. Pausing for a moment before she lets them go, allowing them to bounce back to their normal position and causing the palm of my hand to now to rest over her nipple. I could feel how hard it was.
"I think your breasts need a massage to release the aching," I said as I raised my other hand to her free breast. Cupping it and taking the weight of it for her. It was so erotic standing there both naked in the open and holding her body. She just smiled and stepped closer, allowing me to get a better hold of her breasts, letting me grab and squeeze and pinch at them. Giving the best massage of her breasts as one can do standing up. My erection at full hardness now, my cock pulsating from all the blood rushing to it.
But then I could feel her moving her arms, searching around my hips, brushing around with her fingers. She took hold of what she was looking for, cupping my balls with one hand and the other taking a firm hold of my cock's shaft. I jumped a little when she squeezed my cock on contact, bringing the pleasure of touch back to my numb cock from all the slapping of running. I could also feel how sweaty my balls were in her hand. As she increased her rubbing of my cock I lowered one hand down to her pussy. I wanted to know how sweaty and wet it had become.
I slowly brushed my fingers over her outer lips at first. Just finding the shape of her slit and running my fingertips along them slowly. She gave a little jump as one of my fingers slipped between her lips and found her clit. Her body shook as I explored her sweaty and already wet pussy. She had her eyes closed at this point, just enjoying my hands all over her naked body. I was enjoying it too but kept one eye on the track, we were still naked and exposed on this public bush track. I started to slip one finger into her hole, just teasing it deeper each time.
It was now a spider web of arms between us, all rubbing, squeezing and enjoying each other's naked, hot, horny and sweaty bodies. And after checking the track one more time, I raised the one breast I had I my hand, pushing her erect nipple up to my tongue. I flicked it with my tongue for a reaction and got one, her hips thrusting into my other hand rubbing her pussy. I started sucking on her nipple, I wanted to taste the sweat off it. It was a rewarding taste of saltiness and a firm sensitive nipple that resulted with a squeeze of my balls as I sucked it more. Her other hand just slowly rubbing up and down the shaft of my cock. Pre-cum dripping from the tip now, with my entire cock just pulsating.
The palm of my hand was now also wet from the juices of her pussy. My fingers had been in and out of her pussy a few times now, fucking her hole with two fingers at a time. She gave sweet little moans each time I drove them deep inside of her. And each time I rubbed and pinched her clit she would thrust her hips with enjoyment. She was getting really worked up now and my own cock could not take much more before I would cum everywhere. So, I made a move, I have always wanted to taste a pussy covered in sweat from running. So I lowered myself down her body pausing to taste the other nipple on the way down.
As I knelt before her with my face level with her pussy, I used the one hand still in her pussy to push her legs a little wider as I started to push my face up against her pussy.
She was so wet that my face was instantly covered by her pussy juices. It was an amazing taste as I pushed my tongue up between her lips. My tongue now searched for her clit. I left my fingers still deep inside her pussy while my tongue licked and teased at her clit. Her pussy tightening around my fingers with each lick. But soon her body became tight for moments at a time, then relaxing again. I could feel her pussy now tighten more around my fingers, she was getting close to cumming. Her hips pushing into my face harder, she was about to cum and cum hard.
She held onto the back of my head now, pushing my face deeper into her. As she held me she let out a loud moan as her body started to shake with a hard-focused orgasm. "Oh god," she yelled as waves of pleasure rolled over her. Her pussy pulsating with pleasure around my fingers that were now pushed deep inside of her. My tongue trying to stay in contact with her clit as her hips shook with pleasure. Her body pulsated with pleasure, she moved her hips away from my tongue as she could not take it anymore. She just stood there for a moment as her body shook with orgasm there in the open, naked with a stranger.
As her orgasm faded she stepped back from me, releasing my fingers from her pussy. As she remade eye contact with me I licked her sweet pussy juices from my fingers while she watched with a face of pleasure. She just stood there is a haze of pleasure, her pussy dripping wet down her legs in the open air on that bush track.
I took this pause to stand up and walk around behind her, lining up between her bum cheeks, my cock pointing to what it wanted to try. I stepped up close behind her, my hard cock pushing down between her bum cheeks. Her reaction was to bend over and that's what I wanted, I wanted her to bend over so I could fuck her wet tight pussy from behind. I grabbed at her bum cheeks and spread them to get a great view of her pussy. Still dripping wet from her own orgasm.
I grabbed my own cock and start teasing its head along her slit, rubbing it against her clit and along her lips to her open pussy hole. I couldn't wait and pushed my cock slowly into her pussy. We both let out a soft moan as I entered her. I keep pushing until she took the full length of my hard cock, her super wet pussy letting it slip right in deep. Once the full length of my cock was deep inside her I just paused there, enjoying the moment, the warmth and wetness inside this strangers' pussy.
With my cock, deep inside I start to fuck her slowly, in and out with long strokes. Her pussy making wet juicy sounds as I pump my cock deep inside her. I look down at my cock as it came out, it was just covered in her juices. With that view, I start to fuck her harder, holding her hips as my hips slap against hers. Fucking the stranger in the open was amazing. She gave out little moans of pleasure as she also starts to enjoy having a cock inside of her.
I am not sure if she thought about it but my unprotected cock was getting close to cumming deep inside of her. Maybe it was that she did not have long enough to think about it, because I did not last long in that wet tight pussy of hers. It has been a morning of constant teasing of my cock, hot pussy licking and now with it wet and deep inside of a strangers pussy it was time to release.
I made some final hard and deep thrusts inside of her pussy and then let out a loud moan of my own as I cummed deep inside of her. I can feel the cum squirt deep inside of her, loads of it, it has been a few days since my last cum so this would have been a big load. As my cock pulses, deep inside of her pussy, I held her hips tight around it. Enjoying my final moments inside of her pussy before I slowly pull out and look for my cum to drip out. My cock still hard as it was released from her pussy, a drop of cum at the tip and the shaft covered in her glorious juices. Her pussy looks wet and used as I stepped back. It glistened in the sun.
Her reaction to me cumming deep in her pussy was mixed. She had enjoyed having my cock deep inside of her, being fucked in the open by a stranger. But she had been so caught up in the moment she forgot someone was cumming inside her. She stood up and turned to face me with a concerned face.
"Oh my god, that was amazing", she said with a straight face, "but I can't believe you cummed in me. I am not on any birth control."
"Oh, I am sorry, I got carried away but it is OK. I promise I have had a vasectomy. Promise" I said with a smile.
"You sure?" she said with a semi-relieved face. "Positive," I said.
And with that, she looked relieved again and started to reflect on what just happened. Standing there looking shocked, used and relived.
"My god that was good, I have never done anything like that before. Thanks" she said as she starting to look around again. "Me too! That was an amazing run and fuck!" I said with a huge smile as I bend over to pick up both our shorts and her bra. As I turned around to give her back her shorts, I found her squatting down and looking down between her own legs. Just as my cum started to drip from her used pussy. Some dripped down to the ground but the last little bit slid a little down the inside of her leg. But she did not flick it off she just took her shorts and pulled them on over it, letting it soak into them.
"Thanks," she said again as her shorts once again hid her sweet and sweaty pussy from view. "This was so fun. I am glad I got to try it with you. Maybe I will see you again on the trail?" with a wink and hand out gesturing for me to pass back her bra. I hesitate to give back the bra, not wanting this all to end. "No problem, really hope to catch you again," I say back smiling. I pass back the bra and hurriedly pull back on my own shorts.
"Do you live here or have a holiday house like me?" I ask as we start to walk back to the road.
She just smiled and kept walking as she said: "Yes, just a bit further up from your house".
"What? From my house?" I said surprised.
She turned around to look at me and said, "I saw you leave your house this morning".
"Oh, you cheeky thing!" I flashed back red-faced.
"You were very brave to do it," she said back, "I will keep an eye out for you next time I am here."
And with that, we reached the road and she jogged off, up the very road my house was on. I watched her as she jogged off and turned into her house that was only three away from my own.
Was this over? Should I follow her?