I was waiting on her again! It was the night of our Christmas party. We had just finished Thanksgiving. Seemed kind of soon to start holiday parties but, here we were. Unlike other evenings I was showing more patience because of how much she looked forward to all the sparkle and glitz of the holidays.
After last year being a complete bust from the quarantine, my wife was determined that this holiday season would be one to remember.
She had found the perfect dress and heels. I knew whatever she wore I would have to endure other men lusting for a piece of her. At 5'7 with long blonde hair and the most piercing deep blue eyes. She has the most genuine smile and personality that can make anyone feel like they are the most important person in the world.
Her small frame supports the cutest little tits with nice pert nipples. A very nice small tight little ass is what you'll find when your eyes wander up her long legs. But, that's the outside of Candy. That's not the best part of this treasure. Imagine, a piece of Candy that has many layers of different sweetness. The more you suck on that candy the more flavors are revealed. It was at this Christmas party that more of these delicious flavors would be revealed to me.
Just as I was about to call for her one last time, I looked up. I couldn't help but want to lay her down on the stairs and fuck her right there.
My mind was seeing her in slow motion capturing every sway of her hips and toss of her hair as she sashayed down the stairs to me. It was a very simple satin red mini dress that clung to her body, covering just the bottom of her lovely ass.
Her hard little nipples were apparent with the perfect amount of cleavage showing under the cowl neckline that draped across her chest. Those blonde curls and pale white skin was such a beautiful contrast to the red she was wearing. I ran my hand across the back of her dress realizing my good fortune. This little nymph had purposefully forgotten her panties.
I pulled her to me and ran my finger just under her dress across her little slit revealing just how fucking wet she was. She pulled away, took my hand, brought it to her mouth sucking her wetness off the very finger that had just fucked her.
Now if Candy is anything, she is a terrible cock tease! She loves to get it so hard I could cut diamonds and then make me wait for it. I felt in the spirit of holiday cheer, she should let me fuck her at least once before we left the house. But, Candy had other designs.
She had conquered her current quest of making me lust for her and she intended on keeping my appetite strong for the evening. Quickly changing the subject Candy began grilling me, "do you have the wine for the host?" "What keys did you grab?" "where's my red coat?"
I reminded her of her lack of undergarments to which she told me, "I have them in my purse and I promise to put them on before we get out of the car but surely you don't want me walking into the party all stimulated and aroused do you?"
No, of course I would never want her to endure the same torment she inflicted upon me..hahaha.
I knew what she wanted because this wasn't my first holiday party with her! I opened the car door and got her situated. By the time I made it around to the driver's side, she had laid her seat back just enough and had her dress hiked up around her waist as to not get her impending orgasm I was about to give her on her party attire.
Driving down the road I reached over and pulled the thin strap on her shoulder down to expose her taut nipple. God, it looked so enticing. She was already so primed.
It didn't take long to get her there. She took my hand and traced it down the front of her body riding it gently like a wave, spreading her legs when my hand approached to give me all the access I needed.
She was slick and wet and God I had such a desire to pull the car over and make her cum all over my face. I love when a woman shows no inhibitions and truly enjoys riding my face letting me taste all the wetness
With no place to pull over and feeling that little cunt so close to cumming I shoved my fingers in and out of her. Her moans started softly and became more intense until she cried out making me both proud and jealous at the same time.
As I pulled my hand from between her legs she asked in both a flirtatious and apologetic way, "is this just mean?" as she rubbed my wet hand across her nipples. "I've been a very good girl Santa and I just want daddy to lick the taste of my pussy off my tits." She teased...
It was the most erotic mean I've ever felt. I found a parking place down the street from the home we were going to. Candy came out of her seat to straddle me in mine. "Just a little taste before we go in??"
She smelled so good and I could taste that delicious scent on her nipples as I sucked them making those tits nice and hard and her all horny again. This time I stopped our progress.
She began sprucing herself up; fixing her hair, makeup, and her dress and yes, pulling that tiny little pair of panties from her purse to cover her little ass.
We were greeted at the door by our host, Gary and Laura. Gary is a nice looking older man that I worked with. He's very outgoing and he could put on a great holiday party. Now his wife was quite honestly hot!! She was a sexual goddess. She's a bit younger than him with gorgeous thick black hair and very large breasts for the tiny frame she had.
We all exchanged hugs and kisses and made our way into the party. We found our way to the bar and I ordered a captain and coke and Candy had a vodka sunrise.
Gary's home is very large. The house was decorated to the hilt with trees and decorations everywhere. We could hear a band playing out by the pool.
Maybe it was due to couples being quarantined during the holidays last year but the energy and spirit everyone possessed just oozed excitement.
Ladies donning nothing but a g-string and red tassles on their nipples were serving 0rdourves. I was deep in conversation with this waitress telling me everything she's willing to serve. I found my little fella trying to break through my pants at her suggestions when Gary approached.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" Gary asked...
"Gary, this party is what EVERYONE has needed after the past year"..
He went on to tell me that the after party starts around midnight. He said he has a few friends that might be a little offended by what goes on but he would really like Candy and I to stay.
"So, what goes on after midnight? "it's a Christmas surprise". He said
Candy was talking with Gary's wife, Laura when I interrupted them.
"Candy, did you know there is an after party that starts around midnight? Gary would like us to stay"
Candy smiled, "honey, Laura and I have been working on this after party for weeks. Of course, we are staying".
I found myself checking my watch often. I thought the party so far was over the top and exciting but to suddenly find out my wife had been planning a "erotic after Christmas party and keeping it a secret?" I knew this meant she had something very special planned and I also knew I was going home a very satisfied man.
It was after 11 and the band was still playing strong. Guests were really coming out of their comfort zones.
Girls were dancing with each other and it seemed they had taken to having a contest to see who could drive the men wild. I was listening to some guys talk when one couple in particular caught my attention.
Candy and Laura were dancing together rubbing their bodies together. I along with most men wished to be stuck between them as they carried on. Laura glanced towards me and saw she had my attention. She took her hand and ran it up the inside of Candy's thigh as she moved sensually to the music.
Laura stared deep into my eyes wanting to keep my attention. Certain she had it, she pushed her hand up between candy's legs, causing candy to moan and gyrate. Candy was smiling and enjoying the pleasure. All I could wonder was ..."how could this night get any better?
With midnight nearly here, I saw Gary saying goodbyes to a few guests. Awhile later Laura got the remaining guests attention. "Our hostesses are coming around passing out holiday masks.
We ask that you put them on and then make your way to the east side of the house. We have set up themes in every room. Our holiday gift to our friends is that you enter each room with an open heart and partake in every fantasy each room has to offer. Of course, there may be some things you feel is not your cup of tea but for tonight, say no to nothing! Enjoy the pleasure of everyone and everything offered."
Excitement and nerves were taking over. Remember, I told you that my wife is like one of those pieces of candy, (no pun intended) that has many flavors? To come to the realization that my nymph helped design the fantasy themes at this party told me this would be the best night of my life!
The first room we went into there were several beds. There were lots of the hostesses that had lost the tassels that were on their nipples earlier and their panties.
There were two on each bed. One took candy's hand and escorted her to a bed. She looked back and nodded for me to follow as well.
I saw other wives /girlfriends being taken to other beds and their partners following them. That was as far as my attention followed the other guests.
I was to entuned with what was going to be happening on our bed. These beautiful girls were slipping off Candy's dress. I thought perhaps I saw a little nerves but I must have been mistaken. She eagerly pulled down the straps of her dress and pulled one of the girls mouth to her tit.
As Candy was enjoying one sucking her tit, the other girl was between her legs pulling her panties down. The girl spread Candy's legs, pushed them back and then looked back at me so I could see her pussy spread for this other woman. This had always been my number one fantasy. When I saw her face disappear between my wife's legs, I nearly came! Candy instantly came.
The room was full of moans not only from my wife but from all the ladies and the men watching.
As Candy was cumming down from her orgasm and I was about as close to popping off as I could, this woman slithered up between my legs. I looked at Candy and she was smiling at me in the most loving way. Her way of letting me know she wanted me to let her pull my big cock out and fill up her mouth with all the desire I had been suppressing all evening.
I looked down and felt this beautiful girl unzipping my pants. She pulled my cock out and started toying the slit with a stud she had in her tongue. I knew I couldn't hold it. I shot my first load of the night into the back of her throat.
The feeling of that little stud was like nothing I had ever felt. Suddenly she slid her mouth all the way down on my cock to accept every stream I shot in her.
I can't explain the pleasure I felt with I felt that stud licking my balls as I emptied my last load into her. After that I couldn't imagine any other room possibly being any better than that! But who knows?
I didn't know what to make of the second room we happened into.
They had me take a seat and took candy into the back. About 10 minutes later a lady came and got me. When I walked in, the room was very dimly lit in red. Candy was on her knees sucking another man's cock.
I knew she loved to be forced and this man was really enjoying her mouth. I knew she was fucking dripping with wetness because he had his hands fisted through her hair pulling and fucking her face grunting with pleasure.
Candy loves to give pleasure and if you were letting her know how much you were enjoying it, she goes fucking wild!
I watched and thought how can this man not already be filling my wife's mouth? He suddenly pulled it out, turned her over and started driving it into her pussy. He looked at me and said "take off your clothes and get on the bed".
He didn't have to tell me twice. I was ready to be in on this action.
"Have you ever seen someone fill up his wife's pussy before?"
" I have not." I replied
" I want you to taste this sweet little pussy I'm fucking!"
I wasn't sure I was ready for what he had in mind but the evening and the booze had me willing to do anything!
He grabbed my head and pulled me down close to my wife's pussy. The site of seeing him drive it in her was so erotic.
He pulled it out and said...." lick her off me"
I was NOT ready for that. Candy said, "please honey, will you try it for me??"
At first I was a little tentative but he had my head and encouraged me by saying...
"there you go, now just go down on it and lick your wife's sweet little pussy off my dick. Fuck, that feels so good. Oh my God, that tongue is getting me close to cumming"
I could taste Candy and him together.
"Candy, turn around and help your husband fuck my dick. I want both of you little cocksuckers on my dick together. Fuck, the site of you two licking my dick is driving me wild!"
She held his cock and licked one side of it and I licked the other. Our tongues twined around his cock. I just mimicked what candy did.
Candy then moved to his balls and encouraged me to deep throat his cock. He was really enjoying the pleasure. It felt like he just kept getting harder in my mouth.
He suddenly pulled back and said" hold on, we can't end this too soon."
Candy laid back on the bed and he started fucking her pussy again. The whole time he was telling me that he was gonna watch me eat his cum out of my wife's pussy. I was really excited and horny.
He started groaning that it was cumming soon. With one hard stroke I saw him push up into Candy and fill her with his cum.
Then he pulled it out and told me to finish him off. It was so fucking hot. He dripped his cum out of her pussy and I lapped it up and felt the rest of his cum hit the back of my throat. The whole experience was exciting and something I'd welcome again.
We Came out of that room and I didn't think I could handle anymore.
Candy was so excited about this last room though. We took a break to enjoy a few appetizers and some water. As we entered the last room, we were each given a nice bath where we were pampered with a hot soak and massage.
As I laid on the massage table, this girl was paying extra attention to my ass. I love ass play as much as anyone so when I felt her sink her finger deep into my ass and rub my prostrate, I was in heaven.
She had me roll over on my back and began sucking my dick and she fingered my ass. I didn't think it could get any better than that until Candy climbed onto my face. The tastes and the pleasure I was feeling could have gone on forever. It was amazing.
However, when Candy started griding her hips on my face and I thought about eating cum out of her pussy earlier, I erupted and shot cum all over the beautiful girl with her finger up my ass.
We were cleaned up again and that's when the most erotic looking girl walked in. She had a red leather corset with thigh high red boots. She was an Asian beauty with her long black hair pulled back tight in a ponytail.
I don't care how many times a man cums in one night, that site would make any man hard as a rock.
She led us to the bed. She was forceful when she crammed her full sized tit in my mouth. But there was something about her domination that was the biggest turn on. I loved her taking the bull by the horns, so to speak..
She told me to turn over and proceeded to pour oil on my ass. It was nice and warm and felt awesome as she rubbed that oil into my ass. She had two fingers in me as I pushed back against her hand. I felt her third probing when her hand smacked my ass.
God, that felt good. She was fucking my ass nice and hard, talking dirty and undoubtedly leaving red marks where she was slapping the shit out of me.
I just knew this woman was gonna have me cumming in no time at all. That's when she revealed the hard cock attached to her body. I didn't have time to react before that little bitch was driving herself into my ass fucking me harder than I think I had ever fucked any woman.
I couldn't believe this was happening but fuck it was feeling so good. Candy was enjoying the show. That little vixen got under me and started sucking my dick like there was no tomorrow as this woman fucked my ass like I've never been fucked before. I grabbed Candy's head pulled it into me and filled her with the cum I didn't think I had in me.
Exhausted from our pleasure we cleaned up and thanked Gary and Laura for the most wonderful evening of our lives. He said "well, it beats turkey noodle soup leftovers from last weekend!"
It was the best Holiday party we had ever been a part of and looking forward to next years!