Susie and Pete strolled around the gallery where her latest pictures be displayed.
They were mostly of a kind of symbolic woman, almost always depicted from the waist or even neck up, in a kind of pointillist style with great use of colour.
And very popular.
Later, over drinks and tapas in a nearby bar the conversation turned to Susie's next phase. She explained that she thought perhaps her women should be portrayed full-length and sometimes naked.
"Actually it might be more than that. I find myself drawn toward adding eroticism to my art. Focussing on the essence of femininity. Which of course lies in the breasts. And between the legs. And has to consider their natural urge to reproduce and thus their need for men."
"Which can often be expressed as lust." Pete commented.
"Yes. Hence the eroticism."
"Have you made any progress?"
"Yes. I have made some studies of my sister. And my partner, Chris. Not together of course!" she grinned. "I'm quite pleased with the studies of my sister, especially her vagina. Or 'cunt´, as she insists on calling it. I have found it rather difficult to portray with much subtlety. And the clitoris, so important to women's sexual pleasure is so insignificant when viewed. The studies all border on the pornographic. I'm rather disappointed with Chris. Between you and me his penis lacks a certain charm and he has difficulty keeping it erect for long enough for me to draw in detail. He manages to keep it up for quite a while once inside me but soon goes limp if there is no sexual action. If he or I try to help maintain his erection he just ejaculates and that's that!
"I fear I am going to have to look for another model which could mean a few awkward conversations with the men I know! Or their partners! Would you be up for it, so to speak?" she looked at Pete with a sly smile.
"I guess. I'm not sure mine is what you would consider "charming". Nor how long I might pose for with a full erection."
"Oh good. Well you'll have to show me it sometime. I thought perhaps Viagra and my working with no underwear might help keep a man firm?"
"Oh... well yes... that would help. How would it work?"
"I'd sit in a pose that revealed my vagina to you whilst I worked. Or my breasts if you prefer. I couldn't go naked as there are too many surprise visitors. Would that concern you?"
"Not really. Once I was aroused it could be amusing to have others examine me" Pete grinned. "And I'm sure the sight of your vagina would help keep me hard"
"Good. Let's go to my studio and I'll check you out. My sister is coming to model for me later. I might ask her opinion. If you are sure you wouldn't mind?"
"It'll be fine. I hope you both like what I have to offer."
Walking into Susie's studio Pete was taken aback to see a large canvas filled by what looked like an open vagina. He stiffened immediately. Around the room were more, different vaginas in a variety of states. And he guessed ages.
Susie picked up her palette and brushes and began to work on a small detail of her painting.
"I just don't seem to be able to get the clitoris right" she said. "What do you think? You must have seen more than I have. Is it realistic?"
"Is she supposed to be aroused?" Pete asked
"Oh yes! This is part of a series. In the next one there will be a penis about to enter her." She looked down at Pete's bulging pants. "Possibly yours" she said, patting the bulge.
"And in the next will have her properly penetrated. And finally, the trickiest one. I want to capture the post-coital moments when the cum oozes out."
Pete pondered on the implications of what she suggested.
"But first we have to see what you've got. So out with it."
"You can do it if you like."
"Oh no, my hands are covered in paint now. You just drop your pants and boxers."
Pete, feeling slightly embarrassed for the first time, did as she suggested and his erection sprang to attention. Susie eyed it.
"Impressive" she commented. "Quite a beauty I'd say. One I'd certainly open my legs for! Under different circumstances of course. Now let's settle so that I can do a few sketches. You perch on that stool over there and I'll sit in front of you. Now I promised to show you my vagina while we worked."
She went to slip her hands under her skirt. "Ah! Paint and white panties don't mix! Would you mind slipping them down for me?"
She moved close to Pete. He slipped his hands under her skirt, slipped a finger under the gusset between her legs, and felt her wetness. He paused.
"Now, now!" Susie chided. "You may find me a little damp after the pleasure of admiring your tool but just pull them down. I usually find grasping the waistband works best, rather than the gusset"
Pete slipped his finger out, moved his hands slowly over her buttocks until he found the elasticated band. Sliding both hands under the fabric and cupping her cheeks briefly, he slid her underwear down. Susie neatly stepped out of the tangle round her ankles and promptly sat down pulling her skirt up and spreading her legs.
"Have you a good view?" she asked smiling at him. "I enjoyed your 'brief exploration' by the way. It's made me quite wet. Can you see that?"
"Well it's a little dark up there and what with your hair..."
Ah!" said Susie, reaching for the angle-poise lamp beside her. She pulled its head down and flicked the switch. Her open sex was now clearly visible!
"Ah! Hmm... Yes it is definitely glistening" said Pete.
"And its keeping you nice and hard I see." Susie started to sketch. "What's going through your mind?" she asked.
"I don't think you'd want to know." replied Pete, grinning sheepishly.
"Are you thinking about me?"
"Maybe"
"About what it would be like to make love to me?"
"Ermm not exactly! I wouldn't put it quite like that..."
"Oh! To fuck me then?"
"That's more like it."
"Well I'm happy to feature in your fantasies" said Susie, "if it helps keep you as hard (and as tempting) as you are now. And I do so like being fucked. Shagged really."
"I was trying to guess which position you prefer. Imagining you from different angles."
"Oh that's easy. On all fours and shagged hard from behind. Though after an orgasm I like to roll over and take the guy on top. I like to watch their faces while they fuck me. And come. What about you?"
"I actually like playing with clits and teasing a woman just short of orgasm..."
"You mean until she begs to be fucked?"
"Yes. More or less. Then she will do anything to get my cock in her..."
"What sort of anything?"
"Just become her cunt. Present it. Make their masturbation fantasies come true. What's your favourite?"
"Well I pick up this guy in a beach bar. We roll around a bit. He fingers me until I am desperate for a fuck. He says he knows a part of the beach where we can do it. So we walk round a headland and there all these people fucking. He gets a bit tough and forces me to remove my bikini. Then he makes me bend over, bracing myself with my outstretched arms against a rock. I wait for him to enter me. But he doesn't. He comes round and stands where I can see him stroking his erection. And then I feel one enter me! Not his! Some other guy. I feel him come in me and then another cock slides in! I hear them talking about what great pictures they've got of their cum oozing out of me. I want to stand up and stop taking more men but my "partner" grabs my shoulders and prevents me getting up. One guy fucks me really hard and the rest gather round a cheer as my dangling tits swing really violently. At this point in the fantasy and the reality of my masturbation I orgasm! And keep going. And come three times in quick succession."
"So now I know how to please you. Humiliate you."
"Yes. In a way you are now. Sitting here with my cunt wide open and a light shining on it is proving more of a turn-on than I expected. I might have to do something about it sometime. Would you mind?"
"Not if I could watch."
There was the sound of the door handle turning and Susie's sister, Rebecca, walked in. Susie rose to greet her before Rebecca could see the pose she had adopted. Pete inadvertently made his erection rise and fall a little finding himself excited by the new visitor.
"Do you want me in the usual pose?" Rebecca asked, stepping out of her knickers.
"Yes. In a minute. I would like you opinion on Pete's penis. I'm thinking of using him as the model"
Rebecca approached Pete, her eyes fixed on his member. "Looks pretty good to me" she said. "Would get my legs open."
"That's what I said!" Susie laughed.
Rebecca's eyes met Pete's. "Can I touch it?"
"Of course. But be careful! Susie needs me to stay hard while she sketches it. I don't want to come. Well not yet anyway!"
Rebecca grasped him firmly. "Ooooh! Nice and HARD!" she exclaimed. "Have you felt it Susie?"
"Not yet. I was planning a surprise at the end of the session."
"Hard as my dildo!" remarked Rebecca smiling invitingly at Pete.
"OK... leave it alone! And settle down in your pose. "
Rebecca released Pete and climbed onto the gynaecological chair Susie had positioned to the right of her canvas, slotting her feet in the stirrups. She pulled up her skirt presented her wide-open vagina to the universe.
"Your vagina looks pretty juicy" remarked Susie. "The ´Pete´ effect?"
"Partly" replied Rebecca, idly stroking herself. "I started to get moist on the bus. Dishy guy stood near me with a really nice bum. This button-up the front dress is really useful at times... slip a hand through the gap and bingo! And it's NOT my 'vagina'. It's my CUNT!"
"You masturbated on the bus!?" Susie said incredulously.
"Anywhere really. If the mood takes me."
"OK... I suppose I have been known to have a quickie in some strange places. Now just want to see what Pete dick looks likes next to your vagina..."
"Oh call it my cunt. I do! And I'm sure Pete would, if asked. Do you like my cunt, Pete? Most men I show it to do!"
"Err... very erm sexy... Inviting really" Pete mumbled, nonplussed by Susie's suggestion.
"Come here then an rest your prick on my thigh."
Pete moved awkwardly into position.
"Tip nearer her entrance" Susie commanded. "That looks great" she concluded.
Pete moved back but remained close to Rebecca, his cock level with her face. She turned toward him and for a moment he thought she was going to take him into her mouth as her lips parted in a broad smile.
"You know what the next screen test will be?" she asked
"Susie did say."
"I'm really looking forward to it..." Rebecca said glancing at Pete's unwavering erection. "How long can you stay hard? I mean, do you ave real stamina?"
"After a couple of blue pills and the sight of two eager cunts I can stay hard forever."
"Stop it, Rebecca! My 'vagina' is not yet a cunt. It might change its personality later though." Susie snapped. "I'm struggling to get your clit right. And today it seems to have completely disappeared. Can you do something about it? It's quite prominent when aroused and erect..."
"I'd rather Pete worked on it." Rebecca murmured as she drew the hood back to reveal her secret little button. "I'm sure he knows what to do to a clitoris..."
"Go on, Pete" said Susie. "You told me how much you like to tease women. Tease her!"
Pete knelt in front of Rebecca and gently stroked her vulva. It was indeed very wet. She continued to hold the hood away from her clit but he avoided direct contact. Instead he traced the lines of connecting nerves, the hidden clitoris connection either side of her entrance.
"Wow! That feels good," she murmured. He maintained the gentle stroking for some time, occasionally going close to but not touching the clitoris itself. When he did, she squirmed a little, trying to trick him into contact.
"Very good!" she said, releasing the hood and letting him take control of her.
Susie put her brushes and palette down and watched, spellbound as Rebecca's clitoris swelled. And swelled. And swelled. Her hand went to her own, moving to where Pete could see what she was doing.
"I've never seen it so big!" she said to Rebecca as Pete bent and touched its tip with his tongue. "Just move out of the way for a moment, Pete, while I try to capture its presence, its domination of the eager vagina."
Rebecca moaned in ecstasy and grasped his head with both hands.
"Do NOT make him stop, Susie!" she cried. "Please ignore her Pete, Please don't stop!"
Susie gently removed Rebecca's hands from Pete's head and eased him away, then bent over between her sister's spread legs scrutinising gaping cunt and its intricate her folds and the pert little clit poking out from them.
"It is REALLY engorged... far bigger than in any of the sessions when you worked on it yourself."
"I KNOW!" moaned Rebecca. "It is also ten times more sensitive and I KNOW I am going to have the biggest and best orgasm of my LIFE if you just let Pete carry on doing what he was doing!"
Susie sketched rapidly. She felt Pete's presence behind and to one side. His hand fell on her bottom and she felt his fingers gently gathering the folds of her skirt before slipping beneath it and sliding between her legs seeking her sensitivity.
"Oh!" she murmured "Stimulation while sketching the stimulated. An interesting experience."
"Hurry up Susie!" said Rebecca. "I want him back!"
Susie completed her sketches, put down her pad and took up a camera. "I need to capture the detail of this. Pete, go back to work on her, fingers first, then tongue. But Rebecca, I want to record your orgasm without Pete's head obscuring the view. So shout out when you know it is inevitable."
"OK!" gasped Rebecca. "It's not far off. But you must let him go down on me again as soon as it's over... there will be more!"
Pete knelt between Rebecca's legs and gently teased her clit with the tip of his tongue. Once again, she tried to draw his head closer to her but this time he resisted. Standing, he leant over her. Their eyes locked. She froze in anticipation. He guided the tip of his penis to her clit and gently caressed it.
"You bastard!" Rebecca cried as her orgasm mounted. "You fucking bastard! "
He stepped back and he fingered Susie from behind as she bent close to Rebecca photographing each stage of her orgasm. "Look at the way her clit quivers. And her arsehole and cunt contract so violently" said Susie. "Much as a cock does just before it ejaculates."
Rebecca began to come down.
"Go on..."said Susie, moving to where Pete could see her masturbating. "Give her another one with your mouth. I'll do myself but would be really pleased to have you work on my clit later. When you recover from the fucking I'm sure you want to give Rebecca. And she really needs! But only after I have captured the images of your penis sliding into her. And your cum dribbling out. I´m really looking forward to capturing that in oils!"
"Oh yes please! I need him inside me!" cried Rebecca, becoming very loud over the next few minutes as Pete mercilessly made her come again and again.
"You can't really enjoy a fuck in that chair." Susie said. "Let's all go to the bedroom for the next stages."
"Good idea!" said Rebecca, struggling to free herself from the grips of the stirrups and calf supports before jumping down and falling to her knees before Pete. "But first I need to say a proper hello to Pete's 'John Thomas". She cradled his balls, kissed the tip of his penis then drew its full length into her mouth. Pete gasped as he felt himself locked into her throat when she swallowed. She held the pose until her breath ran out and she reluctantly released him. "I apologise in advance. I don't think my cunt is QUITE as tight as my throat. But I'm fit and can get to grips with you I think."
It proved to be the case and he thoroughly enjoyed filling it. First with his cock and then with his cum.