Being that it was Saturday and a good, sunny day to play golf, unbeknownst of the sexual festivities playing out within, a few minutes later, Brian's brother, Sean, came to the door to see if Brian wanted to go golfing. Typically when golfing, they're gone for the day. Yet, with Becky's mother and sister stripped naked and her husband's pajama bottoms pulled down to his ankles, chances are the only holes Brian had thoughts of filling while playing was the four, hole home course of Anna May and Susannah's mouth and pussy.
'Fore!'
Up at the crack of dawn, if Sean only knew all the voyeurism and exhibitionism that had been happening between Becky, her mother, and her sister, Brian could have sold his brother a ticket to their impromptu strip tease shows. If only he could tell his brother about the gangbang Becky had last weekend, no doubt a place where he would have loved an invitation, Sean would admonish him for not inviting him to his sister-in-law's gangbang. Only not wanting Sean to think less of him and of Becky, he decided not to say anything to his younger brother.
In the way that he's always looking at her, staring at her, and leering at her while undressing her with his eyes, he knew his brother was sexually attracted to his wife. Who wouldn't be? With her long, chestnut brown hair, her big, brown eyes, and C cup breasts, Becky was absolutely gorgeous and with a shapely body to match her pretty face. Indeed, as were her mother and sister too, Becky was a beautiful, sexy woman and Brian was so very happy to be part of this family of exhibitionists and voyeurs.
Ever since his brother told Brian that he saw Becky naked that day, when she forgot that he was sleeping on the couch and walked out of the bedroom naked, Sean seemed more solicitous and flirtatious of Becky. Moreover, Becky didn't seem offended by her brother-in-law's stares and advances. Obviously Sean was lusting over Becky in the way that Brian was lusting over his mother-in-law. Now he wondered if Becky was lusting over his brother too in the way that he was lusting over her sister. Obviously Sean would do Becky if the opportunity presented itself in the way that Brian would love to have a swinging threesome with Anny May and Susannah.
"Wow, Brian. Becky is so hot. She has such a great body and she's so sexy," he said to his brother after he saw Becky naked. "I couldn't believe my eyes when Becky walked out in the hall naked. You're such a lucky man."
"You better not be masturbating over my wife little brother," said Brain with a laugh while wondering why his wife hadn't told him that his brother saw her naked.
"Too late. I've already masturbated over Becky many times," said Sean returning his brother's laugh.
With all the sudden, sexual situations that's happened between Becky, her mother, and her sister, his brother would never believe him when he tells him, that is, if he tells him all that's happened between Anna May and Susannah in such a short time. Keeping what Becky did secret and just between them, maybe he shouldn't tell his brother what transpired behind closed doors when his four friends gangbanged Becky. Knowing that Becky would never tell her mother and/or her sister that she pulled a train and had four men gangbang her, maybe he shouldn't tell his brother that his wife has finally become the sexy, swinging, slut he's always wanted her to become.
Maybe he shouldn't tell his brother that he sat in the corner masturbating while watching his four friends having their wicked, sexual way with his wife. Knowing he'd love for Becky to flash him her tits and panties too, maybe he shouldn't tell his brother that his wife flashes truckers her tits on the highway and deliberately flashes shoe salesmen her panties at the mall while making her flashes appear accidental. Knowing they were both sexually attracted to one another, definitely, he shouldn't tell his brother that Becky would do him if he asked her. Only, he couldn't wait to tell Sean all that's happened, especially the part about Becky stripping Anna May naked and Susannah topless after flashing them his cock.
'Damn, for an old broad, Anna May has a hot body and Susannah, for such a petite woman, has enormous tits,' he thought to himself. With Becky so much taller than her sister and especially after finding out about Anna May's sexual background, he couldn't help but wonder if Becky and Susannah had the same father. Perhaps it was one a friend of Becky's father who impregnated her mother with Susannah. Boy, this family is just filled with surprises.
Not wanting his brother to think of Becky as the sexy slut that she's become after her gangbang and her recent flashing experiences of exhibitionism, perhaps it's better that their dirty, little secret remain between them and his four friends. Wishing that he could take his brother in his confidence, when it comes to his wife, perhaps it's better that he not involve his brother in his perverted perversity. No doubt, if he told his brother all that happened, his brother would want to have sex with Becky in the way that he wants to have sex with Anna May and Susannah. Moreover, what would his brother say and think when he discovered that not only has Becky become a slut but also that he's become sexually deranged in his lust for his mother-in-law and sister-in-law. When Becky is prettier and has a better body than her mother and sister, Brian didn't understand his sexual attraction to Anna May and Susannah and his need to have sex with his wife's mother and sister.
If only Sean knew that Becky not only flashed her mother and sister to him but also flashed them his cock, he wondered what he'd say. After Becky accidentally flashed her naked body to him that fateful day, no doubt Sean would not only want her to flash her mother and sister to him but also would want Becky to flash his cock to her mother and sister too. Only, wishing that he could tell his brother everything from the beginning, Brian so wanted to share all that's happened to him with Sean. At this point in time, Brain would like nothing better than to have a five some with Becky, her mother, her sister, and his brother.
'Damn, how hot would that be,' thought Brian.
Perfect timing, as far as Brian was concerned. If only Sean had been here a few minutes earlier, he would have caught him, Anna May, and Susannah naked. He was glad that Anna May, along with her sexy, nearly see through nightgown had disappeared in the guest bedroom with her nearly naked daughter. Brian didn't want his brother to see all that he's seen of his mother-in-law and sister-in-law. After going back and forth about telling his brother all that happened or not, he decided to keep the sexual hijinks to himself.
What would his brother think of them if he saw them parading around like the whores they obviously both are? What would his brother think if he saw how Anna May and Susannah were dressed or not dressed at all? Perhaps Sean would think that Brian was lucky to have such a MILF of a mother-in-law as Anna May and such a sexy sister-in-law as Susannah. Perhaps Sean would think that they were all having wild, swinging sex and an orgy of sexual activity. Being that Sean was just as horny as he was, Brian knew that if Sean had seen Anna May and Susannah naked that he'd want to have sex with them too.
Without doubt, if Sean had known about Becky's gangbang, he would have wanted to be included as one of the gangbangers to have hot, albeit sloppy sex with his wife too. If he told his brother that his wife had a gangbang, surely, he'd want to do her now too. Yet, too close to home, as sexually exciting as it is to think about Becky doing his brother, in the way she so enjoyed having sex with Jack, he didn't want his brother having sex with his wife. With Sean a younger and better looking version of him, no doubt, Becky may want his brother over him in the way that he wouldn't mind being with Becky's sister over her. Ideally, even if it meant Becky having regular sex with Sean, he wouldn't mind having a steady, sexual diet of her mother and sister while still being married to Becky.
* * * * *
Perfect timing, as far as Anna May was obviously concerned by her excited look of retaliation, her sweet, little revenge against Becky couldn't have happened any sooner and any better had it been planned in advance. With Anna May still dressed in her sexy, pale blue, virtually see-through nightgown, no doubt hoping that it was a man at the door who she could flash her daughter to while flashing herself, she listened at her bedroom door to hear who was here. Still dressed in her white, bikini panties and her crop top that barely covered the bottoms of her big tits, not even having the modesty enough to don a bathrobe, Susannah listened at the guest bedroom door with her mother.
"Hi Brian," said Sean. "I thought we could play some golf."
"It's Sean, Brian's brother." said Anna May to Susannah with excited, sexual glee.
Brian stood in the hall in his pajamas with his hands covering his obvious erection while Anna May and Susannah listened to their conversation.
"Golf? Um, no, sorry, not today," said Brian. "I'm a little busy. Becky's mother and sister are here visiting."
"Oh," said Sean. "I can see that," said Sean smiling at his brother's feeble attempt at trying to hide his erection.
"He's cute," said Susannah. "I wouldn't mind flashing him my tits."
"Susannah!" Anna May leered at her daughter while feigning her motherly modesty and morality upon her. "Are there no limits to your whoredom?"
"Kettle black. Like mother like daughter, from your tits, areolas, nipples, pubic hair, and ass crack, I can see every part of you through your sheer, non-existent nightgown mother," said Susannah staring down at her mother's nearly naked body through her sexy nightgown.
"You can?" Anna May looked down at herself before looking at herself in the full-length mirror. "I wasn't aware that anyone could see so much of me," she said brushing back her chestnut hair as if she was a model on a photo shoot about to be photographed.
"Aware my ass," said Susannah. "You're always aware of every flashing thing you do mother. If anyone is a whore, it's you."
Anna May turned from her daughter to listen at the bedroom door.
"Shh! Quiet. I need to listen to what they're saying. In order for me to get my revenge, I need to focus more on your sister than on you," she said to Susannah. Anna May listened for a moment before turning to her daughter again. "How hot would that be to strip Becky and to flash her naked body to her brother-in-law," said Anna May while giving Susannah a wickedly naughty smile?
"Oh, my God, Mom," said Susannah acting nearly as sexually excited if her mother was proposing to strip her naked and flash her naked body to Sean. "Becky would be so embarrassed only how do you propose we flash Becky's naked body to Sean? Are you going to sit on her while I strip her? Being that she's a runner, she's stronger than we are and in better shape too," said Susannah. "With her so fast and light on her feet, I don't think either one of us could get the better of her."
"I need something," said Anna May obviously continuing to plot her revenge while still poised by the guest bedroom door eavesdropping. "What do you have that I can use to tie Becky's hands behind her back, a belt, a scarf, something, anything?"
Susannah searched through her luggage and pulled out a pair of handcuffs.
"Will these do?"
She handed the shiny, silver handcuffs to her mother along with the keys. Anna May looked at her daughter with shocked surprise while shaking her head side to side.
"I won't even ask you where you got these," said Anna May accepting the handcuffs and sighing at Susannah. "Yet, tell me. I need to know. Why do you have handcuffs?"
"It's no big deal Mom. It's not like I'm into bondage. Sometimes I just like to role play," she said with a sexy shrug as if she was thinking about the last time she was cuffed to the bed. "A friend lets me borrow them. He's a cop," she said with a little laugh. "He likes it when I'm helpless, vulnerable, and naked," she said swooning while blinking her eyes as if she had stardust in them.
She looked from her daughter to the handcuffs.
"That's enough Susannah. I get the image. I don't need for you to paint me a sexually, explicit painting," she said looking from the handcuffs to look at her daughter. "And how did you get these through security and on the plane?"
Susannah rolled her eyes and sighed.
"It isn't as if they're a weapon Mom," she said with a shrug. "They're just wrist restraints, a sex toy in the way of a vibrator or a dildo. I put them in my makeup case. They fit perfectly in my oversized, Hollywood style, powder puff case," she said. "I don't carry them on the plane. I put them in my checked luggage."
Anna May played with the handcuffs for a minute and even tried locking them on Susannah's wrists to master how to get them on quickly.
"It's time to get even with your sister," said Anna May to Susannah. "Follow my lead," she said. "When I cuff her, you pull her sweatpants and panties down."
"Oh, my God," said Susannah. "I can't wait to expose Becky to Sean. I can't wait to see the look on her arrogant face when she's so vulnerably naked."
Both women laughed while sharing their naughty secret plan of stripping Becky to flash her to Sean.
"I can't wait to expose your sister to her brother-in-law in the way that she exposed me to my son-in-law and you to your brother-in-law," said Anna May. "Let's see how she likes this game when she's the one being stripped naked, embarrassed, and humiliated while being so physically controlled."
* * * * *
Anna May and Susannah continued listening behind the guest bedroom door while Becky closed the front door before Anna May opened her bedroom door a crack to peek out at her daughter. Becky greeted her brother-in-law with a hug and a kiss on the lips. If only Sean had been there just a few minutes ago, with her mother and sister stripped naked, he would have seen a sexy, striptease show. Before she had time to leave Sean's side, while Brian was busy talking to his brother about being unable to go golfing, and with Becky's back turned from the guest bedroom, Anna May and Susannah crept up behind Becky. In the way that Becky snuck up on Brian to pull his pajama bottoms down in front of her mother, Anna May snuck up on her daughter. Quickly, as if she was an arresting police officer, catching a criminal by surprise, Anna May locked one handcuff on Becky's wrist and pulled the other wrist together behind her back and locked that cuff too.
"Mom! What the Hell? What are you doing? Remove these," said Becky jumping around while jiggling her wrists. "Brian! Do something. Help!"
As if they were about to see a catfight, obviously not knowing what was about to happen, Brian stared while Sean stood closer to his brother to watch the sexy show. With Anna May still dressed in her sexy see through nightgown and her daughter only wearing white, bikini panties and her crop top, Sean looked from Becky to Anna May to Susannah. Already instructed to do so in advance by Anna May, Susannah was enlisted to do the same to her older sister that Becky did to her and her mother. Susannah stood poised by her sister ready to strip her.
"Payback is a bitch, bitch," said Susannah to Becky.
"Get away from me, you slut," said Becky to her sister.
Susannah put a hand to each side of Becky's sweat pants while her older sister tried to kick her to move her away from her. Then standing behind her while Becky tried to mule kick her, Susannah tugged on her sister's sweatpants. Little by little, inch by inch, as if giving him a super slow strip tease, she slowly exposed her sister's white, bikini panties to her brother-in-law.
"Susannah! What the Hell are you doing? Don't you dare pull down my pants," said Becky struggling to move away from her sister while her mother held her in place.
In the way that Becky pulled her mother's nightgown over her head and tied it there to expose her naked body to Brian, Susannah pulled down her sister's sweatpants to expose her panties to Sean. Susannah turned to Sean to see if he was looking and, of course, he was.
"Nice panties," said Sean while staring from Becky's panties to Susannah's panties to Anna May dressed in her sexy nightgown.
"You're such a slut Susannah walking around flashing your panties and the bottom of your tits to Brian and Sean," said Becky. "How dare you? I'm not like you. You've had your fun. Pull up my sweatpants now or I swear, I'll kick your ass later."
"Kettle black. Who's the slut now? You're flashing your panties too," said Susannah.
"I'm only flashing my panties because you pulled down my sweatpants. Now, pull them up please. Unlike you, I'm not a whore," said Becky.
If only Susannah knew that Becky pulled a gangbang train with his four friends, Brian wondered who the whore was then.
"Are you calling me a whore because I'm flashing my panties," said Susannah chiding her sister, "even though you're standing there in your panties too?"
"I am calling you a whore because with mother holding me and you pulling down my sweatpants, I'm not standing here in my panties voluntarily like you are," said Becky. "Whore!"
"If I'm a whore for flashing my panties, then what are you for flashing your pussy," said Susannah tucking in a finger on each side of her panty.
"Susannah! Don't. Oh, my God! No! I'm warning you. Don't you dare pull down my panties in front of Sean. It's bad enough he's seen my panties, I don't want him seeing my pussy too," said Becky. "Brian do something."
"Too late," said Susannah.
In the way that Becky pulled off her sister's top to expose her big tits to Brian, in one fluid motion, Susannah pulled down her sister's panties to expose her pussy to Sean.
Helpless to stop her, she tried to kick her but she couldn't lift her legs high enough to reach her. Once her sweatpants were down around her ankles, having limited mobility, she couldn't move her legs high enough to stop her sister from pulling down her panties in front of Sean.
Now naked from the waist down, with her pussy and ass in plain view, and with Alma May holding her daughter and Susannah holding her sister and turning her, they gave Sean a good, long look at Becky's ass and dark, brown, trimmed pussy. In the way that Sean stared at his sister-in-law, when forgetting that he had slept over and was sleeping on the couch and she walked out of her bedroom naked, he was staring at her in the same lustful way now.
"How could you do this to me? I can't believe you did this," said Becky. "I can't believe you pulled down my panties in front of Sean. If it wasn't bad enough that you pulled down my sweatpants to flash my brother-in-law my panties, I can't believe you pulled down my panties to flash him my pussy too," she said jumping around while squirming and trying to get away from her mother and sister.
"That's what you get Becky," said her mother. "I told you I'd get you back when you least expected it, only I didn't expect I'd get you back so soon," said Anna May laughing.
"Sean please don't look at my ass and my pussy. I'm so embarrassed," said Becky to her brother-in-law while trying to turn away from him.
Yet her mother held her in place and turned her to continue to flash Sean her daughter's exposed pussy and ass. Then, with Anna May supporting Becky's back to keep her from falling backwards, Susannah lifted her sister's legs by the ankles while parting Becky's knees to give Sean an even better view of her sister's pussy.
"Oh my God. How could you do this to me? This is so humiliating. I'm so mortified," said Becky.
'She wasn't so mortified when his friends saw her naked and were gangbanging her,' thought Brian.
Instead of looking away and instead of being a gentleman to preserve his sister-in-law's modesty, Sean stared at Becky's naked ass and pussy and stared even longer and harder when Susannah's raised her sister's legs to show Sean more. In the way that he did when he saw her naked that one time when she stood facing him in the hall as if she was a deer caught in headlights, he stared at her now. Then, with Becky's hands still cuffed behind her back, in the way that Becky pulled her nightgown over her head to exposed her naked body to her son-in-law, Anna May pulled Becky's sweatshirt over her face to expose her bra to Sean.
"Mother!" Becky screamed through the thick material of her sweatshirt while struggling but with Susannah holding her from behind and with her wrists cuffed behind her back, there was little that she could do to stop what they were about to do next. "What are you doing?"
"What am I doing? I'm just showing your bra to Sean in the way that you showed Brian my naked body. "Oh, is this a front snapper Becky?"
"Mother! Don't you dare! I mean it. I swear to God if you expose my tits to Sean, I'll be so pissed. You'll never see your grandchildren again. How's that for starters? If you show Brain my tits, I'll--," said Becky.
"Oops, too late," said Anna May unhooking Becky's front snapping bra and allowing her C cup breasts to fall out and expose themselves.
Jumping, pulling, turning, and twisting while Susannah held her in place, Anna May moved Becky's bra cups out of the way by placing Becky's tits over them. She gave Sean an unobstructed view of her daughter's tits, nipples, and areolas.
"Holy shit! Wow!" Sean looked from Becky to Susannah to Anna May and back to Becky. "This is so outrageous," he said laughing. "This is so hot. Nice tits Becky," he said laughing while staring at Becky's big boobs.
"Brian, help me. Do something. This is so embarrassing," she said.
Brian looked from his wife to look at his brother while giving him a shrug.
"What's going on here? Why would you do that to your own daughter and sister?" Addressing his question to Anna May and Susannah, he looked to his brother.
"Payback," said Susannah.
"Payback," said Anna May.
"Payback?" Sean looked from Becky to Susannah and back to Becky again.
Staring at his nearly naked sister-in-law, looking from her pussy to her tits, he was unable to remove his eyes from her nude body in the way that Brian was unable to remove his focused stare from his naked mother-in-law and topless sister-in-law previously. A family of exhibitionists and voyeurs, who obviously all knew they'd all get what they needed to show and see, the sexual behavior of voyeurism and exhibitionism was beyond what was appropriate.
"After she pulled down Brian's pajama top to expose his penis to me, she took exception to me looking at his cock. Then, she thought it was funny to not only lift my nightgown over my head but also to tie it over my head to expose my naked body to Brian for prolonged viewing," said Anna May. "Having to remain there with my arms over my head and so nakedly exposed in front of my son-in-law, I was unable to free my arms from my nightgown."
"Wow! Becky did that? Becky stripped you naked? That's unbelievable," said Sean.
With all that Anna May was showing through her nightgown, he stared at her nearly naked body in the way that his brother did when he first walked in the kitchen when his mother-in-law was cooking breakfast.
"Yes, I was so embarrassed. I was so humiliated," said Anna May playing the poor, pitiful victim.
"Wow! Sorry, I mean, that's just terrible," said Sean showing more sexual excitement than empathy.
Still attired in her oh, so sheer nightgown, obviously not embarrassed or humiliated at all, Anna May was still showing and both Sean and Brian were looking.
"And she ripped my top off my body to expose my tits to Brian," said Susannah seemingly proud that Brian saw her big tits. "I was so embarrassed too," said Susannah mechanically while following the lead of her mother as if rehearsed. "I was so humiliated."
"Wow," said Sean. "I wish I was here to see that."
"Embarrassed my ass," said Becky to her sister through her sweatshirt. "You're such a little whore and whores don't get embarrassed. You'd like nothing better than for Sean to see your tits too."
"I must agree with your Becky, Susannah. You are a little whore," said Anna May with a laugh.
"So? Kettle black. Look who's calling me a whore when you're the one standing there naked," said Susannah suddenly yawning and stretching to give Sean a sexy peek of her exposed tits. "And you're showing Sean more of your nearly naked body mother in that see through nightgown than I am with my crop top, that is, until I just yawned and stretched like that. Oops," said Susannah pulling down her top over her breasts. "Unlike Becky standing there naked, at least I'm covered, most times," said Susannah laughing.
"Hello? Earth to Brian," said Becky. "What about me?"
"In a minute Becky. In a minute," said Brian looking from his wife to his brother. "So you like my wife's tits, do you?"
"I do. She has wonderful tits, perfect in every way. So shapely symmetrical, she has the best tits I've ever seen," he said looking from Becky to Brian and back to Becky again. "Becky has a beautiful body and definitely big tits run in this family," said Sean looking from Anna May's exposed breasts to Susannah's exposed tits.
"Thank you," said Anna May. "I'll take that as a compliment."
"I only wish I was here to see Anna May and Susannah stripped naked, too," said Sean with a laugh.
"That can be arranged little brother," said Brian getting his brother in a full Nelson hold while giving Susannah a wink and a nod.
Susannah unbuckled, unbuttoned, and unzipped Sean's pants and, in the way she did to her sister, she pulled Sean's pants down to his ankles along with his underwear.
"Oh, my God," said Anna May staring at Sean's cock in the way she stared at Brian's exposed prick. "His cock is just as big as his brother's cock. In the way that big tits run in my family, big pricks run in your family."
"Wow," said Susannah reaching out to hold Sean's cock in her hand in the way that she held Brian's cock in her hand. "Nice cock," she said looking up at Sean with her big brown eyes while slowly stroking him before falling to her knees to take him in her mouth to suck him while still staring up at him.
"See? I told you my daughter is a whore," said Anna May watching her daughter suck Sean. "Susannah! Get up off your knees. I can't believe you're blowing a man you just met. You have no class."
"I've met Sean plenty of times before mother," said Susannah removing Sean's cock from her mouth to speak.
"Oh, my God, you two are such whores. What's going on? What's happening? I can't see a thing," said Becky jumping around as if she was on fire.
"Susannah's giving Sean a blowjob," said Brian laughing.
"Okay, you made your point mother. You got even by flashing my naked body to Sean. Now somebody remove this sweatshirt from my face so that I can see and remove these handcuffs. They're hurting my wrists," said Becky.
Anna May removed the sweatshirt from her daughter's face so that she could see her brother-in-law still standing there in a full Nelson headlock with his pants and underwear down by his ankles and her sister's mouth attached to his erect prick. When Susannah stood and stepped away from Sean, Becky stared at Sean's erect cock. Anna May unlocked the handcuffs to allow Becky to get dressed. Instead of dressing, removing her sweatshirt and bra, she kicked away her sweatpants and panties that collected around her ankles before walking over to Sean naked. She walked over to Sean and gave him a long, wet kiss. Then, just as her sister did with her husband and with his brother, Becky now did with her brother-in-law.
"Nice cock Sean," said Becky taking him in her hand and stroking him before falling to her knees to take him in her mouth to suck him in the way that Susannah had just done.
"Gees, Becky, I wish my hands were free so that I can play with your big tits and finger your nipples while you suck my cock," said Sean.
Obviously wanting to watch his brother with his wife, immediately, Brian released the wrestling hold he had on his brother.
"Oh my God," said Brian immediately putting a gentle hand to the back of Becky's pretty head. "That's so hot," said Brian while watching Becky suck his brother's cock as Sean played with her tits and fingered her nipples.
Then, just as Susannah had done, Becky stood and moved away from Sean. Now free, and with the element of surprise on her side again, Becky stood, walked over to her mother, grabbed the hem of her Anna May's nightgown, and pulled it up, over, and off of her head again. With Sean staring at his naked sister-in-law and Brian staring at his mother-in-law, both Becky and Anna May were now naked. Then, tucking her mother's nightgown under her arm as if her nightgown was a football, with her big tits bouncing and swaying, as if running for a touchdown, she ran to Susannah and pulled her top over her head and off of her body. In one swift motion, she pulled her panties down and off too.
Now with Becky, Anna May, and Susannah naked, and Sean standing there with his pants and underwear around his ankles and his cock exposed, Brian stripped off his pajamas while Sean removed the rest of his clothes. Now with everyone naked, Sean and Brian stared at Becky, Anna May and Susannah's naked bodies while Becky, Anna May, and Susannah stared at Sean and Brian's cock. A family of voyeurs and exhibitionists, being that they were already naked anyway, what else was there to do but to enjoy one another sexually?
Sean took Becky by the hand and disappeared in her bedroom while Anna May and Susannah took Brian by the hand and disappeared in the guest bedroom. Becky had sex with Brian's younger brother in the way that Brian had sex with her mother and younger sister. No doubt, had Becky not experienced a gangbang and agreed to flash her mother her husband's cock, none of this would have happened. Never daring to do anything about it, all five would have gone along lusting over one another for years. Now, this was their chance to get their pent up sexual lust out of their systems by having sex with one another. An hour later, they all emerged from the bedrooms for breakfast. Having made her point while keeping her promise, Becky tossed her mother her nightgown, gave Susannah her top and panties, and put on her panties, bra, sweatpants, and sweatshirt, while Brian and Sean dressed.
"Now that it's all gotten cold, let's eat breakfast," said Anna May. "There's coffee in the kitchen. I need a cup."
A story with a happy ending. With Becky getting her new car, remodeled kitchen, the fur coat promised to her on her tenth anniversary five years ago and finally getting her diamond engagement ring promised to her fifteen years ago on her engagement to Brian, she was happy. With Brian masturbating while watching his four friends gangbang his wife and now having a threesome with his MILF of a mother-in-law and sexy sister-in-law, he was happy. With Sean finally having sex with Becky, the sister-in-law he's been lusting over for years, he was happy. Finally, with Anna May and Susannah having sex with Brian, even they were happy too. With the promise that Sean and Becky would have regular sex and Brian would have sex with his mother-in-law and sister-in-law again, everyone was happy.
THE END