Greetings all, I again wish to thank all who have read, voted, and commented on this series. This story is a work of fiction and fantasy. The events depicted did not and should not happen in real life. Any similarities to real persons are strictly coincidental. I also need to state that everyone in this chapter is above the age of 18.
I also wish to thank Steve for all his assistance while I write. His thoughts and corrections are very welcome.
Please enjoy my story. Vote and/or comment.
*****
I slowly walked to the door of my room. I was hoping Amber would change her mind about me leaving alone. I had no one to protect me should I be seen and who would believe me if I told them a student made me do it. But once I got to the door and looked back at the 2 of them, they weren't even paying attention to me.
No, instead, they were in a deep embrace, kissing each other and I noticed that Amber was feeling April up. I wondered what else they might do. Amber said she was going to my house for the night. I wondered if April was going with her so they could make love to each other. I think they are closer than they let me know.
I opened my door and peered out. No one in sight, so I stepped out and walked down the hall. I was almost running so I didn't get caught. I heard my door close behind me and I jumped, thinking it was another door. But no one was there. I had to go to the end of the hall which took me to the back of the school. I couldn't afford to go out the front in broad daylight, so I took the longer way to my car.
But, I made it to my car and as soon as I got to it, I jumped in. All I had with me was my purse. No clothes, no shoes. I sat there for a moment and made sure no one had seen me. It looked like all the cars, except for April's and Amber's had left the lot. So, I started my car and slowly drove out of the lot.
I followed the directions Amber had given me and got to the drive through restaurant she picked out. It was a chicken place and once I pulled in, I had to wait in the car line for 2 other cars to place their orders. Once they got done, I pulled up and got the list of foods she said to get and told the person inside what I wanted. I noticed she had told me to get 2 of everything, which meant I would be eating with her daddy or he had someone one else with him. I hoped it was just me and him together.
Once the order was placed, I got the money from my purse and slowly pulled to the pick-up window. This is where it might get scary and humiliating. I was naked and the window was higher than my car window. So, they would be able to look down and see my nakedness.
The other cars got their meals and I pulled up. At first I was not seen, but then the young boy came over to the window and asked if I had ordered the 2 meals and I told him I did. That is when he looked straight down at me. His eyes seemed to almost pop out of his head. Maybe he had never seen a naked woman before. All I know, it embarrassed me.
He said, "That will be just a few moments Ma'am, we are waiting for the biscuits to cook."
Well, I figured that was a lie and knew it was when just about every employee came to the window to get a look at me. I just sat there and let them stare at me. I was so horny, I almost got out to see if they wanted to fuck me. But knew better because I would get arrested for that. So, I waited. I don't think anyone was behind me either, since no one was taking any other orders. But they all got a good look at me while they had me wait.
Finally, a new guy came over and said, "Ma'am, we are sorry for the delay, but the biscuits took longer than normal. So, for your wait, your meals are free. So, if you could just pull to the side, we will bring it out to you as soon as the biscuits get done."
I thought that was cute. I think every guy that worked there got a good look at the naked lady. But, I said I would and pulled to the side. Now I wondered who would get the task of bring me my food. I didn't have to wait much longer and the original boy came out with the meals. He tapped on my window and I opened it up. He said, "We are so sorry for the wait ma'am, but here is your food. If you will open your other door, I'll bring it around to put in your seat."
I said, "That is nice of you, but I know all you want to do is see my naked body. So, how about if I step out and show you and then I'll be on my way."
I have no idea why I told him that. I didn't want anyone to see me naked, but for some reason it just came out. He was waiting, so I opened my door, stepped out and showed him my naked body. I didn't realize it, but the others in the restaurant were all standing outside to see me. So, since I went this far, I stepped out into the lot more and waved to them.
Then I quickly got my food, and jumped into the car and drove off. Thinking back as I drove to Amber's house, I thought it was quite funny how people react around naked women. They fall all over themselves just to see tits, cunts and asses.
I followed the directions to the house and saw she lived in a very nice neighborhood. I found the number of the house and pulled into the driveway. There was no way I could hide from being seen, as there were no trees or bushes to protect me. But, I had to get inside with the food and then hopefully I would be fucked. I was so damn horny, I would have fucked anything right then.
I got out, walked up the walk and rang the bell. Amber's daddy, Mr. Bill Wilson, answered the door. He said, "Well, slave Louise, glad to see you could make it. I am getting kind of hungry and I thought you might have gotten lost. Please come in."
I said, "I am sorry sir, but got held up at the drive through. It seemed like they were wanting to see my naked body before they served my food. But, I finally got it and I am also hungry and horny."
He just laughed and said, "Well, I am sure we can fix both of those things. Let's eat and then we can get the horny part taken care of. You do realize I am going to use you for the better part of the night. I can get it up very quick after each time I cum. So, I hope you are ready for it."
I said, "Yes sir, I am ready, willing and able. I just need to be fucked sir."
"Very good slave. Amber sure has trained you well. Let's eat so we can get down to business." He said.
He took me to the kitchen where I found the plates and silverware we needed and we sat down to eat. He was still dressed, but I was naked. We ate in silence as we were both hungry. But, as soon as we finished eating he said, "OK, we can clean up later. Let's go fuck."
He led me to his bedroom and when I walked in, I noticed it was so much bigger than my bedroom. I saw the bathroom and I think I could have put my living room inside of it. It was huge. But at the time all I wanted was a bed to fuck in. He took me into the bedroom and I saw the biggest bed I had ever seen before. It was a king, I guess, but looked so much bigger and had a canopy over it. Wow, I was in love with his bed.
He took his clothes off and we got on the bed. He didn't wait for any foreplay, he just got on top of me and shoved his nice cock into my cunt and fucked me. It didn't take me long to cum from his fucking. I was so horny and ready I came almost instantly. But he didn't cum that quick and I was grateful for that.
He just slowly fucked my hot cunt and I found I was cumming again and then again and again. I lost count after cumming 6 times from him fucking me and I was still cumming when he stiffened up and gave one last mighty push and he was cumming into me. He shot rope after rope of cum deep into my cunt and it felt so good. I had waited for a long time to be fucked like this.
He finally stopped cumming and just laid on top of me. He was a little heavy, but I didn't mind because I still had his cock inside me. We just stayed like that for a while and then he pulled out. He said, "Clean my cock slave."
I knew what he wanted, so scooted around to get his cock in my mouth. It was weird, but his cock never got soft. It just stayed hard for me to clean. I had never seen anyone able to keep it hard that long, especially after cumming like he did. I cleaned him all up and kept sucking till he pushed me away.
Then he said, "You know, that Viagra works like they advertise. My cock is still hard, so maybe we have about 4 hours to fuck before it goes down. And if it last longer, I don't think I'll need to call any friends to help. I am sure you can take care of it, can't you slave?"
Well, that explained why he was still hard. But, right now I didn't mind. I wanted more fucking and I needed to cum more. I had been unable to cum because Amber wasn't allowing it. But now, I can cum as much as he can make me.
I said, "Yes sir, I will do whatever it takes to make you happy. Amber told me to be good to you and that is what I will do. You got me for the night and I hope you can keep that beautiful cock up a long, long time."
"Yes, my Amber sure knows how to pick her slaves. So far, you are the hottest and best one she has had and I plan on fucking you a lot. Not just tonight, but in the future too." He told me.
Once I had his cock clean, he said, "OK, slave, time for some ass. Roll over and get it up in the air."
I did as he said, but asked, "Please be careful sir. I've only had one cock up there before and am kind of tight."
He laughed as he spits on my little rosebud and stuck a finger inside me. He added another finger and then another. He worked them around inside my asshole, making it bigger. He played with my back door for a short time, then stopped.
He said, "OK you little slut, time to take daddy up your ass."
And that's what he did. He put his cock to my brown hole and shoved. It hurt, but I knew enough not to say anything. It was going in, but it was slow. My ass was not wanting to get his cock.
So, I said, "Sir, Mistress spanked my ass the last time I had a big cock in it. Maybe if you slap me on my cheeks, it will be easier."
He did as I suggested and it hurt like hell. But, my ass did open for him and he got more into me. Then he spanked me more and it wasn't long and his big cock was all the way in with his balls slapping my cunt. Once he was balls deep, he stopped and waited for me to catch my breath and adjust to being full back there.
Once he thought I was ready, he started his fucking motion and I was feeling so good by now, I pushed back into him. I was doing the same thing I did with Mr. Bart, but I think I was enjoying Mr. Wilson so much more. At least this time I didn't have an audience of his daughter. He fucked my ass and when I was getting really warmed up, I reached under my belly and found my clit.
I started rubbing myself and I was soon cumming hard. He fucked me, I fucked him back and we were having a great time. He liked the fact that I was rubbing my clit and coaxed me to do more. I fingered my cunt while I played with my clit. Then I rubbed my big nipples with the other hand.
Mr. Wilson was really pounding into my ass hard and as he drove his big cock into my upturned ass, I was sliding toward the head board. He followed me until my head hit the wooden frame and I couldn't go any further. Then he pounded me even harder. He was fucking me so hard that his balls were almost sliding into my cunt with each thrust.
Then, he shoved into me super hard and stopped. I felt his cock twitching inside my ass and I knew he was cumming in me. I started cumming as he shot his second load of the night deep into my bowels. I was loving this man and his hard cock. I guess I am a slut after all.
I couldn't move. I was bent at the waist and couldn't straighten out. The head board stopped me at the front and Mr. Wilson stopped me from behind. I had to wait till he pulled out of my ass before I could lay down flat.
He stayed in me for a while and I knew his cock was still hard. It hadn't gone down since we started fucking. I wondered just how long it was going to stay up. If he lasted for the 4 hours that he thought, I would be one sore little slave.
He pulled out of my ass and had me turn around. "Time to get it clean little one." He said.
I looked at his cock and then to him. My eyes begged him not to make me do it. It isn't right to go from ass to mouth. But, his eyes told me I had to do it. So, swallowing my pride and all my thoughts, I took his nasty cock into my mouth. I hated doing this, but as a slave, I figured I had to do it. If I didn't, he would tell Amber and I would be punished.
Once I had his dirty cock in my mouth, I realized it wasn't all that bad. Yes, it tasted bad, but not that bad. It had a musky smell and taste, but at least I didn't taste shit. So, I sucked him clean and he was still hard as a rock. That damn pill works good.
I was sucking on his cock to clean it, but he said, "Well, I have fucked your cunt and your ass, so now I will fuck your mouth. Then I will have put cum in all your holes. Amber will be so proud of us."
Damn, he would have to ruin the moment. I was enjoying her daddy because it was just the 2 of us. But he had to mention Amber and it kind of made me feel bad. Or maybe instead of bad, just hurt.
But, I sucked his cock and he did fuck my mouth. He used my face, just like it was a cunt. He fucked me and drove his cock into my throat. Back and forth he went as I tried my best to suck him. The bad part was, he had just cum 2 times in me and this was taking so much longer.
My jaw started hurting and my throat was so sore. I wasn't sure I would be able to talk because of the abuse he was giving me. But, I didn't complain. Well, I couldn't complain because I had my mouth full of hard cock. He held me by the ears and used them as handles to push my head back and forth on his cock. It went deep into my throat and I felt his balls slap my chin. Then he would pull back to just the tip inside my lips. Then it was balls deep again. This went on for a good 20 minutes before he pulled back one last time, let go of my head and started jerking on his cock.
Then, I had a mouth full of hot cum. He told me not to swallow. He wanted me to hold his cum in my mouth, but I couldn't figure out why. He kept cumming and cumming into my mouth. It was getting hard to hold it all in. I never knew of a man that could cum this much.
Finally, he pulled out of my mouth and said, "Show me what you have slave."
I opened my mouth and almost lost the cum. It started dripping from the corners of my mouth. He laughed and said, "Ok, swallow it all now."
I swallowed 3 times before I had it all down. Then I had the after taste of his cum in my mouth. He said, "Now let's go to sleep. You can taste me all night now."
He had me lay down next to him and he held me while we both drifted off to sleep. Before he went to sleep he said, "Thank you Louise, I needed that. My wife used to do everything you just did for me. I'll set the alarm so you can be up in time to shower and get ready for school."
I slept very well that night. I love being in the arms of other people. I loved it when I was sleeping with Amber and love it sleeping with her daddy. Wouldn't mind spending a lot more time with him in the future.
I heard the alarm go off and as soon as he shut it off, he was on top of me, fucking me one more time before I had to leave. I liked that. A good fucking before sleeping and then another good fuck before leaving him. At least he said I could shower before going to school.
He fucked my hot cunt hard and fast and he was cumming in me quickly. I didn't even have the time to cum myself and was disappointed. But as soon as he shot his cum into me, he pulled out, made me suck him clean and then pushed me out of bed to get a shower.
Once I was cleaned up, inside and out, I dried off and fixed my hair. I was ready for school, since I had no clothes to wear. I kissed him goodbye, saying, "I sure hope Mistress Amber lets me be with you again. I enjoyed you fucking me and want more of it."
He said, "I am sure we will be together again. She always lets me have her slaves more than once, so we can plan on having some good sex in the future." He patted my naked ass and told me to go to school.
I drove to school, trying to remember all I had to do today. I knew I had to get to school before anyone showed up and get under April's desk so I could eat her pussy while she was teaching class. Then I had to be able to get dressed before her second period came in to catch me. It was going to be hard to do, but I feel I can do it.
I drove naked to school, got in the parking lot and then remembered, I may not have my keys to get in. Amber took them yesterday and put them in her pockets. I keep my house keys and school keys on one ring and my car keys on another. I frantically looked in my purse for the other set of keys.
If they are not in there, I would have to wait for Amber or April to show up to let me in, or just go home and take a sick day. I dug in my purse and found them. I was so relieved, but don't know when Amber put them back. I guess it could have been any time since I am not always looking at my purse. It was probably when I had my nose in the corner after school yesterday. But, at least I had them.
But that got me thinking some more. I would have to ask Amber how she got into my house since I was at her house and I had the keys with me. I hoped she hadn't made copies of my keys. If she did, that would mean she could walk in on me at anything and she also could get into the school after hours.
But, I must get in the school before anyone else arrives. I didn't notice any other cars in the lot yet. Amber wasn't there and neither was April, so I was alone. I just hope they make it to school. It would be very bad if they didn't come in and I was stuck under April's desk while I was naked.
But, I got my purse, keys in hand and walked naked to the school door. I let myself in and then made my way to April's room. Lucky for me that her door was not locked. I went inside the room, going straight to her desk. I dropped to my hands and knees and back in under her desk to wait to eat her pussy.
It seemed like forever before I heard noises in the hall. I hoped it was April or Amber coming in to check on me. April's door opened and I heard 2 sets of feet walking toward the desk. They stopped right at the desk and were talking. I heard all they said and was shocked at what I heard.
April said, "Amber, I want to thank you for last night. I had a great time eating your pussy and girl, you are the best pussy licker I have ever known. Maybe someday the slave will be almost as good, but that is doubtful."
Then Amber said, "Well, you know April you aren't that bad either. You did a great job on my pussy and I can't wait to do it again. The best part was we did it in her house and her bed. Well, it used to be her bed. I think from now on, she must keep it fresh for us and she can sleep in the little room. I'll tell her later when I decide if that is what I want."
They both giggled and then Amber looked under the desk. "I see you made it today slave. I know you just heard what we said, and yes, whenever you are home, you will change the sheets to my bed and will sleep in that little room from now on. My room is off limits to you, except to clean it up."
Then April looked under the desk and said, "Yes slave, you are going to be in trouble if you ever think of sleeping in the big bed again. That is reserved for us to have fun in. Now, are you ready to eat my pussy?"
I said, "Yes Ma'am. I am ready. I hope I can please you this morning."
Then she said, "I hope you can too slave because if not, you will stay there till you do and I might even expose you to the second class, which is the seniors English."
I wasn't sure when the seniors had their English class, but now I know. I am sure they had it planned for me to get her off just as the first class was leaving and I would be caught naked, trying to get some clothes on after eating her pussy. Yep, I was set up once again.
Amber spoke again. "Now as soon as April sits down slave, you better have your mouth and tongue working on her pussy. Go slow since you have 45 minutes before she is to cum. I expect a good report from her once you are done. Once she cums and moves out of the way, get out from under the desk and she will give you some clothes to put on. If you don't want my friends to see you naked again, you need to dress in a hurry. No matter what she gives you, you will put it on and walk out to your room. Understand me slave?"
I said, "Yes Mistress, I will obey and make Ms. April cum when I am supposed to. But please be sure I have clothes to wear for the rest of the day."
Both laughed and Amber said, "Oh, you will have some clothes to put on. You may not like them, but they will cover you enough so you are not in trouble. Now be quiet and be ready to eat a pussy."
Then before she left she asked, "Oh, by the way how was daddy last night. I bet he fucked you in all 3 holes, didn't he slave?"
I said, "Yes Mistress he did."
She then said, "Yep, just like he used to do to mama. She loved it when he made her take it all before he let her sleep. She was my slave at one time too."
Then she walked out of the room. I waited under April's desk for the bell to ring and when it did, I heard her students coming in, greeting her, just like mine did every morning. I kept waiting for April to sit down, but she had to get the class doing something before she did. She had made up a test for them and was handing them out, telling them not to turn the pages until she sat down and said go.
I think that was also my cue to start eating her pussy. Once she had all the tests given out, she pulled her chair out and sat down. Once she was sitting, she scooted up and spread her legs, giving me a good view of her bald pussy. I waited until she said go to her class.
She explained the rules for the test, saying that once done, just close the book and wait for the others to finish. She told them that once the dismiss bell rang they would come by her desk and put the booklets on the corner. Wow, I would be under her desk eating her pussy and as they all came to put the test down, she should be cumming.
Then, she scooted even closer to me and said, "GO."
I guessed the students were all busy with their test as I got busy licking her pussy. She did taste good, but still not as good as Amber. Maybe it is the age of the pussy that makes Amber's taste better. But, I did like April's pussy too and licked it all around. I licked and kissed her outer lips, then went to her inner lips, sucking them into my mouth. I would occasionally suck on her clit and when I did, she would jump a little. I thought that was kind of cute. Here I was eating her out in class and she is trying hard not to let her students know.
I licked her as she sat at her desk and she reached down to rub my head. She was moving her hips and I knew she was getting closer and closer to cumming for me. I didn't know how long I had been eating her, but figured it had to be close to the end of class. When she grabbed my head, pulling me into her pussy, I knew the time had come for her to cum.
I licked and sucked on her clit harder now and she was having a hard time sitting still. Her ass was up off the chair and her pussy was being pushed into my face. I sucked her clit and then bit it slightly. I heard the students getting up to leave and the bell was ringing. As soon as the bell rang, she came hard on my face and I got a good mouthful of pussy juice. I knew she was quite loud when she was cumming, but this time she had to be quiet. That had to be hard for her, but she asked for it.
Once all the students had left and before the next class came in, she moved back and allowed me to get out. I was expecting some clothes to put on, but she didn't have anything in her hands and nothing was on her desk.
I asked, "April, where are the clothes for me?"
"Oh," She said, "Amber is bringing them in. Remember it's her class and she wanted to bring you the clothes. So, just stand still and wait."
I knew it was going to be rough in school, but now I am out of my classroom naked and my class will see me once again. Amber can be so mean at times, but for some unknown reason, I was loving every minute of it. I did as April said, and stood naked in her classroom waiting for some clothes. Then I would have to dress and get to my class. I had to think of a reason why I was late for class, just as I made the students explain to me.
Finally, the next class started coming in and all of them saw me naked. Some spoke to me saying, 'Good morning Ms. Baker.' 'Love the outfit' 'Are you wearing that all day?'
Now my humiliation is complete. As I mentioned earlier, my math class is for the best of the best, so not all seniors were in my class. But, all the seniors are in April's English class, which means the rest of the seniors are now seeing me naked. The 15 students in my class saw me yesterday and now the additional 10 are seeing me today. I am fucked all the way around and I am sure now that April is working with Amber, it won't be the last time.
I stood before the whole senior class, naked as the day I was born and looking like a little girl with my tiny tits and no hair on my cunt. How could I ever explain to anyone why I was like this. I couldn't and I would be in jail. All it would take is one student to tell on me and I would be gone for sure.
I had all sorts of things going through my head and was so scared, but so excited to be standing naked before the class that would get to fuck me next weekend. They all knew me now and I was sure Amber wouldn't allow a mask for me. After all, I did say she could expose me.
Amber was the last to enter the room. She had my clothes in her hand. She walked up to me and said, "Ok, now everyone of my classmates have seen you. I do appreciate you giving them a nice view. Now, you will spend this class with us, just as you are. I have that student teacher filling in for these 2 classes today. So, my slave, will you obey us today?"
I hung my head and said, "Yes Mistress, I will obey."
"Good, now I want you to get on Mrs. Jones desk and spread your legs. I want everyone to see all your hot little cunt. You know, the cunt daddy got to fuck last night." Amber said.
I walked to the desk, climbed up on it facing the students. Then without even thinking, I spread my legs for them to see me. I looked at Amber and she was wanting me to spread them more, so I did. My legs were almost vertical to the desk and it looked like I was in a split. I could feel the cool air inside my cunt and knew I was open to all the students.
Then April spoke. "Ok, class, I have to ask you all to sit down so we can begin. But today will not be about English. Today will be about your math teacher and what will happen for the rest of the year. I have been working with Amber to make this all happen. And I have also been able to change some of the schedules around, so the slave will be free every Friday during this period."
Then Amber said, "That means we have our teacher for 3 periods on Fridays until the end of the year. This period, lunch period and math period. However, not all the seniors will be able to attend her math class, so whatever you get to do with her will have to be done on Fridays English class or lunch time. Is that OK with everyone?"
I was turning so red in the face and my legs were starting to hurt from being spread apart so much. But, my cunt was soaking wet and was winking at all the students. How can a teacher be like this? Naked for her class and loving it at the same time. I am so fucked up in the head. It is wrong, but I love it.
Amber continued after everyone agreed to what she said. "Now, we have to have some rules for her and us as well. First the most important rule will be no one that is here today will say one word about any of this to anyone. You can't tell your parents, your siblings, no one. Not even the milk man."
Everyone chuckled at her last comment. I even laughed at it. Who has a milk man anymore? But, I am very grateful that she has told everyone that they can't say anything to anyone. If it ever got out that I was naked for my students in school, I would be thrown under the jail.
Everyone listened to Amber again as she said, "Now I am going to print out the rules for her and will let you all know about them in math class. And for today, the rest of the senior class will join us in that class. I want everyone to hear them at the same time. I have arranged, with the help of Mrs. Jones to get all the other seniors a free pass for the period following lunch. But, our class will begin at lunch in the math room."
Everyone cheered for that. This is great. Well, great for them, but not me. I am naked before them now and will be for lunch and math class. I just want to crawl in a hole and die. But at the same time, I want to be used by all of them.
Then April spoke. "Today we are not having English. Instead, we would like you to get familiar with your math teacher. Feel free to touch, grope, finger and pinch her anyplace you wish. But, no sex. That must wait until the senior party where all of you will get to use her for whatever you wish. Then once the party has happened, every Friday will be no holds barred with your nice teacher."
That was all it took. The students got up and came up to me. They had their hands all over me. They grabbed my little tits, pinched my nipples, fingered my cunt and even my ass. They rubbed me all over and some even put their fingers in my mouth. I was so hot and horny, I started cumming from all the groping and the students loved it. But this gave me an idea of what was to come in my classes on Fridays from now on. At least it won't be boring.