I cannot help but recall the events of this past spring; an experience none of us will ever forget. I remember it often; I wanted to spoil Kate, my beautiful wife, by giving her the vacation of her dreams. The cold winter was getting to us so I arranged our vacation in Florida, a sunny getaway from snow, ice and cold.
When she asked what to pack, I told her I would take care of it. I packed her bag, including three swimsuits. The first was a white, unlined one-piece. The second, a bikini, barely large enough to contain her wonderful breasts, with a French cut at the hips and barely enough material in the back to cover anything. The third suit was a tiny string bikini, two pieces of string and three triangles of material, so small they just covered her nipples and pussy. I tossed in the usual toiletries, extra sunscreen, several Hawaiian wraps, and a black evening gown with a low back and a slit up the side to the top of her hip.
Our day arrived. A car picked her up at work and drove her to the airport where I was waiting. I wore a white linen shirt, a straw hat, and linen trousers, through which an observant person would immediately notice my lack of underwear. If one looked closely, they could even make out the veins in my hardening dick as my wife made her appearance.
Following a smooth flight, we landed in Florida, grabbed our bags and went outside where a limousine from the bed and breakfast waited. A tall, bronzed man stood holding a sign printed in four-inch letters with our names. He took our bags, and held the door while we got in. He stood in such a way, that as we got in, my wife had to brush her ass against his thighs. Kate told me how much she liked his treat, as she felt like he was larger than any man she had seen.
Soon, the car turned onto a circular drive before a house surrounded by tropical plants. Our driver opened the door and told us to make ourselves at home, and he would take our bags to our bungalow. I saw him give my wife a wink as he returned to the car.
We walked through the double doorway and into the house. A set of steps led down to a living room, where we found our hosts seated. I think we must have been early; the hostess wore a light-blue, wrap-around dress, tied with a sash, although at the time, it hung completely open. She was on her knees, giving her husband a blowjob as they awaited our arrival. Her large firm breasts hung free, olive colored, topped with saucer-size areolas and the largest hardest nipples I have ever seen. Startled when she saw us in the room, she stood, closed her wrap and approached. After an embarrassed apology, she introduced herself as Nae, and her husband, who had just finished buckling his pants, as Ricky. They were a stunning couple; embarrassed, but stunning.
Nae showed us to our bungalow. Angel, the driver had already put our bags in the room. He had also unpacked them, leaving one bathing suit for each of us on the bed, along with sunscreen and a huge white towel. Nae offered drinks, and told us to change and meet her in the center courtyard so she could show us to the beach. We put on our swimsuits and went outside.
We found Nae holding a bamboo tray with our drinks. She had also changed her clothing; she was wearing a white bikini, which appeared as if painted on her incredible body. She was a short, slightly plump, large breasted woman. Her nipples were still hard as rocks, and showed through the sheer material of her bikini. We took our drinks and followed her down a path toward the beach. I started getting hard, watching Nae's round ass moving under the gossamer wrap.
On the beach, Nae pointed to two gazebos; one was empty, Ricky was in the other. Nae showed us to the empty one. While she was showing how to adjust the curtains, she managed to untie the string top of her bikini. Another wave of her hand untied the strings on the bikini bottom and that too fell to the ground. She now stood before us naked, not a tan line visible, a bronzed goddess. We looked over to Ricky, and he too was nude. I was thrilled to see this but Kate appeared tense, and quickly dove into the gazebo.
I decided to join Ricky and Nae, so I pulled down my own shorts. My cock sprang free as my waistband passed over it causing Nae to giggle. She told me she liked my shaved appearance and asked how I prevented ingrown hairs. We continued talking about shaving and sipping our drinks; all the while she watched my crotch, smiling as my cock twitched, stirred, and hardened under her gaze.
Just as I reached half-mast, Kate called me into the gazebo and asked what was going on. I told her how Nae was asking for shaving tips. Kate looked at my semi-hard cock and warned me to not do anything without her. Nae must have heard this, as she started laughing and left for her own gazebo. Kate and I lay down together to relax and listen to the waves.
I woke up later, the sun shining directly upon us. I rolled onto my side, and felt my prick; it was not only erect, but standing upright, and getting a good tan. I looked at Kate, and could see that she shared my excitement, but did not wish to display it. I stretched to give her a kiss, but she whispered in my ear, telling me that there was something about Nae which she found not just attractive, but sexy. She said she could not stop thinking about Nae's nipples and how she had watched what appeared to be Nae's pussy lips hardening. I could see Kate's pussy was getting moist as she described her thoughts about Nae. We stole glances at Nae and Ricky, they were sound asleep, as nude as the day they were born.
That evening we went to town for dinner. I had forgotten to pack underwear for Kate, and she had nothing to wear but her evening gown. She was nervous, unused to the being bare, but still excited as we ate and then walked along the streets, window shopping and taking in the sights..
We returned to our bungalow to find the hot tub open and steaming. Kate stood at the edge of the tub and removed her dress with the skill of an exotic dancer. One shoulder, then the other, one breast covered by her hand, then the other; followed by a wiggle to let her gown fall to the ground. The lights behind her silhouetted her in the most flattering of ways as she stripped for my pleasure. She stepped into the tub, sat down and told me to join her. I could not get my clothes off fast enough.
We sat, relaxing in the steamy waters, but soon we heard voices. Nae and Ricky were coming to join us. They stripped, slipped into the tub and we began talking.
Soon, Kate looked at me with a glaze eyed, pre-orgasmic look. I watched her slowly moving her hips in a seductive manner. I could not figure out what she was doing, until she threw her head back, in an out of control, intense orgasm. A moment later, I saw Nae lift her hand out of the water and lick her fingers. Nae had brought my wife off, right in front of me and Kate had thought it was me doing it. Kate, after a moment, climbed from the tub and disappeared into our bungalow. While watching her go, I felt a foot in my crotch, first one toe, then another, I looked at Nae and she smiled. I could not help it, I was enjoying this stranger's touches; it excited me and was bringing me toward orgasm.
I stood, surprised by the events; my hard cock bouncing as I exited the tub. I ran to our bungalow to think about these happenings. Kate was already in bed and I climbed in next to her. She turned to me, kissed me on the lips, and looking directly into my eyes, called me Nae. She knew what she had said; she knew who had fingered her in the tub. With no apologies, she led me into our best love making session in years.
*****
Morning came early, much too early; the smell of unbridled sex still hung in the air. I rolled over to see if the night was a dream or if it was real. It was real; the sheets were a mess, the pillows tossed everywhere and the chair was a shambles. Kate was on her back, naked on top of the sheets, one arm over her head, the other across her torso. Her breasts lay flattened against her chest, her nipples still rosy from the excitement of the night. She still had obvious traces of my sperm on her lips, breasts, and belly. Her thighs shone with the glow of pleasure.
She heard me stirring and looked at me, a pleased grin spread across her face. She sat up, unashamed of her naked beauty. She did not kiss me as she usually does in the morning, but instead, teased me by moving toward my mouth, then ducking to kiss my chest. She licked my nipples, tongued my belly button, and then licked the tip of my erection. She didn't stop there, but kept going down, taking first my right ball, then my left, under the care of her tongue. I was harder than ever, already ready to burst when Kate stuck her tongue into the slit in the head of my penis.
I enjoyed the sensation, reclined on the bed, watching her beautiful ass bouncing up and down. Suddenly, I saw a figure at the door, heard a knock, and the door opened. It was Nae, bring a pot of the best smelling coffee I had ever smelled. Her stiff nipples betrayed her arousal, and I thought I saw some moisture running down her leg. She said, "Sorry, I could not watch, err wait any longer, the coffee was getting cold. Ricky will bring your breakfast in soon. Meanwhile lay back, enjoy the coffee, and anything else your hearts desired." She turned to leave and a breast slipped out of the sheer Hawaiian wrap she wore. She winked at Kate in appreciation of the unintended show.
Once Nae left, we decided to get up and get moving. I went in to the bathroom to shower, but found it did not have one, only a door which opened to a private garden area. Upon inspection, we discovered it was a garden shower; walls of rose vines in which were hidden showerheads and faucets, one on each side of the garden. The water ran through the deck and down to water the plants. A small table held fragrant soaps and shampoos for us to use.
We turned on both showers, adjusted the temperature and stepped in. Kate began washing hair, her back to me. I got a good hand full of lather and reached around her waist to caress her stomach, and then moved up toward her breasts. In moments, her nipples were fully erect. She pulled away, saying they were too sensitive, but then felt my stiffening dick slide between her ass cheeks. She reached between her legs and found the head of my cock near her opening. She cupped me, and moved it between her soft, moist lips. It always amazes me, even though we were in the shower, surrounded by water, the feel of her pussy juices is very different from any other kind of moisture. She pushed her ass back into me, allowing me to penetrate. I ran my hands over the entire front of her body, soaping every inch of her. All the while, I kissed the back of her neck, behind her ear at the hairline, and the sides near her collarbone. She moaned audibly and I swore I heard someone else moaning too, but it must have been my imagination.
Kate's ass rocked back and forth. I could feel her juices running down our legs. She then pulled away, and spun under the shower to rinse off all the soap. She kissed my neck, and then wrapped a leg around my thigh while we stood in the shower. She leaned back and purred, "Now it is your turn."
She wrapped her other leg around my other thigh forcing me to support her entire weight. She lifted her pelvis and without using her hands guided my cock into her warm folds. She took me all the way in so fast I could scarcely believe it. I touched her cervix with the tip of my cock. It was as if Kate was flying, weightless. She lifted herself up and slid back down on my cock, grinding her clit into my pelvis with each thrust. Kate leaned back, and shouted, "Lick my tits, suck my nipples, now!"
Who was I to refuse this tasty treat? I lowered my head to her breasts. I had never seen her so excited; her areola, hard and rough and her nipples protruded nearly an inch. Just then, my balls tightened and the tip of my cock became so sensitive it almost hurt. At the same time, her pussy tightened around my shaft, tightest around the base and pulsing up the entire length. I came inside her, feeling each spurt of semen moving through my shaft. I felt her own spurting orgasm with my shaft, still buried inside her. Her come juices ran out, hit my balls and ran down my legs.
She went limp and slipped down and off of me, barely able to stand. I washed her one final time and wrapped her in a large white robe to dry.
We returned to the bungalow, where we found Ricky waiting with our breakfast. He was conservatively dressed, wearing a linen shirt with marlins and martini glasses embroidered on a blue background. He wore beige linen trousers, or almost wore them. His penis was sticking out of his opened fly, red lipstick smeared all over his shaft. Kate watched fascinated by his uncut penis, half of the head stuck out from beneath the foreskin, and the loose skin moved back and fourth as Ricky moved. He carried a large wooden tray covered with small banana leaves, on top of which were some of the best- looking empenadas I had ever seen. We also had fried plantain, and a white garlic sauce with an incredible aroma.
Ricky talked about the good time we had in the hot tub last night. I did not know if he knew about the Nae's extra fun, although from the way he acted, I think Nae had told him every detail. I said, "The only thing that could have made it better was a massage."
Ricky said, "Would you like one? Nae is a licensed massage therapist and we have a table out back."
Kate perked up at this, but I said, "Maybe later, after breakfast I really want to go down to the beach and relax."
Ricky continued, "That would be great. Since you're freshly showered, Nae can do Kate as soon as you finish eating, I'll tell Nae to meet you at the table."
Ricky put the tray down and left. Kate and I picked at the food, and sipped coffee for a few minutes, but we really were more interested in the planned activities. We pushed the half-eaten meal aside and stepped out into the morning. Behind the bungalow, we found Ricky standing at the massage table. Ricky took Kate by the arm and led her to the table. He told her to remove her clothing, lie on the table and cover herself with the sheet. He said Nae would be along soon. I left with Ricky as Kate dropped her robe and climbed on the table.
Since it was a short walk to the beach and everyone had already seen me nude, I decided to be brave and leave my robe in the bungalow. I walked nude over the dune and saw Angel standing in the surf, fishing. He was nude also. His buttocks were firm, almost sculpted. He turned and I saw what Kate had felt when we got in the car; this man was hung. His cock was as big around as my arm, and hanged halfway to his knees. His balls looked like two tennis balls in their sack. I wished Kate could be here to see this treat. I couldn't help but wonder how much blood it must take to fill that thing when he gets excited. We waved to each other.
I settled in to read a novel I had picked up at the airport. Before I finished the first chapter, Ricky arrived and removed his clothing. He still had the lipstick on his dick from earlier but I pretended to ignore it.
"Don't worry about Kate. I just left her with Nae, she's in good hands. I think it's shaping up to be a massage she'll never forget," reported Ricky. He continued, "I am sorry, I didn't realize I was unzipped this morning. I hope I didn't show too much when I brought breakfast. You see, Nae was giving me a massage and we could hear you thru the flowers. You were in the shower, so we had to stop to watch. Nae loved the way Kate climbed up you, and well, I guess you have figured, she is very talented orally."
I actually had no knowledge of Nae's oral ability, but as that was the second time she had blown him since our arrival, she must be good; I just nodded. He added, "I hope you don't mind that we watched you, it was incredible."
My cock stirred at the thought of them watching what may have been the best sex of our lives. Ricky noticed I was getting harder, and said it was ok, no need for me to be embarrassed. All I could do was smile, and my cock grew hard as I relived the memory.
*****
Nae did not say a word, just went straight to her work; she pulled the sheet down to Kate's buttocks, and began working her oiled hands up and down Kate's back. She worked from her butt to her shoulders, then back down the sides. Kate felt a tingle when Nae's hands brushed the sides of her breasts, but Nae didn't linger and kept working. Next, Nae worked on Kate's feet, and then up her legs. Kate was wiggling, and the sheet fell off, but she never noticed. Nae continued working her legs and eventually reached her buttocks.
"Do you mind? I am going to massage your glutes now." Kate turned her head to make eye contact with Nae for the first time. She grinned, and moaned an acknowledgement. She noticed that Nae was completely nude, as well as the missing sheet. Kate was too relaxed to worry and too comfortable to care. She had never looked closely at Nae earlier, and took the opportunity now; Nae had firm, and perky breasts which seemed to defy gravity. They were huge, topped with large hard nipples.
Nae started working on Kate's round ass. She worked her hands deeply into the muscles, working from the hips inward. Soon, she was working the muscles around Kate's anus. Kate had never allowed anyone to touch her there, but she was too relaxed to say anything. Before Kate knew it, Nae slipped her thumb into Kate's ass, and began rubbing her fingers against her thumb through Kate's vagina. Kate got hot, something she did not expect; the idea of sex with a woman normally disgusted her, but right now, it just seemed right.
Nae worked her like this for a few minutes, and then asked Kate to roll over. Kate flipped onto her back, naked on the table under Nae. Nae began working on her neck, then her shoulders and stomach. She again massaged Kate's feet and again worked up her legs toward her pelvis. Kate's body relaxed, allowing a leg to fall off the table, leaving her wide open and displaying her shaved pussy for Nae. Nae continued rubbing until there was a large wet spot on the table, then without warning, leaned in and blew on Kate's clit. Her tongue darted out and licked up one side and down the other, careful not to enter but staying between the inner and outer labia. Kate tensed but soon relaxed, it felt good having a skilled tongue and no whiskers. She grabbed Nae's head and pulled her in. Nae pushed her tongue in as far as she could and sucked, licked and blew on the sensitive parts until Kate tensed and had her second orgasm of the day. Kate's ejaculated fluids hit Nae in the face, soaking her down to her breasts.
The girls lay together in the sun hugging. When the afterglow began to die, and the moment started feeling awkward, Nae rose, covered Kate with the sheet and told her, "When you're ready, get up, put on your robe, take a long shower and we will all see you on the beach. Please don't worry. I find you sexy, and alluring. I am very much in love with Ricky but cannot resist a woman so beautiful. Your husband will understand. Mine does. And yours seems like a keeper."
Kate got up and wandered back to her room where she stood under the shower for twenty minutes, unsure of the emotions she was experiencing. While uncertain, she was excited; she was on vacation and enjoying the awakening of her sexuality.
*****
The sun was wonderful but I was glad to be in the shade of the gazebo. I looked up from my novel and soaked in the scene of the beach. Small sand birds were running along the water's edge. Ricky was in his gazebo reading and Angel was still fishing, or was he? Nae was standing with Angel, their backs toward shore. They were deep enough that the crystal blue water was just below Nae's ass. I could no longer see Angel's dick hanging between his legs; I blinked to see better and sure enough, Nae had his monster in her hand. She was stroking him and they must have been at it for a while because the next thing I saw was his white sperm fly out and land in the water. She looked up and kissed him on the cheek, then came bouncing out of the water to greet both Ricky and I.
I watched his huge cock as it deflated, I had thought it was big earlier, but now I was truly impressed. I wished Kate were here to see this, a cock bigger than any I had ever seen before.
Nae was nude except for a fishnet robe, which truly accessorized her body. She bounded up to my cabana with a smile, "I am glad you and Kate are here. She is such a sweet person." She looked at me critically, "You'd better be careful. It looks like you are getting too much sun."
I thanked her for her concern, and asked, "Where is Kate?"
Nae replied with a wide grin, "She is so relaxed now, she went back to your bungalow to shower and sleep for a while. Why don't you put on more sun screen and relax before going to check on her."
With that, she skipped over to Ricky's gazebo. Ricky, focused on his book, paid no attention as she approached. She crawled onto his body, kissed his legs and made her way past him onto the gazebo platform. He put down his book long enough to smile and wink at her and then continued reading.
Nae laughed and I heard her say, "You will not ignore ME mister." I looked, saw her grab his limp dick in her hand and her head dive right at his balls. I saw him stiffen in her hand while she licked his balls, continuing until he was fully erect.
Ricky put down his book, and said, "That chapter is done, now for this chapter." He leaned back on his arms, and enjoyed the tongue-lashing. Ricky had been right; she was gifted orally. I had never seen anyone truly make love to a cock the way she did, licking up and down, in and out, fast and slow; she never stayed with one method long, but kept changing, and Ricky kept enjoying. I did not want to openly watch, but they made no attempt to hide their amour.
Nae stopped, she and Ricky looked at each other then Nae rose and walked toward me. She put a seductive wiggle in her hips as she strolled over to my cabana. She crawled onto the platform, and sat down with her legs crossed. "I can not tell you how much we enjoyed watching you and Kate in the shower. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you two. We would like to return the favor, however Kate will be asleep for a while. Will you join us in our cabana and watch as we play?"
"I promised I would not do anything without her," was all I could say.
Nae looked thoughtful, and responded, "Is watching doing something? You don't have to join, just watch. Trust me, Kate is more than satisfied right now." I gathered Nae was not telling me everything and I let my imagination run with it for now.
"OK, you make up your mind, but after enjoying your wife for the past hour with her massage, I can not take it, I need Ricky now. You can stay here, or come get a close look. You and Kate will have a lot to talk about tonight." With that, she got up, and pranced back to Ricky where she resumed her place between his legs.
I watched for a while, enjoying the show until I could no longer resist. I got up, and walked to their platform, my dick swayed awkwardly side to side as I crossed the beach. Nae looked up, smiled, and between slurps said, "I'm glad you decided to get a better view."
She sat up, held Ricky's stiff member in her hand, straddled him, and in one quick action, mounted him. I heard the sloppy sound of her juices as she began rhythmically riding him. I could see her pussy lips were swollen, almost purple with excitement. I had never noticed before, but Nae was shaved, only a patch of pubic hair remained; shaved in the shape of a heart. Her lips were smooth and wet, very wet.
As a very hetero male, I usually do not notice what other men's packages look like. I can tell you though, Ricky had a beautiful tool, his foreskin pulled back, exposing the brown heard, unlike the pasty white I have seen on others. His veins looked perfect, so dark they could have been painted or sculpted. I can say this with comfort, secure in my masculinity; he had the nicest cock I have ever seen, perfect in proportion, size, and color.
While I was lost in observing Ricky's manhood, Nae lifted herself, and allowed his cock head to play outside her lips, then slowly enter, back and forth, with strings of pre-cum connecting their bodies. Again, she lowered herself, so slowly you could tell when the head passed the ring and entered her canal. It looked so wonderful I almost came, without even having anyone touch me..
She rode Ricky for a little while then got up and went on all fours, facing me. Ricky knelt behind her and with a push, entered her. I sat, watching the joy on her face, only a foot away, her breasts swaying, her nipples brushing the mat. She looked me in the eyes, and in a low purr, said, "Do it, touch yourself. Make yourself cum in my face. You want it, and so do I. I will think of sucking you off while Ricky fucks me. I won't make you break your promise to Kate."
She closed her eyes and squirmed back into Ricky. I had so much pre-cum dripping that I did not need any lotion. The feel of my hand stroking my penis sent shocks and chills down my spine and I nearly came right then. My hand began moving, almost of its own volition, up and down, over the head, and then down the underside of my cock.
Nae's face changed; she was nearing climax. Ricky uttered, "I'm cumming babe, oh, I want you."
Nae closed her eyes, and shuddered, tensed, and rode her orgasm for a long time. Right then, I exploded, more cum than I thought possible; it shot up, arched, and hit Nae in the face. She opened her eyes, brought back to reality by the hot sperm hitting her face. I apologized but she took a finger, wiped some cum from her face into her mouth and swallowed, "Mmm spicy. You must have had empenadas this morning."
*****
I needed to get out of the heat, both of the sun and the scene before me. I needed to get some water, and find Kate. I walked still naked, back up the trail to the bungalow. To my surprise and horror, sitting at the garden table was a group of women. Angel, now dressed in his service uniform, was serving tea and coffee cake. All five women were beautiful, dressed in their Sunday finest – flowery pastel dresses, long pearl necklaces and fancy hats. They took their tea in dainty china cups, and picked at the cake with their fingers. All in all, they seemed to be group of high society women.
The silence when I walked out in front of them was palpable. One of them dropped her teaspoon, another spat out her cake. All eyes were on me, including Angel's.
What could I do? I smiled, waved, and said, "Excuse me ladies, I seem to be under dressed. I will be right back," and I calmly (but quickly) continued on my way. I saw Angel grinning at my embarrassment.
I paused when I heard one of the women say, "Nice ass. You may want to put on some sunscreen. You're looking a bit red." My heart skipped a beat, but I kept walking, head held high. Later I learned, the women were from the local garden club; if only they knew about the special ingredients used to keep everything fertile and blooming.
I made it into the bungalow, closed the door and lay down next to my honey. She stretched, and looked at me with sleepy eyes. I asked if she had enjoyed her massage. In a sleepy voice, she said, "Oh baby, it was the best experience I have ever had. We need to discuss it however. You know how I made you promise not to have sex with Nae without me...well... I kind of... had sex with her."
My cock began stirring again and she saw my excitement. I said, "Tell me about it."
She described the scents, the touches, and her emotions; oddly, she as she told me this tale of incredible sex, she never used any vulgarities or obscene language, no obvious sexual description. She related through her words, a flowing story of pure and unadulterated joy in a way I never could. It was magical. All I could do was hug her, hold her, and caress her
She started crying, "Honey, I thought you would be upset. You are the only one who has touched me for fifteen years. I didn't know anyone else thought I was pretty, but Nae, she...well... you know. I never knew I was a lesbian before, but I still crave men. I crave you."
"No darling, you are not lesbian. You were curious, a sexual being. I think it is wonderful. I'm happy for you. Let me tell you what happened out on the beach" I told her, in far less elegant language, about watching Nae and Ricky, and about masturbating in front of Nae.
Kate laughed and said, "I think I got the best of the deal."
I agreed and told her about the walk in the garden. She laughed so hard and so long, she couldn't breathe. I am glad she was amused at my antics.
We lounged in bed for a while, laughing, teasing, and reliving our experiences. We finally decided to get dinner, and refuel our bodies for the fun, which surely lay ahead. We dressed, and started walking into town, just as the garden club women were getting in their cars. They all looked at me and giggled.
Kate looked at them and said, "Too bad you can not see him in bloom. It is quite a sight." She grabbed my crotch, gave it a squeezed, and we walked off with our arms wrapped around each other.
*****
We returned from our afternoon on the town, more in love than ever before. We were enjoying every aspect of our vacation. We needed some alone time, no sex, and we got that too. Back at the house, we found nobody home; the garden was silent, the hot tub empty, nobody getting a massage and no one at the beach. We had the place to ourselves.
I took the cover off of the hot tub and checked the water. Kate did not bother going to the bungalow to change; she stripped right where she stood. I followed suit and soon we were in the tub enjoying the feel of the jets on our sun drenched, and sexually charged bodies
Kate looked at me and said, "I want to eat you, right here, in the tub."
I thought this was a grand idea and sat up on the edge of the tub where she could work her magic on me. Just as we were getting into it, Kate's eyes went wide. I knew someone was standing behind me and turned around. It was Angel and he was naked. He was also fully erect. Kate looked shocked. My dick fell out of her mouth and she said, "Oh, have mercy. That is the biggest dick I have ever seen." She then asked if we could leave, she did not want to be fucked by something which would leave her unable to walk for a week. It was so large it would not even fit in her mouth.
Angel heard her comment and said, "It is ok, few women can take this. I understand. I prefer to watch because it can be painful, may I watch?"
Kate agreed but asked him to stand within sight so she could also watch him. She began licking me again, but differently because she was watching Angel while sucking me, probably imagining her mouth around his monster cock. After a few minutes, Kate stopped, out of breath, "I can't go on anymore, I just came. I need to rest," was all she said. It was ok, and Angel appeared satisfied.
Soon, Nae and Ricky came around the corner. They dropped their robes and jumped in the tub without a word. Nae gave everyone quick pecks on the cheeks and said, "I hope I didn't miss anything."
We laughed. Ricky produced a bottle of wine from behind the spa and poured a glass for everyone. A nice Cuban red wine, one I had never tasted before, of course, I was unaware any wine came from Cuba at all. Ricky explained that he could not import this wine legally, and then grinned and asked if I liked Cuban cigars. Never having had one, I said, "Yes, I'd love one."
Ricky got up and went into the house. Soon he came back with three cigars, and lit one for each of us. As we smoked, we talked about the making of these cigars, and the reason they were illegal for import. Pleased, Kate and I eventually excused ourselves and got out of the tub to cool off for a while.
We stood next to the tub toweling off and Nae commented on how clean shaven Kate's pussy was an how pretty her lips looked with the water on them. Kate blushed, and parted her legs further to look for herself. Nae closed in, slipped between Kate's legs, and began kissing Kate's mound. Kate didn't flinch from the touch, but instead reached over and put one hand on my thigh and the other on Nae's head. It was a grand sight, Nae was half in the water, half-standing, eating my wife out. Behind Nae sat Angel and Ricky, obviously enjoying the view. Angel's monster cock stuck out of the water, while Ricky sat back, puffing on his cigar, and watching with admiration.
Not wanting me to miss the show, Kate began sucking my dick again. Ricky moved behind Nae's ass and started licking her pussy. Angel stood beside Nae, placed his cock under her breasts, and began fucking her tits. Kate reached down to fondle Nae, and in turn, feel Angel's cock. She obviously liked what she was feeling; never before had she felt another woman's breasts.
All five of us were in bliss. Ricky had to get out of the water, and suggested we adjourn to the deck. Everyone agreed and got out of the tub. Kate rolled onto her back, Nae started sucking Kate's left breast, me her right. Ricky took Nae's place between Kate's legs. Everyone but Angel was getting a piece of Kate, and she told him, "I may not be able to suck you, but I can nibble. Get over here."
Angel straddled Kate's face, allowing his balls to dangle over her mouth making it appear as if she was bobbing for apples. She reached up stroked him with both hands. This hulk of a man was obviously happy with the treatment he was getting. I loved seeing Kate enjoying herself.
Nae and I each worked on a breast, Kate's neck and her stomach. Sometimes we met and kissed each other while pleasuring Kate. Nae interrupted, "Kate, can your husband fuck you right now. I have something I have been dying to do."
Kate was curious and said, "Yeah, sure." Ricky moved away, I moved over, and slid in with ease. Nae produced a pillow, and slid it under Kate's ass and instructed us to spread our legs as wide as we could. Nae then proceeded to eat us both at the same time. With her head tucked under my ass, she licked Kate's slit as I slid my shaft in and out. She licked my balls, Kate's labia, my shaft, and both of our anuses.
I looked up and saw Ricky with his dick buried deep in Nae's ass. He was leaning over on top of her back and licking the back of her neck. In a matter of minutes, Angel groaned, and spewed a load, which landed in my hair and all over Kate's breasts. I in turn released deep inside Kate's pussy; she tensed and began breathing in ladder steps, and then came so hard, we could hear Nae choking on the gushing fluids. Nae kept eating both of us ferociously, and we heard her coming as Ricky unloaded deep into her bowels.
We lay on the deck for a few minutes, and then one by one, slithered back into the hot tub to wash off and bask in the glow.
*****
We could barely sleep. We had experienced things in the past twenty-four hours which both excited us and scared us. We made love again and decided to go watch the sunrise over the ocean. We went out as the first hint of red hit the sky and headed to the beach wearing our Hawaiian wraps. A cool shore fog hung in the air, kissing all it touched with its misty fingers. We walked on the beach, barefoot. I heard speedboat somewhere off shore, racing into the rising sun.
Angel and Ricky stood in the water; their linen pants clung to their legs from the knees down. They were lifting wooden crates out of the water and stacking them on the beach. They appeared shocked when they saw us. Ricky admonished us for sneaking up on them, "Good Morning. Please go, you didn't see anything. Understand?"
No, not really, this was a different behavior for Ricky. We left quickly, ignoring the sound of the speedboat fading in the distance.
The fog thickened at sunrise, not an uncommon event for this time of the year. Kate and I walked hand in hand down the beach, the moisture feeling cool on our skin. Periodically she put her hand on my waist, and played with my thin cotton wrap. It was a great walk. We made each other laugh, we chased each other thru the shallow waves, and we kicked water at each other. When one caught the other, we kissed passionately.
Kate caught me by the wrap during one chase; she pulled and it came off in her hands. She stopped, laughed, and taunted me with the wrap. I stood on the beach, naked. After chasing for another five minutes, she said, "Tell you what, I know how much you like running around nude, so stay that way. The fog is heavy enough, and it is so early, we won't see anyone. We haven't seen a soul all morning; it's still too early. Besides, if someone comes along, I'll cover you."
I decided to accept her kind offer. There is nothing like the feeling of walking around outside without a stitch. Besides, she will cover me if we do come across anyone. We walked another mile, our legs were beginning to tire so we sat down on the beach to rest. As the fog began lifting, I saw a man fishing in the shallow water. I had not seen him before and wondered how long he had been there.
Kate leaned to my ear, and whispered, "Let's head back." She got up, and ran back down the beach with my wrap trailing behind her.
I sat, waiting for her to return, but she obviously was not going to do so; I had to get up and run after her. I hoped the fisherman wouldn't notice; three... two... one... I sprinted in Kate's direction. I heard the fisherman whistle a cat call as I ran, then to my left, I heard Kate's laugh. She ran after me at full speed, tackled me and rolled with me on the sand. When we finally stopped, I realized Kate did not have my wrap. Nor did she have hers. She too was nude. It was as natural as could be.
We splashed and ran in the waves for a while and before we knew it, the fog had lifted. I asked Kate where our wraps were and she said they were on the post at the edge of the dunes. She pointed, but there was no post anywhere nearby. Well back up the beach, we could barely see them. We could also see a group of people gathering near the post, apparently setting up a picnic.
I posed the question, "Shall we go get them, or take a chance and walk home like this, it is up to you my dear."
Timidly, she replied, "We really ought to get them. What if Angel is having another tea party, I do not want to be a treat too." She giggled, "Besides, they look young. We can show them what they will look like in twenty years." That said, she slapped my ass and ran toward them.
I followed, took her hand, and we strolled up to the group as if we were not nude. One of the guys watched as we walked up. The girls, who were sunning topless covered themselves.
"Hi guys, those wraps are ours, please excuse us," was all I could think to say. There was eight of them, all college age, equally split between girls and guys..
One of the sunbathers stood up, dropped her covering and held out a hand, "Hi, I'm Renee. Sure, get them if you really insist, but I would rather you didn't." She looked us up and down, and pulled at the top of her thong.
One man stood and greeted my wife, "Hi, I'm Shane. Renee is the friendly one of the crowd. She told us this beach was private, not nude. Sorry dude, we were not expecting to see you here, you know."
I apologized and asked them why they were not at work or in school. One of the guys spoke up, "We have classes tomorrow, but this afternoon we are off." We talked for about ten minutes, then I realized we were still the only nude ones there. I paused, apologized again and reached for our wraps.
Renee burst out, "Stop, no need for you to be the only ones." She stood, put a thumb under each side of her thong and pulled it down and off. Her friends all turned and stared, mouths dropping open. She was stunning. I know girls did not look like that when I was that age. She had small perky breasts. Her left nipple was pierced with a little silver bar. She was shaved into a thin landing strip over a shaved pussy. Kate punched my shoulder to bring me back to reality.
Everyone else stood to greet us. The other topless girl also dropped the remainder of her suit. She was plump and had breasts larger than Kate did. She was also pale; probably the first time she had ever been nude outside. It was great to see her have the courage to strip in front of both friends and strangers.
Shane then rose, dropped his boxers, and reached into his backpack. He had a very hairy ass, and when he turned back around, his pubic hair was so thick, I could barely see his genitals. He had pulled a joint out of his pack, and asked if we wanted to join in a smoke.
We passed the fatty around, laughed, and got high. One by one, the others shed their clothes. Two of the guys left their pants on, obviously covering hard-ons. Kate teased them about proving they were men, saying that if they were real men, they would not let these naked women intimidate them. The last two guys looked back and forth, and dared each other to be first to strip. Finally, all the gals began to count to three... two... one..., and at the same time, both of the guys dropped their shorts. They were both sporting hard dicks. They were embarrassed and we laughed at their expense.
We hung out with this group for a while. A second joint came out, and soon, everyone was nude. The two guys who we had teased into stripping, had moved off with their girlfriends. We could see them in the dunes, side by side, their girlfriends blowing them. The guys were egging each other on, and we heard, "I'll bet I cum first."
Shane asked if we should go watch. Renee jumped at the opportunity, but Kate used this as an opportunity for us to excuse ourselves. She grabbed my hand, and led me away. After a hundred yards, she stopped, told me to wait, and ran back to get our wraps. She soon returned with wraps in hand, and remaining nude, we walked back to the bed and breakfast. We passed joggers, fishermen, and people out feeding the birds; ignoring their stares, we reveled in our nudity. It felt normal to be nude, to be walking in the cool morning breeze without clothing.
We saw the cabanas ahead and could see one was occupied. We couldn't see who was there, only shapes, but we kept approaching nevertheless. Eventually, we could make out Nae, kneeling in front of Angel and Ricky and blowing both of them. She had Ricky, deep in her throat, one hand cupping his balls. The other hand was caressing Angel's cock, up and down, almost as if her hand had a mind of its own. Nae then pushed her finger into Ricky's ass, apparently rubbing his prostate. Her head switched to Angel's giant cock and we watched the head slide in.
Ricky leaned back, and shot large gobs of thick white cum onto Nae's breasts. She pulled her finger from Ricky's ass and shoved it into Angel. In less than a minute, Angel's cum was mixed with Ricky's on Nae's breasts.
Ricky noticed our presence, and invited us to join them in the cabana. He apologized for his earlier behavior, claiming he did not know what was in the boxes, but did not want us harmed. After all, many illegal things happen on this beach.
Meanwhile, Nae walked into the ocean to wash off in the waves. She returned, grinning from ear to ear, "I was hoping I could have had all four of you for that last bit, not just two. Maybe later."
******
Angel regained his composure. He reminded us that we were going home today, and had to leave in one hour. We wanted to shower before going home. We headed up the trail back to our cabin, walking arm in arm, still nude, and basking in the glow of our weekend.
We walked straight thru the cabin to the shower where I turned on both showerheads. I turned around. Kate was already standing with her back to the shower soaping her hair. I had never seen her so relaxed. Soap and water cascaded down her body as she lathered her hair, running down her body, and dripping from her breasts. I stepped close to her, and began kissing her passionately, a deep heart felt kiss. It made us both weak in the knees.
Kate noticed my cock was hard again, pressed between our bodies. She gave me a naughty but playful look, then turned her back to me, bent over and began wiggling her ass against my stiff cock. She turned to look at me, and pushed back, running my member just under her moist lips, then she stood, turned, and purred, "You will need to wait for more. We can't keep Angel waiting." She kissed me, and continued her shower.
I stood in awe as I watched my sex kitten shower, bathing in the glow of her new found sensuality.
We returned to the room to find our bags packed, and our travel clothes lain out, pressed and ready to go. We giggled as we got dressed, and talked about our trip. We could smell the salt air, botanical soaps on our bodies, and hear the screams of passion from this weekend still ringing in our heads. On our way to the car, half way across the garden, Kate stopped, removed her undies, and rolled them up into her hand.
Nae and Ricky were in the living room, also freshly showered. Angel was in his uniform and packing our bags in the car. We talked with our hosts for a few moments, making plans for a return trip. We kissed, hugged, and then went to the car. Kate jumped into the front seat while I rode in the back seat all alone.
I started watching the scenery go by as we rode in silence to the airport. Soon I looked into the front seat. I only saw Angel. Kate was missing. I leaned forward to ask Angel what happened, and I could see Kate on the floor board, her top off. She had unzipped Angels pants, pulled him out, and was sucking his balls while stroking him. I could see precum dripping out of his monster cock. His right hand was stroking her breasts which hung below her. Kate sucked one ball into her mouth, then exchange it for the other. I could see she was enjoying her road meal.
Angel slowed the pace of the car, and leaned back to enjoy being sucked off while driving. He breathed in deep, clenched his teeth, and I could hear Kate giggle. She sat up, flipped her hair back out of her face as she sat up. She looked at me with gobs of cum in her hair and face, grinning from ear to ear. She remained topless, and drew close to Angel, sitting beside him, fondling his deflating cock as we drove. As we pulled into the airport, she replaced his cock, zipped his pants, and kissed him on the cheek. Realizing she was still topless, she began searching for her shirt in earnest.
The police man who was directing traffic at the airport noticed her state of undress, and pointed at our car to stop for pedestrians. Noticing his attention, Kate sat up, ran her hands up her sides, over her breasts, squeezing her nipples while looking the police man streight in the eyes. She reached down, and slowly donned her blouse while the cop kept our car blocked. As she reached the last button, he flagged us on, tipping his hat to Kate as we passed.
Angel pulled up to the curb, got out and handed our bags to the porter. He opened the back door, shook my hand and I thanked him for a wonderful time. He held out a hand to help Kate out of the car. She stood, reached up and placed one hand around Angel's neck to kiss him goodbye. I turned to leave but noticed Kate had unzipped Angel's pants with her free hand, and was fondling him as they hugged.
Kate bound away and we headed to the gate. As the plane lifted off, I asked Kate what happened next to the car. She said she had stuffed her panties into his pants, and grabbing one last feel, something to remember until next time.