*BEEP*
Stella blindly reached into her bag and pulled out her phone to check the message, her heart beating a little harder when she saw her lover's name on the screen. She flushed with excitement when she read his text.
"We're going out tonight. Wear something sexy."
She could hardly wait, knowing Kurt would only be so blunt and mysterious if he had something tremendous planned. Stella daydreamed about what he might have in store on the bus on the way home, and her pussy ached, begging to be touched.
As soon as Stella got home, she jumped in the shower. She took her time shaving her pussy; making sure every last inch was hairless and smooth for Kurt. She grabbed the handheld showerhead and brought it to her pussy to rinse the soap away. When the water hit her pussy lips, it made her gasp.
There wasn't too much time, but Stella couldn't help herself. She let her free hand fall to her waist, slid her fingers toward her cunt and rubbed it softly. The combination of her fingers and the warm water got her so turned on she needed to finish. One finger slipped inside her hot wet pussy as she pressed the showerhead against her clit. She came fast and hard from the sensation and the lingering memory of her bus ride-fantasies in her mind. Stella took a few deep breaths and stood under the hot water until her legs stopped shaking.
She stepped out of the shower and began drying off when the doorbell rang.
"Fuck!" Stella threw on her bathrobe and ran to the door to let Kurt inside. When she opened the door, he glanced down and smiled devilishly. When she looked down, she saw why. Her robe was wide open, exposing her naked body to him.
"Sorry I'm not even close to rea-"
Kurt shut her up by placing his hand over her mouth. His other hand reached inside her robe and snaked around her waist. Kurt pulled her close, kissing her, and let his hands wander down to her bare pussy. They easily found her clit and gently rubbed it just like she loved.
"Oh fuck, baby. That feels so fucking good," Stella moaned in Kurt's ear. He put more pressure on her clit and massaged her G-spot. Her hand reached for his belt, but just as she was about to undo it, he took his hands away from her and told her to finish getting dressed.
When they finally left the house, Stella's pussy was drenched. Maybe because Kurt kept teasing her pussy whenever she got too close. She made sure to wear the perfect outfit to give Kurt access to her pussy all night. The skirt was long enough to keep her covered, but short enough that when she sat down, her stockings and garter would be visible to anyone sitting nearby.
They got to the bar, one Stella had never been to before, and found seats at the bar. It wasn't too crowded since it was still pretty early, but there was a handful of people sitting at tables and playing darts. Only one other guy was sitting at the bar with his hand around a bottle of Budweiser and a shot of whiskey next to him.
He turned and caught Stella's eye as Kurt helped her take her coat off. He smiled and nodded before turning back to his beer. She thought nothing of it, but was sure to get onto her stool facing him, so he got a great shot of her garters as she positioned herself on the seat. She didn't look at him as she did this, but she could feel his gaze on her. She turned to tell Kurt and the smile on her face told her he knew what had just happened.
Kurt ordered a beer for himself, a whiskey ginger for Stella and two shots of tequila. They chatted for a while, and then he placed his hand on her thigh just below the hem of her skirt. She spread her legs a bit to let him tease her, knowing he'd never take it too far right there in the bar. After teasing her for a bit, Kurt asked for her purse. She handed it to him, confused, and watched as he placed a small black shopping bag inside.
"Go to the ladies room and put this on," he instructed.
She practically raced in there, dying to know what he had in store. Stella locked the door, opened the bag and took out a small plastic butterfly with a harness attached. Her pussy ached impatiently as she stepped into the harnesses and tightened them around her thighs. She double-checked the toy was in the right spot, taking a second to tease her clit.
Stella rearranged her skirt, fussed with her hair for a moment and headed back to the dimly lit bar. Before she even reached Kurt, she felt he butterfly begin to vibrate lightly. Her knees weakened and she didn't think she'd even make it back to her stool, but when she did Kurt was waiting with that sinister grin. She put her hand in his lap and squeezed his semi-hard cock through his jeans.
He pushed her hand away with a look that said "not here." Stella pouted and turned her attention to her drink, but she was really bracing herself for the waves of pleasure Kurt was sending through her by playing with the remote of her vibrator. She was glad the music was loud, as it muffled her moans when he cranked the thing all the way up.
"I'm so wet I'm going to slip right off this stool," she whispered in his ear.
"Well you're doing a terrible job of hiding it," Kurt gestured to the other end of the bar, where the bartender and the other customer were in deep conversation and stealing glances in her direction. "I think those guys both want a piece of your slutty ass. Why don't you tug your skirt up a tiny bit and show off those stockings?"
She did so, smiling in their direction, and just then Kurt turned the vibrator up to full volume, contorting her face in pleasure. When she opened her eyes, the bartended was staring at her with lust in his eyes and the other patron had stood up and was walking to her. She looked to Kurt, who smiled and turned the vibrator on so low it was hardly noticeable.
"Excuse me, miss," the stranger said. "It looks like you could use another drink. Mind if I buy you one?"
"Well, I..." Stella turned and gestured at her man, not sure what to say.
Kurt spoke up, "It's fine with me."
The stranger introduced himself as Shawn and sat next to Stella. He ordered a round of shots for the three of them and they chatted for a bit. Kurt played with the remote in his pocket the whole time, turning it up almost every time Stella tried to talk. Suddenly he turned it up all the way, causing Stella to cry out in surprise.
"Sorry, my hand cramped up for a second," she tried to cover up her outburst.
"Actually, Stella's wearing a remote control vibrator," Kurt spoke up.
She turned to look at Kurt, shocked, and he whispered a sort-of apology in her ear.
"Don't worry baby. Shawn and I spoke while you were in the bathroom. He thinks you're sexy and wants to have some fun with us."
Shawn smiled and placed his hand on her leg. Kurt ordered a round of beers for the three of them and unsnapped the top button of Stella's blouse when he walked away. Upon his return, he didn't try to hide his gaze as her shirt now barely covered her tits and you could easily see the lacy bra she wore underneath.
Stella winked at the bartender, knowing Kurt had a very fun evening planned for them.