Chapter 5Sandy Returns From Her Trip
Sandy's ride pulled into the driveway at about two in the afternoon. Alex hurried out to help her with her suitcase. Sandy got out of the car wearing one of her business suits and holding the jacket over her arm.
She handed Alex the jacket as he pulled the handle out on her luggage, "Can you take this, it was to warm to wear it once I got on the plane," she said.
Sandy reached into the back seat for her briefcase and handbag. She closed the car door and waved to the driver as he pulled away.
Alex was dressed in his regular Sunday attire; shorts, sandals, and a bright short sleeve shirt.
He moved Sandy's things into the house and went back out to the patio where he had left a large bourbon and coke. He had the portable television on the patio table and was watching a baseball game.
Sandy went up to her bedroom to change. A few minutes later she walked out onto the patio wearing a knee length breezy looking sundress. She had fixed herself a margarita and sat down on one of the patio chairs.
"Looks like you have been living the carefree bachelor life while I was away," Sandy said.
"Oh no," Alex replied, " I have been taking care of business, laundry, dishes, and we have a salmon marinating in the fridge. We are all set for the evening and all you have to do is relax and look sexy, Daddy's taking care of everything," he said.
Sandy sipped on her drink and thought about how she was going to handle telling her husband about John, or if she was going to just keep it to herself. She was really turned on about the hot wife idea but wasn't sure Alex would go for it.
The sex she had with John was new and exciting for her, like the excitement you feel from a first kiss with a new lover. It made her feel young and free and she didn't want to give up that feeling of excitement that she hadn't felt in so long.
"I am taking Monday off from work just to recoup from the audit," Sandy stated.
"I wish I could take it off with you but I have a big project and a lot of pressure right now to get it completed," Alex said.
Sandy went into the house and opened the laptop, she wanted to read a few of the hot wife advice blogs that she had found on the web. Some of the stuff she had read was way too farfetched while other things seemed to be more probable.
Sandy read a blog from a woman who said she first realized that her husband was open to her having other men when they were in bed. She would mention someone showing interest in her and her husband would become more aroused as she gave more details.
Sandy thought that sounded sort of similar to Alex's reactions when they talked in bed about men checking her out or coming on to her.
Alex was starting the grill and Sandy went out front to water her plants. She noticed Steve the neighbor was washing his car in the driveway across the street. Steve's wife Linda must have been working or shopping.
His wife, Linda, manages a department store and is often gone. Sandy waved at Steve and he smiled and waved back as Sandy pulled the garden hose out to the front of the yard where she had a rock and flower garden along the sidewalk. Sandy started misting the plants and noticed that the neighbor had gone in.
A minute later she noticed the curtains covering the full length windows in the front of Steve's house had opened. The sun was behind Sandy as she watered her plants and shining into the living room of his house through the large windows. Then she saw the neighbor walk into the living room. He was acting like he didn't know that she could see him.
Sandy watched him as he unbuttoned his shirt and slowly removed it. Then he reached down and squeezed his crotch area through his shorts.
Sandy had noticed him before walking around in his house in his underwear with the curtain open, but never thought anything of it.
"So he likes putting on a show, I wonder how far he will go with a little encouragement," she whispered to herself.
Sandy adjusted the hose nozzle to a fine mist, lifted her sundress to mid thigh and rinsed her legs with the hose. Her bronze tanned legs glistened from the water.
She watched through her sunglasses as the neighbor unbuttoned and unzipped the front of his shorts, she could see the white color of his under shorts.
Sandy put the hose away and returned to the back yard where Alex was taking the salmon off of the grill.
After dinner Sandy returned to the computer and Alex finished watching his baseball game. When the game was over he turned off the television and asked Sandy, "Are you coming to bed? I need to wake up early and get to the office. Anyway I'm going to bed, see you when you get there."
Sandy replied, "I'm going to take a shower and then I'll join you."
Sandy shut down the computer and went upstairs. She took out a large towel from the linen closet and reached into the shower to adjust the water temperature. She unbuttoned her sundress and let it fall to the floor. She posed in front of full length mirror and thought about the effect she has on men. She ran her hand over her breast and watched her nipple react to her own touch.
Sandy then turned around and looked at her small but well rounded ass. She felt her butt cheeks, smooth as a baby's bottom, she thought. Sandy stepped into the shower and shaved her legs. She decided to shave her pussy clean even though there was still no noticeable hair that had returned since she shaved last.
When she had finished in the shower she walked into her bedroom wearing her short white robe. Sandy changed into a pair of cotton panties and a t-shirt before crawling into her bed. She snuggled up to Alex and kissed his shoulder.
"Did you miss your baby? It feels good to be back in my own bed," she said.
Sandy let her hand glide over her husband's chest, down his stomach and over his limp cock. She rubbed his soft three inch penis but there was no movement.
"I'm glad to have you home to Sandy, I really missed you," he said as he rolled onto his side and kissed Sandy on the lips.
"You know that guy at the pool that I told you about, the one that was bothering me? I couldn't believe the nerve of that man coming on to me the way he did," Sandy said.
Sandy let her hand rest on the front of Alex's shorts trying to detect any arousal in his penis.
Alex said, "Didn't you tell me that he had checked out of the motel the next morning and you didn't have anymore trouble with him? Putting out the Do Not Disturb sign was the best thing you could do."
Sandy still didn't notice any arousal so she continued, "Well I didn't tell you the details of what he did to me in the pool, like I said, at first he seemed really nice and just wanted to talk to someone."
"Then he started buying me drinks, and after a couple of margaritas I thought I would get away from him by going for a swim."
"Well, he followed me into the pool and got me trapped into a corner where my feet couldn't touch the bottom of the pool and he got so close to me that I couldn't tread water."
After a slight pause she continued, "So I had no choice but to put my hands on his shoulders to keep above water."
Sandy noticed a little stir in her husband's shorts and kept her hand resting on his penis.
"What happened then, didn't you tell me he tried to kiss you?," Alex asked in an uneven voice.
Sandy still didn't notice a positive response so she went on with her story, "Well I didn't tell you everything because I didn't want you to be worried about me being out of town and all."
Alex put his hand on Sandy's hip and said, "It's okay baby, tell me what happened, I can handle it."
Sandy decided to tell him more so she went on, "Well, he wrapped his arms around me so I couldn't get away and pulled me up close to him, that's when he started kissing me on the mouth.
I was so scared and it happened so fast all I could do was try to figure a way out of this."
She paused for a moment and continued, "The next thing I knew he had his tongue in my mouth and his hand on my ass. I tried to push him away but he was too strong for me. Then I felt his hand between my legs and he was rubbing me down there."
Sandy could feel Alex getting harder as she told her story.
Alex was feeling angry that someone had tried to violate his sweet little wife but he couldn't help feeling aroused by the thought that another man had felt her up.
"So what did you then? You got away from him and made it back to your room and called me", Alex said.
Sandy noticed that Alex was starting to loose his erection so she continued, "Well I made up my mind that the only way out of this was to play along like I wanted him."
"So I raised my legs up and wrapped them around his waist so he could get a better feel, and I started kissing him back."
"Then I told him that we shouldn't be doing this in a public area and that I would meet him in his room later."
"That worked and he let me go, so that's when I went back to my room and called you."
Sandy smiled that her story now had Alex as hard as polish sausage.
She started rubbing his cock and balls, Alex had her panties down in two seconds, but Sandy didn't want him to jump on her and have a quickie, leaving her unsatisfied, so she decided she was going to give him a blowjob and let him go to sleep.
Her plan worked, she sucked his cock for a good three minutes before he shot his wad into her mouth. Sandy sucked him dry and then gave him a good kiss just to give him a little taste of his sperm.
She had read that you should make your man taste his sperm as part of the conditioning process if you plan to go forward with the hot wife lifestyle.
Alex didn't seem to mind when Sandy pushed her tongue into his mouth making sure that he cleaned the semen from her mouth and tongue.
"I'm really sorry that I let that happen to me, but I really didn't know any other way out of the situation," She said.
Alex held her tightly and reassured her that she had done nothing to be ashamed about.
"At least you got out of a bad situation before he was able to do anything else to you. I just wish I would have been there to protect you," he said.
A few minutes later Alex fell asleep, and Sandy thought about how he had reacted to her telling him about the stranger.
Sandy awoke the next morning before Alex, so she went down to the kitchen and brewed some coffee and cooked breakfast for her loving hubby.
After Alex left for the office, Sandy decided to see what kind of mischief she might be able to get into, alone at home for the day. She walked over to the large floor length window and pulled the curtain wide open to let the morning light shine into the living room.
She looked across the street to see that her neighbors, Steve and Linda were both at home.
"I think I better go upstairs and take a shower, after that I think I'll see if I can find something to wear," She said to herself.
Sandy took a relaxing shower and blow dried her hair, then she sat down in front of the vanity and proceeded to rub body lotion on her shoulders, arms and legs.
She stood up in front of the full length mirror and applied the lotion to her breast, stomach, and buttocks. Feeling soft and smooth she decided to find something to wear to match the sensation.
Sandy opened her dresser drawer and chose one of her sexiest sheer white pushup bras and matching sheer white bikini panties, she put them on and looked at herself in the mirror.
She then pulled out a pair of black shoes that she rarely wears because the heels are too high and they become uncomfortable after a short time wearing them. She looked into the mirror again turning around to see how she looked from behind.
"That's pretty hot, maybe I should go out like this," she said.
Sandy walked over to the bedroom window to look out across the street. Linda was just backing out of the driveway but Steve's car was still there. Steve has to travel for his job so sometimes he's gone for weeks at a time, and other times he's home for a week or two.
Sandy remembered reading that fucking a married man is fairly safe because they are less likely to have any sexually related diseases, and they are less likely to fall in love or become a stalker.
Sandy noticed that the curtains on the neighbor's house were still drawn closed. She looked in her closet and found a white sheer blouse with long sleeves. She put it on, it hung down just far enough to cover her panties, leaving her sexy tanned legs exposed.
She buttoned the blouse up leaving the top three buttons undone so that her cleavage was showing.
Sandy walked down to the living room and stood in front of the wide open window looking across the street.
A few minutes earlier Steve had looked out of his window and noticed that Sandy's car was in the driveway and her front room curtains were wide open.
Sandy watched as the curtains across the street opened and she could see Steve pretending not to notice her standing there. He was wearing a pair of very short cutoff jeans and a white sleeveless shirt.
Sandy watched him as he stood in the window looking at his yard, but she knew she was the main attraction.
Sandy pulled the curtains almost all the way closed but opened enough for her to see out. She knew that Steve couldn't see her looking out now.
Steve waited for her to open the curtain back up but they remained closed, he had a feeling that she wanted to watch a show without giving him the satisfaction of knowing that she was watching.
Steve wanted to see her watching or it wouldn't be as much fun, so he closed his curtain thinking two can play this game.
Steve had been living across from Sandy and Alex for six years now and had always dreamed of getting into Sandy's pants. Now he thought with Sandy home alone for the day he was going to try to get a shot at her.
Steve said to himself, "Wow she looked hot in front of that window this morning, Sandy looks like she's in need a good stiff fucking."
Just then he saw Sandy's curtain open, but only half way. Steve opened his curtain part way also but he wouldn't stand in front of it where she could see him. Instead he walked past the window a couple of times so she could only get a fast glimpse of him in his sexy cutoffs.
Steve was proud of his body and worked out regularly to keep his body toned. He liked to swim and maintained a dark tan.
Sandy knew where the curtain game was going and was playing along, "So he thinks the lonely housewife wants to watch him, but no show unless I let him see me looking. Okay, lets play," she said.
Sandy pulled the curtain wide open and stood in front of the window again.
Steve opened his curtain, and now they both stood in front of each other in plain view.
Sandy backed away from the window and sat on the sofa facing the window, where Steve could still see her.
Steve backed away from his window so that Sandy could not see him anymore because his house was in the shade. The sun was shinning into Sandy's window and she could be seen anywhere in her living room.
Sandy got up and stood in front of the window again, and waited to see what her neighbor had in mind.
Steve was thrilled that she was falling for his teasing game and now stood in front of his window, he reached down and rubbed his groin area and then he turned around and moved his hands over his ass.
Sandy watched and enjoyed the show, she knew he was about to show her more.
Steve opened the fly of his cutoff jeans and pulled his shirt off.
Sandy watched as Steve was giving her a show. She thought about Steve and how sexy he looked, but fucking the next door neighbor was probably not a real good idea.
She could see that Steve wasn't going any further with the striptease and thought he must be waiting for her to reveal a little more of herself to him.
Sandy slowly unbuttoned the shirt starting with the top one and ending with the last button. Her shirt was now open, but she wasn't about to pull it wide open exposing all of her bra and panties. All Steve would be able to see is the part of the bra between her breast and a two inch wide opening in front of her panties.
This was enough to make Steve try to entice her a little more, and he slowly pulled down his cutoff jeans.
Sandy noticed that he was wearing thin white men's bikini briefs, and he had a growing bulge in the front of the underwear.
Now he was watching for Sandy to remove some of her clothes, and keep the fun game going, but instead Sandy crossed her arms and tapped the toes of her high heels on the floor. She wanted to send him a message that she expected to see more first.
At this point Steve was dying to see Sandy in the buff, so he decided that he would show her what she wanted to see. He slowly pulled the white briefs down and stepped out of them.
Sandy watched as Steve's prick started to rise from his excitement, she reached for the curtain and pulled it closed.
"Shows over Steve, but you did have nice
package," she said.
The strip show had Sandy sexually excited, but she wasn't about to expose herself to the
neighbor across the street. Now she had
something on him though.
She thought, I could threaten to tell his wife or my husband on him for being an exhibitionist. Sandy felt empowered over Steve but wasn't sure how she would use it.
She thought, maybe I should walk over there and tell him he had better be careful about leaving his curtains open, then she laughed, "Some hot wife I am, just a tease."
Sandy went upstairs to her bedroom and opened the bottom drawer to her dresser, removing a pair of white shorts. She stepped into her shorts and pulled them up tucking her blouse in and buttoning up. Sandy looked at her outfit in the mirror and decided that the blouse looked to dressy so she unbuttoned and took it off.
She unlatched her bra from the front and let it slide off of her shoulders and down her arms, putting it back into her dresser.
Sandy found a white halter top in her drawer and put in on tying it from behind. She liked wearing white because it showed off her dark bronze tan. She pulled out a pair of high heeled sandals from her closet and put them on. She looked at herself in the mirror with approval, sexy but innocent, she thought.
Sandy returned to the living room, entered the kitchen and poured a glass or orange juice before walking out to the patio. She opened the umbrella over the patio table and sat down crossing her legs and looking over the neighbors back yards.
Sandy's cell phone began to vibrate. She looked at the name of the caller and answered the phone, "Hi John, missing me already?"
John replied, "I do miss you, I can't wait to see you again. Sandy, if you ever want to get away for a weekend please give me a call, I can save you the trouble of a motel if you are here in Denver."
Sandy laughed and said, "Okay, and is that offer open if I bring my husband along?"
John replied, "You know that offer is open to you both, I'm sure we would be able to get a little time alone. We could arrange a little golf time for Alex while you and I have a little one on one," He said laughing.
"Okay, I'll be looking forward to our vacation in the very near future then," she said.
Sandy started thinking about how much fun she had with John while she was in Denver.
John said, "By the way, you are going to be seeing me on Thursday. I'm making a trip out your way on business. Were going to be having a meeting to discuss some changes that are going to be taking place at the firm. I was also hoping that you would be able to accompany me at a company dinner on Friday evening, do you think Alex would be okay with that?," he asked.
"I think I can get him to agree, Alex is very understanding when it comes to things that are work related. I'll be looking forward to seeing you again John, wish you were here right now," she said.
After finishing her phone conversation with John, Sandy let out a sigh and thought about how good the sex had been with him. She could feel the heat between her legs as she remembered the first time he pulled off his shorts and got into the hot tub with her.