This is a voyeur/nudity story.
It's not a quick read about quick sex. Instead it's about a guy who finds himself seeing unsuspecting nude people in a place he didn't expect.
*****
Martin works security at an high-end office building downtown.
He is paid well to watch a bank of high-definition screens. His job is to profile people. In two and half years absolutely nothing has happened.
Martin has an advanced degree, and does a job similar to those in national security.
The building is eleven stories tall with 8,000 square feet on each floor.
On a normal, utterly ordinary Monday morning Martin sits down at his desk and glances at a five by seven panel of forty-seven screens. He scans them all quickly and sees the same similar images he is used to. People walking in random hallways. People walking up and down in several stairwells. And a rarely busy lobby.
Next he hits three keys on a keyboard for the computer to scan all the images from the night before. The computer uses technology that identifies faces and sorts them from recognized and unrecognized. In twenty-one seconds his computer tells him everyone in the office building the night before is in their database.
Next he hits one key and the computer matches ID badges with faces from the night before. In three seconds his computer tells him all ID's are confirmed.
Next his hits two keys for the computer to archive all footage from the night before. This is a redundant process. A third redundancy, but the only human element insuring a back-up in case the system has a bug or worse.
On a screen to his far left all the data from the night before runs at an extremely fast-forward speed as it backs-up. As it does something catches his eye.
His reaction is what he is truly trained for. To catch what other people miss about human behavior. He feels a rush. Something he rarely ever feels at his utterly eventless job.
He hits a stop button. Then a succession of four keys to lock onto what caught his eye. He recognized the the fifth floor elevator lobby. Small, but the only one that is lined with marble. That's where he stops it.
He puts it up on the big, main screen in front of him. Two people walk out of elevator number three. They stop. He recognizes both of them. He recognizes everyone. One is a long-term employee of that floor. An attractive woman, like so many in the building, with medium length dark hair and thin build. The second is also a recognized employee of the same floor. A small man, maybe five, two. Maybe a hundred and thirty pounds.
He speeds up the tape to see what caught his eye before. In an instant he hits stop again. As the tape ran forward he sees both of their arms go up. That is the behavior that caught his eye.
He looks at the big screen dumbfounded. They are taking off t-shirts. He backs up the tape. They step out of the elevator. They say a few words and they don't step away from the elevator. Without any visible reason, they both pull off t-shirts. He notices they do it quickly.
His blood is flowing at full-speed. In two and half years his job has been utterly eventless. Now he is watching two employees in his building quickly pulling off their shirts. And one of them is a woman.
Next, as he pulls off his jeans she un-clasps her bra. He can't categorize what he is seeing. He is trained for minor crimes at best and terrorism at worst.
Next, she wrestles her jeans off with urgency as he pulls at his socks. He rewinds the tape and plays it again. From the moment they first pull at their shirts to the point where she has her jeans off is twenty-seven seconds. That is fast. He shakes his head. What is going on?
Next, they both put their clothes in a heap next to small trash can in the elevator lobby. Then, to his utter surprise. They bolt. The take off, almost violently down the hall.
He stops the tape. He thinks. He is trying to professionally process what his watching.
He hits two keys and the big screen changes to a camera at the other end of the hall. They are sprinting. Their expressions are not alarmed, but intense. What catches is attention is the abandon with which they run, especially her.
She is fairly large breasted, yet she runs with her breasts flailing violently. He presumes that would have to be very painful. They don't appear to be running room something, as in fear. They appear to running towards something, with extreme urgency. Their faces almost look athletic.
They run under the camera and through a door into an stairwell. He hits two keys and switches to the camera in the stairwell. She goes up. He goes down. She takes two steps at time barefoot. He with equal speed is throwing himself down the stairs.
He hits the stop key. He hits four keys and goes back to the beginning. He wants to sequence all the cameras to get a true timeline of how fast they are moving.
As he re-watches it he realizes he is watching naked people. Not like porn or a secret voyeur. He realizes that their nudity is not awkward to them. They don't give off any sense of self-awareness or self-consciousness. They don't pay any attention to each other being nude.
In his training he knows what this is and what this means. This is pre-conditioned behavior. Like muscle-memory. It can be called a natural-state.
He looks for other cues. Neither have a decent tan. Neither are shaved. Both are fit. Both are calm until they take off sprinting down the hall. He realizes this is not an emergency for them. It is pre-planned. Pre-meditated. There is something bigger going on.
He hits two button to the camera the floor above her in the stairwell. It barely catches her as she bolt outs and onto the sixth floor. Two more keys and he sees her throwing herself down the hallway. Her bleach white ass looking clearly athletic. Less than halfway down the hallway she veers hard to the right and all-but throws herself through a door. She led with her shoulder, grabbing and turning the doorknob at the same time.
He stops the tape and rewinds it. He watches her go through the door multiple times. He has only seen trained law enforcement and covert military go through doors with such timing and deftness. Never naked.
He stops the tape. Stands. He wants to go see what is behind that door.
End of part one.