I steeled myself and knocked on the door. For the past hour and a half I had been debating whether or not I should go over to his place, but what broke me is that every time I peeked out my windows he was seemingly just lounging on the couch watching TV, but after maybe my hundredth glance our eyes caught each other. My heart skipped and we quickly looked away, but now I knew he was waiting for me, hopeful for our night to continue. I took a quick shower and threw on a simple black dress that hugged my waist and showed ample cleavage. After psyching myself up for the millionth time I grabbed my purse and left the apartment, wondering if my neighbor across the way had watched me leave and imagining him getting hard at the thought of me at his door.
When he opened the door to apartment 12B I was delighted to notice he was even more attractive up close. His deep dark brown eyes and five o'clock shadow were all I needed to already feel the warmth gathering between my thighs. I was horribly nervous, but luckily he spoke first.
"I guess you saw my note?" He said with a coy smile as he relaxed in the doorframe, standing in nothing but a pair of sweatpants.
"I saw a lot more than that." I said and he laughed, and I could finally breathe again.
"Please come in." He gestured through the doorway and I stepped inside his apartment. It was a clean and simple studio, which was the best you could hope for from a New York bachelor. "Feel free to sit down." He said as he pointed to the couch and walked over to the kitchenette. I instead went right over to the windows and looked across the way. It was true that even with all the lights off in my apartment you could still make out the furniture inside the place. I had been exposing myself to all of 57th and 3rd without even realizing it.
I was pulled out of my thoughts when he asked "Anything to drink? I got whiskey and beer, and maybe a bottle of red that I can't promise is any good."
"I'll take a whiskey" was my reply while also realizing that I still didn't know his name. "I'm Sara by the way".
"Andrew. Pleasure to meet ya" He walked over and handed me a well-poured whiskey. I sipped as we looked out the window and he said "Ya know, I think I have one of the best views in all of New York."
I almost choked on my sip of whiskey. God I was so nervous! Keep it together.
"Oh, really?" Was my genius reply.
He responded by moving the hair off of my neck. I was frozen in place, but my heart was beating a mile a minute. He leaned in and began placing light kisses all along the side of my collarbone and I arched my neck to him, a small moan escaping my lips. We moved in clumsy unison over to the couch and plopped down unceremoniously. I broke away to set my whiskey on the coffee table and turned back to him, taking his face in my hands and pulling him in for a kiss. Our tongues danced together as we responded to each other's movements with a series of approving groans. I was deliciously aware of the giant windows framing the entire scene and secretly hoped some nosy neighbors were stealing glances this way.
"This is not how I thought my Tuesday night was gonna go." I said breathlessly.
"Do you wanna stop?"
"Hell no." And I pushed him onto his back, climbing on top of him and straddling his waist. Whatever nerves I had were replaced by my growing desire. I lifted off my dress and threw it on the ground revealing that I had chosen not to wear a bra. Andrew's hands immediately went to my breasts. Holding one in each palm and giving them a squeeze. I moaned as his thumbs moved over my nipples bringing them to full attention. I threw my head back, thrusting my chest forward and gasped when I felt his mouth close around my right nipple as he sat up for better access. My hand went to the back of his head, my fingers entwining in his hair as I enjoyed the sensations of his tongue on my body. I reached down in between us and found his hard cock with my free hand and pulled it out of his sweatpants. Andrew groaned as my hand began to stroke, my thumb swirling the tip and spreading his precum.
A squeal escaped me as Andrew picked me up and took me the few steps over to the bed.
"Sorry" he chuckled "Did I surprise you?"
"This whole night has been surprising" I said laying flat on the bed, my elbows propping me up.
Andrew stood there for a moment taking me in before removing his sweatpants and kneeling by the edge of the bed. "God you're sexy" and he pulled my legs towards him until the were draping off the side. I was practically gasping for air as I saw his face perfectly lined up with my underwear clad pussy. He tugged on the sides and I lifted up by bottom to let him pull them down. He teased me, placing small kisses on the sides of my inner thighs, creeping ever closer to where I really needed him, my pussy dripping with desire. I whimpered as his finger slowly ran down my slit and entered my hole and began to pump in and out. His tongue followed suit as he experimentally swirled around my swollen clit and my body reacted by arching up to meet him as I began to thrust my torso in rhythm to his pumping. I could hardly take it anymore.
"Andrew, please, I need you inside me." He climbed up my body and onto the bed kissing his way up to my mouth and I could taste my juices on his tongue. He reached over me and pulled a condom out of his dresser drawer, rolling it down is hard shaft. I whimpered as I felt his dick slide up and down my pussy and sighed as I felt him enter me, closing my eyes.
"Sara, look at me. I want to see you." Andrew said and I opened my eyes again. I cupped the back of his head with my hand and we held each other's gaze as he pushed into me.
Inch by inch I adjusted to him, feeling him fill me with his hard cock. When he was buried to the hilt, he began to pump in and out and I matched his motions by thrusting to meet him. My orgasm was building between my thighs as I felt the tingling begin to spread throughout my lower torso. I knew exactly what I needed to bring me over the edge and so I rolled Andrew and I until I was laying on top. Andrew groaned as I sat up and slowly ground onto his hard dick, buried fully inside me. He reached up and played with my breasts as I began to bounce, quickly building to my climax. He reached down and ran his thumb in circles over my clit and I was lost. My orgasm crashed over me as I spasmed on his pumping cock. As I came down I started bouncing with a new fervor, wanting to bring Andrew to his climax, from the sounds of his grunting he was not far behind.
"Talk dirty to me." He asked and I was happy to oblige. I bent down close and brought my mouth to his ear, continuing to match his thrusts, I whispered to him.
"Oh Andrew, I love your big hard dick. My pussy is so tight and I just came so hard. I want to feel you cum in me Andrew. Please cum in me baby."
Andrew released with a low growl as I felt his cock tense and release inside of me. I bounced on his cock, and continued to whisper.
"Yes, baby, yes give me your cum. Oh god, I love it."
As I felt him come down I brought my lips to his and we shared a passionate moment as his cock grew soft inside me. He pulled out his shaft and rolled off the condom throwing it in the bedside waste bin. I was laying flat on my back, panting and dazed, when I began to laugh again.
He moved beside me and pulled me to him, smiling. "Do you always laugh after having sex?"
I pushed my ass into his crotch and grinded into him. "Only when the sex is that good." I said and he playfully smacked my ass. We lay there spooning, looking out his window. Basking in the afterglow of our orgasms.
I giggled to myself and said "Maybe I should invest in some curtains."
He pinched my nipple and simply said "Don't you dare."