Authors Note:
Ok, finally HERE IT IS!! The sequel to Claiming Bella.
If you didn't know, Claiming Bella is back on Literotica!
PLEASE VOTE IF YOU LIKE THIS STORY!!
I also LOVE to get feedback and comments! Makes my day.
XOXO,
Nicole
===============================
By the time they arrived back at the club, it was late afternoon. Eli and Aidan escorted Bella to their room and helped her unpack her things. They lay down to nap before the evening began. They were all worn out from everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours. When Bella awoke, Eli was still sleeping and Ade was gone. She looked at the clock and saw it was nearly 9:00pm. Without waking Eli, Bella slipped out of bed and into the shower. She took her time soaking and then scrubbed herself to remove all the evidence of her multiple sexual escapades that day. She wanted to be fresh and clean for her evening ahead in the club. When she exited the bathroom Aidan was still nowhere to be seen and Eli was lying on his side on the bed, his head propped up on his hand. He patted the bed next to him. Clad only in her towel, Bella lay beside him.
"Hello, Elijah," she greeted him with a smile.
"Elijah, huh? No one calls me that except my mother."
"I'm sorry," she replied, putting her hand on his face in a gesture of comfort.
"It's ok, princess," he told her, taking her hand from his face and kissing her palm. "You can call me whatever you like. I love my mother, my parents, even if they can't accept me."
"Do you want to tell me about it? Or is it too painful?"
"I can talk about it. I wasn't comfortable to at first, however I've come to accept the situation. I grew up fundamental Baptist. It's a pretty strict denomination. Being gay or bi is strictly forbidden, considered an abomination. I'm not going to judge anyone for their beliefs, to each their own. However, their beliefs mean that my parents can't accept me and have shunned me. It was a pretty ugly scene when I told them about Aidan. My father was furious because of how it would affect his standing in the church. My mother was devastated because she assumed that would mean no grandchildren. I tried to explain that I'm not gay but bi. It really didn't matter; they didn't see the difference. They would shit a brick to know of the relationship I'm in now," Eli said with a chuckle. "I wouldn't change anything, though. I love Ade and I love you."
"Good. I can't wait for you both to meet my parents. They will have no problem accepting you. Where's Aidan?"
"He had to go oversee the staff setting up for the night. He said to tell you that he looks forward to spending the night in the club with you tonight. We have some plans for you." At Bella's raised eyebrows, Eli said, "You'll have to wait and see. Trust us. We will push you tonight, however. Oh, and Ade set out an outfit for you. And Jess will be here soon to help you get ready for tonight. I'm sure you'd love a friend to talk to right about now, anyways."
Bella laughed. "You are so right. So much has happened in the last 24 hours I have a lot to tell her. Girl talk, you know." She yawned as she rolled over onto her back and raised one knee. "You guys are wearing me out. I am not complaining, however."
"Move your hands," Eli commanded. When she complied, moving her arms to her sides on the bed, Eli undid her towel and opened it. She was completely exposed to him and, for the first time in a long time, she wasn't ashamed of her body. He ran his hand from her neck down to her bellybutton. "You are so beautiful," he told her. "Soft and womanly in all the right places. From this point on, in this room, you need to ask permission to cover your body. Understand?"
"Yes," Bella said, turning her head to look at him. "I understand. I don't want you or Aidan to worry about me anymore. You've given me back what Kyle stole from me. You've made me feel beautiful and desirable again and I thank you both for that. I never had body image problems before, although no one had ever mistreated me the way Kyle did before either. Now I realize he was just a supreme asshole and wanted to hurt me. He did, but honestly I'm better. I'm not ashamed to have you both see me naked any and every time you want."
"And if we want others to see you naked?"
"Then I'll do it. I promised to do whatever you both told me to and if that's what you want I'll do it. I know not everyone will appreciate my body the way you two do and I don't care. I know you think I'm sexy and that's all that matters. Besides, I really get turned on by obeying you two," she told him with a crooked smile.
"Good," Eli told her, "because you are going to be pretty bare tonight." He gave her a lingering kiss before scooting off the bed. "I have to go get dressed and help Aidan." He went into the bathroom to prepare for the night as Bella rolled onto her side, facing the door, and rested for a while. When he came out, Bella whistled at him in appreciation. Eli was dressed in tight black jeans, a black t-shirt and a black leather wrist cuff. He was in bare feet again. He had spiked his dark blonde hair into a faux hawk. Overall, he looked incredibly sexy.
"Hot damn," Bella told him, "I can't believe you are mine. Yuuuumy!"
Eli laughed as he walked over to the bed. He leaned down and kissed her again before telling her, "I'll send Jess in. Have fun getting ready. One more thing, we've instructed her on how we want your makeup and hair. You can put your robe on. I'll see you in a little while."
Bella got up and slipped on the white terry cloth robe. She wandered over to the sound system built into the wall. She surveyed their selection of CDs. Aidan really did have horrible taste in music but thankfully Eli shared her musical interests. She picked out a Snow Patrol CD and popped into the player. Their smooth sound was soon floating through the room. Almost immediately after the music started, there was a knock at the door. When Bella opened the door to admit Jess, she was greeted with a squeal and the sight of her best friend clapping her hands and jumping up and down like an eager child. Bella winced and moved aside to let her enter and shut the door behind her.
"Jesus, Jess, are you five years old?" Bella asked with a laugh.
"Haha, bitch," Jess replied deadpan as she threw her arms around Bella. "I fucking knew that Ade and Eli would be perfect for you." She stepped back from Bella and dancing around the room sang, "I was riiight, I was riiight!"
Bella looked at her friend, taking in her outfit. Jess wore a skin-tight purple leather mini that barely covered her ass with matching stilettos. The color brought out her violet eyes to perfection. Tonight she had her long blonde hair curly. She looked amazing.
"You are so humble, Jess. Yes, okay, you were right. Don't get a big freaking head about it. It doesn't happen that often."
"I know! That's what makes this so great. I am so going to rub it in for a long, long time."
They both plopped down on the large bed. "Well, thank you. You have totally done me the biggest favor ever. I'm already madly in love with them both."
"Oh my god!" Jess squealed again. "That is fucking great. And fast. Did you tell them? Did they say it back? Tell, tell."
"Yes, I told them," Bella replied on a laugh. "And yes, they said it back."
Jess fell back into a prone position. "That is so dreamy," she said on a sigh. "They are too hot for words and amazing men as well. You totally deserve them and they deserve you. I hope I can find someone like that someday."
Bella relaxed onto her side, her head propped on her hand. "What about the guy you met last night?"
"Sorry, I lied about that," Jess responded, looking sheepish. "In my defense, I needed to leave you alone so Aidan could approach you. And you know you'd be the first person I'd tell if I was dating."
"Don't worry, babe, and don't try to rush it. The right guy, or guys," she said with a smile, "will come along when it's the right time. They universe has your back."
"I hope so. On a brighter note, I have some guidelines to go over with you. Some are Eli and Aidan's personal rules, some are the clubs.
"First, when you are on the floor, never look another Dom in the eyes. It's an invitation. Don't speak to a Dom, besides your own unless you are spoken to first and given permission to answer by your Dom. Always have a hand on one or both of your Dom's. You can't be on the floor unless you are dressed appropriately. And, by appropriately, I mean lingerie or nothing."
"What do you mean by 'the floor'?" Bella interrupted her.
"The floor is any scene room. It doesn't include the lounge. Lots of people come here simply to socialize in the lounge area. They don't always go into the scening areas. They have great drinks and food here, by the way. So if you are going to only be in the lounge, you can dress any way you want.
"Back to the rules. You do anything your Dom asks you to do. You shouldn't be a sub to someone you don't trust implicitly. I know from experience that Aidan is completely trustworthy and I'm positive Eli is too. Aidan never asked me to do anything that humiliated or hurt me. And just because something is painful doesn't mean it 'hurts', so to speak. And Aidan and I weren't even sexually involved, so I know he'll be extra careful with you."
"How long were you Aidan's sub?" Bella asked.
"About a year. Does it bother you?"
"Not at all. I love you and if you both say there was nothing sexual, I believe you. How does it work, the Dom/sub relationship, without sex?"
"It's funny, it's almost the same having a personal trainer only with an orgasm at the end."
"I thought you said there was nothing sexual?" Bella asked, confused.
"There wasn't, between Aidan and I. It was more like there was a sexual relationship between his actions and I. He never touched me in an overt sexual manner. I mean he attached nipple clamps and inserted plugs and dildoes, but it wasn't a personal relationship the way you two have. I climaxed from the mere act of being dominated, whipped, spanked and tied up. Do you understand what I mean?"
"I think I do. It wasn't Aidan the person who was turning you on, it was his actions as your Dom?"
"Exactly. We never had sex, oral or otherwise. He's a very good friend who trained me as a sub for a while. I love him, platonically just like I love you."
"That actually makes a lot of sense. Thank you for helping me understand. And I love you too."
"Awesome. Now let's get you ready for tonight. I can't wait to see what Aidan laid out for you to wear," Jess said, rubbing her hands together in glee. "Did they really take you to Lina's?"
"Yep."
"Really? How freaking awesome. I haven't even been there. She's very exclusive and very, very expensive."
"Exactly how expensive? The guys bought me 6 outfits today and ordered more."
"Holy shit!" Jess exclaimed. "That's like a month's salary for me."
"Oh my god," Bella whispered, her eyes going round at the realization. "Wow."
"Yeah, wow. What did you think of Lina herself?"
"I love her. I think we'll be great friends. She's dating Huff, you know."
"That's awesome. I like her too and I love Huff. He's such a sweetheart. I've talked to Lina a few times here at the club. She's something else, funny and outrageous. Okay, let's see what you get to wear tonight. Ade told me it's hanging inside the door of the closet."
Walking to the closet, Jess flung open the door with a flourish. "Oooh," she cooed with delight.
Hanging on the back of the door was an absolutely adorable and sexy outfit. Can lingerie be adorable and sexy at the same time? Bella asked herself. After further examining what Aidan had chosen, she decided it could. The outfit consisted of the ubiquitous corset, this one cotton candy pink and lacing up the front with black ties and small ribbon shoulder straps. Paired with it was a black tulle tutu type skirt that would cover absolutely nothing but looked sexy and sweet at the same time. There was also a very sheer black G-string, again which would display more than it covered. Jess pulled out a pair of thigh high pink and black horizontally striped stockings and her pair of black five inch stilettos.
"Wow, that is a hot little outfit," Bella observed. "Aidan has excellent taste and Lina is amazing."
"What? You aren't going to fight us on it?"
"Nope. I got my mojo back."
Jess laughed. "Good. Kyle can so suck it, the little dicked asshole!"
Bella high-fived Jess. "I agree. And I'm not one to kiss and tell, but Kyle has a tiny little baby winky compared to my new guys. They are huge and talented."
"Girl, you are a spiteful bitch and I love it. Please get dressed. I can't wait to see this scrumptious concoction on you. I'm so jealous," Jess mock pouted.
"Well if you weren't such a skinny little slut I'd totally share with you."
"Oh, fuck off," she told Bella, sticking out her tongue. "You have a luscious body and you know it."
"I know, the guys have helped me remember. How can I not believe it when the two hottest men I've ever met can't get enough of me?"
"Quit rubbing it in and get dressed before I kick your ass," Jess told her, shoving her at the closet. Bella quickly disrobed. Jess helped her put on the corset, objecting when she tried to tie the laces tightly.
"Aidan specifically told me not to let you tie the corset too tightly; only tight enough to stay put. He doesn't want you trying to hide your shape. Luckily it has shoulder straps to hold your tits up."
"You are so classy," Bella told her friend as she finished dressing.
"You love me anyways, bitch," Jess told her with a kiss on her cheek.
"That I do. Let's get me made up. Have I told you how happy I am that you are a makeup artist?"
"A couple million times. You'd have been totally lost without me, you little hippy. God, I can't believe you didn't wear any makeup until you were an adult. Insanity!"
In the bathroom Bella sat on the stool at the vanity. Using the assortment of cosmetics Aidan and Eli had provided Bella, Jess went about expertly applying Bella's makeup. Then she set about styling Bella's hair. When she was done, Bella turned to the mirror to examine herself.
"Wow," she praised Jess, "I look hot." Jess had done a gorgeous smoky eye on Bella. She had done a thick black liner, to compliment the gray shadow she'd applied, then smudged it until it was thick smoky color around her eyes. She'd done a bright pink cheek and soft pink lip stain. Her eyes stood out beautifully, their green vividly displayed. Her hair had been done simply with a twist on either side and her short bangs straight across. The total effect, combined with her outfit, was one of slutty innocence.
"Shit, Aidan and Eli are going to come in their pants just looking at you," Jess said.
"You are so gross," Bella replied with a bark of laughter. "Well, I'm as ready as I'm ever going to be."
They walked into the bedroom where Jess picked up the phone and dialed O. "Huff, can you please tell Aidan that I'm bringing her out?" She paused. "Oh yeah, Lina did a fabulous job and so did I. She looks amazing." Another pause, then a laugh. "I said the same thing. Ok, see you later." Turning to Bella, she said, "Let's go. Aidan will meet us in the lounge."
Bella took a deep breath and walked out the door with Jess.

Aidan met them at the end of the hallway at the entrance to the lounge. Bella saw heat flare in his eyes when he spotted her. She looked him up and down, liking what she saw. Tonight, Aidan was dressed in tight black leathers again paired with a charcoal grey t-shirt and black motorcycle boots. His black hair was pushed back off his face and he had eyeliner on, bringing out his blue eyes to perfection. He looked so sexy and he was all hers!
"Baby girl, it should be fucking illegal to have thighs as luscious as yours," he told her as he stopped in front of her. Cupping the back of her neck, he leaned down to kiss her. Bella immediately opened her mouth to welcome his tongue and Ade wasted no time deepening the kiss. After several moments he raised his head and straightened up.
"Shit, you guys are making me totally hot," Jess said, fanning herself. "I'm going to go see if I can find some action." She gave Bella a hug.
"I love you," Bella told her, returning the hug. "Thank you for everything."
"Fuck, don't make me cry," Jess said tears in her eyes. "I'm happy for you, bitch," Jess told her as she turned and walked into the dungeon part of the club.
"Are you ready, beautiful?" Aidan asked her.
"Yes," she told him, smiling up at him. "Where is Eli?"
"Taking care of some things. Jess explained the rules?" Bella nodded. "I have something for you."
"What?" Bella asked, bouncing a little in excitement.
He brought his left hand up. Bella hadn't noticed he was holding anything. He was holding a beautiful two-inch-wide leather collar. It was tooled with intricately carved flowers and vines. It joined in the front with a one inch white gold padlock encrusted with what looked like diamonds.
Bella's eyes widened. "Holy shit," she said. "That is amazingly beautiful. That's really for me?"
"Yes, baby girl, it is. It lets everyone in here know you are owned."
"Oh, you two own me do you?"
"Do you doubt it?" He asked her with raised eyebrow.
"Not even a little," she told him, wrapping her arms around him and laying her head on his chest. Even with her heels on her head still rested just below his chin. Aidan leaned his chin on her head for a moment before gently setting her back.
"Let's get this on you," he told her and fastened the collar around her neck. It fit her perfectly. "How does it feel?"
"Like love," she told him.
"Fuck, you are amazing," he said, emotion in his eyes. Clearing his throat, he asked her, "Do you want a tour of the club?"
"Of course!"
"There are several theme rooms as well as the main room. We have a large membership," he told her as he led her to the entrance of the dungeon. "Every member is screened intensely. We do a background check and a criminal check. We only accept about ten percent of people who apply. We have a very select clientele."
As they entered the dungeon, Bella slipped her fingers into the waistband of Aidan's leather pants at his hip, holding on to him.
He looked down at her and told her, "Good girl."
He showed her the room with the stocks which she'd already seen the night before. Already, there were people playing in there, this time a woman was in the stocks. Her long blonde hair was hanging down, obscuring her face.
"I watched a little while in here last night."
"Let's move on, then," he told her.
Next they stopped at a brightly lit room where there were several people bound with rope in various positions around the room.
"This is our Kinbaku room. Kinbaku is a Japanese word meaning 'tight binding'. Japanese binding is different than Western style binding. In Kinbaku, there are several specific rope patterns and body positions. We have two highly trained bakushi's, or Kinbaku masters, one male and one female. Clay and Jacy. Come in, I'll point out some of the different patterns."
"They won't mind?" Bella, asked, referring to the subs that were bound.
"Not at all, Sweet, that's why they are here."
They walked into the spacious room. Some of the people were sitting on mats on the ground, others were lying and some were standing.
"Lola," he said pointing to a woman sitting on a mat, "is bound in an ebi shibari, or shrimp tie."
Bella examined the woman at her feet. Her chest was bound in an interesting pattern of knots with her wrists tied behind her back. Her ankles were tied together as she sat in a crossed leg position. The bindings on her chest and ankles were connected, forcing her to bend over. The position looked, to Bella, as if it would be uncomfortable if the person were in it for any length of time. She told Aidan this.
"Yes, I guess it is. But some people enjoy that pain, just like the pain of a good spanking. Eventually, if the person requests, they will be rolled onto their back in this binding and that leaves them completely exposed to anything their Dom or FemDom wants to do to them." He led her to a bound man. His hands were complexly tied behind his head, the ropes wrapping his chest. One ankle was tied and his leg lifted straight out away from his body, suspended from a rope tied to a hook in the ceiling. "This position is a combination of Koutou ushiro te shibari, hands behind the head and Kataashi age tsuri shibari, the lifted foot."
"Wow, the binding are really beautiful. It looks as if a lot of effort went into them."
"Yes, it takes long and intensive training to become a Kinbaku master. Would you like to move on?"
"If you're ready to," she acquiesced.
"You really are a quick learner, baby girl. I think you are a natural at being a sub."
"Well, I can tell you I've never felt very submissive before. You and Eli bring it out in me."
Putting his hand on the small of her back, Aidan led her out of the Kinbaku room. They passed the Flogging Room and The Stable. From the walls of the Flogging Room hung every conceivable instrument imaginable for whipping, flogging or spanking a person. The Stable was filled with hay and looked like a tack room in a stable. Several men and women were in the room. Two women and one man were the ponies, the others trainers. The ponies wore bits in their mouths and plugs in their asses that had tails attached. Aidan explained that their trainers put them through all the basic training that a horse would get. They were taught how to gallop, trot, cantor and how to take a rider.
"Very interesting," Bella said, standing and watching for a while. The one thing she had noticed was that everyone in the club, be it sub or Dom, were all different shapes and sizes. She'd always imagined that only skinny and beautiful people would visit a sex club. It was both eye-opening and refreshing.
"By interesting you mean 'not for me'?"
"Exactly," she replied with a laugh.
Aidan escorted her past several other rooms, each with a different purpose, each quite large. They stopped at one room and Bella asked if they could go in and observe.
"Of course," Aidan answered. "This is our Wax Room." They walked over to where a woman lay on a table on her stomach. She already had a rainbow of wax on her skin that had dripped down her sides in nearly uniform stripes. Some was already hardened, some in the process. She noticed the woman had an incredibly lush body, not much smaller than Bella herself. She had long, wavy brown hair that hung nearly to the floor. Her Dom was still in the process of coating her with more wax. "We use a special wax blend here that melts at a much lower temperature. The sub still gets the sting of hot melted wax as it is poured on them, but there is no true injury. Novices often make the mistake of using the wrong wax and end up with serious burns. The number one rule at The Whip and Dagger is that no real injury is allowed-pain, sure, but not injury. There is a major difference that many people who only dabble in the D/s lifestyle fail to understand. People who feel the need to injure or be injured need psychological help and have no place here."
"That's comforting," Bella assured him as she continued to watch the girl be covered in wax. She could see having that done and told Aidan so.
"Eli is very good at it. I'll let him know you are interested. This is Sara, by the way," he said gesturing to the sub. "And this is Drake," he continued, gesturing to the Dom. Sara smiled at Bella in greeting.
"Hello, Bella," Drake greeted her. Bella started at the use of her name. She looked to Aidan for permission to reply. When she received an affirmative nod she returned the greeting, not raising her eyes to his.
Aidan leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Well done, baby girl. And everyone here knows who you are. Word travels fast in a place like this." When he was done speaking, he tongued her ear, causing Bella to shiver.
The left the room and made their way to the main scene room. It was the large room where Aidan had been flogging the girl on the St. Andrew's cross the night before. When they walked in Eli was waiting for them. Bella went to him, throwing her arms around his waist.
"I could get used to this, Princess," he told her, kissing the top of her head.
"Where were you," she asked him.
"Setting something up. Come sit with us," Eli invited, motioning to a leather sofa at one side of the large room. This room had much the same feel of the lounge, furnished with sofas, chaises and club chairs, only people were allowed to engage in sexual behavior in this area, whereas it was forbidden in the lounge. "You look amazing, by the way. Your thighs look absolutely edible in that outfit."
Bella laughed. "You guys are so alike! Ade also commented on my thighs."
Eli and Aidan sat on the sofa, but before Bella could sit they ordered her to show off her outfit to them from every angle. Bella slowly spun around for them.
"Turn back around," Eli told her, "I want to see your ass." When she complied he gave a wolf whistle. Bella looked at him over her shoulder and giggled a little. "Put your hands behind your back and bend over," he told her, his voice going husky. Bella did as she was told, bending at the waist until she was nearly perpendicular to the floor. She heard Aidan hiss on an indrawn breath.
"Holy fuck," he said. "Eli, will you look at how wet our baby girl is." Bella had already soaked through her tiny g-string and she was sure the inside of her thighs were shiny with moisture. "Bell, do you know how much it turns me on that you did what you were told just now without hesitating, even though the room is crowded?"
"You can sit with us now," Eli told her.
Bella laughed as she complied, sitting between the two, and said, "I'm going to literally leave a puddle when I get up."
"It's ok, baby girl," Aidan told her. "We have staff that goes around cleaning the furniture all night. That's why we use leather."
"We want you to scene with us here in the main room tonight," Eli informed her.
Bella's stomach clenched with nerves and a little excitement. She took a deep breath in and let it out, giving herself a moment to compose herself. Her mind was swimming with old fears and doubts, fighting with her new self-confidence. Her new self-confidence won.
"I gave you my promise I would do as you asked. So I will. But I'm not going to lie and say I'm not nervous. What will we do?"
"We're not going to fuck you, but we will make you come," Aidan told her. "How do you feel about coming in front of all these people and probably more?"
"Honestly it excites me."
"Most are here to see you tonight. They all want to see who stole our hearts," Eli whispered in her ear.
"Please kiss me," she asked him.
Immediately, he lowered his head to hers and softly kissed her lips, from corner to corner. Then he licked the seam of her lips, demanding entrance. Bella parted her lips and sucked his tongue inside. While they kissed he put one hand on her bare thigh and lifted her leg over his. When Aidan did the same from the other side, the wet crotch of her panties was exposed to anyone who chanced to look. And considering the novelty she was considered by the other patrons, she assumed there were plenty of eyes on her. Aidan leaned in to lick, suck and bite at her neck while he gently ran his fingers up and down the moist fabric of her panties. Bella wriggled restlessly, anxious to have his fingers buried deep within her pussy.
"Patience, baby girl," Aidan whispered in her ear. "We'll save anything else for the stage."
Bella pulled away from Eli and breathlessly asked, "When?"
"Now," Eli told her. Putting her leg off of him, he stood. He held his hand out to her. Lifting her leg off of Aidan, Bella took his hand and let him pull her to her feet.
She swallowed hard. What the fuck did I get myself into?
Keeping Bella's hand in his, Eli led her to the stage. It was centered on one wall and all of the furniture in the large space was situated to face it. Looking around, Bella estimated there must be at least sixty people in the room. Her stomach lurched but she kept walking. Once on stage, she noticed that a low stool was situated in the center and off to one side was a table with several items on it. Eli led her to the stool and stopped her in front of it.
Aidan stepped up next to Bella and in a loud voice addressed the crowd. "Everyone, this is Bella. She belongs to us now." Great applause met Aidan's statement. Bella smiled. "Now I'm going to ask you a question and I want an honest answer. Do not lie because Bella is ours. How many of you would fuck Bella right now if given a chance?" Bella gasped and looked to Ade incredulously. He turned to her before motioning to the crowd. "Look, baby girl."
When Bella turned back to the crowd she noticed that about two-thirds of those in the crowd, a mix of men and women, had raised their hands. Bella blushed hotly, but figured if people were raising their hands just to get in good with Aidan and Eli more would have volunteered.
"Hey, guys! You found a girl who still knows how to blush," a man in the crowd yelled out. "You lucky bastards!"
Eli laughed. "Don't we know it. Bella has agreed to do a scene for you all. She doesn't know what we have planned and since she's a newbie this should be good!" Wolf whistles and cat calls came from the crowd.
Both men removed their shirts and tossed them to the side. Eli squatted down and pulled Bella's G-string down. Bracing her hand on his shoulder, she stepped out of it, no easy task in five inch heels. Eli held the panties up to his nose and inhaled deeply before throwing them to the crowd. Surprisingly, many scrambled to get to them first, causing Bella to blush again and giggle. Taking her by the shoulders, Eli turned Bella until her back was to the crowd.
"Bend over and place your hands on the stool," Eli ordered her. The crowd now had a prime view of both her ass and her cunt. Bella was extremely exposed and was thoroughly turned on by it. Eli ran his hands over Bella's ass, squeezing and lifting before separating her cheeks even more. Bella's breath left her in hiss, it felt so good. "Keep your head down and your eyes on the ground."
Aidan, who had been at the table, walked over and joined Eli. In moments, Bella felt lube being poured onto her ass, running down her crack. Aidan reached out and kept it from dripping to the floor and rubbed the lube up and down the crack of her ass before pushing a finger all the way into her tight little rosebud. He didn't stop until his finger was buried up to the last knuckle. He slowly pumped it in and out before adding a second finger, causing Bella to moan.
"You can moan, scream, whimper or even cry Bella, but you may not move," he commanded. "Do you understand me?"
"Yes, Ade," Bella said softly.
"Good." Aidan pulled his fingers out and it wasn't long before she felt something smooth and cold against the opening of her ass. Knowing it was too cold to be one of their cocks, Bella could only assume it was a plug. She whimpered a little, not having much experience with them, but she trusted her men. Aidan slowly worked the plug in until it felt like she was going to be torn apart. Just when she couldn't take it anymore, it popped into her ass and she felt a sense of relief along with an incredible sense of fullness. Bella felt moisture trickle from her cunt and knowing the crowd could see it caused her stomach to clench in arousal.
With no warning, Bella felt a blow from a paddle on her ass. The pressure of it pushing against the plug caused Bella to cry out in a mix of pain and desire. It felt strangely like being fucked in the ass and paddled at the same time. Aidan laid on four more strikes before pausing. Bella's ass was on fire, but she did nothing more than whimper as more of her own lubrication flowed down her inner thigh. After a short pause, Aidan spanked her five more times, the blows becoming progressively harder. He repeated this cycle twice more before he stopped. By this time Bella was crying out loudly with each blow but her clit was so swollen from being fucked by the plug that she was sure she could come if someone just blew on it. She wasn't to be granted an orgasm just yet though. Someone, Eli it turned out, grabbed Bella by the back of her hair and pulled her into a standing position.
"Turn around and sit down princess," he told her, "and spread your legs as wide as they'll go."
Bella did as ordered, sitting on the edge of the stool and spreading her legs wide, providing an excellent view of her cunt for the whole audience. She groaned and threw head back as the seated position pushed the plug even farther into her ass and caused the burning on her cheeks to intensify. The lowness of the stool combined with the height of her heels meant that her knees were higher than her hips. This caused her body to be positioned in a way that there was nothing hidden from the hungry eyes of the crowd.
"Interlock your fingers behind you head and don't move them until I tell you," Eli continued.
"Yes, Eli."
Eli unlaced her corset until it was just below her breasts then folded the fabric back until her breasts were also on display. He then pinched and tweaked her nipples until they stood out far from her breasts, begging to be sucked. Eli stood back and each one of her men flanked her on either side. Looking into the crowd, Bella felt she was a confection in a bakery window when she saw the looks in their eyes. She was also feeling slightly embarrassed. It was one thing to have things done to her with her back to the crowd, but looking at them was another thing.
"We need a volunteer," Aidan addressed the crowd. "Who would like the privilege of eating Bella's cunt?" More than a few hands shot up in the audience.
Again, Bella's gaze snapped to Aidan's but she didn't drop her hands. He looked down at her with a question in his eyes as if to ask, Do you trust me? And she did. With a nearly imperceptible nod, she faced forward again, silently reassuring him of that. She looked out into the crowd surprised to see that there were women with raised hands as well as men.
"We are going to let Bella pick," Eli announced. Bella was once again shocked, assuming that as a sub she would have no choice in the matter. She scanned all those with raised hands. She saw the universal expression of lust in all their eyes. When her gaze fell upon Sara, the girl from The Wax Room, she made a surprising decision.
"Sara," she said decisively. Bella had never been with a woman and there was a first time for everything. Besides, she liked the soft look that accompanied the girl's lust. Sara turned to her Dom for approval. Drake just motioned her to the stage, a pleased smile on his face, which he turned to Bella. Bella realized she'd just made a friend, which she needed in this place. Bella instantly lowered her stare, realizing she's been staring another Dom in the eyes.
Aidan gave a bark of laughter. "You have some surprises left, don't you little girl?" he asked her.
"Always, I hope," she replied without looking.
As Sara made her way to the stage, Eli attached a set of lined nipple clamps to Bella's already hard nipples. Bella was grateful that her men had taken her sensitive skin into account and used lined clamps, ensuring there was just enough pain, but no hurt. The pressure on her sensitive nipples caused a fresh rush of moisture to leak out of her cunt. Bella moaned deep in her throat. When Sara stood in front of Bella, she looked to Ade for instructions.
"May I kiss her?" Sara asked.
"Of course, Sweets," Aidan answered. "But hold on one minute." Ever the gentleman, Aidan retrieved a pad and put it between Bella's legs to give Sara a soft surface to kneel upon. Bella fell in love with him a little more for showing such sweet consideration.
Sara got down on her knees and placed her hands on Bella's knees. Bella looked into Sara's eyes and felt her pussy and her heart flutter. Sara had beautiful doe eyes, a soft brown, and looking into them Bella knew that Sara would be a very close friend to her. Sara had such softness in her eyes that it pulled you in. It was as if you were looking into her soul. Bella had never really been attracted to women, but she wanted to make love to Sara and she hoped at some time in the future her men could arrange it with Drake. For now, though, Bella would happily let Sara eat her cunt.
Sara leaned forward and placed her lips softly on Bella's. Bella gasped in pleasure and Sara used that opening to softly push her tongue into Bella's mouth. Bella was amazed at how good it felt to kiss a woman; soft, warm and sweet. She sucked on Sara's tongue before going on the offensive and taking time to lick the whole inside of Sara's mouth before pulling back to nibble on her lips. When Sara pulled away both women were panting with desire.
Sara leaned further up and whispered in Bella's ear. "I want to eat your cunt now Bella. I'll make sure you enjoy it."
"Go ahead," Bella said. "I want it so bad."
Sara slid her hands up Bella's thighs until she reached her cunt. She lightly brushed her fingers over Bella's pussy lips, teasing Bella until she was moaning and wriggling her hips, silently begging for more. Sara dipped one finger into Bella's very wet cunt, smearing her honey around and lightly flicking her clit until it was sticking out proudly from her lips. Bringing her finger up to her mouth, Sara sucked Bella's juices from her finger while looking Bella right in the eyes. Bella's cunt clenched with pure lust. Finally, Sara used her thumbs to separate Bella's lips and gave her a long, thorough lick up the entire length of her cunt. Bella threw her head back and moaned loudly.
As Sara continued lapping at Bella's weeping slit, Bella began to take in the sounds around her. Opening her eyes and looking into the audience, she noticed that they were watching Sara eat her with lust blazing hot in their eyes. Many were touching themselves or their partners while watching her. Bella felt even more aroused as their eyes wandered over her. She almost felt as if their gazes were physical caresses on her body. Wow, she thought absently, I think I'm an exhibitionist.
When Sara began sucking on Bella's clit, Bella whimpered, thrusting her cunt closer to Sara's face. As her eyes scanned the audience once again, the alighted on one pair and stopped. She watched as a bear of a man was fondling a slender young man. The scene was highly erotic, due in part to how polar opposite these two men were. The larger of the men was quite large, covered in body hair and sported a beard. The younger man was baby faced, smooth skinned and very slim. As she watched, the younger man fell to his knees and took the enormous cock of the older man into his mouth, enthusiastically bobbing his head, swallowing his whole cock. Bella's lust kicked up a notch as the young man stood and backed to the bearded man. Spreading his ass with his hands, he lowered himself onto the cock of his lover. When an ecstatic look of lust came over the young man's face and his mouth opened on a silent moan, Bella nearly came.
Sara shoved two fingers into Bella's cunt, hooking them catch her g-spot, while she continued to suck enthusiastically on Bella's clit. Bella continued to watch the young man thrust his ass up and down on lover's cock and she realized she was riding Sara's fingers in the same rhythm. She watched the couple for several moments and was rewarded when he stiffened and threw back his head and came with a groan so loud Bella could hear it from the stage. When she was on the edge of coming she held back and called out to her lovers.
"May...oh god please...Ade, Eli, may I...fuck Sara that feels so good, don't stop. I need to...fuck...I need to come. May I please come?" The last was said on a wail as she struggled hard to keep from falling over the edge into orgasm.
Eli leaned down and whispered into her ear, "You want to come princess?"
"Aaaaah! Oh fuck, please Eli. Please! I can't hold back...oh my god...much longer."
Reaching out to grab the chain connecting her nipple clamps, Eli pulled hard as he said, "Come for us baby. Come for all of us."
The tug on the chain was just what she needed. Letting out a scream, Bella threw her head back and came hard. She felt fluid squirting out of her and knew she was drenching Sara's face and chest, but she couldn't stop and didn't want to. The orgasm kept going and going as Sara continued to suck her clit and ram her fingers into Bella's cunt, causing one orgasm to roll into the next. Her cunt clenching around the plug in her ass pushed her to greater heights. She could her moans, groans and shouts of approval from the audience as she continued to come. She wondered if it would ever stop. Finally, it became too much and she begged for it to stop.
"Please, no more," she moaned.
"Sara, sweet, that's enough," Aidan ordered.
Sara sat up, fluid shining on her face and covering her chest from where Bella had squirted on her. She leaned in and kissed Bella gently, sharing the taste of Bella's cunt with her.
"Thank you so much for sharing yourself with me," Sara told her. "I am so happy I could make you feel so good."
"No, Sara," Bella replied, "thank you for that. You were amazing."
"You may go back to Drake now, Sara," Eli instructed her. "You've done very well and made him proud. I'm sure he'll have a suitable reward for you."
Sara stood and nodded. "Thank you, Eli."
Bella watched as Sara made her way back to Drake and he took her by the arm and led her out of the room. She was still coming down from that wonderful orgasm and was slightly dazed. Her arms were beginning to ache from being held behind her head for so long, but she refused to complain. Her cunt was still fluttering, causing her ass to clamp around the plug.
"Baby girl," Aidan said as he knelt before her, "that was amazing. We are so proud of you." He reached out and gently lowered her arms. As he stood back up and moved aside Bella was greeted with a round of applause interspersed with catcalls and whistles. She blushed again as she realized what she'd done in front of this audience but she wasn't ashamed. She stood and curtsied, gaining another round of applause as well as good-natured laughter.
"You've won their hearts, little girl," Eli told her, wrapping his arms around her from behind.
"Thank you all for your attention," Aidan told the audience. "In an hour Mistress Jade will be teaching a class on the art of caning. I'm sure it will be quite interesting. You don't want to miss it."
Eli buttoned Bella's corset back up as she wobbled unsteadily on her feet. She felt fuck drunk, as if she'd been drinking margarita's all night. Her men led her to a room directly off of the stage. It was a large bathroom and they proceeded to clean her with wet cloths.
"Mmm...that's nice," Bella murmured as Eli wiped a damp, warm cloth over her swollen pussy lips. "I love you both. So much."
"Baby girl, you are the most beautiful, sensuous woman we have ever met," Aidan praised her. "What you just did out there defied our expectations. You have come so far in a single day. Yesterday your spirit was broken. Tonight I witnessed a woman come into her sexuality. I fell even harder in love with you."
Bella looked at both men, taking the hand of each. "You have helped me heal myself from wounds inflicted by a stupid, immature asshole. I can't believe I ever let him get inside my head that way. But I'm here with you two now and that's all that matters. I want to spend forever with you."
"Good," Eli informed her, "because we are never letting you go."