Many thanks go to RF-Fast for his editing and suggestions that enhanced the story. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style.
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters active are of the age of consent.
A word of warning, I write good stories, I hope, with some decent sex in them. If you're looking for a stroker look somewhere else.
Can't say that on this one, it is totally a short stroker story.
I don't consider myself a writer or author, I'm a storyteller. So please take that into consideration when you read it, it should be read like someone is telling you the story. I am not now, or never have been, an English major. So synonyms may be wrong, and the grammar may not be correct, but it is like people really talk. I've never talked to someone that had perfect grammar.
I write for my enjoyment and for the people that like it. If you don't like how and what I write, oh well. Don't read it. My feelings won't be hurt.
For those of you that do like what I've posted so far, thank you and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it.
Copyright (c) 2019 by Acup
The disclaimers have been moved to the end of the story for my A D D readers.
---
Taking the prize.
'I want that dick in me...'
---
This story came from a picture I came across. The picture is taken by a guy, laid back on a swingers beach, his girlfriend or wife or whomever sucking his cock. She has a little more than the head in her mouth.
But in the background is this woman leaning back, her eagle eyes on that cock going in and out of the mouth of the woman. The look on her face is a pure 'That lucky bitch! Probably won't even share some of that delicious cum...'
This is my story of what I imagined was going through her head.
---
I'm laying here in the sun, a nice warm day. People milling around, some spread out working on their tans. And of course the guys always out patrolling the women. I mean come on, really! Can't these guys take a hint! Do I need to put up a sign or something?
I'm laying out putting my tanning oil on three times more often than necessary, barely a tan line on my smooth body. I've oiled and groped my boobs over and over, oiled my mound and ass. I don't know how many times I nearly rub myself off out here, and still these guys can't take a hint.
'WANTED: Hard dick. Any Hole. Anytime, Anywhere.' Think that might get through to them? Hell, at this point I might even consider another chick with a strap on...
That reminds me, I need to stop and get a jumbo pack of batteries on the way home.
And that twit over there, I mean if you are going to suck that dick, at least do it right. Suck that bad boy down and let him thrust it down your throat as he unloads those big balls. Feel that cock pulse in you, then pull back and spray it all over your face and boobs. Suck him back down and get the very last drop from that dick.
Smile at him as he looks at his cum on your boobs and face. Wipe up a bit with your fingers and make a show of licking it off. He'll be hard again in no time, and then you can get a long deep fuck. Pussy or ass, either way you're almost guaranteed at least three orgasms before he shoots off in you again.
I heard screaming, and then a light round of applause off to my right. I grinned, Bridget is a natural slut. See her out to a fancy shin dig, and you'd have no idea she had an open nipple bra and a huge butt plug under that designer dress... and usually at least one load of cum dribbling down her thighs.
I glanced over to see a familiar sight. Bridget laid back, chest heaving, an extra bit of sweat glistening on her body, hard nipple points standing straight up, her knees spread and up putting her pussy on display.
That well fucked, inflamed pussy, with cum literally running out of it.. If I didn't know the consequences, I'd be tempted to crawl over and suck Clarks cum from her pussy. I don't mind, but enjoying that nice load of cum also comes with being in a sixty nine with her, while he fucks my ass.
Not that I wouldn't relish a nice hard dick in my ass right now, but once that pussy is clean of his cum, I'm not that into it. Sorry.
I smiled thinking back. It's been almost two months since Pedro moved out. I would have done the same. A healthy raise and a city with a lower cost of living was a no brainer. He'd scowl at me calling him Pedro.
"My Mexican birth certificate says Pedro, myAMERICANcitizenship papers say Pete!"
"So?" I asked grinning over my shoulder.
He'd growl and chase me to my bedroom, pushing me down on the corner of my bed and lift my skirt. The little gasp as he saw my bare ass as he dropped his slacks said it all.
"You fucking bitch!" he groaned as he slid balls deep in my ass... my well lubed ass. He knew I had tricked him, but he didn't care. He just grabbed my ass and pounded me through several orgasms until he unloaded deep in my ass. Feeling his dick pulse in me always brought me over the edge, as load after load of that warm cum filled me.
Pete fell over on my back mashing me to the bed. He knew I loved being under him with his dick in my ass.
"One of... these days... I'm gonna fill... your pussy... until it... overflows."
"Okay, but you like watching the ripples in my ass too much when you fuck it."
"I never should have told you that."
He groaned again when I got up, but his eyes never left my bare butt. I held my skirt up high as I put my ring butt plug in and headed into work. Fucked, filled, and a heavy plug is always the' best way to start any day.
I was brought back to reality as a couple came walking by. Her big fake boobs bobbing in the sun, his cum crusty and drying on her thighs, his hand low on her butt, with his middle finger looking like it was playing with her ass as she walked.
The guy across from me groaned and arched. The stupid bitch didn't even swallow him down. She pointed his dick over his thigh and jacked him into the sand. What a waste.
She screeched as he got a hand between her legs, and a few moments later she stormed off. He just sighed and laid back, his nice dick laid across his thigh. God that would feel so good in me right now.
My hands naturally gravitated right to my pussy, with my middle finger zeroing on my clit. My left hand coming up to cup my boob, rolling and pinching my nipple. My eyes locked on that delicious dick twitching across his thigh. Even going soft it looked like it would fill me nicely.
I watched it soften as my fingers enjoyed themselves. And then I saw it, that last delicious drop.
As his dick softened, that last little bit she didn't shoot into the sand was appearing at the tip of his dick, working its way out.. That dollop was getting bigger and bigger, as my fingers were getting faster and faster on my clit. I almost twisted my nipple off, I was sooooo close.
But when gravity pulled that last delicious drop from the tip of his dick to his thigh, I couldn't take it. I arched and came almost rubbing my clit off as I arched and came and came and arched. I began breathing again as I got a light round of applause. I opened my eyes to see the owner of that nice dick smiling at me, giving me a thumbs up.
But it was time for me to leave. I gathered my stuff enjoying the feeling of a little of my lonely lady juice drying in the breeze at the edge of my pussy, barely onto my thighs. Slip my wrap around me, and it was back to the real world.
I went through one set of batteries and was well on the way to killing another set that week.
I got to the beach fairly early Saturday and got a decent spot. Not too close to the entry or bathrooms, but close enough to be nice.
About an hour later Mr. Nice Dick and the witch came in. It was really obvious he was a regular and she was not. Not a tan line on him, she had some REALLY white triangles on boobs, pussy, AND ass. Ever heard of a THONG! Her eyes were dancing trying to figure out who and how many were looking at her.
Either she was new to the life, or only doing it for him. Standing with legs tight together, arms against boobs to stop any movement, you know the drill.
And since I was down wind of them today, I go the rest of the picture. The bitch was constantly whining and whimpering when he touched and played, and NOT in encouragement. He was making some headway fingering her pussy when she rolled against him to suck him down, trying to stop his advances.
She wasn't bad, but she was just bobbin on the end instead of sucking that bad boy down. He put his hand on the back of her head trying not so gently to encourage her. So she put her fingers around his dick to prevent him from pushing her down further. Light weight!
She was actually making some head way as he got a hand under her. She screeched like the other day, but stood up screaming at him for being a pervert, grabbed her things and once more stormed off mumbling about him getting his fingers in her ass.
He was close, his dick was still twitching. I could see his pre-cum glistening at the tip of his cock. I couldn't take it anymore. I stood on shaky legs doing my best not to look at that hard quivering dick.
I looked anyway.
"That looks like a hard problem," I managed to get out looking at his twitching dick.
"Looks that way."
I managed to look him in the face and saw him smiling, "You mind if I..."
"Please."
He had barely stopped speaking and I dropped to my knees beside him, but my head didn't stop moving, it kept right on going until I had him three quarter of the way down my throat. "Mmmmmmmm," we said together.
I pulled back and pushed down again. It had been far too long since I had a throat full of dick, I barely tickled the end of my nose in his short hair. On the third stroke I had him all. Nose mashed into his belly, chin against his balls. If I didn't need to breathe I'd sit like this for a while.
But it helps when you breathe, so I backed off and licked and suckled his dick and played with his balls. In return I was getting all sorts of encouraging moans from him. I took him balls deep again because my throat felt empty
I pulled off to suckle the head, but I couldn't take any more. I pushed right down on him, again, and again, and again. Slamming my face into his belly making certain to get every little bit I could in me.
I felt his hand on the back of my head grabbing my hair as I felt him twitch like he was going to pull me back.
FUCK THAT! I grabbed his hips, digging in my fingernails, and throat fucked that throbbing cock. I was rewarded on the fourth stroke to feel him swell before pumping that hot cum down my throat as I creamed my pussy.
Again I had to breathe and pulled back to keep sucking his cum down. Shot after shot in my mouth, swallowing only when I had to, loving the feeling of my cheeks bloated with warm creamy cum as my own flowed down my thighs.
When he finished I had quite the mouthful, almost enough to have to swallow. I looked up at his grinning face, eyes closed. I wanted to groan as I stood. He watched me as I stood over his belly, legs spread and wet pussy gaping from the breeze I felt.
I looked down at him, tilted my head to one side, then let some cum dribble down my chin to my boob. I tilted my to the other side and let a bit more dribble so it ran all the way to my that nipple. Then kicked my head back and made a production of swallowing the last of it down and licking my lips.
I looked down at his cum working its way down my boobs, he was grinning back up at me. I looked at the drop that was about to drip from my nipple and caught it with my finger and licked it off. Then I took both hands and massaged the rest of it into my boobs. Little boobs don't take much cum to cover them. And it looks a lot messier than it was, but it felt GREAT!
I grabbed my bag, and put my towel and wrap over my arm and walked out, proud of the sheen of cum on my thighs and chest. There was no one in the parking lot, so I didn't bother with my wrap. A couple of guys in a pickup beside me seemed to enjoy the topless lady driving beside them. Wonder what they would have thought if they knew I was bottomless also and had two fingers in my pussy as they gawked at my boobs?
I got a parking spot close to my door, so I walked to my apartment the same way. I saw old Mr. Fredricks watching me wide eyed from around the corner. I fumbled with my keys a bit before going inside to let him ogle my ass.
I was feeling very, VERY, slutty. I stayed naked the rest of the night, kinda. I slipped my huge butt plug in and rode the Sybian for two orgasms, then slid my big long dildo in and put the harness on inside out to keep it deep in me. I sat down hard every time that evening jamming it just that much more in me every time.
I came and actually fainted when I popped it through my cervix. I came again and almost fainted when I took it out. If I didn't have to work tomorrow I would have slept like that. I'm not a morning person so it all came out and I took a LONG hot shower. Well almost all of it came out for the evening. I slipped my big steel butt plug back in. I had that or a big egg in all week.
I went through three sets of batteries remembering him down my throat. And I had a game plan for this weekend. She either wouldn't or couldn't take him down her throat, and freaked if he got near her ass. I was deep cleansing before I went out.
I normally only rinse three or four times before I take a dick in my ass without a rubber. Today I did eight and contemplated two more. I nearly came as I thoroughly lubed my ass.
There were a few people around the parking lot, but the wrap stayed on my arms with my towel. Just my floppy hat, huge grin, and well lubed ass as I made my way to my usual spot. My lubed cheeks sliding against each other provide such a wonderfully slutty feeling.
He was already there, a bit closer to my spot, but not enough to look like he was assuming anything.
I stopped with my knee kicked out so he could get a good look at my pussy while I looked him over. His nice dick once again lying across his thigh, and it looked to be firming up a bit. "That for me?"
He smiled, "Could be."
"I'm only going to suck it long enough to ride it."
"That's fair."
I glanced around quick, "No company this weekend?"
He shrugged, "I'm not holding my breath."
I grinned and dropped my bag and stuff beside him, then stepped across putting my pussy on display above his head before turning to claim my prize. I kneeled down beside him, ass and pussy just out of his hand range. I didn't want to spoil the surprise.
He was nicely firm as I took him all the way in. Sucking and nibbling and loving on the now hard dick. I tried to hold off, but had to swing a leg over. "Front door or back?" I asked as I swiped his hard dick between my almost dribbling lips.
"Tease," he moaned.
"It ain't teasing, if you can doooo iiittt..." the last part coming out more like a moan as I slid him back and settled down taking his dick deep in my ass. I felt him twitch in my ass.
I rolled back a bit, getting him deeper while enjoying the look on his face almost as much as his twitching dick in my ass. I squirmed and rotated until I literally had him balls deep in my ass. And then I started my patented slut ass fuck motion. It was Pete's favorite, and after seeing myself in the headboard mirror once, I had to agree.
Leaned back, boobs pointed to the sun, feet beside him and knees spread. My pussy spreading a bit as I rose and fell on the titanium dick in my ass. Reveling at his every little ridge and vein. His eyes were glued between my spread slut thighs as I rode him.
My moaning turning to little yelps turning to screams as I flat out ass fucked myself on him. My ass was literally slapping his thighs. I began convulsing in orgasm as I felt his dick spasm in my ass. I was reduced to a trembling mess, laid back on his legs as he fired shot after shot deep in my ass.
I vaguely remember hearing a nice round of applause.
I remember him rolling me off his legs and his soft dick slipping from my ass. "Next time you're on top," I managed to say as I fumbled in my bag. He got a bit wide eyed as I slipped my big long handled polished chrome plug in my ass.
He looked down at my spread and inflamed pussy, "That would be nice. Mignon showed up about the time I was filling your ass."
I looked at him, "Mignon? Who the hell names a girl Mignon?"
I pushed him away as I spread my legs wantonly flaunting my inflamed pussy. "Go wash up, and I'll nibble a bit before you climb on."
He grinned and sauntered off to the bathrooms.
I lightly stroked my clit watching his ass as he walked. He eyed me playing with myself as he walked back and lay down beside me. Pulling me to him for a long soft kiss, then took my wet fingers from my pussy and studiously licked them clean before putting them back.
"Brice Richards," he said before he leaned over to nibble on my neck.
I barely giggled, not that far off from Mr. Nice Dick. "Helena Adams," I managed to moan out as he found a really good spot to nibble on.
Brice nibbled down my body, taking time to enjoy my small boobs. I was a large A cup, maybe a small B on my period and bloating all to hell. But they stood out nice and I have always had some serious firm to hard nipples.
I sighed and held his head to my boobs and he lavished my nipples.
He was going to continue, but I needed that dick I felt against my thighs in me. I rolled us to my back and spread my legs hooking my knees with my arms. He grinned and slowly slid deep into my pussy. We both groaned as he bottomed out in me. The tip of his dick just bumping my cervix as his balls hit my ass.
I pulled him down on me, his muscular body flattening mine. His chest flattening my little boobs into firm pancakes, my hard nipples pressing back into my own boobs making them ache all the more. Wrapping my legs around his ass I was putting my heels into him, holding him tight against me.
He rolled down on my boobs just enough, then rammed up deep in my again... and again... and... I was flailing and screaming as I came around him. A total fuck toy impaled on his dick and trapped under his body as he rolled up and down on my boobs and aching nipples... and I was not wanting to be anywhere else.
I think I even heard a few whistles...
Brice was rolling off me, and I instantly missed him on top of me. The cool breeze on my sweat soaked body, looking beside me seeing his cum covered dick across his thigh, and wanting to roll over and suck it down. Smiling at myself as I remembered that's what got me in this position to begin with.
Feeling a literal river of cum running from my pussy and around my plug and cum filled ass, almost cumming again just from the feeling of it. He had quite a reservoir in him, I grinned, wondering what it would be like after a day or so and getting it in my pussy first. Probably dribble well past my knees.
We cuddled and kissed and caressed for a few hours, then I had to go. He snickered at my weak kneed walk, but sighed when I shook my ass at him. I almost fell over doing it, and collapsed into my car for the drive home. I was glad I put the towel on my seat, it almost soaked through four layers by the time I arrived home.
A couple of the older ladies were out front, so I actually put my wrap on to get into the apartment. I did turn into the wind and let it billow behind me just as I went in the door for Mr. Fredricks. He was all smiles looking at my ass as I looked back at him over my shoulder.
I didn't get my vibrator out until Wednesday, and it went in my ass instead of my pussy.
I deep cleansed again Saturday morning, but this time my long handled butt plug went in right away. Brice already knew I liked getting my ass fucked.
I walked to the beach, and stopped cold as Brice stood to greet me. In my usual spot was a huge piece of carpet, two equally huge umbrellas to shade part of it. Some towels laid out in the sun and some canvas chairs under the umbrellas. And a not so small cooler near the chairs.
Brice strode up to me and held me tight with one hand while the other roamed my body as his tongue invaded my mouth. I moaned as his dick firmed between us, he moaned when his hand found the butt plug handle.
He led me to his little camp, steering me with one hand on my ass and his pinkie nudging the plug handle.
"Quite the spread here Brice."
He grinned and turned me to him, one hand on my ass nudging the plug handle as the other cupped and groped my boob, his fingers going to town on my nipple. "I wanted to make a good impression. So you know I'm not some bum just looking for a hot piece of ass."
Of course 'hot piece of ass' was accompanied by him kissing me and pressing the handle in a bit.
I wrapped both arms and one leg around him and ground against his hard dick as he wiggled the plug in my ass. Our lips and tongues dueled in a wonderful battle.
When he did release me I just dropped to my knees and inhaled that delicious dick. Looking up at him as best I could, I enjoyed that dick. Feeling his hand on my head, but just putting it there, not forcing me down. I felt him tremble, I just mashed my face onto him.
Feeling him spasm in my throat, then pulling back to blast him all over my boobs and neck felt incredible. The neck shot wasn't quite planned, but with what he was putting out, it was going to dribble off my boobs as it was.
I sucked the last of it from him, then flopped back on the carpet, knees out. Brice dropped to a chair. I looked up enough to see him grinning and looking back at me. I grinned and massaged his cum into my boobs and licked the rest from my fingers. I've been watching Bridget too much.
We managed to chat a bit, each on display to the other. I learned that he was a high school drop out that dabbled a bit in real estate and did okay with it. I told him of getting my business degree and working at a middle of the line payroll firm.
We chatted, we had sex, we chatted, he fucked my brains out. I came to and somehow strung a few sentences together watching his shit eating grin. He fucked my brains out again.
I came to again as I was being carried to the parking lot and put in the passenger seat of a NICE Navigator. I oozed across the console as he drove, his hand on my bare ass, mine caressing his dick through his shorts. I later wondered how many people saw my naked plugged ass on that drive. Gets me wet thinking about it.
We pulled into a downtown high rise through secured gates, then into a private parking area. I looked at him. "It came with the apartment," was all he said.
I half walked half hung on him into the elevator, totally oblivious that I was still naked. Up the elevator... apartment? This was the top two floors of the building. The fucking penthouse!!!
I was led to a shower almost as big as my living room. Brice began to soap me down, but as he did my ass, I groaned and stuck it out like a cat in heat. Naturally he did what his hormones told him to do. He yanked that plug from my ass and replaced it with his dick. Ramming me up against the wall over and over, as I screamed my fool head off while he flooded my pussy..
I woke somewhere in the night curled up to Brice. I smiled feeling one hell of a load in my ass and went back to sleep.
I woke to the feeling of lips going down my body. Brice gently nudging my legs apart and me spreading like a slut for him. Feeling his fingers explore my pussy, thumbs holding me open, his grin looking at my pussy made my nipples ache. With closed eyes, I felt him press his face to my pussy, his tongue lightly dancing. Until...
OH MY FUCKING GOD! HE EATS FUCKING CUNT LIKE THERE'S NO FUCKING TOMORROW. FINGERS AND TONGUE AND LIPS IN TOTAL HARMONY. I'M GOING TO...
I was reduced to a sweaty limp noodle. I looked at the clock, it was a little after eleven. Ffuuuuccckkkk. I snickered, well not quite! It was just tongue and fingers, but it was gooooood.
Brice came in with a breakfast tray and helped me sit up. He had to feed me the first few bites.
We sat out on the balcony in the sun, me curled up under his arm. His fingers playing with my nipples as I lightly stroked his dick. I tried to find out more about him, but mainly we talked about college life. He wished he'd stayed in school and went to college, but he did okay in real estate.
"From the look of this place I'd say you did a little better than okay."
He shrugged, "It was part of a deal a long time ago."
We talked and fucked the weekend away, I had to call in sick Monday, I couldn't walk straight. I was giggling constantly from the looks he gave me and what they did to my body.
We 'dated' the next few weeks. That meant he fed me, usually at his place and usually a fancy meal, sometimes even with clothes on, then we fucked and sucked until we couldn't move, before he took me home.
It took me three weeks to find out he owned the building, and another seven weeks to discover he had four more in the city and another twenty three across the country.
Did okay in real estate my ass. He didn't graduate because he already had four rental properties and had to close on two more at the same time he had finals. He closed on the houses and never looked back.
After a lot of discussion and persuasive pussy eating, Brice convinced me to become his PA. His VERY PERSONAL personal assistant.
When no one is around, his hands are on me or in my dress if mine aren't on him. Sometimes it is both in choreographed movement. Quite often I will crawl under his clear glass desk and blow him while he's on a conference call. If he's already fucked me silly, I'll just kneel with my ass in the air on the other side of the desk for him to ogle.
Sometimes he keeps looking after his call, other times he comes over and gives me another good long slow fuck. Especially if I reach between my spread legs and spread my pussy. The feel of him sliding in my pussy and between my fingers at the same time is almost enough to send me over the edge.
God don't get me started on lying back on his desk to eat me. The man has magic fingers and now keeps an extra vibrator and some lube for my ass in his desk drawer. The picture he took of me sprawled on his desk with my dress open and pussy dribbling was hot!
If he's on a video call I'll sit across the room and play with myself. Dress up around the middle of my waist. If he's taking too long, I'll turn around on my knees and fuck my pussy and ass with dildos until he finishes. I get such a nice load in my ass when my cave man fucks me...
I don't own any bras, and the only panties I have all say 'Anal Slut' on them and have a large hole for plugs and his dick. I usually wear them when I'm on the rag. But I have been known to wear them under a very thin dress when we're out of town... with that long chrome handle sticking out.
Brice just hates to have to flip my dress up, fuck and fill me, then put the plug back in before we go out. He grins when I have to sit on my hip at the restaurant because of the handle.
He chuckled at a lady in the booth behind us one time. I sat in the chair and hung the handle off the back.
For business reasons, we are permanently engaged. I have a nice ring with a small diamond on my finger... and one in each nipple with a large diamond in the joint. Brice loves it when my dresses are thin enough for them to shine through. I love it when he takes me to a new swingers beach and fucks my brains out again and again and...
I have a surprise for him this year. I got my septum pierced and a small acrylic tube put in. I have a small gold ring to put in it, and a leather handled leash with a gold chain and clip.
We're going back to the first beach where we met for our anniversary. But I'll have a gold long handled butt plug in my ass and a large gold egg in my cunt when I clip the leash on and loop the handle on his hard dick... followed by my lips until he cums down my throat.
With all that he has given me and done for us, the best prize ever is still his dick deep in my throat pumping that cum in me...
---
And now for my disclaimers which were inspired by JimBob44, thanks for the inspiration.
Yes, I never met a comma or ellipse I didn't like.
Yes, it jumps around too much.
Yes, it's in the wrong category.
Yes, it's too long.
Yes, it's too short.
Yes, this is stupid shit.
If you want a perfect story go find one written by Mr. Data.
And, yes, I suck.
Go have yourself a warm and fuzzy day.
BTW,you only get to comment on spelling and grammar if you are volunteering to be an editor.Those comments and rants will be deleted, you've been warned.
Ladies, please comment, or better yet become a beta reader.
AND DON'T FORGET TO VOTE!
Quote from an unknown genus - Political correctness is a doctrine, fostered by a delusional, illogical minority, and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulously biased mainstream panic media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possibleto pick up a turd by its clean end!