The evening night was beautiful. A gentle breeze rustled the leaves as Candi Palmer strolled casually toward the downtown area. She was on her way to meet up with her friendly date Dave. Her thin crème colored sun dress fanned about wildly in the breeze.
As always, no underwear made her body feel the freedom it needed.
After her masturbation at the fitness center today she was primed for a few drinks and casual flirtations.
Dave had turned out to be a real sweetheart she thought. Helping him get over his divorce was weighing on her mind. Along with so many other things. Her dad seeing her strip at the club, then how she behaved toward both He and her Uncle Walter. Damian and her stripper friend Kody knowing each other. Her life and thoughts were dramatically heavy.
The sidewalks wound through town as she approached the bar known as "CanTina's". It appeared fairly lively as she heard a country band playing. It had been forever since she had even gone into a bar. She had only been here one other time. The first year that Damian came home on leave. Her Father-in-law had joined them. Back then she was shy and reserved.
"Not now!" she muttered to herself.
At the front door stood a bald portly bouncer who had watched her arrival with interest. He nodded at her, "Cute dress. No cover charge. Gals get in for free. Have fun."
She winks at him, "I intend to."
Entering into the dark recesses of the bar she noted how crowded it was. men and women galore. She spotted multiple men eying her and she bit her lower lip toward each one. She knew she needed to tread carefully in this environment. Drunk ole ladies might raise a ruckus.
As she looked around for Dave she felt a hand slip up her skirt and caress her left cheek. She froze and peered over her should.
"There you are. I was just looking for you. Getting all handsy already. For shame. i told you I'm a lady. I did wear a dress. As requested."
He steps back and sizes her up. "In this light it's barely see through. I'm betting in broad daylight that dress is sheer."
"That it is. I guess we better sit near some bright light sources. Shouldn't we?"
He chuckles, "Not much light to be had. I guess imagination will just run wild. What are you drinking?"
"Hmmmmmmm! A beer is fine. anything Light will do." She warmly gestured with her eyes.
"On it!" He stepped to the bar and within five minutes returned with a bottle of beer. Handing it off they toasted each other with a clinking of bottles and chugged back a lengthy swallow.
"No place to sit really. Mind standing?" He questions as she shakes her head.
"So, what's new, Davey? My poster stretched out on your bed beneath you yet?"
He nods almost snorting his beer, "Guess I'm obvious. I even cut out a hole between your legs. Paper cuts are a bitch. healing though."
She in turn nearly snorts her own beer, "Too funny. Glad I could ease your pains."
Puckering at her he surveys the crowd, " How about you? Anything new?"
she lifts her eyes to the ceiling then huffs, "Well, today I masturbated for the members of the gym. Got fucked on a motorcycle. Two days ago I stripped at a club in St. Louis for 300 men. Tonight? Who knows."
He pauses with his bottle to his lips, "Staying busy then. Any word from your Husband?"
"It's been quiet this last two days. I did talk to him by phone from the nightclub in St. Louis. It was only for five minutes though. Pep talk." She herself pauses, "What about you? Any communication with your Ex?"
He sneers at her, "Naw! Just a few texts rubbing it in that she got the house."
Candi offers a saddened look, "How goes it with your Sister and Brother-in-law? Are they still okay with you staying there?"
He huffs, "For now. I've been working a little so I can contribute. Doing some roofing and stuff."
She raises an eyebrow, "Maybe I can get you a job with the Contractors that added my Massage Parlor to the Gym. Interested?"
"Absolutely. Make the call tomorrow. The sooner my jobs steady I can get my own place."
She jumps up and down slightly. Happy that her ideas are helpful. He did notice her tits bouncing. She noticed that he noticed.
"The band is good. Who are they?" She raises her voice.
"I think the flyer said, "The Up and Comers".
Candi burst into laughter, "No, really? How funny. My kind of band."
He nodded chuckling, " Betting so. Care to dance?"
Her eyes flare up, "I love to dance. Country though kind of makes it hard. Of course those slow dances make it even harder on you." She reaches down and pats his zipper.
"Is that a yes?"
She led the way. He followed. On her journey her breasts brushed heavily on many a men's arms and backs. She could tell they were easily enticed. Reaching the dance floor She whirled in her step and lifted her arms up to draw him closer. Bottles over each others shoulders they merely absorbed the music and stared into each others eyes. She loved his sway. He loved her beauty.
"You need a cowboy hat." She giggled.
"My Cat Hat is good enough for me, Thank ya Ma'am." He snickered.
"My Father-in-law sells those hats at the Tractor Implement."
"He a farmer?" He questions.
"No! Retired Military. He just works there for extra cash." she looks down between their bodies, "Is that the Pillar that belongs after your Cat-Errrrr?"
Hissing he shakes his head, "Sex on the brain every second?"
She pouts, "Is that bad?"
"No! Obviously I wanna fuck your brains out some day. But, it seems like that's all that surrounds you."
"Blame that on my Husband. My Master! Pleasing him allows me to please others. I guess I'm learning to enjoy that freedom."
"Master? I don't see any collar. Not even a wedding band."
She fidgets maintaining her gaze into his eyes, "He told me to put my wedding ring away. I'm certain he will collar me when I see him next. He's coming home on leave for three weeks."
"Huh! I never understood all that Master stuff. If he owns you then why are you having the time of your life while he's overseas?"
Candi ponders his question, "I've been told to enjoy men. As long as I offer him glimpses into what I do with others."
"Crazy! So the only way I can fuck you is to be filmed or have pictures taken?"
Winking at him she leans in and warmly kisses his chin, "Ordinarily yes. I can make exceptions. I just refuse to keep anything secret. He will know if we sleep with each other."
"He's not bringing home any AK-47's is he?"
She giggles, "Dance Hombre!"
For the remainder of the song they clung tightly to one another. Her profile buried into his chest. His chin gracing her blond hair.
A table opens next to the stage garnering Dave's attention. He nudges her attention away from his chest and guides her to claim it before anybody else did. They sit down and sip at their beer's for the next song then he shifts his attention to the crowd. He notes a bunch of men all around the room eying her. Dave didn't exist in their eyes. She was easily the most watched person in the bar. Candi knew it also but tried not to express it.
He also noticed the grimaces of women eying first their men then Candi. It was almost painful.
"Natives are getting restless. Men are hunting with their spears in hand, while their women are gripping their shrunken heads."
She bursts out a laugh then smiles, "I guess we'll see which tribe wins."
Gazing around for herself this time she spots some familiar faces. Her eyes flare up and she reaches over to grab Dave's hand on the table, "I'm going for the next beer. I see some people I know. Don't feel awkward I'm here with you tonight and if you play your cards right I might leave with you. Well, that's my plan if you want me to. That is."
He frowns, "Go play."
"Play?"
"Yeah. Leave with me BUT impress me before you do."
Her eyebrows raise, "Is that a challenge?"
"I gotta admit you're fun to watch. Just promise me that when this bar closes that I'm the ONLY man you leave with. And wake up beside in the morning."
Her eyes narrow, "Deal. I need to make some new friends first though."
He sits idly by while she squeezes through the dance floor and the crowd surrounding the bar. Awaiting their pitchers of beer were two of the four men she shared a cell with at the city jail weeks ago. Two of the men who played along with the local cops and her own Husband. Two men that fake raped her on the cold floor of the concrete cell. Two men that for some strange reason she was happy to see.
"Hey! Buy me two bottles of Bud light while you're up there." She called out from behind the first of them. Hearing her both men twisted around and instantly recognized her.
"Hey yourself Jailbird. How you been?" smirked the one closest too her.
"Not bad. Let me think. Your names Mitch and yours is Jamie right? My names Cunt if you don't remember."
They recalled calling her that as she sat and laid handcuffed at their mercy.
Mitch nods, "No hard feelings I hope."
She rubs up against him as he looks down through her cleavage. So close that her hand grips his dick through his jeans, "Plenty of hard feelings right this minute. Missed me did you?"
He chuckles nodding for Jamie to look down at her hand. As his gaze lowered Candi reached her other hand up to pinch Jamie's crotch.
"Hard not to miss me, isn't it?" She sticks her tongue out at both of them.
"Who you here with?" Jamie asks after he had paid for his pitcher and was turning to Candi.
"My friend Dave. He's over there waiting for my beer run." She looks in his direction.
Mitch scoots up to the bar and orders two bottles of Bud Light for Candi. Two minutes later he twists and plants one of the bottles between her breasts. "Here's your beer."
She folds her arms to keep the bottle from slipping through her dress and shattering on the floor. The chill on her flesh made her whine. Still she made no effort to remove it. It was there for pure show. Men all around her noticed it. She needed that inspiration.
Behind them the bartender and owner of the establishment called out, "Nice Huggy."
Candi smiled brightly, "Thanks!"
The bartender Tina Quinones was a rather tall shapely redhead with long flowing curls. She herself was busty as all get out. At her age of 40 though there was the need for a boob job to maintain her glory.
Tina playfully tossed one of her wrist's ring bracelets trying to play ring toss over the neck of the beer bottle tucked between Candi's tits. She missed but Mitch bent down to retrieve it and place it over the bottle neck. Tina just shrugged, "I tried."
Candi gave the bracelet back and they shook hands as Candi finally pulled the bottle from her cleavage. "I'm Candi."
"Tina. Owner of the bar. You're beautiful."
"Not so bad yourself. I love your red hair. Hey, can I get raunchy at your bar? I've been challenged."
Tina wrinkles her nose, "As long as the cops don't come crashing this party."
"Trust me they won't. I just need to find a way to break the ice with all of these ladies stabbing their eyes at me."
She nods looking around at the women of the bar, "Good luck with that."
Then inspiration hits. Tina calls over her fellow bartender a thirty something man with a bushy moustache. She tells the man to cover her behind the bar. Before she leaves her spot she yells at Mitch to step in for her to tell him something.
Mitch nods and leans in to Candi, "Tina says to meet her on the dance floor after this song."
Candi creases her brow in shock. She watches Tina move through the crowd and reach the band. She uses a marker to write something on a napkin for the lead singer to read as she holds it up. The singer acknowledges her with an affirmative nod and finishes his tune.
As the song ends the lead singer leans into the microphone and counters with, "Ladies? Step on out here on the dance floor. This song is for you and you alone. Let the fellas clap along."
The singer informs his band members the request of Tina Quinones. Tina steps into the center of the dance floor and starts pointing toward the ladies. Waving them in one by one until nearly every gal in the place was congregated to the floor.
The band began to play as the singer let out a shrill yell then slipped into the Gretchen Wilson song "Here for the Party". The women all whooped and danced around as Tina outstretched her arms to call in Candi. Candi smiled and handed Mitch her beer before taking Tina's hands.
Tina led her into a spin with whirled her skirt freely exposing her ass cheeks to the crowd. Tina noticed quickly that her dance partner wore no underwear. She shook her head grinning and pointing one finger at Candi, "You're Mischief!"
Candi merely stuck her tongue out at her letting the Owner continue flaunting Candi. Joining the mix at Tina's request were a few of the evil eyes. At first they were leary until Tina whispered into their ears, "Chill out Filly's. Having us a Party."
Tina brought Candi into a huddle telling her "Take advantage while the cauldron's hot."
Candi did she rustled up to some of the girls and gripped her skirt fanning it from side to side. Each time she did allowed the men on the sidelines to view her bare hips all the way up to her waist. To some they got a bird's eye view of her snatch.
The women on the floor noticed and allowed it but some still felt threatened.
Tina spotted the naysayers and moved in behind Candi to wrap her arms around her waist and reach around to palm her breasts. This made Candi howl with laughter. Twisting around Candi returned the favor and gripped Tina's tits. Tina busted up chuckling.
Then with a mental connection both women turned around and grabbed the tits of the girls next to them. Then it became a frenzy. Every girl out there was gripping another girls breasts. It was amazing. Then Candi took the initiative and darted around the outskirts of the dance floor and took various men's hands to quickly palm and squeeze her breasts. Before her rotation was done seven men had clutched her breasts.
Tina died laughing as she pulled Candi back into the fold.
"Careful Girlfriend. Too many hands lead to fists."
Candi shrugged, "I have back up."
Tina winks, "Why yes you do."
Candi broke away and located the other women in dresses and taunted them to bend over and flash the crowd. Only three women were bold enough to share their buns with the men on the sides. Candi had no qualms. She moved to the sides and lifted her skirt up to the middle of her back. Men howled at her spotting the juiciest snatch in town.
The remaining women wearing jeans at least bent over briefly laughing.
As the song progressed Candi took the hands of two skirt wearers and led them to the edge of the floor and coaxed them into bending over again so that she could slap their ass cheeks for the men. This sparked a frenzy of all the women making their rounds just to feel the hands of various men spanking them. Suddenly, the men they came in with were getting a dose of reality. Or, maybe that would work both ways.
Candi lifted her skirt to as many men as possible letting them slap her bare bottom while the fury was still in the air. Most women never realized Candi's mischief.
As the song was winding down Candi reunited with Tina for a few more whirls and then a tight hug shared between them.
The whole bar clapped and rejoiced.
As the band called for a break Mitch and Jamie joined Tina and Candi on the floor. Candi was catching her breath as she reclaimed her beers and darted away to Dave's side. She sits the bottles on the table and swiftly snatches Dave's hand up. She felt the need to include him.
"Guy's this is Dave. Dave this is Tina. Tina? I'm your new best friend."
Tina grinned brightly, "I hope I helped you break the ice. If not I'll help you with your broken nose later."
Dave merely stood behind Candi with an expression of uselessness. Then just as fast Candi stepped back into him and pulled his arms around her. He smiled vividly after that move.
"Dave here wants to see me really get raunchy. Right Dave?" She looks up at him through her profile advantage.
Dave winks back at her, "This girl's dirty! Dirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrty! She needs to let it all out."
Tina squints at him, "Just how dirty are you insinuating?"
Candi immediately looks to Mitch and Jamie for input.
Jamie raises his pitcher and says, "Trust me she's too dirty for words."
Chuckling beside him Mitch adds, "She likes bars. All kinds."
Candi snorted knowing he meant jail bars.
Tina again squints, "Okay, Dirty girl. What are you wanting to do here?"
Before she could answer two of the girls that had lifted their skirts ran over to their sides and grabbed her arm. One of them, a short haired brunette with glasses sparks up, "Oh my God that was sooo Hot! My boyfriend's all over me now."
The other girl, a shorter blond winks, "My man won't keep his hands out from under my skirt. Thank you!"
Candi creases her brow while smirking, "Glad I could help. The night's young stick around."
"We will." they both blushed joyously while running off giggling.
Tina shakes her head, "Okay then. What's the plan, Ann?"
"Can I dance naked on your bar?" Candi smiles mischievously.
In response Tina looks surprised, "Is that all?"
"Can I do worse?"
Tina grins shaking her head, "You're just damned lucky I think you're a sweetheart."
Candi pulls away from Dave just long enough to stand on her tip toe to kiss Tina directly on the lips. Standing down afterwards she looks up and bats her blue eyes.
"I'm going to need the use of that pickle jar up there behind the bar."
Tina tries not to laugh, "Want the pickles in it while you're at it?"
"I'm Kosher."
Everyone busted out in laughter.
For the next twenty minutes of the band's break all but Tina sat around Dave's table talking. Stories told. Eyes raised.
Once the band returned for another set they started playing some Garth Brooks and Pina Coladas. After that song faded the singer pointed toward the bar. Out of the distance Tina called out, "You guessed it Fella's. This here is Ladies' Night. I've gotta special treat for you Ladies. But, you gotta play nice. Keep your fists on your wrists, and your Man's Weinie under your bikini. Come on up here my new best friend."
Candi crawled out of Dave's arms around her and twists to blow a kiss at him. Then, she darted through the crowd and joined Tina behind the bar. A quick whisper in Tina's ear opted her to nod with a laugh.
Tina then pointed back at the band, "Hit it "Filmore"."
As the band leaped into a serenade of "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" complete with a fiddle, Tina and her bartender Toby hoisted Candi up on to the bar top. Thank God for high ceilings Candi noted as she watched her head. At first Candi leered at the crowd and wagged her tongue at various men and women. This included the two girls that complimented her daring earlier.
As the song burst into the fiddle she whipped her skirt around viciously. Seeing her bare bottom and snatch started a flurry of howls from men and women alike. As her dance progressed Candi would lift her dress higher until her waist came into view. Then her belly button.
Cheering filled the room as Dave began whistling as loud as he could muster. Joined by Mitch. Jamie took note of the action and drew out his cell phone to record her dance. He had a feeling Candi would appreciate his effort.
She would taunt the crowd by lowering her dress then easing it back up then shaking her head negatively. She knew the coaxing would start a rant. Sure enough a few single men yelled out, "TAKE IT ALL OFF!"
Hearing that she feigned a blush with her hand covering her mouth. Before long half the bar added their influence. With another fiddle symphony she lifted her dress up to reveal the bottoms of her breasts. Then she would turn and face Tina behind the bar and show her, her beautiful 34D's in private.
Tina applauded and wagged her tongue up at her. Then she used her hand to motion Candi to turn around. That she did. In step with the song she danced the length of the bar with her dress hiked over her tits. Bouncing wildly the crowd grew rowdy. Finally, she took the final step and peeled her sundress completely off hurling it back toward Tina.
The bar reached a fever that prompted the two girls that complimented her to join her on the bar as assisted by their boyfriends. Candi greeted them with a hug then swiveled the short haired brunette around and lifted her skirt. She showed off her bare ass barely hidden by her thong. With a slap to her ass the girl yelped in laughter. Seconds later Candi snapped the girls thong and yanked it down over her lower cheeks. The girl gasped and took the hint. She reached under her front and carefully peeled the thong from over her feet. She then whipped the thong like a slingshot at her boyfriend.
Once that hit the scene both Candi and the brunette grabbed the short blond and forced her to remove her own underwear. A pair less revealing until abandoned. This girl's man chose to hide her panties in his pocket out of embarrassment that she would wear such an ugly pair.
The three girls danced atop the bar trying not to fall in their hysterical demeanor. Clapping ensued as the song hit it's stride aiming for a finale. Candi finally coaxed the other two girls to lift their dresses entirely over their bra's just before the final beat.
Song ending the lead singer called out over the mic, "The Devil's Daughter just moved to Missouri."
Candi could barely contain her laughter, finally breaking into a round of giggles so strong she nearly peed. The girls all hugged her as they started to exit the stage. Candi swiftly stopped them and drew them into a huddle of communication. Finally, Candi yelled over the crowd for the band to play, " Flirtin' with Disaster" by Molly Hatchet. She was lucky they knew the song. Thanks to the fact the band was in their 50's.
As the singer wailed affectionately the gruffness of the late Danny Joe Brown at his finest, Candi pointed down at Tina. She curled her finger as if taunting the early 40's redhead. At first Tina shook her head negatively, then the other two girls on the bar escalated the crowd into a chant for Tina to hop up on the bar with them.
In her youth Tina would have leaped up their on her own. Maybe not as boldly as Candi was promoting. Still the woman had her party days. Having been the ex-ole lady to a biker. Reluctance was winning until her fellow bartender Toby snuck in behind her and grabbed her by the waist in hopes to lift her up. He was hardly strong enough but found it humorous to aggravate his boss. Then came the bald bouncer from the front door who chuckled and helped Toby into hoisting the stunning redhead just enough to convince her to make the move.
The crowd cheered at her decision as Candi assisted her arrival along with the brunette's help. Once on top of the bar she found her footing and pointed an index finger back at Candi with a scolding look. Candi merely stuck her tongue out at her, which in turn became a razing match. Two tongues battling until Candi took the initiative and stepped in to make contact with Tina's tongue. This caught the fiery redhead off guard. Without even thinking about it they tangled tongues for a long hard minute to the crowds delight.
As Tina was subjugated, Candi snuck her fingers up under the woman's tight grey t-shirt. It was evident long ago that the redhead's boob job was meant to be shown off. Definitely not bra. She suddenly realized what the girl was doing and tried to slow her down. Then, behind came the two other girls assisting Candi in removing Tina's t-shirt. It became a war that Tina finally lost. Giving up she allowed them to remove her shirt until she got bold and turned to the crowd to shake her tits in all their glory. Pierced nipples and bright pink areolas.
Candi and the short blond reached in front of her and played with a breast each. Candi winked at the crowd then forced her way in to suck on Tina's right nipple. The blond quickly moved out of the way afraid that Candi might have gone too far. Tina merely stood shocked with her jaw lowered but smiling. Letting Candi enjoy herself. After a second Tina leered at the blond and yelled, "What are ya waiting for?"
The blond burst into embarrassment then slid in to suck on her other nipple. The brunette merely waved her hands out at the onlookers to cheer louder. Tina reared her head back looking at the ceiling and laughed her ass off.
Candi glancing up from her nuzzling saw Tina looking away and waved the crowd to watch closely. She then attempted to unbutton the redhead's jeans. Tina immediately stopped laughing and tried to stop Candi. With the blonds help Candi managed to unbutton and unzip the woman's jeans fanning the flaps open. Behind the veil of denim was bare lily white flesh. No panties in sight. This made Tina feel uncomfortable and she reached out grabbing Candi by the throat to lean in and butt foreheads. An intimidating glare was shared as their brows touched. Candi gave her a pouty look then licked the woman's nose. This made everything okay. The ice was broken and Tina turned her back to the crowd quickly. Without warning and of her own volition Tina grabbed the waistband of her jeans and lowered them just enough to moon her patrons. Wiggling back and forth Candi reached in spanking the elder. Laughter continued all around. Tina left her pants down just long enough for the band to finish.
Once the song ended Filmore Delaney the lead singer chuckled and yelled over the mic, "Who let those Owl's in the bar." Joining in his comments the lead guitarist leaned over the mic and added, "It's a barn dance the barn doors just went wide."
Tina in turn twisted around in her profile to wag a finger at the band giving the onlookers a healthy view of her right hip and profile of her 38D's. As she turned around she made the mistake of releasing her pants. Candi gave an expression of mischief and leaped at the chance of yanking her jeans clear down to her knees. Tina's jaw hit the bar. She hadn't expected her pants to go down any further. Her intent was to stop the show at her moon. Without thinking she bent over to pull them up. In doing so her pussy lips fanned right into perfect view of the crowd. The second she touched her pants Candi reached around behind her and tickled her pussy. This made Tina leap upright too fast out of panic. In her shock her balance got thrown off and she fell backwards over the crowd. Luckily a healthy dose of Cowboys and Farm boy's managed to catch her fall. Embarrassed beyond reason at their manhandling Tina glared back at Candi with a vengeful look.
Jokingly the band attempted to play the Journey song, "Lovin' Touchin' Squeezin' ", which merely made matters worse as the crowd started laughing. Finally, the men helped Tina back up to the bar. All three girls attended her to stand. As soon as she had her footing which wasn't easy in cowboy boots, she swiveled around and pushed Candi off balance until she fell into the same men as she had. Laughing at Candi who was hysterically lost in her amusement, Tina looked at the other girls on stage. They swiftly chose to abandon the bar out of fear.
"Where you goin' girls? If you can't beat em', join em."
Watching Candi being pawed up Tina shook her head then cautiously reached under her jeans to tug at her boots until both came flying off. Then, came her blue jeans. Tina was officially totally naked in her own bar. Then, she yelled out, "INCOMING!"
She waited until just enough men realized her need and accumulated just in time for her to dive back out into the cluster of gents. They carried her out to Candi where they hooked up and playfully swatted their hands at one another as if fighting. Their laughter was enough to make the bar go into hysterics.
The band even added fuel, "That there's my kinda fishing hole. The catfish are jumpin'."
Finally, the crowd brought both women to the bar and sat them down side by side. The women hugged tightly and mused at their insanity. Just as the crowd calmed slightly Tina blurted out, "Show ain't over! Stop your skidaddlin'."
Without warning Tina grabbed Candi by her hair and pulled her backwards into a laying position and pulled her knee toward her. Behind them the bartender Toby brought forward the earlier requested giant pickle jar freshly cleaned. On it was a piece of paper that said, "DOLLAR A LICK!" She placed the jar on Candi's belly and made her hold it firmly.
The crowd began laughing but nobody stepped up, "What no takers?" She tries coaxing single men but everybody was gun shy suddenly. Then, Tina shook her head and reached over her left side to grab her own tip jar and dumps it into the bigger jar. Looking out over the crowd she belts, "Look's like I need to get the balls a rollin' "
As the crowd gave her room she Tina hopped down and chuckled as Candi looked up at her in admiration. Waving everyone back for amusement Tina licked her fingers and flicked her right nostril like a baseball player before calling out, "I'm a goin' in."
Candi hadn't expected the bartender's sudden gusto but inside applauded her new friend. Then, she felt Tina's tongue wagging at her clitoris. Lapping at both sides of her labia. She most definitely knew exactly what she was doing. The crowd whispered around them as Candi howled. The band even took another break to take in the show.
Mitch and Jamie patted Dave on the shoulder as Mitch chuckles, "Second date gets better."
Dave merely shook his head and lowered the bill of his cap. Swigging his beer he nodded with a grin. He loved it.
As Tina licked a total of fifty times she rears her head back and calls out, "SHOTS OF TEQUILA! ON THE HOUSE!" As the crowd cheers her generosity she shrugs at Candi before diving back in for a second helping. Candi moaned louder and louder.
As Tina ate, Mitch had made his way in and motioned around at the crowd with a finger to his lips to remain quiet. He snuck in and bent down behind Tina and leaned in to catch her off guard with his own tongue on Tina's bulging labia. The sensation made her jump and turn to look behind her. Mitch looked up grinning from ear to ear. She shook her head and joked, "Just don't be proposin"."
He chuckled and stood back up. Without warning Mitch grabbed Tina by the waist and turned her around. So fast that she barely felt her feet leave the floor and find her ass sitting on the bar next to Candi. Candi felt disappointed that Tina hadn't finished but still found it amusing. Mitch swiftly grabbed Tina's ankles and reared her legs to force her back until she laid next to Candi. Candi laughed and placed the tip jar on Tina's belly. Tina turned ten shades of red as Mitch buried his face into her snatch. His nose tickled by the thin burning bush hovering over her sweetness. Tina couldn't object and fell prey between laughing and screaming in ecstasy.
Jamie had also ventured away from Dave's side and took advantage of Candi's loneliness. Within seconds both women were howling at the top of their lungs.
Behind the bar Toby had began offering out the shots in full force. The patrons gathered around and took advantage. Then, out of the blue the lead singer of the band Filmore called out, "A Toast to the Host!"
The entire bar raised their shots and saluted the sirens on their backs.
Both women were shaking violently and ready to cum. Out of respect Candi reached out and grabbed Tina's hand and clenched it tightly. Tina huffing glared back at the young woman and winked. In unison both women exploded at the same time.
Mitch and Jamie raised their faces proudly and wiped their chins. Mitch throws his fist in the air and howls out, "I LOVE THIS WATERING HOLE!"
Laughter roared aplenty as the girls lay there with chests heaving to catch their breath.
Suddenly, Dave showed up standing between both women as their feet were raised to rest on the edge of the bar. He looks down at both of them as Candi utters, "Hi Davey!"
He raises two shot glasses of tequila and toasts them both but doesn't drink them. Instead he lifts both hands toward the women's pussy's and carefully inserts the bottom of the glasses into each of them. Their eyes flared. As did the silence in the bar unsure what he had planned. The girl's merely peered at him with curiosity.
Once inserted to his satisfaction he leans in with his face over Candi and opens his jaws wide to surround the rim of the glass. He with the aid of his tongue nudged the glass in and out of her hole tantalizing her clit. Candi arched her back at the tenderness of it's caress. Then, with a bold move he rears back and swallows the shot. Candi smiled at his behavior.
Winking at Candi he turns his attention toward Tina. Repeating his move with Tina made her grin and whisper, "Give it a shot Stranger." He finished his move downing the second glass. He then winks back at Tina saying, "I think I will."
Dave dove in and buried his face between Tina's thighs with such intensity that her back arched high and she nearly lost the tip jar. Candi reached over and caught it and took the moment to roll on her side and pamper Tina in her moment. Her fingers caress Tina's belly and move back and forth over her tits. Delicately she tweaks the woman's mounding nipples before moving back south. She fondled the fiery bush above Dave's brow which made Tina moan even louder. For the next five minutes Dave nurtured the bartender until she screamed once again and detonates a massive orgasm.
Dave continues feeding making her yank his backwards cap off his head and use it to fan herself. A minute later she uses that same hat as an assault weapon goading him to stop before she lost bladder control.
He finally reared back and stood in triumph. His technique had made Tina have the most intense orgasm of her life. As Tina carefully sat up she reaches out and grabs Dave by the shirt and yanks him into her for a hug. "Damn Boy! I'd hate to see what you might do after three shots." She then places her fingers to her lips whistling at an amped up level.
"Filmore! What am I paying you Swillbilly's for? Get to playin'."
The crowd laughed as the band darted back to the stage and belted out some Hank Williams Jr..
The patrons were taking that time to jump on the dance floor and return to their own social environment. This left Tina and Candi to snuggle to each others arms. Candi placed her chin on Tina's shoulder and batted her eyes.
"Thank you."
Tina frowns then bites at Candi's nose forcing it to wrinkle, "Reckon I should thank you. I gotta admit you sure know how to party. Brings back memories. But, hey let's not do this on a regular basis. Word's gonna travel. Y'know? I don't wanna lose my license."
Candi pouts, "I'm just happy to be your friend."
"Awwwwwwwww! Lay back and let me lick ya some more." Tina chuckles as she reaches back for her grey t-shirt laying over an unused tapper. She pulls it over her chest and then hops down off the bar to face Dave. She turns around and winks at Candi just before bending over and pressing her ass directly into Dave's crotch. She at the same time picks up her jeans and boots from the floor. Once in possession she looks over her shoulder at Dave , "Now you, you can be a regular basis."
Candi puckers her lower lip toward Dave as Tina walks away.
"I think she likes you." She teases playfully.
He merely shakes his head and retrieves his hat from the bar. Cozying up beside her he leans his back to the bar and places his right arm over her left knees, "Let's get drunk and screw."
She blushes playfully batting her eyes at him, "Your place or mine?"
Inspiration made him grin, "I'm thinking your place."
She shakes her head, "Nope! I challenge you now. Your bedroom at your sister's. I wanna see my poster on your closet wall."
Behind them Toby brought Candi her dress and handed her a tequila shot. She kept the dress off but toasted Dave. Downing the shot she chokes and gags and leers at him with tearing eyes, "I promise to make those noises when I suck that cock."
He chuckles and encourages Toby to bring them more shots. Before the night was out Candi would barely be able to walk. He knew he could assist in that same handicap by morning.
For now, Dave would just wait for Last Call.
Joined by Tina, Mitch, and Jamie the rest of the morning was dancing and liquoring it up.
Dave would get more than he bargained for.