Trevors car pulled around the corner from my house. We parked up away from any obvious street lights and turned to each other, like any other couple parking up in a lovers lane. Trevor placed his right hand behind my head, gently pulling my face toward his, as we began a very slow passionate kiss. My pussy began tingling immediately as his soft delicate lips brushed lightly against my own.
His left hand cupped my right breast, carefully squeezing and kneading the firm full flesh of my breast. His hand eased the front of my dress downward, exposing my leopard print bra, as he scooped my breast out of the bra. My nipple pinged to erection immediately, as his thumb and forefinger applied the perfect balance of pain and pleasure. I placed my high heeled feet on the dashboard and slid forward in my seat, opening my legs wide in the process. My bare shaved pussy was fully accessible to Trevor's inquisitive fingers as his right hand slithered from behind my neck and tantalisingly snaked toward my pussy. When his fingertips made contact with my shaved mound, I shuddered uncontrollably, feeling the sensual electric spark of his sensitive touch. I raised my buttocks up off the passenger seat, easing myself forward to meet his touch as his index finger slid effortlessly into my wet tight pussy.
My pussy walls clamped around his masculine finger as he slid the digit in and out of my unfaithful cunt. I was moaning throatily, enraptured at the erotic pleasure of his moving digit. He pushed his finger inside my pussy and hooked the tip of his finger to the front wall of my vagina. Applying pressure to my Gspot, he began to push frantically on the soft spongy flesh. His finger moved rapidly, making my pussy squelch as the momentum increased. A wave of pleasure like I'd never experienced before, swept through my entire body as a powerful multiple orgasm took over. My pussy was gushing female ejaculate, as I rode his finger with my eyes wide open, panting furiously as the sensational pleasure continued. I did not think I would be able to cope with anymore lustful pleasure as thankfully my orgasm waned. The car was filled with the scented aroma of my orgasmic pussy as he gently swirled his finger inside my oscillating pussy.
As my sex crazed body began to return to normality, I scooped my breast back inside my bra and dress. Trevor removed his finger from my pussy and I sat upright in the passenger. He leaned forward and kissed me delicately.
"I'll see you tomorrow" I smiled and climbed out of the car. I straightened my dress and waved at Trevor as his car pulled away. My legs were like jelly from the explosive orgasm I had just endured as I tottered toward my house. My pussy was still tingling as I walked tentatively up my driveway.
I placed my key in the front door and entered my marital home. Robert was standing in the kitchen doorway as I moved toward him. He placed his arms around my waist and kissed me as a husband would kiss his wife. As we broke from the kiss I saw his nostrils flare as he recognise an aroma. The scent of sex was prominent as he pulled me close to him.
"You smell like you've just been fucked!" Robert said giggling but with a nervous undercurrent in his tone.
"And what if I have!" I smiled awkwardly, looking into the worried eyes of my husband.
Robert and I have fantasised post coital on many occasions of me taking a lover. Sometimes with Robert present or sometimes with me out dancing and clubbing, acting the slut and inevitably getting fucked. Up until tonight, this had always been a fantasy and I wasn't one hundred percent sure that Robert would be ok with what I had just done.
Robert looked slightly nervous but his face was flushed with arousal.
"Well, you looked like your dressed for a fuck and your hair and make-up look a bit dishevelled!" he said swallowing hard as he finished his sentence.
"Would you be angry if I had been fucked by someone else!" I smiled, teasing and tormenting my husband, actually enjoying his discomfort.
"We've spoke about it, but I wasn't sure you would ever go through with it!" Robert said, a nervous quiver in his voice.
I placed my hand on his unmistakeable erection and smiled.
"Well tonight I was well and truly fucked, swallowing every drop of his spunk!" I whispered then kissed my husband with my cock scented lips.
Robert pulled me closer to him, pushing his rock hard erection into my shaved mound. His hands eased my dress over my stocking tops, revealing my musk scented pussy to the room. His nostrils flared once more, as he moaned approvingly into my mouth.
He unzipped his cock awkwardly, scooping his hard length from his trousers. I placed my taloned fingers over his blue steel shaft and stroked the veined flesh slowly.
"Do you want to fuck me while I tell you about the cock that has just fucked me?" I enquired, feeling his cock throb and pulse with unabashed lust.
He groaned almost in pain, his lust was aching so much. He moved the head of his cock at my already opened slit and pushed his hard meat slowly into my hungry slut pussy.
He moaned softly as his cock buried itself deep inside my unfaithful cunt.
"It feels awesome to have your cock inside me so soon after Trevor's!" I smiled arrogantly.
Robert squeezed my breast quite forcefully, twisting my erect nipples in the process. I rotated my hips approvingly, encouraging his cock to fuck me.
Robert placed both hands on my naked buttocks, lifting me clean off the floor as my legs wrapped around his waist. He carried me into the bedroom, every step he took was like a deep thrust of his cock in my inflamed pussy. He eased me on the bed, still inside me, when I turned him on his back and began to ride his cock slowly. Robert eased my sheath like dress over my body, sliding the last section over my head, leaving me riding his cock, wearing my leopard print bra, high waisted garter belt sand black stockings. Robert scooped my breast out of the bra and gently rubbed his fingertips over my erect nipples.
"That's just what Trevor did!" I whispered, teasing and tormenting Robert.
"His cock was beautiful!" I sneered "He made me come so much. I even squirted his fucking was so good!"
Roberts face flushed, possibly with anger, possibly with jealousy but definitely with arousal. He pushed his hips upward, slamming his cock deep inside and snarled through gritted teeth.
"You dirty cheating slut!"
"That's right honey. I'm a cock slut for another man!" I panted as Robert began to drive me so hard, my orgasm was only moments away.
My hips were rotating sensually as my tight pussy clamped onto my husbands cock, feeling every vein and ridge of his hard meat sliding in and out of my unfaithful cunt.
"Did he come inside you!" Robert growled, fucking me furiously.
"No I swallowed all of his spunk!" I panted as my orgasm burst through me "Twice!"
Roberts eyes rolled with lust as he whispered softly.
"I'm coming!" He panted, as I leapt off his cock, placing the tip of his weapons at my bottom lip.
Just as Trevor had done earlier, Robert began to discharge his load, quite viciously, with strong forceful spurts, splashing the roof of my mouth. I shrouded the head of his exploding cock with my slut mouth, and gently sucked every drop of spunk out of my husband.
Robert pulled my hair gently as he emptied all of his virility into my cheating slut mouth.
I held the base of his still hard cock and licked the provider of my many orgasms, making eye contact with my sexually drained husband.
"I'm going to enjoy my wife being an unfaithful slut!" Robert said, smiling contentedly, stroking my dishevelled hair.
"Not as much as I'm going to enjoy being an unfaithful slut!"