Here is another story from my diary of naughty deeds.
*
It had been just over a year since we had left Malaysia and moved to the UK. Now we were back but only for a holiday. We spent a week visiting family and a few friends that were still enduring the hot sticky days. We had planned to travel around Asia a little spending a week visiting home, Hong Kong and Phuket. We arrived in Hong Kong and took a taxi to our hotel, which was simply amazing.
Alan had been in touch with an old friend who we knew from Malaysia. He was now living and working in Hong Kong. He was always the life of the party and after unpacking Alan called and arranged to meet up the next afternoon. After a meal in the restaurant we ordered a bottle of wine and spent the evening watching the city lights below us.
The next day we lounged around the pool and gym before heading off to meet Dave in a Kowloon bar. It was a wonderful reunion with us all hugging each other. Alan and Dave had been close friends but I always thought Alan found some of Dave's antics a little much. Dave had been kicked off the Malaysian contract a few months before it ended so he had missed our farewell party. He had heard about it though, because he immediately began teasing me, asking about what I had done that night.
The guys were both jabbering away as they caught up with news of old fiends and we had a toast to Tom who had not long since died. Eventually Dave returned the conversation to the farewell party and again asked what I had really done. I know I blushed but didn't admit anything. Dave shook his head saying how I must have changed and reminded me of the times when I was too shy to wear a bikini in public.
We had a light meal and the guys were pouring back the drinks. It was turning out to be quite a heavy session for an afternoon. They were both teasing me and I decided that I would join in their game. I began stroking Dave's leg stopping short of his crotch. Alan found the expression on Dave's face highly amusing. The guys were whispering and Alan gave me a huge grin as they both shuffled their chairs closer to mine.
Dave slid a hand onto my leg and ran it along my inner thigh, making me tremble. Alan suddenly suggested we go back to our hotel room and spend the day fucking. I gave him a glare and said, "No thanks!"
"Don't you feel horny?" asked Dave in a low voice.
"No, not really," I replied.
"Drink up I have an idea," said Alan, leaning across the table toward me.
Alan knocked back his drink in one gulp and we left the air conditioning and stepped into the hot, humid daylight. Alan took one arm and Dave the other as we hailed a taxi. I was sitting in the centre as we took the short ride. Alan had whispered to Dave where we were going as we left the bar and it was Dave's amused expression that worried me.
The taxi dropped us on a busy street and I held arms with both guys as they led me through the crowded streets. Eventually Alan led us into a cinema and I began laughing, it was a porn cinema and the guys quickly paid and ushered me inside. I couldn't stop giggling as we entered the darkness and a few heads turned to look.
Alan led us to some seats in the centre section but away from anybody and I was seated between them. There was someone at the other end of our row but some distance away. Alan and Dave sank back in their seats as if engrossed in the movie. It was some Asian girl getting fucked by some big western guy, nothing special. The movie was actually a series of short stories lasting about ten to fifteen minutes each.
Alan whispered to me, "Give us a wank."
"What both of you?" I replied angrily breaking the silence.
"Yes!" Alan smiled at me, "If you dare?"
Dave was listening to us now and interrupted me, "Well if you're not that brave or is it you don't like me?"
I giggled, "Shut up!"
I quickly slipped a hand down and undid Alan's trousers, freeing his cock, then turned to Dave who was grinning anxiously. I watched his face as I undid his clothing and released his cock, giving it a little stroke as I did. I slipped a hand across them both and grasped both cocks firmly and began to wank slowly, bring them to life. Dave let out a little gasp as I started and fidgeted as his cock grew in my hand. I began watching the movie as I wanked them both slowly, speeding up as the movie's action intensified.
I noticed Alan indicating to Dave and they both slipped a hand onto my jeans. Between them, they undid my button and slid down my zipper. They were both trying to push them down and for a moment I did nothing. Then slowly I raised my ass off the seat, enough for them to slide my jeans down to my knees. As I sat Alan grasped for my panties and pulled them down also. I released them for a moment as I removed my jeans and panties completely.
They each took a leg and pulled it across their own, spreading my legs wide, making me snort loudly as I tried to stifle my laughter. Alan was first but Dave soon joined in as they both ran their fingers around my pussy. I sank a little deeper into my seat as the fingers slipped inside my wet clit; both gently fingering my hole. I was pulling back hard on their cocks as they pushed deeper inside me.
Another story started and I watched intently. A young woman was being chased by a gang and they eventually cornered her, raping her. It was all Asian and for a moment I thought it looked real. The guys were finger fucking me hard now and I was moaning with pleasure. My breathing was short and quick, like a series of gasps. Alan undid my top and began playing with my tits and I let out a loud moan. It was loud enough to get the attention of several people but I couldn't stop. I was about to orgasm and beyond caring.
I caught sight of Alan out of the corner of my eye. He was beckoning someone over to us. "No . . . No," I panted but they were already moving toward us.
I was moaning loudly now and I squealed openly as I saw other people approaching us. The screen was illuminating us and there were soon at least five guys stood watching. I was naked, my blouse wide open exposing my tits and my legs spread wide with both guys fingering me. I was panting as I glanced around their faces noticing a few were playing with themselves.
I let out a scream as I came again but the guys wouldn't stop. They were pulling my clit wide open, my fluids oozing from my hole. "No . . . Please, enough" I begged.
They had my legs wide and Dave was thrusting his fingers inside me. Alan had yielded and Dave had taken over. I now had my legs spread wide over the seats in front and was almost lying in my seat. Dave brought me to the brink of yet another orgasm but as I began to pant and squeal he stopped.
"Finish it yourself, you show us," he whispered softly.
I plunged a hand to my pussy and thrust frantically. I was squealing loudly and shuddering as I came. "Oh fuck . . . oh my god," I gasped.
I sank back against the seat exhausted and then slowly raised my head to look at my audience, who were smiling down on me.
Alan was dressing himself as I lay exhausted unable to move.
My audience began to drift off, muttering their appreciation in Chinese. I had seen several shoot their loads while watching me and the guys. Dave gave me a peck on the cheek and after a few minutes we made our way out of the cinema.
Dave had said he would take us around Kowloon's nightlife so we headed off to the markets where I did a little shopping, picking up an outfit and some shoes for the evening.
We returned to Dave's apartment in Kowloon to get ready for an evening out. I was still horny and trembling at being so naughty with Dave. He was very good looking and had a naughty schoolboy charm. He had been a friend for some time but I had never considered being naughty with him.
I'd had a shower and was lying on the bed in the spare room, smiling to myself as I imagined what it would be like to take him to bed. I ran my hand over my pussy stroking myself gently as I imagined him touching me. I wanted him now, not alone but with Alan, I wanted them both to take me, take control of me and devour me.
I sat up; I could hear their voices in the other room and wondered if I should go through. How would they react if I walked in naked? Would they take me? I was about to go, but hesitated at the door.
"No . . . " I muttered to myself; as I turned back to the bed and dropped on it, my mind racing.
"Definitely no". I said to myself, I was sure I would get laid if I went in but it was too barefaced and I wanted a thrill. I considered what to do. I would control things, working them up and teasing, hell I was a good tease. Then, when they were about to explode, I would concede control and they would take me. I was content now, a night of teasing would be my thrill and I would get my reward. I jumped up excited and began to dress. Half an hour later I was ready.
I stepped from the bedroom and presented myself to the guys. I had on a cream silk open back dress that came to just below my bum. It was very thin material and clung to my body. I had bought some cream high heels and a small lacy thong but decided to not wear a bra. I grabbed their attention although Alan said it looked more like a camisole than a dress.
We left the apartment and found an open air restaurant serving seafood. I giggled as I sat down because my dress was so short my bare bum was on the cold chair. The dress got a lot of attention as it revealed all my legs and rode up very easily. The atmosphere was very relaxed and we chatted about the events at the cinema. Dave was jabbering as he tried to describe how shocked he was, especially when I had continued in front of the audience. I laughed and wondered how he would react later to what I had in mind
I decided to begin teasing them and spice things up a little, "So just let me know when you want me to take my panties off," I said loudly.
I received a few smiles from another table and Dave almost choked on his food as Alan gave me a grin. During the meal, Dave went off to the toilet and Alan took the opportunity to ask, "How far do you intend taking things tonight?"
I gave him a naughty smile, "I intend to fuck." I popped another shrimp in my mouth.
Alan just smiled, "Go on."
"I am going to drive you both crazy and tease you," I whispered in a soft sexy tone.
"You've already driven me crazy. Can I get a night off?" Alan asked laughing.
Dave was smiling as he rejoined us and I gave Alan a wink.
"So Dave what did you hear about our farewell party?" I asked quietly.
Dave looked a little surprised and swallowed before replying, "Not a lot. I heard you were wild."
"Who told you?"
"Ah that would be telling."
"Was it Tom?"
Dave hesitated, and then nodded slowly, "He didn't say much, just that you had shocked him."
It was as if Dave was defending Tom for revealing a secret. I gave him a little smile and had another shrimp.
"Not a problem, I can't be angry at Tom. So he didn't tell you what happened?"
"No; just that it was the wildest night he ever had; that you shocked him, but no details. Why is there something I should or shouldn't know?"
I began to giggle, then looked him in the eye, "Yes, it was a very wild night."
Dave stopped eating, "Come on then, tell me!"
I laughed as I asked, "What do you want to know?"
Dave paused before replying; "Ok, how wild were you?"
"Very."
"What did you do?"
I had a naughty grin as I replied, "Everything . . . "
Dave looked shocked, "After today, I don't know but . . . everything, with whom?"
I mustered my sexiest voice as I replied, "Everybody!"
The look on Dave's face was pure shock as he sat, mouth open, "You mean you slept with everyone? Who was there?"
"Not exactly slept with, they all fucked me and there was, Alan; Tom; Chris; Glenn; Rob; Peter and Roy."
Dave obviously couldn't believe what he was hearing and looked at Alan.
"Don't look at me, her life, and her choices."
Dave looked bewildered, "So today at the cinema was nothing new then?"
"No I loved it. It was really exciting."
Dave began laughing and shaking his head. He sat quietly as I relayed the events of the party. I could tell he was getting excited as he hung on every word.
Having finished my story I sat back and took a large swallow of wine. Alan sat quietly watching Dave's face.
"I would never have believed it . . . never thought you were that wild babe."
"Oh I am very wild!" I quipped.
"So are we stopping here or going for a drink?"
Dave gestured for the bill and treated us. A few minutes later we were winding our way along narrow streets toward the bar area and I was feeling very playful and very naughty. We passed several bars that were heaving with people. Dave led us into a quieter bar. The music was more funk than house and it had plenty of dark corners for me to play.
I began dancing around our table, pushing my ass toward Alan initially but I was soon teasing Dave as well. Neither hesitated in groping my ass and I fed myself into their hands. I was on a mission. I knew what I wanted tonight and was making it very obvious. I was sitting in their laps, grinding my body against theirs. I slipped between them and sipped at my drink. Dave was grinning at me like a Cheshire cat and asked Alan if I was for real.
"Party girl tonight," Alan exclaimed.
I glanced around at Dave, giving him a huge grin, then slipped my hands beneath my dress and discreetly slid down my panties and handed them to him.
"Souvenir," I whispered as I returned to my drink.
I scrambled over Dave and began dancing again, aware that I had no panties on and was flirting with danger. Dave gestured me closer and I bent forward to hear him. "Do you want to do it again?" he asked.
"What?"
"The movies today, do it again now."
I looked around but I don't know why, there were at least a hundred people in the bar. "No . . . No chance," I replied and continued dancing.
I got a huge smile and some applause from the next table and realized that they must have had a great view of my naked ass while I was talking to Dave. I leaned forward and brazenly asked one guy, "Did you see much?"
He was nodding frantically as he replied yes. There were four Chinese businessmen, all very smart and clearly out for a good time. I could only smile and continued to dance regardless.
I was soon lap dancing Alan and Dave again. Dave was raising my dress to my waist, making sure the guys at the next table got a view, possibly trying to see how brave I was. I glanced back at him and began laughing; snatching the hem of my dress back from him and quickly pulling it up to my tits. I was sitting on the side of them so I knew they hadn't seen too much but I wasn't bothered either way.
I gave Dave another glance and asked, "So do you really want to know how brave I am?"
Dave nodded and I slid over onto the next table. They were as shocked as Dave and I began chatting to the businessmen. I explained I was with my husband and friend tonight and I was in a party mood. They got me a drink and were very friendly. There were a few lewd comments but they were nice guys and kept each other under control.
After about ten minutes I stood and left their table but left my drink with them as I was sure I would return at some point.
I was dancing between the two tables teasing the businessmen as much as Alan and Dave. Alan was looking as disinterested as usual; he always appears that way. I was flirting with my dress a little raising it to flash my bum to both tables. I took a drink and walked up to the next table, smiling down on the happy faces of the businessmen. As I took another long drink, I ran my other hand up my dress causing it to ride up, revealing my pussy to these strangers. I held it up for a few seconds before dropping it and turning away. I glanced back and the businessmen were in an uproar. I was strutting around and brazenly flashing. I straddled Dave as I crossed over to Alan.
"So who are you going to fuck?" asked Alan sharply.
I looked around and realized he was including the Chinese in his question, "Why, do you want me to?" I asked cheekily.
"Tell you later," he chuckled as he slapped my ass.
I was hyper and between Alan, Dave and the Chinese the drinks were non stop. I couldn't sit down and was continually teasing. I bent over our table a little; pushing out my ass then slowly slid my dress higher as I caressed my body, flaunting with the Chinese. I turned and walked to their table, sitting myself on one guy's lap. I pulled my legs up and stretched them across the guy sitting beside him. The first guy wrapped his arms around me as I nearly fell and my dress rode up to my waist. I was hiding nothing and sat sipping my drink as they stared down at my pussy.
"Do you like it?" I asked boldly.
They were nodding enthusiastically but after only a few minutes I wandered around to the other side of the table, seating myself between the other two men. The one on my right was very sweet, maybe in his fifties while the one on my left was a lot younger and quite drunk. I put an arm around the older guy and cuddled up to him. He had a clear view of my pussy but he didn't play.
I stumbled back to our table feeling quite tipsy and fell into Alan's lap. "So how many do I get?" I blurted.
"Taxi," Alan said smiling softly.
I wanted to finish my drinks and made a big deal of saying goodbye to the Chinese. Draping myself all over them but Alan and Dave guided me from the bar and into a taxi. The taxi door closed and we pulled away. That's about all I can remember as I seem to have passed out.