Uncle follow up
It had been over 2 ½ years since I had visited my Uncle in Alexandria. My flight left Heathrow at 11.15am and I was already at the airport at 8.30am.
Fortunately, I had a pass for the Lounge, so I could relax and have a slow leisurely breakfast before boarding.
I also had time to plan some exciting parts of my trip. Seeing my Uncle again after all this time and after what we had got up to the last time was going to be strange. He had made it clear in his messages that I was not to worry about what had happened and that we would just put it down to experience and move on. We both felt good that we were able to do that and continue a normal relationship. Well, almost.
Although I had agreed, there was no doubt that I was looking for adventure. I certainly wanted to enjoy some exhibitionism, and also some sex. I just had to take my opportunities as they arose, after all nobody knew me, I could behave as badly as I wanted to!
I slept on the plane and missed nearly half of the flight, when I woke, I realized I had missed lunch, but the kind airline staff brought me a sandwich and a coffee. I finished them and started to read a book. A classic, Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck. Get me in the mood for an American adventure.
I landed and went through the usual rigmarole of airport set ups, Dulles being unique for its strange people carrying vehicles moving travellers between terminals. I felt like I was on the set of Star Trek.
Through customs and into the arrivals hall to look for my Uncle.
After 20 minutes still no sign, unusual for him and a little worrying for me. Then I noticed a man who had been standing with a sign held up since I had been there. Something was drawing me to him, but I couldn't work out what it was. Then I realized that the sign he was holding up had something familiar written on it, my name!
I walked over to him and introduced myself as Beth.
He then explained and apologised on behalf of my Uncle that he was called away on an urgent trip to San Francisco and would be returning home on Thursday. Today was Monday.
The good news was that Phil (the gentleman with the sign) was going to take me into Alexandria, to my Uncles' house and look after me until he returned. He was under strict instructions to ensure I had everything I needed during the first couple of days of my stay, he would even be my taxi to ship me around sightseeing as I requested.
Another thing, he was not to take the word no for an answer!
So, on that proviso, I gladly agreed and accepted. Off we went to Alexandria.
When we arrived, Phil showed me to my room, a different room to where I stayed last time, perhaps not to unsettle me about the peeping episode. And on that note, I wondered if that hole was still there?
I unpacked my things and got set up in my new surroundings. As tempting as the pool was, I decided to take it easy and stay inside today, the pool could wait until tomorrow. Phil joined me for a coffee and asked me if I thought about what I'd like to do until Thursday.
"Well, if the taxi offer is still on, I'd love to go and have a drink and a bite to eat in Georgetown tonight, after a look around the stores of course." I said
"It will be my pleasure." Phil said. "Just let me know when you'd like to leave and then just give me a call 20 minutes before you want to come home and I'll pick you up. Have you been to Georgetown before?"
"I have when I was here a couple of years ago, and I loved it." I told Phil.
"Well, there's plenty to do and plenty to eat, let me know if you need any recommendations, although you can't beat Clyde's if you want a drink and some Crab Cakes."
It was agreed, I would have a quick shower and be ready to leave in 40 minutes. Phil booked me a table at Clyde's for 8pm.
Phil dropped me into Georgetown, and we swapped mobile numbers so that I could call him when I needed my ride home. I had a great time walking around the shops and stopped for a couple of drinks after my bite at Clyde's. Phil was right, the Crab Cakes were amazing.
I lost track of time a little talking to a couple at the Four Seasons hotel bar, this is where I agreed Phil would pick me up from, when I was ready to come home. So, it was gone 10.30 by the time I called Phil.
"Hi there." Phil answered, "I had dozed off there, thought you might have made some new plans for tonight."
"Sorry Phil, I got carried away talking away to people, they're so friendly here." I said.
"I'm sure they can be to a young attractive English girl!" he replied. "So, are you wanting a lift home young lady?" he asked.
"I can get a cab Phil if you're tired, I don't want to put you out if you'd rather go to bed." I replied.
"Nonsense, I won't hear of it, I'm leaving in 5." He said and closed the call.
I finished my drink and walked outside to meet Phil. He drove up a few minutes later and I got in the car and we drove home, back to Alexandria and my Uncle's house.
"Listen Beth, if you don't mind, I'll take the other spare room here tonight, it's gone 11 and I'm an hour from here and the police love to stop guys on the highway this late at night. Do you mind?"
"Of course, not Phil, I assumed you were staying here anyway." I said.
No, I had planned to get off home tonight and pop over after work tomorrow to see if you needed anything. That's great. I'll get off to bed now as I'll be up and away just after 7am tomorrow morning. I'll be back over around 3pm tomorrow so think about where you'd like to go, your carriage awaits!"
"Thank you, Phil, I'm sorry I left it so late tonight, I promise to be back early tomorrow, that's selfish of me when you have to be up so early. I may even have a night in." I said.
"No need to apologise, I promised to look after you and look after you I will. Goodnight, I'll see you later tomorrow, don't forget to make some plans, great museums, even a zoo if you're up for that. Sweet dreams." Phil said.
He went off to bed and I grabbed a bottle of water and went up straight after. I had forgotten about the time difference and I was now so tired that as soon as my head hit the pillow, I fell asleep. I slept well and deep and didn't wake up until just before 9am.
Phil had made coffee in the kitchen before he left, but his note said it was fresh at 7.15, it was cold by the time I had got to it.
I had a leisurely morning and pottered around the house. As I did, I remembered some of the naughty things we had got up to the last time I was here.
Then I remembered the small spying room. Was it still there?
I went upstairs and made my way into my Uncle's room, towards the wardrobe where the small door separated the spy hole location. I opened it and climbed in and saw the small plate which had previously covered the hole. I slid it across and there in front of me was the spare room that I had stayed in on my last trip. This time it was the room Phil had stayed in last night and I noticed how he had made the bed and left the room so tidy. He was a sweetheart.
I put on a black bikini and went down to the pool. As I sunbathed, I started to feel horny, so after a while I returned to my bedroom and lay down. I gently played with my breasts and my nipples quickly hardened. I stroked between my legs and moving my bikini panties to one side I started to slide my fingers along my pussy lips, then I gently stroked my clitoris, I was getting very excited.
I went to my suitcase and retrieved my vibrator. I turned it on and let the buzz arouse my clitoris. As my senses heightened, I replaced my vibrator with my fingers and stroked my clitoris, pushing my vibrator inside my pussy, then in and out, deeper and deeper as I stroked my clit.
On the bottom of the vibrator next to where I was holding it was another small appendage. I placed this against my ass as I moved the vibrator in and out of my pussy. As my juices flowed the end of the vibrator was pushing against my ass until I eventually eased it into me. The sensation from the double penetration and clitoris stimulation brought me to an intense orgasm.
As I came down the usual sensation came over me. I was ready for a second, a third orgasm.
I also lusted after real contact, after a hard cock. When I was horny, I liked nothing better than the company of an older man. To feel and taste his hard cock. Best of all, to taste his cum shooting inside my mouth. That unique sexy taste that can only be found at the end of a pulsating aroused cock. I adored cum, everything about it was amazing to me.
I showered and made lunch and researched things I wanted to do in the area. But in the end, I decided to lounge around the pool and eat-in that night, I was still tired from the time difference and my orgasm had made me a little sleepy, as well as horny!
Phil came back just before 4 pm and made his way to the pool. I was sunbathing in my bikini; it was a little skimpy and Phil did not know where to look bless him.
After a short talk we decided that I would get dressed and he would take me to the supermarket for some food, I offered to cook for us both that night and Phil thought that was a great idea. So, Beth's homemade Lasagne was on the menu!
We drove a little out of town and found a Wegmans store and I bought all the things I needed for the dish, plus a couple of bottles of red wine.
When we got home, I started preparing the meal while Phil worked a little on his laptop computer.
We sat to eat just after 7pm, before serving up I went upstairs and put a light summer dress on and a little make-up, now it felt like a real dinner!
We both enjoyed the food and Phil complimented me on my dish and my dress, which I liked. Quite a lot...
I had opened a bottle of Rioja and we had both enjoyed a glass with dinner, I went to pour more but Phil put his hand over his glass.
"Better not, an hour drive home tonight and those police aren't so forgiving with drink driving." Phil said.
"Then why don't you stay here, and we can enjoy the wine and relax, there's no need to drive home, unless you have to be there." I said.
"No, I'm living alone these days after my divorce a few years ago so I don't need to be there. But I also don't want to infringe on your time here. I'm happy to finish up here and come back tomorrow to ferry you around. You just say when and where."
"Then it's settled. I demand that you stay the tonight and enjoy a drink of wine with me after all that effort I made to cook us both a dinner!" I joked, but I also really wanted him to stay tonight.
"Well if you put it like that, then I simply I have no choice." Phil smiled as he said. "Now pass the bottle over here, my glass needs filling."
We finished the bottle and Phil opened a second as we talked freely and relaxed and enjoyed each other's company.
Phil told me all about his consultancy business and how he met my Uncle, they had been good friends for over 25 years now.
As the evening drew to a close, I thanked Phil for stepping in to look after me and for being such an amenable host. The alcohol having reduced our inhibitions somewhat, I put both my arms around Phil's neck and hugged him before kissing him on the cheek to wish him a good night.
As I left Phil and went upstairs to bed, I had a desire to spend more time with him and regretted drawing the night to a close. I was starting to feel a sexual attraction towards him and was now feeling particularly horny.
An idea jumped into my head and I grabbed a small bag from my case and put a couple of pairs of tiny thongs inside it. I then placed my vibrator into the bag. I placed the bag on top of the bed in the spare room, where Phil would be sleeping.
I opened the bag so that the vibrator would be clearly visible and returned to my bedroom. There was no way Phil could get into bed tonight without seeing what was in the bag on his bed. I hoped it would have a positive effect on him.
I lay in bed and started to stroke my panties, eventually placing a finger inside my panties and along my moistening pussy lips. I was feeling very aroused.
I heard Phil climb the stairs and disappear into his room. I wanted to know whether he had seen my bag and what was going through his mind. But after a few minutes there was no noise at all coming from his room.
Then I suddenly remembered the spying room.
I crept out of my room and into my Uncles. I slowly and quietly moved towards the wardrobe and opened the small door to the hidden viewing area.
I slowly slid the disc that covered the hole and placed my left eye over the hole to peer into the room that Phil had just entered.
To my delight, Phil was sitting on the bed in just his underwear, inspecting the bag I had left in his room and all of its contents. My panties were out on his bed and he was holding my vibrator in his left hand. His right hand was stroking his hard cock and as I watched him, he lifted a small white thong from the bed and placed the gusset over his nose and mouth while continuing to jerk off.
He had taken my bait, so now time to go to his room and innocently let him know I had left something in the room that I needed tonight. I was referring to my vibrator.
Before I made my way to his room, I considered what I was wearing. I had a short silk nightie on, so I decided to remove both my bra and my panties before heading to his room.
My nipples were poking through my nightie showing my heightened state of arousal, and my nightie barely covered my now naked ass.
I walked across the landing area and knocked on Phil's door.
"Sorry to disturb you Phil, but I have left something that I need in your room." I said as I gently knocked on the door.
Phil was clearly not expecting this interruption and responded in a panicked manner, "Hold on one second."
I pretended not to hear him and barged into the bedroom.
I was greeted with Phil holding his erect cock in one hand and my white thong in the other.
I walked towards the bed and picked up the vibrator which was lying at the entrance of the open bag.
"I just need this tonight." I said as I looked into Phil's eyes, my look lingered as I tried to convey how turned on I was.
Phil hastily tried to cover up and picked up the bag and handed it to me.
"Here, these are yours." He said as he passed my tiny panties and the bag towards me.
I turned on the vibrator and placed it over the top of my thighs, just where my nightie met my legs.
I unfastened the nightie and let it slowly fall open, first revealing my right breast and then my trimmed pussy.
Phil was still holding his cock which was now fully erect, and he started to slowly stroke it.
I placed the vibrator now against my pussy lips and moved slowly up and down. I let out a shudder as my pussy tingled from the vibrating surface of my cock shaped vibrator.
"Can I play in here with you?" I asked.
"Of course, come and lie down you beautiful thing." Phil said and made room for me on the bed.
I pulled my nightie apart revealing my naked body to Phil and opening my legs and bending them so that I knelt down low and rested on my feet. I placed the vibrator and started to arouse myself around my pussy lips.
Phil took the vibrator from me and placed it inside my pussy, slowly moving in and out. I bucked and trembled as he slowly fucked me with my sex toy.
I reached out and cupped Phil's balls which met with a jerk of approval. I took one ball in each hand and brought my mouth down over Phil's erect cock, taking him all the way in and to the back of my throat. I gently sucked him, licking all around his shaft and down to his big hairy balls.
I slowly licked all around his balls, around his thighs and between his legs, I stretched my tongue out further and eventually I placed my tongue inside his asshole and licked all around. Phil started to panic and told me he was at the point of no return and he simply needed to cum.
"You can cum baby, it's OK, I'm ready." I said as I opened my mouth and leaned towards Phil's cock.
I encouraged Phil to jerk his cock into my mouth and that I was very keen to swallow his cum
He stood over me and holding the back of my head with his hands, he started to fuck my face.
"Oh, baby I'm gonna cum." Was the next thing I heard him say.
Soon I felt the gorgeous feeling of his hard cock pulsing and filling my mouth with his cum.
His cum shot out with force, filling my mouth and tickling the roof of my mouth. I slowly savoured the taste and let it fall down into my throat as I swallowed hard.
He had cum a lot and was feeling ecstatic but spent.
"Oh, wow you took me by surprise there Beth," he said. "Did you enjoy that?"
"I loved it." I said, as I licked all around his balls and into his asshole.
"Let me recover sweetheart, then I want to fuck you." said Phil.
"I'll make some coffee." I said. "Then I'll suck you hard so that you are ready to fuck me."
I made us a cup of coffee and we sat and chatted for an hour about a number of topics.
I brought the empty cups downstairs and when I got back to the room, I removed my nightie and crawled on to the bed.
"Are you ready to play with me?" I asked.
"We can certainly give it a go." Said Phil and he lay back on the bed inviting me to crawl over him.
I did so and sat over his neck and stroked my pussy while smiling at him. He immediately lifted his head and buried his tongue deep in me.
He grabbed my ass and pushed his tongue deeper inside me, he then licked all around my pussy and my thighs and lifted me higher so that he could get further access. Soon his tongue was flickering around my asshole and he pushed it inside me.
I turned around so he could get better access to my ass, he continued to lick me while he inserted a finger into my pussy. He then sat up and with his cock now hard, he pushed it into my wet pussy, it slid in easily. He started to thrust in and out and with his right arm wrapped around me tickling my clitoris, it wasn't long before I felt an orgasm building. I encouraged Phil to fuck me harder and soon the wave of ecstasy rode over me, leaving me trembling and shaking as my body convulsed with pleasure.
I lay flat on the bed and laughed at how intense the sensation was. I was always left feeling still horny after an orgasm and craving more attention.
I told Phil how much I loved sex and enjoyed playing with a nice hard cock. I asked him if he would like to cum in my mouth again and he told me he would love to.
Phil sat on the bed and I got on my knees on the floor and started to gently lick his balls as he masturbated. I took his cock in my hand and placed my mouth over it, taking him deep in my mouth.
I continued greedily sucking and licking him until he warned me that he was ready to cum.
"Here, let me jerk it into your mouth." Phil said as he grabbed his cock and pointed the end towards my mouth.
I opened wide and put my tongue out so that he could cover it.
He trembled and shook as he announced his cum
He then shot a huge load and lost control of his direction. The first shot fired into my cheek and the second covered my lips. I opened wider and moved closer to ensure I caught the rest and there were at least 5 or 6 more full streaks that shot into my mouth. His cum tasted very nice.
But I had missed some and I had cum over my right breast and also on my right thigh.
Using my finger, I scooped up the cum on my thigh and breast and placed it into my mouth and swallowed it. Then Phil used his cock to wipe the cum from my cheek and lips and push it into my mouth. I accepted gladly and cleaned up every drop.
We lay down and fell asleep in a heap. Phil's alarm went off at 7am and he showered and left me in bed as he went to work.
I woke up feeling very horny after our evening of fun.
Phil texted around 9am and said he looked forward to seeing me around 5pm and to have a great day. The offer of a ferrying service into DC or Georgetown was still on should I want it.
I got up and showered but then went back to bed and started to play a little.
I went on to Craigslist to check the ads and responded to a couple of older guys who were looking for younger women for sex. The replies I received however weren't really serious, so I got a little bored of it.
Then an ad caught my eye:
"I'll be in a Gloryhole booth in Frederick this afternoon, cum and suck me dry. 55-year-old male, 7 inches, cut and thick."
I just had to respond.
I told him that I had never used a gloryhole before but was intrigued and loved to suck cock, particularly older cock, and that I was interested in meeting him.
Frederick was a long way from Alexandria and I had no transport, I could invite him to my Uncle's home but that would also be risky and a little unfair on my Uncle.
I told him my situation and he suggested that he could meet me in Alexandria and drive me to a Hotel. He said that he would be willing to book a room if I agreed to suck him as I would do if we met in the Adult Store that he had recommended in Frederick.
As I responded back and forth and supplied pictures of me, the conversation got hornier and I was now naked and playing with my pussy as we spoke. My lust got the better of me and I agreed to meet him at the Hotel, he had booked a hotel called the Lorien right here in Alexandria, where we would meet at 1pm.
I put on a lot of make up and dressed in a short summer dress I wore matching white thong panties and a push up bra which accentuated my cleavage, I wanted to make a good first impression.
We met at the reception and we recognised the pictures we had sent each other.
"My god you're even more beautiful then your pictures." He said, Todd was his name.
Although he wasn't a very attractive man, he smelt nice and was a pleasant guy. More importantly, the pictures he had sent me revealed a huge cock and an appetite for being sucked, so I was more interested in that then his grey balding hair and not great taste in clothes.
We made our way to the room and as we entered Todd sat on the bed.
I stayed near the door and swinging my ass from left to right started to dance provocatively and undo my dress.
"Yes, let's see what you've got under there." Todd said, as he rubbed his hardening cock in his khaki chino trousers.
I pulled my dress down and took it off, now I was wriggling around in just my underwear.
I moved towards Todd, who was sat on the end of the bed and turning my back to him I bent over and shook my ass right in front of him.
He grabbed it and put his hands inside, squeezing my ass cheeks and giving grunts of approval.
He pulled my panties down and I climbed out of them.
I turned around and got on my knees and unfastened his belt and zip and pulled out his cock.
What a specimen, long, veiny and with a huge mushroom purple head, his balls hung low and he was unshaven, just how I like it.
I took his cock in my mouth and looking up into his eyes he nodded his approval.
"That's it little Beth, take Daddy's cock in that little mouth of yours."
Unsure where this was going, I continued a little cautiously until he returned to more familiar territory.
"Oh baby, suck me deep." He said and started to slowly fuck my mouth.
He lay back on the bed and looked down on me as I took him deep in my mouth and sucked him slowly, caressing his balls which were very sensitive, he was jolting as I gently dragged my nails across them while his cock was deep in my mouth.
"Let's see those titties." He said
I removed my bra and was now kneeling naked and sucking Todd deep and slow and was really into it.
"I want to fuck you so bad." He said as I sucked him.
"We agreed I would suck your cock." I replied, "is this not what you wanted, is it Ok for you? let me know if you want me to do anything else."
"I just want to fuck that gorgeous body of yours, but what you're doing to me is amazing." He said as he groaned and leaned back on the bed.
Without hesitation, I stood up and climbed on top of Todd as he lay in the bed, I sat on top of him and put his hard cock inside me.
"Ok Todd, you can fuck me." Was all I said as I grinded on top of him.
He flipped me over and now with his body on top of mine started to fuck me hard and deep.
His huge cock filled me, and an orgasm spread across my body in no time.
He sucked on my breasts and rubbed my clit as he fucked me, he seemed to be getting faster and faster, then he flipped me over and took me doggy style.
With access to my breasts and pussy now easier with his fingers, he touched me in all the right places as he fucked me deep, he made me cum a further two times before he slowed and withdrew his cock from my pussy.
He was dirty talking now and telling me how good my pussy felt around his cock and dripping all over his balls.
He rubbed his cock against my pussy and further up against my ass. It felt amazing as he pushed and tried to enter me.
The lubrication of my pussy juice made my ass wet and with the pressure he applied, his cock slid slowly into my ass.
He started to pump and gradually increased his speed and pushed his cock further into my ass.
Our meeting for a blow job had now led me to being taken anally on a bed in his hotel room. My face was in the pillow and his weight on me, there was nothing I could do to stop him or escape. But I didn't want to. I was loving having my ass fucked deeply and could feel yet another orgasm brewing as he accompanied the sensation with two fingers sliding in and out of my pussy, I was completely soaked down there as my orgasms released more pussy juice.
I was in an ecstatic trance and heard but never really registered when his moaning became squealing and he announced he was about to fill me up with cum.
He spurted cum deep inside me then pulled his cock out and rubbed it over my ass to complete his orgasm. My ass cheeks and lower back were covered in cum and it was pouring out of my pussy as he withdrew.
He was very vocal and clearly had enjoyed a strong hard cum as it seemed to be everywhere.
He climbed off me and jumped in the shower. I lay on the bed still reeling from a monster fuck session that left my ass sore and dripping with cum.
Todd got out of the shower, dressed and thanked me before heading out of the door.
"You need to check out in an hour so don't stay too long." Was all he said as he left the room and the hotel.
I left the hotel and walked home. I took a shower and lay down in bed. I thought about the afternoon, what a slut I can be!
I soon drifted off and didn't wake until 6pm. No sign of Phil, then I saw he had sent a text message saying that he would be working late tonight, something had come up.
He would be over tomorrow afternoon. He apologised for leaving me to fend for myself tonight and asked if I had had a busy day.
I responded by telling him that it had been quiet, nothing unusual to report. Lying bitch!
My uncle had also messaged me telling me he would now be home on Friday, seemed he hadn't planned to take the week with me after all. I understood, he was a busy man.
I told him all was fine, and that Phil was very nice, he wanted to ensure he was taking good care of me. In truth, I think I was taking care of him.
I planned a leisurely evening at my Uncle's house but decided instead to take a Taxi into Georgetown.
I showered and got ready, wearing short denim shorts, very short... a white t-shirt and a black see through bra. Cool but quite sexy I thought. The usual tiny pink thong which occasionally climbed over the top of my denim shorts completed the uniform for tonight.
The Taxi arrived and an old gentleman asked me where I was heading.
"Georgetown please, anywhere near Clyde's is fine." I responded.
"You new here?" he asked.
"Yes, I'm staying at my Uncle's house, I'm from the UK." I responded.
"Never been, always wanted to, I heard the girls are beautiful there, now I can see they are." He said, smiling but fairly seriously.
"Well that's very kind of you." I said.
"Would you like me to show you around a little? Maybe take the scenic route tonight? Extra charge is on me." He offered kindly.
"Well that would be lovely, yes, I'm in no real hurry and it would be nice to see some more of the area." I said, excited about where he might take me.
We drove to Bethesda and around a number of areas near D.C., eventually along the Potomac River and pulled up in a parking area so that we could get out of the car and see the river and a lovely view into the Mountains.
"It's beautiful out here." He said.
"Yes, it is, so relaxing. I've always loved being around water." I commented.
"You wouldn't want to get in here with this current, nice to look at though." He warned, although I had no intention of getting in.
"Those shorts are pretty short, you run out of material there?" he asked.
Interesting I thought, a very cheeky remark, was he hoping for some fun with me?
"You don't like them?" I countered.
"I didn't say that sweetheart, you could give an old guy like me a heart attack." He responded.
"So you do like them or you don't like them?" I said as I walked towards him.
"Yeah, I like 'em a whole lot." The taxi driver said, making his position clear.
"Good, wanna take me somewhere quiet." I suggested.
"Jump in, I know somewhere." He said and got back into the driver's seat and started the engine.
We drove for a few minutes in silence until he pulled up in a quiet area where people may have parked to walk their dogs or go for a hike. We were close to the Potomac River, but in a very secluded area, there were no houses close to us and no other cars parked in our vicinity.
He got out of the drivers' seat and walked around the car and opened the rear door opposite where I was sitting. He sat next to me and said. "It's quiet here," as he smiled at me.
I decided to make the first move and reached over and put my arms around him. I put my lips on his and started to kiss him. He opened his mouth and we snogged, I put my tongue in his mouth and his tongue met mine, our tongues danced, and we pushed them deeper into each other's mouths as the chemistry grew.
He grabbed my breasts as we kissed and I lifted my t-shirt up so he could get a better feel of them.
He sucked on my breasts as he manoeuvred them out of my bra. I reached down to feel his cock which was growing as I felt his mouth around my breasts. As he sucked my nipple,s I undid his trouser zip and released his cock.
He was sitting in the drivers' seat and I was in the passenger seat. I leant down and approached his cock and took it into my mouth.
"Oh wow, you're a livewire." He said as he felt my mouth sucking on his cock, only an hour after we were first introduced.
He played with my breasts and after only a couple of minutes he said, "Sweetheart I'm ready to cum, you wanna take it?"
"Yes, cum in my mouth." I said, as I stroked his balls gently and continued to slowly suck on his cock.
His head fell back and his eyes closed as I felt his cum oozing over my tongue. He cum a very big load.
"So Georgetown it is." He said as I swallowed, I could taste his cum as it slid down my throat.
I sat up straight and allowed him to fasten his jeans and get back into the driver's seat.
But I had decided to drive home and rest after a day of debauchery.
I went home and slept well after a mind-blowing fuck with Mr. Craigslist this afternoon, and an unexpected cum load this evening. All in all a very successful day.
Tomorrow Phil would be home and on Friday I would be seeing my Uncle for the first time in a couple of years.
Time for sleep and ready for the next chapter...