Lady Cynthia Harmison had made one decision in her target of re-joining society. She would in future, among her peers, be known simply as Cyn, this made her smile.
Before her capture by Berber tribesmen she had had been an arrogant aristocrat who hadn't done a days work in her life. Her stay in the Berber camp, short as it was, had transformed her into a submissive with a totally different attitude to life. Even now, as she sat on her favourite chair, naked, her mind was on how she could make her way back into the social life she had been used to before her husband died.
The problem was that her life as a submissive had taken over her life. She was available to anyone, male or female, who wanted to use her body. That could not change, she so enjoyed being dominated and abused and that situation must stay. How to marry that with her intention to be a wealthy socialite was the problem.
At the present time she was very reluctant to wear any clothing whatsoever, the staff at her house understood and had accepted that but being at Ascot on ladies day in front of the Queen stark naked went beyond the pale.
Today had been a work day, she worked with her manager, twice a week. Firstly to understand the running of the estate and secondly to have a job, her first real job in her lifetime. As she was working today Mike had advised her that on her next workday they will take a tour of the estate and she could meet and get to know her tenants. That would be on Friday coming.
Jones, her lady in waiting, knocked on the door and walked in. "How are we today, your Ladyship? Is there anything I can do for you this lovely evening?" she asked noticing that her employer was deep in thought and had not seen her enter the room.
"I'm sorry Jones, you have given me some good advice and I wonder if you can help me solve my little problem, its vexing me a lot and I don't know what to do." Cyn then explained that she wanted to rejoin society and maintain her submissive disposition.
"That is certainly a conundrum that will take some thought." Jones said, "Meanwhile you should have a shower before dinner, you've been fucked by Mike and there is come on your inner thigh, so come along. We can shower together, my cunt is ready for your mouth but not until you're clean."
Cyn's face lighted up at the thought of eating Jones lovely fanny and readily went with her to shower.
Friday morning Cyn was early at her office, she now had a key and let herself in, she was nude but wore a pair of sturdy shoes. Farm yards are not feet friendly, as Mike told her. She was reading last months accounts and drinking tea when Mike arrived. "Good morning your Ladyship, I see you are early, that's good but you don't need to be early, you are working hard anyway and there isn't much to do this time of year, we have everything under control. Finish your tea and we'll start our tour.
"I've brought a dress for today, I hope it's not too flimsy but my shoes are sturdy." Cyn said brightly.
"No need for the dress, your Ladyship, the farmers understand your situation and they sympathise with you. This estate has been very well looked after and the tenants are grateful for that."
"Okay, Mike, I didn't want to wear it anyhow, I thought I must be a bit circumspect."
They piled into the Landrover defender and set off for the first farm. All the farms knew her Ladyship and her manager would be attending today, it was mostly a social call where tenants could meet the owners and bring up any matters of concern, something that had happened for hundreds of years.
The first farm, Smithson's, was the nearest and they arrived within minutes. Mike drove into the yard and was greeted by the couple who worked it. They were in their early fifties and they exuded healthiness, both had ruddy smiling faces and wore their normal working clothes. Both of them greeted Mike like old friends but were more formal with her Ladyship, they noted her white body that had not faced the rigours of hot summers and cold winters.
Cyn felt comfortable in their presence and her lack of clothing did not faze the farmers. Tea was ready and they went into the farmhouse and were offered mugs of tea and slices of homemade cake. This was the first farm of ten and it was the same for the next nine, Mike and Cyn were chocker block with tea and tid bits offered but manners meant they could not be refused. It was a successful tour, some minor problems were brought up which Mike assured them would be taken care of.
One young farmhand whistled when seeing Cyn's naked body but she just smiled and carried on, she was secretly pleased that one person had noticed her beautiful body and reacted. Mike and the farmers said nothing.
When they returned to the office at about two o 'clock that afternoon they worked on till five o'clock when Mike fucked her on his desk. "You've done well today, your Ladyship, it's never easy to consume so much tea and food as we've been offered today and you graciously accepted everything. I'm full up and I'm certain you are but it's something good landlords do even if it's only for one day a year. I managed to relieve myself during the day but you never did, your bladder must have been full. how did you manage that?"
"It's been a very interesting day which I've enjoyed immensely but as for the bladder I'm okay. Remember I'm naked and don't have to pull my knickers down. I managed to dripple when no one was watching, which wasn't often, but I did relieve myself a little when I could. I nearly pissed myself when we got back to the office and I had the biggest pee I've ever had." Cynthia smiled at Mike, said goodbye and went home.
Sarah Jones eventually persuaded her boss to attend a function at a nearby estate. It took a time as Cyn didn't want to meet anyone off her estate, She had been accepted in her own home as a submissive who refused to wear any clothing and to be used by anybody who wanted to fuck her,
As there was only her staff on her estate, the gardener and manager were regularly sticking their cocks into her even though they treated her with respect as their employer. Her lady in waiting enjoyed intimate relations with Cyn and they developed a relationship closer than employer and employee but with full knowledge of their social standings.
The event Cyn had agreed to go to was birthday party for a daughter of a friend of her husband and hers. The house was about five miles away and as Cyn had no significant other she took Sarah. That was an arrangement that suited Cyn as she felt that her lady in waiting was the one person she fully trusted.
Cyn wore a long dress that hung loosely on her body and hid the fact that there was no underwear involved. They were driven to the party by her chauffeur and they arrived as it was well underway. The birthday girl, Jane, was 21 the day before the party and had been drinking and was dancing wantonly.
The music was loud and not to Cyn's taste so she left the room with a glass of red and found her hostess, also avoiding the music. After the pleasantries had been completed, Joyce, the birthday girls mother introduced Cyn to a man that sat quietly in the kitchen. The man was Richard, her brother who was on holiday from his farm in New Zealand. Cyn had never met him before but there was something that intrigued her,
He was about forty five, six foot tall, well built slightly balding but it was his eyes that drew Cyn's interest. They were cobalt blue and seemed to penetrate her inner being. He patted the seat next to him and beckoned her to him, she could not resist and moved quickly to sit beside him.
Richard spoke quietly, his voice had a slight antipodean twang that softened the cut glass accent of his class. But it was the way his eyes searched her that made her feel so close to him. They spoke for several minutes, him mostly, till he said, "You're not wearing a bra are you?"
She hesitated briefly, smiled to herself before answering, "no, nor any knickers."
He stared at her, causing her stomach to churn, "why?" he asked.
Cyn sat silently for a few moments before replying. "It's a long story but to cut to the chase, I've recently discovered that I'm a submissive and I don't like wearing too many clothes."
Richard leant forward and looked her straight in the eye, "tell me all about, I've got nothing better to do and the music here is too modern and too noisy, I'll get us another drink and you can tell me the long story."
When their glasses had been refreshed, Cyn hesitantly recounted her journey to submissiveness from her capture, her time in slavery and the sexual abuse she had been subjected in the Berber camp. She completed her narrative with Jones diagnosis of her submissive nature and her behaviour since.
He never said a word until she had completed her story, Cyn was amazed that she had willingly told Richard everything so easily without thinking of the consequences.
Once again he stared at her before speaking. "I'm just going to pack an overnight bag, then we are leaving to go to your house, wait there till I return but be ready to go as soon as I come back, understand?"
She meekly nodded her, calling Jones over to her as soon as he departed. Cyn tried to explain to Sarah what was going to happen and Jones expressed her happiness.
Richard returned within minutes and looked at Cyn and gestured with his arm for her to come with him. He seemed a bit surprised when he saw another woman approach alongside Cyn and he queried what was happening. Cyn told him about Sarah and he accepted that and the three of them went to the car and were driven to Cyn's home.
As Cyn reached her house she was going to take her dress off but decided against it wondering what Richard had in mind. She was soon to be enlightened, "I am going to teach you to be a real submissive slut, your Ladyship and to start you can remove that dress, I want to see what I'm working with. I have a week before I return to New Zealand."
Cyn stripped her dress and he and stood before Richard naked, he looked at her for a few seconds before exclaiming, "you are a very beautiful lady, I'm going to enjoy your training as a submissive sex slave." He reached into his bag and extracted stylish leather collar with silver studs that spelt out the word slave and placed it around Cyn's neck. "you'll wear this at all times until I go home, understand."
Cyn nodded, feeling relieved that he was taking possession of her body. "Right, your ladyship, from now on until I leave, you'll not speak unless I say so, you won't have any sexual encounters unless I allow it. No, on second thoughts, that is not right because anybody who wants you can have but you can't come, you'll not masturbate or come till I give you permission. That is the first and last time I'll tell you that. Do you understand?"
Cyn nodded her agreement.
"Good," he continued, "as my sex slave you'll be fucked by me and others I allow. You will never have any bodily functions in private, call your lady in waiting and have her find a receptacle that you can use to urinate in. When I am resting you will face me on the floor kneeling with your legs wide open and hands behind your back. in any event you will always have your hands behind behind you at all times, do you understand?"
She nodded her agreement and put her hands behind her back. She stood proud, her chest pushed forward and her legs open exposing the the lips of her vagina.
"Well done, you are going to be a good sex slave. Now suck my cock until I ejaculate". Cyn dropped to her knees and went to undo his fly and extricate his cock but he smacked her face, "keep your hands behind you, I've told you that, I'll drop my trousers."
Richard undid his belt and removed his trousers and pants and stood so that Cyn had to crawl on her knees and put her mouth on his flaccid cock. She licked the head and licked the length of his cock as it began to harden. Then she placed her mouth over his cockhead as it stiffened, bobbing her head up and down till it was hard and in her throat.
Cyn had long since been able to take a cock into her throat without gagging so she comfortably was able to bring him to a climax and let him pour his come into her stomach. She enjoyed the feeling of power as she made her master come so quickly and the feeling in her tits as they jiggled violently that made her cunt tingle. She remembered that she was not allowed to come but that didn't dampen her feeling of achievement.
"Well done your Ladyship, that was brilliant." It was then that he noticed Jones had entered the room. "What do you mean by invading my privacy, young lady, don't do it again."
"Excuse me Sir you may be her master but this is her Ladyship's house and I'm her lady in waiting and I enter any room in her house regardless. Get used to it, sir."
He was gobsmacked but thought about what Jones said and slowly replied, "O,K I have been away from this country a long time and have forgotten the etiquette of the ruling class, forgive me. Is there anything you want?"
"Not from you, sir, but I need to know if her Ladyship has any requirements that I can attend to. Is there anything your Ladyship?"
Cyn looked at Richard for permission to speak, he nodded.
"Yes, Jones, first I need one of the chamber pots brought to my room. Then I must ask my master if I can speak to you to explain my situation for the next week. Make sure you are available if needed, you'll notice I said IF needed."
Jones fully understood the meaning of the last part of Cyn's reply. She nodded and left the room.
"I'm sorry I upset Jones but I'm never was au fait with the relationship between Lady's and their staff."
Cyn nodded but never spoke. Richard remembered that he was naked so put his trousers on. He then sat down and pulled the bell, Cyn crawled over to where Richard sat and knelt in front of him on her haunches with her hands behind her and spread her knees.
A maid answered the bell and Richard asked for tea and cakes for the two of them. Then Jones returned with an ornate chamber pot. When the maid returned with tea and cakes she was asked to bring up a couple of deep dishes to put Cyn's tea and cakes on to. "Her Ladyship will take all her meals from bowls on the floor while I'm here." he explained to the maid.
The tea was put into one bowl and the cake into the other, he watched as Cyn bent over the bowl to eat the cake and then lap up the tea as it cooled. Richard reminded her to keep her knees apart and her hands behind her. So began Lady Cynthia Harmison's training as a sex slave. She realised just how submissive she was when she needed a piss.
First she had to catch Richard's eye to ask to use the chamber pot, then she had to squat over it with her legs spread wide facing Richard, her hands still behind her, while she urinated into the pot. This nearly broke Cyn the first time she did it and when she was ordered to drink her own piss she nearly puked but by the end of the week she managed it easily enough.
When she wanted a shit she was allowed to use the toilet in her bathroom but she was exposed to Richard's view while doing so.
At meal times she sat under the table between Richard's legs and sucked his cock until he poured his come into her willing mouth. Then she was made to stand beside him so he could finger her cunt or arsehole as he finished his meal. The waitresses and the footman and butler were encouraged to touch her body. They at least always said excuse me your Ladyship before they touched her. The butler actually fucked her in her arsehole over the table in front of Richard. This amused Richard immensely and he encouraged the footman and butler to fuck her at most meals The waitresses would then clean the come between her legs.
After two days Cyn was really frustrated, she asked Richard to be allowed to come but he refused. Richard took her outside for a walk around the grounds and offered her to the two gardeners. They spit roasted her, each taking turns to put their cocks in her mouth while the other fucked one of her other holes.
Her humiliation was making her the perfect sex slut and Richard was pleased with her progress and on the fourth day told her she could come. Cyn was delighted but Richard would not let anybody fuck her or even touch her and she still wasn't allowed to touch herself. Richard put handcuffs on her wrists behind her back.
Now she had permission to come she had no way to help herself she tried to put a finger in her arsehole but Richard noticed and put a butt plug into her. She sobbed in her frustrated state but as much as she squirmed she couldn't come. Later that day Richard opened his fly and Cyn thought she was getting out of her misery and she was disappointed when he pissed over her and into her mouth. She was used to drinking her own urine and enjoyed Richard's which tasted saltier than hers.
Cyn slept on the floor in her own bedroom while Richard slept in her bed. That night as he stripped naked to go to bed he stood in front of her and masturbated himself shooting his come over her face and tits causing her frustration to grow. When he told her that from now she could no longer come she cried continuously for over an hour but Richard was adamant saying she had all day to come but failed to do so
Next day as usual she woke Richard with a blowjob as she had been ordered. Her whole body ached for a sexual release but she was not allowed to but she gave Richard a wonderful sucking and licking his balls and cock until he ejaculated over her face and tits. As usual she had no way of cleaning herself and the come dried and stayed marking her as a slut. Then she caught his eye. He nodded to allow her to speak and she asked if she could relieve the pressure on her bladder.
Richard nodded and she crawled to her chamber pot and pushed the pot into position so that Richard could watch her. Crawling to the pot was an exaggeration as this was impossible, she had to walk on her knees with her hands behind her. And then bend over and move the pot along the floor with her mouth, then she moved her body over the pot and and squatted with legs wide as she peed into the pot. Richard insisted that her exposure was complete, to ensure her submissiveness, he brought in the gardeners or chauffeur to observe her humiliation.
Going to the toilet to have a shit she was allowed to move her hands from her back to allow her to balance on the loo but she blushed deep red being observed doing something that should be very private. This was not a good time for Cyn, her submissive side was being severely tested. Being nude and being fucked by all and sundry was OK but there are limits.
Jones was still allowed access to her mistress but could not interfere with Cyn's temporary status. She was allowed to help Cyn to shower, hygiene being a necessary requirement, but Cyn had to knee walk to and into the shower while Jones turned the shower on and then wash her.
When the last day of her submission to Richard arrived, Cyn was very relieved. She had been fucked in all her holes multiple times each day but had not had an orgasmic release in all that time and by then she was at the end of her tether.
Richard was leaving Saturday evening for his return to New Zealand so an afternoon party had been arranged to mark his last hours as Cyn's master. All the staff were invited and the kitchen staff had loaded tables with sandwiches, pork pies and cakes. Alcoholic drinks of all descriptions were available. The staff arrived early and were enjoying the food and the drinks.
There were all the male staff, the manager, Mike, two gardeners and the chauffeur plus the butler and footman and all the female staff bar Jones who was waiting for Cyn to be allowed to join the party. At the time Cyn was being fucked by Richard using all her holes but still not allowed to have an orgasm.
The party was well under way when Richard led Cyn into the room. By now the staff had done some serious drinking and were really in the party mood and cheered as Cyn entered the room. She was offered a glass of red, looking at Richard for permission before taking it.
Richard lead Cyn into the room by the lead attached to her slave collar, her hands were behind her body until she accepted the drink and of course she was naked, He called for quiet and waited for the noise of the inebriated party goers to be quiet, it took some time but eventually silence was established. He looked around the room at the expectant faces of the assembled guests and cleared his throat before speaking.
"Your Ladyship, your week as my sex slave and submissive is over." He reached out and removed her slave collar from her neck placing it in his pocket. "There you go your Ladyship, you are free to do whatever you want. The slave collar will be placed round my wife's neck when I return to New Zealand, he bowed to Lady Cynthia Harmison and went to get a gin and tonic.
"Does this mean that I can come now?" she called out.
"You can do exactly as you wish, your Ladyship, I'm going home this evening and won't see you again, certainly not in the foreseeable future. You are a free woman now so live your life, you are free". He turned away and took a sip of his gin and tonic.
Cyn relaxed and looked around the room and saw Mike watching. Mike crossed the room and spoke to Cyn. " Your Ladyship, I understand you haven't been allowed to have an orgasm for a week, would you prefer to be fucked in private or would you be happy here?"
"Mike, you can fuck me here and make it quick, I'm so frustrated I'll come I'll come if you hold my hand.,"
By now the drinking had recommenced and conversations were resuming and Cyn was no longer the centre of attention so Cyn concentrated on her frustration. "It would be nice if another man could help me out, do you mind? she asked tentatively.
"I'm not happy to have you with another so may I suggest we get some more men to help you out, would that be Okay, your Ladyship.?".
Cyn smiled and said, "Bring it on, Mike, my cunt is dripping and I need seeing to promptly. "
Mike called the men to him and instructed the two gardeners to strip off, he looked at their respective cocks noting that they were about the same size. Both were rock hard, stroking themselves. Fred was told to lie on the floor and Cynthia was instructed by Mike to stand with her back towards Fred at his waist. Then she was told to lower her body to sit on Fred and insert his cock into her arsehole.
Cyn adjusted her body position and squatted over the gardeners cock and slowly lowered her bum till she could insert his cock up her into ger arsehole. Slowly she allowed Fred's cock to become fully enclosed by her bum and looked at Mike for further orders.
Lay down your Ladyship and get comfortable, Mike told her. She laid her back on the richly carpeted floor her shoulders taking her body weight and stretched her legs forward. Cyn and Fred now made the figure of a cross, Cyn opened her legs and raised her knees to get really comfortable, the cock in her arsehole9 filling her body so much she was forced to spread her legs.
Don, the other gardener. was instructed to fuck her in the missionary position. He gently pressed his hard cock against her wide open cunt and then entered her till he bottomed out. Don felt Fred's cock as he pushed into Cyn's cunt and Cyn's vagina wall gripped and sucked at his cock. Cyn moaned quietly and she had an orgasm before either of the gardeners started fucking her.
The footman was told told to squat over Cyn and put his cock into her mouth while the butler and chauffeur placed their cocks into Cyn's hands and she gently wanked them.
"Okay, guys, her Ladyship is ready to be fucked in all her holes so get to it and make her come hard. Don fucked Cyn vigorously, slamming his big cock deep into her vagina, Fred tried to fuck her arsehole but it was more difficult for him even though Cyn was helping him. The footman, William, was having a great time face fucking Cyn and wouldn't last long, his cock was in and out her throat and she was using her tongue to encourage him.
.
Cyn was having multiple orgasms as she serviced five randy men at once. The butler was the first to come, Cyn had managed to wank him, by instinct, to a huge orgasm. The butler pulled Cyn's hand off him and deposited his come over Cyn's tits and abdomen. The footman was next but he spewed his spunk straight into Cyn's mouth which she swallowed greedily. With her mouth now empty of human flesh she could moan loudly, screaming, "Come on guys, fuck me hard, oh my God, I'm fucking coming, fuck me, fuck me."
By now all the female staff were observing Cyn's fuckfest. Standing with a glass of alcohol in one hand and rubbing their crotches with the other. One of the household staff had dropped her skirt and had her hand inside her knickers.
Don shouted that he was about to come and stayed inside Cyn and emptied his balls deep into Cynthia's womb, vagina squeezing the last drop from his bollocks.. When Don vacated Cyn's vagina he was replaced by the chauffeur who didn't last long. He also delivered his come into Cyn's cunt and she drained him.
Cyn was now being fucked by Fred who was at last free to move, he flipped her over onto her knees and fucked her arse before moving to her cunt then back to her bum before ejaculating into her bowels. He withdrew and lay on the floor beathing heavily.
The female staff looked on in wonder at the naked bodies with their flaccid cooks surrounding their employer who was leaking fresh come from all her orifices. They in turn were getting increasingly worked up, clothing was discarded and fingers stuck in wet sex holes. The cook, a large woman, had exposed her huge tits and was masturbating herself in a drunken stupor.
Mike surveyed the scene, smiling to himself, and noted that some of the men were recovering, their strength enough to have their erections restored. The ladies also noticed and the remains of their clothing were discarded and they fell upon the men in a drunken sexual frenzy.
Cynthia slowly recovered and began move, she staggered to her feet, come dribbling from her arsehole and cunt. She smiled happily at Mike and thanked him for ending her frustration. "I feel better now Mike, do you want to fuck me now or wait till I clean up?"
"I'll wait your Ladyship, you need a good bath now, I'll see you at work on Monday," he replied.
Cyn looked at the orgy that was happening in front of her and called Jones to help to with her bath. After her bath and her soothing sex with her lady in waiting, Cyn spoke to Jones about her future. Both ladies were totally nude but comfortable in each others company and Cyn wanted Jone's opinion about her, Cyn's, future.
She spoke about her past week as Richard's sex slave telling Jones that her exposure to submission was certainly pleasurable and that she felt that now she wanted to settle with a man and restore her place in society. Cyn explained that she was glad to be a submissive but not to the extent that Richard had imposed upon her. She was not happy with evacuating her bowels and bladder in full public view, well not as a matter of course, she could handle that in a sexual way.
Cyn asked Jones if she had any suggestions as to how she could return to "normal" life. Jones looked at her boss, her hand was slowly stroking her wet vagina, and said. "I've. given this a lot of thought, your Ladyship, and if I may i would like to tell you my idea." Seeing Cyn's nod she continued. First of all you need to get married again to a man who is able to control you in the way you want. He will have to be a man, with a title, who is respected among his peers. We will have attend parties and gatherings where such men congregate and find the one you need. I suggest that you let it be known that you are available and ready to rejoin society."
"You have enough friends that you can quietly let it be known that your trauma of the Berber camp is behind you. It might be a good idea to host a party here to get the word around quickly, what do you think about this, your Ladyship?"
Cyn thought for a while before answering, "that sounds good, will it mean I have to wear clothes now and not let myself be fucked by anyone who wants to use me, I'll find that difficult to do."
"You can do want you want in your own house while private but not when you attend or host parties. I know the staff respect and understand you as, indeed I do, it is a great pleasure for me to be here now, naked, and playing with myself, or you, when I want to, I would not like that to change and you seem to be of the same mind."
Cynthia smiled at Jones, "you are so right, I'll arrange a party here. The staff will be pleased to have guests back here again. I'll check the society pages and get a date for the party. Everybody here knows their jobs, it will be nice to have the house back to normal again. It's been so long since James's death and we all need to get over it and return back to how it was here. Thank you Jones, that is good advice, call the housekeeper and cook and we will make all the arrangements."
The house buzzed for the next two weeks as preparations were made to have a small party, twenty to twenty four, guests. a date had been determined, cook was getting a gourmet meal ready and the housekeeper prepared rooms for guests who wanted to stay overnight and invitations had been sent out. Cyn had whispered in the ears of a few lady friends that she was in the market for marriage and the invitations included a plus one. The plus one was for the guests to bring along any eligible related friend or family member.
This was only Cyn's re-entry to society so not much was expected in the way of suitors for her but it was a start.
In the meantime Cyn carried on as before, being naked and used by the staff as their needs took them. Mike fucked her after every workday, using her mouth or arsehole when she had her periods. On one occasion after fucking her, he asked if she got married, would she still work with him and if so should he stop fucking her. The question made Cyn laugh, "I'm hoping nothing will change, I want to help run my estate and I love you fucking me." Mike smiled and nodded to himself.
She wore a long dress for the party, the need to dress was frustrating but it was a conventional priority that she could overlook. She refused to wear any underwear and felt better for that. The party was a success, she saw many of her friends for the first time since James's funeral and met some new men who had possibilities but none outstanding. After she waved the last guests away, two couples who stayed overnight, she removed her dress and sighed happily as she was again naked.
It was on her fourth party that she met the man, the man she was looking for. He had everything she desired, money, title and a body she could adore. In conversation with him she learned that he was probably a man who could fulfil her desires. her closest friends, who were aware of her needs, had spread the word and the men introduced to her were subtle in their approach to her but it was Justin Brotherford who finally rang her bell, so to speak.
Justin owned a huge estate about thirty miles from hers. His wife of twelve years had suddenly died of cancer and he was still in mourning. While talking to Cyn he relaxed and the unhappiness of his loss left his face. It was late into the party when they were introduced but after the initial awkwardness, they were wrapped in their own world ignoring the party goers. Jones, as usual her party partner, watched them talking and approved of what she saw.
"My wife was submissive but no-one but me knew, we kept our sex life private. Even my closest friends were never aware that Carol was so submissive. That as I understand is not the case with you?" he queried.
"My circumstances are different, do you know about my capture by the Berbers?" Julian nodded, "I've been advised recently."
"Well, " she continued, "I was not aware of my submissive nature until I returned to England after my release. It was only Jones, my lady in waiting, who diagnosed my condition. It was her that freed me from the constraints of society and made me happy again. I hate wearing clothes, the Berbers kept me naked all the time of my capture and unbeknownst to me made me what I am. A submissive slut."
Julian looked at her closely before speaking. "Are you really happy?" he asked.
" Oh yes, I'm very happy but now I need a man who understands my wants and needs to fulfil me, have I shocked you." she asked him.
"Yes, to be honest, but I understand you, you are what you are and don't try to live your life as a lie. I would like to see you after the party and talk to you some more, would that be acceptable to you?"
Cynthia smiled at him coyly and and whispered, "Yes."
They made arrangements to meet the next Friday, he would come to her home and stay for the weekend. Cyn was satisfied with those plans and spoke to Jones as they were being driven home. Jones expressed her pleasure at the turn of events.
Julian arrived at Cyn's house and was shown into her rooms. She wore a dress that reached her knees, the top of the dress was buttoned to the neck and a belt around her waist complimented her attire. She was nervous, she hoped she had met her soulmate and wanted so much to please him.
"Good evening, your Ladyship, I trust you are well?"
"I'm well, please don't be so formal. I want you to enjoy your weekend as my friend."
"As you are dressed in that dress looking like a proper lady, I thought it best to address you as such." he replied.
"If my clothing is disturbing you would you prefer if I removed it."
"Yes please, your Ladyship."
Cyn sighed a sigh of relief and ripped her dress from her body and stood before him naked.
"That's better, you must feel at home in your own house, you did tell me that you didn't wear clothes at home."
He stood looking at her, she smiled as he examined her body. her face radiated happiness as she watched him look at her nude body. Her tits pushed towards his eyes with her nipples hard and she opened her legs to expose her slit to him.
"You are beautiful, your body is beautiful and you look so happy."
"I'm pleased you are here and I'm pleased to be in my natural state, but forgive me I'm a bad host, do want any refreshments before we dine, a cup of tea?" she asked.
"A cuppa would be most acceptable, thank you."
Cyn rang the bell and a maid entered the room to ask what her Ladyship wanted. "Two teas please and tell cook we will eat here tonight, only the butler and maid to serve." Turning to Julian she asked if he had any dietary requirements to which he said no, "OK, Hazel, tell cook we will have the fillet mignon as planned." The maid bowed and went about her duties.
They sat at her small table and drank their tea, he fully dressed and she fully naked and chatted about nothing in particular.
Cyn suddenly cleared her throat and asked Julian about his late wife. He composed himself before answering. "Carol was my first and,so far, only love. We met at Uni and married just over twelve years ago, her cancer was sudden, there was no warning or signs, she had a pain in her stomach one day and the doctors found out that she was riddled with cancer. She died within six weeks and I was devastated. Until last week when I met you I was almost suicidal."
"Tell me about her being submissive nature." she asked.
"I didn't know about that till two years into our marriage, I was fucking her doggie and after I ejaculated I slapped her arse playfully but she moaned so loud I smacked her again. That's nice, she said, do it again only harder. I did and it excited her so much she had multiple orgasms. Afterwards we spoke about her liking being hit on her arse. She admitted that she was a bit submissive and being smacked brought it out. We then explored her submissiveness and she enjoyed being used like a slut, which she wasn't, and we made it an enjoyable part of our sex life."
"Now just how submissive are you?" he asked.
"I'm a recent submissive but more than Carol, I don't wear clothes as you know and all the staff here has fucked me as and when they want and I enjoy it. The estate manager fucks me everyday we work together and if a gardener sees me outside he will will demand me to satisfy him, in fact sometimes both gardeners have fucked me together. The butler and the footman both have sex with me and they use my arsehole as well as my cunt. The maids have all sucked my fanny dry. Do I shock you?"
Julian sat very pensive thinking about what he had been told. They finished their tea in silence, then Julian left the table and sat in an armchair. "Show me your arsehole!" he ordered.
Cyn immediately stood up and walked over to Julian, she turned round, spread her legs and bent over pulling apart her arse cheeks exposing her pink star shaped anus to his gaze. Nobody spoke and Cyn stayed put. The maid entered the room, glanced at the couple and went to the table. She put the cups, teapot and saucers on a tray, cleaned the table and left the room.
Julian kept Cyn in situ for about five minutes before telling her to sit on her settee. She did so relaxing her legs so to exposing her wet cunt to him. "Did you like my arsehole, I've never seen it in that position?"
"It's very beautiful like the rest of your body, you've giving me a lot to think about. If I had tried I may have got Carol to be that submissive, Ah well, I'll never know."
They ate their dinner in silence, Julian deep in thought and Cyn playing with her food wondering what Julian thinking about. A drop of gravy fell onto her breast and the maid licked it dry before cleaning her breast with a cloth. Julian chuckled to himself, the incident broke the silence and Julian commented on the maids action.
"That is not unusual, Sophie enjoyed it and so did I, didn't we Sophie?"
"Yes your Ladyship, you have lovely tits."
"This is an interesting visit and I'm glad I met you last week," Julian said.
"I've never had dinner with a nude woman before and I must say it gives a different meaning to fine dining."
"You ain't seen nothing yet." Cyn said. "I've been fucked on this table many times as others were eating." she turned to the butler and said, "Isn't this so George?"
"That is so, your ladyship, I've had you many times."
After dinner, Julian and Cyn sat on the settee drinking wine. Julian asked what room he was sleeping in. Cyn told him he had the choice, there was a room dedicated for him but her room had a king size bed.
Julian smiled and said second option seems best. They chatted for a long time before retiring. Julian stated that he would not be sure about sharing Cyn with all the staff should they decide be an item or even marry but he did say he got a kick out watching the maid clean Cyn's breast.
They fucked most of the night and next morning Cyn woke up feeling great and ready for a busy day. She noticed that Julian was stiring and took his cock into her mouth. He sighed as she inserted his member deep into her throat. It took a while for him to come after his efforts during the night but she stuck to her task and drank all his come easily.
She had a shower and went to her room and ordered breakfast. When breakfast was delivered to her room, Julian entered the room, showered and dressed. "Good morning, slut," he said. "you are a remarkable fuck and I enjoyed last night."
"I'm glad, would you like a walk after we have eaten?" she asked.
He agreed and tucked into the eggs and bacon and drank two cups of tea.
They strolled around the grounds and went to the office she works in. They met no one, it being Saturday, but it was a beautiful English summers day. Cyn felt the sun on her naked body and felt a happiness she had never felt before.
That day they spoke of their needs for the future, one thing Julian had a hard time was Cyn's need to be fucked by all her staff. This was an issue that Cyn stuck to even though she was prepared to indulge in it less often.
At the end of the day they had agreed to live together at her house first then at his house later. Cyn was feeling as if she was in love with Julian but time would tell. Julian was leaving at midday on Sunday. Before he left they walked the grounds again, the day was not sunny but it was warm, unlike the day before they encountered a gardener who was collecting vegetables for Sunday dinner. He looked at Cyn then at Julian, not knowing what to do. Julian told him to carry on as usual. Fred smiled as he understood and told Cyn to bend over so he could fuck her.
Cyn smiled at Julian and bent over with her legs wide apart. Julian could see her open cunt glistening with moisture. She needs this Julian thought perhaps this is part of her future happiness.
Time will tell but I won't. The very end.