For those that don't like it there is a sense of incest within this story, our siblings are in fact not blood related but have been bought up as brother and sisters. If this subject is going to offend please read no further.it is and will develop further into a story of exhibitionism hence why it is here rather than in Taboo/Incest.
This story is complete fiction, I understand that some of the things contained our not possible, I realise that if some of this behaviour was to happen in the real world people would complain and people would be arrested.
This is fiction I have written it as such and hope you will also read it as it was intended.
I am not a professional writer and I will make some spelling and grammar errors, again if this is going to upset you please close this and read something far better written.
I write purely for pleasure, if you don't like it them please move on to another story there are thousands to pick on.
Chapter two.
Andrew began to think about making plans for his other sister Christina but they would have to wait a while as she was off back to Uni soon that would at least give him plenty of time to upgrade the camera coverage in her room.
Andrew went on line, he was a keen player of online games, mainly world of Warcraft, with no real friends in this area he set about finding local people who shared his taste in gaming, it didn't take long before he had found 4 gamers all within a few miles of where he lived, as they weren't new to the area like he was they told him how to get to the town and agreed a meet.
Over the next few weeks Andrew developed a good friendship with the small group, the five of them chatted on line in game as well as occasionally meeting up at one or the others homes. This evening they were coming to his house.
Andrew had continued to have his sister misbehave, he had sent her shopping for clothes and even picked items out for her on eBay which he had addressed to her. He had spent one fun afternoon getting her to model every item of clothing she had and discarded everything he didn't like, he had then made her burn the pile leaving her with only clothing that he had approved of, the most modest things she now owned were a few pairs of Yoga pants, even they were skin tight and without underwear they left little to the imagination. She would masturbate for him at a moment's notice and every evening she had stood by the red line for him to fuck. With summer getting closer and the days warming up Andrew had begun to think of new ways to expose his compliant sister. Tonight he planned on letting his new friends in on the game, but first he had to make sure they were all happy to obey his rules.
With the five teenagers down in the cellar, all 18 and 19, although Tom was almost 20 Andrew asked them if they could keep a secret, they all nodded so Andrew began.
He told them that he had hidden cameras set up in his sisters bedroom, and that they could watch her do anything they wanted, he explained that she didn't know who was controlling her but would now respond to absolutely anything that he instructed, Sue had in fact got to the point where she obeyed without even hesitation. He didn't go in to any more details but said, if you can all keep the secret I will show you?
All four nodded and agreed to keep the secret, even though they had never seen Sue the chance at having some measure of control over a girl was exciting to any young male.
Andrew knew his hidden control centre was to small so had linked up his TV remotely, he could only monitor one camera at a time this way but that would be fine for today. The TV showed Sue laying on her bed, she was listening to music and reading a magazine, she was wearing just a short tee shirt dress which had rucked up around her thighs, showing off her long legs not quite her pussy but near enough to make the watching boys groan. Andrew listened to the comments about his hot sister, his friends watched closely even though Sue was doing very little.
Well said Andrew what would you like her to do?
The obvious answer to that from four guys was to take off her dress.
Beep; remove your clothing and when you are naked lie back on your bed, part your legs as wide as you can.
The group watched the screen, they saw Sue pick up her phone, read the message and stand up. She pulled her dress over her head already naked beneath it she lay back on the bed spread her legs wide and waited.
Fuck me look at that body said Tom, she did indeed look good thought Andrew. The group commented about her very firm perky tits, even laid on her back they lost very little of their shape her dark pink nipples were hard. Her flat stomach with just the hint of a six pack, with her wide hips below flaring out and showing a very feminine shape. The crudest comments were reserved for Sue's bare cunt, smoothly shaved with very obvious fleshy pussy lips hanging down. Tom asked if she would hold her pussy open.
Beep; pull your pussy open as much as you can
The group watched as Sue complied holding on to her fleshy lips she opened herself up wide, Andrew zoomed in with his remote control her moist pink hole filled the screen.
At the suggestion of the group Sue spent the next hour fingering her pussy, playing with her nipples, they even found out that she could lick her own nipples which was hot. The game had bought Sue to three orgasm's, the watching lads stared in amazement at possibly the hottest woman they had ever seen under their complete control, not once had Sue questioned or disobeyed any instructions.
Andrew had watched his new friends and was confident that they wouldn't share his secret, but he had one more way of ensuring that they wouldn't. As they watched Sue now fucking herself to yet another climax with one of her vibrators Andrew said, to make sure you are all willing to keep this secret, I will let each of you fuck her tonight, she won't see you and you will only fuck her when I allow it. To ensure you all keep the secret I will promise that there will be other times that you can all be involved with Sue.
So who wants to fuck my sister?
Again the obvious answer to his question.
Beep; go put on the blindfold you will get onto all fours naked and you will be used by some of my friends, you will not know them but you will look at every man you meet from now on and wonder if he has fucked you.
Sue was nervous she had followed every instruction lately, but this was a first time that others had been directly involved beyond the flashing at least.
What was used by some friends, how many friends?
Not knowing she still headed down the garden she was grateful that her brother was down in his cave playing war games or something. The embarrassment of him seeing her naked and covered in cum the other night still made her blush every time he looked at her but thankfully "A" had made sure he would keep quiet, maybe he has something on Andrew as well she thought.
At the bottom of the garden Sue put on her blindfold, hung her gown over the fence, and naked she got on all fours and waited wondering what was in store for her tonight. Although a little nervous Sue could feel her arousal climbing from the anticipation she also knew that although in the dark at the end of the garden she was still stark naked and outside, these factors soon had her pussy drooling.
Once the small group had crept close enough to be able to see the naked girl in the semi darkness Andrew held his hand up stopping them all, from watching Sue over the last few weeks he had learnt that she enjoyed the anticipation so he held back for a few long minutes. Andrew opened and closed the gate so that he could maintain the impression that he had come from next door, the group of five men stood around the naked girl, they had all been instructed to say absolutely nothing.
Sue heard the gate and could sense the presence of someone near her, she couldn't tell how many though, she had been instructed that she was not to speak during these nightly trips to the end of the garden so she remained silent.
Sue gasped as a warm hand tentatively gripped one of her breasts taking her by surprise, she was soon groaning as another hand took the other breast, her nipples were pulled and tweaked, then the sensation of a mouth at her pussy and a tongue flicking across her already swollen and sensitive clit.
A cock was pushed into her mouth, not "A" she thought smaller than him, Sue sucked the cock hard taking it into her mouth and with a swallow she started to deep throat, if she was going to be used like a slut she may as well act like one.
Sue was getting her face roughly fucked and she was loving it, she had her first climax as she felt a cock spear her from behind, for the first time she was taking two cocks one each end. She felt a splash of hot cum hit her face followed by three more squirts, someone had been saving up she thought. The cock in her mouth was quickly replaced with another, Sue thought that makes three, and she hadn't taken "A" yet.
Sue was fucked in both her pussy and mouth continuously for the next hour she had no idea how many men she was entertaining as the cocks kept cumming, the teenagers recovered quickly especially as they were getting a very explicit floor show. Andrew had stood back so far as he had a plan to finish the evening off. He also had decided he needed a way to do this somewhere that was better lit, as the dark of the night so far from the house meant that not much was actually visible in detail and he wanted to study the perfect naked female in much more detail.
Andrew finally knelt behind his sister, he slowly began to fuck her, hearing her groan as he stretched her well used hole. Tom was knelt at her face, with his third erection which Sue was sucking on greedily. Andrew withdrew his cock, now covered in cum, his sisters and his friends. Lining his rock hard cock up with sues arsehole Andrew gently pushed stopping when his cock head had entered sues tight arsehole.
Sue could feel her arsehole stretching to accommodate A's cock, she couldn't escape as her head was being held by whoever she was sucking off, she felt both nipples again being squeezed and her breasts massaged and she groaned. Sue had never had her bottom fucked, she was amazed as she felt herself stretch to take this hard cock, again she could feel the pressure as her lover began to slowly push deeper.
Andrew watched as his cock slowly slid into his sisters arsehole, as he reached about half way he felt her shudder, he could feel the strong squeeze of her internal muscles as they almost crushed his cock, she was cumming he realised, he continued to push watching her closely he saw and felt that she orgasmed twice more before he was finally buried to the hilt. Andrew had to pause as he was close to coming himself, but once he had regained some measure of control he began to fuck his sister's arse with long deep strokes.
If not for the cock in her mouth Sue would have been shrieking, not from pain as she had expected but from sheer pleasure, with every stroke of the cock in her arsehole she shuddered and was coming continuously why the fuck have I not done this before she thought. As Andrew fucked her harder and faster approaching his own orgasm Sue had a massive climax her muscles again gripping down on Andrews cock caused him to fill her virgin passage with hot cum, Tom watching the scene exploded in her mouth.
Sue was laying trembling in the grass when she realised that she was alone, she heard the faint beep of her phone, and clawed off the blindfold, rolling on to her back she looked up at the night sky, a smile on her face, I could get used to that she thought. Hanging the blindfold back up before she walked back towards the house.
Sue had showered washing a copious amount of cum from her body and pussy, how many guys had there been she wondered, wrapped in a towel Sue sat on her bed, she was tired but still on a high from the evening, who would have thought she could be so excited by being used, a true slut she thought.
Sue was about to go to bed having relived most of the evening over again in her mind, she couldn't believe she was feeling horney again but also a bit tender so she left herself alone, slipped under her duvet and soon fell asleep.
Andrew opened the door to the postman the next morning, he signed for several packages and took them back down into his cave as his family now called his cellar room.
He had been on eBay a few times and was pleased to see some of his purchases had arrived, one in particular that he had been looking forward to. He checked the camera and saw that Sue was still asleep, his parents had already left for the day, and Christina had stayed with friends last night. Taking a small bundle with him he went to the blindfold nail, and hung up the scarlet bundle before running back to his room.
Beep; there is a package for you where the blindfold is, you will dress only in what the package contains except for foot wear which you can choose after your next instruction, once dressed stand in the window and wait.
Sue, quickly washed and misunderstanding the message still naked she went down the garden, she was late up and her parents had left already, Andrew she guessed would be still asleep he never seemed to leave his cave, probably gaming and wanking over porn as normal she thought. But the walk down the garden naked and this time in day light was invigorating to say the least.
Hung on the nail was a small red bag, she didn't look inside but having collected it she hurried back to her room via the kitchen for a glass of OJ. She listened very careful for any sounds that would mean her brother was approaching as she crept through the house but heard nothing, the excitement from possibly being caught naked again had her heart racing.
Once the door to her room was closed behind her she pulled out the items from the bag, it took her a few minutes to realise that there was also a small piece of paper, it explained that the very small bundle of red string was in fact a bikini and she now had the fitting instructions, also in the bag was a beach wrap, very sheer and not very big.
Sue followed the instructions and managed to work out how the bikini fitted, with it on she looked at herself in the mirror.
Andrew watched smiling as his sister put on the bikini, he had seen some like it on a porn site and after some searching he had found one on eBay. It consisted of string only, the bikini bottoms were made from a string around sues waist knotted at each hip, there was a string that went front to back attached to the waist string, in effect a string that would disappear down between her pussy lips and back up between the cheeks of her bottom, nothing else no material just a thin line of string less than 10mm thick. The top was the same just string, with it in place Sue had a triangle of the bright red string around each breast, her tits were in no way covered up, and the red string just highlighted them. Sue adjusted the string between her moist pussy lips until it ran through the centre of her slit, her lips opening like a flower either side of the now hidden string as her hanging lips began to swell with her arousal. Sue tied the beach wrap around herself, it covered from just above her breasts to only just below her pussy, it was very sheer and she could see the red string through it, she could also make out her nipples and the darker line of her pussy slit. Now dressed as instructed she stood at the window and waited, staring into the darkness of the opposite window.
Andrew looked at his sister, he wasn't sure that he could go through with his plan, he hadn't realised quite how little Sue would be wearing or quite how exposed she would be, maybe she would refuse him for the first time, he didn't know what to do. Eventually he decided that he would leave it up to her, he needed to remain in charge, and if she turned him down he could then offer up something as a punishment.
Beep; you will pack a bag with a towel and sun screen, make yourself some sandwiches and a drink as well, you will walk to the bus stop just passed the pub and you will take the 10 AM bus to Heather Point. The driver will let you know where this is. The towel will be to lay on at the beach, at no point may you use it to cover yourself. Once you arrive at Heather Point I will instruct you further.
Andrew made it to the 9:30 bus, he had once passed Heather Point on his way into town, Tom had told him that there were some secluded pathways down to a sheltered bay below, only a small beach but because it was sandy it was popular with the locals, but being so secluded it was never overly packed, Tom had mentioned that some girls went topless there which is why Andrew had remembered it.
Sue didn't want to wait to long for the bus dressed as she was, although she had begun to enjoy her exposure of late this was the least that she had ever been out in public wearing and she felt a little uneasy, she timed it so that she only had to wait a few minutes before it arrived. With her bag over her shoulder she climbed on, the bus driver stared at her as she waited for her ticket but Sue was enjoying the attention she was getting from him and once she had paid she picked a seat which was as close to the driver as possible so that she would remain visible to the driver for the journey. Throughout the short journey Sue adjusted her wrap a few times, the wrap kept falling away once she was sat down to reveal a lot of her bare flesh which gave the driver something to look at, Sue questioned him about where her destination was enjoying teasing the older man.
The day was bright and the temperature was already rising nicely when Sue stepped off the bus at Heather Point, she had obviously never been here before, looking around she found herself next to a large area of grass with heathers and trees dotted around, across the grass was the cliff top presumable above the coast, Sue knew they lived near the sea she hadn't realised quite how close until now.
Andrew watched hidden amongst some bushes a few metres away from his sister, now that she was stood in bright sunlight her wrap was very sheer, even from this distance he could see that her nipples where erect, a sudden gust of gentle wind caused sues wrap to flutter, Andrew felt his cock stiffen as her smooth pussy came briefly into view.
Beep; you will walk across the grass towards the left, there you will find a gravel path that will take you down to the beach below, once on the beach you will find a spot just above the water line and as near the middle of the bay as possible.
Andrew had already checked out the beach while he waited for his sister, there were only two small groups of people down there, one at either end of the small bay, there were two routes down, he had sent his sister that way because it would mean she had to pass a group of four men, the group on the other end of the bay was made up of two couples.
As soon as Sue had disappeared from sight Andrew headed quickly for the other path, he had found a small area above the main beach where he could look down on his sister, which was why he had been so detailed in where she was to sit, if she was too close to the cliff he wouldn't be able to see her, and in the centre of the beach he should be almost directly above her, there was also enough cover to keep him well hidden.
Andrew reached his spot before Sue had appeared, he settled down behind the low scrub, and watched the area where he knew she would appear, she was walking too slowly.
Beep; to slow, you will remove your wrap now and put it in your bag, keep your bag over your shoulder and behind you, I want a nice view.
Andrew couldn't yet see his sister but he knew the group of men could as they all turned to look, probably alerted by one of the group, Andrew couldn't hear from this distance, a few moments later he too saw his sister, from where Andrew was he could only just make out the thin red strings, she appeared almost nude.
Sue received her message and put her wrap in her bag as instructed she also put on her sun glasses. Sue could see the sand ahead only a short distance away, strangely the strings gave her some comfort feeling as though she wore something at least, the fact that her breasts and pussy were completely uncovered was not lost on her, she could already feel her pussy getting slick with juices partly from the exposure but also from the rubbing she was receiving from the soft string that ran between her spread pussy lips and across her swollen clit as she walked.
Sue had reached within a few steps of the sandy beach when she saw the small group of men sat on towels near the end of the foot path, they all turned to look at her as she approached. She could feel herself dripping as she walked past them already close to orgasm from the string, suddenly finding four pairs of eyes studying her near nudity pushed her over the edge, she stumbled slightly as she had a small climax but managed to quickly recover and move onwards.
Following her instructions Sue walked down to the water line and stopped at roughly the centre of the beach, she could see another group at the far end, the men she had passed were still visible but the distance meant she could no longer see them in detail so Sue assumed that they could no longer see her in detail either, a good thing she thought as her thighs were slick and shone with her pussy juices.
Sue spread her towel and sat facing the sea, she looked down at herself and saw how much her pussy was showing, the mixture of the walking and her own wetness had opened up her pussy, the red string had disappeared completely between her fleshy lips, no wonder the men had been looking she looked positively pornographic.
As Sue sat she noticed the group of men, had decided to move closer, she wasn't surprised bearing in mind that she was mostly naked, they stopped a little way from her another six steps and they would have been sharing a towel. Sue lay back to enjoy the warmth of the sun on her skin, no point in being coy now she thought, firstly they had seen everything she had and secondly Sue knew they would be seeing more once her instructions came as she was sure that they would.
Andrew let his sister relax, he could see her perfectly from where he was sat hidden from sight. As he had hoped the group of men had followed her, any man would have. Andrew waited for a few more minutes before his first instruction.
Beep; rub sun cream on to yourself, pay special attention to your breasts and pussy, make this a show for your neighbours, they have followed you to get a better look so make sure you give them one, take your time but do not do your back that will come afterwards.
Sue reached for her bag, although it was a bit obvious she knew that touching herself as horney as she now was would ease some of her pent up feelings, squeezing a large handful of cream out she began to massage her bare breasts, feeling the nipples harden under her hands Sue was soon groaning with pleasure, her audience almost forgotten. Working her way down across her stomach Sue made sure she gave her pussy attention as instructed, by the time she finished she was gasping for breath and her pussy had been creamed in more than one way.
Andrew watched from above, his sister really seemed to be embracing life as a slut, she had just rubbed herself to orgasm in front of four complete strangers, he hadn't planned to get her to do that for quite some while, and he would have to revise his plans to keep up with his wayward sister. Andrew gave Sue half an hour of sun before deciding she needed to roll over.
Beep; time for your back to be done, ask if one of your neighbours would be kind enough to cream your back, once whoever comes over starts you must tell him to be sure he doesn't miss anywhere.
Andrew watched as Sue sat up her bottle of sun screen in hand.
Could one of you kind gentlemen rub some sun cream into my back please Sue called, she watched as they all looked at each other before one man stood up and walked the last few steps, taking the offered bottle he sank to his knees next to her waist as Sue stretched out on to her stomach
Please make sure you get everywhere I wouldn't want to get burnt she said, the man squeezed cream directly onto her back the cold made her jump a little, soon his strong rough hands were making her groan as he massaged the cream in deeply with strong fingers. Slowly he worked downwards towards her buttocks.
Beep; as he approaches your bum, move your legs wider apart show him that you want to be touched.
Sue shielded her phone as she read the message, placing her phone next to her again she relaxed enjoying the man's hands on her skin. When she felt the first brush of fingers on her bottom Sue opened her legs, just a few inches but enough to be sure the man knew what she did want, Sue thought that she would probably have opened up without the message. Slowly the hands circled her bum, with every sweep they moved closer to her cleft.
Beep; take off your shades and look directly at the three men watching you, make eye contact with them and maintain it, when he touches your cunt groan and be obvious of your enjoyment.
Sue slipped of her sun glasses, and turning her head faced the three men watching her, they weren't looking at her face that's for sure, picking one man she looked at him waiting for him to notice her, when a finger traced the line of her string up the full length of her pussy Sue did groan, her eyes met with the man she was watching and Sue groaned again.
Sue looked to the next man again he was watching his friends hands but still Sue looked, she bit her lip as she felt the string being pulled out of her sticky pussy and pulled to one side, her pussy was now open to his invading fingers, Sue knew he was now looking at her pink inner pussy. Two fat fingers slick with sun cream easily impaled her, sue pushed back trembling as she neared another orgasm, the other hand reached under her and began rubbing her clit that did it, she shuddered to a climax and groaned when the man continued his assault on her over sensitive pussy.
Reluctantly the man left her sodden pussy and continued down each leg, Sue was left trembling on the edge of yet another orgasm barely able to think, she managed to say thank you as the man finished her feet, his own arousal was evident by the large tent in his beach shorts, pulling his towel over towards him he sat back down, right next to Sue as she recovered from her orgasm in the sun.
Sue lay on her stomach as the group of men began to make small talk, they all moved over to join their friend soon Sue was circled by the four men, she had the do you come here often delivered, which got a laugh from all of the group, Sue found herself relaxing and enjoying their company, she loved the attention she was receiving, all four men making her the centre of their attention.
As mid-day approached a few more people arrived, the nearest was a small group of 20 something's, two girls within the group were topless, they sat down only about 10 metres away. Sue could see the gestures and knew that they were talking about her bikini, but as the morning had passed she had come to enjoy her state of undress, and there had been no complaints from anyone, her arousal had been kept up, bubbling on the verge of orgasm. Sue decided that despite the fact she was being forced to carry out these acts and dress like a depraved slut she was in fact having the time of her life, Sue smiled and possibly for the first time with complete honesty thought that this was the life for her, frequent orgasms and constant arousal was something she could and would embrace whole heartedly from now on.
Beep; roll over on to your back, hold up the sun cream and ask who's next, not the first guy if he tries, all of them must get one go at least.
Sue did as she was told luckily the first man didn't try to take another go, now on her back Sue made sure that her legs were well parted, her puffy lips obvious, the string still to the side, deciding herself that she wanted to remove what little she had on, she pulled the knots of her bikini and shoved the small bundle of red string in to her bag, reclining completely naked as the man started the massage at her shoulders.
When he began on her tits Sue moaned feeling the temperature between her thighs building yet again, pulling on her nipples made them rock hard and almost painful. As he moved downwards across her flat stomach Sue couldn't help herself she looked to one of the others and said please play with my tits almost begging to be touched.
With her breasts again being massaged and the other hands nearing her pussy Sue's excitement continued to build, her pussy was dripping by the time a finger again parted her meaty folds, as soon as she felt a finger rub her clit she exploded her hips rising off her towel as she came hard, the massage continued her sensitive pussy causing her to tremble with every touch as she climbed rapidly towards yet another climax.
Andrew watched from his perch as his sister was groped by the two guys, he had already realised that she seemed to have a huge capacity for orgasm's he had researched and knew his sister was unusual, could she be described as a nymphomaniac? Andrew wondered if he had released a sexual monster. He also knew that her nipples and clit were extremely sensitive and she could come repeatedly from having her arse fucked, he decided that she would enjoy tomorrow's plan even though it had cost him most of his savings.
Andrew left his sister alone for a while, every half an hour he had her turn over and the last few times all four guys had given her an 8 handed massage, there was no chance that she was getting sun burnt her coverage was complete, she had lost count of the amount of times she had come, when the time came for the four guys to leave Sue thanked them for being so helpful, she added that she hoped to see them another time.
Beep; you have done well today, a total slut, you may get the bus home now but you may not dress until you can see the bus stop. Once you have paid you may choose which ever seat you wish, but once you have sat down you will undo your wrap and bare yourself, you may cover up just before leaving the bus.
Sue stood up and folded her towel, making sure her wrap was on top she pushed the towel into her bag, she then walked back towards then path, the eyes of everyone she passed watched her as she walked naked. Sue met no one on the path which she was surprised to find disappointed her. Once she could see the bus stop she wrapped her beach wrap around herself not bothering with the bikini. Andrew watched as his sister got onto the bus, he was disappointed he wouldn't know if she did as she was told or not on the ride home as he had to wait for the next bus.
Sue paid the driver again her body was checked out, it was fairly obvious that she was naked other than the thin wrap, two older ladies sat at the front of the bus but there was no one at the back so Sue went and sat in the back corner, she did as instructed and undid her wrap. Sue again enjoying the risk of discovery, none of the other passengers looked round but if they had her bare breasts were above the seat line. Sue waited until she knew the bus was about to stop before covering herself, again disappointed that she hadn't been caught.