All of my writing is fiction and the stories and characters are all products of my imagination. They were created for my fun and, hopefully, your enjoyment. Some of the events in the stories are not particularly condoned nor encouraged by the author but are there to create and enhance the story of the imaginary characters and their lives. Comments are always encouraged and carefully reviewed. Enjoy!
*****
Celeste's day had started at 3:30 am with the obnoxious buzzing of her alarm clock rather than the gentle kiss she usually got from David to wake her up. His work starting time was 8:00 am while hers was 9:00 am so he could wake her as he was ready to leave which was much more pleasant than the annoying sound of the alarm. But, today was day one of one of her infrequent business trips so she had gotten up, showered and dressed, grabbed her luggage and headed for the airport. She would be the suggested two hours early so she had skipped breakfast knowing that the two hours usually amounted to an actual check-in time of 30 minutes or so which would leave plenty of time for a leisurely breakfast. After that things had gone about as well as they usually do at airports these days and she had boarded on time and headed for her seat only to badly fumble her carry-on trying to put it in the overhead, but had been saved by a rather handsome gentleman who caught it on the way down and stashed it easily as she gave him a big smile and a thank you. Unfortunately, he was seated three rows behind her so she wouldn't have his company during the flight.
When she had arrived at her destination, she had quickly found a taxi and gotten to her meeting site a little ahead of the start of the first session so she was able to freshen up a little before beginning the long and, hopefully, not so boring day. She had eyed herself in the restroom mirror, rearranging her almost black hair carefully so that the moderate cut she wore looked casual and relaxed. The deep maroon dress she had on was not exactly tight, but she thought it just tight enough so that any man she was dealing with could easily recognize the excellent figure hiding beneath it. Her philosophy was not exactly, "if you got it, flaunt it," but rather, "if you got it, use it." No one questioned using your brain power to get an advantage and beauty and brain power were both birth gifts so she had no qualms nor regrets about being very attractive. She considered herself attractive and not beautiful, despite what David always told her about her being beautiful. Satisfied with how she looked, she went to the first meetings.
The first day of the conference had been set up in four, two-hour sessions with a five minute break in the middle of the two hours and an hour for lunch. At least the presenters were very capable and also, very entertaining and, on occasion, humorous as well. She interacted with the other conferees, smiling, teasing when it seemed appropriate. She was just trying to get through this first day since she was aware that the second day would be training sessions that could be extremely helpful to her.
At last, the final session was over. actually 30 minutes early as the presenter obviously had a cold and wasn't feeling well and was anxious to get away. Celeste gathered up all her papers, stuffed them in her rather small but fashionable briefcase/purse, and headed for the lobby where she had left her suitcase and carry-on. She gathered them up and headed outside where It was very pleasant. She debated about calling a cab even though it was only about two blocks to her hotel. After some thought, she decided she'd walk and relax after the long day, realizing that she had already been awake for 12 hours. But she was looking forward to getting a good meal and then relaxing in her room, probably with her Kindle and a new good book that she'd load in this evening, perhaps one that was a little erotic since she'd have three evenings to finish it. And, of course, she'd face time with David sometime during her evening.
As she came through the front door of the hotel, she saw the desk clerk motion and, quickly, a bell boy was at her side, taking the rolling suitcase and the carry-on up to the counter for her.
"Good evening, ma'am," the rather handsome desk clerk said as she arrived, "I assume you're checking in," and he was obviously checking out her boobs as he spoke. But she didn't mind and was used to it. In fact, she rather enjoyed it, that she was able to entertain men just because of the way she looked, without having to use her brain at all.
"Yes sir," she replied. "Celeste Rowland." She watched the clerk check his computer, then glance over at her.
"What?" was her instant response.
"No big problem, Ms. Rowland. It's just that we had two of our housekeeping staff call off sick today. You know, the flu that's going around, and it's created a little delay in getting some of the rooms cleaned to our strict standards. Hang on just one second." He picked up the phone and spoke quietly enough that she couldn't hear. "Ahh," he continued, smiling at her. It should be about 15 minutes and I'm horribly sorry for the inconvenience. Let me do this. I'll have your bags taken to the room so you won't have to bother with them and, here's a voucher for a free drink in our bar while you wait. Again, so very sorry."
She smirked at him to display her mild displeasure but, a free drink at the bar while she waited might be worth the 15-minute delay. Her bags were whisked away and she headed for the bar, deciding she'd enjoy herself a little so she quickly unbuttoned the top two buttons on her dress to display a little of her more than ample cleavage that she hoped would keep the bartender entertained and willing to stay and perhaps talk with her. She wasn't quite sure why she did it, at least not totally sure. She just knew that when she was out by herself, particularly on her infrequent business trip, she was not quite the very conservative Celeste that she was when out with David or at work. Not that she didn't show a little more skin than usual at some parties they attended, usually at his urging, but never anything that could be called "over the top". Maybe it was because she had recently turned 30 and she just wanted to be sure she still "had it" and could torment men a little with what she had. No matter what it was, it was, and she usually enjoyed it.
The bartender, who had been very busy polishing some glasses, now saw her sitting by herself and approached, smiling, and had no qualms about looking at the newly revealed cleavage, knowing that she obviously had unbuttoned the two buttons with a purpose. "Yes ma'am, what can I get for you?" He was a little heavy but one more good looking man in her day, and she knew she would enjoy her short time here at the bar.
"I have this voucher," she said, tossing it out in front of her. "Any suggestions?" She raised her eyebrows as she said it, sure that he had a couple that he dared not mention.
He smiled at her and glanced at the voucher. "Well," he said, "this will get you anything you want here, absolutely anything. You might as well take advantage of it while you can." He looked at the voucher again, then back at her, or rather at her cleavage which was fine with her - that's why she'd unbuttoned those two buttons. "Since I'm sure you'll want to take full advantage of this, let me suggest one of my special Zombies."
"Sounds sinister and exotic," she said in a half-whisper.
The bartender leaned in closer to her and she leaned forward just a bit to meet him, allowing her dress to fall away a little more freely. He whispered back, "it is, it is indeed, but ooohhhh so good," all the while looking down her front where she was sure he could see not only ample skin but the lacy white bra she was wearing as well. One last look and then, tearing himself away he said, "I'll fix it."
He was gone a couple of minutes which allowed her to eye the other two men at the bar but one was on his cell phone and the other was absentmindedly looking around, obviously not interested in ogling her. Surprisingly the bartend was quickly back and sat a tall, colorful glass down in front of her.
"Try it," he said.
She took a sip. It was very tasty and certainly packed a small wallop as it thumped into her empty stomach. "You've done wonders," she said softly, smiling at the bartended who obviously wanted to linger, chat and gawk a little more but the cell phone guy was finished and was gesturing for him to come down that way.
"Sorry," he said and was off to the other end of the bar.
She took another sip and wasn't sure just what was in the drink except she decided that it must be mostly alcohol. Two more slightly larger sips, and her head was beginning to get a very pleasant buzz. The guy could fix a mean drink for sure, probably hoping that she'd be too drunk to resist as he reached down the front of her dress and fondled her breast. Another gulp that emptied the glass and she was sure he was planning to play with her tits and nipples to his heart's content. She knew that her fantasies got the best of her when she was drinking but, whatever.
With that a young voice beside her said, "Ms. Rowland, your room is ready. Again, apologies for the delay. I can show you to it if you'd like."
Her quick glance showed that he was a little too young so she took the key envelope from him and stumbled off her stool toward the elevator, the young bell boy smiling after her. At the elevator she squinted at the envelope, noting that 508 was her room number. The elevator door was just opening and three elderly ladies, chatting briskly stepped out and Celeste stepped in, being very careful to hold on as she did. She pressed the five button, the elevator moved and soon she heard a ding as it stopped and the doors opened. She stepped out carefully, eyed the little sign on the wall and followed the arrow that pointed toward 501-520.
At the door with the big 508 sign beside it she carefully took the plastic key from its envelope, checked the arrow and slid it gently into the slot. She heard a click and the green light flashed - sure enough the door was open and she went inside. She smiled as she noted her rolling case and her carryon bag sitting beside the couch. It was a pleasant room, quite large by the standards she was used to since the company had booked the room for her. It wasn't quite a suite but plenty large enough for her.
Now what, she thought, looking around. She wanted to go downstairs and get some dinner but thought she might wait a while to let some of the effects of the Zombie wear off. She opened her briefcase and took out her computer, deciding that maybe she should check her email. As she sat the computer on the desk and pushed the little button to allow it to boot up, a light blinked in her brain, and a sly smile came across her face. She walked to the window and looked out. Surprisingly, even on the fifth floor, she was still high above everything spread out in front of her. Were she on the other side of the building, that wouldn't be the case, as that side faced the downtown section of the city.
She went back to the computer and saw that it was booted and ready and the sly little smile returned. "Why not?" she said out loud. She felt her body begin to tingle. She carefully clicked on the video camera link and saw the little yellow light at the top of the screen of her laptop turn on and, then she was on the screen as well. She took a deep breath, stood up and carefully clicked record button.
"Hi honey," she said in as sultry a voice as she could manage. "I miss you and hope you miss me too so I decided to send you something to remember me by and hope it helps you enjoy your evening." With that she began unbuttoning the remaining buttons on her dress, shrugged her shoulders and felt it slip off onto the floor. Now standing there in just a bra, lacy panties, pantyhose and shoes, she smiled. Carefully she reached around and unclipped the bra, holding it in place for several long seconds, then letting it slide off to join the dress on the floor. David always told her that it didn't matter whether she had on a bra or not, her breasts stood up and looked exactly the same. Seeing them on the computer screen she had to agree. And, of course, those nipples. Always long and full, they were growing as she watched so she pulled on them gently for David's benefit. Always super sensitive, the pulling caused electric shocks to race up and down her body. "I wish that was you pulling on them," she huskily said as she was getting further wound up just thinking about what she was doing.
She slid the panties off and then, very slowly, the pantyhose, letting them stay around her ankles as she was still in her three inch heels which she knew David loved. She finally kicked off the shoes and brushed the hose aside with her foot - she was totally naked. She turned and pulled a pillow from the top of the bad, sat down on the bed and leaned back against the pillow. "I wish this was you," she said, her pussy thrust up toward the video camera. She spread her legs as wide as she could comfortably get them, then slid one finger down her cleft to the bottom where, not surprisingly, she found herself to be very wet. She pumped that finger in and out several times, then spread that cleft and used the now wet finger to begin circling her clit. She was amazed at how good it felt, her body charged by what she was doing, and the finger began moving faster. Her mind was working and she decided that rather than stop now, she'd keep going till she orgasmed as she knew David would love that. Then, after dinner she could just curl up in bed and read.
It was only a few more seconds and she felt the fire growing between her legs, her body taking charge, rendering her totally in its control. She felt herself begin to twist, then vibrate and then the jerking as the intense feeling overwhelmed her with wonder and shear unbounded ecstasy. She was moaning, "Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes . . . ". and then a final. "oh yes." She raised her head and looked at the camera. "Hope you enjoyed it, honey. I know I certainly did. Anxious to get home. Love you and bye now." She reached out and stopped the recording, then turned off the camera.
Anxious now, she saved the video to her hard drive under "hotel", then signed onto her email account. She clicked the compose button, then went to the address book and there was David's email,. She was still trembling from the orgasm and buzzing from the Zombie as she clicked on the address and in the subject line typed, "hope you enjoy" then in the message portion said, "especially for you." She clicked the attachment link, added the "hotel" as the attachment, then quickly hit send. She was excited to hear his response.
But she still needed to get dinner. Shower now or later, she wondered. Deciding to get ahead and get it over with so she could sleep in a little later tomorrow morning, she went into the bathroom and jumped quickly under the hot shower since she was already naked. She let the hot water run over her body, relaxing her and soothing her after the fiery session she'd just been through. She continued to smile to herself as she thought about what she had done. What else, she wondered?
She finally decided she was clean enough, and relaxed enough and she turned off the shower and dried carefully with the wonderful fluffy towels the hotel provided. Then to her suitcase to decide what to wear to dinner. She lifted the top layers until she found the pair of yellow slacks she was looking for. She loved them as they were, well, very tight. She slipped on a pair of underwear, then the slacks and checked herself in the mirror.
"Shit," she mumbled as the underwear lines were clearly visible under the pants. "No problem though." She slid the slacks down, took the underwear off and tossed them in the suitcase for tomorrow morning. Now the pants were back on and she smiled - no lines at all. Now for the satiny green blouse. No panties, then no bra either she thought, and put the blouse on. Of course, there were two lumps in the middle of her chest but she was used to that. A pair of low-heeled shoes and she was ready. The buzz had pretty much disappeared so she grabbed her little fanny pack, threw in the room keys, her drivers license in case someone needed ID, her cell phone and her credit card. A last look in the mirror and she was off.
Celeste was feeling a lot more stable as she rode the elevator to the first floor and walked to the restaurant. Expecting a Maitre D, she instead got a very cute but decidedly short hostess whose eyes were about nipple height and who obviously noted the lumps on her green blouse.
"Good evening, ma'am." The little blond gestured around the restaurant. "Do you have a preference? As you can see, we're too crowded yet."
Celeste thought a second. "Maybe that one right over there," she said, gesturing to a booth that faced the door. It might be interesting to see who was coming and going. Blondie's chunky rear end led her to the table and handed her a menu.
"Sandy will be over in just a second to take care of you." She smiled, glanced again at the green blouse, then flitted away to greet two gentlemen who had just come through the door.
Hmmm, Celeste thought. Sandy could be either male or female, most likely female. Oh well, so be it. She planned to enjoy her expense account meal. She wasn't too daring when it came to food, preferring to play it safe with things she knew she liked. She also knew she could order about anything she wanted and not have her expense report questioned. That is, of course, unless she ordered a $100 bottle of wine or something. Quickly Sandy was there, female as she had guessed, but very pleasant and attractive for someone Celeste guessed to be in her 50's.
"Any questions about the menu?" she said quietly.
"I don't think so. I'm not a complicated eater so," she paused, "so let me just order the T-bone steak prepared medium with the twice baked potato it says you're famous for and a nice tossed salad with Ranch dressing." She smiled up at Sandy and handed her the menu.
"You'll love the Ranch dressing. Our chef prepares it freshly each day."
"Sounds wonderful. Oh, I saw you have Gewürztraminer. Maybe I'll have a glass of that."
"Lovely choice," Sandy added, took the menu and was gone, but was back in what seemed like seconds with the glass of wine. Celeste had debated about the wine but finally decided she had fully recovered from the Zombie and really wanted a free glass of good wine. After a few sips she realized she still had a very empty stomach and the gentle buzz was returning. It was actually very pleasant so she sipped some more.
Before long, Sandy approached with a fairly large salad. She sat it in front of Celeste and leaned over. "Let me know what you think of the dressing - I love it."
Almost reluctantly, Celeste carefully took a bite of the salad. "Holy shit," she exclaimed, "that's fantastic, and pardon my language." It was as good as she'd ever tasted.
"No problem," Sandy replied. "Glad you're enjoying it." She drifted off toward the kitchen as Celeste devoured the salad, happy to get something in her stomach to counteract the wine. With nearly perfect timing Sandy reappeared with her dinner as she was finishing the delightful salad.
"Tell me if the steak is cooked to your liking," Sandy suggested.
Celeste cut through the steak and took a bite on her fork. It was just as she liked it. "Perfect," she said, making the little o with her thumb and forefinger.
"Let me know if you need anything else," Sandy said and slipped away leaving Celeste to enjoy her dinner. She did enjoy the dinner, the deliciously tender steak and the enticingly delicious double baked potato. She finished them all and also her wine as Sandy appeared with her check. Celeste gave her the credit card, signed when she returned, adding a $10 tip. She'd be back a couple more nights and was planning for good service each of those nights as well.
She carefully folded the bill and put it in the fanny pack and headed for her room. She was super anxious to see David's reaction to the video, and her own reaction when she heard his. In the room she took her cell phone from the fanny pack and sat on the edge of the bed. She punched in David's number, hit facetime, and on the third ring he answered.
"Hey, honey, how's it going?" She could see a big smile on her phone.
"Normal", she responded, "fairly boring today but the next two should be better. How's things at your place?"
"Eh, pretty boring without you here. You know I always miss you when you're gone."
Strange, she thought. Maybe he hasn't checked his email. Then, a quick idea. "Hey, I was expected the bill from the cable company. Can you check your email to see if it's there yet?"
"Just checked the email a while ago but let me try again." She could see him moving and looking down at his computer screen. "Nope, not here yet."
Was he teasing her or had he really not gotten her email. She knew that sometimes messages used to get delayed but not much anymore. They talked for a while longer, about general things while she could hardly keep her mind on what he was saying and how she should reply.
"Get a good night's sleep and I look forward to talking to you tomorrow," he finally said.,
"Thanks, hon. You too." Each made a kissing sound and they hung up.
Celeste crossed to the desk and flipped on the computer again. After a few seconds it had awakened so she loaded her email again and immediately clicked on Sent Mail and leaned in so she could see the small print.
Suddenly she couldn't breathe. She was gasping and her eyes were watering. Her heart was racing like it was trying to escape from her chest. She felt herself breaking out with sweat. She tried to take a deep breath, wiping her eyes as she did and squinted at the screen again. She wanted to run around the room screaming "NOOOO" as loud as she could, but she couldn't. There was no doubt - the last email sent was not sent tobut rather to. She had sent that video to her boss, the vice president of the company. She only had that email because sometimes he wanted things sent to this personal address rather that his company mail so it wouldn't show up there.
Oh god, she was fired, she was going to jail, she'd have to register as a sexual predator for the rest of her life. David would divorce her, no one would hire her - she'd be homeless. She jumped up and paced around the room. Why had she been so stupid as to make that video? Why had she sent it to Ron? She sat down at the computer and went to her address book. Why had she gotten so drunk before dinner? Sure enough, the two names were right together. After her orgasm she was still trembling and breathing hard. If she'd just waited a while this wouldn't have happened.
Sick of looking at the address book she subconsciously flipped back to her inbox. As she was starting to get up something caught her eye. She looked again. It was an email from. He would be telling her she was fired, to not come to the office again and they'd send her things to her house. She stared at it for long seconds, then minutes, trying to get the courage to open it. She shook her head and with trembling hand, clicked on the email. Her mind was racing.
Hi Celeste,it began. What the hell was that? That's not how you begin a note to fire someone. Oh shit, maybe he'd want me to come to his office so he could have sex with me on that big desk of his.
She was out of control but read on.
Hope the conference is going well. Looking at the itinerary it seemed a little boring for today but the next two should be a lot better. I think you'll enjoy them and I am looking forward to your report.
By the way, I did receive your obviously mis-sent email and, much to your chagrin I'm sure, Maggie and I enjoyed watching it but were admittedly worried about your reaction should you have found it was sent to me rather than David. It certainly didn't upset either of us at all and, to help you recover from the shock, I've attached a video that Maggie sent to me on one of my recent trips. Seems to be a popular pastime.
Enjoy the rest of the conference and, don't worry. The video is secure and neither it nor anything about it will be shared with anyone else.
Regards,
Ron
She read it a second time. Her breathing was slowing and she seemed to have stopped sweating. Life would go on, even though Ron Davis now knew what she looked like naked - another deep breath - and how she sounded and looked when she orgasmed. Always an optimist, she hoped that maybe that would help when raise and promotion time came. She was amazed at how fast she was recovering. Another deep breath and she clicked on the attachment.
Her video app came up, paused for a few seconds and then there was Maggie Davis, smiling and telling Ron and now her what was going to happen. Slowly she stripped until she was standing there totally naked, just as Celeste had been just a few hours ago. And, she could see why David seemed so fascinated with Maggie. She might be a few years older than we are but her body was magnificent. Her breasts were above average size and stuck straight out from her chest. Her waist was surprisingly small and that area between her legs was smooth and bare. Then, in almost an exact replication of what Celeste had done, Maggie lay back on the bed and fingered herself to a marvelous orgasm. She sat up, smiled, and the video ended.
Were they even now? For Celeste knew that she would certainly take the video, show it to David and then explain what had happened. She was sure that, for him, seeing Maggie naked was more than an even trade for Ron seeing her naked. She knew that he hinted once in a while that she was such a delicious number that it was a shame that other men couldn't see that too. She felt a little twinge of excitement.
She smiled and went to her email that was still up. She was very, very careful to click on the correct email address this time, checked it twice more and then attached the video of her. Maggie could wait till she got home and could see his reaction. She clicked send and it was on its way again.
Since she had sweat so much during her ordeal, she decided she needed another shower. This time she stood in the hot spray for long minutes, running over in her mind all that had happened since she had gotten to the hotel. It seemed like a whole lifetime. She dried slowly and went to the bed, trying to decide what to sleep in. She couldn't help it - she sat down at the computer and pulled up the email with the attachment. She was careful to save it to her hard drive. Then she watched it again. When it finished, she went to the other recently recorded video and watched it. Body-wise, she had nothing to be ashamed of, even when she compared herself to Maggie. Orgasm-wise they were both pretty mind-blowing. Maggie jerked and vibrated a little more than she did but was not nearly as vocal.
She turned the computer off and also the light on the desk which was actually the only light on in the room. She stood up and walked to the floor to ceiling window and looked out. She had forgotten to turn off the light in the bathroom and the glow from it silhouetted her against the window. A few lights were on far down below her. She moved closer to the window. If anyone was looking, they could see a perfect outline of her in the window. Why not, she thought. Wouldn't be the first to see me today. She felt her nipples press against the window, then her breasts were squashed there and her belly was against it too. The glass was cool against her skin.
"That's all," she said quietly as she went to the bathroom and switched off the light. Back at the bed she turned down the covers just as her cellphone announced a text message.
She checked the phone; the message was from David. It said simply, "Perfect my lovely,"
She slipped under the covers and the newly laundered sheets caressed her body. Nude seemed perfect for tonight.
The rest of the conference was uneventful, if indeed much more interesting and Celeste learned many things that she knew would be useful in her job. And, there were no more sent or mis-sent videos as she decided one was enough - more than enough actually. The plane ride home went smoothly, she found her car in the long-term lot, which was sometimes a problem, and she was finally home.
She was greeted with an immense hug and kiss that made her feel warm and needed and there were questions about trip and then it came up.
"Thanks for the video," David said, smiling at her. "It certainly made my evening much more pleasant."
"Mine too," she replied, "but there's a story that goes with it."
"Oh, a good story?"
"I'm sure you'll enjoy it before I'm through."
"Do tell, then," and he had a look of anticipation on his face.
"Only on one condition. You have to stay quiet until I finish, no matter what you may want to say/"
"Should I be worried then?"
"No, I don't think so. You'll like it."
"Lips sealed then. Begin your story."
"First, I need to show you something, then explain the story."
She got her computer, booted it up and was ready to begin. David looked puzzled but anxious. Celeste went to the folder with the videos, clicked on the one named Maggie3 and watched David as it began.
"Holy shit, that's Maggie Davis," he said and she shushed him.
As the video began to play, she watched him and even checked his pants to see what might develop. As it progressed to her being totally naked, she could see the tent forming in his pants. She was not at all surprised and couldn't help but smile. Finally, there was the orgasm and he turned slowly to her.
"Where... the... hell... did... you... get... that?"
She relayed the story of the mis-sent email, the reply from Ron with the video and her relief at not being fired and ruined.
"So, Ron has that video of you, and you have the video of Maggie. How does that make you feel?" He seemed very much at ease with it.
She looked at David with a look he hadn't seen before. "You've always wanted men to see me naked, and now one has. And you're about to rip your pants with a hard on after seeing the video of Maggie so I think that answers the question. She stood up and began taking her clothes off and, quickly, David joined her. "You want to watch the video of Maggie again so you'll be good and hard for this?"
"You just wish you had a video of David doing the same thing so you can get good and wet."
But she didn't need the video to get good and wet - just watching David as he watched Maggie got her there. It was a long night without much sleep at the Rowland house.
Celeste awoke to a gentle shaking from David. "It's morning, hun. I'm off to work. Talk to you later as I'm interested to hear how your first day at work seeing Ron Davis goes. Bye now." She felt a kiss on her check and the room was quiet again.
She opened her eyes and rolled over, then sat up on the edge of the bed. She wished she'd had a little more sleep but was more than willing to give it up for what happened last night, even if she was sure the nude video of Maggie had heated David quite a few degrees above normal. But she certainly needed a shower so she hopped up and headed for the bathroom. Quickly she was through, carefully dressed and headed downstairs for a quick pop tart breakfast and then out to the garage and off to work.
Traffic wasn't too bad and she parked in her assigned spot and headed inside. As she went through the door a strange cold chill caused her to shiver. It could be an interesting day. Greetings were exchanged as she headed for her office where she grabbed her coffee mug. A few more steps and she was in the little room where the urn was always set up. As she was filling her mug someone else came in the room.
"Hey, Celeste, glad to see you back. How was the conference or seminar or whatever it was called?" She turned to see a smiling Ron Davis.
"It was good, finally," she replied, stepping back from the coffee urn so Ron could fill his mug. She hoped her voice wasn't trembling too much. "The last two days were full of pretty good stuff."
"Fantastic. Anyway, glad to have you back since a couple of things have come up that need your attention. And, if you haven't checked your email yet there's a staff meeting at nine." He turned and headed out the door. "See you then."
She stood staring at the empty doorway. It was like it never happened. She was a little surprised that he could be like that after seeing her naked and orgasming, and hoped he stayed that way for sure, at least at work. She made the short trip back to her office to get ready for the staff meeting.
The staff meeting was nearly as exciting as the first day of the three-day seminar but near the end Ron did make mention of her.
"Sometime when you guys are facing one of your big problems, think of our HR guru here, Celeste, who, this afternoon, will be addressing a problem with three of our production workers, two of whom have complained about the third and their horrible body odor which is making it nearly impossible for them to be able to work comfortably. Somehow I'm sure she'll come up with a solution that's satisfactory for all involved, right Celeste," he said, smiling at her.
Celeste shrugged her shoulders and smiled. "Let's hope," she replied.
"I have nose plugs if you need them," the plant manager chipped in. Then he quickly added, "just a little fun at your expense but it's a serious problem and no fun to have to deal with. Good luck."
Lots of nods and the meeting was over. Everyone got up to leave.
"Hey, Celeste," Ron called to her. "Stop by the office for a moment if you can."
Of course she could and she did, wondering what this might be about.
"Just real quick, Maggie and I were talking the other night and we realized that we've never had you and David over and it's about time we did that. We've enjoyed so much talking to David and you too at company picnics and Christmas parties but it's easier to learn about people in a more informal setting. So how about coming over Friday evening for a casual cookout." He smiled and gave her a "how about it" look.
Celeste was taken totally by surprise by his request. Her mind quickly ran through reasons not to go but the one thing that popped into her head immediately was how much David would love to spend an evening ogling Maggie.
"You can think about it, check with David, and let me know."
"No, listen, I think it will be fine. I know we're free Friday and I'm sure David would love it. Count on us being there and if something unforeseen comes up I'll let you know."
"Perfect," Ron said with a big smile. I'll let Maggie know you're coming. She was sure excited to have a chance to get to know you guys a little better." Ron turned to his desk and grabbed a piece of sticky note and a pen. He scribbled away for a second and handed the note to Celeste. "Here's our address and my cell number, just in case. Now, good luck with your umm, issue."
"Thanks," she said, "both for the good wishes and the invitation." He nodded as she turned and left the office. But she couldn't help but wonder if, each time he looked at her, she was dressed as she was now or was she naked and jerking about with an orgasm. The thing that surprised her when she had those thoughts was that her body would tingle and if she dwelt on it too long, she was afraid she'd have to change her underwear.
Of course, when she told David about the invitation, he tried to act cool, like it was no big deal, but she was sure that every time he thought about it, he also thought about Maggie's video. She was amazed at herself and the way she was able to talk with Ron and had gotten so she didn't tremble each time she had to face him, so she wondered how Maggie would be, obviously knowing that David had seen the video of her.
She was about to find out as they had put the address into their GPS which led them to a neighborhood they didn't frequent very often. She was sure her parents, who had struggled to make ends meet, would call them mansions. She had debated and debated about what to wear, finally deciding on a pale, yellow pair of Bermuda shorts and a kind of glossy dark blue tank top with fairly wide shoulder straps along with some cute leather sandals she had gotten on one of their vacation trips. David had on white Bermuda shorts with a bright red golf shirt that he loved to wear.
At last the GPS announced that they had reached their destination and they pulled in through the big brick pillars and up the long driveway to a large and very beautiful brick and stone house.
"Must be nice," David commented, looking around.
As he finished saying it Maggie came around the corner of the house with a big wave and an equally big smile on her face hurrying along the driveway toward them. She ran first to Celeste's side and gave her a big hug. "So, so glad you could come," she said excitedly. "I'm a hugger, hope you don't mind." With that she ran to the other side of the car and gave David an equally big, if not more aggressive, hug. In fact, she pressed against him so hard that Celeste could see her big breasts squeeze out to the side of the peach colored tube top she had on. And, she was sure that David didn't mind the hugging either. She also noticed a couple of inches of midriff between the tank top and the white shorts she had on which were short enough to highlight her long legs. That couple of inches was toned and tanned. When Maggie let him go, Celeste quickly checked his pants but there were no bulges so far. Another hug like that and she suspected she might see some signs.
Maggie took hold of a hand from each of them. "Let's go. Ron is getting things ready to cook. Ya'all hungry yet?" Celeste was sure he would rather have followed along behind so he could watch Maggie's sweet cheeks vibrate as she walked but he dutifully shuffled along, allowing her to lead him. Celeste could also tell that Maggie had nothing on under that tube top and there were certainly no lines visible through her rather tight shorts. Celeste was glad she wasn't wearing a matching tube top as her nipples would be standing up like soldiers at attention. Never-the-less, she couldn't help but admire Maggie as she bounced along, her ash-blonde hair in a little pony tail, her pale gray eyes always bright and almost glowing and those big dimples when she smiled kind of highlighting the tiny freckles on her nose. She could easily pass for a 25 year old even though Celeste was sure she was much older than that.
"Hey, glad you guys are here," Ron called out, heading toward them. A firm handshake for David and a quick and very chaste hug for Celeste. She still felt her body tingle he touched her and wondered if Maggie had the same feeling when she hugged David, a hug that was anything but the quick and chaste hug she had gotten from Ron. Even the fact that she got that excited her a little.
Ron took orders for the T-bones he was ready to cook while Maggie took Celeste and David for a quick tour of the house, which was so big that a quick tour was difficult to accomplish. Celeste walked alongside Maggie, talking with her while she was sure David was trailing along behind watching Maggie's butt in those tight shorts. But soon enough they were back outside and the steaks were ready, along with the baked potatoes and beautiful salad and what appeared to be freshly baked dinner rolls.
The meal was certainly tasty and enjoyable, the conversation light with lots of joking and laughing and good-humored bantering. Celeste was surprised at how at ease she felt but Ron and Maggie were obviously quite adept at making you feel that way. They all finally left the table and moved to a sitting area on the other side of the patio. More chatter and then a moment of silence and Ron cleared his throat. Celeste was sure that the huge elephant hanging over them was about to descend.
"We have something we'd like to suggest to you guys. For some reason we just feel that you might like this and would fit in extremely well." He glanced over at Maggie.
"Yes, very much so," she verified. "We've been part of a club that we've enjoyed immensely over the couple of years that we've been members. It's a, umm, rather different kind of a club." She looked at David, then Celeste, then back to David. Celeste was sure that she could see the beginning of a pink glow on Maggie's cheeks, even in the gathering dusk of the evening.
Now Ron took over again. "We have anywhere from 15 to 20 couples in the club at a time. Some, like us, have been members for some time while others stay only a short time. It meets once a month and one of the couples plan the activity for that day and that responsibility shifts around among the members. That part of it can be fairly challenging," he added, casting a questioning look at Maggie, to her big smile and nod.
Whether David was beginning to get the drift of this, Celeste certainly was. And the thoughts that were beginning for form in her mind were both surprising her and making her temperature rise just a little.
Now Maggie took over looking directly at Celeste. "You may be already guessing but this is a club that involves, well, sexual activity."
Celeste didn't react but David's eyebrows raised. It was like someone had just opened the door of her fantasy world, a world she thought would never exist outside that special place in her mind where it resided. She glanced quickly at David whose eyes were still glued to Maggie's. She dared not look at Ron for fear of what might show on her face.
"Wow," David said quietly. "I've heard of clubs like that and knew they probably existed but," and he glanced over at Celeste. She could tell that her breathing had changed due to the thoughts that were racing through her mind. Somehow she couldn't just blurt out that yes, they'd do it, even though she knew that David would in a second.
"Listen," Ron said gently. "I know this is a huge surprise to you and something you've probably never even talked about before. We've enjoyed it and thought we would share that with you. Take some time and talk about it and let us know. It's certainly not for everyone and we have people who give it a try and disappear quickly afterward while others love it and join up." He looked questioningly at both of them.
"Can we have just a couple of minutes to talk here and maybe we can give you a decision quickly?" David asked.
"Certainly," Maggie said quickly. "You two talk and we'll clean up the dishes. And no problem whatever you decide."
Ron and Maggie gathered up the dishes on a big tray they had brought out and disappeared inside the house. David looked at Celeste and she back at him. She decided to start.
"You've always wanted other men to see me naked," she said, actually smiling. One has and this would probably lead to more."
"True," he said tentatively. "That was me talking theoretically. This would be actuality. How would you react to that?"
"I think having other men see me naked would be fascinating and very, very exciting." She was surprised at how easily that answer came out.
"Where the hell did that come from? You never replied like that to my theoretical talk but now you're getting all hot when it could really happen?"
"I don't know. All that video stuff seemed to unleash something that I didn't even know was there."
"Well, just from reading between the lines of what they said there could be, well, a little more than just seeing you naked."
"I know. I've been thinking about that for about five minutes now. How are you with that since it never really came up in your theoretical discussions?"
"How secure are we with our relationship?"
"No problem at all for me. Weird as it seems, I think it would be fun and just fun, like going bowling or something like that - just a little more intense and intimate maybe."
"Bowling? Who is this I'm talking to here? What have you done with the real Celeste?" He was smiling at her now. "And speaking of that, are you willing to let Willie do a little roaming as well, visit a few new pleasure spots?"
"I think I can handle that and I'm sure you won't mind as well, particular if one of those pleasure spots is attached to Maggie Davis." Now she had a big smile on her face as David glanced up toward the house.
"So, let me get this straight, just so I'm sure what's happening here. You're saying you're willing to join a club, a sex club at that. And do whatever they're doing in the club."
"Yep, and if we don't like it, we'll just disappear like they said."
"Okay, I'm in right with you."
Celeste stood up and walked around in a little circle trying to clear her mind of all the pictures that were forming there and hoping she wouldn't be too flushed when Ron and Maggie returned. She could feel her nipples getting hard inside her bra and she was hoping to keep that area a little south of there from displaying its condition as well. David stood up and gave her a kiss on the forehead and, inside the house, Ron and Maggie evidently took that as a sign and came back outside.
"You going to give it a try?" Maggie asked and Celeste wondered how David was going to handle that question in his southland as well. She was sure that what he heard was, "you going to give me a try?"
"I think so," he said. "Celeste is game so I guess I am too."
"Fantastic," Ron threw in. "I hope you enjoy it and decide to become permanent members. Our next meeting is a week from tomorrow so I hope that fits into your plans."
"I'm sure it will," Celeste replied a little too eagerly and got a big smile from Maggie.
They stayed another hour or so and Celeste couldn't help but spend most of that time comparing herself to Maggie and wondering how other men would compare her as well. She knew she'd have to review those videos again even though she knew both they and the comparisons had nothing to do with what would be happening in another week. She knew she wanted this to happen but she also knew she had to prepare herself for it as it was way past where she'd ever been before.
Ron gave them a paper with the address of the club and the time they should be there and a little advice about what to wear. Celeste had to smile at that as she was sure clothing wouldn't be a major factor once things started.
The next week passed too quickly and too slowly. Too slowly as the anticipation of the Saturday built within Celeste and too quickly, as she worked to figure how to deal with what might be ahead, actually, what would surely be ahead. They talked little about it, the elephant in the room of course, until Friday evening when David sat her down.
"Scared?" he asked her gently.
"I'm still enough of a woman to be a little scared, I guess. You aren't though, are you?"
"Well there's always that little bit of a performance bugaboo that hangs over a man." She had to smile at that. "You excited too?"
She looked at him. "Shit yes," she answered very honestly.
"If we're going to do this, we'll do it. No worries, no regrets just . . .do it. And afterward we'll share what happened. I have to admit that I've been "sharing" in my imagination all week, with you telling me stuff that happened and me getting so hot listening. I can hardly wait."
"I suspect I'll have good stuff to tell you - and you'll have things to tell me too.'
They slept in separate beds that night so they would "save themselves" for Saturday.
Saturday dawned bright and warm, and Celeste was awake to see the sunrise. She lay in bed for a while but decided there was nothing to do laying there but think, and that wasn't what she needed so she got up. She threw on a tee shirt and shorts and went to the kitchen only to find that David was right behind her.
"It's Saturday at last," he quipped.
She looked at him for long seconds. "It is indeed," she softly replied.
The day went much like that for both of them, a lot of doing nothing. The morning passed, and then the afternoon and both went to take showers. Celeste went to one of the guest bedrooms where she kept her make up and some of her clothes. She finished drying her hair and then stood looking at her naked body in the full-length mirror. She was a good-looking woman, she knew that. About 5'-7" and blessed with a nearly flawless complexion, a nicely pretty face without being gorgeous, legs that were shapely and always looked nicely long and her breasts. David always told her they didn't change shape a bit when she took her bra off and she had actually tried that one time and decided that he was right. Then there were her nipples. Her areolas were a warm shade of brown without being too dark and the nipples - she sometimes wished they weren't so thick and so long. It made wearing some things almost impossible and going braless an adventure. David loved them and she had learned to deal with them.
Her waist was still small and, when she turned sideways, her butt was shapely. Not Maggie shapely but not too bad at all. Then she eyed the triangle of dark brown hair. The thought of shaving popped into her head but she wasn't sure she wanted to do that. But she did get her cuticle scissors and carefully trimmed along the edges and then did a little 'thinning' as best she could. Satisfied with what she saw, she finished dressing, dressy casual as Ron had described it. She wore a white, lacy bra, lacy bikini underwear, a pair of snug slacks and a brightly colored and flowery blouse. She debated about shoes but decided shoes wouldn't be an important item today and put on a simple pair of white flats. A small touch of perfume behind each ear to maintain her femininity. She was as ready as she was going to be.
She met David coming out of the main bedroom where he had dressed and, not surprisingly, his apparel closely matched hers. Talk was at a minimum now.
Soon they were in the car, the number in the GPS and that day of days was about to happen. Fifteen minutes later they pulled into a large parking lot in front of a building that appeared to have been some kind of a department store in its time. At the door they were met by none other than Ron and Maggie who were obviously waiting for them.
"I'm so glad you two made it today," Ron said, a huge smile on his face. "I'm not at all sure what's in store for today but hopefully it will meet your expectations." He led them through the door and pointed across the room. "A wonderful buffet for afterwards. It's paid for by the membership dues. And some good wine as well," he added, nodding toward Celeste."
"Hello, everyone," a lady was saying to the assembled group of men and women. Celeste estimated there were probably, as Ron had suggested, between 15 and 20 couples. "Time to get started. As usual, men over to the far side and women right here for the, um, orientation." Celeste watched as David crossed to the other side of the room, wondering what he would be doing for the next, she didn't know how long. She turned to gather with the other women.
"Okay, ladies, and we have a couple of newcomers so listen carefully. You'll all go to your assigned cubicle and get undressed. On the little table in the room is a black, well, sort of a bag, or hood, which will fit neatly over your head. Don't worry, it has small holes where your nose and mouth are located so you can breathe. If you have long hair fasten it up with the clips that are in the cubicle so it will be hidden inside the mask." She smiled at that. Obviously, they were trying to make it difficult to recognize the women at least. Not a bad idea. "Then, just wait and someone will come and take you to your assigned spot where there is a simple chair. You should sit down and put your arms on the arms of the chair and keep them there for the entire time, unless someone moves one for you." She smiled again. "Keep your feet a little wide apart, maybe a foot by each of the chair legs. There will be no verbal communication at all. There will be four segments today and a bell will sound at the end of each segment. Just stay sitting in the chair. For you newcomers, you'll notice that there's a shower in your cubicle which you may want to use afterward, compliments of our benefactors."
What was this about benefactors, Celeste wondered. Whatever. She was certain that she would be naked and men would be looking at her, even if the mask kept them from knowing for sure who she was. And she could only imagine what else might happen.
"Okay, come by and draw a number and head off to your cubicle to get ready. She gestured toward a door on the far wall.
Celeste got in line, reached in the bag when it was her turn and drew number 17. She headed for the door and found a hallway with more doors. They appeared to be doors to changing rooms - the department store they had guessed about when they arrived. She found the door with 17 painted on it and went inside. It was a small area with a chair, a table, several hooks on the wall, some towels hanging on the hooks, and a narrow, floor to ceiling mirror. She took a deep breath. "Too late now," she thought and began to undress. It didn't take long and she was looking at herself in the mirror. She checked herself from head to foot. She lifted her very shapely 36 C's and squeezed them together. Why not she decided and pinched her nipples which immediately sprang to life. She carefully pulled the hood over her head so that her nose and mouth were even with the holes. It extended well below her chin and certainly hid her identity. She felt around for the chair, sat down and waited.
It wasn't long before she heard the door open and someone had come inside.
"Hi," a feminine voice said. "I know you're new so I'll talk to you now, but not afterwards. I'm going to lead you to your chair and, after the four segments, just sit there until someone comes to take you back to your cubicle. Then you can shower, dress and get something to eat." She took hold of Celeste's wrist and led her through the door. They walked for a while, changing directions once or twice, and finally stopped. Two hands grasped her shoulders, turned her and backed her up until the chair bumped her legs. She sat down, grasped the chair arms and, actually with a little difficulty, spread her legs to the width of the chair legs. She felt the air on her pussy. It seemed strange. She also noticed that it was a little warm in the room which, being naked, she thought was good.
She sat for a while, her mind racing, when she felt something bump one of her legs. Then, she felt a hand on her left breast, then on her right as well. It was simply caressing, then squeezing gently and massaging gently, then lifting and squeezing a little harder. She felt fingers on her nipple, squeezing and gently pulling, then pulling a little harder, to the edge of hurting but not beyond. Of course, with her nipples as sensitive as they always were, it was like electricity running through her body. Her nipples were rolled between thumb and forefinger and she was dying to know who was doing it but knew she'd never know. Suddenly she felt a tongue on one nipple, then the other. It licked her breasts, one at a time. Then there were lips, closing around the nipples, sucking on them, pulling them so they were longer and longer. Her breathing was getting harder and louder, but each breath was shorter and shorter. Gentle teeth nipped at each nipple and she could hardly stand it. Her hands gripped the chair so hard she was sure her knuckles were totally white.
She was aware suddenly of a hand on her stomach, sliding down lower across her muff. One finger slid lower as the teeth worked gently on her nipple and the finger was slowly sliding from top to bottom on her cleft. She wasn't even aware of it but her knees moved further apart as the finger slid slowly back to the top, then started back down. She was so wet the finger was moving easily and this time at the bottom it paused and pressed until it slipped between the puffy lips that were there and it was inside. She wasn't sure but she thought she could hear little moans slipping out of her throat. The finger moved in and then out, back in and back out, and then moved north, parting the puffiness as it went until her body jerked and she gasped. He'd found her clit, but there was just the single touch, even though she would have welcomed more.
The mouth kept working on her nipples and she was sure they had to be longer than they've ever been before. And the finger was moving south and was inside her again, gently moving around, exploring as she'd never been explored before. She wasn't really aware of much except for the lips and the finger and the feelings roaring through her body. On and on, lips and finger, pushing, exploring, sucking and nibbling. She wondered how long she could stand it but then she heard a bell and the lips and finger were gone and she was left holding the chair arms and trying to catch her breath. What next raced through her mind. She had never felt quite like this before, and it was only the first segment.
She was aware that someone was close and once again a hand began caressing her breasts, and she was aware that her breasts were wet. If men liked glistening women, she was sure she was one right now. Then she felt a mouth engulfing her breast, sucking as much of it as would fit into his mouth. First one and then the other, and, as he let each pop out of his mouth, his lips pulled on the nipples. She had other parts, why were they so concentrated on her nipples?
Then she felt something on her left breast. She couldn't believe it but whoever it was had attached a suction device to one nipple, and then to the other. They were long enough already, why would they do that. But the sensation was unbelievable. A tub on the device stretched her nipple and her breast followed. The same to the other, then both together. In just a few seconds there were touches between her legs. She wasn't sure what was happening until she felt the suction on her clit - now she had three of them. And she couldn't believe how this one felt. More tugging and her hips raised and jerked. Another tug and a loud moan erupted from inside the hood. Then hands on her puffy lips, spreading them, pulling them apart. She felt like she was going to explode. Once more there was a finger inside her, pushing and exploring finding every wet crease and crevice that she had. Then she was sure there were two or maybe three, maybe even all four fingers. They were stretching her and moving in and out faster and faster. She was sure she was moaning but knew she couldn't stop it. Then the fingers were out and she felt the edge of her mask move and a finger pushed through the slip by her mouth, pressing against her lips and pushing till her mouth opened. Then it caressed her lips and went inside against her tongue. Instinctively she sucked on the finger, realizing that she was tasting her own juices.
The finger was gone, but exploring down below again. It slid along the edge of her cleft, then was back at her mouth, wetter this time and she sucked again. This time while she was sucking on the finger, she felt other fingers inside her. When the first finger left her mouth, another very wet finger replaced it immediately. She had never thought of tasting her own juices before but doing it like this was nearly more than she could stand. And, when one of the hands bumped the suction device on her clit, she couldn't help but jerk and gasp. Another finger to her mouth and, as she sucked, the clit device was tubbed on and she was twitching and jerking and sucking all at once. The fingering and the sucking continued with the occasional clit bump and she wondered if her body could keep making all the juices that were needed and whether she could stay conscious. There was a pop and one of the suction things was off her left nipple, then another pop and the other nipple was free.
Once more she felt the fingers inside her, and then they were out and rubbing on her breast. Inside again and wiping the other breast. Then they were being sucked again. He wanted to taste her juices that way, she thought, and she realized that now, each time the fingers went inside, her hips rose up a little bit from the chair. And when they went back down, she could feel the wetness on the chair.
Then the bell rang again and she jerked as the suction thing was popped off her clit. Her oxygen starved brain told her that two of the segments were over, two more to go. She had never experienced anything like this in any of her fantasies and definitely not in any of her realities. She was overwhelmed but, very quickly, she sensed someone else was there, and a hand began squeezing her breast, then pulling on her nipple, that very, very sensitive nipple, then twisting it until it began to hurt, then more pulling and the twisting again. She decided her nipples were definitely something they all liked, and then the other one was pulled and twisted slightly until she grunted out. Another twist and she squealed, then one more squeal.
Then the hands left her breasts and she could feel them rubbing the inside of her thighs. She unconsciously slid a little lower in the chair so she could spread her legs a little wider. She felt fingers exploring her cleft, then spreading it, pulling her puffy lips wider and wider until her clit began to vibrate just from the tension around it. Then a finger flicked against that clit and she jerked. She had no way to control that and her body was in charge. That little nub could make her do whatever it wanted and there was nothing she could do to stop it, even if she wanted to, which she hardly ever did. A couple more flicks and more jerks and she heard a little squeal inside her mask. Then she felt a tongue, starting at the bottom and licking heavily right to the top, then starting again and clear to the top once more where it rubbed her clit and her hips lifted slightly.
Now that tongue was flicking at her swollen nub and her breathing was getting shallower and more rapid. Suddenly that tongue was probing and was inside her, exploring the wetness of her vagina. She could hardly think, only feel what was happening. Before she knew it, the tongue was flicking again and her hips were moving in rhythm with it. Then a mouth engulfed nearly her whole pussy and quickly lips had her clit and were sucking and pulling on it. The feeling was so intense she thought she might pass out. She wanted to let loose of the chair arms and hold that head in place but, it didn't seem to be going anywhere. The tongue and mouth worked in unison and she could feel the heat rising inside of her. Her face and chest were so hot she knew she must be totally flushed and nearly glowing pink.
More tongue, more mouth, more fingers holding her apart, sometimes probing inside her, sometimes just rubbing the rosebud of her ass. It was building, beginning where the fingers were probing. It grew and the heat was more intense than she had ever experienced. It was sweeping up through her body as the orgasm took hold of her until there was nothing else but the orgasm, shaking her, making her want to scream out, making her hips buck in time with the jerking of her body, over and over for who knows how long. At last it began to subside and she could almost think again.
But the tongue and mouth were still working on her, as much as ever, and she wanted to move her arms and grab that head and tell him it was okay, she had cum and he could stop now, but she knew she wasn't allowed to move her arms. And she knew she had never had a feeling like this before. Actually, It felt just like it did when he had started if not even more intense. He just kept it up and she drank it in, nearly drowning in the feeling. Before she knew it, she could feel the heat growing again. Her mind told her that she had never before cum twice so quickly. Maybe twice in a day but never like this. She wasn't sure it was possible but she just gave in to it as it overwhelmed her once more, engulfing her body in its total ecstasy, the vibrating and jerking repeated with moans she could barely hear inside the hood but was sure he could hear clearly outside.
A second time she was coming down, coming back to consciousness when she heard the bell, and the lips and tongue were gone and she was gasping for breath. Three segments done with one left. What would that be? Even her orgasm-numbed brain could answer that one. There was one thing that hadn't happened yet and she doubted it was banned here. Something inside of her told her that she should be more a part of this final segment. So far, she had been "done to" and this time she just wanted "done with" to be a part of it. She was so limited by the chair and its hold on her. What could she do?
Something bumped her leg and then fingers pulling and twisting her nipples again. They had gotten so sensitive that she thought if they kept pulling and twisting, she might orgasm from that alone. Then, just some gentle fondling of her breasts, lifting, then squeezing them together. Was he checking to see if she could handle a boob job? She could but knew it would be awkward with her in the chair like she was. Then she felt a hand take hold of her arm and lift it off the chair and move it till she felt something warm, actually something very hot. She put her hand around it and it was throbbing to the rhythm of someone's heart. Plus, she noted that her fingers were far from meeting as she tried to surround it. She squeezed gently, then slid her hand until it bumped his pubs. Now she stroked the other direction until she could feel the head in her palm, and it pretty well filled her palm plus the stroke seemed incredibly long. It was a cock straight out of some of the porn videos she had watched, beyond what she had fantasized about and certainly beyond anything she'd actually seen. Her mind giggled at her for she had not seen this one, but was feeling it, and she decided this was the better choice.
Was it going to go there, where she was hoping it might be headed? She let loose and the hand placed her arm back on the chair. It was all she could do to keep from taking the hood off and looking at that thing, to get a picture for future fantasies, to see if it was really real. Maybe she'd find out how real it was soon. She was throbbing with anticipation. Sure enough, hands were spreading her pussy, rubbing it, then leaving, then rubbing again. She felt something hot bump against her opening. It rubbed there gently. She was going to die, or maybe just pass out as she felt it pushing against her, probing and then slowly pushing just inside, then just a little more inside and it was a feeling she had never had before. It was like she was a virgin, only more so as it stretched her beyond what she could imagine. It pressed in another inch and she groaned, then another inch, intense stretching and another deep moan. It was at the edge of pain but not quite there and the feeling was beyond belief. More gentle pushing and she hoped she was deep enough that it wouldn't bottom. More pushing, more stretching, more ecstasy and his legs bumped against her ass. No bottoming but what a feeling.
Slowly it withdrew until it was clear out and she caught her breath. But quickly it was pushing again, and still stretching and she was raising her hips to meet it, to be a part of it. In till her ass was bumped again, then slowly out and once more in, the stretching feeling nearly gone. Now it withdrew slowly and was free of her and she panicked. Was he done? Long seconds and she felt it bump again, start in just a tad, and then back out. She raised her hips. Another bump but no penetration. He was teasing her and she could barely stand it. Another bump, gently inside and then a huge push and her ass was banged and she gasped louder than before.
The rhythm began then, and her crazed mind brought forth the musical term, "accelerando," as it seemed to fit here. He was gradually moving faster and faster and she was working her hips to keep pace with him. She could feel her breasts bouncing on her chest and, even with the hood, could hear him slapping against her ass. Then, oh my god, she thought, his thumb or something was working on her clit again and she thought she might explode just from thinking about it. Did she have any more in that little but now very swollen nub? He was going to find out for her, as he was relentless with his pumping and his rubbing. On and on, faster and faster, the slapping louder and louder, her breasts bouncing rhythmically with everything that was happening. More pumping, more rubbing. She felt his other hand on her hip, then around to her butt, squeezing her cheek as it moved with her bucking hips. How long could she stand this, this reality that was beyond any fantasy?
At last she knew how long she could stand it as that feeling of heat began right where that huge member was pumping and it began swallowing her even more quickly than before and she could hear herself groaning and making other noises as well and that jerking took control and did what it wanted with her body. Over and over, her body out of control, her whole being totally swallowed by the intensity of her orgasm. She couldn't believe this was happening - a third time and even more extraordinary than the others. She sensed the jerking and twisting stopping, breathing again if ragged and uneven. Awareness was returning and he, whoever he was, was still pumping so fast she could still hardly stand it when suddenly he stopped, was out of her and she could feel hot liquid splashing on her breasts, on her stomach and belly, accompanied by a guttural grunt with each splash she felt. She hadn't counted the splashes but wished she had. Then, gently, the familiar bump again and slowly an entrance and a steady push all the way till he touched her ass one last time, then withdrawal as the bell sounded for the final time. She felt three gentle hand pats on her hip and smiled inside the hood. A sign of approval that she hadn't expected.
She felt awkward the way she was situated in the chair with everything apparently now over. Her nearly uncontrolled bucking and jerking and his vigorous pumping had moved her considerably so, still holding securely to the arms as directed, she shifted herself carefully to a more normal and comfortable position. But as she moved, she could feel the semen dribbling across her stomach and a rivulet of sweat slowly moving down through her cleavage. She wondered how long she'd stay like this and what would happen next. It wasn't too long before she felt a warm, wet cloth gently wiping her breasts and then her stomach and belly as well. As it wiped, she wondered what view the person wiping had for she was sure that, after what had just happened to her, her vagina must look like an abandoned railroad tunnel. A pause and the wet towel or rag returned, re-wiping where it had been before. Finally, a soft, dry cloth was patting where she had been wiped and also in her cleavage to dry away the perspiration that had run there and finally, on the inside of her thighs.
The wiping finally stopped and a hand, obviously female, took hers and tugged slightly so she knew to carefully stand up, hoping her legs would hold her. She was gently but firmly led somewhere, a retrace of her original route she assumed, but she was not yet sure until the hand went to her back and pushed her slightly forward and she heard a door close behind her. She carefully lifted the hood and pulled it off. She was back in her assigned cubicle.
Celeste stepped in front of the full-length mirror and observed. Her hair was awry and stuck to the perspiration that covered her face. At least whoever they were hadn't seen that. Her face and chest were still very flushed and pinkish red and, she certainly was glistening, even where the towel had dried her. Her nipples were, well, they were her nipples. Now a very dark red and a little more extended than usual. They looked like they had been well-used. As she continued to look, she couldn't resist and she put one foot up on the table trying to make her pussy visible in the mirror. She couldn't really tell but she imagined it was still wide open - it seemed like it had to be. When she had decided to come to the club today there was no way she could have imagined what this was actually going to be like. It was something outside her realm of knowledge and experience. The trouble with watching porn was that you don't get the actual feel of what's happened. Today she got that feel and then some. She shook her head and smiled at the mirror.
"You little minx," she said aloud. "You've been done very properly and very completely today. And you've totally enjoyed every freaking minute of it, haven't you." She nodded to the mirror and headed quickly to the shower, almost reluctant to wash her breast and belly where the last traces of the semen from her first time at the club were probably still there. It was like her Monica Lewinsky souvenir. Never-the-less she washed carefully and thoroughly and even shampooed her hair which was already very damp when she climbed into the little shower stall. She used the wonderful fluffy towel that was hanging readily at hand to dry herself and then the nice electric hair dryer provided, and then she dressed. She chastised herself for wearing a soft bra but she hadn't had any idea what might happen. She could stuff some Kleenex in it to smooth out the nipple bumps but she hated to do that. And, after what had happened today, who cared about couple of nipple bumps?
Her hair was a total loss so she used some of the little clips provided to create a small pony tail. Celeste suspected there might be more pony tails around now than there had been earlier. Another look in the mirror. Most of her make up, the little she had used ahead of time, was gone but she actually decided that she didn't look too bad. She was very rosy and she knew that was from what she had just been through. But the real problem was what she was going to say to David when she went outside to the big room, and also to Ron and Maggie. Whatever, she finally decided. She couldn't plan for what she didn't know. She opened the door and stepped outside, bumping into Maggie who was walking down the hallway.
Maggie smiled at her. "Well," she said simply. "Satisfied or disappointed?"
"Celeste just smiled at her.
"Good," was Maggie's prompt reply, along with a giggle. They walked out into the big room together to find David and Ron talking together.
Ron had a big smile on his face. "The food will be very good," he said. "Let's get some of it before it's gone. They headed for the buffet and filled their plates with prime rib, mashed potatoes, some vegetable casseroles, hot rolls and several other things they skipped. All four of them sat down at one of the big tables and began to eat the very delicious food.
"Can I ask a question?" Celeste ventured.
"Sure," Ron replied, that big smile on his face.
"The lady who gave us the instructions said something about our 'benefactors'. What was that about?"
Ron chuckled. "A little background," he began. "The club started with a very few couples and they met in homes. But as the membership grew that became a little awkward, as you can imagine. A couple of the members had connections and two very wealthy gentlemen agreed to buy this facility and make the improvements you see. Obviously, it was a department store and they expanded the fitting rooms into the cubicles you find here and added the showers. So, here we are today, enjoying what we have."
"What do the benefactors get for all this." She was a little suspicious.
"Ah," Maggie replied. "The key question. What you didn't see today was the video cameras." She saw the surprised look flash across Celeste's face. "No worries," she added. "The benefactors get the videos as their "rent" for the facility. Your face was covered today so that's not an issue. It's been done for several years now and there's been absolutely no problems at all. Plus," and a somewhat sinister smile came over her face, "when you're a full member there's a process for getting copies of some of the videos should you want one."
Celeste nodded and smiled but her mind was racing. She'd love a video of today, just to watch herself and what she did. She was totally out of touch with herself and wasn't sure what she had looked like and what she had done. No video for her though as they weren't members.
They were now joined by two other couples and their food. Jerry and Michele and Eric and Melinda. First names seemed to be the appropriate form here although she was sure some of them had to know each other outside of the club. Both men were trim and very pleasant looking, about the same age as she and David she guessed. Melinda was very slender, but obviously well endowed in the chest region. Michele was very pretty and she was sure David would find Melinda too skinny and Michele very pleasingly to the plump and squishy side. They chatted for a while and Celeste couldn't help but wonder if she had had contact with either of the men earlier in the day.
Finally, Ron glanced at his watch and said they needed to be getting home and David followed suit. They all bid goodbye to their table mates and headed toward the parking lot, walking along together. At the cars Ron stopped.
"Glad you two could come today. Think seriously about joining. Each meeting is, um, interestingly different. We'd love to have you." He smiled at Celeste, gave her three gentle pats on her shoulder and headed for his car.
Celeste's eyes were as wide as they could get. Three pats and another three pats. Could they all have come from the same person? Her mind was racing full speed ahead. When they were having a staff meeting, was that thing hiding under the conference table. She knew that thought would haunt her as time passed and drive her a little crazy as well. She watched Ron and Maggie walking away. Was that wiggling butt getting that every night? David was getting in the car as he had no idea what was racing around in Celeste's mind. Why, why, why, she thought and got in the car.
"Well," David said as they headed toward home. She wondered what kind of an answer he was expecting.
"Well," she replied and he seemed happy with that.
They drove in silence for a while. They she said quietly, "Can I ask you a question?
"Sure," he answered, glancing over at her.
"The four women you were with today, were they shaved."
A big smile from David. "Well, three of them were very, very bare and smooth and I would guess not shaved but something else as there wasn't a hint of stubble, you know. The fourth had a nice 'landing strip", and was very smooth around the edges. Why, if I may ask?"
She had a very petulant look on her face. "Next time I think I'll be smooth like that," she answered, looking straight out the front windshield.
She felt three little pats on her thigh but knew that those first three hadn't come from David.