All that spurting (of steam and smoke), pistons thrusting back and forth, tight couplings, trains entering tunnels... Who wouldn't love a "ride" on a steam train?
Gary Tuck had been an enthusiast for steam trains as long as he could remember. He realised it was not an interest shared by many people, especially women, but it had always been there. As a kid he had been taken on heritage steam railways by his father, another enthusiast, and that's when the bug had bitten. Just recently he had been bitten by another bug as well, and couldn't work out what to do about it.
Gary spent a lot of his weekends volunteering as a driver on the Bedworth Valley Railway. He lived in Bedworth, so it was easy for him to get there. He had started off as a guard and then taken the fireman's training course , finally progressing to driver training. Now fully qualified, there was nothing he liked better than driving his engine the eight miles from Bedworth to the other terminus at Cockwell. Well, maybe there was one thing, and that was his problem at the moment. Gary wasn't actually a virgin, but he had little experience of relationships with women, and felt sure he was missing out on life. To make matters worse, one of his fellow volunteers was Meg Allport, who had recently joined the firemen after doing her training. Meg was delightful. She was a little shorter than him, with a figure that some might call plump, but Gary thought was beautifully cuddly. She was rounded in all the right places as far as he was concerned. He spent hours dreaming about running his hands over those curves, uncovering them, and exploring the more intimate parts of Meg's beautiful body. Meg had unknowingly fuelled his masturbatory fantasies for the last couple of months. Her cheeky smile made his heart turn over, and even in unsexy fireman's overalls the sight of her coming towards him made his heart race.
The difficulty was partly that Gary was plain shy. He didn't expect women to take an interest in him, and tended to think that the gorgeous ones like Meg were out of his league. Besides, they were colleagues on the railway, and he was afraid that any approach he might make could be regarded as sexual harassment. Not that he was planning on seducing her on a station bench or anything, but the rules these days were not as clear as they used to be. And what if she didn't like him? One or other of them might feel driven by embarrassment to leave the railway, which would mean he wouldn't see her again. Stuck in this quandary, Gary admired her from afar. They would meet up sometimes in the station cafe when off duty, and she was always friendly and polite, but that was as far as things went.
Meanwhile, Meg also had a problem. The fact was that she had been interested in Gary from the first time she saw him. She had made a point of talking to him, smiling when they passed each other, and standing very close to him. She had also confided in a friend, who had advised her to be a little more brazen.
"Try not wearing a bra," said Sheila. "Men love that. And before you say anything, I know that you're not a slut and don't put it about with anyone and everyone, but sometimes the shy ones need a bit of encouragement. And that fireman's gear is not very attractive. Can't you wear something skimpier, like a singlet or something?"
"Not really. The weather isn't particularly warm yet, and you've no idea what a breeze blows on that footplate once you get up speed. You could freeze your nipples off if you weren't careful."
"Well, at least it would make them stand out. But if you can't do that, try exposing a little more of yourself. Unbutton your top to show off your cleavage. It's bloody good cleavage, so make the most of it. "
"The top has a zip."
"Well, unzip it down as far as you dare. And if you get really close, make sure you touch him. I don't mean anything really rude. Just put your hand on his arm, pat him on the shoulder, put your arm around him and give him a squeeze if he says something funny or does something helpful. However shy he is, I'm sure he'll get the message eventually. "
Meg didn't necessarily find that awfully helpful. She and Gary were never rostered together. The railway had four steam engines, and she was always working on one of the others. Still, she brightened up at the thought that they both lived in Bedworth, so there ought to be opportunities. So, as Gary admired Meg from afar, Meg admired Gary equally. Neither was the sort to leap into bed with a relative stranger, and neither went in for casual sex, so neither was used to being particularly forward about these things. This doesn't mean that they didn't like sex. When they were in a relationship they could both go at it hammer and tongs, and when they were not they both masturbated a lot. There was no shortage of hormones, pheromones, or just plain moans when the time felt right.
*
Meg and Gary were both on duty one Saturday, and each had spent the previous evening thinking about the other. Both had been at home alone, and those longing thoughts had inevitably had consequences. Meg had had a bath, and while relaxing in the fragrant bubbles had begun to think about seeing Gary on the following day. Maybe if he didn't make an approach, she might at least pluck up the courage to ask him out somewhere. Of course, it could be that he just didn't fancy her. Not everyone did, although she had had her fair share of admirers. But Gary had never shown any sign. Perhaps he was gay, though she thought she would have been able to tell.
Getting out of the bath she wrapped herself in a large towel and rubbed herself dry, still thinking about Gary. As she passed the towel over her breasts her nipples tingled. She giggled to herself, and passed it back in the other direction. As she rubbed the towel down her legs, and then up again between them, she felt a definite tingle there as well. Walking into her bedroom she mentally pictured Gary lying on the bed, waiting for her, naked, and proudly erect. This aroused feelings in her that simply had to be dealt with. She climbed onto the bed, imagining that he was lying there and she was straddling him. With her left hand cupped around her breast she gently stroked the nipple with her thumb, while her right hand went to her pussy. It was dry from the bath, but she reached into her bedside locker and took out some lube. She turned and lay back on the pillow, her legs parted. Squeezing out some lube onto her fingers she returned her hand to her pussy lips and smeared some on them. Then she pushed a finger between them and stroked up and down, reaching her clit at the top of each stroke. She loved to take her time, and not go straight for it. She hoped Gary was the same. The thought made her heart race. She imagined he had rolled her over on her back and his cock was entering her. It felt ... actually, she couldn't feel it at all. She reached into the bedside locker and took out her favourite toy - a dildo with a real flesh feel and shaped like the real thing.
With a sigh she slipped the end of it into her pussy and pushed as far as she could. That was more like it! That was what it would feel like. She closed her eyes and continued the fantasy. Gary was getting more and more excited as he thrust into her. Her free hand was on her clit, gently rubbing in a circle as his cock moved in and out of her. She could hear him panting as his excitement rose towards orgasm. Her breathing was fast and her hips rocked up and down as she responded to his thrusting. Then she was there. She cried out as her orgasm struck like a wave. Her whole body seemed to arch as Gary pushed firmly into her, his cries telling her he was cumming too. She could almost feel the spurts of thick cum as he emptied his beautiful balls into her vagina. Almost. But as she opened her eyes and looked around her little flat she felt a sense of disappointment. Say what you like about a woman needing a man like a fish needs a bicycle, she definitely preferred having one in her life. And in her hot wet pussy.
Gary was having much the same sort of evening. He had taken a shower when he came in from work. It didn't seem worth getting dressed; he wasn't going anywhere. So he sat in front of the TV in his dressing gown, the towel nearby. There was a film he hadn't seen before. It was okay until this sex scene began. Inevitably it got him thinking sexy thoughts, especially about Meg. The couple on the screen didn't have his inhibitions. They were getting each other's clothes off in quick time. He felt his cock stir, and circled his hand around it. The woman was on top of the man now, apparently naked. Her breasts were small and pert, and he tried to imagine what Meg's would be like. Certainly bigger. He stroked his erection, imagining that he was entering Meg, imagining her gasps of pleasure, her body undulating beneath his own, her eyes closed in ecstatic reverie. Within a couple of minutes he was spurting cum in great white streamers, moaning with pleasure. And glad the towel was handy.
*
Next morning they both reported to the station at Bedworth at 8:30 in the morning. Someone had been in already to light the fires in the steam engines. They took a long time to get up to working steam pressure, so the fires had to be started well before the crews arrived. As usual, Gary and Meg were not rostered on the same engine. There were three in use today, and several trips would be made up and down the line, carrying lots of parents and grandparents with small noisy children. Gary watched as Meg climbed up into the cab of her locomotive. Was it his imagination, or was there rather more movement than usual under her top? He turned away and met his fireman for the day, a lugubrious character called Andy. Andy was older than him, and they had little in common. Not that there was much time for conversation in the cab of the noisy steam locomotive.
"I don't know what's wrong with me today," said Andy, without preliminary. "Pain in my gut. I must have eaten something that disagreed with me."
"Good morning to you too, Andy," said Gary. "You could see if they've got some painkillers in the office."
Andy went off towards the station office, but before he got there he suddenly bent double with a cry. He staggered to a nearby bench and sat on it, still clutching his abdomen. Gary ran up to him.
"What's up, mate?"
There were tears of pain in Andy's eyes.
"Don't know. It's bloody terrible. I think I'd better go home." He was instantly struck with another spasm of pain and doubled over sharply with a moan.
"I don't think so, mate. I think you're going to hospital." Gary quickly whipped out his phone and dialled the emergency number.
*
Bill the station master was fed up already, and it still wasn't 9 o'clock. The siren was just fading in the distance as Andy was rushed off to hospital. He was one crew member short and there was no one spare, although he could perhaps call someone in from home who wasn't on duty today. Not that he could command them to come; they were volunteers, not employees. Anyway, Gary was due to take the first train out, so he had better find someone to fire for him. He walked into the yard until he came to Meg's engine. She appeared at the cab door as he arrived and looked down, wiping our hands on a rag.
"Sorry to ask, Meg, but could you fire for Gary today? Andy's been taken sick. I can try and call somebody in, but Gary's loco is the first out and he needs a fireman. Well, fire woman, I suppose."
Meg brightened up immediately. "Of course, Bill. No problem at all. Glad to help out."
She felt a slight pang of guilt at being so grateful for Andy's collapse, but consoled herself with the thought she wasn't actually wishing him ill. It was just that his problem created her opportunity. In a moment she was climbing down from the cab and walking over towards Gary's engine. She climbed up into the cab where a surprised Gary greeted her with a smile.
"Bill's asked me to fire for you today," she said. "When do we leave?"
"Well, er, nine-thirty. Are you sure you're okay with this?"
"Totally. I fancied a change anyway. You okay with it?"
"Oh, absolutely. Definitely. No problem at all."
Meg smiled to herself as she turned away and picked up a shovel. She actually thought Gary maybe fancied her. She surreptitiously unzipped her top a few inches further.
"Well," she said. "Better get to those carriages and couple up."
*
Gary too felt a little guilty at having benefited from Andy's problem, but not guilty enough to stop him enjoying that morning. Meg was brilliant. Not only was she lovely company, but she was damn good at the job as well. She knew exactly when to say something and when to leave him to concentrate. She never needed to be told when more fire was needed for more steam. She just got on with it and used her initiative. He was getting to feel that they made a great team. When he got a moment he would cast a glance in her direction, sometimes as she bent to shovel coal, when her lovely round bum cheeks would strain the seat of her trousers. A few times as she bent towards the fire door with a shovel full of coal could see right down the gap in her top. Those gorgeous breasts just begged to be fondled. Somehow, the sight of cleavage was even sexier when decked with sweat. He spent the whole morning with his cock half erect, and thankful for the fact that his trousers were pretty baggy and didn't show up the fact.
They chatted when they got a chance, commenting on the scenes they passed. They were especially amused by the sight of the Rev Upjohn, vicar of Bedworth, wading through shrubbery as the train passed by on an embankment above his head.
"In the old days he'd have been catching butterflies with a big net," said Meg. "Now they're all protected species, and he counts them and photographs them for some wildlife society. He's often out and about. Nice chap, really, but a bit geeky."
She bit her lip suddenly, thinking that Gary was a bit geeky too. But Gary was lovely. She could imagine herself in bed with him, but not with the Rev Upjohn. She knew the vicar was married, but she couldn't imagine what sort of a sex life they must have. Perhaps they would pray at the side of the bed beforehand: "For what we are about to receive..."
The thought made her giggle, and she glanced up at Gary to see if he'd noticed. He was looking down at her, and she had a strong feeling he'd been sneaking a peek down her cleavage. She smiled at him and turned back to her work, surreptitiously sliding the zip down a little further.
Gary was mortified, thinking he had been caught out peeping. But Meg didn't seem to mind, and carried on regardless with her work. He glanced at the line ahead. When he looked back at Meg he thought that even more of her cleavage was visible than before. In fact, from this sideways angle on her left he got a good view of most of her right breast and the nipple which adorned it. He sighed inwardly, and his cock stiffened even more. He suddenly had an image of himself plunging it into her cleavage and cumming copiously over her breasts. What a glorious thought!
He was stiffer than ever.
*
The day passed with two journeys the length of the line. At lunchtime the two of them sat together with their sandwiches and chatted, warming even further to each other. Gary had got used to having what seemed to be a permanent hard-on, and Meg had decided that, whatever the day offered, she would go for it. And if the day didn't offer enough, she would go for it in the evening.
The schedule for the day was complete, but what goes on in running a railway is not all visible to the public, especially when something goes wrong. There had been a mechanical failure in an engine at Cockwell, and Gary's engine was going to have to run without a train from one terminus to the other in order that they would be enough engines to start of the next day's services. He approached Gary and Meg just as they were expecting to finish for the day. Bill explained the situation and asked if they could do one final run. The railway would pay for a taxi back to Bedworth again.
"It's okay with me," said Gary quickly, eagerly hoping for another ride along with Meg. "What about you, Meg?"
"Absolutely fine. I didn't have any plans for this evening anyway." Well, none that didn't involve Gary anyway.
"Just one thing," said Bill. "We've had notification that there may be a delay at the level crossing outside Bedworth. There's a military convoy coming through, so the gates could be open for some time."
Within ten minutes they were leaving the station and heading back along the line. Light railways are limited by law to a top speed of 25 mph, so travel is leisurely. Gary always enjoyed this bit of the journey, as the line ran a cutting with woodland on either side. You could be in the middle of nowhere. A mile or so out of Bedworth station Gary had to bring the engine to a halt. The signal just ahead was in the "stop" position, with its red semaphore arm horizontal. They couldn't actually see the level crossing, which was round the curve in the line, but the signal protected it.
"It'll be that darn convoy," said Gary.
Meg went and leaned on the cab side, sticking her head out for a view of the signal. Gary went over and leaned just behind. On an impulse she took his hand and put his arm around her waist, wriggling back into him. Gary thought he would expire from happiness.
"That's a lot more comfortable," she said. Her bum was pressed into him, and she could feel his firm cock through their trousers. Well, if that was how he felt there was no time like the present. She lifted her top and slipped his hand up and use it to cover her right breast. Even Gary could take end like that. He slipped his left arm around her as well and cupped her left breast in the other hand.
"And that's even better," said Meg. She found she was trembling somewhat, and when Gary began to stroke her nipples gently with his thumbs it got better still. She took a glance ahead down the line; still no signal. Who knew what they might have time for?
Her trousers had an elastic waistband. She slid Gary's right-hand straight down into her pubic hair. He gasped in appreciation as he felt his fingers slip between her moist labia. He found the firmness of her clitoris nestling in there and touched it with his middle finger. Hearing her moan of pleasure, he started to run his finger around it gently. He found he was rubbing himself rhythmically against her beautiful bum as her gasps came quicker and quicker. In what seemed like no time he felt her whole body stiffen and arch back against him, her head on his left shoulder. She let out a yell as she launched herself into orgasm. He held her firmly, his right-hand still working on her clitoris, until she begged him to stop.
"Oh no, that's enough," she said breathlessly. "Well, enough for now. But it was lovely. "
Gary was still amazed at what just happened. He was about to be more amazed. Meg pulled slightly away from him and slid her trousers down, exposing those beautiful buttocks he had been hoping to get a better look at.
"You must be ready to explode," she said. "I would much rather you exploded inside me."
So saying she slid down her flimsy panties and kicked them to one side. There was a piece of pipe work at the side of the door. She raised her foot and put it on the pipe, parting her legs. Gary loosened off his trousers and just let them fall. This was an invitation he was not going to pass up. He took out his cock, which was probably as big as he'd ever seen it, and slid it under that lovely bum. With a thrill he felt it slip between her labia. He felt her wetness on top of his cock, but the angle was not quite right. Meg slipped her hand under her from the front.
"Let me help."
She gently directed his cock into her wide-open wet vulva and he slowly slid it into her. They both moaned with the excitement that neither had felt for a long time. Gary put his arms back around her and held her to him as he slid his cock as far inside her as he could get. Meg glanced up the line.
"Oh," she said. "It's gone right up."
"I'll say," said Gary, feeling his balls up against the rim of her sweet wet sex.
"No, I meant the signal."
Gary looked up ahead. Sure enough, the signal arm had raised to the vertical position, indicating they should proceed.
"Just my luck," he said, and started to slide out of her. Slowly. He was in no hurry.
"Gary Tuck, don't you dare. You stay right where you are. I was just getting going, and you haven't cum yet. I want to hear you yelling in my ear. I want you to fill me with your cum. I want to squeeze you until I've milked every last drop out of you."
"But the signal..."
"Can you reach the regulator, and the steam brake?"
Luckily the locomotive was left hand drive.
"Yes, both of them."
"Then move gently."
Gary reached out to the steam brake and turned the handle. They were on a slight gradient, and the engine began to move forward slowly. He let out the regulator lever a little, and steam flowed to the cylinders. The pistons began to move slowly up and down, and Gary's piston moved slowly back and forth in Meg's lovely cylinder. With each stroke he moved the full length, slowly building the excitement in each of them. He slid his right hand back through her pubic hair and found that perky swollen clitoris again.
"Oh yes," she breathed. "That's how to operate the controls."
The engine moved around the bend and emerged from the cutting. Gary and Meg kept looking ahead, but there were no more stop signals. They weren't saying much by this time, but both were issuing moans of pleasure as his cock gently slid almost out of her, paused at the very rim of her vagina, and then slid slowly back in again. Meg loved it. It made it feel like his cock was huge, but without any discomfort. And she wanted it to last. She was savouring every blissful millimetre. But as the engine picked up speed a little, going down the slope, Gary's piston slid faster back and forth. His finger moved more firmly on the button, and she felt herself building to another climax. Gary was likewise lost in bliss, eagerly anticipating cumming deep inside her. He was dimly aware that they were passing the spot where the vicar had been counting butterflies. But Meg was heedless of whether anyone would notice, building to her second lovely orgasm, and had got beyond mere moaning. She was seconds away from it. Gary could feel the cum starting to move through him, rising in his cock, past the point of no return.
"Oh yes, yes, yes," Meg was gasping. Then orgasm hit. "Yes, YES...FUCK! FUUUUUUUCK!"
Her scream rang out as they passed the vicar, who seem to dive into the bushes. Meg panted furiously as Gary thrust his cock into her and held her tight, jetting splash after splash of his cream and groaning loudly with every squirt. They both subsided gently, slowly getting their breath back. He slid out of Meg, who turned and kissed him for the first time, heedless of the cum running down her legs.
"That was beautiful," she said. "Beautiful, exciting, sexy, blissfully, ecstatically glorious."
She produced a tissue from her sleeve quickly wiped her thighs. She opened the fire doors and threw the tissue inside. They both readjusted their clothing and adopted a more professional stance side-by-side. But they put an arm round each other as well as the engine headed on towards Cockwell.
*
The Rev Upjohn arrived home and sat in the living room while his wife brought some tea. He was still puzzling over whether he should tell her what he had seen. But they had been married several years, and they had certainly talked about worse than this. But recently, perhaps. In fact, certain aspects of their life might have been a little less active of late. But he supposed that happened to marriages now and then. Having had a sip of tea he cleared his throat and spoke.
"I saw something rather strange this afternoon."
"Really, dear? An unusual butterfly, perhaps?"
"Oh, no, nothing like that. I was at my usual place, near the railway, when an engine went by. That's not unusual, of course. It was what the crew were doing. Young Gary Tuck was driving, and he had Meg Allport for a fireman. Well, fire woman, I suppose. "
"Well, girls are doing everything that men do these days."
"Yes indeed. That's not the point. She was leaning half out of the cab, and as it went by and I saw through the open door I could see she was naked from the waist down."
Mrs Upjohn tried to conjure up a picture of this in her mind. She knew Meg Allport. Meg had a lovely figure, and she wasn't a bit surprised if her husband had found the image a little disturbing. Exciting, even. He might be a man of the cloth, but he was still a man.
"Are you sure she didn't have any pants on? I mean, maybe it was just as it was so hot on the foot plate."
"I am quite sure. You see, Gary Tuck was pressed up to her from behind, and his trousers round his ankles. I wouldn't have even noticed, but Meg appeared very excited and shouted something out as they passed."
"What was that?"
"Well, at first I thought it was 'duck', and I dived into the bushes in case something had fallen off the tender. But then I looked up, and saw the state of excitement they both appeared to be in, and I thought maybe she had shouted something else."
"I see. Well, they are both young and single, so I suppose they can do what they like. Nothing unusual about that these days. Besides..." And a wistful look came over her face. She was just thinking of those jiggling young bodies.
"Besides?"
"Well, I think most of us like the idea of making love in unusual places, even public places. It's the idea that your partner is so overcome with passion for you that he simply can't wait. I think everyone would like to be desired like that, at least now and again."
The vicar moved uncomfortably in his seat. "You think so?"
"No doubt of it. I mean, everyone wants to be loved, but most of us want to be desired as well. Hot uncontrollable passion shouldn't be underestimated."
She got up and took his empty cup from him. Then to his surprise she set it down on a side table and reached under her skirt with both hands. She quickly slid down her panties and threw them into his lap. Then she picked up the cup again and went out of the door.
"I'll be in the kitchen," she called back. "If you, er, need me for anything..."
*
Gary and Meg had the taxi drop them at the station. It was only a short walk up Church Street to Gary's place. Meg had already outlined her plan for the evening.
"I thought maybe we could get takeout meal from the Chinese. You could pop into your place first and get some overnight gear and a change of clothes for the morning. Then we could go to my place, eat the meal, and have a long leisurely shower. Then we could... do anything we liked for the rest of the evening."
"Sounds good to me. Did you have anything in particular in mind?"
"Something like towelling each other dry and then taking a very long time to get to know each other very well indeed."
"Sounds even better."
They walked hand-in-hand up Church Street. As they passed the vicarage they heard unexpected noises. The kitchen blind was down, but the window was open and there were loud panting noises floating through it. All at once there was a series of truncated moans, punctuated with cries of "oh God, oh God, oh God!"
They looked at each other and giggled quietly.
"I think Mrs Upjohn is having a religious experience," said Meg.
"Good for her," said Gary. "I've had a wonderful day, and I want everyone else to be happy too."
"That good, eh?"
"Fantastic. After fancying you for so long, it's been like a dream come true."
"Well," said Meg, "I hope to be making your dreams come true for a long time to come." Gary looked at her sharply, but there was no sign that she intended the double meaning.
"I'll drink to that," said Gary. "That reminds me... Shall we get some beers in as well?"