AUTHOR'S NOTICE: Copyright © 2020. This is an original work by HottieDiane (alias). The work is protected under copyright by United States of America copyright law. This work is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized submission to any other site.
AUTHORS NOTES: Our stories are first written for an audience of one, the love of my life, Diane. I also write for my personal satisfaction as well as you our fellow reader of adult erotica. Our personal descriptions are accurate, our goals hopeful, experiences either already enjoyed or highly desirable to us. We hope you enjoy our life accomplishments, love life, and fantasies.
MOVING DAY!
Our move in day came early with all the usual complications. A 6 AM rise, shower, check out, and breakfast. We bought breakfast for our movers too and we arrived at the appointed time of 7 AM. Fortunately it was a beautiful early summer morning, 60 degrees heading to the upper 70's just as we hoped. We planned to work today so we were dressed accordingly in shorts and comfortable sport fishing shirts.
Diane hates bras but is southern conservative by upbringing. Her comfort level changed with time and exposure to me and my likes and fetishes. Now, in the right setting, the girls sway free and they surely were this morning! I coaxed her to wear sexy short jeans that just barely showed off her cheeks. Observation by the opposite sex is very welcome indeed! Whiteout a bra and in these shorts, today was destined to be a great voyeuring day for our movers! I love days like this.
The moving truck arrived at 7:30. Two young men disembarked from the moving truck and six more arrived individually in their own vehicles over the next 20 minutes, mostly in pick-up trucks. Diane greeted the two movers who we first met during pack out in Maryland like friends with a hug for each. The others were greeted as they arrived with hugs too even though they were just meeting Diane for the first time. Diane is a hugger. In the kitchen, Diane handed out breakfast sandwiches, poured orange juice in cups delivering each and got to know each of them better.
I learned during our visits to our swingers' club back in Port Deposit, Maryland that Diane is a people watcher of both men and women: however, men are her thing. While she has a perfect guy image in her mind, she appreciates variety, especially at the swingers' club pool in the summer. Diane was clearly enjoying this. We can communicate just through smiles. Not only did she have a sexy smile, but her body language was talking too!
Our six local movers were all from the Raleigh area. All were in their thirties and early forties and easy on the eyes. A convenient coincidence. They were clean and respectful as well. These guys were as individual as their vehicles but were subtly similar too.
Diane started the tasks of the day by snapping them to work promptly at 8 before the last one finished woofing down his sandwich. My babes is from a military background, so there was no time to waste! The truck was backed down the driveway and the ramp set in place. With her meticulously written labeling, room destinations were easy to determine, and the guys were quickly trained to approach the front door with labeling facing Diane for destination directions as they entered the entry foyer. It did not take them long to realize the more they hustled the happier she was. The happier she was, the more flirtatious she became. Subtle, but flirtatious still.
While Diane was busy directing the unloading of the contents of our home, I slipped downstairs to our "Red Room" walk-in closet. I had a special box to unpack which contained a new sexy, okay slutty, metallic red string G-string bikini. Not only was it micro in style, it was a size small and micro. Just enough to cover, or not cover, Diane's nipples. She will bounce right out of it should she choose to please. The bottom is micro too and just enough to cover her pussy, and not if she chose to show off her butterfly lips.
The bikini was one of several intimate housewarming gifts for Diane along with a new vibrator with three vibrating probes, one for her vagina, a second smaller for her anus, and a smaller third designed to stimulate her clitoris. All three probes are individually programmable through a smart phone App. Double penetration with a simulated clit licking just for my girl! I also took a moment to unpack and arrange a swinger styled anklet, a scented jar candle, rose petals and a card. After arranging things perfectly, I slipped out to the garage to continue unloading boxes.
About 40 minutes in, I put aside my effort at sorting the garage boxes and I remembered Diane did not make it down to the "Red Room" yet so I gave the guys a twenty-minute break. I gave Diane a soft prolonged kiss in their view and took her by the hand and led her downstairs.
"Come babes, I have something for you!"
"Mmmmmm I love surprises!"
Diane giggled walking down the stairs as she reminded herself "We have a Red Room!" as her dream come true. The Red Room suite excites her and it's still just boxes, many unopened from Amazon marked with a Red Sharpie indicating these were special items. That was my idea so Diane would blush and smile with anticipation as to the contents.
Entering the Red Room walk in closet, Diane found the arrangement of gifts. I hoped they would be seen by our movers and indeed, the metallic red bikini was slightly rearranged, and the sexy vibrator had been checked out as well. "Excellent", I thought. I love this!
Diane was thrilled with the gifts and held up the bikini top and shrieked with delight blushing and dancing.
"O-M-G" she spelled out.
"This is SEXY babes!"
Then the thong bottoms.
"I've never shown so much body except for you and at the club!"
"I know! Is not that great! This suit matches you! Your favorite color and you showing it off too. You know I love watching the eyes on you as you elegantly stroll around the pool."
"Mmmmmm, I love you soooo much babes! I am going to wear this later! OH MY GOD! I am so excited! Wait, what is this? Oh My God yes! A vibrator! Is it charged?"
"No babes, unopened. It is a new design. Just like your favorite one that penetrates your pussy and massages your clit at the same time."
"Oh God yes, that's what I like! This will make me squirt! Yes babes, you know I want it! Tell me again how sexy I am taking cock and covered in cum!"
Just then, we were joined by one of our movers.
"Excuse me Ma'am. Sorry to interrupt but we are ready to roll!"
"Well I'm glad to hear that Craig! I am too!"
With a blush and shuffle, Craig offered "I noticed! I would love to see more of that bikini!"
"This?" Diane asked holding it sexily.
"Oh yea!" Craig answered with a smile.
"Let us see how things go today. You guys might get to enjoy a swim later." I offered.
"I'd like that babes! Please?" Diane said with a beautiful smile and obviously hardening nipples pushing against her shirt pockets.
As her blush became a broad smile, her eyes locked on to mine. Diane took Craig by the hand and took off for the upstairs. My babes with a man in tow. Mmmmmm, what a view!
I followed behind happy that Diane enjoyed her gifts, some yet to be opened even as we were interrupted. I made the top of the stairs in time to see Craig walking up the truck loading ramp and Diane, viewed from behind, fiddling with the front of her shirt. With perfect timing, Diane turned to face me in the hall. Nothing was said, just mischievous smiles exchanged as Diane had clearly just unbuttoned the third button on her blouse. "Fantastic!" I thought! My babes just signaled she is extremely excited and turned on!
For another forty minutes, Diane directed what goes where all the while subtly but intentionally showing off her breasts to eight men. I was thinking "Wow, I'm in love all over again!" I know my babes. She is a late bloomer and makes the most of our opportunities. If she is showing cleavage, she is excited and loves her breasts being kissed, licked, sucked, massaged and fucked. I adore her breasts and willing to kiss them every chance I get.
This was no missed opportunity as I quickly reached out, easily bared both breasts lifting them out of her blouse and kissed each nipple, returning them promptly to her blouse. I could see she was thrilled with my boldness in her body language and knew from experience her pussy just surged with wetness. Her pleased smile was priceless! I returned downstairs positive her she was enjoying sexual excitement between her thighs.
After forty more minutes of direction all the while displaying peaks of her plump bouncing breasts to eight men, Diane scampered down the stairs to find me. She told me she called for the next break this time inviting the guys to have more juice and take a breather. We were making good time and it made sense.
Diane found me unpacking the clothing meant for the Red Room closet including her sexy swimsuits, mini dresses, lingerie, leather and chain bustier, cup-less corsets, bras, shelf bras, thongs and G-strings. Also her assortment of "Fuck Me Pumps" or FMPs, strap calf pumps, boots, thigh high boots, leashes and collars and hand cuffs were all either in place hangers or on shoe racks or on the counter for sorting and storage in drawers. Finally, were Diane's assortment of vibrators, suction cup-based life like dildos, and sexy Hot Wife jewelry. A small fortune worth of pleasure for my babes.
Immediately upon entering the walk in, Diane's attention was drawn to the wall straight ahead where a large printed photo from a couple years prior of her snoozing on top of the covers, full nude, was hanging. Her portrait was oh sooooo sexy, a classic bun shot, buns worthy of worship!
"Oh My God!" she squeaked out. With a pause and a sexy look and shake of her hair, she calmly uttered "Baby, I love you too:", then smiled and took me in her arms for a hug and sexy kisses.
Diane released her embrace and said with a grin, "I need to get back to my guys. No idle hands allowed!" Diane spun around with a mischievous smile!
"Or bodies!" I offered.
Diane's face was aglow.
"Babes, you are doing a great job and I'm immensely enjoying directing the guys upstairs. When you come back up, I want another pair of bold kisses please" she said with another grin. I think I have them trained and they listen well! If you are okay with it, maybe they could stay for a while this evening?"
With that, Diane reached down to my cock and stroked it through my jeans with a seductive smile and biting her lips.
"Whatever turns you on baby!"
"Oh, you know everything that turns me on baby!" as she spins and heads upstairs to her men with a very seductive hip swaying walk.
Our relationship was maturing, and we were both comfortable with that. Age wise we were early mature. Sexually we were still in our thirties. We became members of a popular swingers' social club northeast of Baltimore called "The Private Affair". Diane was totally opposed to going there or anywhere like it - until I convinced her I was interested in her fun and exhilaration - and she read the general rules and rule for single men. It did not hurt that it was woman owned.
I was not interested in having sex unless it was with her. I was extremely interested in Diane experiencing many things. I know men are orgasm limited. Some of us, five minutes and we are done! A woman, oh my! They can be insatiable if treated right. We discovered a lot about each other and ourselves too.
We learned it is not about an orgasm but the trip to the orgasm that did it for us. We learned to adapt. My excitement and pleasure came from her being chatted up intelligently, maybe a guy trying to flirt, even ogled or flashed or touched by the right guy or guys. The first night we attended, we were watching the early activity on the dance floor. A brunette in a miniskirt was dancing provocatively by herself on the stripper stage flashing her smooth pussy to anyone watching. Diane was transfixed on her waiting for more flashes.
"I wish I had her confidence. I would love to do that!"
From that day forward, my daily goal was set! Encourage Diane's sexual confidence and help her become my insatiable babes for both of us! If she wants to dance nude for eager men and women, I am all for it! If she wants to be touched and caressed to drive her crazy, I will gladly set the pace and be the first and last to touch her. Wherever she wants to go sexually, I will love and cater to her every want and need. She is the love of my life!
As moving production continued, I worked unpacking my babes' sexy attire, lingerie and toys. A liberal use of hangers is amazingly sexy. My babes now has her own adult lingerie and sexy apparel walk-in closet. What I was doing was in plain view of all eight of our hired help. Each stopped by with varying levels of commentary and curious exploring.
Craig seemed to be the least shy and most excited of the six. I think I saw him squeeze his cock several times. I can relate to the affect with how sexy and open Diane has become with her confidence. More on that later.
Craig asked "David, was Diane an exotic dancer?"
He was clearly transfixed on the metallic red thong string bikini.
"No, but she looks that good, doesn't she?"
"I agree. She is exciting!". Craig smiled broadly and headed back upstairs. I am guessing he did not want to miss anything.
Trevor and Carl where curious and seemed to be entranced with the large photo of Diane nude laying on the bed.
"Yes guys, that's her!"
That statement encouraged a "Wow!" and "I would love to see that!", then they quickly turned to head back upstairs. I offered:
"Enjoy fellas! Be discrete and polite and you will see how well that works!".
"Yes sir," they both said with smiles. I smiled too and felt my cock hardening.
Mark was considerably less shy. "Will she mind catching me sneaking a peak of her cleavage? Is this closet Ms. Diane's?"
"I would love to bring my wife here to see this! This is like a dream room! Do you guys have handcuffs and stuff too?"
"Yes, it's still all boxed up. Diane has not seen the new goodies yet. Have you seen the movie series 'Fifty Shades?'"
"Oh yea, It's Tracey's favorite! Ms. Diane has us all excited Sir. My God she is pretty and hot! She is like a girl softball player! I would love for her to show us her body! Oh shit, I am so sorry I said that! Please forgive me!"
"I'm not offended Ben. I am flattered! I love her and whatever she wants I will make happen. Feel free to share your feelings with her ... politely and respectfully though."
"Ok, Thanks! She won't mind me sneaking a peak of her cleavage?"
"Won't hurt to try, just don't be a typical male. Compliment her but look her in her eyes only. You might see more. I know her!"
"Thanks! You guys are cool!"
Ben popped in next and took it all in. He noticed the blended orgasm vibrator and asked how it worked. I gave a brief explanation using the box. Ben was extremely excited by the phrase "double penetration.". I have to say, I was as well.
"I've only seen that in porn movies and once on stage at a strip club on amateur night. You should bring Ms. Diane!"
I appreciated Ben's forwardness and asked for him to get me the address and.
"Diane probably won't get on stage but she would enjoy the attention. She loves feeling eyes on her and it grows her confidence and excitement and she might just lap dance there. That I would be all over, or I guess under. I promise you if II can get her there and she knows its amateur night ahead of time, she would be the hottest woman there. Everybody would enjoy the show.!"
Ben smiled immensely!
Jason appeared last. Watching his body language, there was clear indication something was getting these guys were excited. Jason was wearing tight jeans and his cock was clearly swollen and I have a feeling Diane would have noticed too!
"Is that Ms. Diane?" pointing to Diane on the wall.
"Oh yes! Do you like?"
"Fuck yes! Those legs! Delicious!"
"I agree my friend. Let her see your bulge" I encouraged.
"Keep it subtle."
"Yes Sir!" Jason excitedly said squeezing his cock and immediately headed upstairs.
Something was triggering the visits from our six new friends. Maybe they were getting comfortable. Camaraderie was building and maybe they were experiencing sexual stimulus.
Forty minutes into the work session, Diane called for another break. As she down the stairs, I understood what was going on much better! Three blouse buttons undone revealed a sexy bouncing cleavage. Her smile was just as sexy. Diane rushed to me and wrapped her arms around my neck.
"Hi babes! The truck is unloaded. I paid the two from Maryland with the cashier's check, tipped them and gave each a hug. I rubbed my breasts on their chests. They were incredibly pleased, so I stood back and pulled open my shirt bringing the girls out. They loved it! So, did I! They were nice and thanked me for making their day." she gushed smiling.
"I love you babes! Tell me! How did I end up with six men in their thirties, all of them with jobs, rides and at least decent physiques, tans, humor, smiles, and they still smell clean after working for hours... oh and all of them like breast peeks and I think they are all aroused too! How did that happen?"
Diane smiled and laughed while twisting and turning rubbing her body against mine while I held her waist slipping in my hands. The view was exceptional. The hard-on in my pants intensifying.
"I have no idea what you're talking about my love, but I'll bet your beautiful cleavage might have something to do with it! Maybe your sexy legs, pumps, bare ass cheeks peaking from your shorts and your perfume alone excites, but when you mist your pussy like you do every day and get excited, we'll the result is erotic babes!" I settled into a relaxed and confident grin.
"Ha! I'm sure there is something going on...and I love the feel of it baby!"
Diane grabbed my neck with one hand, my cock through my jeans with her other and kissed my passionately, all tongue.
"Mmmmmm babes, I'm loving this too!"
"Good! I'm changing my cloths to something I know you will enjoy!"
As she sauntered and swished her way to her Red Room closet, I watched intensely and appreciated the confidence and sexiness she possessed almost as much as the view.
While I worked setting up our new round California King size bed, Diane changed cloths. She left the door open, so it was easy to see her in the mirrors in the Red Room. She was extremely hot perusing through her swing club attire. She stopped on a pair of short shorts I had modified for her years ago. She has a bit of mom soft middle and always will that keep the waist of the jeans tighter than she likes. The lust these shorts create with the fringed denim edges showing half her ass cheeks and just covering her clit in the front showing off her shaved smooth pussy and lips like a butterfly when she spreads her legs is amazing. She is my Hottie!
With Diane missing in action, the guys put themselves back to work carefully negotiating the stairs with parts of a disassembled Bowflex Ultimate 2 gym system and an elliptical exercise machine. Four guys worked the large parts around the side of the house and in the open Red Room rear glass wall and two brought the smaller parts and components down the stairs. All six arrived about the same time just as Diane emerged from her lingerie closet.
"Oh my God!" Ben exclaimed loudly.
Before her were seven sets of eyes locked in on 5'7" of sultry lust in the same shirt, but now with four undone buttons, only two remaining buttoned, and tied at the wait. Diane's denim short shorts were clearly showing off her smoothness right to her pussy lips. Diane's feet were encased in slutty black FMPs. I was once again falling in love and lust at the same time. I had a hunch I was not the only one.
Diane walked to the round bed I was putting together, lifted one knee onto the mattress, placed her hands on her hips and smiled at each set of eyes ogling her body one man at a time. She lingered on each of us waiting for an acknowledgement, saving me for last. While starring into my eyes from ten feet away, Diane finally spoke with a sexy smile and soft sultry voice "
"David likes to show me off. What do you guys think?"
Suddenly all six tried to speak at the same time with words of appreciation, lust, and raw sexual energy, "Fuck yes!" being the loudest! I think that was Ben again. Diane blushed, pulled her leg back to the floor and slowly turned shifting her hips, showing off her tight built legs and luscious shaved skin left and right of her most feminine shaved pussy.
As she turned, her luscious half exposed ass cheeks came in full view with the sounds of all of us shifting in our stances while rearranging our hardening tools. And that was just because of just four inches of tanned ass cheeks. By the time she came full circle, Diane was cupping her breasts on top of her shirt, working her mounds, enhancing and squeezing her bare cleavage.
"Guys, let's get this big Bowflex together and I'll show you how it works...if David allows!" she said with oh so sexy a smile.
A chorus of acknowledgement rang out. Diane very seductively worked her way to me, grasped each of my hands and paced them on her breasts and placed both arms on my shoulders and loosely around my neck kissing me passionately. She had everyone's attention for sure!
"Come with me baby. I need your help." she said leading me by the hand.
We entered the Red Room closet were she once again stretched her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. Diane stepped back three steps, smiled, and unbuttoned and untied her blouse laying it on the counter. She grasped her jeans and slowly slide them down without even unbuttoning and kicked them off. There she was nude except for her pumps with six men working in the next room. She handed me a bottle of massage oil.
"Oil me up babes. Work me really good!" she said with a twinkle in her eyes.
"With pleasure!" I exclaimed.
I started with her chest, breasts, middle, and turned her around. Shoulders, back, arms, and lovely hips and ass cheeks. Dropping to my knees I worked her buns more fingering her now oily anus, and down her legs all the way to her ankles. Spinning her once more, I oiled her sexy legs, knees, calves and feet. I looked up and smiled noting out loud "Opps! I missed a spot!" as I stood and cupped my hand squirting my palm with oil.
"Hold on to the counter baby".
Diane grasped the edge, clinched her grip and spread her legs two feet apart, her other hand on her hip.
"Ready babes?"
Diane pushed her pelvis and pussy forward and I rubbed my hands together then plunged both onto her pussy alternating tasks such as flicking and rubbing her clitoris, lip stretching, vagina plunging and probing. I worked her over well but held seconds short of an orgasm. She did not hold back on the sound effects.
My body was blocking the reflected view of the guys in the Red Room from seeing Diane in all her excitement. I stepped to the side and grinned. She looked at the wall mirror seeing twelve eyes looking her way with some of the guys squeezing their jeans holding parts and tools. BAM! Diane threw her head back, closed her eyes, shivered and orgasmed right there, right then, hands free! It is the sexiest thing she does.
I would have loved to of been on my knees watching but I knew I wanted her to be seen and this was better than I could have asked for. I quickly came around the island cabinet and reached around cupping her breasts with my oil and pussy soaked hands as she started to retreat from her orgasm. Beautiful! She is very ready to play for sure. She continued to grasp the counter edge and added her second hand to the effort.
"WOW!" Was all she could say. After she settled down after a minute, I helped re-dress Diane making sure she was glistening all over.
The guys were still multi-tasking with an assembly directions book, hand tools, parts fasteners and what appeared to be enlarged penises in their jeans, with wide eyes and wider smiles. "Damn dude! Lady Diane is so fucking hot!" I cannot even guess who said that. I was transfixed on Diane and massaging my own hard cock through my jeans.
Just then, Diane emerged from the closet and walked seductively to us all surrounding the gym system illuminated by recessed ceiling lights. Diane was blushing, her blouse re-buttoned but with now four buttons undone, smiling beautifully, steadily on moving.
"Thanks!" Diane said softly and sweetly. "I'm glad you guys liked. I know I did. I have been watching you cocks in your jeans all day. Now it is my turn to compliment you all. I can't wait to show you how the gym works."
I have had never seen Diane this excited anywhere but at The Private Affair, and not this confident either. My babes was on fire! Our new home, her confidence, my confidence, and the chemistry of these six men was probably driving her totally "Cra Cra" like she loves to say. Cra Cra is her code for insatiable sexual excitement.
As the guys got back to work on the Bowflex, Diane circled the project with her hands on her hips, four blouse buttons undone, shirt pulled open, plump no tan lined breasts on display. Her nipples were pushing against the shirt pockets. Every step rubbed her denim short shorts against her bare pussy. Her mound was partially on display too showing she was deliciously shaved smooth. Her ass cheeks were half bare showing off her no sag cheeks, thighs and calves. Her cheeks begged to be tongue. Her fuck me pumps were clicking on the porcelain tile with each step and were amplifying her sexy presence. Her smile was incredible!
The guys managed to complete in just another ten minutes. It was humorous watching them struggle watching Diane all through the room, her body triggered perfume and pheromones were permeating the room carried by the breeze through the open window wall wafting into the Red Room. The cool breeze reached Diane's nipples causing them to crinkle and ache and tell her they needed to be sucked and manhandled right then. She loves tit fucking and rough handling too, but always by one. She was enjoying the thought of being manhandled by seven sets of eager hands.
Now it was my turn to put on a show worthy of Diane's performance.
"So, guys, this setup has lots of capabilities. Babes, come on, let us show them how you get a workout!"
Without saying a word, Diane seductively walked over and straddled the bench and lowered her bare ass cheeks onto the vinyl covered bench and leaned back on the back rest. For dramatic effect, I straddled the bench facing Diane and reached up and pulled down the chest bar for Diane to take over, her hands holding the bar at the center cable, her hands close.
"Hold tight babes. So, guys, this is for working the chest muscles."
The six new friends were in a semi-circle in front of Diane, all thinking naughty thoughts, all eager for a shot of cleavage. Having seen Diane work this machine before, only her and I knew what was about to happen and what she would want to do next. You see, we have practiced this scenario before. My cock was hard. The breeze was cooling us both on the surface, but the sexual tension was incredible.
I reach down and squeezed my cock and worked it through my jeans in front of her. Seductively, softly, nervously, I said "Ok babes, I love you. Show us what you've got going on."
Seductively, softly, nervously, Diane said "I love you David Michael" as she raised the chest bar up to full height stretching her arms straight up closing the gap on her cleavage. Diane paused gazing her partially closed eyes straight into mine.
"Are you sure baby?" She softly asked.
"Oh yes babes, six times over, we are ready if you are." My voice quivered.
"Oh yes, I'm so ready." With a sexy "Mmmmmm", Diane spread har hands nearly three feet apart to the bar handles. As she reached, her blouse pulled apart wide nearly fully exposing her nipples to us. As she pulled the bar down, her breasts tightened, raised and pushed upward and inward. Diane brought the bar down to below her chest, Diane's beautiful 40 C breasts rose and swayed inward pushing the fabric of her blouse skintight taught. Diane continued for six reps.
With multiple groans, words and weight shifting, all seven of us were clearly aroused.
"Darling, you are looking sweet!" was my complement. "Let me help you a bit."
As I straddled the bench, Diane moved her hands from her lap to her hips to allow me to access her blouse. I unbuttoned the fifth and sixth button and leaned over and kissed her softly. I pulled the bar down once again as she grasped the middle of the bar and held. This time she was confident and in charge.
Diane glanced at all seven sets of eyes, mine last. With a smile, Diane raised the bar fully, arms straight up, then moved her hands to the bar handles just as before. The blouse once again opened wide; this time not as taught. Down went the bar. As she reached full down, she glanced down to see her full, plump breasts were fully out of the blouse, up and in, her nipples hard. Diane held tight and checked seven sets of wide eyes and mouths glued to her chest in amazement.
As Diane released and raised the bar, her breasts relaxed back into her open blouse. As soon as she reached the top, she snapped the bar back down again causing her breasts to jump to attention and pull inward like supported by a bra. Diane so enjoyed being seen. Several zippers were dropping, and cocks appeared one after another, all hard, being stroked.
"It's ok guys. Whip them out. She loves men appreciating her body. Go ahead babes. Work those tits. I told you they were exciting! Stroke em guys!"
With all six cocks out, the testosterone competition was on. Several guys were loosening their cloths dropping them everywhere. Diane was in heaven with six men stroking their cocks, watching her. She was feeling her pussy tighten against her short shorts. She loved feeling slutty and wanted more. When all six guys were nude, I stripped and joined them. I wanted Diane to know it was all about her. It surely was!
"Ok my love, time for your butterfly to spread her wings."
With those words, Diane smiled and with the bar down, her breasts at full attention, Diane closed her eyes, slowly opened her legs wide and moaned a loud near orgasm "Mmmmmmmmmmm. David!"
As her pussy spread open her lips unfolded and spread like butterfly wings. The sounds of hard cocks worked aggressively making wet foreskin sounds filled Diane's ears. She kept her legs spread and worked the bar and breasts watching all seven of us stroke for her. After a few reps with her legs wide, she raised the bar, let go, stood and started to work the waist of her jeans. Without hesitation, she slid her jeans down and kicked them off, untied her blouse pulling it off and threw it to the side.
Now nude except for her pumps, Diane immediately sat back down grabbed the bar handles, pulled tight, hard and steadily with a determined face tightening her breast. So, turned on with the bar down and breasts at attention, Diane opened her legs as wide as she could. She orgasmed immediately and loudly, hands free. Juices were flooding from her pulsating vagina; my babe was ejaculating with excitement while seven cocks were being stroked hard her men were matching her efforts. My babe's pussy was visibly soaked as were her thighs. Her fluids were flowing off the bench onto the floor, both sides.
Cum was flying from three men on my right, three on the left. Diane was transfixed, mouth open, watching the ejaculations from her six sexy men. She was somewhere she had never been. I had to act to make this moment "Ours". Orgasms were occurring all around us, but my babes Diane had only one. She needed more as I knew she was not only capable but insatiable tonight.
With urgency, I moved forward, laid on the bench in front of her, slipped two fingers deep into her pussy, and sucked her clit into my mouth. I pounded her pussy with two fingers as rapidly as I could, then three. I worked her clit like she works my cock, fast and sensuous sucking it in and out without letting it go. My fingers were working her G-Spot. My babes held my head by my hair with both hands banging my face into her pussy, meeting my finger thrusts.
Diane was so excited, she screamed out orgasm after orgasm, deep blended orgasms, flooding my face with her cum ejaculations over and over. I wanted to remember this day forever. I worked her and she had six squirting orgasm in three minutes, one for each man cumming in appreciation of and for her.
I took my time licking Diane's pussy, thighs and ass cheeks clean. I bent her over and probed her pussy and ass with my tongue making sure I did not miss anything. She loved the attention and my willingness to do this in front of others. Diane was truly Delighted today.
"Are you guys staying for dinner and maybe a dip in the pool? We have enough room for all of you! I am a little excited and we are very eager to show you more if you are interested. Please?"
Six still nude men eagerly confirmed Diane's request. Diane wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. In front of our guests, I told Diane:
"Babes, I want you to know these six guys aren't here by accident. They are not movers. When we signed the contract for this house, I started recruiting for this event today. These guys are here because they want to be, and I invited them. They have seen our photos and know who they are here for and why. We have talked for months about our dream home, found it and now we are here. And now, you have just validated everything I have shared privately. You are sensuous, beautiful, and now they have seen you firsthand, sexy, bare and incredibly insatiable. I love you Diane my love!"
Diane kissed me again sinking her tongue deep into my mouth.
"Wow! I so Love You!" she said stroking my now soft tool. Turning to her six new friends, thrilled that they were still touching their cocks, in her oh so sultry voice, Diane smiled and said:
"Wow! Guys, I am so excited right now I do not know what to say, what to do, hell, even who to do, but I think that should undoubtedly be David. I am so thrilled we are done unpacking and I saw none of this little celebration coming. This is all spontaneous for me. I guess I sensed this was becoming a sexy day, but wow! I have never been this brave and I am still nervous, but I love what we just did! It is like a play scripted for me, all my fantasies, fetishes, wants and desires! Oh my God! Really!"
Diane hugged and kissed me again, smiled, softly kissed, and asked oh so softly
"Babes, I so don't want this day to end! I feel so incredibly alive! You were so right! I want more my Love! Let us invite them all for dinner? We can do pizza and beer and Daiquiris!"
"Absolutely my Love! 'Diane's Delight' is open for play. For me, it is all about pleasing you and always will be. Baby, I love you."
Our Chapter 4 is all about Diane getting to know herself. Me and our new friends better, much better!