The incident happened after I graduated from college. As I mentioned in Ch.2, I went back to my parents home and at that time I didn't directly had a job after graduated. I spent most of my time stayed at home looking for job from my computer and of course do some flashing as in Ch.2. I said it previously that my favorite place to flash is at swimming pool and I know a saying, "The best job that you can have is doing your hobby," So, based on that I searched if there were some vacancy in some swimming pool which I didn't know what job that possibly matched with what I learned in college and hoped that I could be swimming everyday. My intention was not seriously looking for a real job but more for doing exhibitionist, I was really addicted at that time, so I searched for swimming pool that was not near to my house so then there would be slight possibility to meet someone I know.
I found one vacancy as temporary employee with 3 months contract at one quite luxurious water park where the entrance ticket was quite expensive so most of the visitors were people in middle class and above whom wearing bikini was normal for the girls. The water park was outside of the city where I lived and for me it was 1.5 hours riding with my motorbike if no traffic. The water park has some pools like lazy river which surrounding the whole place, wave pool, and many slides. For the slides, there is a rule to must wear swim ring and the job for me was as the keeper of those swim ring in the highest and longest slide there which was the favorite of the visitors.
There was always a queue especially in the afternoon which was the peak time of the visitors. I was placed before the stairs to the slide with piles of swim ring and the job was simply to stand there and give the swim ring for visitors and if there were some visitors that didn't return the swim ring after use and left it around the pool, then I needed to collect those swim ring from around the pool where the slide ended to the piles of swim ring where I was placed. The wardrobe for me was a speedo then I needed to wear a swim ring which was designed for the keeper. For the visitors, the swim ring was normal with holes just like swim ring regularly but for the keeper the swim ring was not hollow in the middle but there is a stretchy material with 2 holes for my feet so I didn't need to hold the swim ring with my hands and it could stay there in my waist. The swim ring for each slides were different and the code was the color. The one for my slide was yellow and it was quite big swim ring. the whole diameter is 1.2 meter and the width of the ring is 40 cm. It wasn't meant to be worn like me, for the visitors they should sit on the swim ring hole while they were sliding.
The job was really exciting for me as I said previously, most of the girls were wearing bikini there and for me there were times where I decided to wear nothing behind the swim ring that I worn. I just needed to be more careful because it was really clear to see me naked from above and all the visitors that I served would be going up the stairs so if they looked down they could see that there was nothing behind the swim ring that I was wearing. The holes were in the middle of the ring so for me either I hided my dick by pulling up the front part more but left my butt easier to be seen or the other way around and for me of course mostly I hide my dick and only when I planned to flash my dick I pushed down the front part. It was really exciting where I had to serve some hot girls knowing the fact that I was totally naked behind that swim ring.
After about 1 month doing the job and so far there were no incident related to my nudity and I didn't have any complain either, Even I noticed there were several times where girls were giggling when they returned the swim ring or they were coming back and forth to return and borrow the swim ring again after sometimes which I assumed they knew my condition and enjoyed it. Since then I always nude behind that swim ring.
Then there was one time where I met a girl who was my junior in high school with her friends. They came at 11 AM which was the least crowd time because it was really hot for swimming for most people. They just came and not changed their clothes yet. They put their belonging on the table beside the piles of swim ring that I kept. She noticed me and decided to greet me. I was really surprised for the first time after a month someone called me and especially with my nude condition. I remembered her directly with her pretty face that didn't change much since high school and now she has more mature body with normal size boobs and sexy ass. Actually we were not really close, in fact we never spoke during high school, just knew she was my junior and I was her senior. After we greet each other, she called another girl which turns out her friend in high school, that means another junior of mine but I didn't remember her at first and when she made me remember who she was, then I knew she was fat girl back in high school and now she is quite plump, of course her boobs is really big as well as her ass. There was also one other girl that I didn't know whose to me was the least attractive. She has dark skin, curly hair, and skinny with small boobs, and then 5 other boys. It was really awkward for me as I was nude talking to someone I knew and I was really careful by pulling up a bit my swim ring the whole time talking to them so my dick would not be seen from the angle of their eyes. They asked what I did there and I told them that I was working as swim ring keeper there while looking for other job to fill my free time.
Then there were 2 boys coming to us which I supposed their boyfriend. The boys were about to asked them to change the clothes but those girls introduced me as their senior in high school. As we were introducing ourselves I was forced to free my hand which was holding the swim ring to shake their hand. While doing it I noticed one boy noticed my nudity as I saw his eyes were wide opened for split second. Then they all left to change their clothes.
They didn't come back to their table for quite long time and I thought they directly went to other pool or slides but then they came back with their clothes still in their hands which meant they were not from other pools. The girl from my high school was wearing green 2 pieces bikini and her plump friend was wearing 1 piece pink swimsuit and they were really sexy. The fact that I knew them triggering my boner as I never see them wearing those sexy swim wear. While walking, the boys were laughing hard and the girls were giggling. I suddenly had a bad feeling when they came back and I guessed now they all knew my nudity.
Right after they put their clothes they all came surrounding me and my juniors continued asking some chit chat with me while the others just giggled. Until they asked if I had to wear that swim ring the whole time then my feeling getting worse and I got nervous. I told them that the keeper must wear that swim ring the whole time, they can check to other slide I said. Then the least attractive girl was behind me suddenly pushing down a bit my swim ring while said,
"All of them are also just wearing swim ring?"
Then she laughed followed by the boys because my ass was peeking for a split second before my reflect pulled the ring up and held it stronger. I was really nervous and couldn't say a thing and they just laughed.
They continued teasing me by touching the swim ring that I held and pushing it down a bit. I told them to just go enjoy the water park and they said they prefer to be there because it was really hot for swimming.
While teasing me, suddenly 2 boys from behind not pushing down the swim ring, instead they pulled it up really hard until my feet were lifted from the ground. The swim ring was lifted to my chest and the stretchy material in my crotch was stretched and put me in wedgie condition. My feet were kicking them but then other 2 boys were holding my feet. My boner was printed very clear behind that yellow stretchy material and from behind my ass was exposed because the mateial was slipped to my butt crack. My balls were really hurt and I was screaming a bit but they just continued laughing. Turns out that least attractive girl was very nosy. In that wedgie condition she was rubbing my dick from the outside of that material and somehow she became the one that was really active teasing me and gave command to others. All of them were laughing really hard including my juniors. I was really embarrassed because the swim ring was big and my hands couldn't reach my dick to cover it.
One boy told them to hold and took his phone to record me. They asked them to pose with my condition and took some pictures. There were pose where they all pointing my dick, or staring my dick with surprised face and many more.
I begged them to release me because my balls were really hurt.
One boy then pulling down the material between my crotch giving some space for my balls and said,
"How about now? No hurts anymore, right?"
They continued teasing me then I begged again,
"Please I'm so embarrassed."
They just continue laughing and said,
"If embarrassed then why not wear anything behind this ring in the first place? I thought you expect people to see your dick."
After some time seems like they were already satisfied. Then the boys that held me up they dropped me down and just when I stand on the ground, the one that was holding the material in my crotch moved it to the side of my dick quickly then they suddenly lifted me up again and now my dick with it's heavy bush is totally exposed.
They teased me even more excitedly. My juniors were quite shy they just looking and laughing. The nosy girl then came closer with comb in her hand, she pulled down my dick and combing my pubic hair. My dick was so hard at that time knowing a girl is holding my dick even though she was not attractive but she's still a girl and the condition where I was watched by 2 hot girls that I knew.
She then screamed,
"Guys, see he's pre-cumming!" while pointing my dick head and they were laughing so hard.
She even took the cum from my dick head to her palm then chasing my juniors to smear it. Some boys were beating my dick weakly to keep my boner.
The boy with phone asked them to pose again taking pictures with my dick totally exposed now with more pose.
I couldn't scream for some help because it was the place where I worked, I was afraid if my colleague knew my naked condition especially I was being humiliated.
As my dick was hard the whole time she told them,
"Guys, I think he's horny but he can't reach his dick, let me help him cum!"
She then without hesitation grab my dick and stroke it really fast, it was really not an enjoyable hand job, she just wanted to make me cum quickly. The boy with his phone was filming the surrounding where all of them watching my dick being stroked by this girl. It only took non-stop 1 minute of quick stroke and I squirt. Right when I squirt, instead of continue stroking until my dick faint, she directly release her grab and my dick continue squirting by it self. The boy recording my dick moving up and down by itself while "vomiting" the cum and they're all laughing so hard. I even just realized that no one were holding my feet anymore means I should be able to at least rebel but I didn't do anything.
After that they're now satisfied for real. The boys who lifted me then dropped me down and they left me to other pool. My knee were really tired, I couldn't stand so I sit for a while digesting what just happen.
After a while I stood up again and went to toilet, cleaned those cums in my dick then went back to where I was supposed to be. I was still nude behind that swim ring though because I didn't bring speedo.
I didn't see them for hours until it was at 5 PM which was the peak time of the water park, they were back to their table, I was quite busy serving other visitors that wanted to borrow swim ring. They came to me again and fortunately they didn't re-humiliated me. They just see and say,
"Still nude, huh?" then they laughed and left as if it was already enough for them.
It was really embarrassing and exciting at the same time as an exhibitionist.
Since then, I thought I was exposed enough at that place and the next day I worked wearing speedo as other keepers until I finished my contract and left the water park.