The sight of bikini and swimsuit clad ladies drinking cocktails on a Friday morning always made the barman's day and went someway to compensate for the tiresome dull days during the week when hardly anyone except for wrinkly old men and women visited the spa pool bar. Today was no exception, the yummy mummies, as the male staff and a few of the female staff referred to them as, come on the last Friday of the month as it is a 'Spa Special Day' where there are deals on treatments as well as '2 for 1' cocktails between 10am and midday at the spa pool bar. It was a glorious midsummer's morning and accordingly the outside swimming pool with its integral bar was very busy and also the hot tub jacuzzi set were in, resulting in ample compensation for the barman.
Today the barman was blessed with a real bevy of beauties as he would often scoff to his non spa friends away from work in an attempt to make them feel a bit jealous of the perks of his job. As it was nigh on impossible to carry cash or cards it became the norm to maintain individual tabs for the swimmers and hot tubbers and because of this the bar staff were easily able to get to know the names of the client and their preferred drinks. Each client would like to think that they were special for some reason when they came to order as the bar staff would know their name and what they wanted to drink when in reality it was simply just a necessity, but a nice one none the less.
Christine was often at the spa and fell into the barman's yummy mummy category, she would go mainly for the treatments and swimming as opposed to those who spent most of their time at the pool bar and in a jacuzzi. Today was a bit different though, she had woken up in a flirty mood and fancied showing off just how good she looked in her new swimsuit, confident that the bruising and welts on her back, bottom and thighs had pretty much now disappeared since the last session at Leo's. Christine was blessed with having skin that healed relatively quickly.
Leo's was a night club with the main draw being a dungeon bar in the basement. The staff would be dressed in latex uniforms, mainly black skater style for the female serving staff. There were no male serving staff on the evenings that Christine would frequent, that was not her scene. Christine was relatively new to the concept of BDSM and was keen to experience different scenarios, it was rare that a non-owned woman would go on her own, although she was once again meeting up with Tony. On this occasion Christine was subjected for the first time to the birching bench where she was laid out prone with her neck and ankles held in stocks and her wrists held with leather straps to the front legs of the bench. Her basque offered little protection to her buttocks and her stockings where pulled down to her ankles leaving her at the mercy of anyone who passed and many did.
The introduction to BDSM gave Christine increased confidence in herself, more so than ever before and has realised that although playing the submissive she has in fact a great deal of control over the sessions she was involved with based upon her safe words and soft and hard limits. Christine was still exploring the depths and intricacies of BDSM and wanted to experience as much as she was prepared to before she was comfortable with herself becoming owned.
Although vanity did not afflict Christine she looked after herself and knew that she had a good figure that defied her age. She also knew that the barman was taken by her as whenever she swam up to the bar he would greet her with a smile and by her name and then ask her if she would like her usual Hendricks and Mediterranean. Sure enough; as Christine swam up to the counter to join in with the others the barman smiled and said;
"Hi there Christine, you are looking wonderful as always, shall I mix you a single or perhaps as its such a lovely day you may wish to have a large Hendricks and Mediterranean?"
The barman loved the wet look of a tight bikini or one piece costume and had been on the lookout for Christine all morning. He waited and then watched as she took her dive into the pool from the far end and then swam her way to his bar. Christine was wearing a one piece halter neck swimsuit and had seen his gaze, she deliberately chose the breast stroke so that she could tease him with glimpses of her fine breasts every time she rose out of the water with each stroke, and yes, he was definitely taken.
"No thanks, I will have my dry white wine instead please, I assume you have something decent in, something like a Chablis, I trust you have a premier cru?"
Christine didn't mind what she had to drink, she guessed that he would ask if she wanted her gin and tonic but as she was feeling in a contrary playful mood she was going to ask for wine. If he had asked if she wanted a wine then she would have declined and asked for a gin and tonic instead.
"Of course," said the barman, and off he went on the hunt for a premier cru Chablis which luckily he found.
"Here you are, enjoy!" he said as he poured a generous measure into her glass.
Christine replied with a thank you smile and made idle chat about how busy it was while in fact she was checking out the other ladies around her. Sure there where pretty girls in bikinis with better figures, but these were all a lot younger than Christine and those who were similar in age also looked after themselves but appeared to have had some form of work done judging by the conversations around her. Christine is quite proud of her looks as she is all natural and people say all the better for it, particularly when impact play is involved. She finished off her glass of Chablis and placed it on the counter in front of the barman.
"I shan't be having another wine as it will soon be time for one of my treatments, cheerio, I'll see you next time."
Without waiting for a reply Christine laid back in the pool and using the counter edge she pushed off, this time she swam backstroke to the opposite end of the pool thus allowing the barman and anyone else watching, for that matter, a prolonged view of her breasts. Christine got out of the pool and stood by the side for a few moments, the sun was providing warmth and was drying out her swimsuit. She liked the way her new swimsuit enhanced her figure as it clung to her body like a second skin, all shiny and tight. Christine went back to the changing room, stripped off her now dry swimsuit and took a shower in readiness for her massage treatment.
The changing room was surprisingly empty and Christine took the opportunity to try on a couple of bikini options in front of the full height mirrors to see which would be best. Bikinis are not Christine's favourite as they tend to betray her body particularly around her belly and backside, the scourge of vanity does rear its ugly head in this instance. Once the decision was made Christine made her way to the treatment rooms.
"Hi Christine, just take a seat I'll be with you in a moment or two, you can remove your gown if you like, it's a bit warm in here already " said Tony as Christine entered his treatment room.
Christine just nodded and dropped her gown in front of Tony as he asked, then took a seat looking directly at Tony. Tony's choice of a seat was deliberate and Christine sat there with her arms and legs crossed covering her bikini top and bottom, she like the implied nudity of the pose particularly as the high windows provided flattering lighting against her body enhancing her figure. Tony turned his head and studied Christine for a while, he then stood up and walked around her.
"Stand up." said Tony.
Christine stood up.
Take a step forward from the chair was the next ask from Tony and Christine took a step forward through the light coming through those high level windows.
"Good, now shall we get down to business?"
Tony's eyes beckoned her to the massage table and Christine followed and lay front down revealing her back and legs to Tony.
"I am going to carry out a full body massage this time, this will give me the opportunity to check all of your body and make sure that you have recovered from the last time at Leo's, particularly from that birching and if not then I will try and speed up the healing process should you need it."
Christine first met Tony at the spa when he was just one of the therapy guys and she just one of his clients. After a few sessions Tony decided to increase the pressure to various muscles with Christine's consent, he told her that this will benefit her but there may be some pain to start with and then he would carry out a different technique to relieve any pain. Christine consented and after a few sessions began to actually look forward to the pain and the aftercare that Tony applied.
"Do you recall me asking if it's weird that I like the pain bit?" asked Christine as Tony was about to start at her shoulders.
"Sure I remember," he said, "yes, I remember you being a bit nervous asking the question and wondering if it was wrong in any way."
Tony was just using his hands on her shoulders while he was talking and was about to move down her spine towards Christine's backside when he asked if he could loosen and undo the ties to her bikini top, Tony also noted the ties to each side of her bikini bottom.
"I am going to have to loosen these to get a good look at you, I like the halter style by the way, it suits your neckline very nicely and the straps across your back are a nice touch too."
Tony would commit that to memory for future reference along with how Christine reacted to his touch, be that pain or pleasure. Tony had owned a girl before but the relationship as far as Tony was concerned was only ever going to be a Dom/sub dynamic and she wanted more than that. She became increasingly jealous and insecure when Tony was around other women even at work when it was purely just that, work. It had to end. Since then Tony has been content with the need for a Dom at a club where he would carry out tasks within agreed parameters and limits where a sub, normally a woman but not exclusively so, would like to try something in front of an audience or in private if that was the preference. Christine was one of those who liked to have the performance in front of a crowd where she was sometimes blindfolded and Tony enjoyed playing her 'Dom' persona with Christine being his 'sub' albeit only during a performance. Christine felt comfortable and safe in Tony's hands so the relationship was in all intents and purposes reciprocal.
"Yes I thought you might like it, I am quite keen on the whole halter and strap look." Replied Christine, "and yes, of course you can undo the ties, just don't forget to tie me back up once you have finished with me."
Christine enjoyed using play on words when talking with Tony, she would drop hints as to what she enjoys trying or perhaps would like to try next at Leo's. Tony was very aware of this so there was no need for direct questions as Christine was quite forthcoming with her wishes.
"Okay, I can still make out where you were birched but nothing that obvious so you can relax and maybe we can go a bit harder next time at Leo's."
Christine smiled at these words, her body was holding up nicely and had more to offer in terms of what it could be put through and recover relatively quickly. Tony is a skilled massage therapist who has developed the sensitivity in his fingers, hands and forearms to such an extent that he can gauge the correct location and depth to apply pressure with a satisfying good hurt that one feels when the tension is releasing. Christine would just lie back and breathe with it and day dream to when Tony would use his expertise to give an altogether different form of pain to pleasure experience. As Tony worked down Christine's back Christine would become intoxicated by the increase in dopamine and endorphins resulting in her wanting to have more of his touch, similar to any drug addiction. This is common with masseurs and their clients but more so with Tony and Christine. Tony was fascinated at first by the way Christine reacted to his massage methods and then he in turn became intoxicated by her responses as he went deeper.
Tony particularly liked working on her lower back, belly and backside where there was more flesh to dig his thumbs into before coming into contact with any bone. Christine would sense when Tony was getting excited by her own reactions and she played on that to get more from him than he was planning to give.
"How is my backside looking Tony?"
"Well, from what can feel there is still a bit of skin healing needed on each cheek, here and here, I am going to apply some oregano and coconut oil to help. I think I will give the birch a miss next time and just go for impact, your cheeks come up a lovely pink when a paddle is used after the palm."
The feel of the oil on her cheeks, Tony's touch and his soft soothing voice was starting to turn Christine on.
"Your touch is working wonders again Tony, shall I turn over so you can check my front out, I may decide to have my thighs and belly caned instead of my backside this time."
"Of course Christine, just let me finish with your backside."
Tony was working from the outside of her cheeks to the inside, then spreading them while working back to the outside. Tony over applied the oil just so he could massage her backside a bit longer than was necessary.
"You have a great backside to work on Christine, not too skinny that you are reaching bone too early and not too fat so you can't feel the muscle. I would say that you have the perfect backside."
Just as he said that he gave each cheek a playful slap to indicate the conclusion to that part of her massage and the indication to turn over, Christine was fine with that as Tony has frequently seen her naked.
"Well then Tony, how does this side look to you?
Christine had regained her playfulness from earlier.
"Let me have a good look over you then Christine and I will let you know."
Of course Christine looked great just laying there, legs ever so slightly apart revealing that she had shaved completely this morning, her breasts were to one side without the support of her bikini top but still very inviting.
"Are you going to use any particular oil on my front half?"
Tony just smiled and said, "Just the normal massage oil Christine, I don't think that I can enhance or improve this half of you so it will just be the usual neck, arms and legs technique as before."
Tony worked on Christine's neck with oil, along the front of her shoulders, down each arm to the fingertips and then back up her arms to her neck. He did this four times then on the fifth instead of going down her arms he went from her neck down to her breasts and gave both of them a gentle circular motion massage. Christine was already wet from the way Tony worked on her backside and now that Tony was concentrating on her breasts she was getting more aroused. Tony was fully aware of this and was enjoying every moment. Christine has a sensitive tummy and tickle torture was not for today so Tony moved down to Christine's legs and started at the top of her thighs with his fingers just brushing, more caressing, Christine's pussy lips as he worked up and down each thigh, each time working that little bit higher up her thighs and deeper into her pussy.
Christine was in dreamland now and was not paying attention to what was actually happening more just enjoying the feeling of the sensations she was experiencing. Christine was yet to experience a fisting at Leo's but Tony was working up to one during their massage sessions. He would sense when she was ready for something more extreme and right now this was not the time. For the moment Tony continued to work his massage down to Christine's calves and ankles then finally her toes.
"That's it we are done now, would you like a glass of water Christine?"
"Yes please, that was a close one, I almost had an orgasm while you were massaging my thighs!"
"Oh really? What was in your daydream thoughts while you almost came?"
"You know how my mind wanders off, I was thinking of getting fucked in the pool by one of the bar staff, Freddie I think is his name, he was working earlier."
"What, actually in the pool?"
"Yes, sex underwater has always fascinated me, I am not quite sure though how it can be achieved!"
"Well you should go and fuck him then, sadly there is no pool at Leo's Christine, you will have to leave that as one of your fantasies for another day, anyway we are at Leo's on Sunday hopefully you will be ready for some land based action."
"Yes Tony, I will be ready on Sunday no doubt about that."
"Are you okay to get up now? I have another client, Joanna, in a few minutes but you can rest up a bit longer if you need to and I can ask her to wait, she won't mind."
"Joanna Jones Joanna?" asked Christine rather inquisitively
"Yes Christine, Joanna Jones, my previous sub, she comes her occasionally for some facial work, she is worried out her sagging jowls so I give her a facial massage and a head, neck and shoulder to relax her. She is quite stressed out about it all and doesn't want surgery. To be honest, I can't see much sagging. If anything being stressed out will make it worse so I encourage her and tell her its not a problem and hopefully she will not be so stressed."
"Does she know about me?"
"What about you Christine?"
Tony was waiting for an opportunity to pose that question to Christine to see what her reaction would be. He has been looking at Christine to be the one owned by him for some time now.
"Well you know, our sessions at Leo's."
"Oh those," Tony paused for a moment before continuing,
"No I don't think so,
if she does it hasn't come from me, would it bother you if she does?"
"What if she thinks I am your girl, owned by you, how do you think she will react seeing me here leaving your treatment room when all you ever wanted was a purely Dom/sub dynamic?"
"It does bother you then!"
Good, thought Tony, the idea of being owned by him has entered her mind, time now for the next stage. Leo's is only two days away and Tony had to make sure that Christine was happy to go along.
"Look Christine, it makes no difference to me what she thinks and how she feels and it shouldn't make any difference to you either what she thinks or how she reacts when she sees you, assuming of course she knows who you are and what connection we have when you leave here. Now I suggest you gather your things and put on your gown and go along to the changing room, take a cold shower for 3 minutes then go for a hot stone session with Ruby, which should settle you down, and I'll see you on Sunday as planned, you okay with that?"
Christine nodded," I guess you are right, so what if she knows, what difference does it make? none."
Christine walked straight past Joanna without any recognition and did as Tony suggested and took a cold shower then went for a 30 minute hot stone session with Ruby while Tony dealt with Joanna. Christine cursed herself for feeling jealous over Tony having a session with Joanna. For all she knew it could be perfectly innocent as Tony tried to explain but Christine could not dislodge those thoughts from her head. The hot stones did their job with Ruby allowing Christine to lead any conversation, Christine said very little and was just trying to just stay in the moment that Ruby created.
In the meantime Joanna had grown a little irritated at being asked to wait to see Tony and just ignored Christine from Leo's when his door opened and out she walked.
"Well Joanna, how are things with you? I can see that there is some improvement, you must be doing those facial exercises I gave you."
"Cut the therapy chit chat won't you Tony, you know why I am here, was Christine in for one of your specials?"
Tony thought that this would be the opening salvo from Joanna in response to seeing Christine, which is why he made the Joanna's appointment directly after Christine's, to gauge the reaction from both of them, Not a game as such but certainly enjoyable to see in Tony's eye.
"She was just in for her usual full body prior to Leo's this Sunday, are you still planning to come along? Christine is very compliant as you may have gathered."
"Yes, I heard that you treated her to the birching bench, are you sure that was such a good idea?"
Tony thought for a few moments before answering, he had to show that it was his idea.
"I needed to see how she reacted to a thrashing, next time it will be a rod or a cane so I shall see how she reacts and recovers from that, I think that the gantry will come into play on Sunday as well as the bench."
"Oh I see, taking it up a level then?" asked Joanna
"You see Joanna, I need to find out if I can dial her up to 'eleven' as it were."
"We shall see on Sunday then if she is worth all your efforts then won't we."
The conversation stopped there as Tony began his facial treatment, not a great deal of talking could be done while one's skin and muscles around the jawline are being manipulated and stretched.
By the time Christine pulled into her drive she had filtered in her mind all that transpired today at the spa and was concentrating her thoughts for the up coming session at Leo's. Her life did not have time nor room for Tony but at the same time she needed his touch and attention to take her away from the mundaneness and stress of her actual life that exists outside of the spa and Leo's. How could she expand her bandwidth to allow for the emotion and downtime caused by Tony's influence was what she was thinking while having her warm bath.
Her mind replayed her thoughts when Tony was massaging her thighs and pushing his fingers each time deeper into her pussy, yes he was very skilled but did she want more than just his skills and knowledge of the BDSM scene that she is now enjoying?. Did she want to continue her emotional and physical life of peaks and troughs caused by her work and her play and if she were to just jack in her job would she then need the emotional and physical rollercoaster that BDSM gives her?. In her logical way of assessing a quandary she decided that she will make her decision after tomorrow at Leo's.
Christine's morning had been quite relaxing, all she had to do was to choose which outfit and shoes she was going to wear for later then put on her make up and make it as heavy as possible. Other than that she was just staring out of her window as usual on a Leo's Sunday with a coffee allowing her mind to meander in and out of previous sessions at Leo's mixed in with what she would like to try in the future. This morning however she was thinking specifically about what might happen on this Sunday and what Tony has in store for her, she was quite excited and enjoying her coffee and wand time.
To wear overbust or underbust?, that is the question she asked herself, did she want her breasts wandering free of have them held in place? After trying on several options Christine in the end decided upon a wet look halter neck red leather corset dress with black trim and studded steel boned semi underbust; finished off with black stockings and red stiletto heels. God I look good she thought to herself even before I put on my make-up as she twirled around in front of the mirror, I think Tony will place a blindfold on me as opposed to a full face mask as he knows how pretty I am so why hide me. Time was ticking so Christine applied the her make up and chose to wear red lipstick to match her dress and rosy up her cheeks on her now paled up face, the spider face harness will hold her hair back.
The car arrived for Christine to take her to Leo's, as was customary to maintain the secrecy of its location, Tony's driver placed a hood over her head for the duration of the journey which would only be removed upon entering the dungeon area at Leo's. Christine was thinking of asking if she still really needed to wear the hood, but she thought better of it, after all it added to the theatre of what would lie ahead. After a good half hours' drive the car pulled up and the driver escorted the hood wearing Christine to the dungeon bar to meet with Tony. On the way the driver said that Tony had something special lined up, within limits, for her this time. Christine was intrigued by this and wondered what was in store for her.
Tony had been at Leo's for an hour so setting up the gantry and bench and then getting changed ready for Christine's arrival. He did not need to wear a suit to show his dominant side as he could be as dominant in a T shirt and jeans as much as his Georgio Armani or Tom Ford suits. Today was a suit day because he knew that Christine liked him in his black Armani and Tony wanted to make Christine feel that he would do things specifically for her and in turn she would do the same for him. Although no formal contact had been drawn up between them; the hard and soft limits were in place verbally at least and safe words agreed should they be needed. So far no safe words had been exchanged.
Christine was led to Tony in the Dungeon bar which had been open for a while. Tony greeted Christine while she was still wearing the hood, they were now both in the Dom/sub dynamic for the duration at Leo's. Christine had no idea how many people were there to watch or what they were doing but she did not mind not knowing, it added to the thrill. Tony was wearing Blakey's toe and heel inserts in his shoes so that Christine could hear his footsteps as he walked around her, twice. On the second time round he patted her backside with a firm slap and then proceeded to place his hands on the exposed portions of her breasts and then to the wired support beneath them. In reality Tony was studying the corset dress and how it was fastened together as he needed access to the areas of her body now covered.
Tony leant over to Christine and stroked her hair through the fabric, when his fingers found the outline of the spider harness he whispered in her ear "Good Girl, now close your eyes."
This pleased Christine and she complied. Tony then removed the hood and allowed all those present to see Christine's face before placing the blindfold he was carrying in his right hand. In his left hand he was carrying rope. Tony stood to one side so that everyone could see Christine before turning her around and tying her wrists together behind her back and leading her to the spanking bench. Christine was familiar mounting the spanking bench with her hands tied behind her back without looking ungainly. Once she was knelt on the lower supports with her backside facing her audience, Tony then proceeded to support her while bending her forward so that her upper body was placed on the bench. He then untied her wrists and placed her arms in the upper support and her head in the headrest. He walked around the bench to ensure her body was adequately supported and then strapped her down.
All the while Christine was wondering what the 'something special' was, was it 'something special' exclusively for him, for her, or indeed for both of them?
One of the reasons she chose the corset dress was the lower half ties were undone with a simple tug, once undone the skirt section of the dress would just fall away revealing her bare backside, she was not wearing any knickers. While her mind wandered she felt tugs at the lower dress ties and this refocused her mind as to what would happen next. Christine was hoping it was not going to be another birching as Tony was concerned it would be too soon since the last time. What followed next was a sigh of relief as she felt the palm of his right hand slap against each of her ass cheeks, three gentle slaps to each cheek to get the circulation going before harder slaps came.
Her cheeks were feeling nice and warm as the blood flow increased following each slap, this was always the warm up and ensures that the muscles are relaxed, to begin with anyway. Christine loved the sound of Tony's palm against her backside and the way that he held his palm in place thus allowing his fingers to play with her pussy lips before going back to her face and stroking her hair and once her juices had started to flow, place his fingers on her lips and inside her mouth so she could taste herself. Christine's ass cheeks had reached a lovely rose colour now which was the signal for the next stage of her spanking.
Tony approached her and spoke softly to her, "Tell me, why should I give you a good spanking, what have you done to deserve this?"
Christine was taken aback slightly as Tony had not spoken before during a performance.
She whispered back "Umm, all I can think of is that I have been a bit of a tease."
"Hmmm, you need to do better than that," whispered Tony
Tony then raised his voice so that all could her him, "Tell everyone why you are being spanked!"
At this stage Christine still had her mind together and worked out what was going on now.
"I've been flirting people at work Master." said Christine in as loud a voice as she could manage.
"Have you now" replied Tony as he opened his briefcase and took out a latex flogger, "You know what happens to girls who flirt without following through now don't you?"
"Yes Master, I do."
Tony brought down the flogger on to each cheek with a flick of the wrist, Christine winced as she was not expecting the intensity of the first strike.
"Tell me, no, tell everyone here how many times you fulfilled these desires you have initiated on these poor people"
"None." was all Christine could say,
Tony brought down an even harder stroke to each cheek.
"I don't think anyone heard that, now be a good girl and tell everyone once more and don't make me strike you with this again" said Tony as he ruffled the flogger in Christine's face. As he strode back he brushed Christine's hair comfortingly to reassure her that all was going well.
"None, no-one, not a soul!" cried out Christine
"I see, now, do you get some form of pleasure from being such a tease?"
Tony was now in his element as Master and MC with Christine being the object being toyed with. Christine was now understanding what was going on or so she thought. In any event she was starting to get turned on by what was being played out. Exhibitionism and submission have always been on Christine's wish list before she met Tony and these have excited and satisfied her, but this new scenario is more like public humiliation and to some degree, degradation and this sensation is a new one that pushes her soft limits and yet still excited her. She is able to announce to the world what a flirt and tease she is where the only punishment is something she actually enjoys which is not a bad recompense for compliance.
Tony walked back to where his briefcase was placed and Christine heard the 'click click' of the two catches opening and wondered what would be after the flogger. Tony approached her backside armed with a wooden paddle in each hand and after walking around Christine and giving her a gentle kiss on her forehead he commenced paddling with no break and with an increase in relentless intensity until her ass cheeks were a fiery red and the pain approaching its hard limit.
Tony stopped for a moment to take a breath and gauge the audience, they were all paying attention even those on the receiving end of a blow job that is customarily given randomly by the hostesses. Good, thought Tony, I, no, we have their full attention. Again Tony went back to Christine and conducted a light Indian head massage which she was grateful for as it showed how pleased Tony was with her performance.
"Now, are you going to continue to be a naughty flirt?" Tony loudly asked Christine
"No, not anymore my Master."
Christine flinched and both paddles came down on her already quite sore backside.
"You may have misheard the question, let me repeat it, are you going to continue to be a naughty flirt?"
"No, not anymore my Master." said Christine once more as loud as she possibly could.
Both paddles came down again across her cheeks, Christine was at her hard limit of pain now.
Tony was aware of this and went back to Christine and stroked her forehead and gave her a kiss on her lips as he saw that she was trembling.
"Now I am going to ask you one last time, are you going to continue to be a naughty flirt?"
The penny dropped finally and Christine murmured "Yes, yes I am going to continue to be a naughty flirt Master."
"There's a good girl" was all that Tony said but his actions of aftercare said more.
Tony then released Christine from the spanking bench straps and in front of everyone added red leather wrist cuffs to Christine and hoisted her to the gantry then he added the finishing touch, a leather O ring day collar. It was now time for Christine's caning, she was still blindfolded when Tony fitted a gag and then lifted up her corset and unclipped her stockings from her suspenders to allow free access to her belly and thighs. Christine scarcely made out the swish sound a cane makes as its flicked through the air just before it came down on the top of her thighs. Then came the gentle tap tap tap of the cane on her skin before being drawn back and coming down again with some force. This time Christine was prepared for the impact and was able to brace herself.
At that point in the performance Joanna came on stage from the audience area in a one piece PVC catsuit armed with another cane, she waltzed over to where Tony stood and for the benefit of the audience she wiped some cum from her mouth, she had been enjoying teasing the men to try and take their mind away from the spectacle unfolding in front of them. She then pretended to whisper something in Tony's ear then walked over to Christine where she gave a single strike to her tummy. Christine was confused for a moment then assumed Tony had a second cane. While Joanna was tap tap tapping and then striking repeatedly alternating between Christine's tummy and thighs Tony walked off to his briefcase with heavy foot steps so that Christine would recognise this while at the same time being caned.
Tony retrieved a leather harness and wand and walked over to Christine where he fitted the harness around her thighs and hips, inserted the wand in its holder and switched it on to a low setting and walked away. Christine was not prepared for this type of stimulation as she was anticipating more from the cane. It only took a short while for her brain and then the rest of her senses to work out what was going on. Christine would often dream while she looked out of the while playing with her wand about being tied down with her legs held apart while a Dom would administer the wand but she never consciously spoke with Tony about it. Christine thought that this was going to be amazing but who was helping Tony?
Joanna would continue with the caning, Tony would continue to go to the wand and up the vibration level a notch and Christine would continue to get turned on. This went on for while until Joanne stepped forward to increase the vibration to maximum setting while Tony removed the blindfold. By this time Christine had already cum twice and was blissfully unaware of what was happening as she was oblivious to the occasion now and fully immersed in the endorphin release. Christine then came for a third time, her body was wracked with waves of pleasurable contractions in amongst the pain from the spanking and caning. The show was then over and Joanna left while Tony took Christine down in his arms and carried her to one of the side rooms to provide well deserved aftercare in private surroundings.
Christine was exhausted both mentally and physically from her session at Leo's. But while she was laying there cradled in Tony's arms she realised that she was now fully awakened sexually and understood what Tony was teaching her to be. Although she was initially angry at the sight of Joanna she realised that her addition demonstrated just how important it is to not let other emotions get in the way of a Dom/sub dynamic. Her Dom/sub dynamic with Tony will be the same as many others with the giving and receiving of power and her way of escaping into a world of fantasy through sexual expression and to safely explore power exchange, trust, and vulnerability. Something that Tony and Joanna could ultimately never have achieved.
It was a dull and dreary midweek afternoon at the pool bar, all the wrinklies had gone and Freddie was left alone for the final hour, sure there was plenty he could do in that last hour but nothing that would make the time pass quicker. While Freddie was in the cellar he heard to pool door buzzer, typical, he thought, I have pretty much cleared down and stocked up the cold shelves. As he entered the bar he saw the swimmer dive in leaving her dropped robe poolside. It took a few moments for Freddie to work out who this was but there was Christine swimming her breaststroke towards him with her breasts bobbing in and out of the water more so than usual. Thinking on his feet Freddie poured a glass of the nearest dry white wine to hand and mixed up a Hendricks and Mediterranean in readiness for when Christine would reach the bar while all the time watching her in the pool.
After what seemed like an eternity Christine arrived at the bar and sat on the bar stool directly in front of Freddie, the seat was just above the water line revealing that she was naked aside from her day collar.
"Err, hi Christine, we don't normally see you midweek," stumbled Freddie "I wasn't sure what you wanted, we have no premier cru Chablis in but this is still a good wine, but I have mixed you up a gin and tonic if you prefer that?"
Freddie was transfixed at the sight of Christine sat in front of him, her skin naked aside from the water droplets from the pool that seemed to enhance her glow more even more so than normal.
"That's a nice necklace you are wearing" was all that Freddie could think of saying although he was thinking other things.
She looked at him. She was a different woman now and said, with a glint in her eye, "Thank you Freddie, I earned it last weekend."
Christine then leant towards Freddie, her breasts gently swaying as she lifted herself from the stool. Freddie stood there motionless, unable to move as Christine came closer and whispered in his ear as she took his free hand and placed it on her left breast.
"I'll let you into a little secret Freddie, I didn't come here today to drink........"