The desert heat bakes in waves across the motel car park, even in this early morning light. The pastel colors of the siding contrast an unending blue sky, the only shade provided by the tall palms dotting the pavement. By the time I make it to the adjacent conference centre a light sweat has broken across my skin. The air conditioner shocks me as I walk inside, hardening my nipples and reminding me I woke up alone and not in your arms this morning.
Following the signposts, I find our medium sized room. Ridiculously oversized for the six of us participating face to face in normal times, but in Covid times, just enough to allow safe distancing. The other four participants have arrived, and I take the last seat at the head of the horseshoe arranged tables, I have the entire row to myself. I open the laptop, as the speaker across the room starts, joining the Zoom with most of the other couple of dozen participants.
Raking my eyes around the room, I catch the man on the far-left staring at my chest. I give him a hard look, and he averts his eyes. This is going to be a long day.
My phone silently alerts me to an incoming message. My heart flutters as I realise its you.
'Hello kitten, just checking you are all settled in?'
'Yes, where are you?' I text back.
'I'm on the train heading to the city.'
'I wish I was with you. I'm in a conference room with this rooster looking at me like I know you want to fuck me, and I'm like aahhhh no I don't. While simultaneously texting u and squirming in my chair. It's making me miss you so badly.'
'Hmm what are you wearing?'
'Pencil skirt, thin blouse, no stockings it's hot here.'
'And underneath?'
'Matching lace set, nude as you can kind of see it through the blouse.'
'Mmmm delicious. Is every man in the room staring at your blouse, trying to see those tits?'
'Should I put my arms above my head and stretch back in my chair and see?'
'Oh yes, arch your back and give a tiny little whimper/purr as you stretch.'
'Ok.' I link my hands behind my neck and drop my head over the back of the chair. My hard nipples sit proud on my soft breast, pointing straight at the celling. I moan as if stretching out my back, and I feel all eyes on the room on me.
'5/5 looked at that.'
'Now play with the tip of your pen against your lips.' I love this playful sexy side of you.
'Ok doing the pen.'
'I still have three of their attentions.'
'Good girl. Do you enjoy the tease, or is it more about knowing you could have five hard cocks on that conference table if you wanted?'
'Both Daddy.'
'You need to be told what to do.'
'Yes.'
'Given permission to unleash your inner slut.' My pussy flutters at the dirty name.
'Yes.'
'Under your Master's watchful eye. You need to be told it's ok to kneel and choke on a hard cock in a dark alley or crowded nightclub.'
'Yes.' Your words are a flame to my rising desire.
'You need to feel safe being tied to the bed and tortured with hot wax and clothespins.'
'Yes.' God, I miss you. I want you. I read the texts in your voice; my lace underwear dampens.
'You need someone to remind you to leave your panties in the drawer next time you go out in that tight skirt.'
'I do.'
'Someone who knows how to make your skin tingle with his hand, his belt, his riding crop, in such a way that you feel vividly alive.'
Fuck yes, 'Yes.'
'My skin is tingling now.' I text you.
'Mmmmm are you biting your lip?' I have no idea, I'm lightheaded, loosing my mind.
'I am actually thinking I might come. My pussy is so wet. My breathing is heavy.'
'Arch your back and rock your hips ever so slightly in that chair.' Your voice echos in my mind, like a silk sheet dragging across my skin.
'Oh fuck.'
'Imagine the reward your Master will give you if you cum right there.'
'Oh God.' I want that.
'Good little slut.' I lean forward desperate for pressure on my aching pussy. 'It's ok to cum.'
I glance around the room. They are all absorbed in the zoom.
'Feel the pleasure.' My face is starting to betray me. I switch off the camera.
'So forbidden.'
My fingers ache to find their way to my core, trapped out of reach in my conservative skirt. 'I wish I was wearing pants.'
'The seam of some tight jeans would make you cum nicely.'
'I'm really wiggling.'
'You'll just have to try harder.'
'Do you think they can tell what I am doing.'
'Who cares what they think. Is there a something you can sit on to create pressure against your clit?'
'No,' my laptop and the phone with your naughty messages are the only thing on the desk in front of me. 'Should I sit on my hand?'
'I hope they're all rock hard watching you out of the corner of their eyes. I bet they can smell your sex.'
'Probably.' The familiar musk has permeated the air around me.
'I dare you.'
I slide forward in my chair and cock my hip. Dipping one shoulder slightly I slide my palm under my ass. All the wiggling in my chair has lifted my knee length skirt, so it is now sitting mid thigh. The slit in the back of the skirt has inched up, allowing me access. Discreetly I slide the panties to the side. I tuck my knees and ankles demurely together, off to one side. I'm so wet, my middle finger slips easily inside my ready hole. I can't get enough reach, my long finger sinking only fingernail deep.
'Cum.' He texts, 'Be Daddy's good little whore.'
I'm fucking myself with my finger, the panties pushed to the side have found my clit. I grind my hips into my hand, desperate for relief. In the room someone speaks, bringing me back to the present. I raise my eyes, they are speaking to their screen. The movements of my finger are slight, I hope it looks like I have just propped myself up on the edge of the chair for a change of position after a long morning.
'Imagine it's me sitting across from you, watching. I know what you're doing.'
Your words are sending me mad. I'm trying so hard not to whimper, to hold onto some inhibition.
'Later tonight I am going to punish you for being so filthy.'
My right finger pumping inside me, my body starts to betray me. With my left hand I slowly punch out a text, 'My leg started shaking. I think they know.' My high heel twitches on the floor.
'Mmmm finish what you started. Daddy will ALWAYS push you further.'
I'm so wet my finger continues to slide deeper inside me. Horrified I hear the sounds of my wetness.
'I can hear my pussy squishing, can they?'
'I bet they can. Look at them. Which one of them has a wet spot in his shorts from precum?'.
But I can't, a golden warmth washes over me, at the same time wetness soaks my hand. Somehow, I punch out one letter at a time,
'Cumming.'
Numbness and ecstasy encompass me as an avalanche of pleasure washes through me.
'I came for you. I'm shaking but not too bad.'
'Mmm that is the correct statement. You came for Me. How did it feel?'
'It feels so good Daddy.'
'How does it feel inside?'
'I can't slow my heart down. I'm trying to breath softly. No one is looking at me now.'
'Lol show's over.'
'Thank you, Daddy, you always give me what I need. I guess I had better go and do some work.'
'Lol oh NOW you want to be productive?'
'Hahaha not really.'
'I'm taking you out.'
'Here?'
No reply. My thoughts are muddled. I picture him on the train smiling at me as I try to solve the simple question.
'Oh, for dinner, at home?' It finally clicks. 'Sorry someone just made me cum in the middle of a Palm Springs conference room. I'm a bit out of it.'
'It's ok. As much as I enjoy your intelligent brain, it's also fun to turn you into a brainless fuckdoll.'
'I love that you can do that to me.'
'And tonight, when you get home, you will kneel in front of me and suck my cock. Can you devote your entire body to my pleasure without getting distracted by the ache in your pussy?'
'I will try Daddy.'
'We will practice until you can. Some serious denial. Until you're devoted to my orgasm, not your own.'
'Yes. You are so sexy btw.'
'Thank you kitten. Problem is, it's so fucking fun making you cum in public places and inappropriate situations.'
'I far too willing of a participant.'
'I can play with you using denial, which is fun and kinda mean in a kinky way. Or I can torture you by making you cum mercilessly, over and over, until you're begging for mercy.'
'Both please.'
'Good answer. Good girl. Have you been blowing off your conference this whole time?'
'I'm pretending to work but yes. They have gone off to eat I'm still in here. I love it when you say good girl - it sends a jolt straight to my centre.'
'I like it when you are my good girl.'
'Well isn't that serendipitous?'
'Are you alone in that conference room?'
'Yes - the door is open they are just in the foyer. I can hear them, sort of see them.'
'Mmmm rub your cunt for Daddy. Quick before they come back.'
'I'll have to pull my skirt up.'
'Slide your panties off and put them in your bag.' With a blind obedience belonging only to you, I drag them over my heels and stuff them inside my handbag.
'Ok done.' I lift my skirt higher, spreading my legs slightly, as far as the tight skirt will allow.
'Pretend I'm there. Fuck me. I'm going to bend you over that big table, tug your skirt up, and push this throbbing dick into you.' More maddening words, strip away any remaining inhibition.
'Ok.' Short answers are all I can punch out. I find my hard bean easily, still slick.
'Your cunt is mine to use.' My pussy aches with each message.
'Oh, fuck yes.' My hips slide down towards the edge of the chair.
'You're going to spend the rest of the meeting with my hot cum dripping out of your cunt.'
'Yes.' The warm, intense pressure continues to build.
'Fuck baby I'm gonna cum in that tight young pussy.'
'I'm so wet.' My fingers rub and pinch my clit, softly, urgently, my slit and insides tingle wildly.
'I can feel your wetness dripping down my balls as I pound you from behind.'
'Oooo.' Words and coherent thoughts are beyond me at this point.
'My hand over your mouth so no one hears you getting fucked deep and hard. Grunting and growling "fucking take that cock."'
'Close.'
'Cum on my dick you little whore.' My cunt is achingly empty, I'm so desperate to be filled by you.
I bite my lip to hold in the moan as the orgasm builds.
'Dirty little slut.'
I can't write back. I double click the love heart, message received.
'Cum on my dick and feel my hot spunk erupting into your slick cunt.'
As if my body knows to behave, I erupt gently. 'I'm cumming.' I manage to text you. I need you to know you have bought me undone.
'Yes, baby, yes. Good little fuckdoll.'
Wave after gentle wave crashes over me. My fingers don't stop. 'Still,' is all I can manage to punch out, each letter an effort.
'Yes. I feel it. Your wet pussy is pulsating on my shaft.' Finally, I draw my hand back, checking for eyes on me before licking my fingers clean.
We are both silent as I recover, so gentle you give me space and time.
Finally, 'Oh my God.' I manage.
'Mmmmm fuck baby.'
'Someone called out and asked if I wanted a sandwich at some point. I had to try to answer.'
'Hehe.'
'No, thank you - so polite.'
'Even when you're being a whore you have good manners.'
Somehow my throbbing pussy still wants more.
'Oh fuck, how am I more fucking horny now than I was this morning. You have ruined me.'
'Whatever shall we do about it?'
'I don't know but I can smell my cum.'
'Mmmmm I bet the whole room smells like horny girl.'
'I think one of them may have seen me.'
'Good, let him fantasise. I love pushing you to be filthy.'
'You seem to be quite good at it. I should go before you make me a naughty girl again.'
'I will never not make you a naughty girl.'
'That last orgasm was so long and soft and gentle. It was really beautiful thank you Daddy.'
'My absolute pleasure, pet. I love unleashing your hidden desires.'
'I can't wait to get home to you.'
'I'll be here waiting.'