Nighty Night
Nocturnal permissions
There were many loving hugs and lingering good-night kisses exchanged before the two sex-drunk couples retired to their respective suites for the night. The hosts had enthusiastically impressed upon their guests that if there was anything they required, 'anything at all', they were to simply knock on their door and their needs would be attended to. They stressed that they would still be awake for some time yet and they were just across the hall.
Tom eventually joined Cate in their suite's giant bathtub and they playfully scrubbed each other with a thoroughness that was both cleansing and stimulating. Cuddling in bed post-soak, they began the process of dissecting the remarkable events of the evening. The need to reconnect with each other after their crazy orgiastic experience was important to both of them. They needed to make sure they were still solid as one and to express the deep, unconditional love they felt for each other.
Cate was snugly tucked against her husband, her head on his chest and her hand gently stroking his thigh. She relished the closeness... the feelings of pure bliss and satisfaction that they were experiencing with each other in the moment.
"Wow, quite the night, huh?" said Tom, finally breaking the silence.
"Yes, it sure was," Cate said, her voice almost a whisper. "Pretty unbelievable."
"You all right?"
"I'm wonderful. You?"
"Honestly, not sure how I could be better," Tom replied.
"So, everything's good, right? No regrets? Are we okay? Cate asked. "That was a pretty big step for us."
"Yup, everything's good, my love. No regrets at all. About anything. We're totally fine, baby. Please don't worry," Tom said, wanting to put his wife's mind at ease should she be feeling any 'buyer's remorse'.
"So I didn't go too far with Jason? Or Sasha, for that matter? Nothing made you anxious or nervous? Or jealous? I was really the full-on super-slut tonight and I'm just a little worried about how you feel about it." Cate asked, hoping that her lewd and lascivious actions didn't negatively impact their relationship.
She was aware of how much he liked to see her exposed or in action but tonight they had taken it much further than they ever had before, so the need for her to double-check on his thoughts and emotions was important.
"Oh, boy. Yeah. Talk about letting your freak flag fly, You were a woman possessed, that's for sure," he chuckled. "But let's face it, I pushed you in that direction, big time. I told you when we got here that you could do whatever you wanted to do and I meant it. I was mentally and emotionally prepared for everything that happened, so no... no anxiety... no jealousy... no feelings of inadequacy or anything like that.
"Everything that went down just seemed like a natural progression for the evening. We could hear you two during your 'tour', so it was apparent that you guys were getting up to something up there. Although we weren't sure exactly what that was, we knew that by letting you go by yourselves we were giving tacit approval for whatever shenanigans you were going to get up to. The whole idea of you two fooling around, and of course the sounds of passion, actually started to turn us on downstairs. We talked a bit about what would happen when you came back down and decided it was high time that you and Jason finally consummate your mutual desire if you were into it. Our staying back to play backgammon was our way of giving you two the opportunity to have some private time and see how you were going to connect. What did you end up doing with him on the tour, by the way?"
"He actually did end up giving me a tour of the place. We saw every room on the second level. It's pretty amazing. You should go take a look around tomorrow. Maybe get Sasha to take you on a little tour as well. Anyway, the tour certainly did give us a chance to reconnect and feel each other out so to speak. Basically, we talked quite a bit and then ended up engaging in some pretty serious reciprocal oral hi-jinx. I may not be the brightest gal on the planet but when you said you were staying behind with Sasha I understood that you were basically giving me permission to engage with Jason alone in some way. He and I had a pretty serious conversation in one of the rooms where he apologized for his ceaseless sleazy seduction attempt and his shabby treatment of you. He was contrite and very genuine. That's when I decided he deserved a little treat for being a good boy and turning over a new leaf," Cate said, seductively licking her lips.
"I ended up stripping for him and he went down on me, giving me a pretty powerful orgasm, which I guess you guys probably heard. I was loud," she said with a laugh. "He's good at it. Not as good as you but a close second. I, of course, being the thoughtful and grateful guest that I am, felt obligated to return the favour... so I did. As you know, it was the first time that I got to see his cock and I must admit... it was pretty impressive! But it was nothing I couldn't handle and I let him unload in my mouth. I know you could detect it on my breath when we came down and I gave you that kiss. The pervert in you would have been proud of me I think. I gave him an all-star blowjob. Full-on porn star action with a little tit fuck thrown in. I know you would have enjoyed watching it but since neither of you came up to check on us, I just went all Linda Lovelace on him and figured you'd be seeing some action later on. Although I wasn't exactly sure when that was going to be."
"I knew then that he was going to fuck me at some point tonight and that you would be the one to instigate it. It was written all over your face when we left to go upstairs. My sense of how the night was going told me that you would be calling the shots once we were all back together in the great room and that we were in for some kind of adventure. I think I read the situation pretty accurately," Cate said chuckling.
"You're right. Of course, I would have loved to have seen the blowjob but Sasha and I decided to leave you two to your own devices for a while. I knew you guys were going to get into some sort of hanky panky while you were away but I was pretty certain you weren't going to fuck him, even though it would have been okay if you did. I told you that you were free to do as you pleased while we were here so it wouldn't have surprised me if you had gone all the way. Still, I'm glad you saved it for later.
"I have to say though that I was a little surprised. Not about the sex, That was a given, but about Jason's... I don't know... prowess... I guess you'd call it. I mean, he always talked a good game and played the cocksman role to the hilt, you know... all alpha-stud-boy and all... but holy shit... the guy is an actual fucking sex machine. The way he pounded you into the couch... wow. I can't even put into words how that looked. I imagine that finally fulfilling the fantasy of having sex with you really... um... informed his performance," Tom said, with a smile.
"Yes, he was pretty excited, as was I if I'm being honest. He knows how to wield that weapon of his and he comes back to life very quickly, doesn't he? I mean, it wasn't too, very long after I blew him upstairs that we returned to you guys, so I was pretty impressed with his recovery time. Just remarkable.
"Thank you so much for making everything happen and letting me go wild tonight, baby. I know you did it for me because you love me. And that you're a little twisted. I just hope you had a good time as well and know that without you're encouragement and permission, none of that would ever have happened," Cate said. "Tonight was the most intense sexual experience I've ever had."
"Oh, believe me. I had a fucking great time as well, baby," said Tom. "You and Sasha sure took care of me and I honestly loved seeing you with Jason. It was quite the spectacle."
"So, I'm sure in the past you'd thought about what it would be like to be with him. After all, the cat and mouse game had been in play for quite some time and I imagine you had to have had fantasies about what it would be like. And that's okay, it was to be expected and I get it, there was something about him that got to you, but I'm curious... was it what you thought it would be? Was it better? Was it worse?" he asked.
"Hmm. Good question. I knew when you told me I could do what I wanted this weekend that fucking him would be on the menu and that you would enthusiastically encourage it. I also anticipated that you would be watching or joining in somehow and so I was already super amped up for that eventuality. That image alone had my motor running big time. I was getting juicy all night.
That being said, sex with him was pretty much what I expected. I sensed that he still had a real desire for me, especially after our conversation and oral escapades, so I figured he'd bring his 'A' game, and I think that's what we got. It was a pretty intense fuck and I'm sure he was spurred on with all my dirty talk and slutty behaviour. You know, 'slap my tits', 'use me', 'fuck my cunt', the whole nine yards, and I knew you'd love that as well because you're a pervert. It was a huge, huge part of the turn-on for me, knowing that you were soaking in the sights and sounds of your dirty little wife getting plowed by our host. And that really intensified my orgasms. He and I also satisfied whatever curiosity we had about each other.
"No question, he is a skilled sex partner and I was super horny from the get-go so it was a pretty good combination. You telling me to strip and go to him really lit the fuse. Good grief, I almost came on the spot. But sex with Jason was just raw fucking. It was like a workout at the gym. There was no real emotion involved. No love. No romance. Just kind of a mechanical activity. Two bodies banging together, doing the work, trying to get off.
"I won't lie, it felt great, but seriously, it was fucking you that was the highlight of the whole night for me. And reverse cowgirl no less! Jeezus Christ, I was turned on. And so were you, baby. You felt so incredible inside me. What was the magic formula?" Cate asked. "How come no ED?"
"I think it was simply a combination of everything that was going down in the room. The meds did their part for sure, Sasha's mouth was completely amazing and watching you get nailed by Jason was exhilarating. All of it contributed to me getting a boner, or mostly a boner I guess. I mean, I certainly wasn't as hard as Jason, good grief he's got a cast-iron pipe for a cock, but temporarily overcoming the ED and getting to an eight out of ten on the 'hard on scale' sure was a welcome treat. We haven't been able to do that for a while and it felt heavenly. Being able to finally fuck my beautiful wife after all this time was a gift from the gods. It seemed like the planets aligned.
"Remember, part of the whole ED thing is that, no matter what the physical problem may be, and no one seems to know what that is, the psychological aspect of it plays an enormous part. All it takes is one... failure, I guess, to start messing with your psyche. You know, you start thinking way too much about what has gone wrong before and not what is happening in the moment. I think that tonight there was so much going on in the room that was stimulating and exciting, that I didn't worry about the possible lack of success, and that had a positive effect," Tom explained. "In short, when you fret too much about losing or not getting an erection, you do. Your brain starts working against your dick. And your brain is a much stronger organ than your cock. If you can rid yourself of the negative thoughts, maybe through distraction or whatever, you might have a decent chance of success. Whatever the sorcery, I was thrilled that we were able to make it work. Oh, and finishing on Sasha's face? Wow. What an ending! Thanks for that.
"And weren't you just the centre of attention tonight, huh? Jason... Sasha... me. Seems like everyone got a little taste of my sexy hot wife tonight," Tom continued, giving her boob a firm squeeze.
"Hee hee. Yes, I guess that's true, isn't it? I blame you. It would seem that you've turned me into a 'turbo-slut.' But seriously, I want you to know that no matter what your plans are for future playtime... no matter who you let use my tits or my mouth or my cunt, or even my ass, they will never, ever get anywhere near my heart. That my love is only for you. And I hope that you know that. At this point, I'm okay with whatever it is you want to do with me. I'll do anything you like. I'm enjoying all of the attention and fabulous sex. Whether you want to share me, or give me to someone for the evening, or just strip me and show me off, you have to know that it is only you that I will ever love. And I will never, ever do anything behind your back," Cate whispered, cuddling closer to her man.
"Thank you, my love. And I feel the same way about you. I love you with all my heart and want you to know that you can say 'no' to anything I suggest, anytime. Granted, I might try to talk you into it but I will never force you or coerce you. We both have our kinks and they seem to be wonderfully compatible. We have an unbreakable bond and nothing or no one can come between us." Tom pledged to his wife. "We are stuck with each other forever.
"Although now that Jason has finally sampled all of your inimitable charms and experienced your mad skills and sexual athleticism, he may never be the same," quipped Tom. "We may need to get a restraining order to keep him at bay or he'll be hounding you day and night."
Cate laughed out loud. "I think we'll be okay. I have to say that the change in his demeanour was a total surprise and really softened my attitude towards him. I was always inexplicably attracted to the guy physically but his overbearing personality and arrogant attitude were such a fucking turn-off. But he was a completely different person tonight and I think when he greeted us so warmly and respectfully when we arrived, I immediately felt the change in him. I'm sure you did as well. A lot of my defences came down when we were dancing again. It was nothing at all like when we were at their place and that was when I warmed to the idea of going all the way with him if you were into it. As always, it was going to be your call but that was the moment when I felt I would be okay with it happening.
"Still, I don't think we need to worry. His curiosity and lust have likely now been satisfied to a large degree. I'm pretty sure there will be no further relentless pursuit of my pussy on his part. He sincerely apologized for his past behaviour and knows that if there is ever going to be a repeat of anything like tonight that the ball is in our court. Well, actually it's in your court. I think we're safe. Plus, don't forget he has Sasha, and she isn't exactly chopped liver, as you well know, my love."
They cuddled together for several minutes, enjoying the warmth of their bodies and letting their hands wander languidly over each other's most sensitive parts. Cate began to fondle Tom's cock as he continued to squeeze the soft yielding flesh of her breast and pluck at her stiff nipple. As their caresses became more focused and intense, their breathing became laboured and they started to lose themselves in the sensations. Tom's hand slid around his wife's back to cup and fondle her ample bottom, his fingers straying between her cheeks to stimulate her puckered asshole.
"Oh yes, baby. That's nice," Cate gasped, as her husband's finger toyed with her most intimate opening. He could feel it start to dilate in an attempt to suck his finger into her asshole as his digit drew circles around the sensitive rim.
Cate was a big fan of anal stimulation and loved it when Tom inserted a finger or two when he was eating her pussy. If his cock could get hard enough to fuck her ass she would be more than happy to accommodate him. Anytime at all.
Tom gently inserted his finger into her bum and began to steadily move it in and out of the tiny hole while she continued to play with his cock. Cate moaned at the incursion and her breathing became even more ragged as her excitement mounted. She wondered how on Earth she could still be horny, having been fucked senseless tonight by their host and then by her husband. But the fact remained that she was.
"Ohhh, fuck. That's so good Tom. Keep doing that. Maybe if I rub my clit while you do that I can cum again," Cate whispered, huskily.
"Go ahead, baby. You rub that little button of yours and I'll keep fingering your ass for you," Tom said. "I wonder what the Sinclairs are doing right now. Do you think they're playing with each other like we're doing? Or are they fast asleep?"
"Ugh," grunted Cate, pushing back on his finger, drawing it into her ass as far as it would go. "They said they'd be up for a while yet. Why did you bring that up? Are you thinking of disturbing them?"
"Well, I was thinking that maybe it was you who could be the one to go and disturb them. You know, go see if they were up for a nightcap or a chat or something," he answered, still working his finger in and out of her ass as she put some concentrated pressure on her clit. "Put on that little blue baby doll I packed for you. I know it hides absolutely nothing but it will at least give the illusion of modesty. Plus you look so fucking sexy in it. What do you think? Wanna go for a visit? You go over first and if you're not back in a few minutes I'll know they're still up and receiving company. Then I'll come and join you."
Before Cate could answer, Tom slid his finger out of her ass and gently smacked one of her ample cheeks. She turned to look him in the eye and said, "Are you sure that's what you want me to do?"
"Yes, it is."
Cate got up, pulled the tiny nighty over her head and started moving slowly towards the door. She stopped, smiled back at her husband, and shook her head. "I'm sure they'll still be awake. I'll see you in a couple of minutes, my love. Don't keep us waiting in case I need instructions from you." She blew him a kiss and walked out the door.
***
Cate crossed the wide hallway and softly tapped on the door to her host's bed chamber. She only had to wait a moment before hearing a faint 'come in' from the other side. She entered the room to see Jason and Sasha still awake, propped up against the headboard of their enormous bed, gently kissing and whispering to each other.
"Hey, you two. I'm glad you're awake. I wanted to say another goodnight and thank you again for a wonderful evening," Cate said quietly to the couple, moving into the room to stop just inside the door. "I hope it was as fulfilling and as much fun for you as it was for us. Tom and I have just been talking about it. You know, just taking each other's temperature so to speak. Making sure there were no regrets, anxiety or any negative feelings about what went down this evening. Tonight's activities were a big step for us but we really had a great time. Not just the sex but everything."
"You are more than welcome. We're so glad you guys came, no pun intended, and shared the day and evening with us," said Jason. "Please, come on in. If you want a nightcap there's an open bottle of wine over on the table by the jacuzzi. We were kind of doing the same thing as you two.
"Tom's not sleeping, is he?" asked Jason, appreciating the vision before him. Her short little baby doll was so transparent it was pretty much invisible and it barely reached below her plump, bald mons. Her big, teardrop tits swayed seductively with even the slightest movement. The sight of her made Jason's cock start to inflate.
"No, I'm sure he'll be along in a minute or two. He sent me in here to see if you guys were still up and if maybe you wanted a little more company."
"Absolutely. Do you want to climb in here with us?" asked Sasha, smiling at her friend and patting the space beside her. "There's plenty of room. The bed's the size of a football field for christ's sake. Jason had it custom-built by some guy in town. Who knows? Maybe for this very reason. I think there's probably room for six on this thing."
"Yes, that would be lovely if I could. Would you mind if I took this off?" Cate said, fingering the delicate straps of the gauzy little nothing of a garment. She didn't have to wait long for an answer.
"I think I'd insist on it," Sasha said, with a chuckle. It looked like her husband was about to say the exact same thing but he merely nodded his approval of the suggestion.
Cate slipped the straps of the baby doll off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor to become a light blue pool of fabric at her feet. She stood there in all her naked glory and gave her shoulders a little shake which made her impressive rack jerk and sway seductively on her chest. She smiled at her gracious and appreciative hosts, pulled her long nipples out away from her body and then released them. Her big, heavy breasts dropped like two hanged men. She repeated the gesture just for fun and let out a tiny moan.
"I sure hope you're both naked under there. I wouldn't want to be the only nudie in the room, although that wouldn't be too unusual for me these days and would make absolutely no difference to my pervy husband," she stated, smiling as she got onto the bed and crawled on all fours. Her hosts made room for her between them and she slipped beneath the sheet to discover that they were indeed, both naked.
The three hot bodies elevated the temperature in the room several degrees and the sheet was soon pushed down to allow for more comfort and, if necessary,  better access.
"Oh, this is cozy. Thanks for letting me snuggle with you two," Cate said, turning first to face Jason and then his wife. "You two are just the best hosts ever."
Sasha held her gaze and reached up to take Cate's chin in her hand. "Believe me, dear. It's our pleasure," she said, moving her face to gently kiss her friend. It started out slow and soft but soon they were kissing passionately. Their lips and tongues duelled with each other and ignited an undeniable mutual lust. The two women turned onto their sides, to face one another, and continued their torrid lesbian make-out session. The excitement ramped up as their bodies moulded together and there wasn't an inch of bare, warm flesh left to spare.
Sasha reached up to cup and caress one of Cate's soft breasts, squeezed it gently and thumbed her hardening nipple. Their kiss seemed to go on forever and Cate's hands began to wander and leisurely explore her hostess's voluptuous body.
A light knock at the door caused them to momentarily cease their explorations and look up as Jason said, "Come in Tom, it's open. We've ben waiting for you."
Tom entered the room wearing just his boxers and walked over to stand in front of a chair that was near the bed. "I'm glad to see you're both still up. I hope Cate didn't disturb you two. You can blame me if she interrupted anything, it was my idea to send her in here."
"No, of course not, Tom. We should thank you for taking the initiative. It was a very welcome surprise and we love the company. Truth be told, we were wondering how we could get you guys to join us without coming off like a couple of scheming, insatiable sex maniacs and then Cate knocked on the door before we could come up with a clever, workable plan of attack," Jason said, with a bit of a self-conscious chuckle. "Climb on in, man. There is plenty of room. Sasha and your wife were just expressing their affection for each other and I was... well... I was appreciating the view. They do look good together."
"Thanks for the offer but if it's all the same to you I'm going to relax in this big, comfy chair and enjoy the show from here for a while. If the ladies want to continue playing, I wholeheartedly encourage it and hope I didn't derail any progress they were making," Tom said, sliding a hand inside his boxers.
"Mmm, yes, please. Thanks, baby, We were just getting things going. I hope it's okay that I kind of started without you but I knew you'd be along momentarily. Our lovely hostess is just so yummy and hard to resist. She's such a great kisser and so damn squeezable, as you are well aware. I think we fit together perfectly." Cate said, quietly. She mashed her body in tighter to Sasha and they resumed their torrid make-out session.
Their bodies melded into each other and their pillowy boobs squashed together as their tongues continued to seek each other out. Sasha ran her hands up and down Cate's side, dragging her nails along the soft boob flesh that was oozing out from between their bodies like bread baking in a pan. Cate slipped her hand between her hostess's legs to locate her large, protruding clit and warm, meaty twat. Her explorations elicited moans of delight and Sasha pushed her smooth, plump mound firmly into the exploring hand and thrust against it with lascivious resolve.
Jason and Tom looked on at the sexy girl/girl action with reverence and desire in their eyes. Jason was fully erect and slowly stroked his tumescent member as he watched his wife and Cate begin to grind together with more urgency. Sasha reached behind Cate and cupped one of the firm globes of her ass. She dug her fingers into the flesh and pulled it upwards to open up her friend's tiny asshole and slippery cunt. Her middle finger found its way into Cate's leaking snatch while her index finger toyed with her guest's receptive butthole. Tom remained silent in his chair by the bed and watched the show with growing interest. He slid off his boxers and continued to absentmindedly massage his penis. Jason slid down the bed a little, rolled onto his side and spooned Cate while his wife continued to finger and widen both of Cate's holes. The three bodies slowly and sensually crushed into each other maximizing their contact. It was a delicious Cate sandwich and all three participants began to surrender to the passion and desire.
After several minutes of spooning and grinding, Jason whispered softly in Cate's ear, "Am I allowed to fuck you again? Would that be okay? Would you like that?"
Cate broke her kiss with Sasha, hesitated only a moment and replied, "Oh my, I don't know." She raised her head and looked at her husband who was still watching the scene from his position on the chair, cock in hand.
"Tom, honey... Jason wants to know if he can fuck me again. Can he? Would that be okay with you?"
Jason lifted his head and looked hopefully at Tom. He tried to conjure up some sort of mind control to elicit an affirmative answer from the voyeur husband.
"Is that what you would like, my sweet?" Tom asked, locking eyes with his horny wife.

Cate thought for only a moment. She continued to fidget with Sasha's hard, pearly nub and was enjoying having her holes invaded from behind. "Yes, I think I would like that very much if you don't mind," she replied, coquettishly.
"How is that gorgeous bum feeling tonight, my love? It's been some time since you've had that treat."
"Well, Sasha has been fingering it along with my pussy for the last little while and it feels just heavenly. It's making me quiver and it's starting to open up nicely. I'm feeling that I might want to experience something a little more substantial stuffed inside it. Are you thinking of letting our host sample my ass tonight?"
"Jason, does that sound like something you might enjoy?" Tom asked, looking at Jason and smiling at the man's almost pleading expression. He knew it was a ridiculous, rhetorical question but these little exchanges seemed to be turning everyone on.
Jason was still pushed up against Cate's back, pressing his cock against the back of the hand that was steadily fingering both of Cate's holes and simultaneously stimulating her hubby's throbbing cock. Sasha's hand was becoming sticky with pre-cum as her husband's stiff prick leaked its viscous liquid onto her knuckles.
"Are you kidding? Is that a possibility? Oh, good gawd. No man in his right mind would ever say no to a treat like that," said Jason, looking at Tom."We have lube and I promise I'll take it slow and easy and follow her lead."
"Cate, what do you think, my love? Tom asked his wife. "Does that sound like something you would enjoy?
"Yes, please. I know I would love it. Are you sure you're all right with it? Do you want to watch another man take my ass?"
Tom didn't answer but merely nodded, smiling at his wife and their host.
"Sasha. The lube... I think it's on your side, honey. Can you hand it to me, please?" Jason whispered to his wife.
Sasha released her hold on Cate long enough to retrieve the lube from the drawer, hand it to her husband and then re-establish her position on the bed. She slid down, lifted Cate's topmost leg to open up her pussy and asshole and planted her face squarely on her guest's moist, bald snatch. Her tongue darted out and began to flick against the engorged clit in front of her. Cate looked at her husband who was casually watching from the big overstuffed chair near the bed and blew him a kiss, her eyelids fluttering and her face flushed from the pleasure of Sasha's oral attentions. Tom continued to rub his dick as he watched the threesome on the bed.
"A more erotic sight you'd be hard-pressed to see," he thought to himself. "This has been quite a night and it appears that the fun is far from over. Gawd, how I love this woman."
Sasha's mouth and tongue remained attached to Cate's steaming pussy while Jason applied a substantial amount of lube to his cock and to the puckered little hole he was targeting. Thanks to her dancer's flexibility, Cate was able to lift her leg straight up in the air and provide complete access to both her hosts. Jason pressed his slippery helmet against the tight little pucker and slowly began his push forward as Cate relaxed her sphincter muscles to allow entry to the steel-hard intruder.
She gave a loud gasp followed by a long, heavy sigh as Jason's plump crown popped through the entrance to her dark passage. He held his cock in place until he felt Cate's ass start to move towards him, coaxing more of his invading shaft into her. All three were still lying on their sides and Cate's big, soft tits were stacked up on top of each other. Jason reached over her to slide his hand between them, enjoying the feeling of his fingers being trapped by their warm weight. He cupped and squeezed the malleable flesh for some time before capturing one of the thick, hard nipples and rolling it tightly between his fingers.
"Pull it," Cate said breathlessly. "Pull it hard and push that cock into me. I want to feel it go all the way in. Don't worry about me, I'm ready and I can take it. Just push steadily and I'll be fine. I love it in the ass."
Jason tugged on her nipple like he was trying to remove it as he pushed his hips forward firmly but with care, methodically inserting a few more inches of his phallus into Cate's rectum.
"Ugh. Yes, that's it. That feels wonderful. Ugh, now push it all the way in. Fill me up. Pinch my nipple hard when you go deep."
Jason complied. He pushed the entire length of his meat into her welcoming ass and vice gripped her long, hard nub even more insistently while his wife continued to lick and suck Cate's drooling pussy and pokey little clit. He began to move in and out of Cate's ass and she began to push back against the motion, matching the strength of his stroke. The pair got a steady rhythm going and the sounds of their coupling filled the room. Grunts and groans from Jason and sighs and whimpers from Cate. Sasha maintained her oral assault on Cate's slobbering cunt and Tom continued to manipulate his cock as he watched from the chair. The voyeur in him couldn't be happier with what was happening in front of him.
The trio on the bed appeared to have mastered the choreography of a well-practiced threeway and were focused on their individual responsibilities. Jason, with his hands firmly holding Cate's hips, began to pick up the pace, and after a few minutes was moving in and out of her ass with long, firm strokes as if he were fucking her cunt. He rammed her steadily for the next several minutes until Cate reached behind with one hand to temporarily bring him to a full stop.
"Wait, let me get on my knees and you can fuck my ass doggy. Tom, lie in front of me so I can suck your cock, I want to feel what it's like to be stuffed at both ends. We've talked about it and never had the opportunity to live the fantasy and this is the perfect time. Sasha can sit on your face and experience that marvellously talented tongue of yours," Cate said, her breathing coming in halting gasps.
"And here I thought I was going to give you direction," laughed Tom. "You seem to have the situation well in hand. I think that's a great idea, baby. I'll finally get to taste our beautiful hostess.
"Sasha, sit facing your husband. That way you can watch him plow into my wife's ass while I eat that gorgeous meaty pussy of yours. I'm determined to make you come on my face."
Jason and Cate were able to get into position without disengaging, a testament to his long, rock-hard cock and her tight, vice-like cunt muscles. Tom relocated from the chair to the bed. He positioned himself on his back in front of his wife and she quickly sucked his cock into her mouth, taking all of him in one smooth motion. He was not quite fully erect as the effects of the magic blue pill had long since worn off, so it presented her with no difficulty at all and his mushroom head slid across her tongue to the back of her mouth. Jason was now drilling into her ass with such force that moving her head to suck off her husband was unnecessary. The power with which she was being sodomized was sufficient to push her head back and forth, requiring no effort on her part. She was loving the pounding her ass was taking and continued to moan and groan over her husband's prick.
Sasha mounted Tom's face. She reached down and pulled her meaty lips apart and lowered her sopping wet cunt onto his waiting mouth. She was able to lean forward and cup Cate's big hanging jugs as they swayed freely below her chest. She pinched and pulled the nipples downward, eliciting loud groans from the mouth that was presently stuffed with her husband's cock.
Cate let Tom's dick drop from her mouth momentarily and looked at Sasha with lust-filled eyes, "Slap them. Slap them hard. You know I love it."
Sasha began smacking the soft, swinging globes, alternating between them. She hit them hard, the slapping sound almost drowning out the sharp, wet noise of Jason's groin banging against Cate's sumptuous ass. She was close to cumming from Tom's virtuoso cunnilingus and Cate was energetically rubbing herself to orgasm as Jason slammed relentlessly into her asshole. Tom could feel his balls start to tighten with his impending climax. It was a race to the finish as each member of the foursome chased their orgasm.
Sasha was the winner by a nose. Tom's talented lips and tongue drove her over the edge and she howled as her climax overtook her. She ground her spasming honeypot against his face, jerking it back and forth and coating it in her lady cum. Her entire body quaked and registered at least an 8.5 on the Richter Scale. She stopped slapping Cate's tits and clutched at her own heaving breasts, squeezing the soft flesh until the heavy orbs had stop-sign-red hand prints on them and her giant nipples prodded her palms.
Tom was next. Cate had been bringing her husband off with her mouth for a good long time and would have been a gold medalist if blowjobs were an Olympic event. She would usually employ her hands to help with stroking his dick or fondling his balls but the present situation dictated that they be used for other purposes. One hand was between her legs working on her super sensitive pearl and the other was being used to hang on to his hip to prevent her from getting fucked into the headboard. Despite the fierce pounding she was taking from her host, she was still able to use her mouth, tongue and throat to bring Tom to a rolling boil. She could feel his cock start to thicken and pulse in her mouth and knew he was closing in on a toe-curling orgasm. Suddenly, he grabbed her by the hair with his left hand, pulled her mouth from his cock and began jerking himself furiously with his right. Her cheek was against his thigh and she opened her mouth to accept the creamy load she knew would be coming any second.
"Oh Fuck! Yes! Here I cum baby!" Tom yelled, trying to hold her head steady as he went off like a Roman candle. He aimed his cock at her face and tried to shoot his cum into her gasping, gaping mouth. His aim was thrown off by the constant movement of her head and he ended up spraying most of his load on her cheek, nose and chin. It was a prodigious amount of semen for him and it had almost covered the entire side of her face. He jerked his semi-flaccid cock a few more times to get the last few dribbles of juice from his balls and let out a mighty groan. The gooey mess was now dripping off in sticky strings onto his thigh. Cate made a dramatic show of swallowing the cum that made it into her mouth by lifting her head and gulping loudly while looking directly into her husband's eyes. She licked her lips, smiled at her man and mouthed  'I love you.'
She was next. The combination of the jackhammer pounding her ass was taking and the constant pressure she was putting on her clit was rocketing her to a monster climax. She shoved two fingers into her snatch, feeling Jason's mighty cock pounding into her through the thin membrane that separated her cunt from her dark channel.
"Oh, gawd yes! Fuck me! Pound my ass!" Cate screamed, as her orgasm built to a crescendo. "Oh fuck that feels so good! I'm gonna cum! Come on Jason, cum in me. Fill that ass! I want to feel you squirt!"
Tom leaned forward, grabbed her dangling tits and squeezed them roughly. Cate's body rocked steadily back and forth as Jason continued to drill into her hot little asshole.
"Yes, baby. Squeeze those tits. Pinch my nipples. Hard! Pull! Fuck, I'm cumming! Oh fuck. Oh Fuck. Yes!" Cate jammed her fingers deep into her cunt and pushed them against her g-spot as her orgasm hit her like a sledgehammer and her pussy began to gush. She slammed her ass back against her host who was still vigorously invading her derriere. Her entire body continued to vibrate and shake with pleasure.
Moments later, as Cate was still quivering from her five-alarm orgasm, Jason gripped her hips hard enough to leave bruises and let out a primal Tarzan-like howl. His balls tightened, his back stiffened, and he sprayed the first jet of his semen deep into his guest's bowels.
"Oh, fuck yes!" Cate yelled, still fingering her cunt as spurt after spurt of thick, hot juice shot into her plundered asshole. "Fuck that feels so hot! Shoot that load into me."
Tom continued to molest her fat, hanging tits as Jason unloaded the last of his white-hot goo into Cate's receptive asshole. Sasha was content to sit against the headboard and perv on the action while she methodically fingered herself to another quiet orgasm.
"Holy fuck! I almost had a heart attack! Oh, my gawd Cate. Thank you," Jason breathed, extracting his cock from his guest's butt and collapsing on his side. He watched wide-eyed as Cate cleaned her husband's semen off her face with her finger and scooped it into her mouth, savouring every drop. "That was mind-blowing!" Both bodies were glistening with a fine layer of sweat from their sexual exertions.
Everyone lay spent, trying to catch their breath and basking in the afterglow of their Earth-shattering orgasms. Minutes passed in silence as the foursome re-grouped.
"Well, that was wonderful but I think it's time we go get cleaned up and then get some much-needed sleep. For some reason, I just feel exhausted," Cate said, laughingly. She rolled off the bed and retrieved her nighty from the floor. "Come on honey, let's head back to our room and leave our hosts in peace."
"Yes, that's a good idea, my love. Let's thank these two for their hospitality and let them get some well-earned rest," said Tom, as he leaned over the bed to deliver a long, passionate kiss to Sasha. He squeezed one of her big, heavy boobs and thumbed the nipple, eliciting a quiet moan from the buxom hostess.
Seeing this, Cate took the opportunity to wrap her arms around Jason's neck, squashed her boobs firmly to his chest and then reached down to heft the weight of his big, soft penis in her hand. She gave it a gentle tug as she moved her face next to his and whispered quietly in his ear, "Thank you for the hospitality, Jason. I don't think I'll forget this night anytime soon. We will see you in the morning."
She broke the hug and gave him a quick smooch and released his cock, giving the knob a little rub with her fingertip. She then went over to plant a soft, warm kiss on the lips of her friend, her tongue briefly invading Sasha's inviting mouth.
"Thank you, Sasha. I'm so glad you invited us. Tom and I had a wonderful day and an amazing night with you two. We'll see you in the morning and I hope you'll forgive us if we sleep in a bit. I think we all need the rest. Well, maybe not Jason. It looks like he's getting it up again already. Good grief." Cate said, with a huge grin.
And with that, Tom picked up his boxers, put his arm around his wife's waist and walked with her towards the door.
"Hey," Sasha said, pointing to her husband's groin as the couple were about to leave. "If this thing is standing up in the morning do you think you might want to come in and help me deal with it? I would consider it a favour. Tom could come watch and maybe give me a tickle or two. What do you think?"
Cate turned and looked at Jason, then at Sasha, and then finally at her husband's smiling face. "Hmm. I don't know. Maybe. We'll see."