Neil smiled at my flushed face, the cum from Brian’s cock, slithering down my throat as my exposed breasts heaved up and down with every orgasmic breath.
Brian’s cock was sparklingly clean as every slither of spunk had been removed and swallowed. Neil took a few more photographs then smiled lustfully at me.
I placed my feminine hand on my swollen excited labia and stroked the wet sexually agitated flesh. Neil took the last photograph, placing the iPhone on the bar counter.
Neil moved forward and stood between my splayed legs, his hard cock pointing straight at my inviting pussy, holding my thigh length boots at the ankles.
With my legs wide open, he stepped forward so his hard cock tapped the back of my masturbating hand.
I smiled up at him and moved my hand slowly and seductively from my pussy, moving up my PVC lingerie and cupped my right breast.
Neils hard cock nudged at my wet pussy and deliciously slid inside my just fucked cunt.
He pushed with one deep thrust and filled my unfaithful pussy with his large hard cock. I groaned hoarsely as my eyes rolled with pure lust.
My husbands friend was now slowly fucking me, enjoying views of me only my husband was familiar with. I wrapped my stockinged and booted legs around Neil’s waist and began to match his thrusts with my gyrating hips.
Brian looked on, watching Neil fuck me the way I’ve always wanted to be fucked. I was consumed with pure lust for Neil’s cock, craving it almost.
“Your cock is bigger and better than Jeff’s!” I moaned, raising my hips to meet his cock.
Neil grinned with arrogant pride.
“It’s filling me more than I’ve ever been filled before!” I moaned softly, enjoying the sensual pleasure this cock was providing.
Neil grinned arrogantly and continued to thrust his cock deep inside my shaved pussy.
“Oh fuck yeah! Give it to me deep!” I sighed as Neil continued rhythmically fucking my shaved married pussy.
Brian was smiling now, stroking his flaccid cock, as it began starting to show signs of life again. His stroking became more prominent as his breathing increased with each stroke.
I rolled my eyes with lust, witnessing Brian’s cock begin to twitch as he watched my husbands friend fuck me in a way like I’d never been fucked before.
Wearing trashy slut lingerie I desperately wanted the guys to do anything they wanted to me. I wanted to be a subservient hotwife slut for my two pleasure-givers.
Offering my body to men other than my husband, to use and defile in any they saw fit, was unusual and most definitely pleasurable I as thrilled at my first experience of the subservient hotwife slut lifestyle.
The exhibitionist pleasure of parading my lingerie clad body to the guys was beyond stimulating. The voyueristic nature of watching myself perform depraved sexual acts with men other than my husband was also sexually enlightening, but the powerful urge of unfaithfulness and every mixed sexual charge and emotion that accompanied that is a pleasure that is difficult to define, except to state I wanted more!
Neil looked down at me and withdrew his huge cock from my stretched pussy. Leaving my shaved opening, gaping wide and pulsating with unfaithful lust. Grabbing the ankles of my thigh length boots, he opened my legs wider and pushed them towards my large heaving breasts.
My gaping pussy and tight pink asshole were fully on display as he grinned at me and spat directly on to my puckered ring. I shuddered as he controlled me, treating me like a wayward unfaithful slut, there for his sordid sexual gratification.
“Fuck me guys!” I panted, trembling with intense pleasure, performing as an outrageous unfaithful, trashy lingerie clad, hotwife fuck slut.
Feeling Neil’s huge cock slide in and out of my cheating cunt as another guy looked on was pure sexual nirvana. I never wanted this feeling of total sexual empowerment to ever end.
The crowning moment happened as Neil took his rock hard cock and placed the domed head at my saliva lubricated asshole. His huge hard cock nudged at my tight asshole as I pushed it toward his invading cock.
I startled excitedly at what was about to occur as he easily pushed his magnificent cock inside my asshole, stretching my sphincter with his veined solid meat.
I roared almost with primeval pleasure.
“Fuck my ass!” I screeched, as my chest heaved up and down with uncontrollable excitement.
Brians eyes almost popped out of his eye sockets as he watched Neil plunder my tight asshole. I was enjoying the anal sex much more than I anticipated.
I’d experienced anal in the past but never associated it with the feelings I was experiencing today. The animal feelings of pure lust, performing a taboo act unfaithfully with a strange cock, whilst decked in trashy lingerie as another stranger looked on.
The incredible sexual feelings I was experiencing, convinced me that my sex life would never be the same again. I was more than happy to be a cheating slut hotwife. This thrilled me. This excited me. This was something I secretly craved and now I was fulfilling my sexual destiny.
I looked across at Brian’s excited face as he watched Neil’s cock slide in and out of my tight asshole.
“You fuck my tight asshole next!” I panted at Brian, as a little sexual giggle confirmed I was having fun.
“With or without Jeff’s knowledge, we need to fuck you again!” Neil growled, fucking my ass masterfully.
“Oh fuck yes!” I smiled “I need these cocks pleasuring me regularly!”
“Then that is what you will get!”
The room fell silent.
We all froze at that moment and turned to look at my husband Jeff standing in the door frame. Smiling, he looked at all three of us and walked closer to the bar counter where Neil was still sliding his hard cock up my unfaithful ass.
Squeezing my exposed breasts, Jeff grinned as he looked down at me receiving another man’s cock in my ass. Unbuckling his belt, he removed his erect cock from his boxer shorts, winked at Neil and Brian then said.
“That is most definitely what you will get!”