"Just spit it out, okay?" Michael heard the tremor in his voice and hated that he could barely control it. Here he was on the verge of tears in front of a goddamn stranger; one more humiliation.
Thanks, cancer.
The man wasn't a complete stranger. Dr. Gregory was the oncologist that Dave, his real doctor, had recommended. Dr. Gregory was highly respected and everyone at Rush Memorial seemed to worship him like a god. They talked about him in hushed tones and used words like "miracle worker". The man's bedside manner was for fuck all though and Michael wasn't sure there was anything supernatural about prescribing drugs in a particular order. After surgery and radiation and two grueling bouts of chemotherapy, Michael wasn't sure that the man knew his name without his accompanying chart. He was cold and stiff, like a fucking corpse. Maybe that came in handy when you spend your days with the dying.
"I'm saying that you should get prepared, Mr. Fleming. You should tell your family and get your affairs in order."
Michael could literally hear a pin drop. Even though, just outside the office, there was all manner of chaos. It was all of the machinery beeping and voices over the intercom. It was all sirens and horns and blood and screaming. It was approaching death and dismemberment. Right outside the door, it was messy. The chaos, the soup of existence. Life.
Inside, Michael could hear his pulse. There was nothing, not even white noise. It was so quiet. Quiet as a tomb, quiet as infinity, space, nothingness. All the shit that Michael was about to find out about first hand apparently.
For the fifty thousand dollar question, he gulped hard and asked in a dry, raspy voice, "How long do I have?" It was arduous just to speak, just to breathe.
Dr. Gregory laid both hands on the desk. Michael had never noticed the wedding band before and wondered for a moment what it must be like to go home to a wife and kids after playing the Grim Reaper all day. Was Dr. Gregory a dad who read bedtime stories and kissed boo-boos? Was he a considerate lover and attentive husband? With all of that dying talk all day, Michael couldn't help but wonder.
"You know that that's just a guess, right? Doctors give out these numbers and it's based on nothing but theory. Hopefulness," he added with a shrug; like hope was the polite word for bullshit. The oncologist made a face and set his teeth with slightly parted lips and Michael thought it was a poor excuse for a smile.
"I get it. You're not a god after all," Michael said sarcastically. "How about an educated guess? Exactly like the rest of this cancer treatment has been."
Dr. Gregory looked annoyed. Michael guessed that the man wasn't used to anyone insisting anything of him, being the Angel of Death and all. "An educated guess? Okay, with your bloodwork, could be three months, could be nine months."
Michael nodded, after all, he was a math whiz. He lived by the law of averages. "So six months, give or take?"
Dr. Gregory was clearly ready to move on to some other patient who wasn't a lost cause. He'd closed Michael's file and that seemed to be definitive of Michael's whole life right now. Closed out, used up, the grains of sand in the hourglass, almost gone.
Tick, tick, tick.
"Sure, give or take."
Michael nodded and suddenly knew why no one should be given those answers. Having a timeline was terrible and exhilarating all at the same time. Man wasn't supposed to have this kind of knowledge. It was supposed to be a surprise. He was supposed to live with the big question mark over his head and hope for the best each day. This was the stuff of god, this secret knowledge, this rush of urgency that went through him.
It was still better than hanging on to the toilet seat with both hands though. Those nights of dripping sweat, soaked through his clothes. Even his sweat smelled of chemicals. He could still taste the bile that seeped from the corners of his parched lips, still hear himself promising god that he'd be a better everything if he could just get well. He had prayed, prayed to something he didn't believe in. Wished. Hoped. It had all been far too mysterious for a man who lived by facts and charts and trends.
This, he could do. This was clarity. Data.
One thing he wasn't going to do was waste one more second of his allotted time that was left on earth sitting here with this ass clown. No more doctors, no more tests, no more embarrassing hospital gowns that left your ass exposed while the cold, vinyl upholstery of the examination table pried you apart.
"Thanks. Good to know," Michael said as he rose to his feet. He paused, he knew that there was some kind of something that should be said. He should thank the man for his assistance, all that he'd tried to do. Michael couldn't make the words come out though. Dr. Gregory didn't care, he'd just been the manager of the standard events that society made you go through. Got cancer? Here's the flowchart, follow the arrows to the end. Feel better, yes or no. Actually, he hadn't even been nice to Michael, coolly polite at best.
So he summed it all up quickly because Michael suddenly felt that all things from here on out should be straight to the point. "You're a real prick."
With that, Michael opened the office door and left the tomb of silence and re-emerged into the chaos of life.
***
Michael decided it over an excellent lunch.
He had an epiphany while at Gene and Georgetti's. It began with the first breath of a bottle of Prunotto Barolo. A very cute waitress had brought it to him for examination and after Michael had nodded, she'd released the cork with flair. The full nose of the wine's rich bouquet seemed to explode in the air around him. The sunlight seemed to dance in a splatter of diamonds on the cute waitress' face and at that moment, she almost had a halo. From the cold, crisp wedge salad to the hiss and crackle of the tomahawk ribeye, seared to a perfect medium rare, every moment had become a symphony of the senses. As he watched butter drip down the meat's sizzling crust, something that seemed extraordinarily sinful, that was when he'd realized it.
He was going to go out with a bang.
If his life up till now had been more of a sparkler, a pop and a whimper; then the next six months, give or take, were going to be a stick of dynamite. After all, what did he really have to show for his fifty-two years, especially since there wasn't going to be a fifty third?
A lot of goddamn work, that's what. He'd started working two jobs in high school and kept it up all through college. In addition, he'd had an internship before he had graduated at the top of his class from Northwestern. Then he worked eighty hours a week at Wells Fargo until he got the VP job at Merrill. That was more like a hundred hours a week until he was offered the partnership at BDF. The higher he had risen, the more hours he devoted. Now he had two ex-wives who sent each other Christmas cards and he spent the holidays in the office.
He'd been the fellow voted most likely to stay late.
Michael barely had to chew the steak, it practically melted in his mouth. It was fatty and tender, crispy and thick and he savored every bite. The wine carried notes of licorice and coffee and the scent had mellowed and sweetened as the wine continued to breathe. Michael wiped a bread crust along his plate and sucked up the meaty juices and the herbed butter. He let the flavors marry inside and hummed with pleasure. Cholesterol be damned, he could taste again and he wasn't ever going to waste it on something less than scrumptious.
Was it just because he'd been threatened to eat healthy all his life that it tasted so good? Michael had lost his paunch during chemo and since then, he'd been relegated to dry turkey and shriveled bits of vegetables for sustenance. Whatever was labeled healthy, whatever the fuck that meant.
Or was it because this could be the last steak, ever? He gorged until his pants felt a little tight. He decided that his stomach must have shrunk and the thirty-two-ounce steak was going to have to be wrapped in one of those fancy foil swans and taken home.
Michael already knew that he'd never go back to the office again. The partners had known for a while that he was ill. They had graciously kept the cancer hush hush so that Michael's clients didn't get nervous. They'd just whispered things like sabbatical and scouting new overseas opportunities. His secretary had kept his door shut and his calendar clear and told visitors that she expected him any minute now.
Michael realized as he twirled the last of the wine that even as he'd sat in the chair and listened to the whir of the machine that pumped the chemo into his veins, even then, he hadn't missed going to work.
The only question now was; what to do?
Michael knew that people made lists of things like seeing the Eiffel Tower or the Great Wall of China. They wanted to get to all the things that they had seen in a magazine and someone told them were noteworthy. They wanted to cram in the whole world before they checked out.
He shrugged as he thought about those things. He'd traveled his fair share, almost always for work and it was almost always just a little disappointing. Sure, he'd like to watch the sunset in Florence one more time. He felt the need to walk down Bourbon Street once more. There were places to go and things to do, but it didn't thrill him. He thought if he'd been waiting for something to take his breath away, now was about fucking time.
He knew that people would make amends or reach out to get in touch with someone that they'd stopped speaking too. Forgiveness was probably big, something to ease the transition, make it easier to say goodbye. Spiritual morphine. Michael didn't have anyone that he'd slighted, if you didn't count the fact that he'd worked too much to be a good husband.
Regrets, he had a few.
When the waitress came back and cocked her head, Michael noticed. He noticed her tuck the curly, dark hair behind her ear. He noticed her blue eyes that looked deep and cool, like a swimming pool on a hot, summer afternoon. There was the crinkle of laugh lines around the corners of her eyes and the slightly crooked eye tooth that gave her a mischievous grin. "Are your eyes bigger than your stomach?" she asked in a husky voice that made it seem like a secret they shared, something suggestive.
She smelled like vanilla pudding and for the first time in a long time, Michael felt the stir from deep down inside. He'd thought he'd lost it along with his hair during chemo but no. There it was. He felt a gush of gratitude and his face and neck were suddenly much warmer.
That was something worth spending the last six months of life on.
"Yes, they were. Can I have a doggie bag? Or whatever?" He got all flustered as she looked him in the eye. He'd never been smooth, god help him, not even close. He'd never even been efficient at talking to women. The better looking they were, the more enticing, the more flirtatious, the more stupidly tongue-tied he became.
Why had it been so easy to spend every waking moment at work? Because there was no good reason to do anything else. Even when he'd been married, it had never come naturally. He'd always been so hesitant, he'd always second-guessed himself and then rolled over to regret the lost opportunities one more time.
He'd been labeled cold but Michael ached to prove them wrong. He was fairly certain that there was an absolute fountain of passion somewhere down, deep inside. Like a hidden, underground spring that's been trickling away since the beginning of time; an unnoticed dam, swollen and ready to burst.
"Sure, anything else I can get for you?" She asked in that voice that delved down under his collar. Michael could almost imagine her breath on his neck as she unbuttoned him. She'd do it slowly, it would be almost unbearably slow. She'd ask him what else he wanted as her hands reached his belt. Then she'd look up, she was only what, five-six? She'd look up as she let her hands meander down and caress his pulsing dick through the front of his pants.
Anything I can get you?
"No," he whispered and wrote in a thirty-five percent tip when she left him alone with the receipt and his thoughts. He watched her plump bottom move in the back of her black pants as she walked to the other side of the restaurant. She'd done enough, more than enough. Actually, the blue-eyed waitress had done more for him in the last hour or two than Dr. Gregory and the whole oncology team had managed to do for him in fourteen months.
She'd given him a reason to live.
***
Michael stayed up well past midnight. He scribbled a stream of consciousness into a notebook. It was odd to handwrite something anymore and his chicken scratch was downright illegible but it felt more personal that way. At least then, if the cleaning lady found his corpse, naked and pale in the morning sunlight, she'd know. He imagined himself lying there, all stiff and cold, with the notebook open and check marks made down the list. Then at least one person on earth would know what he'd been up to.
It was his bucket list, his version of it anyway. In Michael's mind, it was the only quest worthy of pursuing in these, his final days. On the top of the first page, he'd written in black, bold handwriting, "Fuck It List". At first, he'd blushed when he'd written it and almost scratched it out, embarrassed by his own brashness. He kept it though and the more items he'd scrawled down the page, the more the title made him smirk. Then he chuckled. Finally, he let out a deep belly laugh like he hadn't done since cancer had become a topic of conversation. It felt better than he could ever remember feeling.
When was the last time anything had been funny?
Christ, he'd decided after he scanned the list, he'd been such a square, such a eunuch really. There had been so many fantasies that he'd tucked away and beat off to. He recalled pumping his hand up and down furiously as the shame burned on his face. These were simple things really. He was sure that to some, his list was almost chaste.
Nerdy.
In the age of internet porn, nothing on the list was going to rock anyone's boat. But still, last night, Michael had decided as he'd closed the notebook and laid it on the nightstand along with his cheaters, it was a beautiful ending to a somewhat mediocre beginning and a mundane middle.
In the morning, rather than regret his decision, Michael grabbed the notebook first thing. He had read through the list, item by item, as he drank his coffee.
His usual routine was coffee, then shower. Rather than his usual brush with the mirror, this morning he took his time and assessed the situation. After all, basically every single item on the list involved him being naked with someone. He might as well have a good idea of what he was working with. It wasn't anything that he looked forward to but he was a realist if nothing else.
First things first, he was grateful. Michael looked at the man in the mirror and felt a wave of relief wash over him that he'd grown his hair back. Nothing screamed "about to take the dirt nap" like a bald, shriveled head, Michael had decided. So check, he had hair on his head once more. It was mostly gray, but it was thick and it curled in the back. It was a different texture altogether than it had been before they had pumped him full of poison but it wasn't bad.
Then there were his eyes. Michael had always thought they were his best feature. They were large, gray eyes, somber but expressive. He had long, black lashes and thick, dark brows that made him look thoughtful and intelligent. So far, so good.
Oddly, his body hair hadn't fared as well as the lush regrowth on his head. His chest and arm hair were pretty sparse. Pubes too, just a few sprouts. Maybe that was a good thing though. According to the porn that Michael had seen recently, it seemed that most humans had been waxed and stripped, and spray-tanned to an oddly plastic-coated sheen.
Michael grabbed his stomach and moved the loose skin. He'd lost thirty pounds between radiation and chemotherapy and he actually wore it well. He could see the line that ran down the center of his abs and he traced it with his fingers. It was a line that had disappeared during his thirties and forties and he welcomed it back now in spite of the way it had come. Gone was the waddle under his chin too and that was an improvement.
The phrase was "skinny fat". Michael had picked it up from the kids in the mailroom and that seemed about perfect. Skinny fat, he didn't work out and cancer had left him too weak to even go for a stroll most days. Now that he had gotten some energy back though, he'd be goddamned if he stepped foot inside a gym.
So this was as good as it got.
Lastly, there was his dick. He grabbed it, half hard and familiar in his hand as he performed a full inspection. His first ex-wife had told him, twenty-five years ago, when she had been mostly tipsy on half a pitcher of margaritas, that he had a good looking dick. Michael had never put much stock in that, given how inebriated she had been, but still, it wasn't bad. Not huge by any means but not small either. It was rather pink, it definitely wasn't his worst feature. Anyone who saw his face wasn't going to be disappointed by what he had in his boxers.
After he shaved and showered, Michael stood in the walk-in closet wearing only a towel as he scanned his wardrobe. It was all suits. Jesus, they were beautiful suits and he'd spent a fortune on them over the years; Hugo Boss and Balani and Brooks Brothers. They were all double breasted and tailored to fit his fuller frame. The clothes would hang on him now. To the right were what he would have deemed his casual clothes. There were khaki pants and polo shirts, a few pairs of long, plaid shorts. These were the things that he had worn to play golf or attend weekend meetings. Finally there were two pairs of sweatpants and a couple of Cubs tee shirts. That rounded out the clothes of his past life. Michael realized that it was really a guidebook to his life so far. There was work and not much else.
Nordstrom was a quick fifteen minute walk from the apartment and it was a perfect day for it. Michael looked out the bedroom window for a moment and took it in. One of the many perks of living at Chestnut Towers, especially this high up, was the panoramic views. Lake Michigan glittered in all of her sapphire glory to the left. To his right was the almost Caribbean green of the Chicago river. It was the middle of September and summer seemed to have just eased into crisp, dry air and cooler, starry nights. Even the breeze seemed to carry some sense of longing. It felt like a collective sigh, if they could just make the summer last.
Yeah, exactly.
***
Michael had just learned that he was a thirty-inch waist for the first time since his first marriage. It made him want to stand up straight as he looked at his reflection.
He kept saying yes to clothes. Mark, the young man who had been helping him, kept bringing them. The salesman probably saw him as an easy mark. He was a middle-aged man with a hopeless sense of fashion and a fat wallet full of credit cards. Like a midlife crisis on steroids. Whatever the reason, Mark had been attentive and toted and carried a stunning, new assortment of all the clothes that Michael had never had time for. There were jeans, softly worn looking although the price tag disagreed. There were button-down shirts made to be worn with the tail out that would have been frowned upon at the office. There were cashmere sweaters that were impossibly soft and light and fleecy at the same time. There was a leather jacket that smelled rich and full of tannins and carried with it long ago discarded dreams of a motorcycle.
Michael had said yes to more than his practical nature thought he needed for the next six months. His new devil may care attitude thought that he'd saved his whole life for a rainy day and that right about now, he should consider this a deluge.
The polite knock on the door broke his concentration and the debate was left unsettled. "Mr. Fleming?" Mark asked.
"Yes?" Michael didn't open the door. He was mid-strip and at the moment only wore boxers and socks. He definitely needed to upgrade his underwear while he was at it. Hopefully, he would have opportunities for it to be seen, he thought with a slightly grim smile.
"I brought you the tweed jacket and those tee shirts we talked about," Mark told him in a low tone. It was just above a whisper, almost a murmur, meant to keep all the clientele insulated from one another. "I'm going to hang them on the outside of your door."
"Thanks," Michael murmured with a dry gulp.
"When you're ready to come out, Annette is going to help you with anything else that you need. And I already told her that you're going to want your packages delivered to your home."
Mark really had taken care of everything. Fuck, he'd been handled, hadn't he? Swindled, duped, he was a sucker and if either of his ex-wives had brought home a treasure trove of clothes like this, if he'd ever been home to see it, there would have been hell to pay.
Michael reached for his sweatpants and slid them up. He snapped the waistband in place and opened the dressing room door. He wondered if he wouldn't just tell Mark to forget about the whole damn thing when he saw her and everything froze in place, even his heart.
"Hi," she had a breathy voice that was young and sweet and far sexier than Michael was prepared for.
The name tag that was pinned to her blue, cotton blouse was a black, plastic bar that said "Annette". The placement of the name tag made it impossible to ignore that the early fall temps must be a bit chilly for her and her nipples were budded in the front of the fabric. Annette was slender and the blouse was tucked into a navy blue skirt. It was pleated and full and down to her knees. Annette didn't wear stockings with the outfit, she just had white, canvas tennis shoes on with anklet socks. She looked to be a girl playing dress up in an older woman's clothes and the effect was irresistible.
Michael realized that she was waiting for him to greet her. He wasn't ready yet though. He had to stare at that one dimple smile. Her pink, puckered, glossy lips hesitated. They were open just a little, as she waited to speak. She smelled like bubblegum and it was delicious. She was blonde, but strawberry blonde which sounded like a mouthwatering dessert at the moment. Annette had a trail of freckles across her nose and cheeks and her hair was an unruly, thick mess of curls that touched the collar of her blouse. She'd tried to pin them into submission with bobby pins here and there and Michael wanted to pull them out as he watched her hair fall into her face, wild and free.
She looked like Marilyn Monroe before she had become the platinum icon. Before, when she had just been Norma Jean, much less sexy and overdone; just wide-eyed and natural.
He suddenly remembered, the word was adorable.
"Hi," Michael finally responded and shoved his hands in his pockets to keep himself from touching her bare arms. He wanted to feel the white down that he knew was even softer than a cashmere sweater.
"Sorry, Mark had to leave," she said with a shrug and pointed her toe in the sneaker. "They don't want to give us insurance so none of us are full-time." She bit her bottom lip as if she just realized she'd said too much and then broke into a pouty smile. "It looks like you're starting over."
"What?" Michael was lost in the sights and scents of her. He was too distracted by her cream-colored arms and her curvy calves and the indentation at the bottom of her throat where her girlish perfume seemed to radiate. He bet it was cheap and came in a pink bottle and he wanted it all over his new clothes. The scent would carry his memory of her. It would permeate the tweed and the cashmere and all the other grownup clothes that a girl like her couldn't possibly know or care about.
"I mean, you've got a lot of clothes in there, Mr. Fleming," she pointed with a small finger inside the dressing room. Her nail polish was blue and chipped and he wanted to bite the tip of her finger and then suck on it. "Like you're starting your whole life over."
He nodded in agreement, and now he was officially buying all of it. "Yeah, I kind of am." He agreed and couldn't help that his eyes settled on her rosebud nipples. He wondered if her bra wasn't white, see-through, and cotton that it left her so exposed.
He was hard and suddenly realized it was obvious if she looked down. He blushed and thought that normally, even the Michael that he was two days ago, would have shut the door immediately. He would have turned away and shut the door and pushed down his unrelenting cock to strangle it back into his boxers. He would have left the store as fast as possible, humiliated by his desire. "Annette?" He said her name quietly like they were already intimate. Like he would have said her name as he beat off to her in the night.
"My friends call me Net," she said with a twisted, one-dimple smile that she couldn't have known was bewitching.
"My friends call me Michael," he said with his own smile and leaned in close to let her warm flower scent wash over him. "Do you think you can help me with underwear and socks?"
She giggled. She probably had never seen a man his age without a shirt on, let alone thought about his briefs. Again, Michael realized that in a past life that would have been enough embarrassment. Not now. Now there was a very detailed list that was tucked away in his nightstand drawer that spelled out just exactly what he'd like to do with this budding, young blonde bombshell. "Sure, I can do that. You're not married, right?"
She turned her face up and smiled and her warm bubblegum breath caressed his neck. That was all it took; just her breath left him with goosebumps and an ache. His cock lurched in his pants and danced for her. Michael dripped precum all the while and knew that he'd leave a telltale wet spot in the front of his pants any minute now. For the first time ever, he thought that she should see it. She should know what she was doing to him.
"No, I'm divorced," Michael told her with a laugh in his voice that suggested that he was glad of it.
"I can always tell. Married guys have their wives buy their underwear."
And with that, she left him with her scent and the thought of her milky white, young body. So young, young enough that she was simply radiant and none of it was contrived. She was just new. Michael knew that she'd feel like satin under the blouse and her pleats. He imagined that he'd touch the backs of her knees and hold her hands and that was almost entirely too much. If he had five minutes alone in the dressing room, he'd happily cum as he held the scent of her in his mouth and swallowed.
It had only been a minute or possibly two when Net knocked on the door. Michael was quick to open it. He hoped that she'd come inside instead of standing out in the hallway and he blushed with pleasure as she did just that. They were alone together, a whole door between them and the rest of the world. She'd returned with packages of underwear in all colors and types. She had socks as well, quite the assortment and it was too much for her small arms to keep wrapped around.
"I just got you some of everything," she whispered like they were co-conspirators. There were her nipples again, hard and full and swollen. Michael could only imagine that they'd pulse as he held them, one at a time, between his lips as he painted the eager tips with his tongue.
"Thank you," he couldn't help but close the gap between them. He wondered if she could feel this crackle of white-hot longing between them. "Can I," Michael bent and came into her sweet body. His arms slipped up around her small shoulders as the load in her hands shifted. "Can I kiss you?" he whispered the question. He didn't know where he'd gotten the balls to ask but he didn't stop to think about the possibilities. His face was so close to hers that he could taste the bubble gum and hoped that she'd slip it into his mouth.
"Yes." It was enough and it was everything. As their mouths met, Michael could hear the packages tumble to the floor at his feet but that was a world away. Everything that mattered was this young girl's velvet lips and her sticky gloss and her warm gum scent. His body was hard and yet almost limp as he melted into her. He kissed her, it was whisper soft, just a brush of lips. Net didn't move away. In fact, she opened her mouth just a little. It could have just been to breathe but Michael gave her his breath instead as he offered his tongue.
He licked her lip, delicately tasting her, just a lap alongside the bottom of her succulent top lip. She tasted like the gloss and the gum and her sigh was something from too many years ago when kisses were everything. Her own tongue, small and round and wet, slipped out to touch his.
He was shocked but his mouth was hungry and insistent. Michael sucked her tongue inside as his hands, suddenly completely independent of considering whether or not this was even allowed, his clammy hands with his trembling fingers made a path down her shoulders. They moved down her back where he could delineate the back of her ribs and the shudder of her breath. Then the soft swell of her bottom and his fingertips sank into the doughy flesh while the head of his cock pushed through his clothes, against the valley under her hip bone.
The kiss went on and deepened. Their feet shuffled like a slow dance and he pushed her up against the wall. Michael's heart hammered so hard and so fast in his chest, he wondered briefly if the strain was too much. Then he thought that if he died here, on the floor in Nordstrom, he couldn't think of a nicer place.
Short and blissful seemed perfect.
Their mouths parted with a slippery sound. There was another salesman and another customer that entered the dressing room next door. "I'll be outside Mr. Wetzel," the salesman said in a much louder voice than Mark had used. Michael wondered for a moment if this guy even knew the posh, toney code of conduct that was required at Nordstrom.
"Yeah, thanks," Mr. Wetzel replied with a click of the lock.
Michael placed his index finger over his lips to tell her that this was their little secret. All the better that he couldn't ask, that he couldn't explain. There was no time for his greedy, dripping mouth to ask for permission before it sought out her naked creases and folds. It required her now for sustenance.
He was so parched. Michael could barely control his trembling fingers on the buttons of her light blue blouse. Jesus Christ, who invented these impossible buttons? If they were anywhere else he would have torn the fabric open to get at her but she needed her name tag for later.
Finally, Michael opened the blouse and watched silently as it melted from her body. It slipped down her thin arms that were covered in downy, white hairs that made her intoxicating to touch. Her breasts were small and delicate. Net panted and the tea cups of satin skin moved up and down quickly. She covered her mouth with both hands to muffle the sound.
Net's eyes were wild and they said yes and please and hurry as Michael found the front enclosure of her white, cotton bra. It was sheer and simple and reminiscent of all the bras he dreamt of when he was younger. He had to bite his lip hard to keep himself from moaning at the sight of her pale, perfectly round breasts. They were firm and high and the perfect size and shape for his hands. Her nipples were ripe and large and Jesus Christ. no wonder she couldn't hide them.
When Michael bit her with just the tips of his teeth, she convulsed. Michael felt her legs part under the skirt as he lapped a maddeningly, slow circle along her ridges and valleys of her taut, pink flesh. Net kept her hands clasped over her mouth. Her hips, her lovely, girlish hips thrashed in the skirt like he was fucking her instead of just lapping and nibbling.
He had an idea. But really, he realized as he sank to his knees like a postulate before her teenage beauty, it wasn't a thought at all. It was instinct, a necessity. His body demanded it. It was like the chemicals had done something, set fire to reason and logic and all that was left inside was an insatiable animal that listened to nothing but hunger.
Bare to the waist and flushed down her cheeks and chest, Net watched as he sank. Michael lowered himself to the ground and his nervous hands, anxious, voracious hands, pushed up the hem of her navy blue, pleated skirt.
Panties.
They were beautiful, little cotton panties. They were light blue like her blouse, like her nail polish, fuck, like her eyes. They were scented of her sweet sex. His hands clutched her skirt. He pushed up the fabric and it covered the crease under her heaving breasts but not her nipples. Michael wanted to make sure that he could see her strawberry buds while he lavished her secret, little girl places with kisses.
The salesman knocked on the dressing room next door. "How is that working for you, Mr. Wetzel?"
Mr. Wetzel grumbled, "No, I need a size up. And I want to try on the gray also."
Net shivered with suppressed giggles and whimpers as Michael pressed a fervent kiss to the warm, damp place at the center of her panties.
"Yes, of course, sir. I'll be right back."
Michael tugged at the waistband and slipped the panties over her hips. They came slowly down the milky white expanse of her thighs and the backs of her knees and down her silken calves. Net put one canvas tennis shoe against the wall, bent her knee, and opened up for him. She'd dropped her hands and her breath touched his face as Michael looked up. Her eyes were heavy with lust as she watched him. He imagined what her moan would sound like if she could let it erupt from inside.
She was such a girl like this. Between her legs, she was dewy and satin and had the softest bits of curls along her lower lips. They were such tiny lips, demure and innocent but her scent was pure woman. Net smelled musky and hot like she'd been playing with herself. Michael dove down to her secret place and rooted his nose in her wet, thick hair. He would have moaned into her body, regardless of Mr. Wetzel, if the salesman hadn't returned.
He knocked on the door once more and Michael licked her small lips apart. He opened her like a flower bud, almost ripe, on the precipice of blooming. just about to burst forth. A flower that wanted coaxing. The sweet, pink inner lips dripped with her want and she had to hold her hands over her mouth again as Michael tasted her wetness for the first time. Net was new wine, a sweet Beaujolais. It should age, it would deepen and ripen but Michael was going to drink his fill now that she was decanted. Bare and open and soapy with desire, her pussy was food for a god.
"Sir, I've brought you the next size up in both colors. I'm going to leave them here on the rack for you," the salesman said as Michael's tongue slipped up, between her inner lips. He lapped to the half-opened, teasing hood that kept her sweet pearl mostly hidden. He could feel it with the tip of his tongue, and her clitoris was large considering how tiny her lips were. When she was on the verge of a climax, Michael thought she wouldn't be able to conceal her need and that thought alone made him so thirsty. He traced the hot, little bead through its fleshy pouch and felt Net spread her trembling thighs even wider.
Her body begged and his mouth longed to give her everything.
Mr. Wetzel bumped around in the dressing room as Michael seized her clitoris between his lips and sucked her inside his mouth. He worshiped the beautiful girl who stood before him, a nubile vixen in her skirt and tennis shoes.
Michael took her little hands as he sucked and placed them on the skirt. He was very precise and placed her hands exactly where he needed them. With the skirt up, she was exposed. All of her lush, baby soft skin, her milky white flesh, her girlish sex and the flush that seemed to make her a cherub. He wanted her pointed nipples exposed and he wanted his hands free to roam every inch.
She obeyed without a word, almost without a breath. Michael's cock thrashed in the sweatpants and pulsed all of its own accord. Her clit swelled and her pink cover retracted just a little more. He wondered if he wouldn't cum in his pants without even touching himself. He hardly needed to and with a gulp of luscious sex milk down his throat, he thought it would almost be better not to touch himself. Then it would be nothing but her.
His hand trembled and he placed it on one nipple and his fingers wound around her dainty point. He memorized her creases and the feel of her skin as it hardened even more from his attention. If he had her in a bed, if he had days and nights of her young, luscious body spread open wide, he'd spend at least a day on her nipples.
As it was, he had a fever and this was desperate and could be interrupted at any moment. He ran the other hand languidly along her inner thigh and pushed his tongue along her clit. He bathed her there, washed her, and loved her. He delighted in the spill of her secret juices down his chin. His saliva and her deliciousness made some new concoction and it dripped down his neck to his collarbones.
She was so fucking soft. Net's thighs were warm velvet. As Michael lapped and suckled at her succulent flesh, he had a daydream of her open thighs around his body. The girl would be a cocoon of plush warmth where he would burrow between and drink and knead her skin. He wanted to bask in the glory of her youth and her wetness.
If only there were time.
Michael pushed his index finger inside her heated, dripping entry and Net shuddered. Michael looked up and licked right there on her crevice as their eyes locked. His finger became his manhood and with his eyes, he told her everything he wanted to do to her and her almost virginal little body. Yes, little girl, beautiful, gorgeous little girl, fill you up, fill you to the very bottom, fill you until you are a flood of my desire.
Michael kept the tempo steady. His finger was steady and slow and deep and it beckoned to the little blonde from inside her perfectly soaked pussy. He had found it. The spot; the spot that when he fluttered against it, she gripped the wall. He waved his finger and played her like an instrument. Net shook, up against the wall, she shook and her cheeks turned red. He licked her bud, his tongue, and his finger in tune and she was the melody. His tongue and his finger inside and his thumb and forefinger on her nipple. He was the conductor and her orgasm was the melody about to burst forth into song. The little blonde was on the precipice of her torrent of passion and the rain seemed to hover there on the horizon. It was a storm cloud about to burst, the music about to crescendo.
Mr. Wetzel received a telephone call and apparently, it was his wife or some other woman in his life. Michael could hear a female tone, sharp and bitter. There were the footsteps up and down, the back and forth of the busy worker bees right outside the door. Everything kept going all around them but Michael couldn't hear it. Everything was drowned out by the exquisite details of Net. He could feel her pulse in his mouth as he closed his lips around her ripe, throbbing bud. Her clitoris was utterly exposed, her hood drawn back completely. Her pearl beat with the rhythm of his mouth and his heart and his finger that called to her. Cum little girl, cum and let me wash my face in the hot rain of teenage lust. Her juices were a vintage that had never been so appreciated as they were just now.
Net pushed forward. Her knees shook and she slapped her hands up against the wall, desperate to hold on for balance. Michael felt the long, hot squirt inside his mouth before he quite comprehend just what was happening. Then it hit him as another torrent tore from her. She squirted. He affirmed it with his finger. The beautiful, blonde angel was coming and arching her back and bursting with her delight. He could have laughed if he wasn't busy gulping it down.
He drank. He drank like she was an oasis in the desert. He sucked down her milk and delighted in the creamy trails of her cum that spilled down his cheeks. It mingled with the sweat on his chest. He sucked and fingered and her hot, little entry squeezed tight around his finger as an almost violent tremor ran its course. She even tapped her tennis shoes.
Net sunk her blue nails into his shoulders and Michael knew that he'd have her fingernail shaped marks there later. He stared at her face, enchanted as her body quivered and fed him. Net doused him, he was marked with luscious rivulets of milk. She was entirely pink now. Her eyes closed, her teeth clamped and her lips were drawn back. Her spasms wracked her body and it seemed almost like a fight. Like she just couldn't give him every last little droplet, she just couldn't be wrung out and emptied. But Michael insisted.
Net squeezed him tight inside, one last, long shudder that made her go up on one tiptoe in her tennis shoes. Then she collapsed, spent. The girl draped forward, over him, her little breasts pressed to his sticky face. She heaved and held in the sound of her breath as best as she could. She panted quietly, like she'd just run a hundred yard dash.
Net kissed him as she melted to his lap and Michael groaned into her juicy mouth as he dropped from his knees to the floor. She was loose and lax now, inside she gushed steadily. She was swollen and open and her climax dripped down his forearm. Michael tasted her tongue and licked along the ridge between her gum and the inside of her mouth. He knew she'd taste her own sweetness there. Even better than bubble gum, it would be something for her to remember later tonight.
The skirt draped over his lap and tented his poor, aching cock. No matter that it was covered, in his lap like this, Net felt his dick as it hammered between her thighs. The head fully pressed into the wet material of his sweatpants, it dipped into the sweet remainders that dripped to the floor.
Michael withdrew his finger. He took his mouth from hers. He fed her his cream dipped finger and watched her eat like a baby bird. Net looked him in the eye with the most pornographic look. She had no idea how sexy she was with her heavy lids and her flushed cheeks and the sweet knowing there in her eyes. In spite of how young and innocent she appeared, she had cum like a woman, drenched him with her fluids. That look said that she knew that it was beautiful and filthy and a man Michael's age had no business being like this with her and that made it all the more sweet.
She sucked his finger clean as the salesman tapped on Mr. Wetzel's door. "How are we doing in there, sir?"
Mr. Wetzel had finished the argument with his wife and mumbled his dissatisfaction under his breath. "I'm coming out. I need to look at the other jacket again." There were the sounds of feet hastily jammed into shoes and those shoes that scuffed along down the hallway.
Once they were gone, Net giggled inside as she sucked. She released his finger and took Michael's mouth back. He kissed her bottom lip. He seized the pouchy, pouty lip that he'd sucked all the gloss off and her bare mouth was intoxicating. "That's my boss, Evan," she whispered as Michael shifted from her bottom lip to the top. "He's a total toolbag."
"Oh yeah?" He asked with a smirk and then pushed his dick up. It was all involuntary. His cock just couldn't help but beg as it watched her cherub mouth suck and her big, blue eyes and that dimple. Jesus Christ.
"Yeah." Net said with a nod and added with a grin. "I bet he's looking for me."
Mr. Wetzel returned with heavy, tromping footsteps and so did Evan the toolbag. During the scuffle that returned the miserable man to the dressing room next door, Net whispered, "I am going to fuck you." Her breath was hot on his neck and it touched his pulse and made it strum a little faster. "I am going to fuck you right here."
Really, little girl? He didn't say a word. His heart trembled and he swallowed hard. Suddenly his mouth was dry even after the baptism of her sweet fountain. He was nervous and crazy horny, like it was the first time. Like he was her age and had built this up for months and was already more than just a little in love with her.
Michael clasped her face in his hands and mouthed, "Yes" instead of any of the other words he could think of. Like please and god and you're the girl I've been dreaming of since I was your age.
Net raised up from the floor and pointed at the padded bench in the corner. In the corner, there were mirrors on both sides. Even though the seat was handy for trying on shoes or seeing how a pair of pants felt when seated, Michael wondered if it hadn't also been used for fucking at some point. It was too perfect.
He pushed his sweatpants to the floor and watched as his hard cock lurched and bobbed for her. The lonely silver trail of his anxious liquid was a river down his shaft. It had made a puddle at the base of his dick. Michael was wet and lubricated and the ache had built to a crescendo and as he pushed his back into the wall. He braced himself for her precious little cunt and he watched. Torn, his lizard brain couldn't decide which was better, the girl before him or the panoramic view of her reflection.
He watched as Net unbuttoned and unzipped the skirt and it floated to the floor. She stepped out, completely bare now but for the tennis shoes. Michael bit his right hand hard to keep that noise to himself. A whinny. Maybe something that a stallion would make. A mating call. A desperate howl, something driven by ancient chemicals and a calling that he'd been trained to squelch down and hide away. It was a sound that he was sure that Mr. Wetzel, or any man, would recognize instantly as ecstasy.
She stood and stared at his nakedness and Michael followed her blue eyes. The innocence was still there, perhaps a bit of marvel as she stared at his erection. "Oh god," she didn't speak but he could read her lips. Net stepped up, her legs spread, the velvet of her inner thighs around his legs. Her small hand reached down between his legs and grasped his thickness right at the center.
Fuck. He wouldn't cum, not like that right in her hand. He wouldn't spray her lips with semen before he was even inside her, but he could. Michael knew that it was a possibility as he looked down and saw the head of his dick nestle in the nest of her slippery hair. The blonde guided him back to her dripping slit. With an expert move of her hips, she writhed and enveloped him from tip to base in one easy move.
Net was so tight. Her tiny hand couldn't be tighter and yet she was wide open from the orgasm. Her demure pussy lips were hot and thick now and couldn't have been tucked back comfortably into panties. Not like this. She needed to be fucked. Just a perfect, little girl who needed his cock, needed to ride him. Which she did, like she'd done it a thousand times before, like they'd been lovers all along.
The girl in the mirror placed her slender fingers on his shoulders and her strawberry blonde curls fell around her. The girl in his lap had shadows on her cheeks and forehead as she moved up, almost off his dick altogether. She slowly lowered herself to the bottom once more. Fuck, she was heaven. Michael had to wonder just how she knew. How did a sweet baby girl like her know to look him in the eye like that as she rocked her hips up and down? She slid back and forth just to let him watch her lips open and close and beckon his orgasm to her.
Michael clenched his thighs and pushed up inside as hard as he could. He matched every move. Net was a carnival of sensual delights and everywhere, everything was irresistible. Her tea cup titties bounced in the mirror and her nipples pointed at his face, just screaming for a bite. They were fat, little puckered buds that he'd spent nowhere near enough time sucking. Then there was her slender waist, her softness around him and her pale flesh entwined with his.
But fuck, there were her cheeks in the glass and everything inside him growled. Michael let his hands settle on her hips and he pushed her down and rocked up. He pulled back as she rose.
For a little girl, for a blue eyed cherub, for a girl who looked as new and freshly scrubbed as she was, she knew how to fuck. She didn't even have makeup on and yet, here she was. Net rode his cock like a full grown woman who knew exactly what she wanted.
Michael wouldn't look away, he couldn't. He knew that he'd last longer if he closed his eyes but it was too good like this. She picked up the pace and the slap of their skin was loud, too loud for where they were but it couldn't be helped. Michael's balls were full, drawn up close and so close to overflowing with his seed. He was full of milk, stuffed so full of need that he had no choice. He knew he was going to cum deep inside her. He was going to fill her and then keep fucking her while it flowed back out and spilled down his legs.
Net tightened and dug her fingers in again. Her face was red and she almost looked to be in pain. Yes baby girl, he drove himself home, I can't hold it back, can't hold it anymore. Give it to me, he begged in his mind. He needed to feel her flutter and clench and feel the needy little spasm of her magically silken pussy grab hold of him as the little shudders ran down her legs and she had her second orgasm all over him.
"Okay Mr. Wetzel, I'm going to leave you with these selections," her boss was right outside. The shuffle and the feet made Michael tense as they froze, both of them on the verge of a cataclysmic surge.
Net slapped her right hand over her mouth and kept going. There was no stopping her now and the young girl's body gripped him within. Her thighs clenched down and Michael felt the hot stream of her ecstasy pour down his cock. The slaps of their bodies were too loud and too wet to be anything else but fucking but Michael was too far gone to do anything but let go.
He came in waves of electrical impulses, vibration after vibration. He drowned in the pleasure of her, of it all. Pleasure in her blue eyes and her little waist melded to his belly and her budded breasts flat as they pressed against the thunder of his heartbeat. There was a sob that welled up inside, a cry of release. It was stuck in his throat and almost choked him. The intensity just made the orgasm rip through him, the delight rushing all the way down to his toes.
"Sir, are you alright in there?" Evan the toolbag asked as he knocked, very officially, on the dressing room door.
Michael clung to Net as he came, another wave and yet another. His whole body quivered and Net poured liquid from inside, down his pelvis. His thighs dripped of her and him combined.
"Yes," Michael said in a husky voice as he stared into Net's eyes and held onto her bottom like a life preserver. "Yes, just trying to make some decisions," he added louder.
"Okay, sir. Well let me know if you need anything," the toolbag called out and both he and Net dissolved into giggles once the sound of his feet in the toolbag loafers disappeared back onto the sales floor.
Net's eyes sparkled. She kissed his forehead and her pussy grabbed him once more. His cock had finally emptied and softened. It felt like she hugged him with all of her body. "That was the most interesting thing that's ever happened at this job," she told him in a whisper that caressed the back of his neck.
"Good," Michael said as she slid back. This was going to be goodbye, wasn't it? They couldn't stay here forever. It was almost as if Net could read his mind and she raised her soft body from his lap. They were parted now, severed. He instantly smelled the pungent, salty scent of his seed as it ran from her tiny entry. "Are you going to be in trouble?" he whispered as he shifted in his seat. His legs weren't strong enough to stand yet. It wasn't until that moment that he realized that he was spent.
Net reached for her skirt and began the movements. The preparations, the buttons and zippers and smoothing into place. He was sure that in a minute or two, in spite of the rich scent of sex, she'd look like nothing happened. If she sprayed a little of her cheap perfume and popped a piece of bubble gum in, no one would know that she'd just rutted like an animal.
"No," Net told him as she reached for her bra, "not if you buy all this stuff." She gave him a wink.
"Yeah, of course," he assured her with a whisper. Oh, that was right. He was surrounded by clothes. Pants and shirts and even underwear; clothes to start his whole life over, to use her words. Michael thought that maybe he just had.
Net had the blouse on once more and looked in the mirror to make sure that her bobby pins were still in place. She straightened up and showed him the light blue panties that she'd wadded up in a ball. "For you," she put them in his hand and let him hold her hand for a moment. Their fingers lingered, one last touch before she escaped.
With a shrug and a grin, Net slipped out of the dressing room, almost silently. If it weren't for the lingering scent of cheap perfume and cum, it would seem as if she'd almost been a figment of his most perverse fantasy.
Evan, the toolbag, met him at the cash register. The young man showed his unnaturally, white teeth in a grimace like a hungry crocodile as he looked at stacks that Michael had set down. "And who helped you today?" he wondered, waiting to dole out credit.
"Annette," Michael replied dryly, as if he wasn't still covered in her juices. As if he still couldn't taste her strawberry nipples and the hot, pink folds that hid away her delicate secrets.
"Oh yes," Evan grinned, "she's one of our best."
***
The buzzer woke Michael from a deep sleep and for a moment or two, he was too disoriented to understand what the buzzer was. It seemed like it was the middle of the night but once he put on his readers, his cell phone said that it was only dinner time.
There went the buzzer again and he said to himself, "Yeah, yeah, I'm coming." Michael swung his feet to the floor and found that yes, he'd gotten his sea legs back after all.
He pressed the button and spoke into the intercom, "Yes?"
"Mr. Fleming, there's quite a few packages down here for you. Can we bring them up?"
"Sure, thanks," he told the front desk. Michael unlocked his door and left it open. He'd need a few dollars from his wallet. The staff always said that gratuities weren't required but they were so much quicker about things when they got a little something.
He scratched his head and wondered just how many packages did it take to start his whole life over? It was her phrase and he'd never forget it or her. He liked this, he was unwashed and reeked of the scents of a girl on the cusp of womanhood. Michael was covered in the aroma of sweat and wet sex and sweet, floral perfume and he'd already memorized the smell of her on his body.
Michael knew he'd have to shower at some point but not tonight. "Mr. Fleming, where would you like us to put these?" Carter had come up with his buddy who never spoke. Carter was also the kid who usually fetched his Acura TSX. The two of them had arrived with a luggage cart that was neatly stacked with packages that were wrapped in paper from Nordstrom.
"Could you bring that to the closet in the master bedroom?" Michael felt his forehead wrinkle as he considered it. All his life, he'd been fiercely independent; it was practically the religion that he'd been brought up in. The Michael of his former life would insist that he carry everything himself. Was it that he had all these white blood cells now, fighting the rampant cancer, that left him almost perpetually drained? Was it just because he was suddenly aware that life was a time clock?
Or was it just because he'd cum so well and even after a three hour nap, he was still used up? Michael grinned and thought that was the answer he'd stick with.
Once he was alone again with his thoughts, Michael picked out a nice bottle of Cabernet and let it decant. It might still technically be summer but from his view on the twenty-ninth floor, it appeared to be drifting away. The way the sunset was melting amber and the clouds were all gray and plum and magenta and slashed with gold, it looked like fall was in the air. He decided to turn on the gas fireplace, even if it was just for the look of it.
With his glass and the furry wrap that he'd bought when the chemo had left him permanently chilled, he sat and reminded himself of the afternoon. He delved deep into the divine sensory experience that was Net. For a man who was dying, he'd never felt so alive.
Fuck, he'd never been that brave. Michael had always thought and planned and second guessed himself when it came to women. At work, he'd been bold. In the bedroom, he'd been hesitant.
Perhaps it was going to be easier to check off the list than he'd imagined. He savored the wine and reached for the notebook. He flipped it open and clicked his blue pen. Michael chuckled to himself and thought, technically he had fulfilled more than one. Sex with a stranger, yes check. Although, given his affection for Net at this point, he hated calling her that. Even if they'd just met and even if they never crossed paths again, he felt indebted to the curly haired girl. She'd graciously given him a sensuous world of delight, she'd opened up to him so generously. All with an adorable giggle and a wink.
He also thought that technically, they'd fulfilled sex in public even though it was different than Michael had pictured it. But any more public than the dressing room made his heart flip and his stomach tie into knots. He wasn't even sure if that was the case that his cock would be reliable. Maybe the first dressing room to the left in the men's department at Nordstrom was as public as he wanted to be.
Check.
With the first tick on the list completed, Michael closed the notebook and retrieved his most prized possession. They were in his pocket and of all the clothes that he'd purchased at the store today, these were by far his most treasured item. Blue cotton panties, panties for a girl to wrap up all of her sweet delights. A girl, far too young and too vibrant to begin to comprehend the gift that she'd given him today. A girl of undulating softness that wasn't a reminiscence so much as a daydream that had come to life.
He was rock hard just holding the panties. Michael couldn't remember the last time that he'd been desirous enough to masturbate so soon after sex. He'd save it though. His cock would simmer as little things came back, the glimmer in her blue eyes, the hint of her perfume from his arm, a wave of her pussy scent from his hand. He was old enough to appreciate that things like this didn't happen every day.
In fact, sometimes it took a lifetime.
He'd let it build and build until he had no choice but to surrender. In the dark, he'd clasp her panties to his mouth and his hand would be her tiny one and even if this morning, she had been a stranger, Michael was sure he'd call out her name when he had his second orgasm of the day.
In the meantime, he had a trip to plan. He'd always preferred road trips to flying. Even if it was less efficient, it was far more enjoyable. He'd always wanted to follow the Mississippi River south. He wanted to take all the old, winding roads that ambled along and curved with the landscape. Inefficient, back roads that were meant to drive thirty-five. The roads were dotted with farmland and quaint little towns from postcards. He'd follow the river down to New Orleans and give her a proper goodbye while he still had the strength. He thought that Bourbon Street required a little bit of fortitude in the best of times. Michael didn't want to wait and give one of his favorite places on earth some kind of watered down farewell. He refused to greet her when he needed a walker or oxygen; or whatever other possible humiliations lay on this mysterious path ahead.
Besides, he thought with a sigh, it was fate. New Orleans was a place that felt like home at this point. It was a place where every celebration was held as if it were the last and everyone acknowledged the power of the spirit world. It was a city built on the bones of travelers. It had sprung up from graveyards and voodoo and mysterious pagan rites. The slow, southern heat brought everything to a standstill so that it could be properly appreciated. There was nowhere else quite as perfect to be half dead.