"Good morning Nate."
"Morning. Are you as sore as I am today?"
"Oh yeah."
I sat up and Megan handed me the cup of coffee she had made.
"Oh god, that's good."
"Listen, Nate, I think maybe we should give it a bit of a rest today."
I smiled because it was sort of what I had been thinking because I was a bit tender too but at the same time I just wanted more and more of Megan. It was like I was an addict and she was my drug. what exactly the same thought I was thinking too.
"I have to admit that I am a little bit sore after yesterday."
Megan seemed to be relieved that I felt the same way. I tried not to let any disappointment show.
"I know you don't feel like it right now but after you've had some breakfast I think we need to go for a walk and perhaps stretch some of these kinks out."
"You're right, I don't want to but yes I agree, it would probably help."
The next hour or so was spent in a sort of slow-motion procession of coffee and sitting down. Finally, it got the better of Megan and she stood up stretching mightily. I admired her body as she stretched and I felt that familiar stirring again. I doubted whether I could make it through the day without making Megan cum. It was now my most favorite thing to do and I felt I would be happy to spend all day every day making her feel good. She saw me eyeing her and although she initially tried not to she couldn't resist giving me a sexy smile back.
"I've created a monster haven't I."
"If you mean a pussy eating monster, then yes you have."
Megan laughed, shaking her head ruefully.
"Only a few weeks ago you wouldn't have dared say something like that."
"A few weeks ago I had no idea how good you tasted and how much I would enjoy making you writhe and moan."
"Ha. Fair call I guess. Nate, you're not just making that up to get me to play with your dick, are you? You genuinely enjoy it."
I could have said some smart ass thing but this was a serious subject for me. I needed Megan to know, to understand just how much I loved doing that and how much I loved her for teaching me that it was not something to be fearful of but something that gave me as much pleasure as it did her. I walked around the table until we were face to face.
"Megan, I don't have any fancy words to say that will really help explain it but the things you have taught me and wanted me to do with you, well, Uh I wish I had better words for it but I just love it. Making you feel so much pleasure that you begin to lose control of yourself. That's just the greatest I have ever felt. Yes, I love it when you do things to me too but for me, the best feeling is always giving you the pleasure."
She was staring into my eyes and I had moved closer to her until I was holding her in my arms.
"Wow. No one has ever said anything like that to me ever."
"It's just the truth. I would happily sit down at this table and eat you for breakfast every single day."
Megan gave a small chuckle but then her face changed to an expression of wonder.
"You really mean that don't you."
"Yes, I do."
"Do it then."
"Are you sure?"
"Mmhmm."
I picked her up and kissed her hard on the lips. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me back furiously. Our tongues were wrestling and our breathing suddenly became hard. I sat her down on the edge of the table and leaned her back. I reached down and undid her pants, then slid them, panties and all, down her legs. She kicked them off then lifted her feet up until they were on the edge of the table. I pulled up a chair like I was preparing to eat my favourite meal.
I sat down then grabbed her hips, dragging her body closer to me. Megan let her thighs fall apart and I watched as her lips slowly separated from each other. Megan was already getting wet and her lips were a beautiful pink colour. I dove straight in. I bent forward and placed a delicate kiss right onto her clit before I placed my mouth over as much of her pussy as I could. I sucked her lips into my mouth, tasting her delicious juices and smelling her arousal. Oh, this was heaven. I flicked my tongue repeatedly between her lips I licked her clit and then tried to push my tongue as deep into her as it would go.
Megan immediately began to moan. Her hips kept moving around as though trying to guide my lips and tongue. My cock was rock hard but I had no intention of stopping my oral onslaught until she begged me to.
I sucked her lips into my mouth again and explored their delicate folds with the tip of my tongue. Megan's hips began bucking slightly and she moaned again. I looked up her body and was delighted to see her face had an almost pained look on it and her hands were kneading her breasts. I sucked harder and flicked my tongue over her clit.
"Ooh yeah, don't stop... oh, oh, oh. Oh god, you're going to make me cum."
I don't know where the thought came from but I somehow knew this was something I should try. When she was so into her orgasm that she could barely speak I shifted. I released her clit and immediately began strumming it with my fingers. My tongue slid down over her now gaping pussy, lapping at the juices that were flowing from her then further down again. I prodded and probed at her tight puckered ass with my tongue as I stroked her clit and the resulting orgasm was so powerful that I was very nearly left with a neck injury and drowned at the same time.
Megan came hard. I t was wet and loud and as she thrashed about I almost came myself.
Megan's thighs rested on my shoulders as her calves stretched down my back. Her thighs were quivering and her pussy and ass kept clenching repeatedly. Megan was making animalistic sounds that made me feel like this was an even better effort than I had previously achieved. I had cum covering more of my face than the grin I was sporting. Megan slowly calmed down so I went back to cleaning her cum from her thighs, pussy and ass. I simply couldn't get enough. She moaned as though surprised but delighted that I wanted to go back for more. I kept alternating between sucking her lips, tonguing her clit, licking up the cum dripping from her pussy and sliding my tongue over and just a little into her ass. It didn't take long for another orgasm to wash over. She grabbed my hair quite roughly and ground her pussy into my face. It was rough and hard to breathe but I was determined and I loved every second of it.
She bucked and heaved against my face until all of a sudden she stopped holding me hard in place as she twitched and screamed. She eased her hips back down to the table as she panted moaned. She placed her hands on either side of my face and looked me in the eyes.
"What have you done to me? Oh my god. I want you to cum now."
"It's okay, I don't have to."
"I know you don't but I want you too. I want your cum all over me again."
With great effort, Megan sat up then stripped her shirt off so she was completely naked. She directed me to stand up then undid my pants, letting them slide to the floor. We moved around so that Megan was now on the chair and I was standing in front of her. She immediately began licking up all the pre-cum that had leaked from my cock.
"Mmm, I love the taste of you."
"Oh, Megan that feels so good."
"Call me Aunty again. Call me Aunty Megan."
"Oh Aunty Megan, I love it when you suck my cock."
This triggered some fantasy in Megan as she really went to town. She was bobbing her head fast up and down the length of my cock. She was making slurping noises and we were both moaning.
She released my cock but kept the motion going with her hand.
"Tell your dirty slut, Aunty Megan, when you're going to cum for me."
She went straight back to sucking me hard and fast.
I could tell she was getting off on being nasty so I played along as best I could. The problem was the dirty talk got me going to the point of no return. I was not going to last very long at all.
"Oh yes. Take your nephew's cock you dirty Aunt. Take it all. Mmmm good girl. Oh yes, that's it. Oh yes, oh yes here it comes. Take my cum, Aunty Megan."
The first blast went into her mouth but she quickly took me out of her mouth and shoved my cock between her tits.
"Yes. Fuck your Aunties tits and cum all over them. Mmm yes, that's it cover me with your cum."
It felt so amazing. I felt like my head would explode with joy as I came and came. I was still pushing out small dribbles as Megan wiped the head of my cock over each of her hard nipples.
We both showered, got dressed again then managed to actually get some work done. We finally finished with the painting and I had to admit that the house looked a whole lot better than it had the morning I first saw it properly. It's amazing what a decent paint job can do. We worked well together and we managed to keep the flirting to a minimum. The same can't be said for the rest of the time I was there though.
I learned things that I never knew about women and I spent so much time naked outside that I developed a tan in places where I have never been tanned before. It was the greatest experience of my life so far and I feel in some ways that I owe a debt of gratitude to Megan that I will never be able to fully repay.
The last week of my six weeks there arrived with a mixture of sadness and expectation. The weather was perfect and I was having such a good time, not just making love every day but working hard too. I also got to drive the Camaro a few times too. Behind it, all, though, was the knowledge that soon I would be returning to life at home. Megan had taught me a lot while I was there but the one thing she taught me that I don't think she intended to teach me was how sweet life could be when away from the influence of constant misery. Like I said earlier, my mother is my mother and I will always love her in a way but I doubted I could go back to living the way I was before.
As the final day was approaching, I began thinking of ways I could move out with my friends when Dad rang in the afternoon. I thought it was to organise what was happening tomorrow but as I watched Megan talked to him for quite some time, I could tell something was wrong. She kept asking him if he was okay but at the same time, she just couldn't hide the glee she was feeling inside no matter how much she tried to keep a poker face.
After a while, she handed the phone to me and stepped outside to give me some privacy. What I heard from my Dad was a mixture of trepidation and sadness but underlying that was a sense of excitement.
"Nate, plans have changed a bit. I am coming down to pick you up tomorrow okay?"
"Ahh sure. Is everything okay, Dad?"
"Yeah, Nate, I just need to have a talk to you about some things and I thought the drive back would be a good opportunity."
I was shocked. It sounded like it was just Dad coming to get me. Mum would never normally allow that.
"Is it just you coming, Dad?"
"Yeah it is this time but I'll talk to you about it tomorrow okay?"
"Okay. I'll see you tomorrow then."
"Okay. See you then."
That night Megan and I made love. I don't mean fucked like crazed animals, I mean slow, passionate, love. It was incredibly sweet and in some ways it made me feel sad. Although it was never said, we were both saying goodbye to what had been a beautiful time for us both. There was nothing to say that it could or would never happen again but it was definitely the end of a very important time in my life.