CH 4
Hannah came round for her workout on the Monday and Wednesday the next week. We had a drink on the porch and chatted for 20mins or so after her shower, wearing always the same green summer dress, and never any underwear. I tried to give her privacy, despite every fiber in my body straining to see her flesh again. But she remained demure, and we got on famously.
She was the flirty, fun, casual Hannah that exuded a lightness of being and made you feel at ease in her company. As much as I loved her sexual adventure, and the mysterious place her mind went when she was aroused, I also enjoyed the friendly banter that I missed after moving away from my circle of friends.
On the Thursday, she stopped by on her way home from her job to pick up something she left yesterday. I couldn't quite gather what it was, but I was pleased to see her so I could ask her out to the alehouse on Friday after her gym session in the National Park.
It was casual Hannah who dropped by, so it was no problem asking if she had plans for the Friday, and did she want to have dinner with me?
"Like a date?"
"Yes. Exactly like a date."
"I'm not sure about dating guys whose hard ons I've already seen, but ok, let's do it."
She's not a shy girl, and I was getting used to her teasing, and my blushes were decreasing every time I saw her. She made me feel pretty good about myself, but she had an intense side to her that I hadn't resolved yet.
My own experiences with sex were extensions of a relationship, where jokes, work talk, checking statuses on phones, were all catered for in the bedroom. What intrigued me about Hannah was how lost she would be in the moment, to the exclusion of all else, and I felt like I was missing something by still being so aware of my surroundings during pleasure. I wanted to know what is was like, and where it was she went.
She stopped by for her hour-long session along the fitness trail at 4.15, and arrived back at my cabin at 5.15 to shower. The outdoor spiral shower can be viewed from one end of the porch, and I sat with a beer on the day bed closest to it. I didn't intend on seeing Hannah naked again, I just wanted to chat while she showered.
I was starting to crave intimacy with Hannah, not just the fleeting encounters we'd had over the last week. It occurred to me that I hadn't actually touched Hannah yet, but I knew every inch of her body, and had witnessed her orgasm (and vice versa). I wanted more than watching.
I leaned over the rail while Hannah showered, and I could see her face and tops of shoulders. There was no real risk of exposing herself, but the intimacy of chatting while showering, like couples do, was enough to arouse me slightly, and look forward to the date this evening.
"We're are we going?" She called out from the shower.
"Just the alehouse. Is there anywhere else?"
"Ah, no actually. Unless you want to drive for half an hour? The food is good there anyway, and never busy."
"Friday nights are pretty busy I think? I have only been on Fridays, and there is a pretty regular football crowd. I am getting to know the locals."
Hannah went quite and looked into empty space, and then muttered, "I guess I've never been on Fridays".
I loved watching her dry her hair, and bob in and out of sight as she dried her lower half. The forest setting, a beer, and a naked women showering had me feeling pretty well relaxed. I watched her pull her dress over her head, and noticed a bra was not likely. Had she pulled panties on? I didn't see it if she did. She moved around the spiral to where the mirror is to fix up, and out of my sight, so I got my things ready to head out.
I was on the porch when she came out dressed in a denim-colored knee length dress that flared at her hips. It was tight fitting on top, V-necked to the middle of her breasts, accentuating her small size and muscular arms.
"You look great!"
"Thanks mate! Let's go!" This was classic casual Hannah. I wondered how long before the aroused, intensely focused Hannah would come out.
We had a corner booth at the alehouse, and ordered some drinks and fries, and burgers. I sat facing away from the blaring TV's, because I didn't want to lose my own focus.
I felt like we resolved some of our differences in our choice of work over some beers. She maintained that as project manager at a Mining company she was best positioned to make tough calls to benefit the local forest, which clearly she was fond of. I could see her point, but on a corporate level, Mines are out to make money at any expense, no matter how willing their employees might be. I had seen glimpses of the stubborn, don't mess with me Hannah, and it didn't surprise me that she was very good at getting things done her way. Another round of beers and then she volunteered:
"This is nice. I mean, we've done some nice things together, but this is certainly more civilized."
I loved the lack of subtlety that she used to turn the conversation. I made a note to be the instigator next time.
"I'm glad you found it nice. I am still a bit weirded out about the last week, but you seem fine with it, so I'm trying to keep up."
"You say it like I have done this before. I haven't. I am usually pretty shy about my body. I had issues as a teenager about my weight, or more specifically my thighs. I guess that got me into running. I don't care about the weight issues anymore, but I kept at the running for enjoyment. I still have some hangover about people seeing me naked though."
"You don't seem like that to me! You're so comfortable in your skin, I'm jealous."
"I'm just saying that last week was out of character. But I enjoyed it. I'm all for new experiences. And new friends!"
She raised her glass to me to tap a cheers, but pulled it away as I tried to bring our glasses together. I must have had a puzzled expression on my face.
"You should always look people in the eye when you cheers."
Our glasses came together, along with our eyes, and I saw the beginnings of aroused Hannah in her vacant, piercing stare that held a little too long. Maybe it was my turn to encourage this night forward?
"How many pieces of clothing are you wearing right now, not including your shoes?"
"Why do you ask?"
"How many?"
"Umm, let's see. If I counted right... it's... just one."
Our eyes were still locked with that stare, but her face softened into a warm smile, which I returned. I took a sip of courage.
"I wonder if I could get down to one too?"
I was ahead on the seeing each other nude score, so I hope she appreciated my own commitment to even the score.
"You can't take your shirt off, that's too obvious. And your back is to the bar, so pants and jocks then? It's possible you can match me."
I broke our eyes to have a look around the bar. No one was paying us any attention. Some locals were starting to drift on home, some stuck around to play pool at the other end. I slipped off my shoes, and ripped off my pants and boxers in one swoop beneath the table. I laid the pants beside my left leg so it kind of looked decent if you weren't looking too close. My shirt was long enough to cover my flaccid and petrified manhood.
"One-all then? I like this game. I'll get the next round."
Hannah ordered from our end of the bar, so the bar girl had to stand directly in my sight line. Hannah stood in front so the bar girl couldn't see me, thank goodness. I ordered from this girl every week, but not next week if I'm sprung. As I watched, Hannah reached down her front and pulled the back of her skirt through her legs to the front, so it rode right up her crack. Her muscles clenched to hold it in position, and her wonderful outline hardened me under my shirt instantly.
She brought the beers back, and slid down the end of her side of the booth. I was saying something that I can't remember, because aroused Hannah, while seemingly listening, was also letting her right shoulder strap down to reveal her erect nipple, which she then started tweaking with her right hand, her left hand holding her chin up on the table.
Hannah was in the zone now, and this is what I was interested in.
"Where are you now Hannah?"
"Hmm?" she breathed absently.
"You are getting aroused, and you don't know what's happening around you. Should we leave?"
Hannah looked down at her nipple while continuing to roll her fingers.
"Umm. Should we? I don't know."
"You can't do what you want to do here. We both have to live in this town."
"Oh" she said, and snapped out of it and pulled up her strap.
I gave her minute to calm down before asking, "So what happens to you? You were totally gone."
"It's never been like that before. At least before I started training at the forest."
"What happened out there?"
"You've seen it" and my mind flashed back to the show in the cave.
"So you started masturbating in the falls after your workouts? And?"
"Well. I guess it is so peaceful, and I am full of endorphins, and there isn't much else to concentrate on except...um... me," she finished bashfully.
"What do you focus on? It seems like the whole world is dead to you?"
"I suppose it is. I just focus on the heat, all the feelings, coming up through me, and it spreads through every part of my body. I guess my head is just willing it on. And the sensation is so much greater if you can abandon yourself to it. I've been doing it so long it's all I can do now."
"It sounds, and looks, awesome. You'll have to show me how."
"Some other time." Hannah took a sip from her beer and sat back. "You can put your pants on, I think we're even now."
We finished up our drinks, and she challenged me to a game of pool. The bar was empty but for a group of four gents who were betting on the TV sports behind us.
"You can break," I said.
And she did, and I didn't get a shot in until she had three balls to sink.
"There's not a whole lot to do around here," she says smugly, as she hands over the cue.
Hannah took a seat on the bar stool across the table from me as I leant down to take my shot. Her dress was hitched up so all of her thighs were showing, her flesh contacting the seat, with just the gathered dress between her legs protecting her modesty. It was off putting, but I sunk my first shot.
She leant back on the bar, and crossed her legs over, sitting on the side. Hannah pulled her dress tighter at the front so it rode up above her exposed ass. I could see the length of legs up to the small of her back, one continuous ambulatory aphrodisiac. My next shot took a lucky bounce and sunk as well.
Now she sat up straight, and flirty Hannah had turned serious, and I sensed where this was heading. She eyeballed me as I crouched over the cue, and Hannah pulled her hem up to her belly button. Tonight her trimmed wedge had become a thin landing strip, and she parted her knees across each side of the bar stool so I could drink it in. It had the opposite effect she was after, because I was determined to take it further with each sunken ball. I pocketed the 9.
Now her hand moved down to the top of her slit, and held there until she knew I was looking. She gently caressed each side of her smooth labia, once down, once up. I stood up straight, and grabbed at my throbbing erection, just to adjust so I could take the shot. But Hannah was overcome, and her middle finger hooked inside her, and she threw her head back, getting the attention of the bargirl.
I reacted quickly, and laughed out loud, shrugging my shoulders and shaking my head at the bar girl like we were sharing a joke. All the while Hannah's finger was moving in and out slowly, and I made my way over to her. Her eyes were closed and her head was nearly resting on her shoulders as she stroked.
"Wait" I whispered in her ear. I took her unoccupied arm, and moved her gently off the stool, but her right hand stayed in position. She was hardly aware of what I was doing, like she was drugged. I guess she was. I pulled her behind me to the nearest exit, out the side of the pool hall.
It was only when we were outside that I realised Hannah had been trying unsuccessfully to take her skirt up and over her head, so her naked ass and pussy were displayed as we walked through the car park. She was making low moaning sounds, and I tried to get her moving as quickly as possible to my car. There was a grassy knoll heading downslope behind the car park, and by the time we got there, Hannah had managed to disrobe and throw her dress on my car.
I let her walk by herself a little way along the grass, and then followed five meters behind. I knew her hand had begun working at her lips as she walked, and her other hand twirled her left nipple. Suddenly, she stopped, turned around and faced me.
Her fingers continued to explore her wetness, and her hand softly rubbed, but her eyes were franticly looking around for something. She seemed scared, but not from the shame of her sexuality on display, she was scared of being alone at this point.
"Hannah, I'm here," I called. "Look at me."
And she found my eyes. That's what she needed. A connection. She sat down gently on the ground still with her intense stare, she spread her legs wide as she sat, and leaned back for me standing before her. Hannah was working furiously with her fingers, penetrating herself deeper and deeper. Her hips bucked looking for the sensation of her digits, seeking it out, and all the while our eyes stayed locked.
I hadn't even noticed that my penis was out and I was working my shaft to her rhythm. Maybe this is what it was to be lost? I tried to focus back on her eyes, and I looked intently, wondering what I was supposed to look for. What did she see in mine?
I saw her pleasure. I saw deep into her insides and the nerve endings that were being flayed by her fingers merciless rhythm. I saw the waves come over her through her eyes, like a drug coursing through her body. The pleasure spread, from her pussy lips, working through her opening, her womb, and into her stomach. She arched in response, and then her chest heaved and she whispered a scream. Another wave came and it permeated her shoulders and head. She threw her head back in ecstasy and tensed from top to toe as her orgasm took control. Her mouth opened wide, and she finally closed her eyes to bathe in her senses.
Then her body went limp and she lay in the grass.
I had no recollection of my own actions, but I had spent my cum. I lay down in the grass next to Hannah and admired the multitudes of stars above us. I snuggled my body closer so our hips touched. There are two sides to Hannah, but all I could think of was our two sides, connected at last.