The story resumes: after much comfort from Cerus, you decide to turn around and let him see your chastity cage.
***************
You say nothing as Cerus resumes his massage. There are no words you can say to express how you feel, and if there were, you would not be able to speak them, so you decide to stay quiet.
He once again begins by massaging your scalp, moving his fingers in circular motions to your temples, making their way to your cheeks. Applying a small pressure and relieving your sinuses, causing you to close your eyes and enjoy the treatment.
He moves to your neck and shoulders, massaging as well as ever! You feel his hands leaving your body and feel them on the soles of your feet, giggleling as he does. He massages your whole foot. Slowly Making his way up your shin, then your knee, and into your thighs.
You feel nervous, for he is massaging right next to your cage, seeing it jiggle with every stroke. You begin to wonder if the jiggling is due to the pressure and movements he is applying to your thighs or if it's your penis reacting to all this movement. All your thoughts fade away as he continues to treat all the soreness you had come in for. Suddenly, he stops.
As he stops and removes his hands from your body and you begin to miss them, the warmth of his hands caresses your body, making you feel warm inside and happy.
That's when you realize all the shaking your cage was doing caused your penis to get hard and strain in its cage. You quickly open your eyes and slightly lift your head off the table to look down to see your cage bulging up into the air, wiggling around. You look around but don't see Cerus until you feel his hands on your forehead, pushing it back down into the table. Feeling weak, as he is able to move you around as he pleases.
With your cage straight up in the air, you are begging to panic and get embarrassed. "What is he going to think, seeing me rock hard in my cage?" You think to yourself. However, you feel his hands beginning to massage your shoulders, making you feel amazing, so you decide to focus on that feeling. His hand starts moving down, slowly massaging your chest. Then it happens: his warm hands rub your nipples, and you feel a jolt of energy all through your body, your cage jumping in reaction.
One time, then a second, then a third, every time making you quiver through your body and at the same time causing your cage to bounce, not realizing that you began leaking a bit of pre-cum with every bounce.
Starting to wonder if Cerus was doing this on purpose, you decide to take a peek and slightly open your eyes as his hands are making their way down to your stomach.
You are astounded by what you see. What is supposed to be a slight peek has your eyes fully open. His left leg is to the left of your head, and his right leg is to the right of your head. Since his hands were making their way to your stomach, you have a full view of his crotch, a few inches away, or what feels like a few centimeters away. By this point, you could tell he was going commando as gravity made the tent from his sweetpants almost touch your face, and you could see the outline of his cock through the fabric. Specifically, you cannot stop looking at the well-outlined head of his cock so close to your face, making you bite your lips. This has a way of preventing you from either moving your face closer and digging directly at his crotch or from using your tongue to outline his cock.
As you are able to break away from your view, you look down, following his body with your sight, seeing his slightly formed six-pack abs and belly button due to the shirt opening from hanging from his body, and his underarm hair, causing you to wonder how he smells.
You decide to be brave and continue moving your eyes down until you get to his gorgeous face. That's when you see his soft, moist lips grinning as he moves one of his hands toward your cage. Rubbing one of his fingers on the tip of your penis and getting it wet with all the pre-cum you have been releasing, he moves his finger in circular motions, picking up the stream of pre-cum you created.
As Cerus does this, he finally says, "Good to see you are enjoying this!" Smiling as the words come out of his mouth, unconsciously and out of nowhere, you reply, "Yes, Sir." Blushing after the words you just said and confused about where they came from, you see him smirk. This was all Cerus needed to hear, and as he moves his pre-cum glazed finger over to your mouth, he says
"Good boy!!! I am sure you know what to do with this." You automatically open your mouth and begin licking and sucking on his finger.
"Good boy!" he says again, as you continue to suck on it. "At the beginning of the session, you had me working extra hard, I guess due to the muscle tension from your embarrassment being caught in this small cage," he says.
"Now, in return, it is going to be my time to relieve some of that tension, right, boy?"
As you are busy pleasuring his finger, all you do is nod and mumble, "Yes, Sir." You don't know where all this submissiveness is coming from, but at this time, all you want is to make him happy and serve him.
He removes his finger from your mouth, only to move his hand back to your cage and begin to shake it at different speeds, causing you to moan in pleasure. As Cerus hears this, he asks you the following: "How long have you been in chastity, boy?" Moaning away, you don't respond. You suddenly feel a moderate strike on your full-bursting balls. His words are making their way to you: "Boy! I asked you a question, and I expect an answer!" Giving another tap to your balls. "How long have you been in chastity?" As you think about how horny the strike made you feel, you answer, "Today is my 84th day in chastity."
He smiles, "WOW, that's a long time! And interesting that you are keeping track of each day," laughing as he said this, "and good, now I know how to make you talk. Is this your longest time in chastity, boy?" Again, a strike to your balls as he finishes the question.
"Yes, Sir. This is the longest I have completed," you answer hesitantly.
"I like that you are already calling me Sir," he says, showing his infectious smile as he says it. "We just met, and you already know your place. Are you self-locking or serving someone?" With another strike to your balls.
Every comment and question he asks is now getting more personal, causing you to feel embarrassed, but at the same time, something within you made you feel delightful and willing to answer whatever he asked.
"I self-lock, Sir. I have not found a keyholder or someone to serve." you answer.
"Wow! Awesome news, boy!" You must have great willpower since you have managed to keep yourself locked all this time," he says, making you feel proud of yourself.
"Wait!! So are you telling me the last time you rubbed one off was more than two months ago?" Striking your balls as he ended the question.
"Yes, Sir. I unlock only for cleaning purposes but relock as soon as I am done."
"Wow!!! Great job, my boy! What a difference! I at the very least have to cum once a day!" He is laughing as he says this. "Have you been able to orgasm?" This time, striking your balls a bit harder than before.
"Yes, Sir. Most of the time I have been able to orgasm from playing with my cage, and about two or three times from stimulating my nipples or my hole." You answer, feeling the need to be detailed but blushing and embarrassed as you give out your response.
"Hmm, interesting. Might need some adjustment." is all you hear.
"Just as I mentioned before, you are not the first caged boy I have seen. So no big deal, I know we are going to have a good time... or at least I am."
He removes his hand from your cage, and you see it reach for the waist of his pants. His hand reached inside and pulled his cock out of his sweatpants. Lowering his pants below his crotch and being surprised by the reveal. You can now see Cerus has a big cock, maybe around 9 inches. Just as you had imagined, a trimmed bush, uncut, veiny, and thick.
You cannot control yourself anymore and have decided to open your mouth. As you are about to stuff his cock in your mouth. You feel a strong sting on your balls as he says, "Boy, I have not granted you permission to suck my cock!"
"Sorry Sir. I could not stop myself; may I please get to suck your cock?"
"Not yet, boy! You can start by getting familiar with my scent." As he says this, lowering his crotch to your face. Without a beat, you begin sniffing his well-trimmed pubic hair. Moving your nose around his cock, taking in deep sniffs as you make your way to his balls, remaining there for a bit, and moving your nose into the space between his legs and crotch. This process is repeated over and over again, memorizing his scent in your mind!
"That's it, boy! Tell me how you are liking this."
"Yes, Sir. I love this! Your smell is phenomenal! It is a pleasure getting to smell your sweat, cock, and balls. Thank you, Sir!" Not knowing how submissive you are and wondering if it is your hornyness talking from being caged for so long,
"All right, boy! Now that you have learned my smell, you may use only your tongue to taste my cock."
His responses make you hornier and hornier, enjoying this new experience you are having. Sticking out your tongue and beginning to lick the tip of his cock, trying to gather any pre-cum being released by the opening in his cock. Trying to get your tongue under his foreskin to get a taste of his gland, you slowly move your tongue up the shaft, letting the veins guide you to the base and down towards his balls. Using all your willpower not to stuff both his balls in your mouth, you move back up towards his shaft and down to his head. Making sure to lick any nook and cranny, not missing a spot, so that Cerus knows how much of a good boy you are.
"Uhh!! Boy!! You are great at this and know you would make a great sub for someone in the future. Now you have earned the right to use your mouth however you like."
It does not take a second after he says this for you to start slobbering all over his cock and balls. Trying to take his full cock, but knowing full well that he is too big for you. You settle for what you can fit inside your mouth. Gaggin from time to time, pausing to take some breaths.
Before today, you had not realized how much of a submissive boy you were. You started calling, Sir, to this person you just met. Now you are in love with his smell and taste and wonder if you are going to be able to get a whiff of his underarm smell as well. Taking his big, fat cock as deep as your throat can, slobbering as you do.
**********
Part 4 will continue.
Thanks to anyone reading my story! What do you think about the way my first story is coming along? Comments or ideas of how it should continue down the road are welcome.