The viewer count creeped upward. A few dozen viewers; her most loyal fans lurking in the stream, waiting for her to start. As the minutes ticked by, she felt what she always did before going live. The thump of her heart, the tingling in her cheeks, and the lead brick in her stomach of her particular form of stage fright. What if she wasn't good enough? What if her fans wanted to move on to another streamer...maybe someone who showed more skin? The minor issues that chewed at her mind until, with a deep breath, she forced them into the background, smiled, and hit the button labeled 'LIVE'.
"Hi guys! It's ya girl, PogDog here. Gonna pause my quest to Diamond League with another unboxing vid!" Katerina said, beaming her thumbnail-perfect smile to the camera. Her voice had the practiced cadence of a consummate professional. Even without a script she could rattle off with ease the safe, accessible way of speaking that lured in the listener, making them feel at home. She was on.
And the little window mirroring her broadcast confirmed it. PogDog was a character, a version of herself who didn't fear the spotlight. She only wished she could translate the casual confidence to the rest of her life. She almost didn't recognise that person with the dark eyeshadow, the eye-catching neon blue wig, and matching azure lips. She wore a tank top branded with her own logo, one that only reached down to her belly button for just that hint of risque. Out of sight of the camera she was in a pair of comfortable, unstylish grey panties and fuzzy socks to keep her feet warm. Like her body was split down the middle between her two identities.
"Now," she continued, making a show of lifting a package into sight of the camera, "I'd like to first thank all the people who sent me a package so far! My fans are they kindest cuties in the whole wide world!" This one was the largest yet, and it thrilled her to know that she had enough fans who were willing to send physical objects to her PO Box. It was a risk; she was a very private person after all. But the first couple times had gone so well!
She peeled off the brown paper wrapping, playing up the mystery for the crowd. The chat was buzzing with guesses, as was Katerina. She shook the wall safe sized box, listening to the rustle and jostle of objects within. With the anticipation at its peak, she retrieved a box cutter, sliced the packing tape, and opened the cardboard flaps.
"Oh wow, holy moly!" she said, pulling out the first few items within. "These look like candies from...Japan!" They featured colourful characters, mostly animals but some cute anthropomorphic fruits of varying levels of whimsy as well. She only read a little Japanese, enough to parse out some phrases and concepts in the subtitles of her favourite anime. She held out each packet in turn, occasionally scanning the chat to see if her fans had a translation ready. "Strawberry Pops" were one. 'Candy Flavour Daggers' was another. She giggled at a third, which apparently featured chips called "Onion Friends".
Fifteen minutes later and she had a small mountain of tasty treats nestled around her desk. Katerina was set for snacks for a month! She was about to state her gratitude once more when her fingers traced the outline of the final object in the box. Strange, she could have sworn that she'd pulled everything out already. She lifted the squat, cylindrical package up to the camera.
"Well this is the strangest candy packet I've ever seen," she said, raising an eyebrow at the slight film of clamminess around the outer surface. The package had been in transit for over a week, but it still felt...moist? Stranger and stranger..."Alright, one more mystery for my Japanese-speaking fans: what the heck is this?"
She held up, then rotated the outer label. The font on the package was much more subdued than the gaudy packaging of the snacks. Almost clinical. Maybe her pals had included as a mistake, she pondered. There was a note at the bottom, typed out in English.
"Please enjoy these treats from your fans overseas! Especially this container of 'Special Attention Massage Cream.' It will make you feel very good," she read aloud, examining the container in her hand. She raised a perfectly tweezed eyebrow. Not what she was expecting, but it likely wouldn't hurt to investigate further. Besides, it was a lot of treats to taste. Trying out the cream ought to fill some time and keep her from having to go through a few of the snacks that looked the least appetising.
She twisted the top off the container, hearing the crack of a seal breaking from within. Lifting the lid, she showed the contents to the camera before looking herself.
"Huh," she said to herself more than anyone. The pink, gelatinous substance was not what she had expected...though she wasn't quite sure she knew what to expect. Katerina poked the gel, letting a dollop of the mystery fluid hang off her finger. It smelled nice, kinda like bubblegum. She squished it in between thumb and forefinger. "Y'all think this is actually a massage cream? Looks like jelly to me."
The 'cream' moved. At first she thought it had just slid down due to gravity, but she watched in horror as the little glob pulsed up and around her finger onto her hand. She tried to flick it off, but it stuck to her skin like glue. Despite this, it continued to slither along her hand, headed up her arm.
"Guys, anyone know what's going on here?" Her streamer voice had lost its usual chirp. Her character slipped, but there were more pressing matters at hand than keeping up the facade. She grabbed a pen from her desk and tried to peel off the goo. The ballpoint slid through the gel, catching a small portion of it. She scraped that portion onto a tissue, but it latched back on, this time to her other hand. Now she had two pink blobs on the march!
The first blobule slipped under her tank top, then the second. Little bumps in the fabric slithered along, tickling her skin, making for her breasts. She smooshed them with her palm, which slowed them down. But they continued their path with clear intent, just taking up more surface area than before, dragging more of their wriggling body along her skin. The two pancakes of strange goo didn't stop until they settled over her nipples, shimmying into position with a flutter.
Her attention snapped back to the camera. The viewers had all seen what had just happened. The thought made her blush. At that exact moment, the goo blobs around her nipples shivered, gently tugging at her nipple tip. Her breath caught at the sudden spike of sensation. What were they doing underneath her shirt? She wanted to examine herself, but the stream was still running. With a hasty grin and a forced laugh she reached for the mouse.
"Sorry gang, gonna have to cut this one short. I'll be back soooo-ah!" Her word melted as soon as her fingers touched the mouse, drowned in the mix of pain and pleasure of her right nipple being yanked hard and twisted ever so slightly. She whimpered, but pressed on, trying for the keyboard to Alt-F4 the stream window closed. Another tug, this time at her left breast. It hurt in ways that made her heart hammer in her ears and her face turn even redder than before. Whatever these things were doing, they weren't going to let her close out the stream.
"Aah...I guess...I guess we can just p-press on for now. Maybe try out some of these candies?" she suggested. The tweaking stopped. She sighed relief. But though the pain ended, a new sensation took hold. It was subtle at first. A gentle touch, a warm feeling underneath her shirt. Her nipples stiffened. Was it...rewarding her?
Her attention returned to the stream, where her viewer count had jumped in the interim minutes that she'd been distracted. The chat was abuzz, the posts scrolling up too fast to read. She'd never seen it this busy! Katerina could only catch isolated words, especially the ones that repeated.
'Slime'
'Crawl'
'Tits'
They'd seen. The camera had caught it all. The realization made her blush even more. This time, the heat of shame turned to a massaging warmth around her breasts. They positively glowed, sending a steady stream of pleasure through her chest. It took an effort to restrain the moan that wanted to slip from her lips. The more she thought about it, the better it felt. The goo's moisture dampened her top, showing off her clearly erect nipples. The chat reacted accordingly, and the viewers only increased. People were sending the links to the friends. They were all coming to see her.
Something was wrong. The thoughts in her head weren't quite right. Like a stranger impersonating her inner voice. The thoughts told her to focus on the viewer count. Think of all that money the site would pay her if she got more. That showing off was fine, that she was beautiful and that everyone wanted to see more. And that it would feel so good if she just kept going.
Katerina nodded to herself. Usually she only got a couple hundred viewers every stream, lower for a bonus ep like an unboxing or a commentary. She was quickly approaching 800 now, and it didn't show any signs of slowing down. The twin slimes on her breasts were rewarding her, sure, but didn't it feel good to be rewarded? To be seen by so many people? She put on her PogDog smile and continued with the stream.
"Now, where we we? Ah, right, the snacks! Let's try this one," she said, reaching for the nearest bag. A sudden spike of pleasure startled her, knocking over the still open jar of massage "cream". It spilled all over her desk and her lap!
The slime wasted no time, slithering across her desk and over her legs. She didn't try to scrap it off this time. She knew it was pointless. And the more she thought about how pointless it is, the more rewarding sensations she felt from the two blobs on her tits. With the warmth and the wetness, it was feeling like two mouths were playing with her nipples. It was impossible to hide her heavy breathing, nor could she ignore a slight dampening between her thighs. If she tried to leave now, everyone would see. All her stream viewers would see the sticky stain that was blossoming in the grey fabric of her underwear. The idea to stand up came and went, dissolving into more touching, more suckling. The slime worked its way along her thighs until it slipped down her waist band towards her panties, where it settled overtop and got to work.
Her eyes shot wide when the first little tendril of goo touched her clit. She squeezed her legs shut, but that would do nothing to stop an entity without solid form. It seemed to take the clench of her thigh as a challenge, squirming in between to further touch and tease her through the slim fabric of her panties.
"Ngh...oops...I seemed to have...oh...spilled..." Her words came out in fits and starts, caught between the three sources of stimulation. A fog of arousal descended over her mind, making clear thinking difficult. Katerina twitched from the unrelenting spikes of sensation. Her legs popped open, and the touching abated to a gentle stroke up and down her pussy lips. Dimly, she wondered if the goo was training her. But what did it stand to gain?
The answer came to her unbidden, placed there for her to find. It was an empathic parasite; it fed off emotions. This one just happened to enjoy a particular flavour of emotion. Shame. Embarrassment. The thrill of being seen in a compromising position. And it liked what it was feeding from her. So much so that it wanted more.
It slipped past her panties, tasting her moisture. She whimpered, twitching and twisting in her seat as the goo toyed with her naked flesh. Thin tendrils quested around her lips and slid tentatively, questing inside her with curious delight. Another stroked her clit, now a throbbing nub of expectant pleasure, teasing her captive form into making more embarrassing noises. The more she made it obvious, the more she squirmed and moaned, the further it would venture. Distantly, she realized what it was trying to do. This was the kind of positive reinforcement you gave to pets to make them perform tricks. Well, not quite this way. But you gave treats to dogs to make them fetch, you rewarded cats with attention when they meowed for it. Now this goo was training her, using carnal delight to script her reactions and show that, by acting like some kind of exhibitionist, she could feel pleasured undreamed of.
With the goo's encouragement and the stream numbers building, her higher functions shorted out. Her fingers searched for her pussy, eager to keep the stimulation going. Rather than fight her like it had when she was trying to remove it, the pink entity yielded to her touch. It allowed her middle and ring fingers to slide in past her panties and up into her hole. She clenched. Had she always been this sensitive? It was impossible to tell. Her sexual memories before this moment were so hazy and indistinct. It was like comparing games played on an old CRT to the glorious blast of colour that was 4K. Everything else paled. She frigged herself further, much to the enjoyment of the fans.
Her pussy drooled freely, the slime slurping up the excess like it was ambrosia. Flustered, she probed further, finger fucking herself, eager to get this hormonal mess over with. Sure she'd had multiple orgasms before, but at some point they had to taper off, right? Either she'd get too sore or the endorphins would run out or...something! Maybe if she fed the slime it would let her rest.
"Mnf...sorry everyone...there's just something wrong with this cream," she began, fingers still fluttering in and out of her slit, "I'm...just dealing with some feelings. I'm...ooh~" The goo vibrated around her clit. It wanted her to talk, to keep saying how she was feeling, so she did. "It feels so good. I'm sorry if this is too explicit for my fans but...ngh..." She raised a shaky hand to the camera, completely soaked with her juices, "It feels so goooooo-ah!~"
She came again. Sharp, quick bursts of vibration teased her clit until she tipped over the edge with a squeal. Her pussy flexed and squeezed down around the tendrils of goo that took the place of her fingers, making it feel like she was milking a dozen thin cocks for all they were worth. The shame of her acts didn't matter, only the mind-blasting pleasure. It took a long time to float down from that high, but to her distress, she was still horny. The teasing tendrils continued their nefarious work, making her whimper. What more could it possibly want?!
"I'm a dumb gamer girl!" she screamed, trying to embarrass herself enough to appease the slime, "I play things on easy mode all the time! I got scared the first time I played Luigi's Mansion that I didn't put the disk back in for a full year! I thought Dark Souls II was the best entry in the franchise oh god what do I have to sayyyy." It didn't relent. She needed to embarrass herself more. Do things that Katerina would never ever do.
She stood, hesitating for a moment before turning around to kneel on her chair. She hooked her fingers around her sopping wet panty bottoms and dragged them down, showing off just what a mess the goo had made. It kept her lips partially agape as it quivered within her, rewarding her act of exhibition with more pleasure, more positive reinforcement.
"H-hello everyone...this is my pussy...I hope you like it," she said, barely able to get the words out. The old PogDog would never do something this lewd! But the goo had taken over! Yes, that was it. It totally wasn't anything else. The idea that she was being led around by her base desires and doing disgraceful things for an audience just for orgasms was totally not true! The slime was forcing her to do these things! So it was okay for her to...
Her fingers returned to her pussy. They could all see what they were about to do. The *ping!* of donations pouring in told her they approved. One finger slid inside herself. Then another. She thrust in and out, gently, lovingly, savouring the complex symphony of pleasures that she received from herself and that teasing slime creature that encouraged every moment of her descent into depravity.
She imagined all the people in their homes, watching. All the horny boys and all the nasty girls and every hottie in between stroking their cocks and fingering their pussies. They were recording this, she knew for certain. Soon there'll be videos all over the net of "game streamer turned slut". More views. More clicks. More people tuning in to see just how far she'd go for attention. She was a viewer slut. A titty streamer. A dirty, perverted gamer girl who all the horny nerds out there were beating their meat to and it felt so good!~
The slime continued to tease, but it took on a sudden intensity. As if a threshold had been passed, like she'd performed her role to completion. The vibrations, merely a tantalizing distraction before, grew to a pace fitting a sex toy. They focused around her clit, ebbing and flowing but not stopping completely. At the same time, their efforts on her nipples redoubled. Like two mouths they suckled and teased and nipped and tongued. She had to grab a hold of the arms of her chair, forgoing her finger fucking to keep from falling over.
"Aaah! Too...too much!" Katerina's voice took on a high register, higher than the fake one she put on for the camera normally. She couldn't control herself. The vibration sped up again, this time unabating. She dug her cum-covered fingers into the armrests as another rough climax overtook her, bent over like a presenting animal with her needy pussy thrust out for the camera to see. She was sure she squirted, but she had no time to check. The buzzing returned.
Again.
And again.
"Ngh...oh god...please...I'm a dirty slut! I admit it! I need c-cocks in me so bad! I love cumming in public! I finger myself on the bus daily! I love the taste of my own squirt! I cum hard from anal play. I have...I have fantasies about my best friend...oh god please..."
The slime was insatiable. No amount of disgraceful acts or admissions would end the pleasure's relentless assault on her sanity. She flipped around, splayed out her legs, and grabbed the nearest thing she could find: her game controller. She thrust the grip in and out, covering it in femcum while chanting "please please please" in a desperate bid to bring this mind melting sensation to an end. But the slime was merciless, bringing her to a seeming unending gauntlet of climaxes.
"I can't," she whispered, "I can't take any...cum...so much...aah..."
Eventually, it was too much to bear. The controller fell from her fingers. She sagged against the supporting cushions of the chair, eyelids fluttering shut. The slime continued to pleasure her, endlessly toying with her clit, but her conscious mind couldn't handle the signals it was receiving anymore. As it rendered her insensate from the pleasure, the last thing she saw out of the corner of her eye was the viewer count piling over into the five-digit mark.
***
It was only a matter of time before she had to switch streaming sites. The old one was "gaming focused" and took issue with her "flagrant pornography" that she continued to stream. But all the viewers she'd gained from her new brand of content allowed her to transfer over seamlessly to a new hosting site. One with a lot less...restrictions.
Hydration was important. Minutes before the top of the hour, she sat in the kitchen, drinking cups of cool water until the suit told her it was time to stream. Outwardly, it barely resembled what it had first appeared as. From the nape of her neck to the tips of her toes, the one-piece pink skinsuit even resembled something you might see in a video game. But this was no mere cosplay. It was her captor, her lover, and her teacher all at once. It vibrated against her erogenous zones to make her obey, knowing full well what the slime entity could do if displeased. She responded unthinkingly. This was a normal part of her day, after all, no different than showering or doing the laundry.
She settled into her chair, padded extra thick with absorbing towels to catch her constant, copious squirt. She splayed her legs so that the second camera could get a good look, and displaced the slime around her tits to expose them fully. Despite her entire body being on display through the translucent pink goo, it was important that her viewers get the best view possible. She shuddered when she saw the red light on the streaming platform flick on, showing that it was recording. The internet would soon see her on all her beauty, in all her bliss. They deserved to see it, and she was determined to please them.
The stream chat was already full. Hundreds of horny followers were waiting on bated breath for her every appearance, spamming popular emotes and lewd suggestions. They shared saved gifs of their favourite moments, her most private moments and admissions turned to easily sharable video clips. The moment she appeared, the donations came flooding in like attention bukkake. She giggled like some ditzy bimbo.
"Hiya! It's ya girl, CummiPuppi, here with more of our trip through Bronze League!" A tiny orgasm shot through her, reward for streaming once again and not questioning her slimy master's instructions. It wriggled and writhed, alive around her and in her, directing her every action with positive reinforcement. "Last stream ended kinda badly, didn't it? I cast my ult in the spawn twice! Let's see if we can't get that score up a little bit, shall we? I know we can do it!"
She knew it would be difficult, even impossible. Every time she died in the game it rewarded her, every time she made a mistake or blew an easy win, the suit made her cum. The shame of being one of the worst streaming players on the internet fed the suit, but the embarrassment of being a completely captive exhibitionist sustained it. Much like any clown or fool, she performed for their amusement. And oh did it feel good to hear their comments. The laughter. She creamed herself into unconsciousness regularly, and every time she woke up it was like another level of pleasure was unlocked.
A simple miss click made her squeal, the suit thrusting its gooey length inside her as reward. There was no hint of separation between CummiPuppi and who Katerina was. No artifice, no deception. Every single thing she felt, she displayed. Every time she came, the audience saw. Every climax she fingered herself through the gooey suit, they recorded and uploaded and shared with their friends. Even in the moments when it all broke down and she abandoned her teammates to masturbate and squirt all over her fingers and keyboard, Katerina was authentic. She wouldn't be a pro gamer again anytime soon, but that was okay. There was always the next stream. And the next. And the next. And the next...