A Literotica reader who sent me feed back on my story 'Camping with Anna' presented me with this challenge.
"I want to see you write a story which is completely fictional. It's more difficult than writing something based on events that actually happened, but you have complete free rein, and can explore your hidden depths and fantasies."
Well I'm always up for a challenge so here goes. This is a fantasy from my hidden depths. I hope you enjoy it.
The story takes up where 'Blackmailed' left off, with Stephanie's mother, Claire, getting involved. If you haven't already done so you may want to read 'Blackmailed' first, but it is not essential.
When you have read it please vote and leave your comments on Literotica. I appreciate you letting me know what you think of my stories, even if you don't like them.
Ingenue
xx
The doorbell rang as I stepped out of the shower. I was naked and dripping wet. Grabbing a towel, I quickly dried myself and slipped on some shorts and a t-shirt.
It was Monday morning and as I walked to the door I noticed by the clock on the microwave that it was nearly eleven. It was my day off so I'd slept late and I wasn't expecting anyone.
The bell rang again, impatiently this time.
Curious, I opened the door and saw Claire, my neighbour who lives across the street.
"Oh shit!" was my immediate reaction on seeing her standing there. Almost instantly this was replaced by a more rational response, sheer panic.
Somehow she must have found out what had happened the previous day. There was no other reason for her to be standing at my front door that morning, or at least there was no other reason that I could think of.
She had never been to my house before and we were hardly close friends. As neighbours we see each other in the street, occasionally stoping to chat, and we wave to each other in passing, but that's about it.
But it didn't make any sense. Something was wrong. If she knew what had happened surely she would be as mad as hell, but instead she looked calm, relaxed and exceedingly beautiful.
Her smile was warm and infectious and her blue eyes sparkled. Her lemon yellow bikini bottoms and contrasting pale blue crop top complemented perfectly her shoulder length blond hair and light golden tan.
"Good Morning Catherine. How are you today?" she said, extending a hand.
I smiled and my hand went out automatically to meet hers. Her grip was warm and firm and I found it pleasantly comforting and reassuring.
Without letting go of my hand she turned her head slightly, glancing over her shoulder towards the sky - as if to make sure she wasn't mistaken - and added, "It's a great day isn't it?"
My mind was spinning. The answers to her questions were simple and obvious. I was feeling great and yes, it was a beautiful day, but somehow I found it impossible to say the words. They just wouldn't come.
All I could think about was what I had done, or perhaps more correctly what I had allowed her nineteen year old daughter, Stephanie to do to me the day before.
Images of the previous afternoon when Stephanie and two of her friends, Nikki and Alice, blackmailed me played like a video in my mind.
There was the revealing photos, the embarrassing video, the swimming pool, my discarded bikini, a bottle of suntan lotion, me naked on the sun lounge by the pool masturbating in front of the three girls, my short, arousing naked walk across the street, followed by that wonderful orgasm.
My mouth was dry and I could feel colour rising in my cheeks. Surely she could see my obvious embarrassment and awkwardness.
I stood there holding Claire's hand telling myself to settle, calm down and deal with it. After all, even if she knew, what could she really do?
It seemed like an eternity, but somehow I eventually managed what I hoped was a relaxed, confident smile that suggested I didn't have a care in the world, and replied hopefully.
"Hi Claire, I'm fine thanks. Yes it is a great morning."
Her expression didn't change but I noticed her eyes drop to my breasts. I glanced down and saw that the water dripping from my hair had soaked my t-shirt and that my nipples were clearly evident through the now semi transparent material.
"Oh s-s-sorry," I stammered, "I'd just got out of the shower when the doorbell rang and I didn't have time...." My voice trailed off, unsure what else to say.
Claire smiled and laughed.
"That's okay Catherine. Look I won't keep you long. Stephanie mentioned that you dropped over yesterday. I'm sorry I wasn't home and I was wondering if you'd like to come over later today. Robert is away on business and Stephanie has gone out with friends. Come for lunch and, if you like, we can have a swim."
It seemed I was safe, at least for the time being, and perhaps all Stephanie had told her mother was that I called over to see her, which, although not actually a lie, was, thankfully, the whole truth.
It was a beautiful summer day and as I didn't have anything else planned for the afternoon I decided to accept her invitation. I really wanted to get to know her better, and I was more than just a little curious to see if she had any suspicions about my visit to her house the day before. I confess that I was also hoping that it might be an opportunity to see Stephanie again.
I didn't need to manufacture the smile this time. I was beginning to feel very comfortable with her and was enjoying the contact between us - she was still holding my hand.
"Thanks Claire, that would be great," I said. "What time would you like me to come over?"
She smiled again as if pleased by my acceptance and consulted her watch.
"How about in an hour? We can have a swim and I'll make a salad."
"That's perfect. I'll just get a bit organised here and be over around midday."
I was a little disappointed when she released my hand and turned to walk away. I stood in the doorway, watching her, admiring her slim figure, long legs and cute, round ass, that was barely contained by her tiny bikini bottoms.
I guessed she was in her late thirties or early forties. She was tall and slim with shoulder length blonde hair and from what I saw under her crop top, quite large, firm breasts.
When she reached her front door she turned, smiled and waved. She knew I'd been watching her and I felt a flush of embarrassment at being caught out.
I waved back, stepped inside and hurriedly closed the door. For the first time I realised that it wasn't embarrassment that was causing me to be a bit hot and flustered, it was excitement - excitement at the prospect of spending the afternoon with my gorgeous, sexy neighbour.
I went to my bedroom, slipped off my shorts and wet t-shirt and looked at myself in the mirror.
"Not too bad," I thought.
I am tall with a slim, boyish figure. My mum thinks I am a bit skinny and is always nagging me to put on some weight - but aren't all mums like that?
I have long dark hair, brown eyes, a warm smile and a great butt. My skin has a light golden hue from many lazy days spent at the beach sunbathing.
As I observed myself in the mirror, my thoughts turned to Claire. I didn't know her very well, even though she moved into the house across the road about a year ago.
From our brief chats when we occasionally saw each other in the street I knew she was some sort of scientist and worked for a pharmaceutical company, but didn't know exactly what she did.
Her husband, Richard, was the CEO of a large multinational company based in Adelaide. He appeared to be a bit older than she is, and at a guess I would say was in his mid-fifties. He was tall and, for his age, appeared to be in good shape. A lot of women would probably consider him to be handsome and quite sexy.
One thing was obvious, and that is that they were rich. Their house was the best in the street, maybe even the best in the neighbourhood. It was a huge, modern two-story, on a large block and as I had found out the day before was beautifully furnished with all the latest and most expensive furniture and appliances. They had a fantastic pool and the garden was landscaped like the ones you see from time to time in the glossy magazines.
Clare's car was my dream car, a black Porsche 911, which she drove fast and with confidence.
Their daughter Stephanie was nineteen. Those for you who have read 'Blackmailed' will know exactly what I mean when I say that I had got to know her quite a bit better only the day before.
The memories what happened at their house the previous afternoon brought a warm rush to my loins, threatening to distract me and make me late getting to Claire's, so I reluctantly pushed my thoughts aside and set about getting ready to go out.
I checked the clock; it was already ten minutes to twelve. I quickly tidied my room and got out a selection of bikinis, laying them out on the bed. After some deliberation I chose my favourite black one, put it on, got a towel, some sunscreen and a hat, and put my keys in my purse.
I checked that the cat had water, that everything was switched off and set the alarm. Satisfied, I stepped out, closed the door, walked a cross the road to Claire's and rang the bell.
As I waited on her porch I was aware of a growing sense of excitement but was having second thoughts about the tiny bikini I had chosen to wear. My breasts are very small but the top barely contained them and I needed to constantly adjust it to keep my nipples covered. The bottom part was simply small g-string. I hadn't bothered to wear anything else over the top of my bathers and suddenly I felt very exposed.
I wondered what Claire would think of me arriving at her house wearing such a skimpy, revealing outfit and briefly considered dashing home to get a top or a wrap when there was a noise at the door. It was too late. The door opened and Claire greeted me with a warm smile, and stepped aside to let me in.
She looked sensational. Her blonde hair was wet and tied back in a ponytail. She had changed her bikini. The yellow one was gone and in its place was a tiny white string bikini, almost as small and revealing as my own. The tiny top barely contained her large, round breasts and the bottoms were so small I could see that, like me, she shaved.
Apart from her wet hair, it was obvious that she had been in the pool because her bathers were wet and her nipples and the outline of her pussy lips were clearly visible through the thin material.
She had a flat stomach, broad shoulders, strong arms and long muscular legs. When she moved it was a combination of the elegance and the grace of a ballet dancer and the power and purpose of a trained athlete.
She closed the door and stepped forward giving me a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek that sent small shivers down my spine.
"Wow, Catherine you look fabulous. I just love your bathers. They're just perfect for you. Anyway welcome and come on in. I've made a salad and we'll eat out by the pool if that's okay with you."
Without waiting for my answer she turned, and with a sense of déjà vu I followed her out the back to the patio by the pool.
When we reached the patio, Claire took my hand and guided me to a lounge by the pool - coincidentally the very same lounge that I had occupied the just afternoon before - and poured me a glass of wine.
I picked up my glass and proposed a toast to "new friends". We clinked glasses and I took a sip. The wine was fantastic. I picked up the bottle and was impressed. It was a 2005 Chardonnay from Margaret River in Western Australia - a vintage that I knew was around sixty dollars a bottle - a lot different to the wines I could afford to drink of a warm summer afternoon, or at any other time in fact.
After the first glass I started to relax. The sun was making me feel sexy. Clare was charming, witty, intelligent and great company. I was having a wonderful time.
We swam, chatted, drank some more wine and ate the salad Claire had prepared, and after a short break, went for another swim.
The water was cool and refreshing, and the pool, like everything else at Claire's house, was awesome. It was large and deep with a small diving board at one end. On one side there was a section that extended out beyond the main body of the pool, forming an area that was long and straight for swimming laps.
I went to the end and pushed off. I struck out and swam eight or ten laps of freestyle as hard as I could, enjoying the exertion and the sensation of the water surging around my body.
As I reached the end I saw Clare sitting on the edge of the pool dangling her feet in the water, watching me with an amused smile.
I smiled and went to the steps, adjusting my bikini top that had slipped exposing almost my entire breast, as I climbed out.
Dripping water across the paved pool surround, I went over to get my towel. As I did, Claire stood up and walked up behind me.
"That top looks most uncomfortable, Honey," she said. "Here, let me help you."
With a quick tug she undid the strings, allowing my top to fall free and exposing my breasts. She put her arms around me, cupping my mounds in her hands, squeezing them gently, then she leaned forward and softly kissed the back of my neck.
I felt her warm sweet breath on my ear as she whispered.
"Oh sweet Catherine, you look so sexy and delicious. I could just eat you."
The suggestion certainly appealed and I shivered with delight as she took my hand and guided me back to sit on the lounge, perching herself on the end by my feet.
The sexual tension between us was electric. I was aroused and was very aware of a pleasant tingling sensation in my loins.
I was unsure how to respond and I needed a distraction so I asked Claire to tell me more about her work.
She settled comfortably at my feet and after a slight pause started to tell me about her job.
"Well Catherine, a lot of it is quite routine. I spend most of my time running tests and doing clinical trials on drugs to ensure they meet the required standards. It's all a bit boring. The really interesting and challenging part is the work I do developing and testing new drugs."
While we were talking she had taken my foot in her hands and was giving me a wonderful massage that was making it almost impossible to concentrate on what she was saying.
I had finished my wine so Claire stood and went over to get another bottle of Chardonnay from a small fridge under the bar. She came back, poured us both another glass and then went back to the fridge to get a jug of iced water.
"I thought you might like some water too." She smiled as she placed the jug and a glass within easy reach on a small table beside the lounge.
I certainly did. It was a hot day. The swimming and the wine had given me quite a thirst. I picked up the jug and a glass and poured some water.
I took a sip allowing the cold refreshing liquid to run down my throat. It was delicious. Raising the glass I drained half the contents.
Claire sat down and resumed her massage, working her thumbs into the sole of my foot sending waves of pleasure through my body. After she had done each foot she moved to my calves working her way up with firm, deep strokes then allowing her fingers to slide softly back down to my ankle. It was wonderful.
I was vaguely aware that she was still talking about her work and telling me that for the past few months she had been working to improve a drug to enhance sexual performance.
"As you know there are several on the market, but the company I work for wanted produce one that is more potent, faster acting and has less side effects."
My ears pricked up as she went on.
"We made some progress but hit a bit of a hurdle in our clinical trials when we found that while the drug we developed stimulates and enhances sexual responses, it also inhibited the person's ability to reach orgasm and ejaculate. In fact, no matter what we did, our subjects just couldn't achieve climax. Can you imagine that?"
Her tone was matter of fact - almost business like - but my imagination was working overtime. The thought of a drug that got you horny but denied any relief sounded fantastic. The very idea combined with Claire's foot massage was having its effect, and my pussy was starting to weep.
She went on, apparently oblivious to my predicament.
"It's a real problem, and unfortunately the company scrapped the program. I was really disappointed because I'd put so much work into it and I knew there had to be a solution. In fact I kept working on it privately in my own time and I think I have found the answer."
She went on to tell me that she had improved the formula of the sexual stimulant and while it still prevented the person achieving climax she had also developed another drug that countered the blocking effect allowing the person orgasm. In theory, a person would take the first drug to stimulate sexual responses and then at the appropriate time take the new drug to allow them to come.
She told me that she had called the new drug 'Oblivion' and went on.
"The problem Catherine, is that at this stage a lot of it is only theory. Because I am doing it privately I don't have access to any patients to run trials and although I know it works, I don't really know how effective it is. In fact, that's one of the reasons I've invited you over."
I was puzzled by her words. The sun, the wine and Clare were all conspiring to make me a bit light headed. I was feeling a little dizzy and was aware of a warm flush spreading through my body.
I tried to speak and my words were a little slurred. Surely I hadn't drunk that much.
"What are you talking about Claire?" I asked a little confused.
"Well Catherine," she said with a grin. "After what Stephanie told me, I thought you would be the ideal person to try out the new version of the drug. That water you just drank was laced with the stimulant. I suspect you will be feeling the effects very soon If you aren't already."
Her voice sounded a little distant and I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"What's that Claire, is this some kind of a joke?"
"Not at all Catherine. From what Stephanie told me about the things the two of you got up to yesterday, I think it is the least you can do for me."
So she did know. I tried to protest. "No Claire, please, that's not fair."
"Yes Catherine," she said with a grin. "Stephanie told me all about it and she showed me a video of you stretched out on this very lounge masturbating. Maybe you would like to see it sometime. It was quite a performance. Now its my turn to have a little fun with you - all in the name of scientific research, of course."
While she was talking Claire had been massaging my leg and had slowly worked her way up from my calf to my thigh. I felt her fingers on the inside of my thigh gradually getting closer and to my sex. Each stroke was closer than the one before until I felt her fingers lightly brush the wet triangle of fabric that was barely covering my aching pussy.
Automatically I parted my legs and raised my hips slightly.
She sat back and smiled.
"I guess the drug is having an effect now Catherine. You are going to love this."
Claire was right. The warm flush I was feeling was emanating from my loins. It was a sensation that I knew very well and I did love it.
Just as she predicted, I could feel my whole body getting warmer. My heart was racing, I was aware of the increasing sensation in my genitals and I could feel my nipples getting hard.
I felt the moisture between my legs and looked down to see the wet patch on my bikini bottoms, slowly spreading and getting bigger as I watched.
My arousal was growing and I was fighting the urge to put my hand between my legs and masturbate right in front of her.
Claire interrupted.
"How do you feel Catherine?"
I looked up, straight into Claire's eyes. She knew exactly how I was feeling.
"Getting a little horny are we, darling?" she asked with a laugh.
"I know you want to play with yourself. Soon you won't be able to resist, but you'll find that no matter what you do you won't be able to come unless I let you have this."
She held up a small bottle of pale blue liquid. I knew it was the release drug she had mentioned. The drug that would let me come - the Oblivion.
She carefully put the bottle on the table, just out of reach, but tantalisingly close.
"If you are very, very nice to me I may let you have it in an hour or so. You might be able to last that long, but I doubt it."
I was afraid she would be right. The sensation continued to build. It was unlike anything I had experienced before. My labia were swollen and fully engorged with blood, my clit was throbbing and deep inside my cunt was a burning hunger begging to be filled.
"What have you done to me Claire?" I pleaded.
I was squeezing my legs together, trying to relieve the overwhelming desire. I consciously checked my hand, knowing that it was trying to find its way between my legs to my cunt.
The thought of enduring this torture for another hour was too much.
"Go on Catherine. I know you want to do it. Go on. Give in. It's no use trying to hold out," she said with a laugh.
She was right. My need was overwhelming. It seemed that my whole body was alive with the sensations that started in my throbbing cunt. My nipples were aching to be sucked and my head was spinning.
Without me consciously realising it my hand had found its way down the front of my bikini and I was rubbing my clit as I tried desperately to bring relief from the burning need.
I needed an orgasm. I knew it was the only thing that could quell the fire burning inside me but no matter how hard or fast I frigged myself I couldn't get over the hump. It was if something was blocking it, letting me get right to the edge but no further.
I eyed the small bottle of Oblivion sitting on the table.
Claire smiled and took my hand.
"Poor, dear Catherine," she laughed. "You look so horny. I'd love to help you out but you need to be left alone to enjoy this for a little while."
She pressed a piece of paper into my hand.
"Go on home now. This is my mobile number. When you get so you can't take it any more, just give me a call and I'll bring over the Oblivion."
I was angry, confused and embarrassed, but most of all I was horny - so incredibly horny. I rushed out of the house, across the road, fumbled trying to get my key in the front door, and dropped it on the ground.
My pussy was weeping. I could feel my juices running down my leg making the insides of my thighs sticky. My cunt was on fire, demanding my full attention.
As I fumbled around trying to pick up my keys I realised I was still topless and the realisation added to my arousal.
Eventually I picked up my key, managed somehow to fit it in the lock and opened the door.
I went inside, closed the door behind me and tore off my bikini bottoms.
I collapsed against the wall with my hand between my legs. I was drenched; my juices were literally pouring out of my aching cunt. I slumped to the floor and spread my legs. I could see my labia. The lips were red, inflamed and wet. My clit was erect and standing like a small penis, pink, hard and throbbing.
My fingers went straight to my clit. I frigged it furiously, desperately trying to bring myself to orgasm but no matter how hard I tried, there seemed to be no way I could push over the enormous precipice into the depths of the massive orgasm I so desperately needed.
I fucked myself like never before.
Wild, erotic visions filled my head. I imagined myself masturbating in a room full of elegant, well-dressed women who were all urging me on. I was a whore performing for their pleasure - for my pleasure.
I wanted them to see me, legs spread, my shaved, wet cunt open and exposed. I was willing them to touch me, to enter me, probe my depths with their fingers.
In my fantasy Stephanie was there kneeling next to me, her hand under her skirt, masturbating.
Nikki and Alice appeared. They were naked, their young bodies glistening with sweat and flushed with excitement. Nikki had had a massive black dildo in her hand. She moved between my legs and while Alice held my pussy lips open, she buried the big black cock deep inside me.
I saw another figure. It was Claire. She straddled me, knelt and squatted above my face, lowering her sweet, bald pussy to my waiting mouth allowing - no she was forcing - me to lick her juices.
Claire leaned over and kissed Stephanie on the lips - a long wet passionate kiss.
Stephanie responded returning her mother's kiss and reached over to cup her breast, taking a nipple between a finger and thumb and pulled gently.
Claire broke their kiss, gasping with delight as her daughter teased her nipple to a hard point then, looking down at me smiled and turned back to Stephanie.
"She's ours, darling. She is our slut now."
She was talking about me. I was their slut and that is just what I wanted.
My fantasy was so vivid I could have sworn it was real and actually happening, and it was working - I was going to come. Clare was wrong. I didn't need her damn drugs. I didn't need her Oblivion to achieve oblivion of my own. I could do it. The visions in my head pushed me closer. I was nearly there. Fuck yes. I was going to come.
But as I was ready to surrender to the blissful release, it was gone. My fantasy lovers disappeared and I teetered, still on the edge.
It was no good. No matter what I did I just couldn't come. Fuck, what had Claire done to me?
I got up and staggered to my room and opened my drawer. I grabbed my favourite vibrator.
"Maybe having something inside me would do it," I thought.
I collapsed onto my bed and spread my legs. I was past caring about elegance and subtlety. I needed to be fucked. I needed to come. Fuck, I needed it so badly.
I brought the tip of the vibrator to my waiting cunt. As the tip touched my pussy lips my hips thrust forward as if I was trying to devour it. I had to have it inside me.
A little pressure and the vibrator slipped in effortlessly. I felt it slide up inside me, filling me completely, giving that wonderful feeling of having my cunt stuffed full.
I pulled it out until just the tip was nestled between the folds of my swollen lips, then rammed it in all the way, then out again and back in - over and over. I was fucking my cunt furiously and my other hand joined in, rubbing my clit, both combining forces to bring me the climax I needed so desperately.
I could feel it building up deep inside me again. Oh shit, yes, this would do it. I could feel my orgasm starting. My cunt was on fire, my clit was throbbing and my nipples ached as I approached release.
I was nearly there. So very close. Just a little bit more would do it. Just a little bit. Oh fuck, yes, almost. Fucking yes. I could feel it. I was right on the edge.
But on the edge I stayed. I knew I needed Claire's Oblivion. I was beaten.
Tears of frustration welled in my eyes.
"Fuck you Claire! Fuck you! You bitch!" I screamed at the empty room. I was exhausted, bathed in sweat, soaked in the juices from my aching pussy.
Defeated I pick up the phone and dialled the number Claire had given me. The phone rang. Once - I was willing her to pick up. A second ring, a click and Claire's voice.
"Hi Catherine, how's it going?" Her voice was pleasant, almost chatty.
I could only moan in response. I was way beyond intelligible conversation.
"Oh, I know exactly how you feel. Horny, frustrated and desperately in need of an orgasm." It wasn't a question.
I replied with a muffled "yes", my ragged breathing making it almost impossible to get out more than a single word.
"I understand honey," was Claire's reply. "You need Oblivion and you need it now."
"Please Claire, I can't take any more," I begged. "Please help me!"
"But Catherine, you've done so well. I'm amazed it's been two hours. I didn't give you a chance of lasting half that long. I'm so proud of you."
I didn't need her praise. I needed to come, so I begged her again.
"Please Claire! Oblivion, please! I need it! Please!"
She uttered the words I needed to hear. "Hang on Honey, I'll be right over."
I pressed the button to end the call and dropped the phone.
My cunt was still demanding my whole attention and my fingers were still trying to sate the desire deep inside, but it was no use.
The doorbell rang. Without thinking, I ran to the door and opened it. I was naked and there was Claire smiling, holding a small bottle in her hand.
"Oh, Catherine you poor thing! Look at you! You look exhausted. Is this what you need?" She held up the small bottle of Oblivion, showing me my salvation.
I looked at the bottle longingly, like an addict looking at their next fix. Maybe that's what I was - a junkie - addicted to sex, needing an orgasm, desperate to feel the rush just as surely as an addict needs to feel the rush as the needle goes in and the warmth spreads through their veins, throughout their whole body, bringing their own personal oblivion. The thought scared me but only for a fleeting instant - like a junkie my need was overwhelming.
"Please Claire," I begged.
"Not quite so fast Catherine. Before I give it to you must agree to two simple requests."
I was standing at my front door, naked, begging. I felt humiliated. I knew I would do anything Claire asked and she knew it too. She was in charge and I would do anything she wanted.
"Yes Claire. Please. Anything." I just wanted the bottle.
I was reaching out, trying to take it from her but she backed away, holding it just out of my reach. I followed her as if drawn by an invisible force out onto the front porch. Neighbours would be able to see me now and I was in full view of anyone driving past. I didn't care. I was too late for that.
"Well it's quite simple really. First I am going to take you shopping next Saturday to buy some new clothes and then you are going to come to dinner with Richard and a few of our friends that evening."
How could I refuse? At this stage I would have done anything she asked, but a simple shopping trip and dinner were easy. I nodded.
"Sure, Claire. Now can I have it please."
With a smile Claire handed me the bottle.
"I won't stay, Catherine. I'd like to watch but you will probably want some privacy for this."
She turned and walked away, looking back as she called her final words.
"Don't forget shopping and dinner next week. Call me and let me know how you get on with the Oblivion."
I pushed the door closed, undid the screw cap on the bottle, and with shaking hands raised it to my lips, draining the contents in one gulp.
I dropped the empty bottle on the floor and headed to my bedroom, intent on bringing this exquisite torture to an end.
I had only taken three of four steps when I felt it. My hand went to my cunt, and as my fingers touched my clitoris I collapsed back against the wall as wave after wave of pleasure hit me.
My orgasm was shattering. It literally hit me like a solid force, more powerful than anything I had ever experienced and far more intense than anything I could possibly have ever imagined.
I sank to the floor with my hand jammed between my legs. I had two fingers thrust deep in my cunt, the walls of my vagina squeezing them like a vice, the pain adding to my pleasure. My juices flowed, running down my legs forming a puddle on the floor where I was sitting.
The orgasm continued unabated, it seemed, for several minutes. My heart was pounding; my head was spinning and I struggled for breath, afraid that I was going to die from sheer ecstasy.
The last thing I remember was an overwhelming feeling of satisfaction and relief. Then I must have passed out.
The next thing I knew I was woken up by the sound of a car door closing.
I dragged myself to my feet and went to the window. It was my housemate, Sara, coming home from university.
As she put her key in the lock I ran to my room, closed the door and collapsed on my bed. I was sore, exhausted and completely satisfied.
"Hi Catherine, I'm home!" Sara was bright and as cheerful as ever.