This is the second part of my first story. English is not my native tongue, so please be gentle with me, but also, leave a comment and rating. The story and characters are fictional; Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
I was awakened by the sound of Marie starting the shower. Still in a bit of a haze, I chose to remain still, naked, on damp towels. What happened last night? What had happened to my usually so 'normal' Marie? And me, what had come over me? Usually reserved and in control, something animalistic had come over me last night. What about that plan Maria had sat in motion to help Sarah get a child of her own?
So many questions, so few answers. I recalled the events by the pool, the ladies swimming in their bikinis, my friend stepping away, the sly comments, the flashing. I also recalled what happened afterwards. Samuel groping Sarah in front of us, me and Marie taking initiative in the shower, and the revelation that she and Sarah had manipulated Samuel, and then convinced me to help them impregnate Sarah. The intensity of our lovemaking last night, Marie had awakened something... something feral in me.
Marie came out of the shower, and started to dry her brown hair. It was the day before the wedding and I had agreed to Marie's and Sarah's plan. What was now to come? Marie came out without makeup on, still beautiful, but with frizzled hair. She looked at me, lovingly, clean and smelling of lavender shower gel, her favorite. She was almost naked, with just some 'hipster' panties on. She returned to the bathroom to finish getting ready after just blowing me a kiss when she saw I was awake.
I got up, took a piss first and foremost, then got in the shower to wash away the smell of sex that I was reeking of. I saw Marie through the glass door of the shower, standing in front of the mirror, rubbing some of her creams on herself and then some others in her hair.
I got out of the shower, joined her in front of the mirror, giving her a gentle kiss on her left shoulder, then her cheek, then on the mouth. I brushed my teeth and put on some deodorant, leaving my stubble for tomorrow, better clean shaving on the day of the wedding than before, I decided. I liked having a beard, but for formal occasions, I always shaved. And my best friend's wedding was, indeed, formal.
Especially as I was the best man, as well.
Before last night, Maria and I had planned to hike up a mountain nearby, and for me to finish my speech, which I was still working on. I decided to start talking.
"Good morning, beautiful,"I said to Marie.
She did not answer right away, instead, focusing on her mascara.
"So, last night... last night was a thing. I didn't know we had that in us,"I continued.
She glanced over at me."Yeah, I surprised myself, too,"she said, as she put away her makeup.
"So... now what? Is today still on, or has something changed?"I asked, unsure what to make of the previous day's events.
"Yeah, we just have to make sure everything is finished for tomorrow before we head out."Marie turned to face me.
So we both made some calls to friends and family; then to Sarah and Samuel to say that the guests were on their way, and that nothing was amiss with the food, the ceremony, and everything else that goes into helping planning a wedding. By eleven, we were done, everything was in order. So Marie and I set off, still in silence, to the mountain we had planned to hike up.
To my surprise, I saw that Sarah was waiting in the parking lot to the trail. She looked stunning, her face lighting up in a smile as she saw us. She walked up to us, and leaned in Marie's window.
"Hey there, sleep well?"she asked, and winked as she leaned through the window to give Marie a light kiss on her cheek.
"Like the dead,"I answered.
Sarah laughed and fixed me with her ice blue eyes."Yeah, I bet, after last night..."
Had she heard us? Did she know I had agreed to their plan?
She saw that my mind raced and continued, still having me fixed in the icy depth of her eyes.
"Yeah, good thing we were alone in the mansion last night; we heard the last hurrah of you both! It sounded like you gave her what she needed, and then some."
She gave me a wink that almost made me melt.
Marie laughed at the comment, and drew Sarah's gaze away from me to her.
"Yeah, fair to say we had a 'thing' last night, or what do you say, dear?"
Marie turned to me, to see how I would react.
I grew a shade redder and blushed, to my surprise.
"Yeah,"was all I could get out.
I made to get out of the rented car, and Marie did the same.
We got out and I walked around the back of the car to get our backpacks, and as I did, Sarah came around, too, and gave me a lingering hug, as Marie looked on.
Still a bit nervous, I asked the two gorgeous creatures if we should get going. They both agreed. I set off on the trail, it was a seven-mile hike up and the same back. So I set quite a quick pace to make sure we made it up and back in good time.
We made our first stop at a lookout, close to halfway to the top. I set down my backpack and placed myself on a cut log that acted as a bench. The view was stunning; it was a mixed day, it had rained last night so the ground let out the moisture as the sun rose, making a light fog that dissipated as it ascended the mountain.
Sarah got to me first, Marie close behind; both with sweat on their brows, but a smile from both greeted me.
"Good lord, are you trying to run away from us, dear?"Marie asked, as she sat down next to me and reached for her water bottle.
"Maybe he doesn't know how to approach this situation?"said Sarah, as she sat down on the other side of me.
Two of the most beautiful women I had ever met on either side of me, I could not disagree with Sarah's statement.
"I'm sorry. My mind was elsewhere, and Sarah has a point. I guess the two of you have gossiped on the way up?"I asked the two of them.
Sarah and Maria locked eyes, a green warmth met a blue intensity.
"Perhaps... what of it?"asked Marie, placing her hand on my leg, with Sarah following suit.
(Gods, what had I done to end up here? Had I saved a dozen puppies in my past life or something.)
"I just figured you two like to talk and share most everything with each other. Perhaps you could share some insight, on how we go from here. I don't want to hurt my best friend in the world. How do we-"
Sarah interrupted me with a kiss; the both of them had moved their hand up my leg to rest on my groin.
"Shush, focus on this,"said Sarah, and then she kissed me again.
Marie had moved from the log to kneel in front of us. She started to unbuckle my pants and Sarah reached down inside them and grabbed a hold of me. I grew. I was semi-hard from the first kiss, but then, it was like a switch turned on, I was again as hard as I had been last night.
Marie pulled down my pants so Sarah could see all of me. I could have sworn I had grown half an inch, so hard was I, when Sarah lowered herself on my penis. Gently, she sucked on the tip, and started to lick around the shaft. Marie had gotten back on the log and cupped my balls; soon, she followed Sarah's lead and they kissed over my cock. Both mouths on either side of my penis, their tongues dancing over the tip to meet each other.
The girls rose up from my cock, and kissed deeply right in front of me, their hands still on me. As they kissed, my Marie let out a moan again, the same feral moan as the night before.
Sarah started to giggle and pulled back from the kiss.
"That's a sound we missed last night, but I get it now, how you made him make those others we heard."
Marie blushed and answered,
"I guess, but you should hear him when he gets going."Marie got up and pulled a blanket from her backpack, and laid it out on the ground in front of the log.
Sarah went back to kissing me; I could still taste both myself and Marie on her. Marie had started getting completely naked, and got on the blanket.
Sarah pushed me off the log towards the naked Marie.
"Take care of him while I do the same,"she said, and started getting naked as well.
Marie took both my hands in hers, and guided me to the middle of the blanket. She got down on her knees and started sucking me off. Slowly, then more deeply, and then she spat on the tip, something new again. Suddenly, she stopped, and said to me,
"Well, you get naked, too; we both are naked, you should be as well."
I turned around and saw Sarah, completely naked. She had let out her hair, which flowed down over toned, pale, sun-kissed skin; the shape of her was divine, her hair almost covering her breasts, but the hard nipples poked through. She had shaven her pussy, but not all the way, a strip of trimmed blonde hair was left over her pussy. It was as if Aphrodite, herself, had come down to Earth and was standing in front of me and Marie. Speechless, I froze, taking in this moment to make sure it would always stay with me.
Marie got up beside me, and stared, too. She broke the silence.
"Wow, Sarah, I knew you were good looking, but here, you look like something divine."
Sarah blushed and moved onto the blanket.
"Well, I try to keep in shape,"she said, modestly.
I was still frozen. The girls turned to me and Marie rolled her eyes. She reached down and pulled out a hair from my scrotum that I had missed when grooming myself.
"AAAH! What the hell, Marie!"I asked, almost yelling.
"Well, you were staring and that's impolite, plus we wouldn't want things to get too dreamy."She smiled, and started pulling off my t-shirt.
I got back to reality and kicked off my shoes.
"You are bigger than Samuel,"Sarah said, looking me up and down.
"A touch shorter, but that length is in other places."She looked at my erect penis, and I got a smile from her.
I took off my pants from my ankles, where the girls had pulled them down to. With that done, the three of us were completely naked on the side of a mountain.
Sarah walked over to me and placed a hand on my arm.
"Wow, you really are built like an old-school lumberjack. Haha, how have you not been cast on Vikings yet?"she added, as she moved her hand from my arm over my shoulder down my chest, to my stomach. I had no visible abs, but a rock-hard gut from years of wrestling and weighted sit-ups at the gym.
Marie leaned over and kissed me, then got down again on the blanket. She patted the blanket as if to say, 'join me' and me and Sarah lay down, as well.
Marie moved down, and again started sucking on my penis, as Sarah got on top of me, placing her pussy right on my mouth, her hands reaching down to grab my bronze-colored hair. I started eating her out, licking, kissing, sucking, everything I knew how to do; not long after, her hips started shaking and I could see close up that she had an intense orgasm from being eaten out. Sarah let out a moan, as she climaxed.
Marie looked up from my penis, to suddenly being behind Sarah, grasping both of her breasts, as she started kissing her neck. Sarah climaxed again in no time, and again and again. After the fourth orgasm, she rolled over on the blanket, almost to where she fell off it and onto the dirt.
Marie grabbed her, stopping her roll, and said laughingly,
"Look who's running away now."
Sarah rolled back and their eyes met.
"This is a start,"Marie said, and kissed her on the mouth. She then pulled Sarah back and then patted me on the leg, saying,
"Show her the move you made on me last night, the one she heard through the walls."
I needed no more motivation, that animal inside had again woken up. I grabbed Sarah and, without effort, lifted her to the middle of the blanket, where I placed her in front of me, and laid her legs on my shoulders. Just as I was about to enter her, I felt Marie's hands, guiding me in.
She had gotten up to the side of me, and reached down to feel the tip of my penis as it pushed past Sarah pussy lips. I slowly pushed myself all the way in. Sarah moaned and, just like Marie had in the shower, she started to shake and then she came. Her pussy tightened around my my penis; I could feel her pelvis muscles gripping me, it was divine.
When she stopped climaxing, that animalistic instinct kicked back in and I started moving slowly, then more and more intensely, almost as if something more primitive and ancient had taken over. In a trance, I kept going for almost ten minutes. Then I, again, felt Marie on me, licking my ear, and whispering so softly, as if the thought had come from inside my own head.
"Fill her up, impregnate her; your best friend's future wife."
That was all it took for me to lose myself in Sarah
I pushed myself as deeply as I could, and then I came. I came and I came, it felt as if a bit of myself was trying to get out through my penis into her. That was the intensity of which I blew my cum into Sarah.
It took almost a minute for me to come back and pull out of her. I sat back and looked at my work. Sarah lay there, panting like an animal, cum flowing, not dripping, out from her.
Marie pushed me to the side of the blanket and lay down, then placed her mouth on Sarah's still pulsating pussy, and started to lick and suck up every drop of cum that flowed out of her. Sarah again climaxed.
Marie kept going until, I heard a sound from further down the trail. I told them to get dressed quickly and luckily, we had just gotten our backpacks back on as two middle-aged couples walked by.
Saying 'hey' in Norwegian. I saw one of the wives smell the air as she walked past, and she leaned into her walking partner. They both looked back at us, but kept walking, then busted out laughing. She then stopped, and said in broken English, while the other wife looked back at her,
"I hope the trail isn't as exhausting as you three made it look..."Then, without waiting for a response, she picked up the pace to catch up with her group.
Me, Sarah and Marie looked at each other, flabbergasted. We then started laughing. We looked like we had just finished an ironman contest. Well me and Sarah did at least; Marie had her lipstick smeared and her mascara was running. I was so covered in sweat, I saw it dripping from my finger down onto the dirt.
The area where the blanket had been had become a flat spot, and in the middle, there was almost a groove where my two legs had been and where Sarah's back had been pressed into the ground.
"Well, the lady is not wrong,"said Marie, as she started walking back down towards the parking lot. Me and Sarah followed behind her, on much more wobbly legs than her, trying to keep up, but with no such luck.
Marie waited by our rental car, and as me and Sarah came lumbering out from the wooded trail, she said,
"That was a whole lot of fun. Let's head back and clean up. Sarah, are you okay to drive?"
Sarah just looked at her, exhausted, ice blue and still warm green meeting again, and to her credit, she shook her head.
"Haha, I told you he gets worked up good and plenty, once you get him going." Giving me a deep kiss that promised more to come, she then walked over to Sarah.
"Well then, how about you give me your keys and I'll drive you back to the hotel, and I can shower you off before you see Samuel." She turned back to me and said,
"Well 'Adonis', take it slow and get back to the hotel. We'll meet you by the pool once you have a shower."
The two ladies got in Sarah's rental, and sped away towards the hotel. I had to sit myself down on a concrete divider in the parking lot, just to gather myself as to what just had happened. I sat for five to ten minutes, then headed back. As I got up to head back, an image lodged itself in my mind. I drove back to the hotel, thinking of the look Marie had given me when she kissed me...
The look was promising, more is to come.
End of Part 2.
_______________