"It's time to introduce this week's dare for our intrepid reporter Lisa Marvell. It comes from Bob in Greenville, who describes himself as a long-time Channel 4 viewer and says he has never missed a Friday Night Special." As anchorwoman Natalie Johnson spoke these words, she glanced across the news desk and addressed her colleague with a smile. "I think, Lisa, that Bob is trying to get you into a little trouble."
"Oh, sounds intriguing, Natalie," the blonde reporter responded, retaining her composure and looking straight at the camera. She had been ready to launch into a segment on the box-office performance of the newest movies and seemed caught off-guard by her colleague's remarks. "You know how much I appreciate our loyal audience, so I'm eager to see if I can do whatever you and Bob have in mind. What exactly is the dare?"
"Well Lisa, we've had so many good ideas that I wish we could spend every night on your special reports," the broadcaster continued.
"I bet you do," Lisa thought to herself, trying to keep the smirk off of her face.
"But I chose Bob's suggestion because I bet he's expressing the feelings of most of her viewing audience. He says that when you join me to co-anchor the 11:00 news this Friday night, he'd like to see as much of you as possible."
Lisa seemed pleased. "It's very sweet of him to suggest that I spend more time in front of the camera."
"Oh, yes, more time," Natalie said, somewhat amused. "But that's not exactly what he means when he says he'd like to see more of you during the broadcast," she said, emphasizing the word "more." "He's daring you to be naked for the entire half hour."
Lisa's eyes widened as she stared into the camera and replied, "Well, that's quite a challenge, especially given our censors. But I'll do my best."
"I'm sure you will, Lisa," her colleague replied. And with that, Lisa launched into her report on the box-office figures.
****
For someone randomly switching to Channel 4, that exchange between the two reporters on a local newscast might have seemed shocking. But for the growing number of people who were faithfully watching the late night broadcast, Natalie's statement was exactly what they had tuned in to hear. The viewing audience knew that Lisa would be asked to perform some sort of daring activity that would be aired on the Friday Night Special broadcast. And it was almost certain that whatever the dare was, it would result in Lisa appearing on camera without her clothes.
Initially the attractive blonde newscaster had undertaken a series of reports on women who "dare to bare," segments that were made especially memorable by Lisa's willingness to join the women in their naked activities. Pushing the limits of commercial TV through cleverly controlled editing of the segments, she managed to show increasing amounts of skin as she wore revealing outfits, served as an art-school model, visited a nudist resort, and participated in a racy photo session. Ratings went through the roof, but hosting the twice nightly newscasts on Channel 4 and delivering the weekly special reports exhausted Lisa.
After a well-deserved leave of absence, the daring reporter returned to find that Natalie Johnson, the former weather girl and occasional participant in some of the segments, was now the lead anchor. Lisa's role now focused largely on performing the dares as well as co-hosting the Friday Night Specials. And although those dares were suggested by the viewers, the final selection was made by Natalie. In fact, at Lisa's instance, she would do a dare only if Natalie had chosen it. And for her part, the dark-haired anchor seemed only too willing to ensure that Lisa continued to appear on camera in embarrassing and frequently nude situations. Underlying this all, and unknown to their colleagues at the station, the two women continued a romantic relationship that had begun only a few months earlier.
The first week's dare had come about naturally - the studio was preparing an advertising campaign around Lisa's return to the late night news, and a suggestion from a viewer to have the blonde reporter appear naked at the news desk was a logical choice. But now, with hundreds of emails coming in from viewers, anything might happen - and with Natalie making the selection, it probably would!
This week's dare - that she co-anchor the entire Friday late night broadcast in the buff - had already been presented to Lisa and discussed with Bill Reinhart, Channel 4's news producer, before it was announced to viewers. Bill reminded Natalie and Lisa that while anyone could be shown naked from behind, Standards and Practice was still adamant that frontal nudity was not allowed. Lisa had never resorted to any sort of blurring or pixilation in her reports, feeling that it was more honest to simply control what the audience saw by the angles of the various shots and the careful editing of the raw footage. But it seemed impossible to have her co-anchor an entire broadcast with nothing on.
It was Natalie who had come up with the solution and, as Lisa pointed out, one with a particularly naughty twist. "Why not," the young anchorwoman proposed, "have me in the studio and Lisa co-anchor from a remote location?"
"Oh, and where would that be?" her blonde colleague asked.
"The pool that's just been opened at the college," Natalie replied. "Last week Sue Thomson did a feature on their new athletic facilities and we were able to have her report live from there."
"Of course," Bill said enthusiastically. "If you get in the pool, Lisa, and keep the water up to your shoulders, the movement of the water will blur things enough that we'll be able to get it by the censors. That's perfect."
Lisa seemed deep in thought, and after a half minute, she broke into a smile. "I seem to recall that when Sue did that piece on the dedication last week, you had her wearing a bikini."
"That's right," Bill replied. "It was a great piece, and the audience reaction was very positive."
"So let's have her repeat that report this Friday, and I'll persuade her to join me in the pool," Lisa said with a mischievous look, "and get her to wear that bikini again."
"Not a bad idea," Natalie added, nodding her head. "And Bill, you know Don Allen, the guy who in charge of the new sports facility over there, right?"
"I do," Bill answered. "In fact, Don was the one who gave us permission to shoot Sue's segment."
"Excellent," she responded, her eyes lighting up. "He could help us with this and maybe arrange for one other thing as well," she continued with a grin.
"Oh, and what exactly might that be, Miss Johnson?" Lisa asked.
"Let's see if Don can call a special late night practice for the college swim team that evening. I'd hate to think of you and Sue all alone in that big pool, and it would be nice to have an audience for our newscast."
"I think you mean it would be nice to have me naked in front of a group of strangers," Lisa replied as a thrilling feeling surged through her body.
Natalie just continued to smile and softly purred, "Uh huh."
Bill kept looking back and forth between the two reporters, trying to make sense of the interaction. Finally, he blurted out, "Look, I have no idea what's going on with the two of you. But the plan sounds great and I'm sure I can count on Don's help to make this happen. So, if you're okay with it, I say let's go with this for Friday night."
"Well," Lisa said with just a hint of sarcasm in her voice. "As I understand the rules here, Natalie gets to pick the dares whether I like it or not." She paused and looked over at Natalie, reflecting on how her friend continued to find ways to test her limits. "So, I think we're all set for this week. I'll approach Sue and I'll let you," she said looking at Bill, "arrange with the college for the use of their facilities."
"And I'll alert the writers," Natalie chimed in, "so they can come up with ways to switch between the two of us every four or five minutes. And of course," she added, "we'll be sure to block out plenty of time for your segment with Sue."
So, what appeared to be a spontaneous exchange on air between the two women had actually been worked out hours before, with most of the plans already in place. Bill had confirmed that they could shoot at the pool and that the swim team would be told there was a mandatory practice late-night practice that Friday. Meanwhile, Lisa had alerted Sue that she'd be ask to repeat her segment on the opening of the new facility; now, all she had to do was figure out some way to persuade Sue to get in the spirit of the Friday Night Special reports. She had just three days, but she already had a pretty good idea of what she wanted to do.
*****
The following day, Lisa Marvell made a point to be at the studio when the 6:00 newscast aired even though she wasn't appearing on camera. Instead, she waited in her office, watching the broadcast and waiting to see Sue's piece on a consumer fraud issue. As soon as that segment finished, the blonde reporter stepped out of her office and stood at the end of the corridor that led to the set used for the newscast. "Sue?" she asked, trying to discern the figure coming toward her.
"Lisa?" she said, approaching her and greeting her with a hug. "I just finished my segment and was getting ready to head home. You know, I barely got to say anything to you last week with everyone around." She paused, blushing slightly as she recalled how they had all participated in a video shoot that featured a naked Lisa surrounded by the fully dressed news team. "It's great to see you. And you look fantastic."
"Well," Lisa said with a good-natured chuckle, "I think everyone had a chance to see just how I look."
Sue blushed even more as she shared the laugh. "That wasn't exactly what I meant, but what you did for that promotional piece was pretty amazing. And it definitely seems that the time off agreed with you."
"Just what the doctor ordered," Lisa replied, genuinely pleased to see her fellow reporter's reaction. "And look at you," she continued, taking a step back and instinctively checking out the appearance of her friend. "Looks like you've been working out," she added diplomatically.
"You mean I'm back on my diet," Sue laughed. "I am, and sticking to it. I've lost fifteen pounds, thanks to you."
"To me?" Lisa asked, a puzzled look on her face.
"Yes, you! As soon as you took off, Bill wanted to find ways to liven up the broadcast in order to keep the viewers. I got a whole new wardrobe, and most of the tops had some sort of plunging neckline. I wonder why?" she smiled, putting her hands under her 36C breasts and pushing them up. "Then we brought on a couple of new people, and suddenly the skirts got tighter," she added with a note of amusement. "So I decided to get serious about my weight."
"Well, you look amazing."
"Not bad for a 39-year old mother of two, eh?" Sue said, pirouetting in front of Lisa. "Good thing, too. Last month we all appeared in shorts and Hawaiian shirts for a segment on summer vacations. And last week Bill has me doing a piece on the new sports complex at the university, and he asked me to report from the indoor pool...wearing a bikini!"
"I know, I saw that. Very nice work," she said with a smile as she recalled the shapely form of the petite 5 foot 3 inch brunette in her swimsuit. "I'm sure the viewers appreciated seeing a new side of you," Lisa continued. "
"Well, we know they love seeing you again," Sue replied with a bright smile. "I saw the Friday night rating results; they were fantastic."
"And I think Bill is counting on the fact that the two of us together will mean even bigger ratings," Lisa added. Then, seeing the somewhat perplexed look on her colleague's face, she continued, "I've heard you're joining me Friday night for a repeat of your report on the new pool."
"Oh that," Sue replied. "I'm sure the audience will only be paying attention to you."
"Well, we'll see," Lisa said with a sly smile. "You know, I'm just going to grab a quick bite to eat and then I'm heading over to the sports center. Don Allen, the guy in charge over here, is letting me in as soon as the pool closes at 9:00 so I can see where we'll be shooting Friday night. I'd really appreciate it if you join me."
Sue hesitated, seemingly unsure of what to say.
"It would be a big help," Lisa added pleadingly. "You've already been there so you can show me where you shot. And besides," she added cheerfully, "there's a new wine bar near campus so we can have dinner and get caught up on things. My treat!" she added.
"How can I refuse?" Sue said gratefully. "Give me just five minutes to make sure my husband's able to get the kids to bed without me, and I'll be ready to go."
*******
By the time they entered the college sports complex, it was a few minutes past nine. Lisa had just texted Don Allen, who said that he was stuck on a conference call with donors on the West Coast. He suggested that they wait for him in the lobby and that he would take a break from his meeting as soon as he could. Both women were relaxed, having split a bottle of wine with their dinner, so they found a couple of comfortable chairs near the men's locker room and amused themselves by exchanging comments about the guys who passed them on the way out of the building.
As one particularly good looking young man went by, Lisa leaned over to Sue and whispered, "I'd definitely like to see him in a Speedo."
Her colleague giggled and, in a voice that was a little louder than she intended, replied, "The hell with that. Let's see him without his Speedo." The swimmer turned his head in their direction, prompting Sue to turn a bright shade of red as she covered her mouth with her hand.
"I think he heard you," Lisa said teasingly, and both women tried to suppress their laughter.
Over the next ten minutes the complex cleared out until no sounds could be heard from the locker room. Just when Lisa thought that perhaps Don had forgotten about them, he came hustling down the hallway holding a key ring in his hand.
"I am so sorry, ladies," he began as Lisa quickly introduced herself. "It looks like this call is going to go on for at least another half hour. I've got three major backers on the phone and a member of the college board of trustees in my office." Turning to Sue he continued, "You were just here last week so I'm sure you remember the layout of things." Handing the key ring to her, he suggested, "Do you mind giving Lisa a tour without me? You can just go in through the women's locker room and that will lead you straight out to the pool."
"I remember it well," Sue responded with a smile. "We'll be happy to look around on our own."
"And don't worry," Lisa added. "If you can't get off your call, I'll just text you when we're finished and you can tell us where to leave the keys."
"Thanks, ladies," Don said, breathing a big sigh of relief. "I promise next time I'll be free and give you the grand tour of the place," he said as he hurried off to his office.
"Well, looks like we're on our own," Sue said after he vanished into the stairwell.
"I know," Lisa whispered in a conspiratorial tone of voice. "Let's see what mischief we can get into," she added with a giggle.
As they entered the locker room, Sue pointed out that she planned to begin her segment with footage from last week's report, which started with her in the lobby discussing the new sports complex and then leading the camera into the changing area and showers.
"We have a scene we didn't use last week with me getting into my bikini in the locker room," she said with a look of embarrassment. "I guess I was a little bit nervous about it, but it seems like it might be more appropriate for the Friday night broadcast."
Lisa's face brightened, sensing that she was definitely making progress with Sue, and she immediately replied, "That would be fabulous. Thank you for be willing to add that to your piece." She paused, then continued in a more serious tone.
"For what it's worth, there have been plenty of times when I've hesitated about what to edit out of my segments. But it's been a great way for me to push myself and test my boundaries. And frankly, there was stuff in last week's video that I might have cut a few months ago."
"I noticed that," Sue replied with a chuckle. "It was kind of hot."
"Thanks," Lisa responded with a smile. "So I think it's great you're thinking of taking some chances. As long as you're comfortable with what you're doing, I'm sure our viewers will love it. Now," she continued, "can you show me how we get out to the pool so we can figure out how we're going to be able to shoot this?"
"Sure, you just turn the corner there and go past the showers. That leads us to the indoor pools."
"Pools?" Lisa asked.
The two women entered midway along the side of a large enclosed area that was almost the length of a football field. Although the lights were still on, things were eerily calm. The water surface was perfectly still, and the low hum of the filtering system could be heard echoing off the high ceiling.
"There are actually two pools here. The large one," she said pointing to the pool that stretched toward the left end of the building, "is roughly 50 yards in length and 25 yards wide and it's used for swim meets and practices. You can see," she continued, "right now they have four lanes marked by the ropes and the rest of the pool open for free swim. But during competition, all eight lanes will be set up." Lisa nodded as her colleague turned to the right and led her along the side of the pool toward an open area that had a number of benches as well as some racks and bins containing exercise equipment and towels.
"This," Sue continued, "is a warm-up area." The benches and bins covered an area that ran for roughly another thirty-five or forty feet along the wall and extended out about half the width of the lap pool. "And beyond that," she said pointing to the far corner of the building, "you can see the thermal pool."
"Looks like an oversized hot tub to me," Lisa said with a chuckle as they moved closer to inspect the second pool. It measured about twenty feet in diameter with a built in ledge below the water line. A small cloud of fog or steam hovered just above the surface, and the water itself was in continuous motion.
"It's also called the therapy pool because sometimes it's used for treating muscle injuries. So, the water's heated," Sue continued, "which explains the steam. And there are a series of water jets around the side and that's what keeps the water moving. "
"My goodness," Lisa exclaimed, "we never had anything like this at my college."
"I know, it's pretty incredible, isn't it?" Sue responded.
"I can see all sorts of possibilities right here for our broadcast, which means I shouldn't have to intrude too much on the swim team while they're practicing," she said with a smile as she gestured back to the large pool. "But let's get to work," she said, finding an empty bench in front of the thermal pool and putting down the large bag she had been carrying.
"Here," she said, as she extracted a small digital camera and handed it to Sue. "Clayton's going to be the cameraman for Friday's broadcast, and he asked me to take a few test shots of the specific locations we want to use. That way," Lisa continued with a smile as she reached for the zipper on her skirt, "he and I can figure out how to make sure we don't get in trouble with Standards and Practices."
Sue must have still been feeling the effect of the wine, as she started to giggle at the mention of the censors. Or, it may have been her way of covering her embarrassment as Lisa stepped out of her skirt and placed it on the bench.
"What?" she said in teasing voice, "it's not like you haven't seen me naked before. I'm going to need you to shoot some footage of me in the water now so we can see what will work." And with that, she quickly undid the buttons on her top and slipped out of her shoes.
"Oh, okay," Sue responded, somewhat disconcerted by her colleague's striptease. She stared down at the camera in her hand, examining the various buttons as if she was figuring out how to use it. "I hadn't realized that we were going to be doing the test shots with you in the pool. After all, you didn't mention anything about brining bathing suits."
Her shirt and shoes now removed, Lisa sat on bench and started to pull off her pantyhose. "Well, I'm going to be buck naked for the entire broadcast on Friday, so that's how we need to take the test shots."
"When you put it like that, it makes perfect sense." She paused, looking up at the blonde. "You're just so much more at ease with your body than most women I know. I really admire that in you, Lisa."
"For what it's worth," her colleague responded as she unhooked her bra and placed it on the bench, "I still get nervous every time I'm doing one of these dares. It feels like I'm climbing out on one of those high diving boards," she said pointing to the big pool, "and I'm afraid to take the leap. But as soon as I do and the camera is turned on, I love it. I don't think I fully realized that about myself until I took the time off."
"I wondered why you disappeared for all those weeks," Sue said, feeling flattered that her colleague felt she could confide in her.
"Well, there were several things going on," Lisa replied with a wistful look. "But a big part of it was just sorting out how I really felt about what I had been doing. And," she said as she stood up and moved to the edge of the pool, "I decided I really loved doing things that maybe most people only fantasize about."
"I think I know what you mean," Sue replied.
Lisa went up to the edge of the pool and dipped her toe in. "The water really is warm," she exclaimed looking over her shoulder to her colleague. "This will be perfect." And with that, she slipped out of her panties, tossed them back onto the bench, and lowered herself down into the water so it just covered her breasts. Then, she turned to face Sue. "Okay, we better get some work done before Don shows up and catches me skinny dipping!"
"Good point," Sue said with a giggle. She raised the camera to her eye, zoomed in on Lisa, and starting shooting.
"Let's get some footage with me standing here in the middle, and then I'll move closer to the edge of the pool."
"This is working well," Sue called back as she peered through the lens of the camera. "The surface is moving just enough to prevent any clear view of your breasts. I can kind of make out the shape of your body but it's all indistinct."
"That should make Bill happy," Lisa said as she leisurely moved closer to the jet sprays on the sides of the pool and lingered for a few seconds. "Oh my, I could feel that," she said her eyes suddenly widening, "I think I got a little too close to one of the nozzles." Both women laughed.
Lisa moved around the edge of the pool. "Now, let's get some shots here where I'm leaning against this," she said placing her elbows on the ledge that ran down that side of the pool about 18 inches below the water surface and stretching her legs out toward the center of the pool.
Sue took a few steps closer to the pool's edge and tilted the camera down at Lisa. "Well, we're getting a pretty clear view of your butt that way, but I guess that's okay with the censors." She then looked more closely through the lens and added, "Just don't turn over."
"You mean like this?" Lisa said as rolled onto her back and allowed her legs to float up to the pool surface, the nipples on her breasts appearing through the water surface and the light colored wisps above her pussy now visible as the water lapped over her thighs.
"Bad girl," Sue shrieked as she once again blushed.
"Well, I'm going to have to do something to remind viewers what this dare is about. I can't spend the entire half hour submerged in this pool!"
"Well, I don't think Standards and Practice is going to let you get away with you floating naked face up, Sue said with a grin.
Both women chuckled as the blonde reporter lowered her legs and turned to face Sue. "Well, I have an idea of something that the censors should allow," Lisa said as she placed her arms on the side of the pool and lifted herself out of the water. "Let's try this."
Swinging her legs around so her left side faced the camera, the reporter sat on the edge of the pool and bent her knees. "I think it will be pretty obvious that I've lived up to the dare that Natalie gave me, but it's always best to leave no room for doubt," Lisa said with a big grin. Leaning forward slightly and hugging her legs with her arms, she looked at Sue and continued, "If you bring the camera down so it's shooting straight at me from the side, I think we can manage to keep my boobs hidden by my arms."
"Wow," Sue said, her eyes widening as she squatted down with the camera. "That certainly eliminates any doubt." Looking through the viewfinder on the camera, she confirmed that if Lisa leaned just slightly forward while using her arms to hug her legs, her breasts would be shielded from the prying lens. "And as long as Clayton doesn't shoot from too high up," she said as she crouched down, "we'll only see your hip and the side of your butt."
"Perfect!" Lisa exclaimed, as she turned her head toward the camera and recited in her most professional tone of voice, "For the entire team at Channel 4, we hope you're enjoying tonight's show."
"The audience will love it," Sue said as she turned off the camera, put it down, and grabbed a towel to hand to her colleague.
"I'm sure they're going to enjoy your report, too," Lisa responded, taking the towel and wrapping it around her. "In fact, I had a thought on how we could conclude your segment," she said with a sly look on her face. "But only if you're comfortable with the idea."
The brunette's eyes widened at the use of the word "comfortable." Looking down at the floor, she shook her head slightly and replied, "I'm not sure exactly what you're thinking, but you know I can't do what you do."
"And that's absolutely fine, Sue," she replied. "I would never want you to do something you're not ready to do."
"Well, what exactly do you have in mind?"
"Like I said, I don't want to spend the whole half hour in the thermal pool. It will be boring to use the same setting for the entire broadcast, so I'd like to move to the big pool." She could see Sue's eyes widening. "But that will present certain problems because I can't really face the camera without showing a little too much."
Sue nodded. "I see what you mean."
But what if you concluded your segment in your bikini just like you did last week? And instead of standing next to the pool, you could get into the water." Sue nodded in agreement. "That way, I can come up behind you and you'll stand between me and the camera."
"Sure," Sue said good-naturedly. "That makes sense to me."
Lisa smiled and moved behind Sue, taking a few steps closer to her until her towel lightly brushed against her. "And I can just peek right over your shoulder while we wrap up your segment."
The blonde newscaster playfully rested her chin on Sue's shoulder, and a slight shudder ran through the older reporter's body as she felt her colleague pressing against her. Suddenly, both women heard the sound of a door opening and footsteps approaching from one of the locker rooms. Startled, Sue pulled away from Lisa and turned to face the direction of the sound.
"Relax," Lisa said calmly. "It must be Don coming out of the men's locker room. Remember, he was going to meet us here after this meeting broke up."
Just at that moment, a figure appeared in the distance, calling out to them. Lisa waved back, and then in a matter-of-fact tone, said to Sue, "So, what do you think? Should we go with that ending?"
"Why not?" Sue said regaining her composure. "I think the audience will enjoy seeing you sneak up on me. It seems to fit with the whole spirit of the Friday Night special."
"I think so," Lisa smiled reassuringly. "Besides," she added just before Don joined them, "it's exciting to try new things. At least, that's what I've discovered."
With that, she began to gather up her clothes and headed to the locker room, leaving it to Sue to confirm the details for Friday night with Don and to thank him for his cooperation.
*****
There was an air of anticipation and nervousness as the time for the actual newscast approached. Co-anchoring from a remote location always created stress for the crew, and the fact that for the first time Lisa would be completely naked during a live broadcast added a whole new level of complexity to the challenge of making sure things went smoothly.
The blonde reporter had selected a particularly skimpy bikini to wear at the very beginning of the broadcast - basically three triangular pieces of cloth in the front with tie strings on the top and bottom, and a slightly broader expanse of fabric that managed to cover most, but not quite all, of her delicious rear. The curves of her butt cheeks protruded from beneath the backside, and the two triangles on her top covered her nipples but not much more. But most eye-catching of all was the tiny triangle of cloth covering her pussy. Measuring barely a few inches on each side, it provided just enough coverage to conceal the tuft of neatly trimmed hair above her mound and to keep the censors satisfied.
By the time Lisa and Sue arrived at the pool for the 11:00 newscast, the late night swim team practice was well underway in the large pool used for competitive meets. After changing in the locker room, the two reporters donned terry cloth robes and appeared near the end of the thermal pool to consult with the camera crew, Clayton and his young assistant George, who had just finished setting up their equipment. Clayton approached the two women and indicated that they were ready to test out the lightning, so Lisa slipped out of her robe and stood poolside clad in just her bikini.
It was at that moment that the team coach, Robby Wilson, chose to blow his whistle and call the team out of the pool, suggesting that they head down to the other end of the enclosed area to say hello to the news team. At first, the ten young swimmers stayed near the benches while Robby introduced himself. Then, waving with his hand, he gestured to the team to join him.
"Guys, come over here and meet our guests of honor." Getting a closer look at the reporter, the dripping wet young men in Speedos quickly obeyed. One or two awkwardly waved to her while Robby went on to explain. "The swim team doesn't get the attention that the football and basketball teams do here at the college. So we're really grateful to you for broadcasting from here tonight and giving us this extra exposure."
Lisa chuckled at his choice of words. "Well, you're not the only ones getting some extra exposure tonight," she said good-naturedly. "We appreciate you giving up your Friday night to be here for the broadcast. I hope you won't be disappointed."
"No way we're disappointed," one of the swimmers blurted out. "We watch you all the time, and it's really exciting to have you're here tonight."
Lisa glanced down at the front of his swim suit and smiled. "Well, it looks like you're telling the truth," she teased, and the young man turned a bright shade of red. "I've heard great things about you all and I'm glad to have a chance to see you in person."
"Okay, guys, take a five minute break and then back to doing laps." A couple of the team members trudged back to the benches to massage tight muscles or dry off, but most remained clustered around Lisa until Robby finally had to shoo them away.
"We'll be going live in 10 minutes, so we've got some work to do," Clayton signaled and reviewed with Lisa and George just where the reporter should stand. "And Sue," he explained to the other reporter, "you can either wait on the benches or stand behind me. That way, we'll be able to keep you out of the shots until it's time for your segment."
Back in the studio, Natalie was on the set along with sportscaster Tim Willis and weather reporter Nicole Lewis, watching as producer Bill Reinhart checked the audio and video connections with the remote location.
"Everything's fine on this end," Bill barked into his headset. "Just make sure George keeps the boom mike out of sight," knowing the assistant's reputation for seeming to be totally unaware of what was going on around him.
"No problem," Clayton explained, grimacing slightly at the overly loud voice coming through his earpiece. "And no need to shout. I can hear you fine."
"Okay," Bill continued. "It's just that Lisa won't be able to use a clip on mike tonight."
Clayton, a seasoned cameraman who had worked with Lisa on a number of her "dare to bare" reports, rolled his eyes, a bemused look on this face. "I realize that, Bill. She won't have anything to clip it to. I've already been over this with George, and we're all set."
"That's good," Bill said, the stress apparent in his voice.
The blonde reporter, who had been standing next to George, could hear the audio coming from the monitor, and she realized that Bill's words were serving to heighten her excitement about what she was about to do. She swallowed hard as a warm feeling flowed through her body. "I really do love my work," she thought as she reflected on the fact that in just a few minutes she was going to be totally naked on live TV.
For the start of the broadcast, Lisa and Clayton had agreed that she would stand at the top of the steps that led into the circular thermal pool. The underwater jets were already turned on, and small waves continuously moved across the pool surface. Based on the video that Sue had shot earlier in the week, Clayton and Bill were confident that this would obscure the view of any part of Lisa's body that was more than a few inches below the surface.
A monitor had been set up about ten feet back from the edge of the pool, and on top of it, a larger digital timer was positioned to face Lisa so she could keep track of the length and pacing of each segment. She watched as the final ten minutes before the broadcast ticked down, feeling the excitement and nervousness growing inside her.
Finally, with thirty seconds to go, Clayton signaled Lisa as he picked up the camera and George positioned the boom mike above her on the steps. Standing with both feet on the first step, she started to shiver, not sure if it was from the water lapping around her ankles or simply from nerves as she anticipated what Natalie would say in her introduction. Finally, the timer hit zero, and she could see their opening logo roll as Natalie spoke.
"Good evening, and welcome to the 11:00 news and Channel 4's Friday Night Special. I suspect that this is the moment many of you have been waiting for all week. We had a request from a loyal viewer that Lisa Marvell join me in co-anchoring tonight's newscast, but with one important provision - she had to do it in the nude. And of course, our daring reporter has enthusiastically accepted the challenge. So, reporting tonight from the new athletic facility at our local college, here's Lisa."
"Thank you, and good evening everyone." The camera now switched to the live feed, and viewers could see Lisa perched on the top step clad just in her bikini. "I'm thrilled to join Natalie tonight and to be here with the college swim team." The camera did a quick pan up from Lisa to show the guys in the distance doing laps in the large pool.
"We're delighted to have you with us, Lisa. And I must say, that's an extremely fetching bikini you're wearing." The camera now cut back to Natalie in the studio, who seemed to have a disappointed frown on her face. "But don't tell me you're not going to follow through on the dare?"
"Would I let our viewers down?" Lisa said with just the hint of a smile.
With that she turned her back to the camera and untied the strings behind her neck and across her back, allowing the bikini top to fall into the water. She started walking down the steps until the water level reached the bottom of her butt cheeks. She then stopped, glanced back over her shoulder at the camera, and reached down with her hand and tugged on the string over her left hip.
The panel of fabric dropped down to reveal most of her left cheek as well as the top of her crack. Then, after a brief pause, she reached down and untied the right string, allowing the bottoms to slip off completely and float on the water's surface as she resumed her descent into the pool.
For just a few seconds, her butt was visible to the camera as she lowered herself into the water. Knowing that most of the swim team were now staring at her from the lap pool and had a clear view of her breasts, she deliberately continued her slow walk down the stairs until she was submerged up to her neck.
"A little chilly tonight, but it feels great." Lisa said as she turned to face the camera. "And now, it's time for our lead story."
"And for that report," Natalie chimed in as the camera switched back to the studio, "we'll go to Jim Simpson, who has the latest on the political scandal surrounding city hall."
Clayton signaled "thumbs up" as he listened intently to his earpiece. "Bill says everything looked great. The next story will be handled by Natalie and then we'll go to a commercial. So, they'll be back to us in about five minutes."
"Okay," Lisa said marching straight out of the water and up the steps. "George, stop gawking and hand me the towel," as she gestured to the assistant who was staring at her as she emerged nude from the pool. "It's chilly in here - look, goose pimples," she said teasingly as she pointed to her arm.
"Don't encourage him," Clayton said. "It was bad enough listening to him all week begging for this assignment," he added as George handed her a towel and the reporter wrapped it around her body, its length just managing to cover her butt. "I've never heard him talk that much," the cameraman added.
After a few minutes, Lisa slipped back into the water and positioned herself directly across from the stairs. George and Clayton had set up on that side of the pool as well, with the lap pool in back of them. As they got their equipment into position, most of the swim team emerged from the lap pool and gathered in a group directly behind the camera team. Coach Wilson offered to clear them out of the area, but Lisa good-naturedly consented to their presence as long as they remained quiet while the camera was on. "After all," she said teasingly, "there's no reason that they should miss tonight's broadcast just because you were mean enough to schedule a late practice."
When the camera light came on, Lisa could be seen with her elbows resting against the ledge that ran just below the water surface, the swells of her breasts visible above the waves that lapped against the side. "We've been enjoying some nice weather in the metropolitan area this week, and it's certainly comfortable here tonight at the new collegiate sports and recreational complex. But other parts of the country have been experiencing violent thunderstorms and damaging winds." With that, they switched to footage that had been provided to them from affiliated stations in the southeast while Lisa's voice, which had been recorded earlier in the evening in the studio, continued to narrate the segment.
"We've got a minute break here," Clayton signaled as he lowered the camera, "but Bill is telling me that shooting from this angle, the water surface isn't quite agitated enough."
"Meaning?" the blonde reporter asked.
"Meaning that there were a few moments in the last shot where we could see a bit more of your breasts that we should."
"Oops," Lisa said, seemingly unconcerned that more of her body was being exposed on live TV. "I guess we have to fix that or we'll get in trouble." With that, she pushed back slightly from the side and allowed the water to come up to her neck.
As the light came on, Lisa starting treading water as she resumed her narration. "You know, Natalie," she said, "we all complain about the harsh winters around here, but we make up for that with beautiful summers. And we usually avoid the kind of extremes we've seen in other parts of the country. That's one of the reasons why I love living here."
"I'm sure our audience has another reason tonight to be grateful that they live within our viewing area. Twitter is buzzing with comments about our broadcast tonight. I only wish I was there to join you."
"Well, the good news is that in just a few minutes, I'll be joined by one of our reporters, Sue Thomson, who will give us a quick overview of this spectacular new facility. But now it's time to hear from Nicole with our local weather update for the weekend."
Clayton gave the thumbs up as the broadcast returned to the studio. "That did the trick," he sighed.
"Rather than worry about the water for the next shot, let's try something different," Lisa offered as she placed her hands on the edge in front of the cameraman and lifted herself out of the pool. "Remember the test shot Sue took of me facing sideways?" she continued as she sat down on the tile floor and bent her knees, folding them in front of her and grabbing her lower legs.
Seated in this position and viewed from the side, her legs bent up and hugged closely to her chest, her breasts were completely shielded from the camera's view of her breasts. Just as in the test shots Lisa has filmed several days earlier, her hip and most of her one ass cheek were visible but nothing could be seen of the forbidden area between her legs.
"Works for me, but should I check with Bill first?" Clayton asked.
"No need to bother him since he saw the video that Sue and I took the other day. And besides, he knows Natalie has the final say on these reports, and we know she'll be fine with this shot. "
"I'm sure you're right," he said, "so let's go with it." By now, Sue had joined the swim team in crowding around to see just what was going on with the naked reporter sitting poolside. Clayton quickly explained, then shooed them away as the monitor showed that there were thirty seconds left until they were live again on the air.
Lisa gave a quick wave of her hand to the guys, then put her finger to her lips to indicate that they needed to remain silent. "Five seconds," Clayton called out, and then pointed to her as his camera light flicked on.
"We're back at the sports complex now, and I'm taking a bit of a break from the water," Lisa began as the camera revealed her naked on the side of the pool. "In just a few minutes, Sue Thomson will be here to give us an insider's look at the new facility, but now it's time for Tim Willis and the weekend spots report."
Back in the studio, Natalie and Bill exchanged glances as they saw Lisa's pose, and the dark-haired reporter quickly motioned to the producer to stay with the live feed from the sports complex. "Before we hear from Tim," Natalie interrupted Lisa, "I know our viewers are eager to hear from you about the new pool. Are you enjoying yourself?"
Lisa knew immediately that Natalie was trying to prolong this shot as long as possible, something that was in fact entirely acceptable to the blonde reporter. "Well," Lisa began, with a big smile, "I have to say I feel like a kid again, sneaking out to go skinny dipping in the lake after dark. Did you ever do that, Natalie?"
"Who, me?" Natalie said with a lock of mock horror. "I'm sure I never misbehaved like that."
"I wouldn't call that misbehaving, Nat," Lisa added good-naturedly. "I think most of us have tried going for a swim without our bathing suits at one point or another. In fact," she continued in her serious reporter's voice, "in most parts of the world, skinny dipping is a popular and well-accepted practice," she explained. "Even here in the United States," she went on, "there are no federal laws that prohibit nude bathing. However, various local laws can restrict the practice, although it's rare to see these rules enforced."
"Let's hope it's not illegal here. We'd hate to see the police drag you off in handcuffs." The devilish look in her eyes might have left some viewers wondering just how sincere that statement was, since the anchorwoman gave no sense of being upset by such a possibility. Lisa simply smiled as she responded, "Well don't get your hopes up, Natalie. I think you're stuck with me for the rest of the newscast. But right now, it's time for sports." And with that, the camera switched back to the studio and Tim Willis.
At this point, Sue Thomson, who had been quietly lurking just behind the swimmers, stepped toward Clayton and Lisa and handed a robe to the blonde reporter. "I thought you might need to warm up a bit," she said, adding in a lower voice, "and maybe let the team cool down a bit."
Lisa glanced at the ten young men who had congregated around the benches just a few yards from where they had been shooting, quickly checking out the bulges clearly outlined by their swimsuits. "My goodness, I see what you mean. I can tell that these young men have some very promising things in front of them," she added with a giggle.
Standing up and wrapping herself in the robe that Sue had provided, Lisa looked over at the team and smiled. "Don't you think it's time to return to your practice, boys?" Amid some low mutterings, the group started to move back to the lap pool. "But don't worry," she added. "Sue and I will be joining you in just a few minutes."
That statement was met with some cheers as the swimmers dove back into the pool. "Now here's what I have in mind," Lisa explained to Clayton. I know we discussed shooting the last segment in the thermal pool, but let's shift it to the big pool. I can hang on the edge of the pool when I introduce Sue. We'll go to the prerecorded segment in the lobby and locker room. And when you switch back live, I'll be off camera," she continued looking at her colleague, "and Sue can swim into view."
"I like that," said Clayton. "It gives me more angles I can play with and makes the transition to the closing bit seem more natural."
"And," Sue added with a wink as she looked at her colleague, "it gives you another opportunity to tease those poor young boys."
"Not just me, Ms Thomson," Lisa responded. "Don't think I haven't noticed you flirting with those youngsters. Tsk, tsk," she said as she seemed to scold the older woman.
While this bantering was going on, George had silently hauled the camera and microphone over to the side of the lap pool and was now methodically setting up the monitors on a nearby bench. Meanwhile, Clayton quickly conferred with the coach, explaining the change of plans and letting him know that they'd like some of the team to be doing laps in the far lanes but to keep the noise as quiet as possible. It would be good to have the sound of some activity in the background, but he wanted to make sure that Lisa and Sue could be clearly heard.
Within a few minutes, everything was in position for the final segment, and Lisa had quickly updated Natalie and Bill back in the studio. On the monitor, she could see that Tim was wrapping up his segment, which meant they'd be switching back to her after the next commercial. Looking at Sue and Clayton, she nodded and said, "Time to get ready."
She took her robe off and once again the swim team was treated to the sight of her shapely ass descending into the water as she climbed down one of the ladders at the edge of the pool. Moving about ten feet along the edge and holding herself against the side, Lisa positioned herself directly in front of Clayton and looked up. "How does this work," she asked as she saw the monitor ticking down the seconds until they went live.
"No problem with your front," Clayton explained matter-of-factly. But the water is pretty still here, so the camera's going to be showing your butt. Hope you're okay with that, Lisa, because there's no way to fix it now."
"Well, it can't hurt to remind viewers that I am fulfilling the dare," she replied with a smile. Past broadcasts as well as the start of tonight's newscast, she realized, had provided the audience with fleeting glimpses of her ass that lasted barely a second or two. But the introduction to Sue's piece was going to run at least thirty seconds, giving viewers plenty of time to enjoy the site of her naked backside in the water.
"Hey, are you paying attention?" she heard as Clayton's voice interrupted her thoughts. She exhaled deeply, feeling a trembling throughout her body as the sense of the water moving between her legs and against her breasts brought her back to reality.
"I am now," Lisa answered cheerfully as Clayton counted down the final five seconds and the broadcast once again resumed.
"For me, one of the exciting things about tonight's broadcast is that I've gotten a chance to spend some time with the swim team here at the college," Lisa improvised, "and I'm sure we're going to hear a lot about them in the future. They may be considered the underdogs, but they are committed to making it to the Nationals this year, and from what I've seen, I'm expecting big things."
Sue, who was standing just behind Clayton at this point, had to use all of her professional control to avoid laughing out loud at Lisa's last statement. The blonde reporter continued thanking the coach and the team and telling viewers how much she had enjoyed being at the pools tonight. And throughout it all, Clayton's camera remained focus on her, shooting from the left side at a slight angle as she clung to the poolside, her ass clearly visible below the water's surface.
"Sue Thomson spent some time getting to know this sports complex, and she's here now to give us an insider's view of this wonderful facility." With that, the prerecorded segment that Sue had used originally the previous week and re-edited for tonight's broadcast, began. It started with her in the lobby, then moved to the locker room. The added footage showed her taking off her top to reveal a very sexy white lace bra, cut to emphasize her ample cleavage and trimmed with lace that was sufficiently transparent to reveal most of the inner curves of her breasts.
Then, Sue was shown in her bikini providing a quick tour of the two pools and an adjacent room that contained various equipment used for weight training and stretching. "And now Natalie," she concluded, "I'm going to go for a quick dip myself." At that point, the camera cut back to the studio where Natalie filled a few seconds of airtime before switching back live to Sue, who was now in the pool.
"That's right, Natalie," she picked up the narration standing near the shallow end of the pool with the water surface just reaching her bikini top. "This is a fantastic facility, and there's always something going on. And every week it's open to the general public at selected hours, so I encourage everyone to come down and check it out."
In the distance about thirty feet behind the reporter, a figure could be seen paddling toward her. As the swimmer grew closer, the blonde hair and occasional glimpse of a bare butt made it clear that it was definitely Lisa Marvell. She swam up directly behind Sue, and suddenly dove underwater.
Sue's startled face indicated that something totally unexpected was happening, and as Clayton looked through the camera, he could detect Lisa's hands grabbing the sides of Sue's bikini bottoms. He instinctively began to pan upward with the camera, but not before the audience caught a glimpse of a dark shadow between the reporter's legs.
There was a scream and a giggle from Sue, and Lisa could be seen emerging from the water behind her, holding what appeared to be a wet rag her in hand. "Look what I found," the daring reporter said as she extended her arm over Sue's shoulder and held the bikini bottoms out toward the camera. "Guess I'm not the only one skinny dipping tonight!"
The young swimmers, who had finished their laps and just happened to be at a spot near where the two reporters were playing in the water, burst into spontaneous applause. Seeing in the monitor that Clayton's quick camera work and the motion of the water had in fact protected her from anything too embarrassing, Sue smiled and took the bottoms from her colleague. In turn, Lisa wrapped her arms around the dark-haired reporter's waist and hugged her, pressing her breasts against Sue's back to make sure that the audience didn't see anything that the censors thought they shouldn't see.
Both reporters laughed as Sue provided the concluding remark. "Well, thanks for your help tonight, Lisa. And thank you for providing us all with an unforgettable Friday Night special."
The two reporters waved goodbye as the camera switched back to the studio and Natalie signed off. "Don't forget to send your ideas for future reports to my mail. And on behalf of the entire Channel 4 team, have a great weekend."
(To be continued)