This story takes place on a parallel world where registered nudity and indentured slavery are legal under a government known as "The State". A young woman is blackmailed and slowly coerced into a life she never expected.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include cmnf, cfnf, enf, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, blackmail, public nudity and public sex.
*****
While she was still conscious of her nudity, especially when in public, Casey decided she felt more relaxed about it today as she made her way to the locker room after her morning run. She was surprised, and just a little bit worried, to find Cassandra waiting for her there. She still didn't fully trust Cassandra despite her seemingly different attitude towards her lately. She suspected it might all be an act to set her up for something horrible.
"Casey? Is it ok if we talk?" Cassandra asked.
Casey wondered what she could possibly want to talk about. They were hardly friends, but she decided to give her the benefit of the doubt after seeing her face. She seemed kind of nervous or sad somehow, so it was obviously something important to her.
"Sure, what's up?" Casey asked.
"Well, um… ok. It's been a long time comin', but I kinda owe you a big apology," Cassandra began while looking at her feet. "I know I've always been a bitch to you, and you've always just taken it. The thing is, I never actually hated you and I want you to know I'm real sorry for all of it. I think I was always just a little bit jealous of how you seem to give zero fucks about what anybody else thinks about you, and I wished I could be more like that myself. And now that you've become a nudist, and after what you did at your party in front of all of us last week, I'm jealous as fuck, and you also showed me that the main thing holdin' me back from doin' the same, wasn't anything worth worryin' about anyway."
This seemed to be a different side to Cassandra. Casey had never heard her talk like this or apologise for anything before.
"Oh, err… what was that?" Casey asked.
"Well, it's your beef curtains," Cassandra confessed while gesturing to Casey's pussy. Tears welled up in her eyes as she continued. "I have those too and I've never told anyone or showed anyone. I've never even let a man fuck me because of it, and it's a fuckin' nightmare. Everyday I've been expectin' someone will find out I'm a big fat fraud who ain't never been laid."
This did not seem to be any kind of trap. Cassandra did seem to be genuinely emotional and was revealing a very personal secret she'd been keeping.
"You're not a fraud, Cassandra," Casey assured her as she stepped forward to put her arm around her shoulders.
"Well, not any more I'm not, or at least I'm not gonna be," Cassandra continued without flinching at Casey's touch. "Last night I shaved my cunt, and I wanna show it off the first chance I get, beef curtains and all. I owe that to you, Casey. You set me free from all this bullshit. I wanna be a woman now, and proud of it."
"Cassandra, you don't have to shave or say or do anything special to be a woman. You do you. That's all you have to do."
"I know that," Cassandra replied. "It was more than just bein' ashamed of my beef curtains, though. That was just the main thing holding me back from everything else I wanted, and some of it I didn't even know I wanted until you started walkin' around here with your minge out. Now I want that too. I wanna be naked and let people see me. I wanna cum in front of people. What you did the other night made me wish more than anything that it was me instead of you down there in front of everyone and lettin' 'em see me cum. I wanted it so bad it burned, and I haven't been able to stop thinkin' about it since. I wanna be a camgirl like you and get one of those Lush things into me A-S-A-F-P! I don't wanna hide nuthin' no more. I wanna be proud of it all. I want to be free and be the me I want to be."
Casey was completely bowled over. All of Cassandra's nastiness had been jealousy all along, and she was even jealous of Casey's nudity and doing porn? Casey wasn't sure she actually gave zero fucks what people thought about her, though. It was more that she didn't have a choice about it, so she did what she had to do to get by, but here was someone who did have a choice and they still wanted it?
Holy fuck! Is she for real?
"Ahh… well, yeah, it's not too hard to set up a cam if that's what you really want," Casey answered, still in shock that anyone would choose to do that if they didn't just desperately need money or something. "It's a big step, though. Once you do it you can't go back if you change your mind later. What goes on the Internet stays on the Internet."
"Yeah, I don't give a fuck about that. Can you set me up?" Cassandra asked. "I can pay you if you want?"
So desperate that she'd pay to do it? Sheesh!
"Um… Money won't be necessary. Jolene handles most of that stuff for me, though. Maybe come around and talk to her? We'll both be home all day tomorrow if you like?"
"Fuck yeah! Ok, I'll be at yours sometime mid-morning tomorrow then. Is that ok?" Cassandra asked.
"Sounds good. Ok, see you then I guess," Casey replied.
Just then Amelia walked in, interrupting Casey's disbelief at what Cassandra was asking.
"Casey!" she squealed. "You're famous!"
She had a copy of the Port Wiluma Gazette and thrust it into Casey's hands. It was a page 3 article with a picture showing her from the waist up with her hands on the handlebars of her bike. They hadn't even pixelated her nipples out. She guessed that being a nudist meant that her body wasn't classed as obscene. Casey's heart started beating faster as she sat down to read the article.
"Readers have been reporting the strange sight of a naked woman cycling on the west side. We tracked her down and found Port Wiluma Tech student, Casey Reine, happy to talk to us. While only in her second week since registering as a nudist, Casey has strong views about female body positivity and freeing women from shame.
'We are not Barbie dolls, and we should not be expected to look or act like them. We are human beings. Women and girls have even been mutilating themselves getting nose jobs, breast implants, even so-called vaginal rejuvenations, you name it, because the world has been corrupted by outdated and inaccurate patriarchal stereotypes about what women should look like and how they should behave. All that needs to stop,' she told the Gazette.
Casey told us that the only downside to being nude was occasional street harassment, saying that it shouldn't matter how a woman dresses, or undresses as it is in her case, it's nobody else's business.
So, if you see her around, give her a wave but keep your comments and hands to yourself, and if you're driving a car, for goodness' sake don't toot at her!"
Casey breathed a sigh of relief and silently thanked Alexis. The message was a positive one and she hadn't been misrepresented or ridiculed as she feared might happen.
"What do you think?" she asked Amelia.
"I think it's wonderful! I can't believe I know someone famous now!" Amelia replied excitedly.
"Can I see that?" asked Cassandra.
Casey handed her the paper.
"That is good," Cassandra commented when she finished reading. "Ok, I got places to be, so I'll leave you two dykes… Fuck! Sorry. Old habits. I'll catch up with you guys later. See you tomorrow if I don't catch you before, Casey."
Amelia gave Casey a puzzled look.
"Long story," Casey told her as the locker room door closed behind Cassandra, "but apparently she's sorry for being mean to us and wants to become a camgirl too."
"You're kidding me?" Amelia responded with surprise. "Are you starting a trend here, Casey?"
Casey laughed.
"We're talking about Cassandra here. Who knows what's going on in her head half the time?"
The downside of the article was that Casey was once again swarmed by people wanting selfies during morning tea and at lunch time. Greg was once again forced to step in to make everyone behave and form an orderly queue, and he also came to escort her to her bike when classes finished.
When she got home, she found Jolene was out, so she decided to get some pussy stretching practice in while she had the place to herself. She set herself up in front of her closet mirror so she could watch herself again.
After lubing up with baby oil, she started with the dildo set, spreading wide while watching her face in the mirror and glancing down to watch her pussy stretch to accommodate each of them one by one. The largest one gave her almost no trouble at all this time, but she did accidentally make herself cum, and once again she watched her face in the mirror as she did. It was a curious sensation. Like she was both her own master and slave, or observer and performer at the same time. After recovering, she picked up the baseball bat, positioned it on the floor between her legs and stood above it. She pushed down with almost all of her body weight, and while it pressed into her quite a bit, it still wasn't quite inside her vagina. It was so close now, though, or at least it seemed to be.
She heard a noise and looked up to see Jolene standing at her door watching her.
"How long have you been there?" Casey asked.
"Not long. How is it going?"
"I'm so close. It feels like I'm ready, but I just can't quite get it in for some reason."
"That's good. You can't be far off then. Maybe try again tomorrow?"
"I might try some fisting I think," Casey decided. "I bet I can get my whole hand in now."
She sat down on the floor on her side and then reached around from behind with her hand, slowly working several fingers in until at last her whole hand did fit inside. This time she had no trouble getting past her knuckles. Once in, she started rotating her hand and expanding her fingers, working, massaging, and relaxing her vagina, particularly the opening. The feeling was intense, and she soon found an orgasm building, which she let happen with complete abandon, screaming in pleasure and continuing to thrust with her whole hand.
She looked up and smiled at Jolene when it had passed.
"Oh, you so have to do that on the cam tonight," Jolene praised, clearly delighted.
"You think? Was it hot?"
"Definitely."
"You know, I think that might be worth doing before I try the bat again next time. It might get things a bit more relaxed and loosened up," Casey considered.
"Sounds like a plan," Jolene replied, and then smiled to herself. Casey wasn't ashamed anymore, just as she had hoped would happen.
"Oh, the newspaper article came out today. Did you see it?" Casey asked.
"Yes," Jolene replied. "It was a nice picture, I thought. Interesting angle with the whole body positivity thing. Where did that come from?"
"Well… um… I haven't said anything before, but I always thought there was something wrong with my bits, so I've been really self-conscious about them, especially after you made me shave."
"Why, what's wrong with your bits?" Jolene asked in surprise.
"Well, you know… I thought I kinda looked like a butcher's bin with stuff hanging out of me that shouldn't be there. I didn't think I was normal, like maybe I had a birth defect or something."
"Oh, Casey," Jolene replied sympathetically. "Haven't you ever looked at some of the harder core porn sites? It's perfectly normal to have protruding inner labia."
"Yeah, well I know that now," Casey replied, "and no I haven't looked at porn at all before now. All this stuff is new to me. It wasn't until a girl at Tech told me that she had the same problem, and the same hang up about it, that I got to wondering, and after Googling it I found out that women's bodies have been censored for centuries because of patriarchal bullshit, and most women look like me. It made me fucking mad, and I've been on the warpath since."
"Is that why you suddenly seem a bit more relaxed about being nude?"
"Um… well yeah, I guess it is," Casey replied after thinking about it. "I figure this is an important issue, and since my body is on display anyway, I may as well use it for something positive and get the message out there. I wanna add something on my website about it. Would you be cool with that?"
"Um… I'm not sure about that. We wouldn't want to piss off our paying customers, but maybe if it was worded the right way? Maybe draft something out for me and I'll take a look?"
"Sure, thanks. Will do," Casey replied, pleased to hear it. "Oh, Cassandra also told me she has protruding bits too and was also hung up about it. I think this might be the tip of an iceberg and I can help a lot of girls."
"Cassandra, really?" Jolene asked, surprised. "I thought you guys didn't get on? Why would she tell you something like that?"
"Yeah, it was really weird. She actually apologised to me for being a bitch all this time. She said she was just jealous, and now she wants to trade places with me. Oh, she says she wants to become a camgirl like me too so I told her to talk to you. She said she'd show up mid-morning tomorrow. Is that cool?"
"Seriously? Cassandra?" Jolene questioned incredulously. "Um… yes, for sure. I'd be keen to manage more girls. Is that what she wants? A manager?"
"I'm not really sure what she actually wants," Casey replied. "We didn't really get into details. I think she was more interested in the technical aspects. I know she's not short of money, though. I think she just wants to perform in front of people. Who knows? Maybe ask her tomorrow?"
"Ok then," Jolene replied, suddenly seeing dollar signs in her eyes. "Maybe this could be more money for us, Casey? I guess we'll see what she wants tomorrow."
"I guess so," Casey agreed. "Just be careful, Jolene. This might all still be a wind-up of some sort. I don't think so, though. She did actually seem genuine, but just keep your guard up just the same."
"Don't worry, I will." Jolene replied. "It'll be a cold day in hell before someone puts one over me at my expense. Ok, we better have something to eat and then you'll need to get ready for your cam session."
"No worries," Casey replied. "I've thawed some steak. Steak and oven fries?"
"Sounds great."
Casey felt better than usual during her cam session later that night. Getting her legs open and playing with herself didn't feel quite as forced as it usually was. She even loved showing that she could get her fist into her vagina. Could this be what losing your inhibitions actually felt like? Or had she lost her sanity and none of this was actually real?
After her cam session, she opened her closet and looked at herself in the mirror again. It looked like her. Well, a blonde and nude version with no pubic hair but it still seemed to be her. She reached up and pinched a nipple as hard as she could.
Motherfucker!
Well, she seemed to be awake at least.