*** Carol the Prude
My ex-wife Carol was a beautiful, shapely young blonde woman who really filled out her "C" cup bra. Much to my dismay, she never wore anything to accent her great rack or her long sexy legs and perfect butt. I would have preferred she at least wear something that might show some cleavage and a hint of those great globes.
The only time she ever showed any the slightest indication of exhibitionism was early in our relationship when I was overseas in the service. Her GF Lisa took a few PG rated lingerie and bra & panties pictures which she sent me. Those shots were very sexy yet not actually revealing. For Carol that was very daring; but for anyone else, not daring at all. But that was already beyond the limits of Carol's comfort zone.
Even after we were married and living alone in our first apartment, she wouldn't be comfortable relaxing around our place in a nightie or panties, much less naked. If I had to rate her clothing and beach attire, it would definitely be rated as very conservative.
*** Lisa Sparks a Fire
Lisa, Carol's very cute best friend through college had moved out of state shortly after we married. Carol invited Lisa to stay with us for a whole summer. Lisa was a teacher with the summer free and she eagerly accepted.
Our apartment wasn't air conditioned and we relied on fans and open windows to keep cool. And that summer was an exceptionally hot one. Once Lisa settled in, and much to my liking, she became comfortable relaxing in just a long T-shirt or tank top, no bra and panties.
The braless thing wasn't a big deal as she just had perky little "A" cups. As it got warmer, she wore shorter T-shirts where her panties were exposed half the time, and soon wore just panties and skimpy tops around our apartment.
Lisa seemed to be very comfortable dressed like that with me around, and I certainly wasn't complaining. Lisa would stay exposed like that even if Carol wasn't home. During those times I was constantly stifling a hardon. I was never quite sure if she was teasing me, or she was just that completely comfortable relaxing half-dressed in my presence.
With us trying and keep cool and with Lisa's insistence, we pulled up the blinds and shades on the hottest nights. Without Lisa's persistence, the blinds would never be open, especially at night. Carol was always afraid someone might catch a glimpse of some bare skin.
*** The Fire Ignites
One hot and steamy evening the three of us were sitting around the kitchen table playing a board game drinking beer and getting high. It was hot as hell in that apartment. I'm wearing my old cut-off jeans and nothing else. Lisa is wearing her signature panties and cut-off tank top, and Carol wearing panties, baggy shorts, bra and button up blouse.
I knew that Lisa's lack of clothing didn't seem to bother Carol as much as it puzzled her. So out of nowhere Carol's curiosity got the best of her, and asked Lisa why she felt OK half dressed like that in mixed company.
Lisa replied, saying that since Carol and I were married, she considered me a brother. I'm thinking, hmm, my sister never dressed like that around the house! Lisa then asked Carol if it bothered her that she was dressed so casually.
Carol said no, she was fine with it, but that wasn't the issue. It was just that she truly wished she could be that free and uninhibited, but just couldn't do it. Carol said she wished she were like Lisa, but that she just wouldn't be at ease wearing anything so revealing, even in her own home.
Lisa explained that she grew up in a household that was probably more relaxed in terms of casual nudity than the average family. And that it was second nature for her to dress as comfortable and practical as possible with little regard to modesty.
Carol again said that she wished she could be as comfortable relaxing half dressed as we were. Lisa said that she had a simple solution. Lisa just told Carol to take baby steps and that she'd be a much happier person if she'd ignore her modesty and try to kick her inhibitions to the curb.
Lisa said that right now is as good a time as any, and told Carol to just unbutton her blouse. Lisa told her that she'd feel so much cooler, and it wouldn't hurt one bit! Carol did that and flapped her blouse around and said yes, that's much better! Lisa then suggested that Carol then get rid of those big shorts. Carol's eyes grew wide and she looked around at the open windows.
We both told Carol that there aren't any other buildings or people nearby, and no one will see. Without standing up, Carol wiggled out of her shorts. Lisa told Carol that she needed to take just one more little step, either take off your top completely, or just your bra. Again Carol's eyes grew wide and looked around. We both told her that isn't a big deal, and that she is in the privacy of her own home! With that Carol slipped off the bra straps without taking off her blouse, pulled down her bra, spun it around and unsnapped it.
Ta-ta! She tossed the bra across the room. We all laughed, especially Carol. She said she felt like we had all been playing strip poker, and she was losing! She said she felt weird, like she was almost naked. I used Carol's statement about playing strip poker to say that might not be a bad idea. Let's play strip poker! They both looked at me wide-eyed. But their eyes weren't saying no, but not yes either. Lisa just said maybe some other time. It's late and I'm tired. Carol just nodded in agreement.
*** Carol's Evolution
That night was a breakthrough of sorts for Carol. I think Carol took it as a challenge to toss her inhibitions aside. Following Lisa's lead, Carol began to loosen up and wear less around the apartment.
Another benefit of Carol's newfound freedom was that we began to gradually open a dialogue between us about our innermost sexual feelings, wants and needs. Because of that, our previously mundane sex also began to improve in both quality and frequency. Score another one for Lisa's presence.
Besides our sex life improving in general with us talking more openly about our sexual selves, we also began to actually have fun during foreplay and sex. There was one thing we did during our sex play if Lisa was home.
We'd have fun trying to guess how far along Lisa was toward reaching her own orgasm and which vibrator she was using in the next room. After all, it was a tiny apartment, so there were not a lot of secrets. So playing that game was both fun and arousing for both of us.
The following Saturday night Carol and I just stayed home. We parked our butts on our sofa, watched TV and drank beer. That day was another scorcher and unbearably humid. Lisa went out to meet some other friends and got back early.
She grabbed a beer and plopped down in the big easy chair and broke out a dube, and we all got high. When the movie was over, I suggested a game of strip poker. Carol said there was no way. Lisa simply said the weather was perfect and laughed. I said that two out of three agree, so I'll get the cards.
Surprisingly Carol didn't put up much of an argument. Instead of going to the kitchen table like we would for a board game, I just pulled the coffee table between the sofa and Lisa's easy chair. They both started laughing at me, asking if I was sure I wanted to do this because I was only wearing one item, cut-offs. I just said I'll take my chances.
Lisa had on shorts, a belt, a stretchy top and I presumed panties. The "new, more carefree" Carol was wearing panties, shorts and a bathing suit bra. A few hands later we learned that Lisa was wearing white panties, and that Carol was a good sport and sitting topless in her panties.
Next round I lost my cut-offs and the ladies thought it was hilarious that I'd be the first one naked. I was laughing too, thinking I really didn't care one bit! Next round Carol lost her panties and she was naked. Lisa just said she was tired of this game and stood up, pulled off her top and panties, stood there with her hands on her hips and said she was grab us all another beer!
That move just blew me away, showing how truly uninhibited she was. After all that teasing, there was a naked Lisa, for the first time, right before me. I'm not sure which was more erotic, seeing her naked or her cavalier attitude.
With that, my cock is rising really fast and got Carol's attention. Sitting beside me, she just pinched my thigh really, really hard. I screamed in pain and in an instant my growing cock stopped dead in its tracks. Those two were laughing hysterically.
The three of us spent the rest of the evening sitting in the living room naked, watching another movie. I have to say that although I kept my eyes on the TV, I was watching Lisa's every move. That is, until I fell asleep. When I awoke, the TV was still going and they were both asleep. I nudged Carol and we both tip-toed into our room.
I was hoping that strip poker would become new norm in our little household, but that wasn't to be. After that night there was no further interest in strip poker, at least not from the women.
With the heat persisting and the strip poker game perhaps setting up new norms, both of these women became more and more relaxed and free with their clothing, more precisely, lack thereof. It came to a point where it wasn't unusual to see Lisa coming out of the shower totally naked and still drying herself while going back to her room, even stopping to chat a few times. Carol began doing the same, walking to and from the bathroom naked.
Once I came home a little earlier than usual and caught Lisa in the kitchenette totally naked making a sandwich. She just said not to mind her, finished making her sandwich. Only then did she excuse herself and put something on, came back and ate her lunch.
I wanted so badly to be a smart-ass and tell her she needn't get dressed on my account. But I figured the less I make of it the more likely it'll happen again. So I knew then that Lisa's scanty attire wasn't just to tease me. She truly liked to wear as little as possible whenever she could.
Not to be outdone by these two, I was began to get careless when wearing my cut-offs. They were old worn cut-offs that probably started out mid-thigh length. But after being frayed by a hundred washings and dryings, they were short enough that my junk would be hanging out if I wasn't careful how I sat. I noticed Lisa more than a few times checking me out.
Carol did mention once when we were alone that maybe I should put on briefs when wearing those old cut-offs. I tried to act unaware. Carol said you must KNOW you're giving Lisa a show now and then. I said that is this heat, I'd have to be nuts to wear underwear! She didn't disagree.
I then jokingly said if anything, I should wear just the briefs! Carol just smiled and shook her head and rolled her eyes. I suspected that Carol knew what was going on and liked that I was teasing Lisa a little.
*** Carol spices up her Wardrobe
Carol was also influenced by Lisa's casual street clothing. Lisa liked to wear flimsy tops and short skirts and usually went out braless, even with light tops where her nipples were evident. Carol couldn't go braless without literally stopping traffic, but she began wearing shorter, tighter and sexier clothes.
Carol even bought a summer top which had some elastic under the breasts and was meant to be worn without a bra, but was probably designed for an "A" or "B" cup woman. With Carol's "C" cup tits, that top showed off plenty of cleavage and Carol looked great wearing it. She was proud of herself that she was able to wear that in public, even though it was by no means outrageous. But it was another step.
Carol planned a day trip to a local beach for the three of us. For that occasion the girls had gone shopping for new bathing suits the previous day. When they got home I was pleasantly surprised to see Carol model the most revealing bikini I had ever seen her wear. It was a Brazilian cut, with a showing off a good bit of her great ass cheeks. The top wasn't tiny, but had minimal support accenting some of the natural shape of her generous round tits. She was really looking hot in that bikini.
Lisa also tried on her new suit, a thong bikini. She looked very hot in that daring, tiny bikini. It wasn't a true Wicked Weasel, but almost as tiny. Of course Lisa didn't fill out that suit nearly was well as Carol might have, but with just that tiny bit of material barely covering her trim body made it a really eye catcher.
The following day at the beach both girls drew a plenty of attention. Lisa was one of the few women wearing a thong, and in my opinion looked better in it than any of those others. But Carol drew just as much attention, I'm sure because her "C" cup tits trying to burst out of that top. I was proud to be in the company of these two beach beauties. I'd be willing to bet that there wasn't a guy on that beach that didn't wish he was in my position.
Again I credited the "new" Carol to Lisa's free and adventurous spirit. I was then beginning to suspect that Carol's body-liberation was created by a little friendly rivalry for my attention, and I'm sure, the attention of others. Regardless, I was the hands-down winner of that contest.
As was expected, Lisa moved back up north to her home when the new school year was beginning. I knew that I'd miss her teasing me, whether intentional or not. And I knew Carol would miss her too, she was the perfect, most considerate house guest. They truly did bond as sisters might.
Thankfully Carol did not revert back to her old self, and if anything continued to show signs of becoming more liberated. Her clothes shopping indicated further advances toward her new new-found freedoms.
*** Ron the Photographer:
That autumn we moved to a nice garden apartment complex. After we'd been there a few weeks Carol met Ron in the common laundry room. Ron was a single guy who lived just a few doors down from us.
They started conversing, and Carol learned he was an aspiring photographer. Ron told Carol that he did weddings and the like, and had an extra room in his apartment set up as a studio to do portraits and kid's pictures, etc. He was not really a professional, as he had a day job as well.
One afternoon Carol again saw Ron at the laundry room. They got to talking about his photography, and he offered to shoot some photos of her in his home studio. He told her that she seemed to have such great figure and would make such a great model. Carol realized he wasn't talking about a head-shot portrait, and asked what type of photos he was proposing.
Ron told her that she would be perfect for some traditional black and white nudes. Carol was completely taken aback. She was nervous and told him she would have to talk to me about that. Ron likely saw her shock and nervousness and quickly suggested that he could bring over his portfolio showing some of his work. That got Carol interested, and she agreed. Ron said he could be over as soon as he finished up his laundry.
Within an hour Ron was knocking at the door with portfolio in hand. I was still working, so it was just the two of them at home at the time. They sat on the sofa and looked through the portfolio.
Carol said that many of the photos were artful black and white nudes like he had proposed, with a lot of shadows and subdued lighting, etc. She said few reminded her of the typical baby-on-the-bear-skin rug photos of days gone by. He also showed Carol some tasteful boudoir photos, some black and white and others in color.
I got home a short while later and Carol seemed particularly bubbly yet nervous and tense. I was wondering what had gotten her so wound up. She nonchalantly mentioned meeting Ron earlier and that he showed her some of his work.
She told me she was very impressed with his work and that she might consider posing for some photos. I asked Carol what kind of photos she had in mind. She said that she was impressed with the traditional black and white nude photos that he had taken. What? Nudes? Is this the same Carol I am married to?
It sounded to me like she had already made up her mind, and was now trying to convince me that it was a good idea. My first reaction was that yes, it would be a great idea, another huge step in getting Carol to shed her inhibitions.
I didn't want to seem too eager, so I mentioned that with upgrading to the nice new apartment, we didn't have a lot of cash to spend on things like that. Carol said it wasn't a problem. Ron said he wouldn't charge us anything. Really? I asked. She said yes, but she'd need to sign a waiver so Ron could include her pictures in his portfolio which he could show to other clients.
Now I am really wondering if Carol is thinking clearly. I asked her if she would be comfortable with others looking at her nude photos. She said for me to understand, I'd need to browse the portfolio to see how beautiful the other women looked in that context. Context? I am thinking nude context.
I'm also thinking that Ron is a hell of a salesman to get Carol to agree to this. I'm also a little jealous of this guy, and wondering if there is something else going on here that I'm missing.
And so it was agreed to take Ron up on his offer. I told Carol to make arrangements for us to do the photo session. When I got home from work the next day, Carol seemed a little glum. I asked if she made the appointment with Ron. She said yes, but that Ron didn't think it would be a good idea for me to be there. What? Carol then said that Ron was actually more frank, and said that I would not be welcome at the session.
Right about then I was beginning to dislike Ron intensely. Honestly, I wanted to punch him in the nose and then kick him in the nuts. Carol tried to soothe my ire by explaining Ron's logic which she felt was reasonable.
Ron told her that any significant other present during a nude photo shoot is a bad idea. That is, anyone posing is very likely to inhibited and not totally at ease with someone else present, especially someone close. I could understand that logic, but that didn't mean that I liked it. I told Carol I'd need to sleep on that decision.
Knowing that I wasn't welcome, the photo session no longer seemed to be a good idea. But from the start I found the thought of her posing for nude photos erotic. Now I'm thinking about her doing a nude photo session alone with this guy. And I was wondering why I was loathing that thought, yet I was finding the situation very, very stimulating.
I was making myself crazy. My mind was conjuring up all sorts of scenarios. Some thoughts making me angry, some making me jealous, and all the while I'm getting hard.
I was trying not to be completely selfish in my decision, and thought about possible effects on Carol's psyche. Maybe I was being untruthful with myself, but with any of the scenarios I had envisioned, however mundane or lustful, I only saw Carol being a better person for it.
I had to make a decision that evening before I drove myself crazy. So soon after we went to bed that night, I let Carol know that while I was skeptical, I was OK with it as long as she felt comfortable with the situation. Carol didn't hesitate for a second.
She kissed me and got very amorous really quickly. With minimal foreplay and within minutes Carol was on top of me and lowering her dripping pussy down on my rock hard cock. Carol was hot, hot, hot and soon exploded into an intense orgasm.
Afterward I had to ask the obvious; I asked that since the thought of posing nude made her so horny, did she expect to be aroused from posing nude? Since Carol and I have been learning to share our sexual desires and thoughts, I just wanted hear her say the words of how the upcoming photo session made her feel sexually.
Carol first made a feeble attempt to deny that the thought of posing made her horny, but realized the evidence was undeniable. She finally opened up to me and said that she was initially confused as to why she wanted to pose for this guy. Yet she knew it was something she really wanted to do.
She thought of the opportunity as a personal challenge. At first, the thought of posing nude wasn't so much of a sexual thing as it was a different dynamic; something she couldn't explain. She likened it to a need to do something daring and adventurous like sky diving or mountain climbing. A scary and dangerous adventure, but conquering her fears would bring about a feeling of euphoria and accomplishment.
I looked at Carol quizzically with furrowed brow. Carol sighed and went on saying that after posing nude had become a very real possibility, only then did her sexual expectations began to evolve. She confessed that yes, the thought of her nude in private with another man got her very aroused, and the thought of others possibly seeing those photos made it all the more intense.
Carol went on to say that in reality, during the actual photo session she would probably be so nervous and tense she wouldn't be enjoying it at that moment. She likened it to some of the wild sexual fantasies we've discussed. That is, exciting to imagine, but in actuality would be intimidating and frightening.
*** The Photo Session:
So the deal was set. The evening they decided on for the photo session, Carol was nervous as hell while she was getting ready, and I was pretty damned nervous myself. It took Carol forever to get ready. She took a long hot bath and while still in the tub asked my opinion on how to trim her pussy.
She said that all the B&W nudes she saw in his albums, the women appeared to have some hair, but seemed sparse. But she said that in those photos none of the women were totally exposed, so it was hard to tell.
Then she wondered aloud if she should shave herself completely. I couldn't believe she said that! I had begged her for the longest time to shave completely or at least a close trim. She always refused. Now she's considering shaving herself bare for this guy? She quickly corrected me, saying she wasn't doing it for him, she would be doing it was for herself and the photos.
My head was spinning; I finally had a chance to see her shaved bare. But at the same time I felt I needed to deny this guy that very special view of her luscious, prominently lipped pussy. But my libido was betraying me.
I realized that I was finding it exciting that he would see her totally bald pussy, exposed lips and all. I told Carol that as long as she is comfortable with it, I'd love to see her shaved bare. With that she shooed me away and the deed was done.
Another hour and half for hair and makeup, and Carol was ready. As per Ron's instructions, she put on just a loose pair of sweats so as not to leave any elastic marks on her body. I complimented her on her beauty and told her I knew she'd be the perfect model. I kissed Carol goodbye and off she went.
Carol was gone about three hours, much, much too long as far as I was concerned. The minutes seemed like hours. All sorts of sordid thoughts raced through my head while I waited. At times I was convinced she was getting pounded hard that very moment.
I was upset with those thoughts, but my libido again betrayed me. I was rock hard thinking of her sucking his cock, getting fingered and getting fucked silly by that guy. I kept telling myself to curb my wild imagination. Easier said than done, I thought.
*** Carol Relates her Adventure:
When Carol finally got back, I was totally relieved. She seemed happy and pleased with what transpired. She said it all went well, but was reluctant to share any details. But she was extremely horny, primed and juicy, and we were soon in bed and I was pounding her like crazy. And again, Carol had an intense orgasm.
When we were mellowing out afterward, Carol finally felt like telling me about her evening. She told me that Ron poured her some wine as soon as she got to his place. He then handed her a robe and asked that she take off her sweats and slip on the robe while he stepped into another room.
With that done, they sat around for a while drinking wine and talking about nothing in particular. Then he poured another glass of wine while saying that she needed to be as relaxed and at ease as possible. When they were ready for the photos he led he into his home studio.
He had it set up with a dark colored backdrop, a large soft mat on the floor covered with a dark cover, and various dark colored pillows lying about. He had a camera set up on a tripod and other stands set up with lights on them.
Carol said it was all a little intimidating, but Ron was so mellow and soothing yet so confident and professional that she felt quite comfortable. He fiddled with the camera for a few moments and then asked Carol if she was ready. Carol said she felt a flush run across the skin and her body temperature felt like it jumped ten degrees. The time had come.
Ron reached out his hand for the robe. Carol said she just whipped off the robe without any hesitation. She felt so vulnerable now standing totally naked in front of a man she hardly knows. And yet so empowered, seeing the lust in Ron's eyes for a brief moment. Carol said that he resumed his professional mannerisms and asked Carol to lie down on her stomach and get comfortable on the mat.
Carol said that Ron was totally professional, requesting many different poses. She had lain on her stomach, on her back, kneeled, squatted, and sat cross-legged, with many variations of each. Meanwhile Ron changed camera angles and many variations of lighting.
After a while when Carol had become quite comfortable, Ron made mention that she was more beautiful nude that he could have imagined. He said that she was a perfect model for this type of photography. Carol asked what made her a perfect model.
Ron replied it was her beauty, poise, and her curvaceous body. That was the first time he had even acknowledged her in that respect. With that, Carol felt a warm flush flow through her and became even more relaxed.
Ron suggested a quick break and poured them each another glass of wine, and offered Carol a nearby wooden stool to sit on. The robe she had worn earlier was lying on the stool. Carol said that while she wasn't sure if Ron expected her to put on the robe. It was very warm in that room, and she was comfortable and confident enough to just sit right on the robe-draped stool.
Ron busied himself fiddling with the camera. Carol asked Ron if she did the right thing by foregoing any trips to the tanning salon for an all over tan for the session. Ron said that she was perfect; her alabaster-white skin was beautiful.
When Ron was done working with the camera he pulled up another stool facing Carol and sipped his wine. Carol said she couldn't believe that she was now sitting on a stool, just three feet away from a fully clothed near-stranger, while totally nude, having small talk and drinking wine.
Ron was still being the perfect gentleman, his eyes only on her eyes. And Carol said she was glad of that because that stool she was sitting on was just the right, or wrong, height so she could only sit with her tip-toes barely touched the floor. And the stool was so tiny that crossing legs was not an option.
So there she sat, legs slightly parted and a newly shaved pussy partially exposed. And strangely enough she felt fine. She said that when the session began she cursed herself for shaving because she felt even more vulnerable and exposed. But now she felt empowered and emboldened, like she had slain all her demons.
Then Ron got up and told Carol to stay right where she was, that he thought she looked so beautiful sitting right there on that stool, that it was a perfect opportunity. Ron picked up a different camera and circled Carol while clicking away. Carol said she was wondering what this was all about. This wasn't exactly what they talked about, but seemed fine with her. Ron said it was a spontaneous pose not to be missed.
After a few minutes of Carol posing on the stool, Ron suggested another round of poses. Ron left for a minute and brought back a heavy marble pedestal from his living room. It was a little shorter than the stool, but much more ornate.
Ron set it up in front of the black backdrop and asked Carol if she'd like to pose near the pedestal. She readily agreed, and the camera kept clicking. She posed next to it, in front of it, behind it, and kneeling behind and beside it with an elbow resting on it.
Carol was realizing that her original poses were very artful, and her pussy was for the most part concealed and shadowed. It seemed to Carol that these poses, while still artful could be considered playboy material. And no doubt, her pussy was on display. Ron next suggested she pose standing next to the pedestal, with one leg raised, and her thigh resting the pedestal.
Carol readily complied. The pedestal was just the right height for it to be fairly comfortable pose. Comfortable, except now she knew full well that with her left thigh resting on the pedestal, she was then exposing her meaty lips and partially opened pussy.
Carol asked Ron if he thought that pose was a bit too suggestive. Ron said not at all, and not to worry, that he would never allow any photos to be made public without her approval. She said the word "public" shot another surge of heat through her body and sent her head spinning.
Apparently Ron gained confidence in the fact that Carol didn't question his judgment and held that explicit pose. What a rush Carol experienced when Ron then kneeled in front of her, obviously focusing on her exposed pussy while clicking away.
A moment later, Ron stood and asked that she hold that pose, but to rotate her body away from the pedestal. Ron put his hand on her shoulder, guiding her to the desired position. Again Carol complied and felt herself opening wider. Ron told her that was perfect and dropped to one knee again and took more shots from different angles. Carol was just hoping her lips weren't overly swollen and her juices weren't literally dripping, giving away her true emotions at that moment.
Ron must have sensed that he had reached the point where it would be best to quit while he was ahead and call it a successful shoot. Carol said she was relieved herself because she was getting to the point where she might have done almost anything he asked. I couldn't believe my Carol said that.
I was stunned that Carol would be so free and honest in sharing her intimate feelings with me, particularly the statement that she was in jeopardy to "doing almost anything he asked". So meet the new Carol! This was the birth of a true exhibitionist.
As Carol was describing her evening in all its sensual details, I'd regained a raging erection that didn't go unnoticed by Carol. And as she's relating her adventure, she is stroking me ever so slowly so as not to lose my attention one way or the other. Carol is the greatest!
When Carol got to the part of her story where Ron was had her rotate her body, opening her pussy wider, I parted Carol's legs and started nibbling and sucking on those prominent, meaty pussy lips. A few moments later Carol began circling her clit with her fingers and instantly burst into another intense orgasm. Carol pushed me down and climbed on top of me, her favorite new position and started grinding away. We should do this more often!
**** The Proofs
A few days later Ron came by when we were both home and presented us a disk of selected proofs. Ron told me what a great natural born model Carol was. He asked that we take our time and look through the proofs. Ron said to give him a call and let him know what we thought, and left us to review the photos.
Many of the traditional black and white photos were actually PG rated, just Carol on her stomach on one elbow with just her beautiful butt and the side of her large breast showing. Another showed Carol's bare back and side while sitting crossed legged with her arm blocking the view of her nipples, and another from the front, her sitting crossed legged with one arm in front of her breasts. The lighting was superb, highlighting Carol's curves and her beautiful face as well.
But of course many photos did show off Carol's greatest asset, her big round breasts from various angles, lying, kneeling, and sitting crossed-legged, and every other position in between. There were also a few artful yet racy shots with Carol posed on the stool and by the pedestal, some in B&W and others in color.
Bottom line is that Carol and I were both impressed, both with his work and how well Carol looked. But we both wondered about the other shots, some marginally graphic, some very explicit. Carol said she'd need to ask Ron about those.
The following day I was home when Carol called Ron to thank and congratulate him for the outstanding work. After some chatter, Carol asked about the shots of her sitting on the stool and some of the "other" shots of her around the pedestal. Hearing the one-sided conversation it was obvious that Ron wasn't sure Carol wanted me to see those "other" photos.
I heard Carol tell Ron that her husband was very liberal in that respect, and not the jealous type. Carol asked him to please put together another disk with those pictures that were of good quality, content notwithstanding, however racy or explicit.
The following evening after we had dinner Ron stopped by and gave us that "other" disk. He made no reference to that disk in particular, but rather asked if we had a few minutes to discuss something. We were both curious, and told him sure. Ron said that since Carol was such an outstanding model, he was wondering if we would consider Carol posing nude for his photography club.
Carol was genuinely surprised and showed it, as was I. He assured us that all the poses would be artful in nature. He said that they preferred to have live models whenever possible, but it was difficult to get good models since the club had a limited budget.
He did say that they'd be able to pay Carol one hundred dollars for a two hour session, with a few 10 minute breaks in between. I had some questions for Ron, but didn't want ask just then. I didn't want Carol to think I was already considering saying "yes" without she and I discussing it. I told him that we'd speak about it and let him know. So Ron asked us to consider the offer and left. The door had barely shut and Carol was excitedly babbling away.
Carol also had a bunch of questions for Ron, and much like me, thought it was premature to get into details. One thing that seemed to be a factor for Carol was the one hundred dollars she'd earn. I was thinking that we surely could have used the money, but in consideration of some many other ramifications, that was a minor detail.
While we were having this discussion, I was loading the disk, and bringing up the photos. That stopped that conversation! Like the other photos, all were excellent and Carol looked so beautiful and sexy. And yes, very sexy.
A lot of the artsy pictures showed a bit of Carol's prominent pussy lips even with her legs together. But the ones she described by the pedestal were mind blowing. Not only that just her pussy was open and lips moist and aglow, but the composition and lighting were fantastic!
Those upward shots not only showed Carol's luscious exposed bald pussy from beneath, but her large, full tits and beautiful smiling face looking down into the camera. Perfect. I had a raging hardon looking at my wife's pictures, and Carol was very happy with them herself. I really needed some sexual relief, but felt we needed talk about Ron's offer.
I asked Carol how she felt about a photo session with a group of photographers. Carol said she wasn't so sure about being photographed by a group of men, but she'd do another session with just Ron in a heartbeat, as long as I was nearby to satisfy her sexual desires afterward!
That did it for me, I had to have Carol right there and then. I grabbed her arm and we raced to the bedroom, clothes flying off along the way. After thirty seconds of foreplay and I was pounding away at her sopping wet pussy. We collapsed in a heap after intense orgasms, hot, sweaty and panting. Still catching her breath, Carol looked in my eyes and asked me if I thought she might enjoy being photographed by Ron's Photography club.