A whirlwind of an adventure
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
I arrived in China to help find suitable places to film the story of Tang Sanzang, also known as 'Journey into the West'. Knowing how difficult it is to learn Chinese; I hired a former language teacher to be my translator, and to teach me the language. While she was skeptical, she agreed to try. Gong Huan told me her name meant 'to give joy'. She was rather surprised at how fast I was learning the language.
The first few locations were easily found, as the story described real places. When the story goes outside the civilized area, the places are fantastical. For this, I sought out places that looked very strange or very beautiful. I also wanted some in mountainous terrain. The Buddhist temples at Fanjingshan were suggested as an otherworldly site. The online information looked good, but we needed permission to shoot there, and to also have a battle. That would require a visit, and talking with the monks.
We arrived in the area, and I booked the fancy tour for both of us. It would take over a week, but would cover a number of the temples close by. I looked forward to seeing the Temple of Buddha and the adjacent Maitreya Temple. These temples were the highest, and were at the summit, separated by a great chasm. There were nearly nine thousand steps to get to them. When I got there, I thought they were very pretty, but ill-suited to a battle scene. The Cheng'en Temple, lower down the same mountain, was much better suited.
Once the tour was over, I went back to the Cheng'en Temple. While my ability was limited, I spoke directly to the monks to state my request and ask their permission.
In Chinese, with the assistance of Gong Huan, I asked, "Master Li, I am here from Hollywood. I want to make a movie of the tale of Tang Sanzang's 'Journey into the West'. This mountain would be a great location for a battle. This temple, has plenty of flat areas that would be a suitable battlefield. Is this possible?"
He replied, "Ms. Tate, while we have on rare occasions had fighting here, it has been by monks who have been blessed by the mountain. I do not see an outsider being so blessed. The taking of pictures, is not an issue if the ones who do so are respectful, and participate in a daily cleansing ritual."
"Is this blessing something I can achieve?"
"You can if you are truly worthy, and if the mountain accepts you."
"How can I prove my worthiness?"
"First, you must climb all the stairs, from the bottom to the top, without rest or stopping. Next, you must show knowledge of the art by performing a series of taolu. Last will be a test of strength. If you pass all three, you, alone, will be allowed to fight. If another wishes to fight, they must pass this test also."
"When might I undertake the test?"
"Any time. Technology is wonderful. We will give you a necklace at the bottom, and it will transmit your vitals, and location. The helper who gave you the necklace will call us, and we will monitor your trip. We will also use a telescope to observe you as you climb. There will be another helper at the top who will take the necklace and return it to us. If you succeed, the next day, you may come, and a monk will name various taolu, and see how well you perform them. If you pass that test, you will be allowed further into the temple, where your strength will be tested. That will determine if you may fight on the outside space, or also the inside space, and also how long you may fight."
"Are there any here that are allowed to fight?"
"Yes, several. Why do you ask?"
"I think some of my people might be able to pass this test, but most will not. If we are to have a great fight scene, more fighters would be better. If any of your fighters wanted to help us have a great fight, we would be appreciative. This includes money, which they could use as they desire, and also the temple would be given some for giving us the privilege of filming."
"We welcome the money the tourists provide, as it helps maintain the temple. We have some work that needs to be done that such a payment would no doubt cover. But you must pass the tests and prove yourself acceptable first."
"The day is still young. May I begin climbing today?"
"It will be dark by the time you get back."
"I am willing, even so."
"Then you may. Wait here." The monk left, and a few minutes later returned with a young man in tow.
"Hello, lady. I am to take you to the bottom of the stairs."
We took our leave to begin our journey. We had covered about half the distance when we came to the cable car station. There, the helper said, "We can save time if we take the car down."
"Will that affect my test?"
"No. Your test starts when I call them at the bottom. Don't try to cheat, as they can see enough to tell."
"Then let us take the easy way down and save time." I paid his fare, round trip, and mine just down. We arrived, and exited the lower station.
"Here, please put this necklace on. I don't think I can reach that high."
Rather than take the necklace, I got on my knees and sat down. He then placed the necklace on me and switched it on. He then made a call, and spoke too rapidly for me to follow.
"I have told them to begin. When you get to the top, look for a young man in a green windbreaker. He will come to you and ask for the necklace."
I thanked him, and began my journey. I made good time, as my size tended to open a path for me. It was a lot of work, but my air blessing meant I had no trouble with the altitude. My usual exercise routine meant I did not tire from this amount of work. So I arrived at the top before I was expected. Not seeing the described windbreaker, I looked in the initial small temple. Looking about again, I didn't see anyone, so I crossed the bridge over the crevasse to look in the other temple. It was when I was crossing back that I saw him. When I walked in front of him, he was startled.
"Where did you come from?"
"I was just in the far temple looking for you."
"I'm supposed to get your necklace."
I again got on my knees and sat to let him take it. He told me I could return, but to hurry, as it was getting dark soon. I got up and began my descent. I got back to the Cheng'en Temple just at dusk. They told me my translator would be back in the morning, but I would stay the night. I thanked them for the hospitality. I inquired if I had time to grab a bite to eat at the nearby food stand. They told me I would eat with them, as that would let them ask about me in a less formal setting.
Dinner was simple, but excellent. Then the others noticed how quickly my plate was empty, they asked if I would like more. I told them I usually ate twice as much or more of what regular people ate because of my size and metabolism. I told them I would love to have more, but did not wish to put them out. Especially as I could easily get more food in the morning from the local food stands. The cook must have liked me, as they gave me two more full meals. After finishing, I thanked them for their generosity.
Next, they took me to a chamber kept for visiting monks. There was a mat on the floor, and a wide stone for a pillow. There was no door, so I asked what the usual routine was. They told me I was expected to lie down and sleep. In the morning, they would wake me. I thanked them and lay down, getting as comfortable as I could on a short mat and hard pillow. It was not that comfortable, so after half an hour, I meditated on the Everest talisman, thinking about being comfortable on this simple bed. Five minutes later, the discomfort went away, and I could get to sleep. When they came for me in the morning, they found me doing one-handed push-ups.
"Did you sleep well?"
"I needed to meditate a bit at first, but soon got to sleep. I usually wake at dawn, or before, and do light exercise."
"Interesting. Come, it is time for breakfast, and your translator will come soon."
Breakfast was also simple, yet I was served a triple portion. I quietly thanked them, and ate in silence, as did the others. After breakfast, we left the private area, and I met my translator. She had brought a change of clothes. I thanked her, and soon changed.
I was brought to the courtyard, where three elder monks quizzed me about Wushu, better known to the west as Chinese Martial Arts. They would name a taolu, and I would perform it slowly. After a few minutes, they asked why I was so slow. I told them I did it, so they could see my accuracy. I asked if they would also like to see it full speed. For the rest of this testing, I did I slow to show I knew it, and then fast to show my skill. When it was lunchtime, they called a halt, and invited both of us to eat lunch. As expected, it was simple yet good.
One of the elders said, "Young lady, I am surprised you chose to study Wushu and not Karate. It is not often Westerners choose our country's art over Japan's."
"I regret to inform you, Master, but I am actually more proficient in that art. I felt it would show more respect to be tested in the art of your home."
"You have mastered two arts?"
"No, Master, I have mastered five. I also teach them, and show other actors, how to look like they know what they are doing when a role requires it."
"How do you plan to fight in this film?"
"I will be playing The Monkey King, with the twist of being female. As he is of Chinese origin, I will fight in Chinese style, Wushu."
"Most interesting. Tell us more of your role."
I spent the rest of lunch describing my thoughts on the role, but with the caveat that it is the director's decision, not mine, that he has the final say. After lunch, they tested my Karate, but not as extensively. They broke after only an hour. I was told to meditate, while they discussed my skill, and if I was qualified to take the test of strength.
"We have decided you are qualified. While the idea of a Monkey Queen is unsettling, we realize this will happen no matter what we think. Also, you have shown yourself worthy in other ways, so you may proceed to the test of strength. Come with us."
I followed them, although my translator was held back. They led the way to the back of the temple, and behind a large double door was a tunnel carved into the mountain. We walked over half a mile until it opened up into a secret room. There, I beheld a series of spherical rocks to one side on the sand-covered floor. I counted twelve stone balls, of increasing size, and four copper ones, of increasing size. Around the walls were reliefs of several ancients, and even the ceiling had a relief of a dragon.
"Here is the test. It is simple enough. Pick up the smallest ball and carry it to the other side, then repeat with the next smallest. When you cannot pick up a ball, the test ends. You will have sufficient time to try when it gets hard. Each ball is twice the weight of the one just smaller than it, so each lift will double the amount you can pick up. Of those outsiders who have tried, they usually can lift from seven to nine balls, but no more. This allows them to fight on the outside patio for a time. It is extremely rare for someone to lift the tenth ball. But if they do, they are allowed to fight in the inner courtyard. Just as the balls double in weight, they grant double the time of the one before, except for the tenth, which grants location and not time."
"What is the most anyone has ever carried?"
"Of the monks, eleven, but he was blessed by the power of the earth."
"What is this power?"
"He was so in harmony with this mountain, that he was able to summon forth the strength of the very mountain to lift the ball. Over the centuries, we have had a visitor, or two, who was not human, and did more. Only one creature lifted the last one. You see his countenance above you."
"A dragon? It would be most interesting to meet such a being. I imagine they could teach a lot."
"They can, if they wish. Finding one is extremely difficult. Convincing it to teach you is just as difficult. Enough talk, it is time for doing. Let us see what you are made of."
I began with the smallest, and carried from one side to the other, then went back for the next. After I carried six over, I switched to a two-handed hold, as they were getting wide enough that I wanted the stability. On the eleventh, I was unable to pick it up.
"You say monks who are blessed by the mountain can summon strength?"
"Yes, why?"
"Because, I have been so blessed. But I have never done this before."
"Later, you must tell the tale. Please, try to summon the strength."
I stood beside the ball, and began to meditate, desiring the strength of the mountain. I began to feel something, and then it seemed to click. Placing my hands under it, I lifted it, and carried it over.
"That is heavy. I don't know if I can do the next one, but I have another trick up my sleeve."
I continued holding the strength of the mountain, but also gained the weight of pumice. This should gain me about a hundred-fifty pounds I might carry, since my body would weigh less. When I was ready, I tried the twelfth, it felt just outside my range. I used a Ki shout to pump adrenaline and used it to make those last few pounds. That was the quickest carry, as I felt my strength was about to give up.
"I need a rest. I think I am at my limit."
"You may rest for five minutes, then you must try or finish."
I lay on the floor for three minutes when I had an epiphany. Maybe I could lend the next ball I was about to move, the weight of pumice? I would have to be holding it, as that seemed the most likely. With this inspiration, I stood back up early.
I walked over to the first copper ball, and put my arms around it as though I was about to lift it, then I instead called forth the pumice weight and pushed it into the ball. When I felt I had achieved this, I lifted. The monks were surprised, but aside from their indrawn breaths, they were silent. I carried this over, and went for the next ball. Still in this state, I carried it and the next one over, as well.
For the last ball, even this was not enough, so I added the strength of the mountain. That was enough. I carried it over, set it down and released my mountain blessings. I then sat down next to it and leaned back.
"That was hard. I need rest."
"Take as much time as you need. Your miraculous feat of strength has earned it, and more."
"More?"
"Yes. You may fight within or without this temple as often and as long as you desire, without limit. The only other to move these balls was the one who founded this temple."
"You mean the dragon?"
"Yes. Rest now, while we move these back for the next person we test."
"Why? They are all on one side. It will be easy to see which have moved."
"... You are wise. We, in our habit, would have done hard work that is not needed. Thank you. We shall meditate on this while you rest."
I decided fifteen minutes was sufficient for now. When I got up and walked out, they got up, bowed, and followed me. My translator and I took our leave and went to our next destination.
Two months later, I was back with the film crew. I had already alerted the producer of the requirements of testing that the cast needed to pass. She, in turn, had the fighting cast do some strength training to prepare. The advance team had already hired over a dozen monks for the fighting scenes. The first day was spent getting the monks to learn their roles, and setting up a big green screen to one side of the outside fighting area. Since the stone-tile floors were the same outside and in the courtyard, this would allow us to seem like all the fighting was in the courtyard. Only the close-ups and boss fight would be in the courtyard. I offered to tell my story of the mountain's blessing. The monks invited me to dinner to tell it.
The monks put forth a monk named Jiao-long as the boss we had to fight. We had a short sparring match, so I could see the level of his skill. I was surprised to find he was better than I. We decided on a longer fight in the courtyard, with a lot of acrobatics by me, as Monkey. We also felt we didn't need as many rehearsals, as we both could remember various sequences. He was to be the Yaogui in charge here, and the one behind the kidnapping of Tang Sanzang, the holy man we followed. There were five other monks that would also fight in the courtyard, as lesser demons.
The first day of shooting, all the monks were made up as lesser demons, and there was a great brawl on the outer pavement. I was made up as Sun Wukong (Monkey), with Zhu Bajie (Pigsy) and Sha Wujing (Sandy) at my side. We plowed through the minions, and didn't need any reshoots. The next day, four monks were made up as mid-level demons, and one as the greater demon. That day's filming had two mid-level demons fighting Pigsy and two fighting Sandy. The fight took less than thirty minutes. While my co-stars retired, the four lesser demons had their makeup changed to appear as though they were different mid-level demons. I then fought them four on one, and used my acrobatic flips to jump over them, which surprised all the monks and a number of our own crew. I used the mountain strength I had learned to make the jumps even higher. In the end, per the script, I defeated the lesser demons, and I faced the greater one.
The battle with the monk, Jiao-long, was different. It was clear to any knowledgeable martial artist that we were near-equals. But after an hour of fighting, I got the upper hand by the script. The second half of the fight was somewhat off script, as it was faster than it was supposed to be, and Jiao-long stopped pulling his punches. As we had already spoken of this, I was okay with it, as it meant I also would not pull my punches, and the fight would thus be more real. Our throws would send the other flying farther, and the final opening he made was not easily seen by the camera. In the end, I finished him off by a mighty leap where I landed on his shoulders and drove him into the ground.
The following scenes, where we interrogate the demons, and rescue our holy man, were shot immediately after the fight. We did take a quick break to refresh our makeup. When the director indicated we were done for the day, everyone got their makeup washed off. Jiao-long came up to me and congratulated me on a good sparring match. He asked if I was up for a private match where we could show our stuff. I agreed, but asked for a break for dinner. He offered dinner at the temple, so I went with him, telling the others I would see them the next day.
Dinner was as before, simple and good. There was a lot of discussion about today's activities, and Jiao-long and I were the main topic. Afterwards, Jiao-long took me to his room, or so he said. We entered a room, and there was a mural of a lake scene on the far wall. Unlike other rooms, this one had a door, actually, a double door. When he closed them, he stood beside me looking at the mural, and he clapped his hands. Suddenly, the mural became real, and I could even feel a breeze that smelled of the lake. There was no way this was on the mountain. I turned around, and saw the doorway was no longer there. Instead, there was a mural of it.
"It seems we are no longer at the temple, and that you are no ordinary monk."
"True. Shall we spar?"
"Gladly. What are the bounds, or limits?"
We walked out towards the lake, and he said, "The bounds are to stay near the lake. No hiding to avoid me, but you must do your best. Show me all you have. In turn, I shall do the same. But this is a sparring match, so no lethal attacks."
"Very well." I placed my purse on the ground. "I am ready."
As I said that, he attacked, and I went flying. He hit far harder than I expected, so even before I stood back up, I summoned the mountain's abilities to harden my skin and to have more weight. This would make it harder for him to shove me around. I also summoned the mountain strength. Getting back up, I rushed him, to return the favor. He allowed it, but its effect was much less than I expected.
Clearly, he had held a lot back. Several times, I had to increase my weight, eventually settling on gold's weight before I felt I had enough to handle his strength. I tried all the martial art forms I knew, and while the transitions put him off for a few moments, he handled them all. He also changed forms, and I was placed in the same position, but fared worse than he did. We briefly broke after an hour.
"You have done well, but you still hold back."
"I know how to summon weapons, but the blunt ones would not be any different than my own hands, and the sharp ones are difficult to keep from being lethal."
"I am tougher than you know. Observe." Suddenly, his form blurred and changed, revealing the form of a dragon. "I am Hugeng, and this is my true home. My scales are as armor, and my claws are sharp. Engage."
I was stunned, but fortunately, the first strike of his claws barely scratched my hardened skin. My clothes, however, suffered greatly. This galvanized me into summoning a pair of obsidian daggers, and I closed to attack him. I first tried to slice across his hide with a shallow sweep. While the first two scales were damaged, the blade shattered. I realized the scales truly were armor, so I switched hands on the other dagger and tried plunging it in. it penetrated the scale, but did not seem to do much to him. Meanwhile, I had to deflect another of his claws, which sent me flying.
While I was still in the air, I summoned a sword, both thicker and longer than the dagger. I landed on my feet, and immediately closed. I used the dagger to keep the claws away, and used the sword to attack his body. I was still worried.
"Are you sure you can withstand these blades without significant damage?"
"You are a puny human. Even with excellent blades like this, it will take a while for you to do much harm to me. Now try even harder."
When I saw the sword barely affect him, I decided I needed to pull out the big guns. So, I called upon An's power to summon a large thunderstorm. As I waited for it to form, I continued to attack. I am not sure if he was paying attention to the weather, but I sure was. Once I heard the first lightning bolt strike, I bent my will to have one strike him. By this time, my wardrobe was completely destroyed, and I was covered in scratches, and a few deep punctures. My nipples started to spark. The damage was enough for me to feel significantly hurt, but my focus managed to get a bolt to strike him.
He broke off and said, "You sent that bolt?"
"Yes."
"Then this fight is done. You have shown your power." The dragon then reverted to human form and bowed. I returned the bow and dismissed my weapons and the storm.
I sat down on the grass, and proceeded to apply Inanna's gift of healing to deal with the worst wounds. When I felt good enough, I stood, and asked, "How are you? I can see blood on your clothes."
"I am worse off than I had expected to be, but by no means am I truly injured. By the morning, I shall be healed."
"I, as well, but I expect to be quite hungry, as healing needs food."
"Then follow me. I have a report to give, and you have earned a reward."
I quickly fetched my purse, laying not far away, and then walked beside him. "You must report? To whom?"
"When you moved those copper weights, you came to the attention of the celestial bureaucracy. I was tasked with evaluating you, and letting them know, as I am the one who founded the temple."
"I know the balls were heavy, but the strength you showed today could easily move the balls without any aid, whereas I needed to make full use of the mountain's power."
"Yes, about that, I am surprised the Fanjingshan mountain gave you its power."
"I did not gain power from it."
"They allowed another mountain to give you power? That truly is amazing. From which one did you gain your power?"
"I climbed the tallest mountain on land, Everest, and it chose to grant me power."
"I see. Fanjingshan would allow the power of the king of the mountains. And those weapons? More of Everest's power?"
"Yes. In ordinary life, I have little need for weapons. My skill at unarmed combat is usually enough. But I know I might meet my better, such as you proved to be, and that I should be prepared. That is why I could summon well-formed and strong weapons. They can easily shatter, but they cut quite well."
Dryly, he said, "I noticed."
"Sorry about that."
"It's okay, I did ask for it, and I will recover soon enough."
We had stopped just outside a small shrine-like building. I had to duck to enter, but I am used to that. Inside, however, was no shrine, but the celestial palace. Looking behind me, I saw the same shrine. Apparently, it was a gateway of some type. It did not take long for others to notice us. Hugeng called out to a minor worker, sending him for a cloak. He called another to send word to the functionary he had to report to. The cloak came quickly, and I put it on. While it covered me sufficiently, it only came down to mid-thigh, when it would have grazed the ground on a normal woman. I thanked the worker for the cloak.
Hugeng took me to his quarters, and offered me the bath. When I finished my bath, I came out and found a trio of workers waiting for me.
"Becky Sue, I am responsible for your lack of clothes. These ladies are here to provide you with some clothes to wear while you are here."
The lead woman said, "Hugeng, how are we to mark this human's clothes?"
"She is a great warrior, good enough to give me pause, and a priestess."
"Very well, a warrior's outfit." She directed her aides, who brought out suitable supplies. "Madam, let us begin." So I dropped the towel, leaving me just in shoes. "Oh, my! You have four breasts! Are you even human?"
"I am, but the extra came forth because I willed them to, very strongly, just as I also willed my height." The ladies mumbled understanding, and quickly began their work, occasionally moving my limbs, as they measured.
"Hugeng, how did you know I was a priestess?"
"Your spiritual presence is quite strong. The likelihood of not being a priestess was negligible. But it was still a guess."
The ladies got my attention. "You are a priestess? What manner of outfit is appropriate?"
I replied, "Queen Inanna's priestesses either wear fancy dresses, or nothing, as the circumstance warrants."
"You wear nothing?"
"When we are hosting or officially attending an orgy, we wear lots of jewels, but no clothes. Shoes may be worn. Given you're upset, I don't think that would be appropriate here."
"It would not be, in public. What you do in private," she glanced at Hugeng, "is your business."
"Then make me a fancy Qipao. Make the side slits high enough to allow me to kick high. The material should be soft and light, but the pattern should indicate I am a warrior, as well. I can wear a pair of daggers strapped to my legs. If you can find a way to highlight my breasts, it would be appreciated."
"I understand. I think we can do that." She proceeded to order her ladies about, and the three of them swiftly created my Qipao. Hugeng just watched, as they did their work.
An hour later, they packed up. The leader said, "You now have a Qipao, and we will go now and make you two fancier ones for your stay. We will be back tomorrow for the finishing touches on all of them."
"Thank you for your fast and beautiful work." I then bowed to her. She was clearly surprised, but bowed back, then motioned to her ladies and left.
I asked, "What is next tonight?"
"Next, we go to sleep, even though I am curious about your queen. Tomorrow will be a big day for us both." He then led me to my room.
"Would you like to have sex with me? I could tell you about her, and it would be a suitable time, as well."
"I am a dragon, not a human."
"Yet, you currently are in human form. Do you not feel sexual desires?"
"I do, but dragons take no chance at leaving a half-dragon child behind."
"Then fear not. After my eighth child, I had my ovaries removed. I cannot get pregnant."
"Eight children? You do not appear old enough or experienced enough."
"Yet, I am. So, shall I explain while we have sex?"
"... Yes. It is a rare thing to have sex without worrying about having a child."
"Then join me." I removed the Qipao, and placed it, folded, on a bedside table, and then lay down. His clothing just disappeared, and naked, he lay next to me. When I looked down, I saw his dick was long and massive, and it was only just starting to get hard. Clearly, the legendary virility of dragons applied to him. While he took care when he entered me, I knew that his girth was not an issue, as I had taken such size before. The thirteen-inch length would be okay, because An's fifteen taught me I could handle a maximum of fourteen. Still, opening up wide enough for him took some effort and lubrication.
It was clear he was enjoying it, as he was going quite hard at me. In self-defense, I invoked the mountain's power to make my body more resilient. I don't think he noticed it; especially, as I encouraged him to let loose. As we built up, I told him of Inanna, and how she is a warrior and courtesan. When he came, that triggered me. I was surprised at how much semen he produced, about three times more than most men.
He said, "Your pussy is crushing my dick."
When I came to my senses, and processed that, I said, "Sorry, I invoked the mountain's power to make my body better able to handle your strength. Is it a problem, or more just unexpected?"
"The latter. But still, wow. You take your priestly duties seriously."
"Indeed, while I have native talent, she has honed it to near perfection. Another round?"
"Not for a while. I need to recover."
"Then how about I lay on you, so you can eat me out while I deepthroat you."
"You are full of surprises. Go for it." Soon, I was on top and inverted. Even as I started licking him clean, he was beginning to lick me clean, as well. Then I got a surprise.
"Woah! I wasn't expecting that. You have a long, forked tongue." He replied with a sound and nodding, but didn't stop eating me out. "Well, you have shown me yours, let me show you mine." With that, I extended my tongue and enwrapped his semi-hard dick.
"Urp! What are you doing?" I just lifted up to let him see my lips on the head of his dick, but my tongue wrapped around it and tickled his balls. "That's your tongue?" I answered him as he answered me. "Oh, my. You are unique. I think this is going to be a long night."
I lay back down, and briefly returned my tongue, so I could say, "Sounds fun. Keep eating me out, while I deal with your big, thick, dick." I then began deepthroating him. I used lots of suction, and I pulsed my tongue to massage his dick into hardening and eventually coming in my mouth. When he blew, I was hard-pressed to swallow it all. I kept just enough to turn around and show my skill. I then swallowed the last of it. The next time, I sat on his dick and bounced up and down while he played with my breasts. He used his forked tongue to lick an upper nipple, so I used my long tongue to lick the other.
After the third time he came, he said, "Woman, have you no limit? You have worn me out."
"Then I have done well. Shall we sleep? I have no objection to company."
In response, he just closed his eyes. I joined him in sleep, or would have.
"It seems you keep interesting company these days."
"Queen Inanna, he asked me to spar, and afterwards, he brought me here. I offered my body, and he accepted."
"Yes, I felt the surge as his seed entered you. Such as they do not join humans very often. You must have impressed him."
"He said I was a good enough warrior to give him pause." I then brought to mind our combat, ending with the lightning.
"Glass weapons will break, but while they last, they are sharper than metal. But calling lightning, that is not something I expected."
"An was also impressed with my weather abilities. I started, and then later stopped, a massive tornado. I tried controlling lightning then. Later, I blunted a hurricane, saving many lives. I also learned that when I use a lot of his power, lightning tends to likes me."
"Likes you?"
"I was on a hotel balcony, well below the roof, and the hotel had excellent lightning protection, but a nearby bolt avoided the lightning rods and hit me in the chest. My nipples light up, sparking with its power. When I went in to begin my bath, the bolt left me to ground in the plumbing from over a foot away. That's a lot of power."
"Yes, I have seen the power of the sky. That you held it, is amazing. That you are able to call it, is likewise amazing. It makes me wonder what more will happen to you."
"I don't know, but my companion here mentioned I earned a reward. I have no idea what it might be, but I am sure it will be interesting."
"A reward from the Celestial Palace? Even the littlest thing will be remarkable. Sleep now, and heal."
"Goodnight, my Queen."
"Goodnight, daughter."
In the morning, I woke and saw Hugeng watching me. "Want more sex?"
"Yes, but today we have other duties. The ladies will be here in minutes, so be ready."
"I will." I then went to the bath, to quickly wash. As I did, I noticed there was no sign of injury from yesterday's battle. In fact, I seemed to have a rather healthy glow. As I exited, I heard the ladies, so rather than put on yesterday's outfit, I just walked naked to the main room.
There was a man with them. "Who is this vision of sex?"
Hugeng replied, "This is the woman I spoke of. Becky Sue Tate, warrior and priestess."
"She is human? But she is huge, and has four breasts."
"She is most human, but also blessed. Do not anger her; she is strong enough to give me pause."
"Ulp! But you're a dragon."
"Even so. Becky Sue, why don't you and the ladies go to your room, so you can get dressed?"
I nodded, and gestured to the ladies to follow me. They looked relieved to leave that conversation. Once in my room, they regained their confidence, and the leader presented me with two outfits. They had me put on yesterday's outfit to make some adjustments, then asked me to put on one of the new ones, so they could do the finishing touches. I quickly did, and felt it was good enough, but I knew better than to say so, and instead just said I was ready. They spent ten minutes, and made a few minor adjustments. Then they had me try the other one. A few adjustments were made, and they pronounced them finished. I bowed and thanked them. They returned the bow. They placed the other outfit they brought into a closet I had not known was there. They brought me to the main room, where the others were sitting. Bowing deeper to Hugeng, they left.
Hugeng stood and said, "Come here and turn around, so we can see."
Feeling playful, I did so, but used major hip action. And when I swirled around, I used a little power to make the dress swing a little more than it normally would.
"The ladies do good work, don't they?"
"They certainly do."
Hugeng then turned to the other man, and said, "Shall we go to the office? I don't want the administrator to be kept waiting."
"Quite so. Please follow me." It was clearly a command, and I took my cues from Hugeng. I soon found I was following him in a humble pose, being as quiet as I could be. The upside was that all the corridors had high ceilings and large doorways, so I did not have to duck.
Soon we were in the presence of the Administrator. "Hugeng, report."
"Sir, this is the woman of interest. I have tested her strength, and battle skill. Even though she is human, she has enough native strength to be the strongest in the land. She also has the blessing of the king of the mountains, and this allowed her to master the heaviest weight at the temple. Something we thought impossible. It is clear she knows how to use it at will, and in combat. She could easily take out a squad of palace guards if she was so inclined. She is also versed in the fighting skill of the Chinese, the Japanese, and some others.
"Something we did not know is that she is a priestess of some power. The Sumerian Goddess Inanna is both warrior and courtesan. Her priestess is highly skilled in both disciplines. She is also fearless, yet wise. She thinks before she acts, but can be deadly at need. Lastly, she is compassionate. She asked my permission before using edged weapons against me."
"Little good that did."
"Actually, I became concerned. She sliced through several scales, and stabbed me deeply. If she could fight hours, she might take me down. And given what I saw, I would not count on her giving up because she was tired."
"How did she get such weapons?"
"She summoned them forth directly from the earth."
"Most interesting. This Inanna must be powerful indeed."
"She is a Queen, but the power was not hers, but the King of the Mountains'."
"No mountain would do this."
"Yet one did. But that is not what caused me to end the battle."
"What did?"
"We began fighting without a cloud in the sky. She summoned forth a fierce storm, and then called lightning to do her bidding. That hurt. When the battle was over, she dismissed it."
"Woman. Does this Inanna give you this power for war?"
"No, lord. This power comes from the gift of An, the Sumerian King of the Gods. His domain is the sky, and he has made me his priestess as well."
"You serve two gods?"
"At times, but mostly Queen Inanna. I am not as close with An. My last patron, the King of the Mountains, has barely spoken with me."
"Hugeng, you are right. She is a powerful priestess. What of her ambition?"
"I have not yet seen it. She is happy as she is, and takes orders of others she could wipe out in an instant. She also helps others that need it."
"I see. You indicated she was worthy of a reward. Have you given any thought to this?"
"Yes. She is an artisan, portraying the Monkey King in the Journey into the West. They go to learn of the Tao. I felt the teaching of a portion of the art of the Tao would be both relevant and suitable to her current actions."
"Hmm... I approve. But also take a teacher of language. Her tongue is uncouth."
"I shall, Administrator. By your leave?" Hugeng bowed, so I did as well. We waited, and when Hugeng stood straight, I did, and we left. We traveled in silence for a long time before he said, "Her tongue is uncouth. And long. If he only knew."
"Hehe. But I appreciate his disapproval, as I noticed many words seemed different, and I had trouble following the conversation."
"That is because he chooses to use the language of the palace, even when dealing with outsiders. We go now to engage a tutor."
"I will enjoy learning the language, but the time I have been here worries me. The production company will worry, and if too long, it could cause problems."
"Do not be concerned. Once you leave the realm of Earth, time's hold on you is gone. When you return, it will be as though you were only gone for a moment. If we were unhappy with you, we would send you back as though time's hold never left. If we were angry, who knows when you would return?"
"I have felt time's hold on me before."
"Wow. You really get around."
"Hehe."
"Ah, here we are. We will find a tutor here." We went in, and a few minutes later came out. Hugeng had hired someone who would meet us by the lake. We went back to his quarters, and packed. When I opened the closet, I was surprised to find a pair of silk shoes. Suspecting I might find other things, I went through every drawer, cupboard, and closet I could find. I found some exquisite jewelry.
"Hugeng, I found some jewelry in my room. Do you know anything about it?"
"Hm, no. Let's take a look." I showed him. "Where did you find it?" I showed him. "I think the ladies provided it with the clothes. It matches the outfits, and before you came, that drawer was empty. So I think it goes with the clothes."
"Should I take it?"
"Yes."
When we went through the small temple back to the lake, we walked a mile to the east, to a hill overlooking the lake. Hugeng clapped, and the illusion disappeared.
"The first thing I will do is to teach you how to see my residence through the illusion." He clapped again, and it was a hill again. "The illusion is so good you can even climb it. So begin by using your spiritual sense to see."
Not only did I use the spiritual sense I developed under Inanna, but I also used the air sense from An, and the rock sense from Everest. I found that each of these saw different things, but they all showed me something was here. The rock sense was the clearest about the hidden structure, and the air sense gave me a feel how it affected the nearby air. But the spiritual sense was the most blurred. I described each of these to Hugeng, and he was impressed at how much I learned.
"That blurring is a shroud hiding what lies behind it. You need to see it as a separate thing, so that you can see beyond it."
"Let me try." I calmed my mind, and used my spiritual sense, but with the knowledge that there was something in front of what I sought. I recalled that Sumerian book of magic describing this situation, but for a magical sense. I tried the same techniques, but on a spiritual basis. I soon found the blur as a distinct field in the shape of the hill, and behind it the building my rock sense saw. I described this, and opened my eyes.
I still saw the hill. "Drat. The hill is still there. Give me a few moments." I focused on my eyes, willing them to see the truth within the hill, using my knowledge of the spiritual blockage to sight. "It is beginning to come through. I can see vague outlines of the building." I continued to will it, and even added in my rock knowledge. "Woah! That did the trick. I can now see both the hill and the building, and I know that both have their reality."
"That was quick. Can you walk the path into the building?"
I realized this was a test to see if I could choose the reality I walked in. So, I imagined myself walking on the path, and then started walking. When I came to the hill, I could feel the resistance as I passed through it, but it didn't stop me. Once I passed all the way beneath the hill, I stopped and turned around.
"Tada! I made it."
"You indeed have talent. Most who come here take weeks to achieve what you have done in minutes. Still, I could see your struggle. Each day, I want you to spend an hour passing in and out of the hill, and alternating with climbing up it. I want you to be able to choose your path on a whim. But enough for now, come inside, and I will show you your room."
It was clear this building was built with his dragon form in mind. The rooms were large, and the ceilings high. After putting my things away, he took me on a little tour. First with his house, then we circled the lake, and he showed me several buildings and natural features. At one point, something caught my eye.
"Hey, something glinted over there in the grass."
"Oh? Quite unlikely."
"Let me take a quick look." As I headed to where I saw the glint, I used my spirit sense to see if there was anything of note. There I saw not a glint, but a very soft and tiny glow. As I neared, it resolved into several even softer glows. It was tricky seeing with both my regular eyes and my spirit eyes, but I made do, and found the source of the glint. It was a piece of scale I had cut off during our fight. I picked it up and went to the next one. Several more times I picked a piece up, and finally I gave a careful look and saw no more. I returned to him.
"What did you find?"
"These." I held out my hands and showed the scales I picked up. He immediately recognized them.
Looking about, he said, "Yes, this is where we fought. Bring these back to the house, as they retain a tiny portion of my essence."
As we entered, he directed me to place scales into a jar on the bureau in my room. "What shall we do for the rest of the day?"
"I have no plans, but you can practice on the path sight."
"Hmm, that will take an hour, but what of the remaining time? Would you object if I did some exercise? And that lake looks wonderful. May I swim in it?"
"You are full of energy. Exercise will be fine. In fact, as the training from the language teacher and I will be focused on your mind, it is best you care for your body as well. As to swimming, know that it is a holy lake."
"Okay. I will not go in."
"Actually, you may, but first you must ritually cleanse yourself. I will teach you how, right now, and then I shall join you in the lake."
"Okay. I'll be right back." I quickly went to my room and undressed. I folded the Qipao and placed it on the bureau. Then I returned to Hugeng. "I am ready."
"Naked?"
"Why not. At my home, I usually swim naked, and I am not bothered by being naked. Besides, the only things to wear are those very nice clothes. Will it be a problem?"
"For you, I don't think so."
"But for you? Well, if that is the case, we can have sex later."
"Right. Moving on. The cleansing ritual. You must clear your mind of impure thoughts. You must have inner peace before you can enter it. Your mind must be in balance, or it will reject you. The more you push it, the harder it will reject you. I have even once seen it toss a stubborn soldier over twenty feet. Do you understand how to cleanse yourself?"
"Yes."
"The let's go swimming."
We both walked outside, and as I went, I meditated to rid myself of worries and to set my mind at peace. For the impurities, I thought about what I had recently done, and what Inanna would think of it. I came to the realization that she seemed to think I was doing what she wanted, as she rarely asked me to do anything, and often chatted about what I had done. She also often called me daughter, so I suspected she cared deeply for me. In that knowledge, I didn't even slow down as I came to the edge of the lake, but calmly walked in. I felt no barrier at all, so I began to swim in the lake. When I looked to see where he was, I saw him at the edge, leaning on nothing. I swam back to him and got out.
"What is the problem?"
"Impure thoughts."
"Anything I can help with?"
"They are about you, and last night."
"I take it you desire more of me?"
"Yes, but that is keeping me out. Why is it not keeping you out?"
"It is true I have lots of sexual thoughts, but for Inanna, they are not impure, but holy. I often have sex for her, and she chooses to let me be with whom I will. As for you, think not of what we shall do tonight, but rather the swimming we may do now. Focus on the competitions we shall have in the water. I shall wait for you on the far side." I then ran to the lake, jumped, and dove in. I surfaced fifty feet away, took a deep breath, and proceeded to swim underwater until I needed another breath. In this way, I crossed the lake. After a bit, I swam about this end of the lake, back and forth. I kept my spiritual sense out, so I would see him arrive. It took him nearly half an hour. I swam over to him, being sure to only have my head out of the water.
When I actually saw him, I almost didn't recognize him. Then I did. He was in dragon form. "Shall we compete in some way? Perhaps we can compete by diving, or seeing how fast we can swim, or some such?"
"In this form, I am too fast for you, but diving could be interesting. We could pretend we are treasure hunting."
"Then we need some treasure. Hold out your hands."
He gave me a quizzical look, but complied. I focused, and summoned a granite puzzle box with an open lid. His eyes got big.
I said, "Not finished. That is just to hold the treasure." Next, I summoned various small value gems to fill it with. Then I closed the lid. Once closed, I said, "Wait here, and look away from the lake. Try not to notice where I drop it." I swam towards the middle, but about a third to the left edge. I dropped it there and returned to the center before heading back to him.
"Now, without cheating, find where I dropped it. I will go with you, and when you say so, we will both dive and look for it."
"What do you mean cheating?"
"Don't use what you sensed as I placed it. Your knowledge of the lake is fair game, as are your senses. Let's begin." I was curious, and followed him, trying to figure out his plan. He surprised me by going below the surface, and let out a high-pitched chirp. That was soon followed by another, but at a different frequency. Sonar. I was impressed. When he suddenly dived, I was hard-pressed to follow. I used my spirit sense to see him, and I used my rock sense at a coarse level, so I could detect the bottom of the lake, but not any details. Turns out it wouldn't have mattered, as he passed me on his way back up, I sensed his happiness, and my brief touch of rock sense showed he carried something. So I followed him up.
I surfaced to see him smiling. When he felt me arrive, he turned to face me and lifted the chest out of the water.
"That was fun."
"I didn't know you had sonar."
"Some do, others do not. Those who live with water usually do."
"You want to drop it, and I find it?"
"Sure."
"I'll swim to shore, and when you are ready, call or get me." I had barely reached the shore when he was there.
"That was fast. Ready?"
"Go find it. I'll follow you this time."
I opened up my rock sense, and learned that he was sneaky. There were many rocks at the bottom of the lake, and he had moved many around. I could not use the little memory of the floor that I had to find it. So instead, I focused on what kind of rocks they were. Aha! I found them, hidden with some other granite rocks. But the gems did not match. I swam directly over it, grabbed a large breath, then instead of swimming down, I summoned the weight of gold to make me sink quickly. As I also made myself as streamlined as possible, I went down quickly. Just before I got to the floor, I released the excess weight. I then lifted the rocks off that lay atop the box. Grabbing it, I summoned the weight of pumice, and shot up. I helped by kicking my legs, but I don't think that added much. When I burst forth, I let all but a small amount of the pumice weight leave, keeping only enough for offsetting the box.
"Looks like you know a few tricks also."
"Yeah. In addition to sensing rocks, I can differentiate them. So finding jewels on the bottom wasn't so hard."
"Definitely useful for treasure hunting. I am curious how you went down and up so quickly."
"That is another aspect of the mountain's power. I can summon the properties of rock as well. I summoned the weight of gold, and I went down as fast as if I were made of gold. Likewise, I rose with the speed of pumice."
"Handy, that. And you can summon the rock itself, also."
"Yes. That took weeks of practice before I was able to shape it reliably, and longer to summon the purity of gems. I've had years since then to summon different jewels, and also jewelry. I'm still working on the natural or handmade appearance, but machine-made over-perfection I have achieved."
"Over-perfection?"
"Yes. Machines can turn out vast quantities of the same thing again and again. When they do, the items lose that personal, crafted touch, because they are often geometrically perfect, and their welds, their solder, or other joining is uniform, not crafted. Such items are valued less than crafted stuff. Likewise, mankind can make a number of gems artificially. So I had to learn how to place impurities into the gems I summon, so they are valued as dug from the Earth and not made in some lab."
"You say these detect as real? Not magically summoned?"
"I don't know. We don't have a way to detect that, as far as I know, so it has never come up. If you find out, I would love to know, but no need to worry about it. I use most of the wealth I summon on charity. My own job and investments mean I won't need to worry about having enough to live. Besides, explaining the mineral wealth I get, gets complicated. Explaining the mineral wealth that charities get is much easier, especially when you know gem dealers around the world who don't ask too many questions. I always do it through an intermediary, so they will not learn who I am."
"What if they capture your minion?"
"My minions don't even know what I look like, and will also identify me as a man."
"Ha! There is no way they could mistake your voice as a man's."
Smiling, I lowered my voice to my secret other identity, George Holt, and said, "Are you sure they would not? I worked hard to perfect my lower voice."
"Great balls of fire! You are chock-full of surprises."
Back in my normal voice, I said, "I felt my acting career was being too limited, so I created a male-actor costume, and worked to perfect my masculine mannerisms. When I sprung it on my agent, he had no clue. The only one who knows me better is my husband, and he helped me create the persona. With it, I began a second career, but in parts no one would consider me for, before. Eventually, I allowed the secret to escape, and it became an open secret within the industry. That I had perpetrated such a disguise impressed many. But it also offended a few. I felt it was worth it, as I got work that was far more varied ever since. I still do bit-parts as a man, because sometimes the story needs a man. Also, they love to spring me on those new to the business." I smiled at some memories of such surprises.
"I loved it when a new lady tried to get laid by me. Learning I was also a woman was a shock, but to then learn how talented I was with my tongue, was an even greater one. She left confused, but satisfied, as only having several orgasms will do."
"You are indeed naughty."
"Yet, I am also nice, because I leave them sated. If they want more sex with me, Inanna is happiest."
We continued to play for two hours before Hugeng said it was time for lunch. As I walked out of the lake, I called on An's power to dry me off. We entered, and I was surprised to see a small staff setting out lunch just outside his house. They were clearly surprised at my nakedness, as well.
"Your staff?"
"Yes... Hmm, I think you best get dressed."
"Very well." I just walked confidently past them to my room, where I got dressed and returned. The staff had finished, and only one stood by, should we have any request.
"There are several families that live nearby that serve me. In turn, I protect them, and support them."
"We, too, keep a staff at home. While the local police do the protecting, our taxes pay them. We also support our staff in our own way."
"You have that kind of wealth?"
"I portray a very popular character, which pays well. I also, am sought after because of my acting skills. My husband, though playing lesser parts, is also desired for his skill. Together, we make enough for ourselves, our future, and them. I have never needed to use my divine gifts to pay our way."
"Self-sufficiency is good."
"Speaking of which, if I am to be here more than a day or two, I will need suitable clothing to work out in. these fancy outfits are wonderful for official business, but not suitable for everyday use."
"Quite true. However, clothes in your size will not be easily found."
"That should not be an issue. I have been making my own clothes for a long time. If I have the cloth and tools, I can make my own outfits. If a given style is desired, a good picture or sample would be all I need. Likewise, shoes, the two pairs I have are not designed for rough use. Neither will last long, I suspect, if I wear them every day. I also can make shoes if I have leather."
Looking to the staff, Hugeng ordered cloth, leather, and tools to make clothes to be acquired and presented to me. The staff person nodded.
"You mentioned I should keep my body fit while you two train my mind. Running and swimming are good, and I can do weightlifting. But what would be even nicer is competition. Could we spar? Having a partner I can go all out on will help me get stronger, and also it is more fulfilling than solo exercise."
"Indeed, it is. While I can handle you well enough, you would keep me on my toes, especially with your sneaky tricks. Therefore, you will exercise your mind in the morning, and we will exercise your body in the afternoon."
We continued to speak about my schedule, what there was to do, and how things worked in his domain. I was surprised to learn that the lake also healed, and that it had a very strong spiritual presence. He told me that its strength was spread across the entire lake, so it seemed very weak in any part, but as a whole, it was great. After lunch, we went out to spar.
When we were far enough from the house, I called a stop.
"Why stop here?"
"I don't want my clothes to be ruined." I summoned a tall stone table with thick sides at the top. I undressed and folded my clothes and put them on it, and also my shoes. I summoned the mountain's power for density, hardness, and strength. "There. We are far enough away; my nakedness won't be an issue for your staff. Let us continue."
He mumbled, "Not for the staff, but perhaps for me." I started to sway my hips and emphasize my femininity.
We walked a bit more, when he said he was ready. I replied I was ready, as well. I stopped teasing him with my body, and we began with simple warm-up sparring. Then, we went faster and harder.
Finally, he said, "Go full out, and see how long you last."
Having heard his comment the other day about needing hours, I decided I would see if I could summon endurance from the mountain. I did my best, but he was clearly better. He was also stronger, but I nearly matched his fighting speed. After two hours at this level, I decided the mountain had supplied endurance, as I didn't feel as tired as I thought I should feel. I also felt it was time to up my game, maybe. It depended on me pulling off a novel idea.
What I had in mind, was summoning An's power into me, not as an attack, but as an augmentation. Lightning is electricity, and nerves send electrical impulses. So I tried to summon An's power as lightning nerves. The idea was to speed up my nervous system, so I could control my muscles faster and thus become faster than him. It worked, but after a few moments, Hugeng called a stop.
"What happened?" I asked.
"Your body. Glowing lines suddenly appeared."
I looked down at myself, realized what was happening, smiled and said, "Wow. That's an impressive sight."
"Why are you smiling?"
"Because I just did something I wasn't sure would work."
"And that is?"
"I summoned An's power to make my nerves fast like lightning. Apparently, they glow like lightning, as well. Let's resume and see how well you deal with someone who, at least for now, is faster."
"This should prove interesting. Okay. Resume." Immediately he attacked, hoping to catch me off guard, but I expected it. After the third hour, he called another stop.
"It is time to slow down. Dinner will happen soon."
"Okay. It seems I am faster with this augmentation than you in human form. May I see your speed in dragon form? Perhaps a quick run around the lake?"
"You have me curious. I am much faster in dragon form, but how much faster are you? Let's find out." He changed to dragon form, and said, "One, two, three." On three, he started running, so I ran to follow him. I quickly felt like I was going maybe twice as fast as normal, but he was clearly the faster. As the run was nearly four miles around, by the time I was halfway, he was nearly finished. Not wanting to lose, I decided to teleport across the lake.
The next moment, I was there, and I saw him coming at me. At the same time, he saw me and looked quite surprised. In another minute, he finally came to me and stopped, breathing quickly. My own labored breath had already settled.
"How did you get here so fast? Last time I looked, you were only about halfway around the lake."
"Remember I told you I was also An's priestess? Well, a sky priestess can in effect teleport by transforming briefly into lightning. Boom, here I am."
He looked stunned, and then started laughing. When he calmed down, he said, "I should have seen it. Your desire to compete pushes you to reveal more and more. I suspect you could take out more than a squad of palace guards."
"I have no wish to ever need to, but yeah, I can be competitive. It was my childhood desire to be the strongest warrior I knew, and I worked all my life to become that. So when I meet one stronger, I work harder. But there will be a price to pay."
"Oh? And that is?"
"I don't know how wiped I'll be when I release these summoned powers. Let's get back to your place before I release them."
"Good idea."
"I'll get dressed on the way." We stopped briefly to allow me to dress, and then I dismissed the table. When we got nearer, I went behind him, telling him I was hiding the glow from his staff's sight while I could. At fifty feet away, I asked him to stop, so I could release An's power. I would look normal, but if I collapsed, I wouldn't be far from rest. He nodded, so I released the lightning. I felt a twinge of weakness, but it did not seem much. I signaled him to continue.
When I was about to sit, I released the weight and hardness, leaving the endurance. Again, I felt twinges of weakness. I waited until I had drunk some and ate a little before I released the last. A huge wave of weakness hit, but I did my best to hide it, but he noticed.
"I overdid it, and feel a bit weak. I'm sure it will pass."
"Let me know."
We ate in silence. The food restored my energy enough, that when the meal ended, I was merely tired as though from a good workout. After dinner, we relaxed by a fireplace, and we discussed our sparring, and picked it apart. While at times I was embarrassed at the brutal accuracy of his observations, it just made me want to do better. It had been dark for an hour when we finished. He put out the fire, and in the starlight, he led the way to the bedrooms.
At my bedroom, he stopped and said, "Get a good night's rest."
"Wait. You have suffered all day seeing my naked body. Come join me for sex and relieve your tensions."
"But you were so weakened."
"As I said, and thought, it has passed. I am merely tired, as though from a good exercise session. My husband and I would often have sex after. Other muscles are used, after all. Ones that are not so tired." I undressed and tossed my clothes on a chair, and then turned away and walked to my bed, walking very provocatively. Lying down on my back, I called, "Come," and opened my legs wide. It was enough. He followed. Once again, I summoned strength and durability, we had sex. He needed no encouragement this time. However, we chose to sleep once we came.
When I woke, he was gone. I dressed in the other outfit, and folded yesterday's. I went to where we ate, and I found a servant there.
"My lady, the Master has business elsewhere, and bids you eat. Please sit." I did. Shortly, I was served, and ate.
I got up and said, "When the Master asks, please inform him I am outside practicing with the hill."
"My lady?"
"He has asked me to learn how to enter or climb the hill."
"Ah, I see. He shall be informed."
"Thank you." I then left and followed the path until I felt myself pass through the hill. I had been at it for half an hour when I saw someone come. As he came near, he seemed to be looking for something. Finally, he stopped looking, and came to me.
"Young lady, do you know where Lord Hugeng's residence is? I was told to come to this hill, but I don't see it."
"Ancient, one, his place is hidden by an illusion. May I take a message? I can go past the illusion."
"There is no illusion here."
"Permit me to show you." I fixed my mind on the path of reality, and walked backwards. I felt the illusion rise up and when it got to my waist, I said, "See?" I then walked back to him.
"Most distressing. My task is with a lady staying with him."
"Are you a teacher of language?"
"Yes, why?"
"I think you are here to teach me. I am Becky Sue Tate, and Lord Hugeng was told to see to my learning the language properly. Apparently, the one who taught me did not know the proper forms, leaving my speech uncouth."
"You are right. I am here to teach you. But how do I enter?"
Summoning a stone bench behind him, I said, "I don't know. Please, sit, and I shall go and see if I can find out."
"Where shall I sit?"
"Turn around."
"That wasn't here a moment ago."
"Much here is not ordinary. Please relax while I go."
"Very well." He sat.
I entered the hill, and once fully inside the illusion, I rushed to the building and entered. Quickly, I located someone, and asked, "Has the Master returned yet?"
"No, my lady."
"We have a visitor, who does not know how to enter. Can we bring suitable furniture for him or somehow bring him within?"
"Is he expected?"
"Yes, he is a teacher here for me."
"I see. Then all you need to do is hold his hand and will that both enter."
"Thank you. Please set a place for us for the teaching, and also refreshments. He is an ancient one. Oh, and also lead us, as I don't know where you would normally do this."
"Yes, my lady. It shall be done."
"Thank you." I then rushed out, but slowed as the illusion began to reach my head.
I walked out stately, and said, "I am new here, and still learning its ways. I have been instructed how to bring another in. Will you please hold my hand?"
He stood, and took my offered hand. I then concentrated on both of us entering. Slowly, not just for him, I walked forward, making sure we both entered.
"I can feel something resisting my footsteps."
"I do as well. I am still learning how to pass this illusion. Please, keep walking." When I felt the illusion clear my head, I stopped and released his hand.
"Behold, what the illusion hides, is revealed."
"It is larger than I expected."
"Let us go in. A place has been prepared." We walked side by side and were met.
The servant bowed, and said, "Please follow me." We did, and he led us to a room I had not yet been in. There he invited us to sit, and asked if we would like some refreshment.
The ancient one said, "Some tea, please. The journey was longer than expected."
"Gladly, ancient one." The servant looked at me.
"Tea, or water, please. I would accompany the ancient one in the enjoyment of drink."
"Yes, lady." He turned and left. I waited for the ancient one to sit, and then sat near him. We waited in silence.
Soon, tea came, for us both. Also, a small bell. The servant then left the pot with us and left. I followed the old man, and slowly sipped my tea. I did not speak, respecting his silence. Finally, he put his empty cup down and spoke.
"Young lady, it is clear you are not Chinese, yet you speak our language, uncouth as it is. The young do not appreciate the finer points. It is clear you are a wise student, for you have waited for me to speak. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Master Shen. You will address me as Master during your lessons. At other times, you will address me as Master Shen, or ancient one. I am an exacting teacher, and I demand your hard work. If we are to complete your teaching in less than five years, it will be only if you work hard." At the mention of the time, my eyes got big, but I quickly resumed my peaceful expression.
"I see you expected it would be easy, like the languages of the outsiders. The words you spoke show you barely have scratched the surface. Our language has eons of history and complexity. No other language comes close. During your lessons, you will use the words I have taught you in preference to the ones you know now. When I have felt you have mastered sufficient basic words, I will require you to use only those words and no others. I also recommend you use the words I have taught you when not in my lessons. Understood?"
"Yes, Master."
"Come, sit beside me, to my right. I have much to show you, that you need to learn."
I got up and sat beside him. As I did, I opened my mind to his thoughts. I did not reach for them, as I feared he might notice, but if his thoughts leaked as most people's did, then I should get a better understanding of what he says and shows me.
"Listen well. This is the symbol for...." So the lesson began. As I did for memorizing a script, I memorized what he said and showed me. Ten minutes later, he quizzed me, and I was able to show that I had learned by rote what he had done so far. He continued like this for nearly two hours when we were interrupted.
"Master Shen, Please forgive me. Unexpected business called me away."
"Such is the duty of a lord, Lord Hugeng."
"I see that you have met your student."
"Indeed. For such a young person, she shows great attention, and listens well."
"And you, Becky Sue? Have you been learning?"
I replied slowly, as I had to remember the words I needed, and had to try composing my sentence with only them. "Yes, Lord Hugeng. My work has gifted me the skill to learn fast."
Master Shen said, "Well done, young lady. You said only the words we have used, but you are not ready to make good sentences yet."
"Yes, Master."
"Hmm, she has the wisdom to know her limits."
"Master Shen, don't count on it lasting long. She seems dedicated to going past limits, and I would expect her to try." I just grinned. "See. She is a trickster. She obeys as she will, but when she doesn't look out."
"You think she will rebel against me?"
"Against you? Probably not. Against limits you set, surely, but not until she thinks she is ready."
"I see. Then I will ensure she will not think she is ready until she truly is."
"I wish you luck. Can I get you anything? Is this setting suitable? If you need anything, just ask me or my staff."
"My luggage is still by the temple. Please have someone get it."
"I shall. Anything else?"
"Not at this time."
"Very well, I shall see you at lunch." He turned and left. My lessons resumed.
The lessons continued for another hour, at which point we broke for lunch. Master Shen and Lord Hugeng spoke animatedly with each other. I was not left out of the conversation, but with such a limited set of words, I had to think hard to say anything. Master Shen often winced, but said nothing then.
Back at lessons, he said, "You made numerous grammatical errors, but it is to be expected as you do not yet know enough to talk intelligibly."
I just replied, "Forgive me."
"We shall see how well you do when you have learned the basic words."
"Yes, Master."
Back to the grindstone, he taught me words, and quizzed me on the words I just learned. We broke again for dinner. The only respite he gave then, was to say we would resume my lessons after breakfast. Dinner was much like lunch, and I said little. After dinner, we adjourned and talked near a fireplace. Seeing this looked like it would go on for a while, I asked Lord Hugeng if I might resume my illusion versus reality practice. He nodded, so I got up, bowed to both of them, and departed.
I was surprised when he came out only a few minutes later. He said, "Master Shen is impressed by your memory and stamina. It seems most students have trouble maintaining an attentive mind that long."
I could not think of any words to explain, so I used some 'forbidden' words, and said, "Actors need to memorize scripts, and I am known as one who does it quite well. Combat takes endurance to learn, and you have seen my skill there. Will we spar tonight?"
"I had thought to start teaching you of the Tao."
"I have been sitting nearly still all day. I need to move. The walking is nice, but not enough. Can you teach while you spar?"
"Hmm, I suppose it is worth trying. How much time is left of your hour?"
"About five minutes. I don't usually wear a watch, and I turned my phone off as there is no reception here." I smiled.
He gave a belly laugh. "I don't think your people have invented a technological way to connect here. I shall sit and watch. Speaking of sitting, where did this bench come from?"
"As I suspect you know, I summoned it. When Master Shen arrived, he looked lost, as he did not see your place. I offered the seat, so he could sit while I went in to find you. You were not about, but one of the staff clued me into how I could bring him in."
"Well, I think you made a good impression on him. Oh, I almost forgot. Cloth and other supplies arrived. Skip practicing on the hill, and instead make some clothes. When you have sufficient, resume practice."
"Okay." A few minutes later, I stopped and said, "Today's practice is done. Sparring with Tao?"
"Yes."
"Will we need light?"
"Hmm. No, fighting in the dark is always interesting."
"Let me guess. You see in the dark."
"Got it in one."
Dryly, I said, "Oh joy." He laughed.
We headed away for a bit, and then he said to leave my clothes here. I summoned a table, and undressed. We walked a bit farther. I kept track of where I was and where the table was with my rock sense. I also summoned my earth augmentations. I noticed he was now a dragon.
He stopped and said, "Summon your daggers. And we shall begin." Well, I did, but I also summoned the lightning nerves. I later found the glow was enough to see where I stepped.
"I am ready." He nodded, and attacked. I responded, by attacking back. What I did not expect was for him to begin a discourse on the Tao. I did my best to study and listen. Like Master Shen, I opened my mind to study Hugeng's. Unexpectedly, I got hints as to his attacks. I tried to ignore that part and only pay attention to the Tao he was explaining. As it got dark, I augmented my failing vision with my spirit sense. This let me track him even when it got fully dark. I could tell he was quite focused, but I could not get enough detail to sense the position of his limbs. Still, I knew when he struck, as I would see the sudden change in his spirit. He called it about an hour after dark, and resumed human form.
We returned, and I invited him into my bed. He chose to accept, by saying, "Try to be quiet. I don't wish to disturb Master Shen's sleep." I had already released the lightning, but I released all but what I had last night. I felt a little weak, but I knew I would be okay. Again, after we came, he went to sleep. I released the summoned powers, and barely felt anything. Then I remembered that Inanna indicated I, too, gained a little power through sex. With the power of the dragon seed, apparently, that helps a lot. I went to sleep, intending to get up by dawn.
In the dawn's light, I got dressed, leaving him in my bed. First, I went out to look for broken and cut scales. I brought them back, and found him gone. I then went and sought out the staff to learn where the supplies were. I brought them to my room, and began working on some working clothes. Because I kept it to a simple shirt and long skirt, I actually had one outfit ready when breakfast was announced. I changed into it.
When Hugeng saw me, he said, "That was fast."
"Also simple. Pants take longer."
After breakfast, Master Shen and I went back to the lesson room. There, he started with a review of yesterday. He would point to a symbol and ask its meaning. When I answered the first twelve perfectly, he looked at me a few moments, and then started pointing further down, skipping symbols, or he would go back to one he skipped. Again, he stopped after a bit, and got out the five other pages we covered, and started pointing almost at random across all six pages. It was clear he didn't expect this, but he was stubborn enough that he did all of them. That took nearly an hour.
He sat back and contemplated me for over five minutes. Then he said, "How. What magic did you use? I sensed none, yet you got them all correct."
"My work requires that I remember great amounts quickly. I am very good at my work. The magic is merely experience and training."
"LORD HUGENG. COME HERE!"
A few seconds later, he came. "Yes, Master Shen."
"She claims she used no magic to learn all this." He pointed to the pages. "This is not possible."
"I told you she pushes limits. She is used to doing this, so mere memorization is easy for her."
"You mean it is possible?"
"Yes, Master Shen."
Turning to me, Master Shen said, "You, young lady, have challenged me in a way no student has ever challenged me. You will find I will not be defeated."
I replied, smiling, "Yes, Master Shen, I shall strive to defeat you in this learning." Hugeng stifled a laugh.
Glaring at Hugeng, he said, "Your challenge has been accepted. Prepare for hard work."
Still smiling, I said, "Thank you, Master Shen."
Hugeng left, and Master Shen started the next page of words. Today, he skipped the quiz every ten minutes or so, instead only asking if I was following. At dinner, he told me the morning would prove more difficult still. I just said thanks.
After dinner, I asked Hugeng if we could skip tonight's sparring, as I need more clothes. I suggested he could teach me as I made clothes. He said he would speak with the Master for a while, and then join me. I went, and began making pants in the Chinese style, and had them halfway done before he arrived. I don't think he expected me to invite him in immediately, as I was naked. I just continued working, and occasionally put them on to check them in the mirror I had summoned in the morning. He also saw I was making two pairs at the same time.
"Nice mirror."
I could tell what he was asking, so I said, "Clothes need a full length mirror. I'll need another to check my backside later."
He began his lessons on the Tao. I listened, even as I worked on the pants. When he saw I had finished both pairs, he called the lesson. Still naked, I lay in bed and asked, "Still want a workout? I'm ready." He answered by getting naked. I caused the lights to blow out, and we began our sexual workout. We went for three, as we had not tired ourselves out with sparring.
In the morning, I went swimming at dawn, and enjoyed the peace and quiet. I also tried to sense its spiritual self. It took a while, as it was subtle, and spread out, but it was in total, quite powerful. I meditated, and tried to get in tune with it, as I felt being in tune with nature would be a great way to relax. When I finally did, I suddenly realized it was aware of me. Not as a person, but as a spirit. The lake was not sentient, but more like an animal. A little bit later, I began to sense the fish, turtles, and others in and about the lake. Suddenly, I was the lake. I felt the underground streams that fed me, and the outflow off to one side a few feet down. I looked closer at the human body, floating on the surface, and I saw where my extended use of power was chafing the chi lines. I also saw how the nerves were being stressed by the lightning. I thought about how to repair the damage when the lake itself drew the body beneath the surface.
I got very worried about breathing, but apparently the lake supported it, as the body did not react, and its heart beat steadily. It was drawn to the deepest part, where spiritual energy from the ground below fed the lake, and the chi coming from the sun above came through the water like a lens. The streams also fed this chi, and all these streams focused on the body.
I saw the air leave the lungs, replaced by water. Somehow, the lungs changed, or the water did something. Either way, I felt the water seep into the blood, and it was sent throughout the body. When every blood vessel had some chi-filled lake water in it, the lake acted. It sent its own chi into the body and healed the chafing and stress. As its chi exited, it took with it spiritual debris and clogging, leaving the chi pathways pristine. The largest amount of such was in its brain. I sensed how the strain of memorizing was affecting it, but somehow I knew that by cleansing the chi pathways, it was also healing the body physically. When the lake was finished, the body was returned to the surface. Then the lake put its kidneys in overdrive. The water left the blood by the kidneys, even as the water in the lungs went into the blood. As the lungs emptied, air came in. when all the lake water had left the body, it began to breathe normally.
I didn't fall asleep, but perhaps something like it, but only for a few minutes. Suddenly, a thought charged in me: breakfast. I was foggy, but I just stood up and started walking back. It was only after I had walked several feet, that I realized I was on the surface of the lake. Worried that I might sink at any moment, I just walked faster. I made it to land without incident. I hurried to dress and return. Somehow, as long as I floated in the lake, I was still early for breakfast. So I just sat down and waited, wondering what had happened.
Lord Hugeng noticed I seemed different, but not how. Master Shen did not notice. I entered the conversation a bit more, as talking using only the allowed words seemed to come faster. When Master Shen began the lesson, he changed it up by giving me a stack of paper, a brush, and ink. Having done some calligraphy in my jewelry making, I knew how to use the brush and ink, so I picked it up and said I was ready. He told me to write each word as he said it. I dipped the brush in the ink and waited. He spoke a word from yesterday, and I wrote it. I used very fine lines with my delicate touch, and the word was about the same size as it was on his paper. He watched my strokes in amazement, but said nothing. He then said another, and I wrote it just below the first. As I finished each word, he said another. I added a new column as needed. When I ran out of paper, I started on the next page. He only had six pages, and I managed to use only six and a half. He took my papers up, and carefully examined each word. I don't know how I knew, but I knew that each was perfect.
"This is impossible. Wait here."
I nodded, as he got up and left. He returned with Lord Hugeng. He showed him the papers I had written. "Is this magic? Are there supernatural goings-on here? How can this perfection be?"
Hugeng said strange things, and made unusual gestures. Then he said, "Her spirit is pure. There is no foreign influence here. Nor is there any sign of magic. Even if there was magic involved, I have never heard of magic that could do this." He said some more things, and made gestures. "Becky Sue, are you under any influence, divine manipulation, or any other thing that can explain this?"
"Not to my knowledge."
"Can you explain this?"
"My best guess is that this morning my thoughts are very clear. My body relaxed, and my spirit is at peace. Therefore, I can focus on the task with almost no effort."
"Lord Hugeng?"
"She speaks what she believes. I see nothing else that might explain it."
"What should be done?"
"Teach her. When I said she would surprise you, I was more right than I knew. Master Shen, I know not how long this will last, but use it well. Push her hard, and fast. As she is now, she can easily take it."
"Yes, Lord. As you command."
"I'll get out of your way." With that, he left.
"What of you?"
"Master Shen?"
"Enough wasting time. Tell me when it starts to get hard. Back to work." He started with the next page, but as he went, he began to speed up. We went through ten pages by lunch. After lunch, we did twenty.
At dinner, Hugeng asked, "How long did the clarity last?"
Master Shen replied, "I don't know. We covered in a day, nearly two weeks' worth for any other student. I can still sense that clarity."
"Becky Sue? How about you?"
"As Master Shen said, the clarity is still there. I know it is impossible, yet I have lived to see the impossible happen time and again. I feel fine." With so many more words, I was able to speak better, at least as far as words are concerned.
After dinner, I asked for sparring and Tao, to take advantage of my clarity. I would work on clothing while he talked with Master Shen. Hugeng came by twenty minutes later; we went outside. We began as normal, but as we got serious, he noticed my movement was flowing and more graceful. He called the sparring a bit early.
"Tonight, you are too good. You have managed to get quite a few scales cut. At your lessons today, you were too good. When I examined you, your spirit was too clean, and stronger than before. Do you have any idea what might be behind this?"
When he said my spirit was too clean, I knew what happened. "It was the lake. I wished to sense its power, as you indicated it was weak yet vast. As I studied it, I meditated to clear my mind and think only of the lake. Suddenly, my mind shifted, and I was the lake. It is aware, like an animal, and it took notice of me. As I watched, and guided its attention, I saw how my body was acting under the strain I have placed on it these last few days. Then the lake took over, and drew me below, where the chi from the source streams met the chi from the earth below, and the chi of the sun above met. Water filled my body, even to the tiniest blood vessel. When it was ready, its chi entered me, and cleaned out my chi pathways, healing my body in the process. It took with it what I can only describe as stuff that impedes or blocks chi. It then restored me to the surface, and the lake water exited my body. Shortly after a thought awoke me, and confused, I began walking to shore, on the surface of the lake. When I realized what was happening, I hurried, and made it to land before the surface failed me."
"This lake is far older than me. I had heard legends from ancient times of the power of the lake, but you made this come to pass. It also explains how your spirit was too pure, and how your chi was stronger. I, too, have meditated as you have, but while I was aware that it was aware, I never connected more than that. Can you think of any reason why that might be?"
"The only thing that comes to mind is Inanna. I have on a number of occasions, allowed her control of my mind and body, to achieve some purpose. I am also able to sort of read minds. I can get an idea of what another is thinking, and sometimes more. So, perhaps I achieved harmony with the lake better than you were able, and my mind was more amenable to another's thoughts."
"This is dangerous information. If others learn of it, they may try to use you, or worse, take it from you. Don't mention it to anyone."
"Even if I say nothing, Inanna will know, or soon learn. She is curious, and likes me. She will sense the change in me, and ask. I will not deny her."
"Some gods may be safe, and as you serve her already, she may be an acceptable risk. Let us go back; I have much to think about."
"Wait a bit, while I collect the scales." I closed my eyes, and searched for the little glows, and as I spotted each, I caused a tiny but strong wind to blow them to my open hands. Two minutes later, they were all in my hands.
"Again, you surprise me. Wind?"
"Sky priestess." I smiled. "Shall we? I am sure you are looking forward to the sex."
He just turned and started walking. I hustled and walked beside him. He followed me into my room, and we began quietly. Even as he penetrated me, and played with my breasts, I visualized his body to see the greatest damage I had done. I then envisioned it being healthy, and used Inanna's healing power. He didn't notice. After he fell asleep, I examined my own body, and saw where it was stressed or damaged, and applied healing. When I finished, I went to sleep. In the morning, I completed two shirts before breakfast.
The whole next week was much the same. The clarity seemed to be lasting, and my closet came to have sufficient working clothes. I also had a new pair of moccasins that I wore everywhere. Master Shen continued the fast pace of teaching, and began with grammar and structure. Each day, I would learn a bunch of words, but also learn the rules of saying them. The Tao I was learning took far longer, as we sparred while he taught me. But he began to engage me to see that I understood it. Hugeng and I learned that I could walk on the lake at will, but I fell through any other water.
With sufficient clothing made, I returned to practicing the illusion reality pathway, only to find it had become effortless. When I told Hugeng, he chuckled, and said, "It figures. Then you no longer need to practice that." I chose to resume my practice of a morning swim, so I went swimming at dawn, and returned in time for breakfast. I noticed that the ritual cleansing seemed more like a hello, and when I swam deep, I could feel some of the lake's chi flow through me.
As the days became weeks, and weeks became months, I began to realize that I no longer felt weak when I dropped my augmentations after sparring. I also noticed that the augmentations seemed to be a bit more powerful. The Tao teachings were coming together with other things, and Hugeng began teaching me how to sense life. This coalesced with Inanna's sexual sense, and what I had done with it to enable me to sense more than just life. I could also sense emotion, desire, and other drives. My telepathic skills also improved so that I could read thoughts with far greater accuracy.
It was a little less than a year later, when Master Shen left. Hugeng and I saw him off. He parted, saying, "Your speech is now worthy to be heard in the palace. Although I hate losing a challenge from a student, know that I have never encountered a student as gifted as you."
"Thank you for the honor, Master Shen." We parted, I think, as friends.
When we returned to his house, he asked me into his small library. "Here is a book for you. It is copied from the original. Keep it as a gift."
Looking at it, I said, "It is the Journey into the West!"
"Yes. You have earned it, and I am sure you will treasure it. Now that your language lessons are over, we can go at a slower pace. There is yet more of the Tao to teach you. I am no teacher, like Master Shen, but I have taught others, and you are an exceptional student."
"Thank you, for the book, and more."
"My lessons will be here, as much of the wisdom I have to teach you is written in these tomes." With that, we began a new phase of teaching. It was more conversational, and we spoke here in the mornings. In the afternoon, we sparred, but without weapons. He suggested I augment my puny human nails into powerful claws. I did, and within a day, I found a good balance. My nails were the same shape and size, but they worked as though they were as tough as titanium. We found out by accident, I could punch through one of his scales. I could not easily cut with it, as it wasn't very sharp. We tried to cut a scale. Eventually, with great effort, I did. From then on, I was careful to not hurt him with my nails accidentally.
A few months later, we were summoned to the palace, to again report to the same administrator. It went much the same, except he questioned me at length about my battle prowess. When he finished, he said, "As unbelievable as it seems, you have truly learned our tongue flawlessly. Now let me introduce you to a mighty lord who has asked about you."
He rose, and from behind him, in the darkness, rose another I had barely noticed. He seemed far more regal, and he suddenly exuded raw power. The administrator then turned to the new person, and said, "Lord Monkey, this is the woman you inquired about. She portrays you in a production of the Journey into the West."
In a rather deep voice, the reply came, "You portray me? You are female. Have you humans forgotten the difference between male and female?"
I sensed a true curiosity, and desire to hear me, so I replied, "Lord Monkey, this retelling is not a true and accurate telling. Rather, it is the base to inspire a tale that shows much sexual activity. As I am a powerful female, and enjoy sex, I was chosen to portray you, but as a female. The story is deemed an allegory that uses comedy to help illustrate the human condition at the time it was written. The production I am in has chosen to add sex, and is less concerned with the allegory. I have often portrayed powerful warriors who enjoy lots of sex. Those who watch enjoy the violence and sex portrayed."
"So it is base entertainment?"
"Often. But sometimes, it rises far above, and is deemed worthy of being honored through the years. This production is not aiming for worthiness, but for the generation of wealth."
"And you are a powerful warrior?"
"Among my people, yes. Here, I do not know. Lord Hugeng could answer better than I."
"Lord Hugeng?"
"Lord Monkey, she is a priest, and the powers she commands, and the skill she has, makes her a fearsome warrior."
"She uses her power on others?"
"She can, but it is upon herself, that she usually directs the power."
"How long can she sustain her power?"
"At least three hours. That is as long as we usually spar."
"How does she fare against you?"
"We are friends, and she does not wish to harm me. But if we were enemies out to kill each other, it could go either way. If her opponent thinks here merely human, he will be in trouble. If her opponent assumes all she has is strength and speed, he will be in trouble. She is a cunning and experienced warrior, no mere novice."
"I see. Becky Sue, will you spar with me?"
"... Yes, Lord Monkey." I was taken aback.
"Come with me then. You too, Lord Hugeng."
I don't remember the trip, but we were suddenly in a vast rocky valley.
"This place is big enough for a good fight. Whenever you are ready, Becky Sue."
I turned to Lord Hugeng, and said, "Will you hold my clothes?" He nodded. I turned to Monkey, and said, "My clothes cannot stand the stress of combat. Lord Hugeng will hold them. The lack of clothing will not affect my fighting." I then undressed and handed everything to Hugeng.
Summoning all the augmentations I usually did, I also summoned a blunted metal sword, and a small metal shield. "My sword is not sharp, as I do not wish to harm you. It should still hurt if I hit hard, and I am sure you will know what it would have cut if it was sharp. I am ready as soon as Lord Hugeng steps away."
Hugeng immediately stepped away, and I began my attack. I knew Monkey was deemed skilled, so I only did small testing moves to begin before going into more serious attacks. I did not, however, pull my punches, and swung as hard as I could, and as fast. Monkey, in the meantime, used his staff to block everything, as well as swat at me. I used my shield to block, but the hits were hard.
We sparred for nearly an hour, as I tried every attack, bluff, and other idea I had to get through Monkey's defense. Having exhausted all I knew, I leapt back and shouted, "Hold, I yield." Monkey aborted his attack.
"Why have you quit so soon?"
"I have used all of my skill with sword and shield, and am unable to succeed. Going longer will not change this, but will make me tired. I do not see this changing with any other weapon I know. Might we resume unarmed? That uses different skills."
Monkey backed off and put his weapon away. "Proceed."
I dismissed my weapon and shield, but invoked the pseudo claws I used on Hugeng. I then attacked. As expected, I did not get through his defenses, but I did succeed in tossing him about the field a bit. However, I was tossed about more. Again, I tried the five styles I had mastered, as well as a number of dirty tricks. I also used some of the showy jumps to move about the field, but to no avail. Again, after about two hours, I leaped back, and called, "Hold, I yield."
"Have you run out of tricks?"
"Yes, Lord Monkey."
"Then this match is over. Lord Hugeng is right. On a bad day, such as he, would lose. You are indeed a mighty warrior, and a pleasure to spar with. Few mortals have pushed me to defend as you have. Some is your sheer strength and weight. Some is your skill. I shall remember you.
"Lord Hugeng, I see your teaching in her skill. Tell me about it."
"Lord Monkey, I did not train her. I did, however, spar with her most days for nearly a year. She is observant and likely picked up much from me."
"Becky Sue, to learn without being taught is true wisdom. Treasure it. I must go now." He clapped, and Lord Hugeng and I were back at the palace, but Monkey was elsewhere. Hugeng quickly handed me my clothes, and I dressed.
"Becky Sue, it appears you now have a reputation here. No doubt Monkey will tell of your match. The Administrator will certainly mention you going off with Monkey to spar. You may in the future meet another who wishes to test your skill. The longer you stay in the heavenly realm, the more likely such will happen. Let us return to my home, and prepare for your departure."
I agreed, and we returned to his home. When we got there, he asked, "Please draw several pictures of me in dragon form, using brush and ink. Draw me ready to fight, as though we were going to spar."
"Okay, but to what purpose?"
"I want to give you a special tattoo. When I choose the picture, you will make another, but with special ink. I will then transfer it to your body. It will offer some minor enhancements."
"Thank you."
"I have been thinking about this for a while, but with Monkey's testing, I am sure of it."
I went and collected supplies, and began creating several different drawings. I drew heavily on my jewelry skill to draw, and the clarity I was experiencing was certainly aiding me, by letting me remember exactly how he looked as he was about to pounce on me. I briefly saw him go into my room to get something, but I didn't see what it was. I made nearly two dozen images before I had decided I had enough. Some were in monochrome; others used two or more colors. I put down my tools and waited, with the area laid out on the table.
An hour later, Hugeng joined me. He carried a brush, ink, and some sort of fancy paper. He saw the art and exclaimed, "Much better than I expected." He then picked up each one and examined it. Finally, he picked up three and laid the others aside in a pile. Handing them to me, he said, "These are the best. Which suits you best?"
"What do you mean?"
"Tattoos are personal, so the selection should resonate with you."
"Tattoos are also a problem for actors because they may not fit with the scene."
"It can go anywhere, so where will it be least seen?"
"I am often naked, so all of me is seen. But the close-ups will be of my breasts, vagina, and butt. Often my arms and legs are bare, and also my back. My hands and face are also in many close-ups. I think that leaves my feet."
"Would a shin be a good place?"
"I think so. The lower, the better. How big will it be?"
"I think six inches high would be good."
"Very well. Am I to use that ink?"
"Yes, it is magical, and will respond to your desire somewhat, so you can change the color."
I took the three he selected, and I cleared my mind as I did for the lake. I then looked at each of the three, to see which was most him, yet also me. Suddenly, I knew, and put the others down on the pile. The last one I placed in front of me. I then took the new brush and ink, and imagining I saw his true colors, I duplicated the drawing. When I had finished, I could feel it needed more, so going on instinct, I continued until I felt it was complete. I lay the brush down to the side and looked.
I saw subtle lines that were not in the earlier one, and the colors were more intense all over. In fact, it almost seemed alive. I showed it to Hugeng.
"This has far more detail, yet it is in harmony. The colors are realistic, and they even seem to convey my aura. You indeed continue to surprise me. Okay, let me have a leg."
I lifted my right leg. He removed my shoe, and performed a minor spell, leaving my shin and foot perfectly clean. He then placed the special drawing directly on my leg, just above my shin. Speaking a few strange words, I saw the drawing slide down the paper and onto my skin. It seemed to wiggle a bit before settling into place. He then spoke a few more words, holding his hand directly over it.
"All done."
"You mentioned minor enhancements?"
"Yes. The first is to enhance your senses to foes. The most powerful will usually know how to defeat this, but lesser foes will not. The second is to hide your own spiritual power. Like the hill illusion, the powerful will see past it easily, but to lesser beings, your power will appear less. The last, yet more powerful enhancement, is to enchant your summoned weapons. They shall not easily break for an hour after you summon them. You must summon them willing the enchantment, as it will not affect anything without your desire. It is time to pack, and we will leave about the same time we left Earth.
"I have another gift to bestow upon you: the title of Dragon Disciple. Lord Monkey is right. You were my student and I taught you combat, without realizing it. You have shown dedication and learned well."
He then cleaned up the supplies, while I went to my room to pack. I selected the fancy clothes made by the ladies at the palace, along with the shoes and jewelry. I dressed in a set of work clothes. The rest of the clothes I left. The book Hugeng gave me, and the certificate Master Shen gave me were packed with the Qipao, and I was ready. With plenty of time, Hugeng suggested I go for a final swim. While there, I floated on my back, and meditated, trying to connect with the lake to say goodbye. I felt a surge of chi briefly embrace me and then retreat. Returning, I learned there was time for a pleasant meal, and so we ate.
Lord Hugeng brought me to the gateway we arrived at, and clapped his hands. The mural before us became real, and the reality behind us became a mural. "Remember, here I am known as a visiting monk named Jiao-long."
"Yes. I shall."
We then headed back out, and I found it as he had said. Perhaps an hour had passed in the courtyard, while I experienced over a year.
At the doorway to the courtyard, he stopped and said, "Goodbye, my friend. I shall miss you."
"Have you forgotten our lines for tomorrow?"
"No, but we will not have the privacy to say our true goodbye later, so I give it now."
"You are right. Goodbye, and prosper, my friend." I bowed to him, and he bowed back, to me.
While I had not exactly forgotten my lines, I did want to refresh them, so I headed back, and reread my lines. The next day, we did our lines, and the director was pleased. He announced we were done at this location, and told us to meet at the next location in two days, as that would give us a day to travel, and shoot the day after. Jiao-long and I said goodbye again, but as strangers, as others were watching.
As I prepared for bed, I focused on Inanna. "Queen Inanna, my sojourn to Heaven is over. I have much to talk about and some to ask. Perhaps most notable is that I sparred with Lord Monkey."
"I could sense you changed while you were there. I also sensed time seemed to have lost hold of you. Your dalliance with a dragon, however, was strong enough to get my attention. At another point your power, flared for no apparent reason, for you seemed at peace and meditating. When you returned to Earth, I knew, for I could feel time's hold return. I knew you would speak to me, and I am ready to listen."
I spoke with Inanna for a long time, telling her, in brief, much that had happened. She quickly guessed something had happened at the lake, and had me tell her all about it. She agreed with Hugeng that it should be secret. Lastly, she casually informed me my tattoo was a magician's talisman, and a powerful one.
"Lord Hugeng said they were minor enchantments."
"For him, they are minor. For you, they are not. I have a feeling he may not know just how powerful it is, for not only is it tied to your chi, but also to his. Its construction uses blood from both of you, which is how this happens. But it is also near perfectly aligned, both with you, and within itself. That perfection gives it power. Most such talismans have many imperfections that limit their power, but this one barely has any. Have you looked at it?"
"I did while he placed it on me."
"Take a look now."
I did, and as I did, I sensed it was aware. I also felt a faint echo of Hugeng. I told my Queen.
"Magician's talismans are all aware at some level, in order to be attuned to its user. Yours is more aware than most. It keeps watch for you. The echo, however, is the link to Hugeng's chi. You should not feel that. It is only the level of perfection that allows it. It means he will know you as you know him, no matter where either of you are. I think it also means your friendship is deep."
Over the next month, I tested out the tattoo on summoned weapons. I quickly learned how to summon a weapon with the enhanced durability, and learned it lasted about an hour. I also tested out my life sense. I had to focus to use it, but found that I could distinguish as small as a single ant, and I could sense the abundance of life about me. This quickly taught me that our cities are not at all lifeless, but rather well inhabited by the tiny things. I also could feel the lives of pets, and animals destined for the cooking pot. Of people, I could easily tell size, shape, gender, and general attitude. When I did a martial art exercise blindfolded, I found I could easily follow my opponent, but I could only follow when he struck, not how. So I could usually duck or block, but not always.
The film, in time, came out, and I won two awards: Best Supporting Actor, and Fight Choreography. I wore one of my Qipoas for the awards ceremony, and it got rave reviews. Some months later, I received a visitor at home. I sensed his divine nature, and realized he came to test my strength, as Hugeng had said I might.
But that is another story....