After writing an initial story on Literotica, I was delighted to receive some feedback from a number of men who enjoyed my story.
I wrote a story about a real encounter a number of years ago when I planned a day to strip for an old man on a bus journey.
The day worked out better than I had planned and I ended up not only stripping, but letting the old guy fondle and grope me on the bus. Eventually I gave him a blow job and recounted the story of how I even let this strange old guy cum in my mouth. I swallowed his cum, licking it off his fingers and even put mine and his cum filled fingers inside my pussy, it was a crazy, sexy day.
The reviews and emails followed and I promised to reply to all who emailed me.
I struck up a number of conversations and even sent long replied and pictures of me, some in underwear to my new followers and admirers.
Most of my new admirers were men in their late 50's or 60's, the perfect age group for me, I love older men.
It turns out that one of my new friends only lived around 40 minutes from me and after a number of email and picture swaps we agreed to meet for a coffee.
Our conversations had revolved around the blow job I had given my bus stranger. My reviewer was particularly keen on how I had worshipped the old mans cock and told him how much I wanted his cum. We talked about this and he loved the fact that this was a huge turn on for me.
He was a coach driver who drove mainly pensioners to seaside resorts in his spare time. Already retired, he did this for fun and to make a little extra money on the side
He was obsessed with having his cock sucked and cum swallowed. He watched hours of cum shot porn but had rarely really experienced this in real life.
This was also an obsession for me, particularly with older men, so this dominated our conversation and what the ultimate blow job would involve.
When we agreed to meet for coffee, we introduced ourselves and all was very civil, however our intentions were far from civil.
Before we met, I prepared by showering in string scented molten Brown shower gel. I lathered my pussy so that I smelled and tasted fresh.
I wore very sexy pink matching underwear, a see though bra and tiny thong, which accentuated by shapely ass and showed my dark and sensitive nipples.
The undertone of our civil discussions were also littered with innuendo and a longing to strip for this guy who was desperate for me to suck his cock and swallow his cum.
What I didn't know about my new friend was how much of an ass enthusiast he was. While I was fantasising about stripping and sucking him and swallowing his cum, he was also fixated on my ass and attacking it with his tongue. Fireworks awaited.
Eventually, we agreed to go back to my house and finish our supercharged conversation.
When we arrived I made us both a gin and tonic using Monkey 47 gin and tonic water with sliced cucumber, the conversation soon got around to oral sex.
He confessed that one of the reasons he was so intrigued by my oral fetish was because he was a 'heavy cummer' Not many women had been able to handle his output, 10-15 strong strokes of thick white cum on a good orgasm.
Most women shied away and would not let him cum in their mouths. The ones that did, could not swallow his entire load, he wanted a woman who was ready to take the challenge and relish it.
I can't express how much the idea of being covered in this amount of cum and slowly cleaning up to eventually swallow every drop had a big effect on me. I was more than up for the challenge and almost dripping wet at the thought of this. To me it was pure pornography and I was not going to let him down, I was going to take it all and as many times as he wanted.
I stood up and slowly started to remove my clothes I teased him with my large breasts, which he loved, trying to lick my nipples as I teased him with them over the top of my bra.
I bent over to show him some ass and it was too much for him. He pulled me towards him and pulling my panties down he plunged his tongue into my ass. It felt good, so I let him carry on.
He spent the next 10 minutes, licking my pussy and ass so deep, that he made me cum twice.
I had never had my pussy and my ass licked so deep and hard before. He was relentless.
After my second orgasm I was shaking and told him to stop before he sent me into a coma.
"Your turn" I said as I sat between his knees and readied myself to suck his cock and swallow his cum.
We agreed we would record it on my iPhone, so I set this up to our left so that we could capture the cum shot and swallow.
I sucked him very slowly: his cock was short but thick and never got fully hard. After a few minutes he told me he was ready to cum. I opened my mouth and let his cum shoot in and around my mouth.
I licked up all his cum, aware the camera would capture all my moves, I found this a huge turn on.
At one point he pointed out a blob I had missed which had fallen onto the left side of his cock and balls, taking his lead, I licked it up and swallowed it all.
After finishing his load, he dressed, said thank you and went back to his coach which he had parked a little way away.
"Keep in touch." He said as he left.
"Until next time." I said, aware that I would suck his cock again.