Hi all,
Thanks for so many lovely messages. I know the quality wasn't as high as some on here or maybe even most, but its nice to get some feed back on my experience.
This is what happened next. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I have remembering it. Please note this is just a memory its not a word for word account. I cant remember exactly what words were said.
You may want to read part one if you haven't already.
We stood still for what seemed like an eternity. My head still confused to what had just happened. All my planning out what should have happened didn't include any of what did. How could my friend get it so wrong? Why did her suggestion make perfect sense to me.
While my head was still trying to work out what just happened, I hadn't noticed my boyfriends mates had walked off. I also hadn't noticed the crowd had started to return to normal flow. I had just stood frozen in time.
My boyfriend put his hand on my waist and just calmly asked.
"Shall we continue?"
"Yeh" is all I said, but i just sort of stood still. His mates had now reached the end of the bridge and continued on. they looked back, but my boyfriend waved them to go on in to the shops.
"OK lets go on then I'll get them to get the coffees and a cake"
We quite often did the coffee and cake thing but they bought their own normally and my boyfriend or I would get ours. He managed to get some sort of forward motion out of me and then asked "Are you ok?"
"I don't know"
"Did you see them bulge? You totally turned them on"
"Yeh" my head still not working.
"That was so fucking hot, you are so hot, and a see through thong. fucking hot"
He said fucking hot a lot. After a while i started to pull myself together. I hit him, I hit him hard. Harder than I'd ever hit him. I stood in front of him. He just rubbed his arm where I'd punched him. just repeating "fucking hot".
I was angry I was confused. who was I angry at. Him, but also my friend for being so wrong, but then at me for just standing like a lemon. I hit him a few more times, each one hard. He took all of them until I went to slap his face. He grabbed my hand. wrapped himself around me and held me from behind. I didn't struggle I just stood in his embrace.
"That was fucking hot" I felt his bulge poking me. I hadn't noticed that he was hard. I'd seen his mates. but I'd not looked at him to note he was hard too.
"You're turned on by this?"
"Yes, but so were you. why didn't you pull your skirt down like you always do?"
"What do you mean I'm turned on?"
He grabbed a quick feel under my skirt. I stamped on his foot and he let me go. I must have hurt him that time.
"Bit wet are you?"
I looked at his hand. I could see it was noticeably wet. OMG I thought.
"Face it that turned you on didn't it?"
I thought about it before I answered. Seeing all the men looking at me. Some had partners, but everyone of them looked.
"Yes... Maybe... I don't know....... Yes"
"I'm going to do it again."
"Why?"
"It's fucking hot. All those men just wanting you. Me exposing you. I'm so going to fuck you hard later."
I stood looking at him. I was so turned on still. I had no idea why.
"Lets catch them up"
"OK" and we walked on. his hand around my shoulder.
We pushed into the entrance to the shopping centre. His mates were just going up and down the escalators. My boyfriend just shouted up at them "Coffees you're buying" They waited at the top of the escalator and when we caught up we set off to get a coffee. None of them argued about having to get the coffees.
We got to the coffee shop. COSTA as usual it was quite busy. but there was a couple of tables free. My boyfriend pointed me away from the counter towards a table.
"Chocolate cake Kitten?"
"Of cause"
"Lemon slice, Chocolate cake and two capriccios" he said to his mates. as he followed me to the table. His 3 mates got in the queue.
They joined us at the table and my cake and coffee was placed in front of me with a fork and a napkin. My boyfriends cake was just plonked on the table along with his coffee.
We talked as if the incident on the bridge didn't happen. They didn't bring up about getting in our coffees either. I started to eat my cake. My boyfriend put his hand on my leg. His mates could not see, their view was blocked by the table. He ran his hand right up the outside of my leg. I looked around the coffee shop. I don't Think anyone was looking. He pushed his hand between my legs forcing me to open. Again I looked around the shop. He pushed one of my legs as I closed upon his hand. As he pushed his hand higher I closed my legs on it. He pushed my legs open again. As I went to close them he looked at me as he pushed them open again. I looked around the room. There was a man looking over towards me. His wife had her back towards me. When he saw me looking at him he looked away.
My boyfriend pushed right up my leg massaging my pussy through my panties. My legs opened quite wide now on automatic mode allowing access. I looked over to the guy who looked over again. This time he didn't look away. I was turned on at a level I could not explain.
My boyfriends friends were oblivious to what was going on under the table. My boyfriend had noticed that i was looking in one direction. He looked to see why. He then leaned in and whispered in my ear "He's watching isn't he?" I just nodded.
"My hands blocking his view of your pussy isn't it?" I nodded.
"Do you want him to see?" I looked at my boyfriend then back at the man. after a short pause I nodded. My boyfriend removed his hand. my legs remained open. The man had a clear view up my skirt to my now very wet see through panties. His mouth opened as my panties came into view. my boyfriend whispered "Close your legs now" I felt that I didn't want to, but I followed my new orders.
The conversation had continued without any input from me or my bf. I started eating my cake and listened in. I hadn't missed anything. They were talking yesterday's football results. My boyfriend isn't a big football fan either he much preferred to be tinkering with his car. They had all finished their coffees and cakes and when I'd finished mine we left, but as we walked past the guy who was looking before my bf lifted my skirt at the front as I was just behind his wife.
We spent the next hour looking in tech shops. looking at PCs, phones other gadgets. DVDs and nothing naughty happened in that hour at all. I was starting to wonder if that was it and maybe my boyfriend had indeed gotten bored of it, and my friend was right just he took it further than I had imagined.
We went into Next which for those not from the UK is a high street fashion shop. it has men's sections. home and children's section all separate from the women's area. Normally when we go in these shops the boys don't follow me into the girls section. Its normally either just me or me and my boyfriend only.
My boyfriend noticed that they hadn't left us. i was looking at some tops going through the hangers looking for my size. holding them up against me trying to imagine how I'd look. the guys normally get bored in these shops pretty quick but not today.
They were messing around. looking at clothes. Copying me by holding clothes against themselves and then going to a mirror. My boyfriend got behind me and lifted my skirt. no one else in the shop could have seen. Clothes racks block views, but his friends could see. They stopped messing around and stood looking at my exposed panties. He ran his hand over my belly and onto my pants giving my pussy a squeeze.
I could see 3 bulges in front of me. I could feel my boyfriend starting to grow behind me. then one of them touched my leg. When my bf realised he slapped his hand away. "no touching"
"OK"
They all stood mesmerised looking at my panties. not one looked up at my face. My bf rubbed me through my panties until I started to grind against him. Then he stopped dropped my skirt and turned me around. He shoved his mates into the men's section. I continued to look at tops. I was making a mental note of what tops I liked in order to return with my mates and get 2nd opinions.
My boyfriend returned without his mates.
"Where are they?"
"In the men's section". "Are you ok?"
I said "yeh"
"Turned on?"
"Very, are you?" He put my hand on his bulge.
"That's a yes then"
"Remove your panties" he held out his hand. I took them off and handed them to him. he turned and disappeared. When he returned his mates were with him. They stood around me.
"Lift your skirt Kitten and show them." I looked at my boyfriend. I looked at his mates....
I did as I was told. I lifted my skirt and showed them my naked pussy. As i stood there my skirt lifted up i felt a dribble run down my leg. I was so so so turned on i was leaking.
"Turn around"
I did as I was told.
"bend over." I bent over. my boyfriend ran his hand over my bum. he ran a finger across my pussy it sent shivers right through me. I could cum any minute.
My boyfriend took me by the hand and over to the bra and pants section.
"These are wet. i think you need some spare ones for when you go home." My boyfriend and his mates chose a pair each they thought looked sexy. my boyfriend said a loud, while looking at me "I'm sure they wont mind buying you a pair each if you model for them. Each of them nodded. I thought nothing of it. Now they had all seen my pussy without panties. my boyfriend handed me the panties and I took them. He directed me to the changerooms.
"Which 1st?" I just said I'll do them in the order they are in. when I walked into the changerooms I was followed by one of his mates. We entered the cubical and I closed the curtain behind me. I pulled the panties on being watched by mate number 1. He stood grinning with his bulge clearly on show. I lifted my skirt allowing him to see the panties he was buying for me.
"do you like them?"
" I do yes"
"you look amazing. I'll go and buy them."
I took them off and handed them to him. he said can I have another look at your pussy."
"Show your cock then"
He got it out. it was hard not just semi. Fully hard with pre cum on the tip. I lifted my skirt he went to touch.
"No touching"
He smelt the panties and left.
Mate number 2 arrived calling "Kitten"
"In this one and I opened the curtain.
He entered and sat on the floor. I knew immediately why. He was head height to my pussy. I took a pair of panties. he shook his head I took the other pair and put them on. then lifted my skirt.
He just sat smiling. I took them off and handed them to him. He just left.
Mate number 3 arrived. Head poked through the curtain followed by the rest of him. I took the panties off the peg.
"How turned on are you?" He asked.
"Incredibly" I responded.
He got his cock out. It was solid and lots of pre cum, "me too"
I put his panties on and lifted my skirt.
"Please turn around" I did as asked and lifted my skirt at the back. His hands grabbed my bum cheeks.
"No touching" I said. He gave my bum a good squeeze. I turned around. I then took his panties off and handed them to him. and he left.
My bf entered
"Still turned on?"
Instead of answering I showed him. He got his cock out. out of the 2 of his mates I'd seen and his there wasn't much difference in length, but in terms of thickness his was thicker.
"Did they touch you?" He asked. I said "You had told them no touching". It wasn't a lie.
"I can touch though". He got behind me. and slipped a finger straight inside my pussy. I could feel I was already close to cumming. He rubbed me gently and bent me over he entered me slowly. even though I was 100% turned on I felt every inch push its way in. After only a few strokes we both came.
"This has been incredibly hot." He took the pants he got me and left, I hadn't even tried them on. I still had no panties on and now I had his cum leaking down my leg. I decided to just leave it. As I met up with them my boyfriend lifted my skirt showing them all my cum filled pussy.
They all paid for my new panties and we left for more fun in other shops. but 1st I had to pop to a toilet to clean up.
once I returned from the toilet my boyfriend was holding the bag with my new panties.
"Do you want to put them on?"
"Not much point you've already exposed me to your mates"
"So true"
We went off to a sports shop. None of them do any sports that I knew, but they lived in joggers. Really bad fitting ones so maybe new ones that fitted was a good idea. Oddly for the 1st time ever we all seemed to drift to the female sections. My boyfriend ran his hands up my skirt over my bum at every opportunity. We got to the running shoe section and I started looking at new trainers. An attendant arrived as I was looking.
"Can I help?"
"Just looking" I responded. My boyfriend took a pair I had just been looking at and said "do you have these in a size 3?" The attendant disappeared out the back.
"What are you doing? I cant afford new trainers"
"No harm trying them on though."
The attendant returned with 3 boxes. he said "These seem to be slightly off size so I've brought out one either side"
I took the smallest sized box and sat down. The 3 friends stood deliberately so they could look up my skirt. the attendant stood near me watching as I put the first one on they were a little tight, but comfy. I walked around a bit. All 5 sets of eyes watching me walk. As I walked close to my boyfriend, he whispered "Show him you have no pants on"
I sat thinking I'm not doing that.
"What did you think?" the attendant asked
"little tight" I responded
"Sounds like the correct size might be good for you then. That will be a first with these." As I took the smaller pair off I twisted so my legs were pointing at the attendant. I thought what the hell. I opened my legs as I took them off.
The attendants voice changed pitch as he took the shoes from me and handed me the slightly bigger pair." Try these ones"
I took them and smiled. I sat legs open as I put them on. I got up and walked around they did feel better. I walked around a little trying to give a good reason not to purchase them.
"I'm not sure maybe I'll think about it for a bit."
"No rush we have lots of stock." I took them off in no rush at all. the attendant made no attempt to hide what he was looking at.
We left the shop and we burst out laughing all 3 friends said in squeaky voices "Try these ones" and laughed even more. I felt sorry for the attendant, but at least he couldn't hear the mocking.
We went to a few other shops. my boyfriend exposed me constantly both to his mates and to strangers.
The one thing I did notice more I was no longer the annoying tag along, but the main centre of my boyfriends friends day. In fact they asked me constantly where I wanted to go.