My wife is obsessed with Belly Dancing. She dances mainly in local amateur shows but also dances professionally. She has a website to advertise her services as an entertainer for everything from family parties to corporate events. I always accompany her to make sure she stays safe. Belly Dancing is a sensual art and Tracy's style of dance is very sexually charged. Tracy's voluptuous figure wrapped in a revealing costume combined with her natural sexuality makes having a body guard important. I play the role of an employee when she dances since bringing a husband along would spoil the illusion. This is not a job for the jealous since dancers have to expect that some guests will cop a feel.
Sex has always been an important part of Tracy's life. She is very bold and has had many sexual partners. We actually grew up in the same neighborhood and everyone I knew had at least one sexual encounter with her. If Tracy wanted a one night stand she had no problem making the first move and leaving them ridden hard and put away wet.
This story begins at the end of a business party that hired Tracy as part of the entertainment. The party was hosted in a nice house in a well to do neighborhood. After an excellent performance by Tracy the evening was winding down. It was not uncommon for the host to ask a dancer to stay after their performance and enjoy the food and drink. I was keeping my usual distance as not to crowd Tracy. The host of the parties name was Steven. Steven and Tracy were sitting on a couch talking and laughing all. I had noticed him getting closer to Tracy and putting his hand on her thigh. Steven went to show the last guests out so I went over to Tracy and she whispered to me "I think the booze is going to his head, do you want me to pack up to go?" I told here no, it looked like she was having fun and to enjoy being a big flirt. I have always liked watching Tracy dance sexy. Since she did not have to worry about being "family appropriate" now that the guests had left I suggested she give Steven a dance to remember and have some fun. I went over and turned the music back on just as Steven was returning.
Tracy did not disappoint and began the most erotic dance I had ever seen her perform. She began to dance around Steven and brush against him. Soon he was holding onto her hips from behind and grinding into her. Tracy looked over to me for approval and I gave her a smile and a nod of encouragement. I could not believe how turned on I was. Watching my wife work another man into a frenzy was incredibly sexy. Tracy must have had more to drink than usual as well because she was going further than she had ever gone before. I could see Tracy's facial expression change from performer who knew how to work a crowd to a woman who was seriously aroused. I had a hard on that was almost splitting my pants. The dance was getting more and more intense. Steven was now moving his hands up and down from her thighs up to her shoulders.
Things were getting pretty intense and the doorbell rang. Steven reluctantly went to answer the door and I used the opportunity to take things to the next level. I had fantasized about watching Tracy have sex with another man for some time. I knew it was only a matter of time before an opportunity would present itself so I had started putting a couple of condoms in my wallet before I left with Tracy to a performance. I pressed two condoms into Tracy's hand. She looked at me and her breathing started to get more excited. She gave me a look that said "Are you sure?" and I nodded my consent. Tracy was so turned on at this point that I'm not certain I could have stopped her if I wanted to. I could see the exhilaration in her face. Her breathing showed the excitement that you get when you realize you are going to have sex with someone for the first time.
Steven returned and explained that a guest had forgotten something but we were now alone. Tracy walked up to Steven, wrapped her arms around his neck and began to kiss him. Tracy's kisses became more intense, the kind of kisses that a woman gives to a man to let him know that he can have her. Stevens hands were now feeling every inch of Tracy. I watched Steven move his hand up her skirt and down the top of her underwear. Tracy let out little moans as he explored her wet pussy. As I watched Tracy make out with and get finger banged by another man I felt more turned on than I had ever been.
Tracy stopped and took a step back from Steven. You could see that she was being consumed with anticipation. Tracy then walked over to me and guided me out of the room. She gently pushed on my chest and I took steps backwards until I was out of the room. Tracy smiled and blew a kiss to me and then closed and locked the door with me on the other side.
I understood why Tracy wanted to be alone with her lover but I was too turned on to just wait. We had been given a tour of the house so I knew where the master bedroom was. It was dark outside so no one saw me walk around the outside of the house to the master bedroom. I crept up quietly and was fortunate to find a screen window open.
Tracy and Steven entered the bedroom and started kissing passionately. They kissed for some time building in intensity. His hands went up her skirt and slowly pulled down her panties till they fell to the floor. The rest of her costume came off piece by piece. He continued to kiss Tracy passionately with his thumb insider her pussy. His other hand reached around her ass and cupped his hand. His arms pulsed almost lifting Tracy off the ground.
Tracy dropped to her knees, undid his belt and zipper and pulled his pants off. Stevens rock hard cock sprang up to Tracy's face. She knelt before him with his cock just in from of her face and they stared at each other. Tracy breathed several hot breaths on the head of his cock. I could see pre-cum starting to gather which Tracy took with a small, slow lick and swallow. He grabbed her hair and thrust his dick into her mouth. The entire length of his dick went into her mouth and throat as he held on to the back of her head, each hand holding a fist full of hair. He took his dick out of her mouth and lowered her onto a thick rug and then shoved his cock back in her mouth while straddling her face. His hips continued to thrust while he held handfuls of hair from the back of her head. He began to pant harder and harder but stopped just short of cuming and pulled away. He wasn't done with Tracy yet.
He stood up and took Tracy's hand and led her to his bed and positioned her on all fours. Tracy put her face on a pillow and her ass in the air. Steven mounted her from behind and thrust his dick into her eager pussy. Tracy moaned in delight as he pressed hard into her, using his hands to pull her hips back to stop her from being pushed over. Steven started to pound her pussy like a jackhammer, pulling back and then slamming forward with a loud slap following each thrust. Tracy's small tight pussy was taking a real beating with moans of delight timed to the beat of their lovemaking.
Tracy moaned and yelled "Fuck me, oh god fuck me, fuck me harder!" and Steven did. The pounding became even more intense punctuated by the slap, slap, slap of his ball sack hitter her with each thrust. They both panted louder and louder with furious lovemaking. Tracy was loosing and control and continued to yell "Fuck me, fuck me like a slut, fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy!!" They both came at the same time, Tracy moaning out "ohhhh, ohhhhh, ohhhh god!" as he grunted over and over, his hips thrusting slower, timed with pulsing cum.
They collapsed on the bed and lay motionless except for heavy pants as they caught their breath. I walked to our car and waited inside. 15 minutes later Tracy came out with her costume back on. She got in the car, looked over to me and said "I have the best husband in the world, lets go home." She looks at me with a big grin and says "Did I tell you about the bachelor party I'm performing at next weekend?"