Lindsey and I hadn't been dating long, maybe one month. But I was head over heels. She was everything that I had been looking for in a girl - funny, smart, sweet, and fun to be around. Not to mention beautiful. She was about 5'10" with long legs, shoulder-length brown hair and eyes that always seemed to be smiling. She was the kind of girl who loved being outside and would play touch football with friends or spend an afternoon fishing. Sometimes we would just sit together and pass a quiet evening watching a movie. She was fine with going out in a t-shirt and with her hair pulled back in a ponytail, and looked as beautiful without makeup as she did all done up for an evening out. In short, my dream girl. We hadn't yet been overly intimate or physical and as much as I was looking forward to that time, certainly didn't want to push things too fast.
I decided it was time to plan a weekend away and rented a nice cabin in a national forest, one with two bedrooms so as not to be too forward. We talked about it and she was excited about the trip. I was excited too but a little nervous - sometimes you learn things about people when you spend time cooped up together, particularly overnight. For her part, she blushed a little and seemed relieved when I told her that there were two bedrooms. We got in late on Friday night and after bringing things in from the car, headed to our rooms for a good night's sleep.
The next morning I woke up to the smell of breakfast and headed downstairs. Lindsay was standing in front of the stove wearing her cute pink pajama pants and a white t-shirt. I immediately noticed the outline of her bra and the waistband of her panties peeking out from the top of her pants. Swallowing hard, I tried to put that out of my mind as I went over and kissed her on the cheek.
"Good morning!" She was her usual cheery self as she scooped eggs and toast onto a plate. I thanked her and poured myself a cup of coffee.
"Lindsey, this is awesome. You didn't have to cook breakfast all by yourself. Why didn't you wake me up to help?"
She smiled. "Oh, it's only fair. You drove the whole way while I slept."
So far, so good. We had a great conversation over breakfast and mapped out our day. We found a nice intermediate trail in the woods, about 5 miles total, that would get us back in time for a good dinner. After dinner, I was hoping to snuggle up with her by the fire and have a couple glasses of wine. I came down first after changing into hiking clothes and getting some supplies together. Lindsey came down about 5 minutes later, wearing khaki hiking shorts, boots, a pink t-shirt, and her hair done in a single braid that fell between her shoulder blades.
"Always wear something visible when hiking, right?" She laughed. "I don't want to get lost and have to decide who eats the other." I kept my immediate thought to myself and opened my pack to show her my stash - a fistful of energy bars, water, emergency flares, satellite radio, and GPS. "Always prepared!" I said. Lindsey nodded approvingly. "Guess we're ready to go!" She bent over to get her bag and out of habit, I looked down to admire her long, beautiful legs and firm ass. I saw a clearly visible panty line which always drives me crazy.
Lindsey stood up quickly and spun around. "Oh," she said while raising her hand. "Almost forgot to mention this to you. I have some allergy medicine in the front pocket of my bag. I'm a little allergic to bee stings and other bug bites, and just thought you should know where they are."
I nodded. "Thanks - I'm sure we'll be fine, but it's always good to have what you need on hand. Why don't I keep a few in my bag just in case something happens to yours?" She smiled and handed a few over.
We headed out to the trail and had a great time. I didn't think it was possible, but Lindsey was even sexier in this settling. She clearly enjoyed being out in the woods and the exertion gave her skin a beautiful glow. She held my arm for a little while and I relished the sensation of her breasts pressed against me. We finished the trail and circled back to the car. Lindsey settled into her seat and leaned back. "What an awesome hike!" She bent over and began to massage her calves. "Ohhhh, I'm going to feel this tomorrow," she said with a grin. "I have a few scratches from all of those thistles too." I glanced over and saw that her t-shirt had ridden up, showing her smooth skin and the waistband of her white panties.
She leaned back with her eyes closed. "Do you mind making a fire after dinner? It should be a nice evening to sit outside."
"Sure," I said. "I had that same thought." After a few minutes, Lindsey opened her eyes and rolled her head on the headrest to look at me. "I'm really glad that we're here. I haven't felt this relaxed in a long time." I smiled back and reached over for her hand.
Just ahead, I saw flashing lights and two police cars blocking the road. I stopped and one officer walked back to the car.
"Sir, the road is closed about a mile ahead. There's a small wildfire that has taken down some trees, so the road will be closed until tomorrow morning while the crews get things cleaned up. I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but you'll have to park here and walk to the ranger station." He gestured over the hood of the car. "It's about a mile down that path, and a bus is there to take you and some other folks back to your cabins. You can get a ride back in the morning to get your car."
I looked over at Lindsey, who shrugged. "One more mile is no big deal. We don't want to be out here all night!" She got out and walked over to the path while I parked the car.
It didn't take long to realize that the cop had been optimistic in his assessment of the trail. Not like we had much choice in the matter. Wide at the beginning, the path narrowed quickly and had a lot more obstacles than the trail we just finished. At one point, Lindsey fell hard while crossing several downed trees. I rushed over as she sat up, rubbing her back.
"Are you ok?"
Lindsey grimaced and stood up slowly as I held her hands. "Yep. Just slid on some moss, no big deal." I put my arm around her waist and rubbed her back as we walked.
We reached the end of the trail about 45 minutes later. I had noticed Lindsey slapping at bugs as we walked, and when we reached the ranger station, she gasped as she was bitten or stung by something. I gave her some water so that she could take an allergy pill.
I looked over at her and frowned. "Sorry about all of this. I didn't mean for us to have such a rough hike. She shook her head while taking another drink of water. "Don't apologize, Jason. This is hiking - occasionally things are a little rougher than you plan. We're fine, right?" What a girl.
We got on the bus to head back to the cabin. As we rode, I noticed that she was looking at all of her scratches and bug bites. She had a lot more bites than I first realized and took another allergy pill. She was pretty quiet and spent most of the ride looking out the window.
We walked back into the cabin and she sat down to take her boots off. As I set my pack down I noticed that she looked to be near tears. I walked right over and sat down on the couch. "Linds, what's wrong? Are you feeling ok? Need any more medicine?"
She looked up and shook her head, her eyes watery. "No, it's fine, but I got quite a few bites. I'm sure that you did too. It's no big deal, but I always make sure that I'm checked after being in the woods. It's just you and me here, and...well, there's really only one way to check to make sure that you don't have any ticks or other bugs on you."
I understood immediately. Having grown up playing outside and in the woods, I was accustomed to stripping down for a bug check. My brothers and I would check each other without a second thought. But here I was with Lindsey, who was a little shy and reserved.
I took her hand. "How about you go take a nice long shower and see how things are? We'll figure things out then." I gave her a quick kiss. She smiled and nodded, then headed upstairs to the bathroom.
I put together some things for dinner as she showered. When she had finished, I went upstairs and took a long hot shower. Lindsey was still upstairs when I came back down. The shower had done wonders for me, and I hoped that Lindsey felt the same.
Lindsey called down and asked me to come upstairs. I jogged up and turned right into her room, then stopped cold. My jaw dropped - there was Lindsey, standing next to her bed wearing only a towel. Her white bra straps stood out against her beautiful smooth skin and she was barefoot.
She took a deep breath and smiled nervously. "Okay," she said, her voice soft and cracking. "We're going to have to treat this like a visit to the doctor's office. You check me and I check you. Neither of us wants to deal with issues from a nasty bug bite."
I recovered somewhat and nodded but my mind was racing. Was this really happening? This was this how we were going to see each other naked for the first time?
Lindsey sat down on the bed and started to lower her towel but stopped. "I can't do this with you dressed. You'll have to take your clothes off too." She smiled shyly. "I've, um, checked everything that I can see on my own." With that, she dropped her towel and sat there on the bed looking at me and breathing more quickly than normal.
Her panties were light blue with white lace trim and a small white bow in the front. Her white bra also had lace trim. I pulled my shirt off and unbuttoned my jeans, pushing them down and stepping out. Lindsey watched me undress and then lay back on the bed with her eyes closed. Without another word, she lifted her hips and slid her panties off. She parted her legs slightly and nodded, her eyes still closed.
I settled down on the bed and was overcome by her soft, smooth skin and the smell of her lotion. Gently placing my fingers on her inner thighs, I slowly worked my way up until I was barely touching her outer lips. She took a deep breath and parted her legs a little more. I ran my fingers along her thighs and outer lips, looking for anything out of the ordinary. She was clearly excited and very wet, and I couldn't do anything but stare at her beautiful glistening pussy and clit. She began to breathe faster as I lightly ran my fingers through her pubic hair, which was trimmed into a small patch.
I lost all focus on what I was supposed to be doing. The intimacy of this, coupled with the excitement of seeing Lindsay naked had made me harder than I could ever remember. After a few minutes, I moved my hands away and she opened her eyes.
"Um, everything is fine. No bites or ticks," I stammered while trying to smile. Lindsey smiled back then turned over onto her stomach, legs slightly spread. This was almost too much for me to believe.
I started the same way, slowly inching my fingers up her thighs until they were stroking her ass. She was exposing herself in the most intimate way possible, and I was so hard I thought I might explode right then.
Lindsey turned back over after a few minutes and put her panties on, but made no move to get any other clothes. "Lie back," she said with a nervous smile.
I was doing my best to stay turned away from her to hide my erection. "Um, Linds...I think I'm ok. I checked pretty well in the shower, and...I'm fine."
She smiled. "Jason, I know what happens to guys. It's fine - don't be embarrassed. I'm laying here in my underwear, right?" I nodded and closed my eyes, then pulled my boxers down. I felt my erection flop against my stomach, which made me flush bright red.
I felt her hand, cool and soft, gently grip my cock and lift it up. The sensation was incredible. She began to stroke my balls with her other hand, her fingers slowly working downward towards my inner thighs. I could feel myself beginning to lose control as her fingers checked me all over. No woman had ever seen me in this way. She continued to grip my cock, slowly tightening then loosening as she worked up and down.
"Lindsey, you have to stop. Really - I...you have to stop."
"Shhhh."
I couldn't believe it. This was happening, and Lindsey wanted it to happen. I stopped fighting and gave in to the sensation. My breathing became ragged as Lindsey stroked my cock faster and faster. I lifted my hips in rhythm with her hand and could feel the orgasm building.
I couldn't hold off any longer. Lindsey continued to stroke me as the orgasm hit, spraying cum onto my chest. After I could breathe again, I opened my eyes and saw her smiling down at me. I saw that she had cum on her fingers and was worried, but she just cleaned them off and didn't seem bothered. She was breathing a little faster and the nervousness appeared to be gone. I quickly cleaned myself up with my shirt as she watched.
Lindsey ran her fingers through my hair. "It's a little early for us to have sex but I figured this would be ok with you. How do you feel?"
I smiled. "Amazing. How about you?"
She took my hand and placed it lightly between her legs, looking right into my eyes. That was all the invitation I needed. I leaned over and kissed her as I rubbed her pussy through her panties, which were almost instantly wet. She moaned and arched her back, and I kissed her neck and shoulders. I reached behind and unhooked her bra, which dropped from her perfect breasts.
She leaned back with her eyes closed, squirming as I massaged her damp panties. With my other hand I cupped and squeezed her breasts, while lightly tugging her nipples. She went wild, head whipping from side to side and thrusting her hips up to meet my hand. I lightly traced one finger up her inner thigh and slipped it inside her panties.
"Yes...please don't stop," she said breathlessly.
I gently slid my finger into her wet pussy. Lindsey screamed and thrust her hips upward as I began to slide my finger in and out, faster and faster. She reached down and began to massage her clit- clearly this was not the first time she had cum.
She lifted her hips and kept them raised as the orgasm hit. She arched her back and screamed as wave after wave hit her, as I kept my finger buried deep inside and she furiously rubbed her clit.
Lindsey slowly lowered her hips and opened her eyes. "Well," she said. "This was not really what I had in mind. I figured I'd be taking care of myself after going to bed every night." I kissed her and dropped down on the bed, completely spent.
We never did have dinner that night.