The other day I told you about my encounter with Amy next door and her two friends. You may well remember that the four of us had a lot of fun subsequent to my helping them with their Biology homework. Well yesterday the story continued as I'm sure you'll be happy to hear.
I was working at home again and around mid-morning there was a knock at the door. It was Lucy. To refresh your memory, Lucy is just 18, tall, leggy, slim, and blonde, with piercing blue eyes and a really flat chest. She had, I suppose by way of compensation, quite large nipples. She looked fabulous as always, in a denim skirt with buttons down the front and a flowery thin blouse over a strappy top. At the ends of her fantastic legs she had some pumps on. Seeing her brought back memories of seeing her naked as few days ago and my heart skipped a beat.
I said hello and invited her in. Once inside she gave me a little peck on the cheek and we went into the lounge. I got her a cold drink and asked her what I could do for her.
"I hope you don't mind me coming round unannounced like this," she said. "You see, the other day you said some really nice things about my body. I've always been really self-conscious of my tiny breasts. I've always gone for the Wonderbra look to try and fashion something out of nothing. But then you told me you liked my chest and encouraged me to flaunt what I'd got. You told me I could do things that girls with bigger breasts couldn't. I'd not really thought about that. Anyway, when I got home I did some thinking and decided I'd make some changes to the way I dress. I decided that as my chest is so flat I don't need the support of a bra really, and anyway, I found the bras I was wearing pretty uncomfortable. I made the decision that I would only wear a bra if I was doing sport, mainly to stop chafing."
"It felt so good the next day being free from the confines of the material. It made me a bit horny too. In fact by lunch time my panties were pretty damp so in the end I ditched those too. I hope you don't mind me telling you this! I wanted you to hear what a difference you'd made to me!"
"Not at all," I answered. "I'm really enjoying this. I'm glad I could help!"
"Thanks for listening," she continued. "Anyway, so I ditched my panties at lunch time. I was wearing a skirt, and it felt great having the air circulating freely up there. It didn't solve the problem of feeling horny - in fact it probably compounded the problem, but as I had nothing on under my skirt things were free to leak and dry as necessary. The cold breeze was absolutely lovely. When I got home I'd had such a lovely day teasing myself that I was able to get myself off in seconds! So I decided that unless it was absolutely necessary, I'd go without panties too. It has been absolutely amazing knowing that I've got no underwear on and nobody really knows."
"Anyway, I got thinking then about some of the things you'd said to me at Amy's house. About how I could flaunt myself. I started to wonder what sort of things you had in mind. And then this morning I bit the bullet and decided to come over and talk to you about it, and see if you could help me work it out. And I was sort of hoping..." here she trailed off and her cheeks went red. It was really cute that she'd suddenly gone bashful and I longed to know what she wanted to say.
"Take your time," I encouraged her. "You've nothing to be embarrassed about with me."
"I know," she went on. "It's just... well... you see, one of the problems I've faced is that because of my lack of confidence in my body I've never really pursued guys in the ways that maybe I should. I've had a few flings with them but they've always shown dissatisfaction in my appearance. So basically I'm still a virgin. I've had toys in there, both from my own playing, and from playing with my girlfriends and so on, but I've never had a cock in there. I was really hoping that we could have some fun today, and then we could have sex later. I really want you to pop my cherry. Call it a thank you for making me realise I do actually look good."
I was slightly flummoxed at this. Why would an 18 year old girl who looked so great want to lose her virginity to a guy twice her age? "Are you sure about that Lucy?" I asked. "I'm basically old enough to be your Dad. Hey I've had sex with Amy and you saw it. Surely you want to wait for something special? Don't get me wrong, I'm flattered by your request, but I don't want you to regret it."
"Well," she said, "Amy tells me your cock feels great. And I want my first time to feel great. Plus you've been really nice to me about the way I look. And all the magazines I read say that sex with an older guy is a great experience. So, yes, I am sure. In fact if you don't agree I might have to take advantage of you!"
On seeing the surprise in my eyes she added: "I'm just joking, but I would be really upset."
I had a bit of a think about it weighing up all the possibilities. The only cons I could think of at the time were that she's young, and that I should be working! There were so many pros. Not least of all the fact that she's hot and by now I was really getting rather aroused.
"Ok," I said. "I agree. We can have some fun and then see about having some great sex later."
She beamed at me and then licked her lips seductively.
"What did you have in mind for the 'fun' side of things," I asked.
"As I said earlier, I've been enjoying not wearing underwear for the last few days. You mentioned that I could flaunt myself and that idea got me wondering. So I thought, maybe you could take me out around town and we could find ways of me making use of the fact I'm not wearing underwear. Maybe tease some folks, and see what happens. I never thought I was an exhibitionist, but the thought of it really turns me on. I want to have a go, but I want to do it with someone who I know appreciates my form the way it is and will hopefully also enjoy the show into the bargain. What do you think?"
"I think it's a great idea," I assured her, "do we need to lay down some ground rules though so you feel safe?"
"I think the only rules we need are that I completely trust you and will do whatever you want me to do. Ultimately I want to be turned on by showing myself off, not humiliated, and that's in your interests too, because if I get really horny you'll get to fuck me later!"
I agreed with this assessment of the situation and turned my thoughts to what she was wearing. I asked her to take off her blouse so I could see her strappy top underneath. She looked great with just the top on, and her nipples were clearly visible beneath the fabric. I recalled how long they got in my mind and immediately felt my cock get firmer than it already was! We put her blouse in my bag for use later. I decided it was a little too transparent for an initial foray into showing off. Then I turned my attentions to her skirt. It was faded denim and had buttons all the way up the front. I clarified with her that all the buttons were real which she assured me they were.
"Here's what I want you to do, Lucy," I explained. "You are in charge of the buttons on your skirt. Whenever you feel ready, I'd like you to undo one, but there is one rule: once it is undone you may not do it up again. You have four buttons there that are not necessary for holding your skirt up. I'd say you can get away with undoing three before you actually provide permanent viewing of your pussy. Although you'll struggle not to show yourself off with less than that undone when sitting down. Particularly if you sit with your legs slightly apart. This is something I'd very much like to encourage you to do. Now just before we head out, I remember the other day you were clean shaven down below. Have you kept yourself trim since then?"
By way of answer she just lifted her skirt showing her beautifully smooth mound. She then smoothed her skirt back down and unbuttoned the bottom button. Nice. I turned my attentions back to her chest. She was pretty well covered, but as I'd already noticed you could really see her nipples poking through the material. That's when I noticed that the top had adjustable length straps.
"Would you mind lengthening the straps on your top, Lucy?" I asked. "Let's make them long enough so that your top only just covers your nipples, and so that if a strap falls off your shoulder you will be showing off a fabulous nipple."
She nodded her assent and turned around. I stood behind her and lengthened the straps. There was just enough play to allow the hem to sit just above her areolas. I slipped my hands under the material and gave her a gentle caress. She shuddered at my touch and let out a small gasp. It was all too tempting to ravish her there and then but I also really wanted to see her showing off, so I took my hands away again and said "let's go!"
We got in the car, my thought being we could drive to a shopping centre to find some people to tease. As Lucy got in I got a lovely view down her top. I'm sure she got in that way in order to show me everything. I wasn't complaining. She sat down in her seat, remembering to keep her legs slightly parted, and then even pulled her skirt further up her legs giving me a great view. I reached over and gave her inner thigh a stroke. She smiled at me and playfully slapped the back of my hand.
"Later!" she crooned, although I'm sure she wasn't completely serious. I pulled my hand away, but made sure to 'accidentally' brush my hand against her pussy. It was slippery with her juices. I made a big show of smelling my fingers and then licking off the moisture. It tasted great.
"Oh behave yourself!" she giggled.
We got to the mall without any further incident, although the sight of her long legs next to me did distract me from the road rather too often for comfort. As we got out of the car there was an old gent sitting in his car just across the car park. Lucy got out in such a way as to give him a treat. She got out one leg at a time giving him a view straight up her skirt, then as she stood up made sure to let one of her nipples fall out of her top. The chap sat there with his chin on his chest breathing deeply. Lucy just giggled, readjusted herself, and put her arm around me and we walked to the escalator.
"That was pretty daring, Lucy," I said, "I thought you were shy about your body?"
"Not with old guys," she replied. "The way I see it they deserve a little treat now and again. And they're not going to take advantage of me, unlike some chaps," she added, and gave my bum a tweak.
We made our way to a coffee shop and Lucy found a table outside as I went to order drinks. As I was waiting for the barista to do his job, I looked round and I could tell loads of guys had noticed Lucy. It was hard to miss her really. Her blonde hair was glowing and her blue eyes looked like they lit up the entire room. And then there were her legs that just went on and on. She was sitting straight in her chair with her legs slightly parted as I'd suggested. You could see a good amount of her thighs. It was really inviting. She caught me looking and reached into her lap and slowly and candidly undid the second button on her skirt. My cock which had had a bit of a relax for a few minutes immediately stood back to attention. I'm sure folks could see the bulge. Still, there wasn't much I could do about it.
I grabbed our coffees and went back to Lucy.
"That was awesome, Lucy," I said. "You've got all eyes on you. I can definitely see some drooling going on and it's not just from the guys!"
"Do you think I should flash a bit more skin then? I'm really enjoying this. You don't think I'm going to get in trouble do you?"
"I think you'll be fine. We'll be careful though and we won't stay in one place for too long. As for showing skin, I think you're doing fabulously, but if you were feeling really brave, then you could let a strap fall off your shoulder when you take a sip of coffee. Let it stay down for a little and then make it look like an accident."
Lucy smiled at me with a devilish look in her eyes. She picked up her coffee and took a big swig. As she did so she dropped her other shoulder and the strap of her top slipped to her elbow. The material sagged, and as I'd hoped her nipple fell out of her top. It was sticking out a full half inch. She was definitely really turned on. Quite a few of the guys around had a double take and I could see a couple of ladies licking their lips. Lucy suddenly went bright red as she 'noticed' her top, and quickly pulled up the strap again, hiding her nipple from view again.
I smiled at her. No words were needed. She looked into my crotch and smiled at the bulge. She stuck her finger into her coffee and the seductively sucked the foam from it. She was so hot!
We finished our coffees pretty soon after that, and I suggested we went to a bar round the corner for something a little stronger. She readily agreed.
I got up and then took Lucy's hand to help her up. As soon as she was standing I drew her in for a kiss. I gently opened my mouth and slipped my tongue into hers and she groaned. I could feel her nipples through her top and my shirt. I couldn't wait to get them in my mouth, to play with them, to pull on them. Lucy must have had similar thoughts because I felt a gentle touch run over the bulge in my pants. I caught my breath and broke the kiss before we got in any trouble!
We strolled around the corner to the bar. There weren't many folks in there with it being before lunch, but it would make a perfect venue for the next part of the plan.
I led Lucy to a low sofa and let her sit down. I asked her what she would like to drink and she indicated that she didn't mind so long as it tasted good and had alcohol in it. The sofa was just the right height for my idea. Lucy's skirt rode up her legs a little as she sat there and she naturally crossed them. I gave her a playful slap on the knee and reminded her about keeping them apart.
"You cunning pervert," she beamed. "I love it!"
She uncrossed her legs ensuring I got a gratuitous beaver shot into the bargain. She was glistening. I'd never seen a pussy so wet actually. I also noticed something I'd not noticed before, she had relatively big labia. She looked so inviting. I really wanted to bury my face in her wetness, but that would probably have resulted in an arrest so I refrained and went to the bar to order drinks.
I came back with a couple of screwdrivers and Lucy gave me a wink: "One track mind!" She chuckled. I laughed too and gave her a theatrical wink. I sat myself down next to her and her hand immediately started rubbing my cock through my trousers.
"I just can't help myself. I'm so excited to get this big boy in me later," she whispered in sultry fashion. I did nothing to stop her. It felt great. We drank our drinks and I saw a chap was about to come over to take the empties away. I leaned over and said softly in Lucy's ear, "When that chap comes to take our glasses, could you try and let him get a good view down your top?"
She smiled at me. The young chap came over. He must have been about the same age as Lucy, but looked pretty immature. He had loads of acne, poor fellow. He was about to bend over to pick up the empties when Lucy leaned forward and picked the first one up. As she did so her top fell away from her chest giving him a good view. I'm pretty sure he would have seen nipples. He'd certainly got more than he bargained for. His eyes bulged! He took the first empty glass from Lucy and she reached to get the other empty for him. As she did so one of her straps found its way to her elbow again liberating her breast fully again. She didn't even bat an eyelid and let the fellow get as much of a look as he wanted to. His body was restricting the view of others in the bar so Lucy happily let him stand there in amazement.
After a little she slowly brought her strap back up to its rightful position and covered herself up. Then she licked her fingers on her hand and slipped it beneath the material and gave her nipple a tweak. She ran her tongue over her teeth as she did this. The poor chap was completely flustered and dropped a glass off the tray to the floor. He knelt down to pick it up and his head was perfectly in line with Lucy's crotch. She knew it, and parted her legs more giving him a view right up her skirt. I think he probably almost passed out at this point. Lucy let him get as much of a view as he wanted and had a beautiful smile on her face. Then he got up, apologised for his clumsiness and made a beeline for the kitchens.
I decided it was time for lunch, and also time to up the ante slightly more. I pulled Lucy's flowery semi-transparent blouse out of my bag and said: "why don't you go to the ladies and change your top for this one? Leave some buttons undone too. Maybe all the way to just above your naval."
She got up and slipped off to the toilets to change. She wasn't gone long. She came back out and boy she looked impressive! Her flowery blouse was undone all the way to just above her naval as I'd suggested and it showed she had a toned tummy. The material let you have a pretty fair impression of what lay beneath. Her dark areolas were particularly visible if you knew what you were looking at. They probably looked like part of the pattern to the un-initiated. Lucy had also taken the opportunity to undo another button on her skirt. Her pussy was covered but really only just. I could see a hint of moisture on her thighs.
I jumped to my feet and took her hand. We walked out of the bar to a restaurant around the corner for lunch. The waiter's eyes nearly popped out of his head when he saw what Lucy was wearing. He sat us down and mumbled something about getting the manager. This concerned me a little but I tried not to let it show.
The manager came out. He was about my sort of age, Italian, and seemed a really nice sort of guy. He bustled over to our table and looked Lucy up and down. "If you two don't mind," he said, "I'd like to do you a deal. This young lady looks absolutely stunning and I can see she is already turning heads. If you would be happy to sit at the most prominent table in the restaurant and let people view you from afar, then I will give you whatever you want to eat or drink, and for your friend too, on the house. I really think your presence here will be good for the business."
I was amazed at his forthrightness, but Lucy smiled and agreed without second thought. The manager took her hand, kissed it, and then helped her up. He led her over to a table in the middle of the restaurant that could be seen well from any part of the room, and you could see it reasonably well from outside too. Lucy sat down and the waiter brought us menus and a bottle of wine. We ordered something light for lunch because by now both of us were getting pretty desperate to fuck. There were quite a lot of admiring glances from across the room. I'm sure some folks went a circuitous route to the toilets too, in order to get a closer view.
At the point where it was clear that the waiter was bringing over our food, Lucy reached once again into her lap and undid another button. This was the last one that she could undo without her skirt falling off completely. All the same, it spread open so much that her pussy was completely exposed. I could see it as I was sitting next to her, and the waiter would see it too. I don't think it was that obvious to others though. She took a sharp intake of breath though and went to do it up again. I reminded her of the rules and she stopped, but looked a little unsure. I assured her it wasn't that obvious to others and she relaxed a little. I couldn't relax though. My cock was rock hard now. The sight of Lucy's pussy out in the open, the constant glimpses of her chest through and under her blouse, and the anticipation of exploding inside her tight cunt later were driving me wild with lust.
The waiter arrived with our food and made sure he gave Lucy's crotch a good ogling. I'm sure he enjoyed it. Neither of us was particularly hungry. We picked at our lunch and sat there for as long as we felt was necessary to fulfill our deal with the manager. Business was certainly brisk. That's for sure.
Once we felt we'd waited long enough I took Lucy's hand and led her out of the restaurant. She was having trouble walking by now. Not because of the alcohol, though. Solely because of the excitement she was experiencing of showing herself off. When standing up her skirt met in the middle enough to be just about decent which was a relief for her I think. But if she took big enough strides it gaped open.
When we got to the car there was no way she could get in gracefully so she just threw caution to the wind allowing anyone who wanted to to have one last view of the gloriousness of her body. She sat down in the car giggling, with her chest heaving from the excitement. She was flushed with a pink glow in her cheeks and her crotch was sopping wet. She looked so happy. Then she reached down and undid the last couple of buttons on her blouse allowing it to hang right open, and then she undid the last button on her skirt letting it fall off completely.
"A special treat for you, as a thank you for helping me have such a good time," she said in a soft voice. I reached over and ran a finger up and down her slit, feeling her wetness. She shuddered again with pleasure.
"Just get me home!" she added with some urgency. I didn't need any encouragement as I drove the short distance home. I left my hand in her crotch for as much of the drive as I could manage. I fondled her pussy lips and rubbed her clit lightly. She had her eyes closed and was playing with her tits, pulling the nipples hard.
When we got home she walked calmly from the car to the house wearing just the blouse that was completely unbuttoned. I've no idea if any neighbours saw but I really couldn't give a shit now. I showed her up to my bedroom and lay her down on the bed. I immediately knelt down on the floor and buried my face between her legs. I lapped up her juices as they spilt out. She really was wet. I pushed her legs further apart to leave her pussy wide open and sunk my tongue as far as it would go into her hole. At the same time I rubbed her nub with my finger. She didn't last long at all as I slurped away. Her whole body collapsed into a massive climax. She screamed my name as she let go, and even more of her oils seeped out onto my face. I was in heaven.
I let her lie on the bed and recover a bit as I undressed. My cock was already throbbing and I knew it wouldn't take much to send me over the edge. But I wanted to make the most of this as it was to be her first time. I helped her out of the blouse she still had on and lay myself next to her. I started kissing her, on her mouth, on her neck, on her chest. I took great pleasure particularly suckling on those amazingly long nipples. I gave one a bit of a nibble and I felt her shuddering under my touch. She started to respond again to my caresses and after a little while I felt her hand on my cock.
She started stroking it gently, massaging the precum around the head with her fingers. From time to time she grasped it fully in her hand or gave my balls a squeeze. Considering her lack of experience she knew how to please me!
I slipped a hand back between her legs and gently pushed a finger inside her. It slipped in so easily as she was still soaked. I carefully slipped in another finger and gently pushed them as far as I could. Lucy was beside herself with ecstasy again. She made lots of lovely noises as I pumped her cunt with my fingers. Then she told me she was ready for the real thing. I decided to keep it simple and climbed on top of her in the missionary position. I lined up my penis with her vagina and told her for the last time that now was the time to stop if she wanted to. She said that she was ready, so I eased myself in. God she was tight! It felt unbelievable. I didn't get in vary far on the first push, but after a bit of easing things around I was able to push myself in to the hilt.
I'm sure my cock was pressing up against her G-spot. I could tell because of the noises that suddenly started coming from her throat. They were different to before. More animalistic. I got into a good rhythm and Lucy joined in. It felt amazing. Lucy was groaning and squealing as I took her virginity. I couldn't hold myself back and within minutes I was pounding her hard. There was the satisfying slap of my balls against her flesh, mixed with the grunts and groans we were now both making. Her tiny tits looked fabulous with the nipples sticking out. There was even a bit of a quiver from her boobs as I pounded her.
Before long I could feel the climax building. I held on for as long as possible, encouraged to do so by the intensity of Lucy's screams increasing. Eventually I hit the point of no return as the tension built and built in my balls before finally releasing in squirt after squirt of warm hot cum filling up this blonde beauty's pussy for the first time. Just after I went over the edge I suddenly felt Lucy's tight walls clench tight around my dick milking me dry. She screamed my name as we both collapsed together.
We lay there for a good few minutes just enjoying each other's proximity as my cock slowly deflated inside her. Eventually I pulled myself out and embraced her once again.
We must have fallen asleep for a while because I awoke with a start realising I should really be getting some work done before I got into trouble. I gently woke Lucy and told her it was time to go. She seemed upset, but said she would go, but only if we agreed to do this again sometime soon. I readily agreed.
I asked her if she needed a lift home, but she said she'd rather walk. She slipped her skirt back on and did up a couple of buttons and then slipped her strappy top back on. She still looked amazing! She thanked me again for everything, left me her number, and walked off down the street.