I wanted to try a less theatrical writing style, unlike what I usually post, and attempt a more stylized approach somewhat like the erotica of the 1960s and the 1970s. I set out to write a different story. One of a three-way between an older couple and a young woman, but the characters and the story took me down this road into BDSM - surprisingly to me.
This is an occasionally violent, disrespectful to woman, fully consensual, BDSM tale. Everyone is 18 or older. Please enjoy.
Chapter One
I was looking at a color Polaroid of a young 18 year old woman's naked pussy.
We were sitting outside on a warm summer's day, both enjoying an ice coffee on the patio of our favorite coffee shop.
It was beautiful, a delicate flower. Waxed bare, not too fleshy, slight lips, the left one a bit larger. Her opening was also delicate. Smaller and lower in her pelvis than many. It looked virginal and was glistening from the moisture leaking out of it. The clit was longer than most, but also slight and delicate like the rest of her. The clitoral hood was pulled back by two fingers with long, red fingernails, in the photo, exposing her pearl's aroused extension. It was enlarged and obviously engorged. Another finger from the other hand was inside the young woman's backdoor buried to the middle joint.
"Do you like her? I own her."
And I looked at Angela.
"She came to me on her own accord."
She continued, "She's very pretty. Actually more than that. You can have her if you want."
"Wait until you see her. She has natural red hair, your favorite, with alabaster skin and freckles scattered across her cheeks, chest and breasts. She has gorgeous green eyes, that you will drown in with a beautiful mouth that is quite wide," and Angela smiled a knowing smile. "Pert, young breasts, a firm behind, and radiant, golden, soft skin, with a light tan thanks our walks on the beach."
"Also, at 5'7" tall she is all legs. I make her wear thigh-highs with a matching thong. With your height she would be a good fit. But no bra. It's so much more fun in public for her not to be wearing a bra. Don't you think?"
If you want her, you can come over for a visit and fuck her, anytime."
"And her name?"
"Beth."
We agreed to all meet in a public place that weekend. An expansive, lovely private garden known for its rose garden that I held a membership in. I made arrangements for their entry.
I waited for them in the rose garden. It was spring and the roses were in full bloom bursting with beauty, color and fragrance.
I spotted Beth walking towards me first. I knew it was her from Angela's description.
She was as advertised and more. A fine, delicate angel sent to earth. She was wearing a loose fitting white blouse unbuttoned from the neck, a short, mostly pink pleated skirt with white thigh high stockings, and heels too long for these gardens. Her fresh beauty took my breath away. As they walked up to me I had to hide my sudden erection with my shirt.
She came up to me, actually curtsied and said, "Sir."
We walked the gardens together strolling up into the forest areas and the deep underbrush making small talk and getting to know each other. Angela and I doing most of the talking while Beth trailed behind.
However, I was aware of her scent. I don't care for perfume and this was not perfume. It was Beth. Fresh as strawberries, and a muskiness that hinted at arousal.
We headed back to the rose garden and found a private spot.
Angela said, "Go find us your favorite rose, pick it with the stem."
"But that's not allowed."
"I know. Pick one."
Beth obeyed, walked out, looked around and found a stunning white/yellow rose whose nameplate said it was named "The Crème de la Crème," looked around again to make sure no one could see, plucked it and came over.
Angela looked at her and calmly said, "Hand him the rose, kneel down and spread you legs."
She did.
"Wider. Now show your new master."
And Beth raised her skirt, tucked it into the waistband, leaned her pussy towards me, reached her hands down to her pussy and softly spread it for me.
The triangle created by her raised skirt and the white thigh highs made a stunning frame for her masterpiece.
Angela, moved her hand down to Beth's virginal flower, and put a finger in it. Held it there for a moment and then started to plunge it in again and again.
"It is pretty isn't it."
I agreed that yes it was. "But I would like it better with a few delicate, red curls right above it.
"I understand." It will be done."
"May I see her breasts."
"Of course." Angela turned her head, "Open your blouse."
And she did revealing two lovely breasts. Somewhere between a B-cup and a C-cup with freckles scattered across the top as promised where the whiter, softer curve of the flesh begins to emerge begging to be pleasured and used.. Her nipples were a delicate pink tipped towards the sky and still slightly puffy as if they were not yet fully matured with her nipples slightly inverted.
"She likes it. I can make her cum if you desire. Would you want to see it?"
And Angela started fucking Beth's beautiful pussy pumping now two fingers in and out of her here in the public garden with hundreds of people walking around with a thumb on Beth's clit rubbing it with serious intention.
Beth started to breathe heavily, and then to pant. She started to buck on Angela's fingers kneeling in the public rose garden, moaning louder, harder, and struggling, not to shout as with a muffled cry she came, pulsing over and over on Angela's practiced hand.
I said, "Some people are coming."
Angela didn't care. She made Beth keep her skirt up, staying exposed, pulled her fingers out of Beth's pussy, slid them into the young girl's mouth, and made her suck them clean of her own juices.
I couple walked by shaking their hands in disbelief.
Angela looked at me and said, "She needs a souvenir of our meeting don't you think?"
"Is there a safe word?"
"Yes, of course."
Angela looked at me with a confident nod.
And I reached down with the rose and its stem, leaned over, tickled her clit with the petals for a while. Teasing her, and then turned the stem around so the flower was now sticking in front of her pussy and stuck Beth's sweet young vulva deeply with a thorn until she bleed dragging it slowly up about a quarter of an inch and handed the rose back to her. I looked back at Beth as a tear formed and a drop of blood from her vulva joined it and began to slowly drip down her inner thigh to fertilize the garden's grounds.

Chapter Two
I was invited to dinner. 7:00 o'clock at Angela's flat. I arrived on time not sure what the dress code was so I decided to go with cocktail casual. Angela opened the door and I seemed to have made the right choice.
She ushered me in, took my coat and invited me into the elegant living room where hors d'oeuvres and chilled white wine was waiting.
The finest Russian caviar presented in the traditional manner sitting upon chopped ice within a silver bowl, a mother of pearl spoon to serve it upon toasted bread points with chopped hardboiled egg, diced red onion, chives and capers to garnish.
She was elegant enough to provide sliced lemons on the side to refresh your fingers.
Angela poured the wine. We both helped ourselves to the caviar. Magnificent. I went for another, and offered her one which she kindly accepted.
"And where's the girl?"
"She'll be down in a moment. I thought you would want some private time with me first."
She arched an eyebrow with a surprisingly open mouth. I notice her open her legs slightly.
Angela was dressed in a black cocktail dress, simple with no arms, a lightly jeweled neckline that plunged slightly, a golden, chain belt that hung loose from her hips, black velvet heels with black stockings and her brown hair swept back elegantly to frame her face and dazzling diamond earrings dangling from her ears.
"You look beautiful tonight."
"Thank you," she said as she lowered her head and looked up at me with her large hazel eyes just the way the late Princess Di used to do. She reached out and touched my forearm.
"As always, you are quite handsome."
I took her hand and gallantly said, "Thank you."
We made small talk. Society gossip, the goings on with family and friends, a venture here and there into politics. We thought alike.
I poured more wine for the two of us, looked her in the eye and said, "Why are you doing this?"
There was no hesitation, "My gift for you."
My turn to raise an eyebrow.
"For past favors."
"And what are we doing here?"
"Training her."
"
"Oh, I see. And the girl?"
"Would you like her to join us?
I nodded my head. Angela leaned over to the coffee table, raised a little silver bell and rang it. A few minutes later Beth joined us.
She was wearing another white blouse. This one with a Peter Pan collar and a scooped neck with three buttons undone revealing her freckles, cleavage, no bra, and a hint of more. Another short, pleated skirt, in the greens to compliment her hair, black thigh highs for the evening, silver flats with her flaming red hair tied back deliciously in a long pony tail behind her back.
Her makeup was light and appropriate for a school girl.
She came over, gave Angela a kiss on both cheeks and the same with me and then went to the other side of the table and knelt down on the carpet with her knees open and her hands behind her back.
"Angela looked at her and said, "Wider."
Beth moved her knees further apart to Angela's approving nod.
I said, "Underpinnings?
Angela commanded Beth to lift up her skirt to reveal her beautiful flower without underwear but now framed by a black garter belt. They weren't thigh highs. I guessed wrong.
The beauty of Beth's perfect pussy, so pink, young, untouched, and inviting was spectacularly framed by the black of the garters and the nylons. I noticed a few day's growth of a touch of red hair just about the clitoris as requested.
"Remain like that," Angela commanded as she carried a prepared caviar toast point towards Beth to eat. Which she did, gratefully.
I was difficult to sit there and hide my emerging erection to this spectacular sight. I decided to indulge myself.
"Before we move to supper may I make a request?"
"Make a command. What is mine is yours."
I turned towards Beth, "Take off your blouse and reveal your breasts."
Slowly without hesitation, she undid the rest of the buttons revealing her beautiful upper body.
She opened the blouse over the alabaster skin from the lacked of the sun, the soft, gentle swelling of firm breasts emerging invitingly in a dazzling display of soft skin, tender breasts begging to be licked and caressed, and ripe, pert nipple begging for attention.
I choose to ignore it all. Stood up, walked over to her, unzipped my trousers, took out my very hard erection and presented it to her.
"Satisfy me."
She looked up at me and nodded. Took a hold of my pulsing cock and slowly brought it to her mouth.
I look over at Angela and she nodded approval.
I look down at Beth and said, "You will love my member and make me climax."
The adorable young woman lowered her mouth upon my cock to give it a delicate lick. She grabbed it with a practiced hand, started to stroke it lightly, and gently eased it towards her mouth. She stuck her tongue out and teased the hole at the top and then took me into her mouth with her hand cradling my heavy balls.
Angela was correct. Beth's mouth was wide enough to accept my thicker than average cock. Many couldn't.
She knew what she was doing. Between mouth, tongue, and hand on my cock it wasn't long that I was about to have a very large orgasm.
My balls were tightening up into my body so hard that they were starting to hurt. I wrapped my hand around the back of her red hair to seize her ponytail, yanked her head back and then brutally shoved it down to the base of my cock with her delicate button of a nose pressed into my small patch of pubic hair, and held it in place on my prick. Moving my pelvis I fucked her mouth roughly into her throat with no regard for her gagging or discomfort as I started to violently cum.
The first shots went deep into her throat, but I pulled my cock out so that the next eight or so streams of sperm shot all over her face from forehead, to nose, to cheeks, mouth and chin. The thick strings dripping down her pristine beauty painting her with a enthralling eroticism that she had never experienced prior.
I pulled back panting and looked over at Angela after bathing Beth's face with my cum, "Don't you think she should stay this way for dinner? What lovely makeup."
Beth kneeled there still stunned with my sperm dripping down from her hair, forehead, mouth, chin and onto the rest of her and her clothes.
And Angela smiled at me.
"She's never looked lovelier. I agree. I think she should wear it during dinner. Wouldn't that be a charming thing?"
I took Beth's pristine pleated skirt, wrapped it around my cock, wiped it clean, tucked it back into my trousers, and we all got up and went into the dining room for supper.

Chapter 3
Angela decided we should all go shopping together. I was agreeable and we met on a block of the finest shopping street in the city filled with stores of the world's top designers and brands.
Angela greeted me warmly with kisses on both cheeks and a generous hug. Beth did not. She regarded me coldly which I found highly dissatisfying
Angela had expensive tastes.
We casually strolled up and down the boulevard popping into stores so Angela could look at and try on various items. On occasion she would pick something out for Beth, hold it up, and turn to me for my thoughts. I would nod yes or no.
Based off her purchases, I seemed to be the final arbiter of taste that afternoon.
I watch Beth model an attractive designer outfit. A fitted suit with, of course, a short pleated skirt that moved nicely as she twirled. I looked at Angela and suggested a different blouse to go with it.
I elected to pay for it and told the sales woman that we would bag Beth's clothes and she would wear the new outfit out.
She did.
We continued our stroll down the street mostly window shopping as the multitudes walking passed us couldn't help but notice the entirely transparent blouse that I had selected and Beth's young, beautiful breasts fully on display as she walked down the street with our hands holding her arms wide open placing the perfection of her breasts on exhibit for all to see.
I saw the eyes of many Brooks Brother's suited business men sneaking peeks or even out-right staring. Based off of their faces, I was certain there would be a lot of early post-lunch trips to the men's room bathroom stalls that afternoon.
My dissatisfaction was churning. Agitating me greatly. I looked at Angela and said, "The girl has been disrespectful to me which also means to you."
Beth heard me and stop walking and hung her head in fear.
"That does not please me, and it should not please you."
Angela nodded.
"I think a correction is in order."
Angela nodded again, and I led us down a grimy, side alley.
"Drop to your knees and open your mouth."
She did.
Angela looked at Beth and commanded, "Don't you know better? Widen your mouth and your legs, and your hands behind your back."
Beth obeyed.
"You are going to suck me off right here and it will be hard and fast or you will face my whip for the first time later if you don't."
She opened that wide mouth, I shoved my already hard cock in, fucked her throat hard and fast with no consideration for her pleasure or discomfort. Got ready to release my heavy load, and pulled out, pointed my prick at Beth innocent, sweet, young face and once again painted it with my sperm.
Painting it like Picasso did his paintings. With care and an artist's grace. From hair down to chin, throat and the beautiful, new transparent blouse.
I stepped back to admire my handy work and looked back at Angela for approval.
Her eyes were glistening, her chest was a tad sweaty and she was softly panting in excitement.
I took that as a yes.
I said, "Shall we continue shopping?"
And I lifted Beth up without allowing her to clean up, we walked out of the alley, and I guided us into Gucci with my sperm dripping off of Beth's sweet face.
The young Gucci sales girl casually came up to us, and said "Can I help you?" Automatically, without actually look at the two of us or Beth.
"Yes," I said. "We would like to buy her an ensemble. "
The innocent Gucci salesgirl looked up at Beth's cum soaked face and look at us in shock with distress in her eyes.
"Really?!"
"Most definitely yes, " I said. "And I will pay cash.
She nodded and guided us into a tour of the store. After all, she was on commission.
Beth looked more beautiful than she ever had in her life as she sperm-walked around the floors of the Gucci showroom with the wealthy of the world staring at her.
Occasionally, for the salesgirl, I would stop Beth, and have Angela lick some cum off.
It happily always made our young salesgirl blanch.
We went into the fitting room together and tried two outfits.
While I had her in the underpinnings of no bra, thong, and thigh highs, I put Beth over my lap and gave her butt its first true spanking. Hard and fast.
She cried out loudly with each slap for all others in the changing rooms to hear.
We stepped out with my cum still on Beth's face, and my red, handprints burning on the cheeks of her bottom.
"We will take them all," I said. "American Express Platinum OK?"
It was and we departed walking back down the street with Beth's face still covered by my cum.
"Doesn't she look delicious? I asked Angela.
She agreed.
So I took my finger, swept it up Beth's face, collected some of my cum and placed it into Angela's mouth. She sucked it and drank it like nature's own honey.
I did the same and placed my finger into my mouth at the time. Sucked and cleaned my finger dry, and turned towards Angela, put my face on hers and my tongue in her mouth and gave her a deep, soul, cum kiss. Mingling our two cum soaked mouths together, licking back and forth swapping its salty goodness. I thought I felt Angela's knees buckle a bit. Maybe not.
I turned towards Beth standing next to us the street, and slapped her hard.
"If you ever disregard me in the same way again, I will severely punish you," and slapped her again.
"Is that understood?"
I placed my right hand upon her left breast, took hold of her delicate nipple through the translucent blouse with my thumb and index finger, and began to pinch it until it was flat. I looked her in the eye commanding her glaze, and then started rotating my fingers twisting her nipple until the pain became so overwhelming that she dropped to her knees weeping.
Kneeling before me on the busiest shopping street in the city with thousands passing by her, Beth looked up at me, and said.
"I am sorry master. Please forgive your slave this one time. I will never do it again and deserve any punishment your think I've earned."
I looked down at her, and over to Angela, and said, "And what should that be?"
Chapter 4
I had to leave town for a few days on business. The work was involving, but my time alone in my hotel room after dinner with colleagues was not. The television was boring me, I don't have the attention to stream and binge watch on the road, and I am not a fan of internet pornography. Sexual popcorn for teenagers. I had brought a book, but it turned out to be too thick and stodgy for my current mood.
On my third night my phone "dinged" with a text from Angela. Attached was a photo of Beth on her knees, opened wide in the proper position, hands behind her back and face with mouth open as Angela held a long, thin vibrator against her clitoris.
It was a highly stylized, beautifully designed vibrator from Lelo, the Swedish, intimate lifestyle company which are extraordinarily expensive and is only sold in the most exclusive, high-end stores. I would expect nothing less from Angela.
You could tell from the red on her cheeks, the closed eyes, and the juices on the vibrator that Beth was aroused and close to her climax.
I took a shower. Dried off, blew my hair dry, walked into my room, opened the minibar to pour myself a vodka, and opened my phone laying on the bed.
Three more photos were waiting for me.
The first showed Beth stretched out on the bed with her arms above her head. Her red hair undone, flowing around her head like a frame in a museum. Her pert breasts were pulled upwards for their best angle. The pink, slightly inverted nipples staring right at the camera. Her slender, long model's leg were bare, oiled and open. The oil extended up to include her sex that now had a few red haired curls above. Her stocking being stripped off for now.
The vibrator had been replace with a rather large dildo that was rudely and seemingly unpleasantly inserted deeply into her small vaginal opening. You could see its bulge in Beth's soft, thin belly. Angela's bright red nails were clutching it in an aggressive manner that implied traumatic force. .
In the second one, the dildo was still within Beth's delicate vagina but now pulled out with only its head within her. I could see streaks of blood upon the dildo mixed with the juices from Beth's small, tender pussy. By all indications, Angela had just angrily taken Beth's young cherry with the dildo
There were tears, once again, streaming down Beth's tender cheeks.
I stared at the photo examining the streaks of blood and marveling at the audacity of the act. Taking the young girl's virginity with a silicone dildo.
The third was different. A lower angle with a change in lighting. It looked like a selfie. Angela was laying down between Beth's slender thighs, with her right hand raised up to the girl's left breast and her mouth firmly upon her sex.
Angela's tongue was protruding out from her mouth elongated to its furthest reach and curled underneath Beth's clit that was being expose by the older woman's other hand. The long red finger nails pulling back the clitoral hood.
I could see how aroused and engorged Beth's clitoris had become from the attention and her juices and blood were dripping down out of her sweet, deflowered pussy down Angela's chin and her own legs. And Angela was looking straight into the camera at me with her eyes screaming lust and desire.
I was not sure who it was a photo of.
I called her. After hellos I said, "That last photo was revealing."
"Really? I though enticing."
She laughed.
"You deflowered her."
"Yes, I was doing you a favor. Got that messy business out of the way. Now she is open and ready for you."
"Did it occur to you that I wanted that privilege?"
"Oh, that's the way a man thinks. Trust me it is better this way."
"We may disagree." And I slammed the phone down angrily. I thought I heard a surprised gasp on the other end as I did.
(More to come.)