Business was good, a little too good for my tastes. I was working with a new client in a new town. I had been in this little one horse town for two weeks and only had two days off. Twelve, twelve to fourteen hour days, was too much from my point of view. When the client said he wanted to take the weekend off for Halloween, I readily agreed.
As I was packing up my laptop and equipment, Jerry, the client said, "There's going to be a Halloween costume party out at the country club tonight, why don't you join us. My wife has asked to meet you and this would be the perfect time."
"A costume party? Man, I don't have a clue about a costume or where to get one. I had time to pack one bag and my toothbrush before I got on the plane to come here. Maybe I should pass. Anyway, I need to catch up on my rest." I really didn't want to spend any more time with this guy. Working with him was bad enough.
With a shrug Jerry replied, "I had to offer. If you change your mind just give me a call, you have my cell phone number."
"Will do," I told him as I picked up my computer bag. "Have a good weekend."
"You too," I heard him say as I went out the door.
*****
Jerry's office was downtown and my motel was out by the airport. It's only about ten miles but the quality of the rental cars available here is terrible. The car I had didn't have air conditioning and ran as if it was on its last legs. I wasn't surprised when it started to overheat about a mile from the motel.
I ended up coasting into a service station parking lot in a cloud of steam. I called the rental agent and he said, "I'll send someone as soon as I can but it might be a few hours or even tomorrow morning. My mechanic has already left for the day."
With a frown, I asked, "Do you have another car?"
"Not right now but I'm supposed to have one returned in the morning. If not then my mechanic can get that one back to you tomorrow afternoon at the latest," was his reply.
With a sigh and a shake of my head, I said, "I'll leave the keys under the floor mat." I didn't hear if he said anything else because I hung up on him.
A one mile walk with a computer and equipment bag in ninety degree heat was not something I had planned for but I didn't have much choice. I wasn't going to hang around on a street corner. My tie went into the bag and my suit coat went between the strap handles. With my shirt collar unbuttoned and my sleeves rolled up, I headed out.
*****
By the time I reached the motel, I was soaked with sweat and halfway to a heat stroke. I dropped the computer bag in my room and headed for the bar and a cold beer. The air conditioning in the bar chilled me when I first walked in but felt damned good.
"Bill, you look like you took a detour through the swimming pool," Rita the bartender said as I sat down on a stool.
"I probably would have, if I had thought of it. I sure as hell couldn't get any wetter. That junk pile they call a rental car broke down and I had to walk," I told her.
"One glass of water and one beer coming up," she said as she turned away. "Drink the water first and then sip the beer. We don't need you getting a heat stroke."
"Thanks Rita," I said and grinned. Rita was the mother hen type. I had already figured that out. This was usually my first stop after work, here and then the restaurant across the way.
Rita returned with the water and beer. As she watched me drink the water, she asked, "Are you coming to the Halloween party tonight? It's going to be a costume party but you don't have to dress up if you don't want to."
"That's two costume parties I've been invited to this afternoon. Is someone trying to tell me something?" I said with a grin.
"I love costume parties," Rita said. "I'm coming as a black cat. Tail, ears, whiskers and all."
"If that's all that you're going to wear, I sure won't miss the party," I replied with a big grin.
Rita giggled and slapped me lightly on the hand. "I'm wearing a cat suit too."
I chuckled and ran my eyes up and down her slender, well filled out body. "That'll work and I'll be here, believe me. Just remember to yell if you need help pinning that tail on or something."
Rita laughed and shook her head. "You're terrible."
"Yeah I know but I can't help myself around pretty women. I've got to flirt with them or die."
"Flirting is good, I like to flirt myself," she said and then added, "I'll keep you in mind for the tail thing."
"Promises, promises," I told her with a lecherous smile.
She giggled as she turned and went toward the other end of the bar and a group of construction workers. I watched her well rounded ass sway as she walked away. For an older woman, she was still in great shape. I sure wouldn't kick her out of bed for eating crackers or anything else for that matter.
*****
I finished my water and then the beer. Both went down nice and smooth. When I ordered another beer, I asked Rita what time the party started.
"Officially, it starts at eight but the crowd won't show up until nine or nine thirty," she told me and then added, "So, you are coming, right?"
I nodded. "I'll get a shower and something to eat before I do though."
"I'm going home to change here shortly myself," she said and then she leaned over the bar toward me. "Do you want to come with me?"
I did a double take and Rita laughed. "You're about my husbands size and I may have a costume for you. It's one he wore a few years ago, a hillbilly outfit."
"Uh, what's he going to say about you bringing me home and lending me his stuff?"
"Not much, he's been dead for almost a year now."
"I'm so sorry," I told her.
"I'm not, he was a mean son of a bitch most of the time and an asshole all of the time. At one time, he was a good man but that was over twenty years ago when I married him. If it hadn't been for the kids I would have left him years ago. As it was, the last kid left about the time he did."
"Some guys just don't appreciate a good woman."
Rita grinned and winked at me. "Ain't that the truth." She paused a second and added, "I get off in an hour."
"Then I need to go get a shower and something to eat."
"Have another beer, you can shower at my place and I'll fix us something to eat. I love to cook and there's no one to cook for but me. I have an icebox full of leftovers."
"Well, thank you," I told her.
*****
Rita's car had air conditioning. I had almost forgotten what that was like. When I relaxed back in the seat with a deep sigh, Rita grinned at me. "The air conditioning was out on the rent a wreck rental car again, I take it."
"You mean it actually worked at one time?" I asked grinning back at her.
"Everything in this town worked at one time but after a while everything wears out, even the people. The heat, the humidity, time, they all take a toll."
"Then why are you still here?" I asked.
She shrugged and shook her head. "No place to go and no reason to go there. I have my little house, a fairly good job that I enjoy most of the time and...." She let the sentence trail off, as she looked thoughtful.
"That's about it, I guess," she added a moment later.
"I shouldn't have asked that. It really is none of my business," I said apologetically.
"You don't learn if you don't ask. Anyway, I have asked myself the same question many a time. I don't have family here, a lot of friends yes but no real family." Again, she paused in thought.
"I guess the main reason I stay is I'm afraid to go anywhere else. I'm comfortable here."
"Comfortable can be good."
Rita laughed as she made a turn into a side street. A narrow side street shaded by large oaks that overhung the road. Small neat houses lined both sides of the street, manicured lawns spread before each one.
"This does look comfortable," I said as I looked around. "There may be more to this town than I've given it credit for."
"It does have its good points and I've always loved this neighborhood. I was raised a few blocks over from here. From my fathers house to my husbands without the need for a moving van."
"You were married young, I take it."
"Right out of high school and barely seventeen. Yes, that was far too young but then again...." Rita pulled into a driveway and stopped. The small house was neat and the yard immaculate.
"So, that makes you thirty nine, more or less," I said with a grin.
"For another few months and then the big four zero shows up," Rita said with a big frown and a deep sigh.
"There's nothing wrong with forty. I've been there a couple of years myself."
Rita looked at me and winked. "I'm not worried about it to tell the truth. It's just a number and I know that. The only problem is the number of eligible men keeps getting smaller."
"The same can be said of the number of women," I replied softly.
"I know far more single women my age than I know single men. So...." She let the sentence trail off as she opened her door.
I got out on my side of the car and looked at her over the roof. "I work too much and I'm seldom in the same place for very long so I gave up looking a long time ago."
As she walked around the front of the car she asked, "Have you been married?"
I shrugged and then shook my head. "Close once but it ended badly a few weeks before the wedding." I told her as I followed her up the sidewalk toward the front porch.
"That doesn't sound good," she said with a smile as she stopped on the first step. "You're not an axe murderer or anything like that, are you?"
I screwed my face up in a scowl with my jaw offset. I took a couple of steps forward with my left arm dawn up, my hand in a claw, my right leg dragging on each step. "No, Mistress, I've never killed anyone on purpose but accidents do happen."
Rita laughed and shook her head. "I guess you've been told you're crazy a time or two, right."
I straightened up and nodded. "A sense of humor keeps me sane most of the time."
"I know that feeling well," Rita said as she turned and continued up to the porch. She unlocked the front door and opened it. "Welcome to my parlor, said the spider to the fly."
"I thought that was, Mi casa, your casa."
"Yeah it is but the spider line works better with Halloween," she said with a smile as she went inside.
The house was as neat inside as it was outside and very comfortable looking. "Nice place," I told Rita.
"Thanks. It's more work than it's worth but it's all I have so taking care of it is the least I can do." She crossed the living room to the kitchen. "Care for a beer, while I get my shower?" She asked.
"Sure, why not. You are driving tonight, right."
She came out of the kitchen with two beers. "You still have a room at the motel right, so no one has to drive if they don't want to."
"A very good point," I said as I took a beer from her.
She turned toward a hallway and started that way as she said, "Kick off your shoes and relax, I won't be long."
I waved at her as she entered the hall. "If you need someone to scrub your back or anything else, just scream," I called out as I sat down on the couch.
*****
I finished about half the beer and sat it on the coffee table. I must have dozed off because I awoke to find Rita leaning over me, shaking my shoulder. She had a towel wrapped around her head and she was wearing a short silk looking robe. Bent over the way she was had the front of the robe falling open. My eyes instantly found the cleavage and half of one breast that was showing.
Rita straightened up slowly, my eyes following her chest. "You're not dead, that's for sure," she said with a smile as she pulled the robe closed. "Time for your shower, while I find us something to eat."
"Nice robe," I said as my eyes dropped to her bare legs and lower thighs.
"I live alone and it's always warm around the house, so I don't own a long robe," she said. "I usually don't wear this much unless I have company and you qualify as company."
"I'm glad to hear I qualify for something," I replied with a grin. "Although the thought of you running around without that robe is very interesting."
"Interesting in thought maybe but scary in actuality," she said with a grin of her own. "Gravity sucks, if you happen to be female."
"Not just for females," I said as I stood up. "My chest seems to like being around my waist as I get older."
She reached out and patted my stomach. "Not bad for middle age," she said and then laughed. "You should see some of the guys that come into the bar. Not only do they waddle but if they fell down they would roll."
"I'm not to that point yet but... I could definitely use more exercise."
"Couldn't we all," she said and then sighed. "Go get your shower. I laid out a clean towel and a pair of my husbands old shorts and a t-shirt."
"Have you got a trash bag for the clothes I'm wearing?"
"I'll bring you one in a minute," she said as she turned and walked toward the kitchen.
I watched the sway of her ass and the way it moved under that short robe for a second and then headed for the bathroom with a smile on my face.
*****
Getting out of the shower, I started to dry off and then grinned as I saw a white trash sack lying on top of the shorts and a t-shirt. Rita had been there and gone and I hadn't even noticed. The shower door was clear but had frosted strips across it. I wondered what had or hadn't been showing.
With the shorts and shirt on, I put my dirty clothes in the bag. I felt a whole lot better and I knew I definitely smelled better. The shorts and shirt were both tight so I guessed her husband had been a smaller guy. The soft cloth of the shorts didn't exactly cup my manhood but it didn't hide it either. Thankfully the t-shirt covered at least part of problem.
*****
I sat the sack down by the couch and entered the kitchen. Rita was sitting at the kitchen table with a plate in front of her. Her legs were crossed at the knee and one side of the robe had fallen open, displaying her right thigh to the swell of her ass. There was definitely nothing wrong with her legs.
The front of the shorts felt a little tighter as I crossed the room and sat down at the table. There was a plate of food in front of me and a large glass of iced tea. There was ham and turkey, as well as mashed potatoes and green beans.
I took a sniff and smiled. "This smells wonderful."
Rita smiled back at me, finished chewing the bite in her mouth, and said, "I cook way too much when it's just me, but I can't help it."
"I love to eat. That's another reason my chest is in my lap," I said as I forked the green beans.
"If I didn't walk, stoop, and bend so much at work, I'd weight three hundred pounds," Rita said between bites.
"I don't usually get that much exercise. Computer work isn't that physical."
"Then you need a membership to a gym or something."
I chuckled and shook my head. "I'm not in one town very long, remember. Anyway, a gym is too much work in my opinion."
"Exercise should be fun," Rita said and then grinned at me.
"Yeah it should," I replied with a like grin.
"Want to?" She asked a second later.
My fork stopped halfway to my open mouth. "Uh.... Want to what?" I asked for clarification. I knew what I was thinking but was she thinking the same thing.
She laid her fork aside and took a sip of her tea. I finished the bite on my fork as she stood up. My eyes grew wide and my mouth dropped open again as she opened the short robe and then shrugged it off her shoulders. I was on my feet before it hit the floor.
Rita grinned and then laughed. "My exercise equipment is in the spare bedroom and I always exercise in the nude."
That stopped me dead in my tracks as I had started around the table. "Uh... uh... uh..." I said wittily.
Rita laughed again and sat back down at the table. "But I'm going to finish eating first."
Confused as hell, I returned to my seat, my eyes wandering over the portion of Rita that I could see and pictures of her standing up flashed on and off in my brain. It was obvious that she used the exercise equipment. Her breasts were not large but they were well rounded and sat well on her chest. Her stomach looked soft but not flabby. There were light stretch marks visible.
While I was still trying to sort things out, she asked, "Those shorts looked a little tight earlier, how are they fitting now?"
I shifted in my chair and looked down. My hard-on was prominently displayed in the front of the shorts in question. "Uh, snug, very snug," I replied as I looked up at her.
"Good, I'd hate to think my getting naked had no effect on you."
"Oh, it's had several effects, believe me."
Rita laughed then went back to eating.
I watched her eat for a moment and then resumed also.
We ate looking at each other in silence for several minutes and then she said, "You must think I'm a terrible tease."
"Well, no, you're actually pretty good at it," I replied with a grin.
She blinked twice and then laughed. "You're sharp and I like that."
"You're crazy and I like that."
She chuckled softly and nodded. "I am feeling a little wild and crazy. I think it's the company I'm keeping."
"Speaking of company, I seemed to have been promoted."
"Yes you have but I'm still not sure to what level."
"What levels are there?" I asked as I laid my fork down. I had my fill so it was time to quite eating.
"There are friends, close friends, and then there is one more classification."
I took a sip of tea and asked, "Friends with benefits?"
She nodded and said, "Exactly." She ate one more bite and laid her fork aside. "I only have one person in my life with that classification."
"I've had a few in my past but none at the present."
She nodded. "You don't seem the type to have a girl in every town. You flirt and kid but you're never serious about it. Not truly serious, anyway."
"You read people fairly well," I said with a smile. "Flirting is fun and it's also what most people expect."
Rita stood up and turned around slowly. "Nice, very nice," I said and then added, "You're in better shape than most twenty year olds."
"You should have seen me at twenty," she said looking at me over her shoulder. She bent at the waist and picked up her robe. Her ass was oval shaped and looked very firm. Her sex was shaven and peeked at me from high up between her thighs.
I gave a soft low whistle and then said, "If you were any better, you would have been a walking dream."
She laughed as she straightened up. She hung the robe on the chair and shook her head. "I weighted close to two hundred pounds."
"That is hard to believe."
"I didn't do anything except housework and eat. We never went out and we never did anything together. I was bored, frustrated, and lonely. Eating was my escape."
"Was he abusive?" I asked and then quickly said, "Uh, never mind, that's none of my business."
Rita picked up her plate and then mine. She stacked them and then got the silverware. Picking it all up, she started for the sink and then stopped. "No so much physically as mentally. I never did anything right or the way he liked it done. He was just angry all the time." With that said, she went on to the sink.
I was thinking what an asshole her husband was as I stood up and carried our tea glasses over to the counter next to the sink. I returned to the table to wipe it down with a paper towel. I tossed the towel in the trashcan by the back door and turned to see Rita looking at me. She grinned and turned back to rinsing the dishes.
"What? Is there something wrong?" I asked.
Without turning around she replied, "You just did more than my husband ever did in twenty something years."
"The word asshole keeps rolling around in my head."
Rita nodded and replied, "I told you as much in the car."
"Yeah you did, but it's just now starting to sinking in."
With a shrug Rita said, "Live and learn, as the old saying goes."
I watched her ass make small circles as she scrubbed a plate. With a grin I said, "I think I'm learning a lot."
She looked at me over her shoulder questioningly. I smiled and replied to her unspoken question, "Watching a naked woman do the dishes is a new experience for me. It's interesting how moving one part of the body moves another."
She shook her head as she went back to scrubbing the plate. A few seconds later, she chuckled. "I'd never noticed that my ass moves when I do this but I do remember the pencil sharpener from school. I thought it was funny back then but back then no one was naked."
"There is nothing funny about it, believe me," I replied my eyes going back to her ass. "It's very provocative in fact."
"I noticed the snugness in those shorts earlier, when you were throwing the paper towel away. I'll take that as a compliment. And for your information, those shorts never had that big of a snugness in them before."
"Uh huh, and I'll take that as a compliment," I said as I moved over beside her.
She glanced my way and I asked, "Anything I can do to help?"
Her eyes dropped to the front of my shorts for a second and then she grinned as she turned back to the dishes. "Not really, I'm about done."
From where I stood now, I could see her breasts move as she washed the silverware, rinsed it, and put it in the dish drainer. "It's also an interesting view on this side," I said a moment later.
She looked at me for a second and then went back to washing the last of the silverware. "Having you watch me is very interesting also. I like it, to tell the truth. You look without the leer so many men would have. It's an appreciative look."
"What's not to appreciate? You're a good looking woman."
She put the last of the silverware in the drainer and let the water out of the sink. She rinsed the sink and then turned to look at me. She looked me up and down and then said, "You are entirely over dressed."
"Are you going to look at me appreciatively or with a leer?" I asked with a semi serious look on my face.
She grinned and whispered, "I haven't decided yet."
When I pulled the t-shirt off over my head, she was drying her hands. She looked me over and said, "Not bad at all, now follow me." Then she turned and headed for the door to the living room.
I followed her into the living room and then down the hall to the last door on the left. It was a bedroom and hers, I assumed. She went to a closet and rummaged around in a back corner. I stood there and watched as she stretched up on her toes and leaned in. She moved some clothes on the hanger rack around and then stepped back with what looked like a pair of overalls in her hand.
"Try these on with the shorts and without the shirt first," she said handing them to me.
I tossed the shirt on the bed and put the overalls on. They were baggy and a little short as I did the shoulder strap up on one side. There was no strap on the other. She tucked the loose side of the bib in, in the front and then in the back. I stepped over in front of a full length mirror next to the closet. I looked like an older hillbilly yokel.
"Not bad," I said.
She looked me over and unsnapped the side snaps at each hip. "Definitely with the shorts, otherwise I know a couple of ladies that I would have to hurt before the nights over."
I turned around and she adjusted the shoulder strap higher, which covered more of my chest and made the legs even shorter. She checked the side opening again and then grinned. "You could almost loose the shorts with it like this but...."
With a shake of my head, I said, "With the shorts most definitely, otherwise at times there might be an obvious tent in the front of these overalls. Especially, if you wear that cat costume with nothing on under it."
"Is there any other way?" she asked as she turned and walked over to her chest of drawers. Squatting down, she opened the bottom drawer and got out a plastic wrapped package.
She tossed the package on the bed and walked over to me. Her arm went around my neck and she stepped close to kiss me lightly on the lips. My hands went to her hips as I returned the kiss. She was warm in my arms, her one breast pressed to the bare side of my chest felt so good. I used both hands to caress her back from the swell of her ass to her shoulders.
Rita whimpered softly and broke the kiss. She smiled at me and stepped away. "You have gentle hands and a tender kiss," she whispered as her hand snaked inside the opening at the side of the overalls. She ran her hand over the bulge of my dick and then squeezed the shaft firmly. "And this is as hard as an iron bar," she added with a grin.
She ran her hand over it again and then sighed as she removed her hand. "Knowing I made it that way is a power trip of sorts and has me all slippery and wet."
Taking the hint, one of my hands moved down her back to her ass and the other came around to cup her sex. The middle finger of the hand in front slipped between her outer lips easily. As it moved up and down in her slit, she whimpered and took a small step to the side. My hand moved a little lower and the tip of my finger stirred her slippery hot opening.
Her hips rocked back and forth, my finger barely entering her. The whimper on her lips was louder and stronger. I moved my hand up and rolled her clit around with the slippery digit. She groaned and reached between us to move my hand. "You're touch is gentle also. Anymore of that and I'll come all over the place."
I smiled at her and she grinned. "I want to keep the edge I'm on until I can't stand it any longer."
Her eyes got wide as I brought the wet finger up to my lips and sucked on it. When I did, she moaned softly. "Yeah, that'll keep the edge all right."
When I smiled around the finger, she shivered and turned to walk over to the bed. She sat down on it and picked up the plastic wrapped package. She kept glancing at me as she opened it. "I think I'll put off my exercise until tomorrow. I have a feeling I'm going to get more exercise than I can handle later."
With a chuckle, I walked over to stand in front of her. When I squatted down, she shivered and pulled the cat suit out of the plastic bag. As she shook it out, her breasts jiggled and wiggled and I licked my lips. She chewed on her bottom lip as she shook it more. I stared at her breasts and licked my lips.
With a soft groan she stretched the material and looked at me. "If you keep that up, I'm going to go over that edge."
With a grin, I shook my head. "No you won't but if you do, I'll just have to get you back to it."
She groaned as she brought her ankle up to her knee as she rolled the cat suit down so she could put it on. My eyes were on her wet sex and I licked my lips. She whimpered as she slipped the foot of the suit over her toes. As she got the foot covered and straight, she watched me watch her sex. She groaned as she stretched her leg out over my shoulder and rolled the suit over her calf. With her leg raised and out to the side slightly, her sex was even more on display. I licked my lips.
She groaned and rested her ankle on my shoulder as she lifted her other ankle to her knee. She concentrated on getting her foot into the cat suit. When she had it situated, she straightened out that leg and rolled the suit down to her knee. As she leaned back, her sex rolled up and I could see the opening spasm open and close tightly.
Her ankle came down on my shoulder for a moment and then she lifted her knees to work on pulling the suit up onto her thighs. Her ass was rolled up even more. When I licked my lips this time, I was trying to decide whether I should dive headfirst into her sopping wet sex or not.
I guess I leaned forward slightly because the next thing I knew, she groaned long and loud as her upper body rose up enough for her hands to grab my head. A few seconds later, my face was planted in her sex, my tongue stabbing deep into her wet pussy. As I wiggled it back out, she yelled and hunched against my face. Her inner muscles tried to grab my tongue as I thrust it back in hard, my nose bumping on her clit. She yelled even louder.
*****
Rita was down to a soft whimper as I licked the crack of her ass. I was cleaning up the last of her juiciness. I had a hand under each of her thighs and had her rolled up even higher and wider. She groaned as I lowered her ass back to the bed and sat back on my heels. Her feet went to my shoulders and rubbed me there.
"Oh. My. God," she whispered softly. "I thought I was going to explode and did when your tongue touched me."
"Too much teasing, I take it?"
She laughed and then groaned again. "Yeah. I haven't been that hot and bothered in years and years."
"Then it was well past time." I told her and licked my lips.
She chuckled and whispered, "You really do need to wash your face."
"I thought I just got it washed," I said as I grabbed her ankles, leaned forward, and pushed her legs down next to the bed. The clip on the overall came lose and the upper part fell away. I stood up quickly and pushed the shorts down to my thighs as the overalls fell to the floor.
She groaned as her eyes went to my rampant manhood and then groaned again as I pushed the shorts on down until they fell around my ankles also. I moved forward to lie down on top of her. I had my weight on my arms and toes for the most part.
My tongue on her left nipple made her moan. "No! Please no. I need to rest."
I moved up along her body and kissed her lightly on the lips. I came down off my toes and my lower body pressed against hers. As I raised my head, she licked her lips and growled. Then her arms were around my neck and she was kissing me wildly. I kissed her back as our tongues dueled and fenced back and forth. Her own taste on my lips and tongue was driving her crazy. She was still growling as her nails raked my back once and then again.
Grabbing at her arms put my full weight on her. She groaned deeply and then growled again as I raised her arms above her head and pinned them there. The kiss had been broken but resumed suddenly as she wiggled under me. She spread her legs as far as the costume allowed and I felt my shaft slip between her lower lips and then she was humping herself along my shaft.
I humped back, feeling the slippery slid of her sex along my dick. I groaned deeply at the hot wet feelings. I was almost as out of it as she was at this point.
She twisted her head breaking the kiss. "Fuck me. Fuck me long, hard, and deep!" she all but yelled.
I was only happy to oblige as I moved my hips lowered and felt the head of my dick rub against her hot opening. She thrust up as I thrust down and I was buried to the hilt in her hot sopping wet pussy. She yelled and bucked wildly under me as I fucked her as hard and deep as I could in this position. Her yell died down but then our hips got in sync so she was coming up as I was going down. Our pelvic areas were slapping together.
Very shortly after that, I was coming with long spurts and she was yelling long and loud again.
*****
I was still on top of Rita but held most of my upper weight off her with my elbows and forearms. I had let go of her wrists. Her arms were around me, hugging me tightly. Her hips would quiver and flutter under me ever so often. Neither of us had said a word but there had been several deep sighs from both of us.
How long we laid that way, I have no idea and didn't really care. Rita's eyes fluttered open and she grinned at me. I grinned back. "You are a wicked, wicked, man," she whispered.
"Uh, why do you say that?" I asked as I tightened my ass muscles and felt my slowly softening manhood twitch inside her.
She shivered and replied, "You hit so many of my main fantasy buttons it is scary."
I looked at her and said, "Lets see, your legs tied together with the costume, you hands restrained above your head. Then there is the taste of your pussy on my lips, and then being fucked with wild abandon."
"Not to mention, no condom, and coming deep inside me," she added and shivered. She shivered again and whispered, "My husband always used a condom. It was one of his little mind games."
"How about your friend with benefits?" I asked.
Rita giggled and shook her head as a blush crossed her face. "She doesn't need one," she whispered a moment later.
"Ah!" I said and then chuckled. "Does she share well?"
"She does but I'm not too sure about her husband."
"Husbands can be such assholes."
"Don't I know it," Rita replied with a wink as she stretched her arms over her head and wiggled her hips.
My semi soft dick moved in her vagina as she wiggled. I clenched my ass muscles and felt my dick move even more. Rita smiled at me and clenched her inner muscles as I used my muscles to move my dick again. "We keep this up and someone is going to get fucked again," I whispered.
"Promised, promises, but this time I want my legs free."
"And why is that?" I asked with a knowing grin.
"I want you deeper inside for one thing," she whispered as she clamped down on my shaft again.
I flexed my hips against her and felt my manhood move inside. She was super slippery from our mixed juices. "To do that I'm going to have to pull the cork...."
She moved under me and groaned. "I was afraid you were going to say that."
"There is always the shower," I whispered.
She laughed and arched her hips up. "Yeah there is."
I pushed up on my hands and looked down at her. "We could always stay in and play trick or treat."
"Such a deal I have for you," she said with a grin.
"With or without ropes?" I asked and she laughed.
A moment later, she arched her hips up again. "I think we'll start without and see where it goes. I have a feeling this is going to be a lot more fun than any old Halloween party."
Then she gasped loudly as I lifted my hips, pulling my dick out of her pussy as I stood up. I grabbed her thighs under her knees and lifted them high in the air. Her ass rolled up as her knees were nearly on either side of her head. She laughed as I put a knee under her butt and started to roll the cat suit down her legs.
When it was down around her ankles, I pulled it off one foot and then the other and tossed it over my shoulder. "We won't be needing that any time soon," I said as I spread her knees wide and looked at her sex. It was all creamy and frothy around the opening with a trickle running down the crack of her ass. "Yeah, we made quite a mess."
Rita giggled and rocked her hips from side to side. "Want to make a bigger one?"
I looked down at my semi hard dick and frowned. "I'd love to but I think we need to give someone time to recuperate."
Her eyes were on my dick and it's shiny coating of our mixed juices. "I... uh... didn't normally like to suck a messy dick. My husband used to force me to do it but now I have the urge to do it on my own."
I moved my knee back slowly, letting her ass roll down toward the bed. "I'm not him and I never will be. You do what you want, how you want, and when you want. Just remember, I get to do the same thing."
Rita laughed and shook her head. "I want you in the shower, like right now."
"Your wish is my command," I whispered as I held my hands out to her.
She took my hands and I pulled her to her feet and into my arms. I kissed her deeply as I ran my hands up and down her back. She groaned softly and wiggled against me, her arms wrapped around my back. Between the kiss and her rubbing against my dick, it was slowly hardening.
A few minutes later, my dick was fully hard and standing up between us. I broke the kiss and looked her in the eyes. "Shower or bent over the edge of the bed?" I asked as I rubbed my hard dick against her belly.
She grinned and rubbed me back. "I love having choices. How about bent over the bed and then against the wall in the shower. I'm greedy tonight and plan on being that way from now on."
"Promises, promises," I said as I took a step back and used one hand on each of her shoulders to turn her around.
She giggled as she bent over and put her hands on the bed. The giggle turned to a soft gasp as the head of my dick parted her opening and slowly slid in to the hilt. "Oh yeah," she whispered as she wiggled her ass from side to side.
I put a hand on each of her hips and started fucking her with long slow strokes. "I think I need to move my office here," I said and slapped her ass hard with my hips for punctuation.
She groaned as I did and then whispered, "I have a spare room that might work well."
"But would I get any work done besides you?" I asked as I spanked her ass several time for emphasis.
Rita whimpered each time my hips smacked her ass. When I went back to fucking her slowly, she groaned and wiggled her ass again. "After a while, maybe," she said. "But with you gone so much... the makeup sex would be terrific."
I laughed and leaned over to kiss her on the back of the neck. "Who says I'm going on the road. When I got here I was thinking work was getting to good for just me. Maybe it's time to hire a couple of people to do the road work so I can stay in the office and take care of business there or rather here." I spanked her ass hard for several strokes and then slowed back down.
Rita pushed back hard against me and wiggled her ass. "Fuck me hard, we can figure out the future tomorrow or the next day."
I was only happy to comply and did just that. My hips slapped her ass and her getting into rhythm with me just made it harder and louder. It wasn't long before she was coming and I was coming right along with her.
*****
Life is happy off the road. Rita hasn't married me, although I have asked her several times. She says it's much more fun living in sin and I have to agree with her. Maybe I'll ask her again next Halloween.