Gnarly Reese whipped through the Chicago traffic like a pro. Even though Naomi's car was not his kind of ride it was fun. Even better, it was a convertible, with the top down exposing the owner of the vehicle to anyone looking. He had locked his landlady's clothing in the trunk forcing her to ride nude. Shockingly, she couldn't stop laughing. Nor could should stop touching herself.
"I can't believe you did this to me." She huffs with her seat back. Her left foot up on the dash and her right over the outside mirror. To make matters worse, every time Gnarly stopped at a stoplight, he would toot her car horn to attract attention. He was enjoying her torment, knowing it wasn't truly upsetting her. Naomi Carpenter would later admit, that she was having the time of her life. "I fucked a meter man, at a parking meter with people watching. HOLY SHIT GAVIN."
"Almost home. Unless you wanna take the long way." He chuckled.
"We're going to cause an accident. Three different truck drivers nearly lost control when you pulled beside them."
"You waved and kept fingering yourself. Can you blame their loss of motor function?"
"No." She giggles. "Where have you been all of my life Gnarly? Don't read too much into that. Just asking."
"I've always had this effect on women."
"Getting them to do whatever you want them to do?"
"Yep."
"I can somehow believe that. All I can say is, I'm very happy you chose to be my tenant."
"Falling in love?"
"I wouldn't go that far. Would you be upset if I said it probably wouldn't take much to get there? I know how you feel about relationships, so don't stress over it. I'm not offended, nor am I going to try to get you to fall for me. I'm absolutely fine with our adventures."
"Good to hear. I'm all in for those adventures. If and when I ever feel like settling down I'll keep you in mind."
"I've never felt more alive than with you. My ex husband Vincent was boring. We pretty much only had sex once a week in our home."
"Get those fingers back inside that pussy." He notes her hesitantly coming down from her high. Back in they dipped. "You have one more in you."
"As you wish, Mister Reese. Did you have fun with Edie and Joanie?"
"Sure did. I might actually date Edie."
"Oh really?"
"Yeah." He puckers, "She struck a cord in me. When I say date, I mean drinks and social. Nothing serious."
"Plan on making her do things like I'm doing right now?"
"Probably things more daring than you're ready for." He grins taking a left away from the brownstone. She realizes his turn and sighs.
"What makes you think I can't do what you want me to do? For that matter what makes Edie more ready than me?" She was sopping wet.
"Edie has a wild streak. Stripper ready."
"Do I need to put a stripper pole on the roof?"
"Not the worst idea." He smirks.
"I'll consider that. That way I can practice." She whimpers a bit. "What about Joanie? Isn't she a bit more of a plus model for your tastes?"
"What makes you think I'm that shallow? Lil jump in the rump never chased me off. Joanie's not bad looking at all. Gives a damn good blowjob."
"I'm going to cum Gavin."
He looks in his mirror as he nears a stop sign. The street was fairly lifeless. Braking at the light he puts the car in park and reaches across her to open the door. Her eyes trembled as to why he did that.
"Save it for the hood of the car. Get out, run around the car twice then hop on the hood facing me. Squirt the windshield."
"Are you crazy? Cars travel this street."
"Now you understand why Edie has what it takes. I can promise you, she would do this at the snap of my finger."
"You're that certain?"
"Close your door."
"No. I can do this." She brings her numb limbs down from the dash, getting out of the car. Shutting her door, she stands proudly. Trying not to think about any eyes seeing her, she shuffles around the car twice, and does as he insisted. Climbing up on the warm hood she positions herself to face him. Fingers buried, she watches him put his arms behind his head and stare at her. After three minutes of terrorizing her cunt, Naomi Carpenter screams, gushing a fountain all across her windshield. Nearly slipping backwards, she goes so far as to use her foot to wipe her leftovers into a smear as if a human windshield wiper. Laughing at her accomplishment, she notes cars driving by going the other direction. Horns tooting and smiling. An elderly man in a right red electric car sat at another corner, calling out, "Nice hood ornament." He sat idle grinning from ear to ear.
"Oh my God!" She burst out laughing and crawled off her car hood. Just as she started to open the passenger door Gavin hit the gas, leaving her behind. Her jaw dropped as Gnarly turned beside the elder man and winked.
"Give her a lift home?"
"I can do that." After a bit of banter, Gnarly Reese was in the wind.
She screamed, then gnashes her teeth, knowing that she was attracting even more attention to herself. Covering her front, she shivered until the old man waved her in. "He said to call you Easy Rider. Hop in Easy Rider."
"FUCK!" Reluctantly, Naomi joined him in the cramped electric car, and gave him directions. He had his hand on her leg near her upper thigh, all the way back to the brownstone. Reaching the street side of her apartment building, she thanked Jim Grimley, and guided him to the back parking area. Gnarly was waiting with her dress in hand, and talking to the alluring Crystal Balou. Crystal was in awe of Naomi's predicament, yet hiding laughter the best she could.
Getting out of the electric car Naomi squealed. Jim had goosed her clam, then pinched her tight little ass. Scolding him with a wagging index finger, she shut his door, marching right up to get her car keys, and dangling dress.
"Evicting me yet?" Gnarly smirked with swagger.
"Not at all. Hello Crystal." Naomi slipped her dress on right in front of the blond.
"That's something you don't see every day." Crystal wanted to laugh hysterically, but chose the safer route.
"Sure it is. Your turns just around the corner." Gnarly winks, reaching over to lightly tug Crystal's ballcap brim down before heading inside. She peaked an eye brow, lifting it back into place upon her forehead, then offered an I don't think so expression. Still, she watched his ass in those snug jeans with curiosity. As he left them behind he halts at the opened back door, looking back. "You coming Easy?"
"Five fucking times Gnarly. That's enough for one day."
"Wow! TMI!" Crystal giggled.
"You be quiet." Naomi points at the blond threatening her with a sly grin. "Go Uber."
Crystal finally lost it. Naomi giggled with her. They would talk about her adventure for the next fifteen minutes. Crystal found it...interesting.
Climbing the stairs to his second floor apartment, Gavin stops at the highest step. Frowning, he notices his front door ajar. Looking over at Isabella's door, spotting it in similar fashion, he knew either they were both broke into, or he had a Senorita dancing in his apartment. The scent of tacos filled the air from her place. Instead of heading to his own apartment, he steps inside hers, it was only fair.
Snooping a bit, as she often does, he notes a plastic container of food, still warm. His belly was growling as it was. With a pucker he picks up the Tupperware and carries it past her bedroom. Looking in, he see's a well made bed with colorful blankets. Her closed laptop, sitting on a nightstand. Adult toys, lined up neatly on a towel upon her dresser. Noticing a bottle of lube, and a gem encrusted butt plug, he pockets them, moving then from her apartment to his own.
Kicking his door open with the toe of his boot, he found his intruder. There she was Isabella Alcadore, dancing as she puts away his clothing, that was pristinely folded. She wore a white bikini bottom, that dipped within her butt crack dramatically, and a cut off black t-shirt. Wearing her iPod plugs she could only hear her music. Her sweet hums were erotic as hell. Moving to his kitchen, he sits the food on the counter and pops the lid. Using a paper towel, one of the few things he had in abundance, he reaches in and snatches up a taco. Inhaling it his eyes rolled back into his head. Fucking delicious.
Watching Isabella sway her hips made him nearly choke on his food. That perfect ass with a tad bit extra in the booty shaking, was equally as appetizing as the taco he devoured. Slowly, he stepped up behind her, as she placed his neatly ironed jeans in a bottom dresser drawer. He primed his hand for a downward swat. Palm impacting her right butt cheek, she stood up from her bent over position and flailed her hands about. Her reaction was to scream, "MADRE DE DIOS!" She catches her breath realizing she wasn't alone, eyes full of life she smiles and brushes aside her shaggy mane of hair. She had frosted the tips making her even more breathtaking.
"You the new cleaning lady?"
"Si! Te cuido bien. I take good care of you Maestro."
'Yummy Tacos."
Her eyes bulge at seeing him finishing one off. Looking behind him through the doorway, she discovers the container on his counter.
"Esos no son para ti! Those are not for you. They are for Senor Blake." She pouts in step, pulling her earphones from her ears to hear herself better. She had been listening to The Black Eyed Peas song My Humps.
"Senor Blake? Ohhh! Your rich beau."
"El señor Blake viene esta noche. Le hago tacos. Ahora no hay docena. Senor Blake is coming tonight. I make him tacos. Now there is no dozen."
"Sorry Izzy. I thought you made them for me."
"I make you some tomorrow Maestro. I clean your laundry, and put them away." She shows him as if Vanna White in a game show.
"I can see that. You don't have to be my maid Izzy."
"I do everything for my Maestro. You no do nothing."
He realized something that made him frown. "Is that my Pantera shirt?"
"Si!" She beguiles him pinching the cut off hemline revealing her massive melons with lightly brown nipples. "Pantera mean Panther, because you like my pussy."
He couldn't disagree with her. Gavin really liked that shirt. "No more stealing and cutting up my shirts. It does look good on you Chica."
"You dress me, then undress me Maestro." She shakes her shoulders playfully.
"Another time. I have to head upstairs and finish sanding those cabinets for Naomi. Oh, I stole your lube and a butt plug. I'll get you a new plug."
"You know wear butt plug?" Her eyes questioned him with uneasiness.
"Course not. It's for another gal. Don't ask."
"You worry me Maestro."
"I'll buy you a new one after work tomorrow. Unless you need it tonight for your...Blake."
"No me gusta follarme por el culo. He no like to choo choo my ass."
"Choo choo?" He laughs. "I get the idea. Move aside so I can change into clothes I can get dirty in."
"I get dirty in these." She does a belly dance in her thin white bikini bottoms. Eying her Gnarly rubs her chin.
"As hot as that is Tamale, I have work to do. You better save those hips for Blake."
"You no fun Senor Gnarly."
"You know that's not true." He reaches over and pulls her to him by her new Pantera cutoff. Forehead to forehead she stares at him without blinking. With an unexpected lick to her nose, she wrinkles her bridge at his folly. With a friendly wink, he guides her aside with hands to her shoulders. Digging into his bottom drawer for tattered jeans, he undresses in front of her. In the nude she fans herself.
" Tu eres el tamal. You are the tamale. HOT HOT HOT!" She bites at him with a giggle.
Pulling his pants up over his dangling Rockstar, Gnarly grins. "Get on home Chica. Take the tacos before I eat them."
"I have your taco right here Maestro." She peels the front of her bikini bottoms down to invite a look at her puss. The local Taco Belle was definitely looking tasty, south of the border.
Turning her around by her shoulders he smacks her ass hard. "CHICA GO!"
Isabella giggled, then went to grab her Tupperware. HOT, HOT, HOT, indeed. Her taco left his mouth dry. He really needed to go grocery shopping. At least he could drink the water here in Chicago.
Fifteen minutes later he headed up to the 3rd. floor and set about finishing the sanding of cabinet doors. For all the kindness Naomi had shown him of late, he felt obligated to show his appreciation in return. Outside of sex of course. He had her hooked in that department without even trying. All it took was nudging her in the right direction. Her past marriage leaving her craving for excitement.
He was glad he moved into her brownstone. The problem was, he needed to land a real money making job or his stay here would be short lived. The part time job he accepted at the vintage record store Pinky Floyd's, would be mostly gas money, and a few beers. It would be two weeks at least getting a paycheck as it was. Luckily, when he moved from Iowa everything was paid off, Jeep, Harley, a lone credit card, storage unit, and his Father. No debt felt good, but it might not last. At some point he might have to sell his Bike or one of his guitars. If that happened, he might as well move back to Iowa. What little savings he did have covered his rent and deposit. Utilities in Naomi's name at the moment, but he couldn't let that ride. Gavin Lee Reese was a proud Rocker.
Kneeling on the floor sanding, he hears a knock on the door. Looking up he finds the gorgeous Crystal Balou offering up a tall glass of iced tea. She had changed her clothing, forsaking her Cubs jersey and ballcap for tight white shorts and a blue tank top. Nips noticeable, along with one very sexy camel toe.
"Need a drink to cool you off?"
"Heat index just shot mercury. Do any of Naomi's tenants wear a bra? Panties for that matter?" He winks at her.
"Only on the job. Quit staring." She smirks handing down the sweaty glass of tea.
Removing one glove he downed the tea in one long gulp. "Impressive."
"Yes they are."
"I wasn't talking about my baby blues."
"I wasn't either." He chuckles.
"Men! I swear."
"Swearing them off?"
"Oh God no." She rolls her eyes, leaning on the counter above him. "It's nice of you to help Naomi out on some of the handiwork around here. These two apartments have been sitting idle for months. The previous owners let this place go to hell."
"Might as well make myself useful. Naomi's been good to me, since before the ink dried on my lease."
"Must be some chemistry going on there. How did you get her naked in the first 24 hours of living here?" She laughs along with sparkling blue eyes. "Let alone leave her stranded in the street nude while you drove her car home?"
He lifts his eye brows, "Probably the same way that you decided to come flirt with me. Can't tell me Easy didn't give you the gory details."
"She did. As far as the flirting goes...I'm just being neighborly."
"So was Isabella, Samantha, and Beth. Oh, and kind of Vicki." He snickers passing the glass back to her.
"Want another?"
"You're already on that list."
"I meant tea."
"Wet tea? Sure."
"WOW! Ego much?"
He shrugs, "You telling me you didn't come to flirt, Camel Jockey?" He stares at her camel toe. She shivers and lowers the glass directly in front of her shorts. The sweat dampening her crouch area. The thin white shorts offered a bit of color.
"Hey! It's hot and I'm sanding. You got the camel and the oasis."
"Oasis? Oh shit!" She looks down seeing her tan shine through. Beet red she scolds him with a finger. "You are going to be a hand full Reese."
"Usually takes two hands." He chuckles and sands a bit more on the cabinet doors.
"I'll keep that in mind."
"So will I."
"Just so you know I'm not that easy."
"Wouldn't be worth it if you were." He stops sanding and removes his second glove.
"Exactly."
"I will take another glass if you're still offering. By the way, do you have a black Sharpie?"
"Sure. Back in a minute." She turns and wiggles away. He whistles at her curvy bottom prompting her to shake her ass at him, almost twerking.
"Loving those sand dunes."
"Don't get lost in them."
"So are the Days of Our Lives." He chuckles "I'll ask for directions. After I get you in Bedouin."
She disappeared. Out of his sight angle she holds the chilled glass to her forehead, followed by both cheeks. "My God! That man could strip a Nun on Christmas Sunday." She hurried to her second floor apartment and refilled his glass. On the counter beside the glass, her cell vibrates. Looking it over she notes Uber offering her a fare. Snatching up the cell, a sharpie pen from a cup near her Fridge, and her keys, she returned to Gnarly. "I'm not gonna ask what the Sharpie's for." She passes him the glass. "Hate to kick the sand out of my shoes, but I have to drive. Leave the glass beside my door. See you around Gnarly Man."
"Thanks for the tea Blue."
"Anytime. Stop over and say hi sometime."
"I'll do that. Maybe on Hump Day." He chuckles.
"I am off on Wednesday." She winks and moves away quickly.
"Oh, Hey!" Inspiration struck like lightning. "I'm going over to Schaumburg tonight for dinner. Seeing as I don't know Chicagoland real well, wanna Uber me there and back?"
"You got money?" She holds the threshold looking back half inside, half out. She notes his expression, "Y'know what? It's on me."
"Might be if I get too drunk. Ain't talkin' vomit." He laughs.
"Troubling with a capital G." She wags a finger at him. "What time?"
"I have to be there at 7."
"6:15! Be at my car."
"Thanks for the ride Blue."
"I haven't ridden you yet." An extended tongue, she left his imagination inspired. At the staircase she huffs her cheeks, looking back with regret. "I can't believe I said that to him so fast. Zip it Blue." She did.
Polishing off the cabinet doors Gnarly focused a bit on the cabinet itself. Giving it an hour of care, he removed the biggest portions of peeled paint and decided to take a break. Guzzling the remainder of his iced tea he took the glass, taking it down to the second floor resting it next to Crystal's door. As he returned to the unoccupied apartment he realized the time, and grabbed his hidden away items, the sharpie and the butt plug before heading up to the roof.
As his eyes adjusted to the bright light of noon day, he rounded the stairwell shelter to spot the lovely waitress Beth, now off duty and tanning. She lay out on a large blanket face down with earplugs in her ear to listen to music. Her top removed to avoid tan lines, she rested a little too soundly. Standing behind her he rubbed his chin, eying her perfect heart shaped bottom with the inked words BIG TIPS ONLY, still vibrant. 50% written on the other cheek made him chuckle. Noting a lotion bottle beside her he takes the initiative to trickle some into his hands before kneeling beside her. Hovering, he placed his palms on her shoulders and slowly began rubbing it in. She smiled at his touch without even opening her eyes. She knew who it was by his cologne.
"I was wondering if you were going to make it up."
"Always up around a pretty girl."
"Here to give me my tip that you owe me?"
"I always keep my word. You just lay there and lets keep you from burning."
"You have really big hands Gavin." Barely hearing him she removes her earplugs for better listening. He could make out the song playing which was an old Scorpions tune called Blackout. He loved the older hair band rockers.
"Not listening to Country music? You struck me as a Garth Brooks kind of gal."
"I love Garth too. I was just in the mood for the 80's bands."
"Nothing wrong with that. I have a lot of 80's metal on my cell. Some things just never go away." His hands glide lower over her ribs, then down to her lower back. Gracing her with more lotion he untied her bottoms and pulled them free of her without even asking. She didn't put up a fight.
"I was hoping you might do that." She giggled. "I finally realized what you wrote on me. Between you and the old guy who wrote on my other cheek I made $447.00 in tips. No way was I sharing with the other waitresses. I guess I should thank you."
"No need. I'm gonna help you the rest of the week."
"You are?" His fingers graze her clam making her shiver.
"This tips for free."
He spits on her anal pucker, making her eyes flare beneath her sunglasses. His finger probing her button she grins. "Tip as in fingertip?"
"Only for starters." He lines the butt plug up and nudges it inside her hole.
"What are you doing back there?" She laughs.
Looking back at him Gnarly had the sharpie clenched between his lips as he removes the cap. Holding it in hand now, he winks down at Beth. "Signature move." To the right side of the butt plug he uses the marker to make a thick straight line from side to side between her cheek. "Gonna write BIG TIPS ONLY, but darker. Let it wear off on it's own. Tan daily so it stays on there after its worn off. Show your ass to every fella you serve and collect the bankroll. The plug being round it'll leave a big tan line all the way around your asshole. The marker just made it the letter G."
"For Gavin?"
"For Good Girl."
"Not what I expected." She frowned. "I wanted the tip of your dick."
"Not today. Earn your tips the rest of the week, after that I'll stay the night with you and Sam."
"Why Samantha too?"
"Because, I cut her short yesterday. Just like I'm cutting you short today."
"So you expect a threesome?"
"I don't expect anything. Invite me over next week."
"Can I roll over and let you lotion my front?"
"I got more cabinets to sand. Wear that plug three more days even at work. Let the guys see it. Fantasies will cough up wallets."
"What if they want to...tip me their tips?" She smirks.
"Tell them you have to share with the other waitresses." He chuckles. "Ain't a one there, sides you worth touching. So moneys all yours. Tips too."
"Did you rewrite the 50%?"
"Nope. I wrote THANK YOU. COME AGAIN."
"Oh my God. I feel like a whore."
"In denial?"
"No." She laughs.
"Didn't think so. Have a good week."
"Miss you already."
He stands up stretching. Looking out over the other brownstones he spots the wo guys who always used their telescope to check out the girls on the roof. They were both giving him a thumbs up. He smirked and offered a friendly salute. Let them have their fun. The men would zoom in on Beth's bottom for the rest of her stay in the sun. She knew.
Gavin headed back inside for another thirty minutes of sanding. Finishing up the cabinet itself, he cleaned up the dusty mess, before feeling the need for a nap. Closing up he hears the sound of footsteps and sobbing. Concerned, he heads down until seeing Vicki Chow bringing her bicycle up. Instantly, he notices her front tire bent. She herself had a tear in both knees on her bike pants.
"What happened to you?" Gnarly reaches her, taking the bicycle from her grasp and letting her head upstairs first. Limping, she remains silent until they stand in front of her apartment door. As Gnarly sets her bike down examining it, he knew the frame was hopelessly bent. Puffing his cheeks he looks up at her shyness.
"Hit and run. I was on my way back from a delivery. A car slammed into me and drove off. I lay in the street until a nice man bring me home. No bones broke."
"Just shaken up? I'd fix your bike, but I don't think it will ever be the same. Might need a new ride Vick."
"I have no extra money for a new bicycle." She pouts fumbling for her keys to unlock her door.
"You relax the rest of the day. I'll figure out something. Need help inside? I can clean those knees for you if you have some peroxide."
"I think Heather is home today. She is a Nurse."
"I haven't met Heather yet. You go on inside and get off your feet. I'll see if I can rally this Heather." She nods with a wince and opens her door. Gavin left her bike in the hall as he turned away. She went inside leaving her door open.
Now on the first floor he stared at the three remaining apartment doors. He knew the fourth apartment was Naomi's, but he had forgotten the order of tenants. A quick sprint to the front mailboxes he runs a finger over the tenant list. That helped a bit even if their last names were highlighted. At least a first initial narrowed things down. Only one H. Heather Norton. 1C.
Hurrying to 1C he knocks on the door, hearing a television helped. Moments later the door locks are heard being released and presumably Heather Norton opens up. Heather was a short woman in her 20's, with straight brown hair almost bowl shaped. Her body gorgeous in a single long white T-shirt, minus bra revealing a healthy C cup.
"1C? IC I'm thinking." He ponders to himself.
"Can I help you?" She smiled with alluring brown eyes.
"Heather?"
"I am. You must be Gavin? Naomi mentioned you. Welcome to the building."
"Thanks. Listen, this isn't a social call. I hear you're a nurse."
"Darn! I was hoping to play Doctor. Just kidding. What's wrong?"
"Vicki upstairs got stomped by a hit and run vehicle. She's got some scratches and bruises. You have time to look her over? Help her get cleaned up maybe?'
"Oh no. Yes. Give me a second to grab a few things."
"Like pants?" He eyes her legs and low hem.
"Why would I do that?" She charms him with a paused finger. Leaving her door open she scurries to her bathroom for bandages and peroxide. Her cell in hand. Her tits bouncing about as she rejoins Gavin in the hall. After closing her door she takes the lead. At the stairs he watches her dart up, skipping steps. He easily saw her bare bottom.
"Christ! No underwear. I love this building." He considers.
"You coming?"
"Definitely." She smirked knowing full well he had seen her butt and hidden clam. Freshly shaved at that. Moving up behind her to the third floor Heather Norton who resembled actress Zooey Deschanel right down to bone structure, marched directly into Vicki's apartment.
"Vicki?"
"In the bedroom. Is Gavin with you?"
"Right behind me." She peers back to discover him literally body to body. She shivers and looks up at the much taller Gavin. "You're quite tall."
"You're just short. Fix up Vick." He sized her height up as a meager 5'2.
"Maybe you should stay out here. In case I need to take your pants off."
"You mean her pants off."
"RIGHT!" Her eyes bulge and her cheeks turn pink. "Sorry."
"Never be sorry. Vick!" He points over her.
Nodding with gnashed teeth Heather turns and heads into the bedroom. Within she discovers Vicki stripping out of her pink and white, one piece bicycle outfit. She wore a thin white bra and a white pair of boy shorts. Vicki looked up with a painful expression. Her knees were ruby red from blood and opened scar tissue. Her elbows nearly as bad. Bruises on her back from a blunt fall, followed by a tumble.
"You poor thing." Heather threw her medicinal preparations on the mattress and offered an assist in removing the uniform.
"The wardrobe is ruined too." Vicki pouts.
"Don't sweat it Vick. At least you don't have anything broken." He fidgets, "Do you?"
"I thought I said you should stay out there."
"Not if I can be of help."
"She's in her underwear."
"And, your point, Miss I'm only wearing a white cotton Tee?"
"If she's comfortable, I'm fine." Heather knew he was right.
"He has been very kind to me." Vicki had been seen in less by Gavin. She rather enjoyed being admired. Even if her shyness refrained her from contact.
"Hero I'd say." Heather smiles at Gavin as she peels Vicki's onesie from her feet. Landing back on her palms, Vicki locks eyes with Gavin, attempting to be strong. She hated appearing weak. Gavin merely stared back, offering a single wink, his arms folded almost as if standing guard. He was so handsome, Vicki focused upon her hero.
Grabbing a waste can from the side of her small office desk, to use for any soiled cotton balls that Heather cleaned Vicki's wounds with, she set about the healing process. After ten minutes Vicki was bandaged up and feeling better. Looking over her bruises Heather surmised that nothing was fractured. Merely raw.
"Thank you Heather."
"Anytime. Take some Advil and get some rest." She smiles warmly at Vicki. Gavin took it upon himself to go into Vicki's bathroom and find the Advil bottle bringing it and a glass of water o the Asian beauty. Heather enjoyed watching his tenderness. For such a hulking man with muscles and sturdiness, Gavin Reese had heart. Making certain Vicki listened to Heather's orders he even covers her up with a light sheet. Pointing an index finger at Vicki he tells her, "Stay." The Chinese goddess obeyed with glistening eyes.
"I'll walk you out Doc." Gavin stepped toward the doorway. As Heather stood up and joined him, she blows Vicki a kiss before taking her leave. Gavin himself turning to walk away notices his shoes that had been left behind yesterday. Grabbing them he carries them with him.
Heather at the front door notes them in his possession. "Stealing Nikes?"
"Don't fit her feet."
Brows poised with surprise she heads into the hall awaiting Gavin to close the door. She then observes him place the shoes next to Vicki's door.
"Leaving them behind?"
He leads her down the flight of stairs, stopping her with a wink. Pointing at Vicki's door he whispers, "Wait for it."
They hear Vicki's door creak open. Vicki had defied him just to see if he had left his shoes outside. Hearing a sigh the door closes once more.
"What was that about?"
"Even in her agony she had to learn my respect. I made the mistake of leaving them inside her home. Chinese culture leaves shoes outside the home."
"Ummm! Do you see her shoes in the hallway?"
Gnarly rubs his chin. "Good point." He hears the door open again. This time after hearing it close, the two creep up higher on the steps to discover Vicki's shoes next to his.
Heather puckered with a grin.
"Point taken. Do you and Vicki...have a thing?"
"Just coaxing her out of her shell."
"Ah! Well, it was nice meeting you Gavin." She pats his chest turning away. Gavin watches her journey then chooses to catch up to her.
"Thanks Heathen."
"Heathen?" She stops cold and winces.
"Heather N. Heathen." He winks.
"Are you flirting with me Mister Reese?"
"Always. See ya Doc. I'll knock if I need my temperature taken."
"I'm not a Doctor."
"Not a Rug Doctor neither I notice."
"What?"
He points at her crotch from a distance. She looks down at herself catching on to his humor. Lifting her T-shirt she lets him see her freshly shaved puss. Her heart was racing at her temptations. He left her with a dropped jaw.
"Nice job. Later Heathen." He enters his apartment leaving her to stand there with an expression of, "He's such an ass." Regardless Heather Norton would go back to her apartment on the first floor, and use her vibrator. Gnarly on her fantasy list.
Resting up Gavin awoke in his bed sweating. Eying his cell alarm that was ringing he reaches over shutting it off. Sitting up he discovers a text from Mavis Trent. It gave him directions to her girlfriend Ginger's in Schaumburg. Along with it was the comment, "Bring your guitar Hero." He texts back "I'll be there. We jammin'?"
Moments later Mavis replies, "There's jamming, and there's jammin'. Bring your balls too Stud. You're gonna need 'em."
"Never leave home without the boys."
"Pinky will be here too. We decided to introduce you to the band."
"Sounds like a plan. Do I need to bring my amp?"
"Nope. Just the good vibrations. I know we will. LOL!"
"Leaving here at 6:15. See ya Mayfly."
"Don't let Ginger hear you. You know she prefers Bluebird."
"I'll take my chances."
"Oh, I need a favor." Mavis texts.
"Beer run?"
"No. I need you to keep an open mind. Trust me Rockstar. Can you be cool no matter what?"
He replies with, "Balls of steel."
"We'll see. LOL!"
Texts ending Gavin sat on the edge of his bed staring into space. What was that about? After three minutes of shrugging he gets up and takes a shower. It was 5:30 already. Cleaning up like a champ he gets dressed in a black Godsmack concert T-shirt, and black jeans. Splashing on some cologne called Fierce, from Abercrombie & Fitch, he blow dried his mane. Applying moose for a studly look, he leaves his long hair flowing free. A chain wallet attached to his belt loop, he nods his approval into a mirror. Boots and a black leather jacket finished him off.
Choosing from his three guitars he grabbed the case handle and headed out the door. Stopping at a sudden cry of passion coming from Isabella's he smirked. "Blake must be here." Leaving them to their passions Gavin left out the back door into the parking lot. Still daylight he discovers Crystal Balou not by her own car but instead posing on the hood of a shiny black Jaguar. She wore a second skin tight black mini dress with busting cleavage. Ankle jewelry, and a black silk choker around her neck accented her flesh. Her blond hair pinned back in a braided tight ponytail. She looked like a showroom model.
"Damn Blue. Maybe I should cancel my plans and take you out on the town."
"Sorry! I got called in to work at Barbarians tonight. Gotta dress for success."
"Beautiful lady. Successful the second you pinned that hair back. You sure you're not an escort?"
"Not even close Gnarly. I have just enough time to drop you off and get to work. Afraid you'll need to find your own way home."
"I didn't plan on you going out of your way twice anyway. I'll hitch a ride home from Pinky."
"Pinky?"
"Yeah! Her grandfather hired me at his vintage record store. She works there too, when she's not on stage with her band Milkbone."
"I know that band. They're really good. Raunchy, but they bring the house down."
"Meeting the whole band tonight. Their manager Ginger invited me to dinner. Nice lady."
Crystal crawls carefully from the Jaguar trying not to dent it. Her 135 pounds kept that thought safe. She walks up to Gnarly as she hits her key remote unlocking her car.
"That Jag belong to Isabella's...man?"
"If you can call him that, but yes. He makes my skin crawl."
"Lotta skin to crawl in that dress, Blue." He chuckles.
"I'm glad you approve. That erection of yours won't last long once I drop you off in Schaumburg."
"Why you say that? Girl band, and I know that at least two of them are smoking hot."
"They all are. I'm referring to their manager."
"Ginger? She's not bad looking, in a high class way."
Crystal opens her back seat door. "Put your guitar in the back seat."
"What are you getting at Blue? What's wrong with Ginger?"
Shutting the door she pats Gavin on the chest with a smirk. "Learn on your own Gnarly Man. Now get in before I lose tips tonight."
"Everyone wants tips these days." He chuckles looking toward Sam and Beth's apartment windows on the third floor. Both girls were being nosey, staring down at them. He salutes them, awaiting a giddy wave back before hopping into the front seat of Crystal's car. Clicking seatbelts she starts her car up, and backs out.
Gavin couldn't stop looking at her long legs. She knew and smiled to herself. No panties kept his eyes locked on her. She enjoyed a good tease. Even if she wasn't that easy. Easy on the eyes at least.
The sexual tension waged war all the way to Schaumburg. Crystal was wet as hell. Gavin fought a raging hard on. As Crystal pulled up to an iron gate onlooking a very old three story mansion Gavin stared with awe.
"Mockingbird Lane?" Crystal sighed.
"Marilyn Mansion."
"Now that's funny." She giggled.
"That's what they call it. Thanks again Blue." He leans toward her whispering, "See you at the oasis."
"After all the Barbarians tonight the oasis might be bone dry."
"And, you say you're not easy."
"I'm not. That doesn't mean I can't torture guys."
"Torturing me, that's for sure."
"Then, leave me a tip." Her eyes glistened.
"I can do that." He reaches between her legs with an index finger and rubs her clit. Her eyes bulge at his touch. She didn't even have time to resist. Removing his finger, he guides it to her lips. Eyes crossed at his introduction she shivers. Taking a breath she sucks on the tip of his index finger tasting herself. Eyes roll for only a moment.
"I have to go." She whines, kicking her floorboard out of frustration.
He nods with a wink then departs the front seat. Grabbing his guitar he shuts both doors. Moving to the front of the car, he locks eyes with Crystal just before sucking on his own finger, tasting her for himself. She wags an index finger of her own at him, offering an evil glare. With a sigh she pulls away, leaving Gavin at the gate.
Crystal Balou would be late for work.
Eying a camera up over the gate, Gnarly waved at it. After receiving no reply, he turned examining a small box to the left of the driveway. Pushing a button, he hears a buzzer that unlocks the gate, watching it retract before stepping through to the other side. Obviously he was recognized, and allowed entry without any verbal communication. Eerie nonetheless. Marilyn Mansion might just be haunted. The hairs on the back of his neck stood at attention.
Making his way up the drive he spots a number of cars. A red Porche' which he presumed belonged to Ginger. It took money to own something that energetic. The other three vehicles were less than glamorous. A black Land Rover, a white Ford Fusion, and bronze colored Ford Fiesta. Off on its own parking spot was a small touring bus painted brown with white spatters on it. Milkbone written on the side in dripping white letters. He had to laugh.
Before advancing up to the front door, he hears the roar of a Harley. Call of the Wild to his ears, he halts and turns toward the gate, which opened a second time to allow another person to enter the compound. In rode the gaudiest sight he had ever seen. A pink chopper with a lady behind the bars. Her helmet pink with similar splatter marks as on the bus. He waits on her to park by the Fiesta and shut down. Pulling off her helmet she shakes her hair before hopping off. He chose to backtrack and join her.
"Pinky Lou."
"Hey there Hotstuff. You sure get around. You find me, then you find Mavis in under an hour. You stalking the band?"
"Animal magnetism at work. Shocked me as much as it did you, hearing you and Mavis were in the same band. Small world."
"I call it destiny. There's a reason we were all brought together." She fans her pink hair out again, primping in her bikes mirror. That led to tugging at her cleavage. Beneath a white leather jacket she wore a spaghetti string red top with a thin necklace dangling between her breasts. Black leather pants, over white boots.
"Looking sexy Pinky."
"Gotta keep my image up Gnarly. I see you brought your guitar."
"Mavis told me to bring it along. Said we might jam. God knows I need to let off some steam."
Walking together she leads them up to a set of double doors. "Don't we all?" She winks, then pats his crotch. He had a feeling tonight was going to get out of hand. Not that he was complaining. Pinky was a hot commodity. Mavis was sexy too in a Joan Jett kind of way, yet he knew she and Ginger were an item. Even if nothing went South he intended on having a good time. Party on.
"Other members of Milkbone already here? Good number of cars out there."
"Yep! Let's see..." Pinky looks back at the lot. "Fiesta belongs to Deidre our bass player. Mavis drives the Fusion. Jezabelle, our drummer, the Land Rover. Porche' of course belongs to Queen G. Her other rides are in the garage over there."
"G money. Knew that the second we met. That's why I called her Ginger Bread."
"Oh yeah? What else did you discover the second you met?" Pinky smirks curiously.
"What am I missing here? My ride mentioned something similar, but wouldn't fill me in."
"I wondered how you got here."
"Uber. Gal that lives in my brownstone. She also bartends at Barbarians."
"No shit? So, the world gets smaller. I hope nothing else devolves." Another pat to his crotch makes him scowl.
"Don't make me regret taking that job at your record store."
"No regrets Handsome. I look forward to working along side of you. he store needs a breath of fresh air. I guarantee you're going to bring in the ladies. After you left I was swarmed by shoppers wanting to know your name. Groupies without even being on stage."
"Can't tell me you don't have good number of groupies yourself."
"Whole contact list of studs. I could close my eyes, point at any contact, dial it, and say NOW BITCH! Contact would drop everything to tap my sexy ass."
"Good thing you don't have my number then."
"Don't I?" She wiggles her brows.
"I technically didn't fill out any application for Floyd. Must have swiped it from Mavis."
"Hey! We're mates. Band mates, but mates."
"No Biggy. I'm sure you'd get it from me soon enough."
"Of course I'll get it from you." She faces him and grips him by his jacket, tugging him down into a steamy kiss. He enjoyed her lips until the front door opened. Standing there watching was a freckled redhead dressed in black. Her hair tied up atop her head in a bun. Biggest green eyes ever. After three minutes the redhead clears her throat. It took her a bit to react while sizing up the giant.
"Get a room. There's only twelve bedrooms in this place."
Pinky leaves Gavin speechless with a tug at his lower lip. Looking over at the redhead Pinky sighs. "Groupies I swear."
"Pinky swear even." Gavin comes to life.
"Hi." The redhead extends a hand energetically. "I'm Deidre Koi. You can call me DeeDee."
"Naaaa! I like Deekoi better."
"Oooo! I like him. I'm keeping that name. It sounds less fishy."
"And, more artificial, like your boobs." Pinky chuckles.
"Or," Gavin adds, "Someone who lures people in by being attractive." He slips by both women and into the den of lionesses. Both girls flare their eyes at his stature. Gavin Reese was Greek God all over. His charm even more enticing. Maybe he was the true decoy.
Closing the door behind them Deekoi takes the lead. Hearing drums in the distance he surmises this Jezabelle James. Following the sound without asking he heads into a large room built for acoustics. Within he spots the source of a healthy drum solo. A very attractive black woman looked fierce in her wailing hands. Drumsticks spinning between her fingers like lightning. Gavin prowls the room listening and admiring her technique, finally settling on a stance directly in front of her, his guitar case standing up between his legs. She ignored him in her mesmerized focus. Five more minutes of mental artillery she ends her reign. It was then that it dawned on him that she looked like the character Bailey from the Lethal Weapon TV series. With wicked hair extensions.
"Someone hire a male stripper?" The drummer stops her metallic symbols vibration with a clamped hand.
"That's me. You must be Jezabelle."
"Her real name is Pearl." Deekoi interrupts.
"You know I hate that name. Bite me DeeDee."
"It's Deekoi now. I dig it."
Jezabelle creates an invisible shotgun making a firing noise. "Oh, look. I shot Daffy."
Gnarly smirks, then puckers his lower lip, "Pearl Jams."
Jezabelle glares at Gnarly with a grim expression. Finally, her features break into a beautiful smile. "Fuck you, White Boy."
"Interesting proposition." He mulls it over, "Never been with a gal of color. No disrespect intended. Country boy from Iowa is all."
Jezabelle rolls her eyes with a grimace. "Wonderful! Are we gonna be pickin' an grinnin'?"
"I'll do you one Vetter, Ms. Jams. How about we play us some ZZ Top. Pearl Necklace?"
"Not on Top of these lovelies, White Boy." She jiggles her 38D's hidden beneath a black tank top. No bra of course.
"I'll wait until you fall asleep." Gnarly utilizes the twin ZZ's leading off the Texas bands name, in a charming manner.
"What bus did you get off of Sticks?"
"The bus that drove in your sticks, Drummer Girl. Same sturdy wood."
"Sturdy my ass. I've broke five sticks just this week."
"Ain't seen your ass to know how sturdy it is. Probably worth five sticks though. Bdum Rump!" He goofily ends his banter with a verbal drum beat of both hands.
"You calling my sweet ass a drum?" She winces while Pinky and Deekoi bust a gut.
"Beat me to it."
Jezabelle shakes her head. "What these white bitches see in you I'll never know."
Puckering at her swagger Gnarly turns to Pinky and Dee. "Where's Mayfly and Ginger Bread?"
"They're in Ginger's massaging room. Mavis is tattooing Ginger's lower back. Follow us." Deekoi takes the lead. At the door Gavin looks back at Jezabelle who had left her perch to claim a towel. Her lower half was tight and muscular. Jezabelle's build reminded her of his new friend Regina. Jezabelle bends over stretching after a long session.
"Now that's what I call a mighty fine looking Pearl Roadshow."
"You better be talking about the drum set, White Boy."
"Nope." He winks and takes his leave. The second he vanishes Jezabelle fans herself, her eyes flaring with interest.
"Daaaamn Boy! You can beat on my ass any day." Of course, she would play tough and hard to get. That demeanor would never last. "Pearl Jams. Too funny." With a tug at her tank to show off more cleavage Jezabelle gave chase.
Leading Gavin down the hall they turn into a brightly lit room. The hum of a tattoo gun stimulating the eardrums. As Gavin steps in he discovers Ginger sprawled out on a massage table with Mavis leaning over her dedicated to her craft. Halting her tattoo gun in favor of wiping blood away from her line work Mavis notes their arrival.
"Hey there Rockstar. Welcome to our humble home."
Ginger looks up from laying her head in her arms for comfort. A warm smile greets Gavin. "Hey Handsome."
"Thanks for inviting me to dinner."
"Wanda is cooking now. Dinner should be ready shortly. Don't mind me, I hate wearing clothing at home." Ginger lie there totally nude and relaxed, even under the needle. She had an incredible body. Nothing Gavin hadn't seen before.
"All good! Your home, not mine. How's the tat coming along?"
"Come see." Mavis dares him with a wink. Behind Gavin, the trio of bandmates grit their teeth knowing very well what his reaction might be. They had their fingers crossed that he could cope.
"Let me guess, Hansel and Gretel looking for a new home?"
"No. I told you I was the black sheep of my family." Ginger doesn't bother to look back as Gavin takes in the tattoo. On Ginger's lower back was a cartoony black sheep sitting on a throne with dozens of cute white sheep around her bowing. He couldn't resist looking at her ass. It was perfection. That leading to a tightly compressed clam. Puckering, he was ready to make a crude compliment, when he noticed something further. Eyes locked on it, Gnarly rubbed his chin. Mavis pointed at him with a threatening gaze. Mouthing the words. "Be nice."
"Who gives a flock that Ginger has a dick and scrotum." He belts out with a shrug. He then proceeds to pat Ginger's ass. "So, does this mean I can call you, TransGinger?"
Dead silence filled the room, as Ginger ponders his reaction. With an amused look in her expression, she looks back. "Now you know why my family disowned me. All save for my Grandmother. She loved me no matter what. Thus, my inheritance." She waves a hand at her surroundings. "I went on to Law School just to make her proud of me."
"I'm sure she was. Your folks probably are too, they just might not show it."
"Grandma raised me. Being a hermaphrodite was never easy, but she showed me the love and respect my parents denied me."
"No need to explain yourself Ginger Bread. I'm not looking at you any different than any other..."
"Girl? Outside of being well endowed, I'm a woman through and through."
"I'll second that motion." He pats her ass again. This made the other girls giggle.
"This doesn't bother you at all?" Ginger narrows her eyes.
"Should it?" He man's up.
"No. I'm still human. Even I have needs."
"Your life Ginger Bread. Live it to the fullest."
Mavis mouths her appreciation toward Gavin with a "Thank you." A wink from Gavin made her smile. "Are we stopping here for tonight Ginger?" Mavis turned her attention toward her girlfriend.
"I suppose. Dinner will be on the table getting cold if we don't."
"Let me clean you up and put some wrap over the tattoo. We'll meet you in the family room." Mavis waves the group away. Gavin whistles at Ginger, as she twists to look at him, he winks.
"Cute CanvASS. Don't ever think I'd look at you any differently than the day we met. You've made a friend TransGinger."
"Don't make me regret letting you call me that." Ginger wrinkles her nose at him. "Girls? Offer Gavin a drink, the liquor cabinets unlocked. Whether he admits it or not, I think he needs a stiff one."
Wagging a finger at Ginger he chuckles, "Don't be getting any ideas."
"Muah? Never." Ginger glared with intrigue. After they leave the room Ginger sighs toward Mavis, "That went well."
"Is that why you have an erection?" Mavis giggles. "Let's not push him over the edge."
"I can take care of myself, Love."
"Darn!" Mavis reaches under and tickles Ginger's dick, their eyes sparkling with emotion.
Further away , in the Family room Pinky broke out a bottle of Jim Beam and poured shots. Sliding one toward Gavin she nods. "I knew you could handle that."
He downs the shot in a single gulp, before passing the shot glass back for a refill. "There's a difference between handling it, and handling it."
The girls silently agreed. Their respect for Ginger dedicated, yet even they knew what he meant. After another shot was poured, the four clinked glasses, belting their drinks back. Only Deekoi coughed at her inability to hang.
"You alright Koi?" Jezabelle patted the redhead on her back.
"Pour me another." Dee tapped her glass on the bar. Pinky filling her up with a concerned look. They knew their partner well. Too many shots and Deidre was stupid drunk. They really didn't want to babysit her over a toilet.
"Last call Red." Jezabelle insisted.
"That's not for you to determine Pearl."
"At least she's not calling me Pearl the Hurl." Jezabelle smirking downing her shot.
"Give her time." Pinky chuckled. "So Gavin? Mavis says you play that guitar pretty well."
"Told you I could."
"I have an amp at the store. Bring your guitar in and you can play for the customers."
"Saying I should lay down a hat for money?"
"Whatever floats your boat, Captain Gnarly. If you forget your hat I'll just lay my bra on the floor. Bet you fill both cups fast."
"Do you even wear a bra?" He laughs. "None of you are wearing one." He checks each of them out. Nipples got harder in his presence.
Pinky shrugs, "I keep one handy. File cabinet at work."
"Mine's in my glove box. In my neighborhood I change in my ride, before and after I leave the crib. Guys be guys." Jezabelle frowns.
"I wear them all the time. Just not tonight." Deekoi acknowledges. "My boob job gives me constant lift without a bra, but they look sexier with one on."
"How about you Big Boy? Boxers or briefs?" Pinky reaches over to pinch at a belt loop.
"Commando. Big Gun locked and loaded."
"God I hope you fire at us." Deekoi snorts hiding her mouth and blush.
He smirks at her. "Seeing as Pearl Jam there doesn't want a necklace..."
"I'll wear you with pride." Dee giggles.
"No more Beam for you. She's getting goofy." Jezabelle grimaces.
As their flirting continues Mavis joins them for a drink. Lifting a shot offered by Pinky, Mavis toasts Gavin. "Long live the King."
"Don't make Elvis leave the building." Deekoi chuckles.
Jezabelle rolls her eyes. "Brew the coffee now."
"Gavin understands what I mean." Mavis chugs her shot with a wince. "Thank you again for being cool with Ginger. I know that must have shocked you."
"First time for everything. I'm not that shallow Mayfly. We're all friends equal in every way. Always here if you need me."
As one they drool. "We need you."
He stands up straight and expresses curiosity. "Well now. Let's just see how the night progresses."
Ginger joins them clearing her throat. She wore a sheer peach colored robe with nothing to hide. "That's not what they meant. We would like you to consider a job offer. I told you when we met that I might have work for you. No. Not as my toy." She beguiles him with a sheepish smile.
"What type of job? Groundskeeper? I sway a mean weed eater."
"No. The girls need a roadie. To help set up for their gigs. Be their driver. Bodyguard if necessary."
"How much it pay?"
"That's up to the girls. I'll match their dollars buck for buck."
"We figured out our budgets." Mavis looks to each of the girls. "We can put together $200 a gig. I know it's not much but our shows don't always pay the same. Smaller venues, smaller paychecks. None of us are rich."
"Which is why I'll double their $200."
"$400 a night. How many gigs a week?" He ponders aloud.
"Of late one a week. We're working on our act, trying to be more flamboyant." Jezabelle adds.
Pinky chimes in with, "New material too. Cover songs are hot, but I want to show people what we can really do."
Hearing a bell ring Ginger holds a hand up. "Dinner is ready. Let's dine and talk more afterwards. Alright with you Gavin?"
"What's on the menu?"
"US!" The group giggle.
"Might want a second helping then." Gavin pats his belly. He left his guitar at the bar during dinner. The family devoured a juicy pot roast with potatoes and carrots. Green beans on the side. German chocolate cake for dessert. The chef/maid serving them was an elderly woman with a very open mind. She didn't appear to mind seeing Ginger in her sheer robe. Obviously, the old woman knew the situation. Ginger informed Gavin that Wanda had been with her Grandmother long before Ginger kept her on.
Once dinner finished, Ginger motioned everyone to the Family Room again to relax. Ginger sipped wine while the other girls turned their noses up to it. They preferred the harder stuff.
"Do you get high Gavin?" Ginger questioned.
"When I can afford it. That against the rules of the job?"
"Lord no. Mavis? Pack the bong and let's mellow out."
Jumping up from sitting next to Ginger, Mavis goes behind the bar bringing out an unexpected looking water bong. A tray with a baggy of marijuana accompanying it. Mavis sets it on a coffee table between the circular sofas. Gnarly watched with interest as the girls eyed the bong. Pinky took the lead chuckling.
"Gnarly? This here stud is named Bong Scott. Affectionately idolized after AC/DC's original lead singer, Bon Scott."
"Cute."
"Yes he is." Pinky lifts the bong and strokes it repeatedly with a pouty expression.
"Ummm! That there bong is shaped like a huge penis." He swallows dryly. "I'm not toking off a cock." Nervous laughter made him sit forward rubbing his palms together. The girls all burst into laughter.
"Where's those balls of steel Rockstar?" Mavis smirked.
"Fucccck!" He sighs with an unsettling glare. "Pack it."
"That's the spirit." Deekoi giggles.
Passing the bong to Mavis, she packs it to please. "This is Ghost Train Haze. It's gonna derail you Rockstar."
"Long as I can play guitar and know which side has the strings." He chuckles as Mavis fires up the weed with a lighter. Taking a healthy draw he hears water bubbling up from the bongs reservoir designed to look like a bulbous scrotum. He winced as she inhales holding it. The smell alone burnt his nostrils. The second she releases the room was high.
Ginger claimed the next toke and passed it over to Jezabelle, which led to Deekoi, before reaching Pinky. Pinky licked the length of the bong in front of Gnarly with a seductive look. Gnarly got hard instantly. As Pinky took her turn she held it in while leaving her seat to straddle Gavin's lap, Deekoi taking the bong. Leaning down she blows her drawn smoke into his mouth sealing it with a kiss. Mavis rolls her eyes and slaps Pinky on the ass.
"Save it Pinky."
Sitting up on Gavin's lap she sighs before hopping up and down over his tent. With a scowl she crawls off, leaving Gavin to savor her leftovers.
"Harsh." He alters his voice trying not to cough. Deekoi carries the bong over to Gnarly and hands it to him for a personal toke. Nodding as he examines the bong he chuckles. "Bongs away." Mouth over the mushroom shaped crown he blazes the weed drawing in a thunderous hit. Breath held he relinquishes the bong to Mavis.
"You suck a mean dick Rockstar." Mavis patted his belly. He had to laugh, losing some of his hit. Everyone shared in his reaction. Another pass amongst them they settle back, feeling the effects. Eyes narrow, and the staring straight ahead became a unified effort. After thirty minutes of lost time Ginger climbs from her seat and walks back behind the bar bringing out a briefcase, returning to sit it on the table.
"Time for the name game Ladies." She opens the briefcase and reveals it's contents. The girls sit up from slouching to examine the interior with sudden interest. Gnarly puzzled, looks over with narrowed eyes. Realizing the contents as the girls pick and choose he grins. The case contained dildos. Ginger claps her hands to garner their attention. "Pants off."
All four women around him strip off their clothing. Not just their pants. They all wanted to be totally nude for the full effect. Gnarly puckered without a word, as four butt naked Goddesses flopped back toying with their rubber friends.
"Attention Ladies. The name game begins. First up? Motley Crue."
"TO ME LEE!" Deekoi refers to her dildo, a pet name for Tommy Lee.
Jezabelle shakes her head toward Ginger. "DICKI SIXX!", named after Nikki Sixx.
Mavis calls out, "LICK MARS!" after Mick Mars.
Finally Pinky considers hers by designating the toy as "VINCE KNEEL! He's my bitch."
Everyone laughs at themselves as fingers play with their pussies right in front of Gavin. They weren't so much attentive toward him, as they were with this game.
"METALLICA!" Ginger challenges them.
"OURS ULRICH." Mavis shares.
"JASON NEWSTUD." Pinky blares rubbing her clit. Gavin enjoyed her pink pubes.
Jezabelle offers up, "KIRK SLAMMIT!"
Leaving Deekoi to giggle with fingers burrowing up inside her, "JAMES HETSQUEALED."
Gavin lost it laughing at their creativity.
Ginger stared at Gnarly with curiosity. "Who would you be Country Boy?"
"Fucking CHARLEY PRIDE." Gavin slaps his knees before standing up and kicking his boots off. unzipping his pants he relieves himself of them, followed by his Godsmack t-shirt. A mighty beast roared up for all the girls to witness. Immediate interest was taken in his purple dragon. Looking at the women he belted out. "HAND ON THE RUN."
He was getting drunk and coughing up banter. Stroking his cock in front of them all four bandmates inserted their dildos and fucked themselves. Ginger stood amused sipping her wine. Staggering in step Gavin took a stroll around the coffee table leering down at each of the girls with ego. They loved it.
"STROKE ME STROKE ME! AWK! AWK!" Gavin grew silly singing Billy Squier.
Moans surround him as the quartet dug in deep and hard. Pinky in her squeals decided to join the silliness by singing, "BALLS TO THE WALL MAN! BALLS TO THE WALL." She was a fan of the German band Accept.
Mavis between her "Oh Gods!" chimed in with "GIVING THE DOG A BONE. GIVING THE DOG A BONE." from AC/DC.
"I WANT TO FEEL YOU FROM THE INSIDE!" DeeDee recalls her Nine Inch Nails.
Leaving Jezabelle to hiss at her brewing orgasm, she glares up at Gavin standing over her. With a sneer she growls..."SHE WORE A PEARL NECKLACE." Her shoulder dancing with her words. Nodding his affirmation, Gavin crawled over her legs and jerked off on her chest. Leaving her room to continue her driving dildo she began trembling heavily. Her jaw gaping wide as Gavin snarls, peppering her with a Mother load of scalding hot jizz. He managed to circle her cleavage in droplets fulfilling the songs motivation.
Hearing Jezabelle orgasm, led Deekoi to join in. Followed by Pinky, then Mavis. The group rocked the stage. Climbing on to the coffee table Gavin continued stroking his monster cock.
"OPEN MIKE!" His rendition of Magic Mike. He dances seductively for the girls. That led them to toss their toys aside and crawl to the floor surrounding the table from all sides. Dropping to his knees on the table he holds his cock directly up to Deekoi's mouth. In a burst of inspiration she sings "POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME". A lick to his crown gave her the giggles.
Shifting in front of Pinky she growls, "KEEP ON THOSE HIGH HEELED SHOES, RIP OFF ALL YOUR CLOTHES, YOU SMELL SO FUCKING GOOD, IT MAKES ME LOSE CONTROL." Gavin gave his Bullet to his Valentine. Pinky let him put his dick in her mouth forcefully, if only for a tonsil tickler.
Scooting toward Jezabelle, she lets him slap his cock on her tongue before allowing her to sing. "GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS! LONG LEGS AND BURGUNDY LIPS.GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS. DANCING DOWN ON THE SUNSET STRIP."
He finishes her song with "RUBY LIPS, FINGERTIPS."
She reaches up and strokes his cock, followed by her mouth puckering around the crown of his dick. He snatches up her hair with a devilish grin, "I'M SUCH A GOOD BOY, I NEED A NEW TOY." He abandons her to encounter Mavis. She sat in wait with her mouth wide. Before Gavin could give her a sample he feels a hand on his shoulder. Looking beside him he sees Ginger pausing him with a finger. She slips her robe off toppling it to the carpet. In an unexpected move she climbs on to the coffee table with Gavin. He lowers his gaze to see Ginger rock hard. Hesitation kicks in as she pulls Mavis up by her hair and plants her cock up to her lips.
"Join me Gavin." Ginger winks. He shrugs and scoots closer guiding his own dick toward Mavis. In a stunning move Mavis devours both dicks side by side. Sucking on both. Strange as this was Gavin found it enjoyable. Nodding at the tattoo artists talent he puts his arm around Ginger's shoulder, rubbing her left arm tenderly. He then serenaded them with, "TWO TIMES A LADY." Ginger smiled and patted his cheek. A peck led to a very simple kiss. Gavin accepted it, but it did sober him up. With a hug he releases Ginger and crawls away, leaving Mavis to finish her job.
Throwing himself back on to the sofa he finds Pinky and Deekoi joining him. Cuddling up under his arms he kisses one then the other. Dick renewed in girth, he notes Jezabelle rise to her feet, crawling into his lap. Reaching beneath her thighs, she guides his cock up inside her dripping wet cunt. Pearl went diving. Gavin watched as the Nubian Goddess rode him tenderly. All he could think of was the job offer. If it included these type of perks he wanted in. He needed the money. Fuck it.
"Necklace looks good on you Pearl."
"Fuck me White Boy."
"Doing just fine on your own, Ms. Jam."
"Feels good." She gyrates as Pinky and Dee fondle their bandmates breasts with one hand each. Deekoi's other hand frolicking in Gavin's pubes, while Pinky reached around to squeeze Gavin's balls of steel.
Behind them Ginger took Mavis to the other side of the circular sofa and let the tattoo artist ride her, just as Jezabelle was doing Gavin. Mavis was moaning one second, kissing Ginger the next. Finally, Ginger sighs, palming her lover's tits. "Gavin?"
"All ears Ginger Bread."
"For the record...While I am a hermaphrodite I prefer Intersex. I'm not actually transgender. Although some consider themselves that. I'm not offended by your lack of knowledge, nor am I opposed to your nicknaming me TransGinger. It is rather cute."
"Can't say I'm well versed in those kind of things. Don't matter to me Ginger. You're my friend, and I hope we stay on those terms."
"Absolutely. Any thoughts on our job offer?"
"Let you know soon as Jizzabelle here finishes her midnight ride."
"Midnight ride? Is that a racist comment, White Boy?"
"Getting near the witching hour. Besides, after I shot my load on you, I could refer to you as, White Girl."
"Fuck you!" She rides him harder. His hands gripping her ass leaving prints embedded. She clutches his face leaning in to kiss him hard. Pinky and Deekoi merely caressed them on their journey. Minutes later Jezabelle James cums hard around his beast.
"Might wanna hop off the horse Outlaw." She barely escapes as Gavin erupts like a volcano. This time both Pinky and Dee dive low to lick his dick and abdomen of droplets. He felt like a God. Throwing his arms high he bellows "LONG LIVE THE KING." The toast Mavis had made earlier was right on the royalty.
Mavis laughs at him with exhaustion, now that she had cum herself, Ginger holding her with love in her eyes.
"I'll take the job on a couple three conditions." He directs his words. Pinky and Dee still kissing their way up his chest. He places his arms around them once they reach his neck and finishes reciting his terms.
"One...we party like this more often. We never did get to jam out." Everyone agreed lustfully. Jezabelle using both hands on his beast to work out any final trickles of cum.
"And?" Ginger grew intrigued.
"Two...I need a ride home."
"I got you covered, White Boy." Jezabelle smiles licking her fingers of cum.
"Three...I need an advance on my first paycheck."
"Done!" Ginger timidly grins. "Welcome aboard. I do believe you've become the missing piece of Milkbone."
"Does your bodies good."
All agreed.
After another hour of sobering up, everyone got dressed, and headed home. Cash in hand, Gavin had Jezabelle make a pit stop at a 24 hour Wal-Mart. There, he made a few purchases of groceries, and one thing more. Pearl admired his story of earlier in the day.
Hauling his things home she gets to see his apartment. Groceries put away he goes back to her Land Rover for the final purchase. He kisses Jezabelle goodbye, and sends her on her way.
Hoisting his final load up to the third floor, he rests a brand new bicycle, the very same bike that Vicki had damaged against the wall. Removing the busted bike out to the dumpster, he prepares to call it a night. Heading upstairs he hears Isabella's door open. Out in the hall crept a man in his 40's with a neat black haircut, lightly peppered in grey. His cologne strong. Dressed snazzy. Running into one another the man held the Tupperware of tacos Isabella had made for him.
"You must be Blake." Gavin extended a hand. Instead of being friendly, Blake hands him the dish.
"Might as well finish them off. She won't be cooking for you anytime soon. Stay away from Isabella." He attempts intimidation. Gnarly had three inches on the man, forty pounds of weight as well. Gavin wasn't stressed.
As they stared each other down, the back door opened up, making them realize someone else was around. In walked Crystal Balou sobbing. She too realized their presence, and swiftly stormed past them into her apartment. Gavin narrowed his eyes with concern.
With a gruff shoulder bump, Blake took his leave.
Gavin shook his head at the situation, before stepping to Crystal's door. Lightly knocking she answers the door with her dress unzipped in back allowing it to droop a bit in front. Her mascara streaking her face.
"You okay Blue?"
"Do I look okay?" She clutches her dress to keep it from slipping.
"Need an ear?"
"No. Bad night is all."
Gavin wasn't convinced. He stops her from closing the door. "Nope. Fill me in." He lifts her chin to see bruises around her throat. Further inspection found more redness surrounding her wrists and biceps. Rolling her eyes, she turns her back to him, revealing even larger bruises up and down her spine. "Who did this?"
"Do you remember my telling you about a bouncer we had to fire because he was stalking a waitress?"
"Vaguely. He stalking you now?"
"It wasn't a waitress. It was me all along. He was outside by my car waiting. There was no one around."
"Did he rape you?"
"No. Close though. Thankfully a patrol car drove by and saw it. Red lights spooked him."
"Fill out a report?"
She shies away from answering, making Gnarly snap his fingers to regain her attention. Sighing, she shakes her head emotionally.
"Why not?"
"He's a cop too. Bouncer part time. He only fled to avoid answering to other Officers."
"That's fucked up. Have you eaten?"
"Not recently."
"Tacos?" He lifts the container.
"Not especially. I just want a hot bath, and my bed."
Nodding, he steps back out of the doorway. "Across the way if you need me."
"Thanks. Night Gavin."
As she closes and locks her door, he shuffles toward his apartment. Before entering, he hears more crying. Stepping closer to listen, he realizes Isabella was just on the other side of her door.
"Izzy?"
"Yes, Maestro?"
"Blake hurt you?"
"No, Maestro."
"You know you can come to me if he does. I'll deal with him."
"You must not. Goodbye Maestro." She fades away.
"Well fuck." He hisses under his breath.
It was going to be a sleepless night.