"I'm not sure if I can wait until I get you home," I muttered as we left the shop. The mechanics next-door again paused to look at Katie's beautiful bare legs, revealed with each step.
Katie had just spent the best part of an hour carefully going through hundreds of pictures of herself in various states of undress, pleasuring herself with sex toys, sucking cock and fucking, and left the young man in the shop with the job of printing off her selection before bringing them to her later that day.
Then she'd left the shop after inviting him to show his friends and had given his hard teenage cock a little squeeze on the way out.
This was not a situation I would have thought possible before we embarked on this holiday. Even after nearly two weeks of watching my wife steadily turn from quiet and respectable to brazen and uninhibited, I couldn't have predicted this, not even an hour ago.
I looked at Katie. Her chest was heaving, as if close to orgasm - but she'd had no physical contact. Her eyes were glazed over, and her lips parted, she was breathing heavily through her mouth. Like an animal on heat, she was a slave to her base desire, which had built to an uncontrollable state.
"Fuck, I know. I'm sorry, I know I told him to be discreet, but then I told him to show all his friends. I just love the thought of some random Italian lads wanking over me!" I shared the same thoughts.
"If you think anything you said will change anything when it comes to who sees those pictures, you don't know the male mind very well, "I laughed. "Every picture on there will be on WhatsApp before we see Giuseppe again."
"Oh! Do you think so?"
I nodded.
"One hundred percent!"
"You don't mind?"
"Do you?" Katie's expression gave away her feelings. She was delighted at the prospect of these photos being shared around Giuseppe's friends. But right now, she had other targets of her uncontrollable lust.
Katie stopped on the concourse of the garage and surprised all of us (and, I later found, even herself) by pulling each strap of her halter neck aside, completely revealing her pert breasts. The mechanics' eyes almost popped out.
"Was this what you were trying to catch a glimpse of?" she questioned. "Or was it this?" She pulled the loose material of her dress to one side, ensuring all of the watching eyes saw her pretty little vagina. She stood like that for around ten seconds, breasts and pussy on display. She was still breathing very heavily, panting even, her chest heaving up and down - so much so that her breasts visibly bounced.
One of the mechanics had his phone trained on her, and she turned to him obligingly as he snapped away. The others followed suit, and Katie smiled and turned to each in turn, ensuring they all got pictures.
I looked around wildly, it was the middle of the day, and couples and families were walking by. Luckily none could really see what was happening. But as my wife's hand made its way down between her legs, I decided I had to drag her away before unwanted eyes noticed what was happening. The bus stop was beside the river bank, and I pulled my wife, aroused beyond the point of reason or rational thought, towards this and then down the small hill and out of eyeshot.
"You fucking dirty little whore," I admonished her. "Flashing your cunt and your tits to all of those guys. You were just about to start fingering yourself for them, weren't you? It's the middle of the fucking day!"
For a moment, she had a look of worry, as my voice must have sounded similar to the tone she'd regularly heard in the past when my jealousy had ruled. But this was congratulatory - I was revelling in her behaviour as much as she was. We were hardly out of sight of the road, but my cock was out and I had her stood up against a tree now, somehow getting her leg up and onto my shoulder.
"I am so fucking horny!" she gasped, as I fucked her hard. "I need it, I need it!"
"I fucking know what you need, and it's a lot more than I can give you right now. But I'm going to make sure you get it, you fucking whore. I'm going to make sure you get all the cock you need, just like Emilia. Cock after cock, just like you want. Fill your mouth up with spunk, fuck your cunt, fuck your arse. That's what you want, isn't it?"
"I don't want it, Dan, I need it. I need it. I need cock, so, so much. I need all of the sperm. I love you, doing this for me, making sure I get all the cock I need. I love cock!"
"I think you might want to turn around," I whispered. Unsurprisingly, given the show Katie had been unceremoniously prevented from putting on for them, a few of the audience from the garage had followed us, and were standing silently watching us fuck. Katie immediately pulled her dress up, ensuring her slippery cunt was on full view. She was desperately pulling her tits free of the dress, desperate for everyone to understand just what a whore she was. I was the one fucking her, but she was only interested in her audience at this point -- she needed them to understand just how much of a slut she was, and how much she loved the attention.
"You like watching me fuck?" She shouted at them. "I'm such a whore! Puttana!" Her hand rubbed urgently at her clit, bringing her to orgasm almost instantly - or perhaps just continuing an orgasm that had begun as soon as she'd exposed herself to these men. She was completely out of control, and I loved it.
Given the intensity of the situation, and how much we'd been building towards a release today, I expected that I'd have reached my own orgasm almost immediately too. Perhaps it was the proximity of these mechanics, as performing for an audience wasn't a situation I'd been in before, but I was not feeling like I was anywhere near my own climax. This suited Katie perfectly, and she stood proudly, encouraging her audience to enjoy the show as she took a pounding from my cock. The top half of her dress was completely loose now, her chest totally bare, and she'd bunched up her dress around her waist, so she was as good as naked. I saw her white stiletto heels had sunk deep into the grass, not quite the footwear for this sort of activity.
This went on for a few minutes. Katie was bucked forwards violently as I fucked her with everything I had. I had a handful of her hair which steadied her head, but her beautiful tits were bouncing energetically with every thrust. She looked at each of the four faces watching us in turn, holding their gaze and leaving no doubt that she was the filthiest, horniest little slut they would ever have the pleasure to witness.
I have no doubt that Katie would have happily fucked everyone in attendance right there and then, but cars were driving by just a few metres above us, and someone could walk by at any time. When I saw our bus approaching in the distance, I forced her to gather herself together. She rearranged her dress and made herself somewhat decent, and we ran up the bank to the bus. I saw Katie waving to her onlookers as I paid the fare. I noticed a boat which had silently slipped along the river behind our backs, unbeknownst to either of us. In it were a young couple, staring at us open mouthed, unexpected viewers of Katie's unplanned sex show.
We sat in silence on the bus, gathering our thoughts and catching our breath. We'd done a lot of things already on this holiday which I could never have imagined were possible - certainly for a happily married couple. But this had felt different. Another, much more serious line had been crossed. I could literally feel Katie's lust, her physical need for cock. And I wondered if I needed her to have it as much as she did.
It was late afternoon, and we made it home and started to get ready for another evening at Francos - our last.
"I'd happily do this for the rest of my life," Katie mused, as she put on her make-up. "It's so nice here. I love what you're letting me become. But do you think I'm OK? I'm wondering if I might be a nymphomaniac. I was totally out of control today, I'd have let anyone fuck me, all of those guys, anyone passing by. I'm such a whore."
"I must admit it crossed my mind today. You being a nympho, I mean. But if you're OK with it, I know I am."
"I so am!" Katie admitted. "It's a good thing you dragged me away, at the garage there. I'd completely lost track of where I was. I was just about to start playing with myself, right in front of everyone."
"I'd have let you too, you know? If it wasn't for the fact we'd probably have been arrested. And when we were fucking, before the bus came, if one of those guys had come over and just stuck his cock in your mouth... I was willing one of them to do it. And before that, when you grabbed that lad's cock in the shop - wow!"
"Even after everything you've said, I don't think I really believed you. That you really, truly were OK with me fucking other men. But now? You mean it, I know it. You'd really have liked to see me sucking their cocks. Honesty, up until today it's all been talk. Hot, hot talk, but it felt just like it was for titillation. But I know it's real now. I was thinking about sucking off Giuseppe, right there in the shop. And you're right, those guys from the car shop, any one of them, all of them, I know I'd have fucked them. And I know you want me to.
My wife looked into my eyes lovingly as she grasped my cock, as usual as hard as could be.
"You can't fake this. It's not hard to see, every time we talk about it, it gets you off so much, nearly as much as me!"
"Maybe more," I admitted. "I just can't believe I've had this incredibly sexy wife the whole time, and I had no idea you were in there. There's no going back now, we've worked up to it so much. We've worked up these thoughts of you doing a full-on gangbang, fucking cock after cock. Every time I fuck you now, all I'm thinking is how much I'd love to see you taking load after load in your mouth, or seeing a queue behind me waiting for their turn."
"Me too," Katie agreed, her pretty brow furrowed seriously. She sipped from her glass of wine, holding my gaze as she did so. "Do you think we've gone too far with it?"
"Maybe, I dunno. But, if I said it all had to stop now, could you?"
"No." We both knew it.
"So, the only thing now is to do it. See how we feel afterwards. But I'm pretty sure, based on Franco and Emilia's history, that one time would not be the end of it. It would be the beginning, not the end."
"I'm going to have a talk with Emilia when we get there, see what she says."
Making sure to put the photo albums in Katie's bag, we set off.
Katie had gone all-out for our last night at Franco's. She had a black, leather micro skirt on, and her regulation black stilettos. The skirt was more like a belt than anything else. And on her top half she opted for a bikini top, her favourite one which did a great job of pushing her amazing chest up into a superb cleavage. She wore nothing under the skirt. If she really concentrated, she could keep from flashing when she sat, or crossed her legs. But if she didn't...
Franco was most appreciative of this outfit, and Emilia was pleased to see her looking so good too.
"Ah, sexy, sexy Katie, sexy puttana," she smiled.
"I am such a puttana, Emilia, wait until you hear about today!"
Katie recounted the events in town. Emilia was most interested in her interaction with Giuseppe. We didn't give them the reason we'd been in his shop, as that would have spoiled the surprise gift we had planned. But Emilia was familiar with the young man who's hard cock Katie had fondled earlier that day.
"Giuseppe Brocato?" she shrieked, "Oh I don't believe it. Hey Franco!"
It turned out that Giuseppe was the son of Emilia's best friend. She'd even been his babysitter, many years ago. She seemed to find the fact that Katie had had such fun with him extremely entertaining, and so did Franco. Katie didn't want to spoil the photo album surprise, so didn't tell them that he would be here with the photos later.
There was an extra face at Franco's, a blonde young man who was there on a maintenance contract, cleaning and checking Franco's big pizza oven. He was working away as we sipped our wine and chatted. We'd arrived a good few hours before the evening service started.
"Emilia," Katie said, sincerely. "I wanted to talk to you, I think you're the only one who can help!"
"OK, Katie, for you, I will try, what can I do?"
"Like I was saying, I was totally out of control today. I'd have fucked anyone passing by, right in the middle of the street. I think I might be a nymphomaniac. I might have ended up in jail today!"
"Oh poor, poor Katie. You really need it, no?"
"We think she does," I replied for her. "But we're worried about what comes next!"
"Next?" Emilia smiled. "You mean what happen once you get what you need when you get five, ten cocks, all for you?"
Katie nodded enthusiastically.
"Yes. I feel like I'll never go back, once..."
"The door is open, eh?" Emilia smiled. "Once this door open, it does not close. You fuck with Dan, it lovely, it beautiful. But it not enough, yes? You always thinking about more, more. But you are already walking through this door, eh? You will not turn back now."
"I think you need this like I need this. The one thing that make me do it, I need more. I need more cocks. In the magazine I get four, five cocks, one time every month. I do the films, I get ten, more cocks, every week. This is much better for me. Without this, I don't know what I do."
"So, what you are saying, Emilia," I interrupted, "Is that I need to make sure Katie is fucked, regularly, by a large number of men?"
I said it with a half-smile, but deep down I was serious. Emilia smiled sympathetically
"This is what Katie needs. She get this, she happy, no?" Emilia smiled. "And I think you happy too, yes? Franco, he always say, he loves to see me happy, but he not an athlete, eh? He have to be, to make me, how you say, satisfied, yes?
"This way you know Katie is happy, she is satisfied. And you like it too, you are happy. And Katie, I say no worry. Franco used to call me his ninfomane, addicted to the sex, yes? I don't know, maybe I am. But I here now, no? And I happy. I think there nothing wrong with you. I think there something wrong with the girl who don't like this, the girl who don't like the cocks."
Emilia was called away, and we contemplated this.
"I feel as though our lives are never going to be the same, after this holiday," I smiled. We shared a moment, as a life of endless sexual possibilities opened up before us.
We were snapped out of these lovely thoughts by a buzzing sound approaching, and I turned to see a moped, struggling to get up the hill. It was Giuseppe.
He had a satchel over his shoulder, and dismounted, kicking the stand on his battered, 50cc bike.
"Hi Giuseppe," Katie stood to welcome him. Just a few hours earlier she'd squeezed his hard cock in the shop. His bag, presumably, contained one hundred and sixty pictures of my wife naked and engaging in various sex acts, as we'd arranged.
"Ciao, Giuseppe," the guy doing the oven was now standing, wiping his hands on a rag.
"Tino!" Giuseppe responded, and the two shook hands, clearly very familiar with each other.
Despite the oven being ready to go, and Giuseppe's delivery job being complete, it was noticeable that neither of the young men were looking like making any attempt to leave. I suspected Giuseppe had briefed Tino as to the contents of the satchel he'd handed to Katie. Given this information, it was hardly surprising that he'd opted to hang around.
Katie had, as you would expect, some more wicked thoughts. And so did I. Emilia and Franco were now preparing for the evening service, so Katie was busy preparing Franco and Emilia's surprise photo albums. She called the boys over to 'help'. I watched as she asked for their comments on each photo - whether it was best after one such picture or another, or whether another would be more appropriate.
I knew the only purpose was for her to exhibit her filthy pictures to these young lads and enjoy their reaction. Having seen the effect this had on her in the shop earlier, I knew that she'd be soaking wet. And I suspected the boys couldn't fail to be hard for her.
Each time Emilia appeared, Katie hid what she was doing, not wanting to spoil the surprised when the photo album was complete. She chatted away as if she was not up to anything. Whilst this was going on, I managed to get Giuseppe away from her for a minute. It was the last night of our holidays, and I didn't want any misunderstandings -- Katie was not just flirting or teasing, she was extremely available for sex, there was nothing she'd like more. I knew Katie would thank me for making this clear. Having a husband hanging around could confuse matters, especially for young men such as these. I decided to make it impossible to misunderstand.
"Hi," I said, trying to put Giuseppe at ease. His eyes flashed back to where Katie was trying to get Tino to tell her whether a picture of her fingering herself would be more appropriate than the one where she was holding her pussy wide open.
"You like Katie?" I asked, pointedly. Giuseppe didn't answer immediately. This was the type of question that could get you into trouble.
"I, eh... I dunno. I mean..." I tried to make it easier for him.
"It's OK, don't worry. I love her to be like this," I pointed over where she was making sure Tino got an excellent view of a picture of her easing the butt plug into herself. "We both love it when guys find her attractive. I'd be a bit worried about you if you didn't - I mean, look at her!"
"Yeah, she is a very beautiful girl, bella!" Giuseppe smiled, relaxing a bit.
"I guess this is a bit strange, but I just wanted to ask. Katie is my wife, but both of us like her to enjoy herself."
"Enjoy herself?" Giuseppe queried. He needed clarity. I needed to just come out with it.
"She needs a lot more than any one man can give her, sexually. We're going back to England tomorrow. Would you like to fuck her?"
Giuseppe looked stunned, but only very briefly. Recognising this was an opportunity that wouldn't come up very often, he gathered himself, then simply nodded.
"OK. How about Tino, think he'd like to fuck her?" Another simple nod.
This was good. But Franco's words were echoing around my head. Four, five, six, nowhere near enough. I wanted to try to make sure Katie had a chance to really scratch this itch that our holiday had instigated.
"Well, we can arrange this, tonight? But she needs a lot of men. Have you got any friends who you think might be around tonight? And who might like Katie too?"
"You sure? She really OK with this?"
"Trust me, she's more than OK."
"I get two friends, I sure."
"That's amazing. But don't stop there. Anyone else you can think of?"
"I guess. I talk to Tino too. How many you want?"
"I don't think you have enough friends," I laughed. "As many as you can round up!"
"I think Katie is like Milly," he laughed, nodding over at Emilia. I found this fascinating -- Emilia had been Giuseppe's babysitter, yet her voracious sexual appetite seemed to be common knowledge to him. At another time I would have explored this situation, but for now I simply agreed. Katie appeared to share exactly the same sexual urges as Emilia.
It was no coincidence that my wife's recent sexual preferences had started to take shape after meeting Emilia. She was Katie's inspiration. But, tonight, my focus was on my wife getting what she needed.
Things moved quickly from there. Giuseppe got on the phone, and I saw Tino do the same after a brief clandestine conversation with his friend. I realised we needed a venue and went to ask Franco who happily gave me the keys to his house, making me promise to get some pictures if I could.
I told Katie we had to go back to Franco's house to pick up his camera, as he wanted it to take pictures of her tonight whilst I fucked her, and that I'd told the boys Katie would love them to watch her fuck. This was music to her ears. Once there, I just had to stall her until Giuseppe and whoever he'd managed to round up arrived.
We strolled down the hill to Franco's home. It was under ten minutes to walk from the restaurant. Katie's unexpected lovers were on their way already. Katie had no idea this was coming; I couldn't wait to see her reaction when she realised.
"OK, here's the camera, let's go," she said, grabbing Franco's camera without any delay. She wanted to get back to Franco's. I managed to stall her with some dirty talk.
"You just want to get back there so you can keep on teasing those young lads, don't you?"
"I do," she moaned. "I love showing them the pictures, showing them how much of a dirty bitch I am! Did you really tell them they could watch us fucking?"
"Oh yes," I confirmed, "And what if they don't' want to just watch? Maybe you'll get an extra cock to play with tonight? Giuseppe, Tino. Do you want me to ask if they'd like to fuck you?"
"Ohhh, so much. Whore me out, offer me up to anyone who fancies it."
"Are you serious? You definitely want it?"
"Are you? Fuck Dan, don't tease me like this. You know I've dreamed about getting fucked in front of you so much, I need it so bad!"
"What about if they brought their friends along? Told them they had a really dirty little English slut ready to do anything they wanted?"
I was continuing to fuck her, and the conversation was very similar to what we'd been talking about for the past few days. Katie thought it was still just talk.
"Oh, fucking yes please. The more the merrier."
"Five? Six?"
"Keep going. Seven, eight. As many as you can find!"
"So, you're happy for as many complete strangers as we can find to turn up and just fuck you?"
"More than happy. I need it!"
I could hear the drone of a moped approaching, which I immediately recognised as Giuseppe's. I hoped he wasn't alone. Katie, no doubt, would fuck him, but in this mood, she would tear him apart. Through the glass near the porch I saw the moving glare of what seemed to be headlights. A car - perhaps Tino's. So at least two. This was happening, and I was feeling the rush now, much more than Katie as I knew it was real. I continued egging her on.
"And what do you want them to do to you?" I asked, slamming into her now. It was hugely arousing knowing I was simply warming my wife up and that soon she'd be willingly accepting new, strange cocks into her tight, slippery and welcoming little hole - as many as Giuseppe could muster.
"I want them to use me totally. Fuck my cunt. Fuck my face. Fuck my arsehole. Suck my tits. Take pictures of me being a whore for them to show all their friends. Cum in my face, in my mouth, up my cunt, up my arse."
I was particularly intrigued that she was starting to crave anal sex. This wasn't something which had been on the agenda at all until now, but I'd noticed her eyes lingering on some of the pictures of Emilia clearly enjoying a penis up that particular orifice. I also suspected that it was a subject that had been discussed in her long conversations with Franco's wife.
"You want to get fucked up the arse?"
"Yeah, I really do. I had that plug up there the whole day yesterday, and I've love to experience a cock in its place. Emilia says she used to get her best orgasms that way."
At this I slipped a finger up her tight little hole, as I continued to fuck her, and after a few moments replaced it with my thumb. Katie pushed back, enjoying this extra penetration.
"Oh Christ, yes. Any fucking hole, any fucking cock. I'm such a whore!"
Taking this as my invitation, I removed my cock from her dripping cunt and pushed against her small, tight little anus. Letting her do the work, I braced myself as she pushed back against my solid member. After a minute or so of her easing herself open for me, I began pushing gently, still letting her control the amount of penetration she was taking. I pulled out, and moistened up the tight little hole with a large dollop of saliva, before continuing to stretch her.
After a few more minutes, I was able to fuck her more fully, at least three quarters of my cock invading that little hole. I heard her beathing intensify as she silently enjoyed both of our first experiences of anal sex. The grip on my cock was incredible.
"Oh, Jesus. That's so tight," I muttered. "You OK?"
"I'm so fucking horny!" she assured me. "You like fucking my asshole?" I decided that I certainly did. And no doubt, so would our guests. But at least her husband had been first.
Before I could reply, I heard a shuffling behind us, I turned to look and saw our new arrivals. I did a quick head count and was delighted to see six young men standing there, silently. I waved at them, motioning to keep silent. Six cocks, Katie was going to be delighted. This was really happening.
No matter how much you talk it through, or try to prepare yourself mentally, there's no real way of knowing how you'll react when your wife is about to have sex with a stranger. And now, here were six men waiting to fuck Katie. I was pleased to find that, as I'd expected and hoped, I had no feeling other than intense lust about the situation. Not for the first time, I pictured how this situation would have ended just two weeks earlier. Very differently.
It was time.
"I want you to imagine there's six guys here, watching you get fucked, "I told her, in the commanding voice she'd liked so much the other night. "What are you going to say to them?"
"Get over here and fuck this little whore with no mercy!" she called out immediately. "Do whatever you want to me. Fuck me like the Puttana I am!"
At this I withdrew and took a step back, grabbing Franco's camera and starting filming. This was to be a moment we'd watch and rewatch again and again over the years. Katie was still bent over the fountain, pushing her arse back trying to re-engage with the cock which had pulled out of her so abruptly.
"Thanks for an amazing holiday. Here's your reward for being the best fucking slut of a wife in the world."
Katie turned, annoyed that I'd stopped fucking her. She may as well have been naked, the bikini top was around her waist, as was the skirt. Her cunt was puffy and very ready after the attention it had received already. Her anus was still slowly closing, my cock having just slipped free of its tight grip.
When she realised we weren't alone, she was speechless. She just looked at me, her face adopting the expression of a child who'd just unwrapped their presents to reveal that one, completely untouchable gift which would never be a possibility, which they only put on their list in jest, never believing it could actually be a reality.
"What are you waiting for, fuck her!" I told the boys.
My wife's expression turned to one of sheer lust. She sat on the edge of the fountain and drew her knees up, her heels hooking onto the stone rim of the opulent, circular centrepiece of Franco's courtyard. As she spread as wide as she could, her pussy was lit up via the several big lights surrounding us. Her hand involuntarily found its way back down there, and she again masturbated for an audience, but this time a much bigger one than she'd experienced.
"Fuck her, boys!" I urged again. My wife giggled in delight, continuing to finger herself for the young men as they shuffled closer.
Over the next three hours Katie was fucked mercilessly. As Franco had very correctly predicted, no one guy managed to last for any length of time. Katie was just too enthusiastic, just too plain dirty.
Nevertheless, she was kept entertained. This was because another car arrived about half an hour into proceedings, containing five reinforcements. Furthermore this was followed by a moped with two guys on it, meaning Katie had a further seven cocks to play with, thirteen in total, not including mine.
By the time she'd been through each of the boys once, the first had recovered enough to join her again. And the second time around was much better, from Katie's perspective -- the edge having been taken off their arousal, each of the young men were able to go for much longer.
These Italians seemed to have a liking for her anus, and she'd completely fallen in love with anal sex by this stage after receiving a thorough anal fucking from most of the boys. During proceedings, we'd regularly make eye contact. Each time this happened, Katie's expression immediately morphed from the filthy, 'give it to me harder' look she wore for the boys, to one of complete gratitude, sheer bliss and, dare I say it, love. Which might seem strange, as there was usually a stranger's cock down her throat at the time.
I contemplated that I'd only just explored my wife anally, but in the past few hours she'd encouraged at least ten of these guys to stretch that previously unexplored hole. And she loved it. So did I.
The highlight, for me, was towards the end of the session. Two of the more adventurous ones maneuvered Katie into such a whorish position, on her back with her weight on one guy who was fervently fucking her anally, whilst a second hammered into her vaginally. This was so hot to watch that three guys (four including me) gave her yet another mouthful of sperm to swallow down, as she accepted these two cocks, so delighted to have this extraordinarily filthy act performed on her.
It wasn't clear whether it was the multiple loads of sperm she was given, or the cocks hammering into both her holes. But this prompted an impressively loud and unbelievably intense orgasm which went on and on.
Towards the end of proceedings, Franco and Emilia returned home, pleased to see a bunch of guys fucking my wife around their patio. Franco was delighted to hear that I'd got the whole thing on camera, as was Emilia. They stood and watched the last guys finish up, each of whom gave Katie another mouthful for her troubles. Eventually no-one had anything left to give her.
"Ah, bella Katie!" Emilia clapped her hands at the sight of my wife, exhausted and satisfied, sperm oozing from her pussy and smeared over her face. Franco manned the camera, and Emilia unexpectedly dropped to her knees between Katie's legs.
"Emilia?" Katie didn't move, legs still splayed apart. A couple of the boys had their phones out, and were snapping away at the sight of my wife, having just taken more cocks than many women experience in a lifetime. Katie offered no objection, smiling into their lenses and blowing kisses as they recorded the evidence of her emphatic introduction into the world of infidelity, and the sight of the wife of the local pizza restaurateur kneeling between her legs. Emilia smiled up at Katie.
I see some of these boys left you a little present! Not so little, maybe!" she smiled, on all fours with her face only a few inches from Katie's shaved hole. Emilia had no problem with the audience, and proceeded to make Katie shriek, and Franco roar in approval by introducing her tongue to the young, sperm-filled pussy in front of her. By this point of our holiday I'd seen Katie do so much, nothing surprised me anymore. But, even so, this was an unexpected turn, and I joined the young men, and Franco, in fixing my camera onto the scene.
"Here is my Emilia!" Franco cheered. "It's been too long, eh?"
"Oh fuck!" Katie began another orgasm immediately, the sheer filthiness of the situation overwhelming her. Emilia lapped away at Katie's well fucked pussy, gathering up as much semen she could in her mouth as it oozed out of my wife. Pulling the lips wide apart, Emilia delved deep, and Katie writhed as this woman, four years older than her mother, cleaned up several loads of semen from the young men from her hometown from this delightful little cunt.
Giuseppe was still here, as were a few others, but most had drifted away. I wondered what the dynamic was between him and Emilia and Franco, as he casually watched his ex-babysitter sharing a kiss with Katie, lubricated with the sperm of many of his friends, perhaps also his own. Whilst it was intriguing, it wasn't for me to question right now.
Tino was ready to leave. It turned out that he was mainly responsible for the impressive turnout as he'd invited all of his football team, and at least half of them had taken him up on it.
"Thank you, beautiful lady, so much. Everyone say this, you are an amazing woman!"
"Thank you. Tino." Both Katie and Emilia had the sperm of several men smeared across their faces at this point. "I really, really needed that. I bet you are a really good team, you work together so well!"
"I never see a girl love the cock like this," he said, smiling. "It is just a shame that you go home tomorrow, I have a lot of friends who I know would like to meet you."
Katie's ears perked up. Any thoughts I might have had that her desire had been stated were immediately dispelled.
"Really? We're not actually flying until eight tomorrow..."
As a result of this conversation, I boarded the plane the following evening with an even more unfaithful wife. Tino was very connected, and he'd managed to arrange for a further group of guys to come around to Franco's the next morning. Emilia and Franco were also delighted with this extra session, as they were able to witness proceedings. Franco had taken what must have been thousands more pictures.
The difference of this taking place in the daytime was stark. The bright sunlight amplified the sheer and blatant filthiness of the situation. The fact that Katie was still just as horny as ever in the light of day, without any alcoholic influence, was an enormous turn-on. Katie was again fucked vigorously and enthusiastically by the latest volunteers. She orgasmed almost constantly. Each time a new cock was introduced, and she looked up to be reminded of just how much of a whore she was, she writhed in sheer pleasure at the thought of her debauchery.
By three p.m. everyone (except Katie) was spent. We'd planned to start packing and arranging the journey to the airport by now - but then Giuseppe appeared, with several of the mechanics from next-door to his shop in tow.
Katie was ecstatic. The time she'd exposed herself to these guys was when the switch had really flipped, and the insatiable slut before us all was unleashed. I recalled the looks on some of these very faces that day and knew Katie would have been recalling the same thing, drawing on the incredible sexual energy of that afternoon. My wife took enormous pleasure in allowing each of them to have their way with her, and she savoured each thick load of sperm that they provided. As had been the case the previous night, each of the guys were very pleased to have at least one additional visit, and Katie's pussy and anus took another intense and very welcome battering.
Eventually there was nobody left who could raise more than a smile, which was lucky as there would have been no way I'd have even attempted to tear Katie away from the focus of her lust, and we really did have to leave if we were to catch our flight. Before we left We just had time to present Franco and Emilia with their gift, the four albums of pictures Franco had taken. Emilia was delighted with our gift, and Franco was, believe it or not, in tears. In return, they had some gifts for us - the jewelled butt plug, which Emilia had used in a few videos we'd watched, and Katie had already enjoyed, and a special edition of the magazine Emilia had appeared in so often. This was an issue we'd not seen - Emilia was on the cover. We looked forward to looking at it when we got home.
Franco insisted on driving us to the airport. We contemplated that we'd barely touched our holiday funds - other than a few activities on the first couple of days of our break, the water skiing and one trip on a glass-bottom boat, our time had been mainly spent eating and drinking at Franco's and neither he nor Emilia would even consider taking even one Euro from us, despite the fact we'd eaten their amazing pizza and pasta, and drank their superb wine, daily.
"You keep the money, eh, and when you get home, you book another flight back to visit next year," Emilia had suggested. We had no doubt we'd be back, this had been a life changing holiday, and neither of us wanted to leave. Franco had his own copies of the thousands of photos he'd taken. both from the two days Katie had been modelling for him, and from today's amazing session, where Katie had entertained Tino and so many of his friends.
We'd given up on any possibility of keeping any control over on who saw this footage, so had adopted an attitude of 'Que Sera', Katie going as far as suggesting Franco might want to speak to Tino about printing them off for him - she knew he offered excellent rates, when offered a certain persuasion.
The flight home offered us a chance to breathe - the last twenty-four hours had been incredibly intense. The plane was only half-full, and the third seat in our row was empty, with only one lady in the window seat in the opposite aisle. We were in the rear row, so had no neighbours behind us, and in front a young girl dozed with her headphones in.
"Wow!" I said, eventually. Whenever we made eye contact Katie had such a look of adoration for me, a look I'd not even seen on our wedding day. Her pupils were completely dilated. She looked like a little puppy-dog. "Well, I can safely say that's the most unexpected holiday of my life!"
"I concur," smiled Katie. "So, when are we coming back?"