Rebecca stood on the balcony of their apartment with a glass of Kendall Jackson Merlot in her right hand. She looked out at the apartment building just fifty feet away, an apartment building exactly like hers. As her eyes moved from one balcony to another, she imagined that the apartments inside looked much like the apartments in her buildings. This was a safe bet because both buildings were designed by the same architect firm and built by the same construction company. The two buildings weren't particularly nice, being about twenty years old, but they were a lot nicer than some of the old buildings on the South Side of Chicago that had been all but torn up and abused by a couple generations of impoverished families. Truth be told, Rebecca was happy with her apartment.
And she was even more happy now that her boyfriend had moved in. They were still unpacking some of the boxes he brought with him, but so far the benefits of having him near were awesome. She did the cooking and he cleaned up the kitchen. If he tossed clothes on the floor, it resulted in his responsibility to clean the entire room. And he couldn't suggest they have sex until the living room was straightened up and the dishes placed in the sink. They had a great arrangement and they stuck with that arrangement. For the most part... In the two weeks since he moved in, they had broken the rules only three times, and that was because she wanted to fuck as much as he did.
And she loved to get fucked by him. His long hard cock filled her pussy to a greater extent than she had ever experienced, and she loved to feel him pound her from behind. She would always cum faster when he fucked her from behind. But her favorite position, if she was forced to admit it, was sixty-nine. She loved it when he went down on her and she loved doing the same to him. He could lick her pussy and suck her clit better than any lover she remembered, and she could remember a lot of lovers. She loved sex. Of course, he was a man, so he loved sex, too. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how a perfect relationship was made.
They had just finished fucking and the afterglow of wonderful sex still caused a sweet fog around her as she looked out at downtown Chicago. She stood there, totally naked, slowly sipping her wine while leaning against the railing of her balcony. Then she slowly surveyed the apartment building next to hers, a nearly identical building. The balconies of both buildings were about six feet deep, just enough room for a small table and chairs, and about twenty feet long. There was about ten feet between neighboring balconies; just enough, she suspected, to keep neighbors from visiting neighbors unannounced. So Becky had two small tables pulled together, making enough room for a total of about six people, should they choose to invite friends over for a meal on the balcony. So far, that had not occurred, but she knew it would happen soon. They had a number of mutual friends and most of them knew most of the rest. So, soon they would have friends over for dinner or drinks or both.
Becky looked down at the ground, nineteen floors below. The walls of the balconies were not walls at all, but a series of clear plastic panels with rods of steel reinforcing the clear panels. She could see the ground easily since the thin plastic panels were totally transparent, giving the illusion of empty space below the railings.
Just then, she felt two arms snake around her chest and settle on her large tits. She quietly moaned her pleasure as she felt a cock nestle into the crack of her ass. Becky recognized her lover's hands as they gently squeezed her tits. She loved the way he massaged her boobs and twisted her nipples. He was so good at it that she could cum just from his tit-play.
As he played with her boobs, he nuzzled his lips in her hair, gently kissing her ear and the skin of her neck just under her ear. She moaned again, this time louder, at his love-making efforts. And then she felt his hard cock slowly press between her thighs, easily sliding in their combined juices that were still leaking out of her pussy. She moaned again, still louder, as he slid his nine inch cock forward and backward as if he was actually fucking her. It was early morning and the sounds of Chicago were almost totally missing, causing her groan to echo off the opposite building. Becky opened her eyes and lazily looked across the gap between the buildings.
And then she froze.
On the balcony almost across from hers stood a man looking right at her. The two buildings were close enough that she could see a surprising amount of detail. She could see that he was tall, a few inches taller than six feet. She could see he had broad shoulders and a narrow waist. And she could see he had a long and hard cock, which he was slowly stroking, visible through the clear plastic just below the steel railing. He smiled at her, making no move to hide his cock. For a couple seconds, Becky felt waves of fear run through her body and she almost moved to hide her body from his gaze.
Becky had never allowed anyone to see her nude except for her lover at the time. She had many lovers over the years, but only one at a time. And she had never let another man watch her as she engaged in sexual activities with her current lover. But the more she thought about it, the more she felt excited about this stranger watching as her lover played with her tits and stroked his hard cock between her thighs. She felt herself getting wetter and she knew it was not only because of her lover's actions. She said nothing to Jimmy, her lover, instead choosing to let him continue his actions without telling him of their audience.
This went on for at least a minute as she moaned her pleasure. And each time she moaned, she could barely hear this stranger moan back. He was still slowly stroking his cock and his actions gave her a thrill she had never felt.
After several minutes of watching each other, Becky saw a tall, beautiful woman join the stranger across the gap, and he was quick to gesture a request for her silence. Then he looked at his lover and pointed across the gap at Becky and her lover. This new observer directly faced Becky and smiled. She slowly reached down to play with her shaved pussy. Becky could see the woman's lips part as the sexy stranger slowly pressed a finger into her pussy. It was obvious she was putting on a show and Becky moaned even louder.
"Jimmy, put it inside my pussy. I want to feel your hard cock fucking me." Becky's words were purposely louder than they needed to be, intending for her audience to hear her. She braced herself by taking hold of the railing and shoved her ass out toward her lover, making it easier for him to take her from behind.
"Oh, yeah, baby. I am going to fuck you silly." As dumb as that comment always sounded, Becky loved the fact that the couple could hear it from about fifty feet away. They smiled for a couple seconds, watching Jimmy position his boner at the swollen lips of her pussy. He paused briefly and then eased his cock forward, penetrating her deeply in one slow, smooth motion. Becky closed her eyes and groaned loudly, loving the feel of her lover's fat cock as it stretched her pussy to the max. Then she opened her eyes and looked at the other couple. They were imitating the fucking they were watching, and Becky could see his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. She finally decided to let Jimmy know they had an audience.
"Jimmy, I think you should know that we have an audience." She felt his thrusts jerk to a halt as he looked around. After several seconds he spotted the other couple. He stared for a moment as if unsure what to do, so Becky gave him some encouragement.
"Come on, honey. Fuck me hard. I am so horny." Her voice was loud enough for the other couple to hear, and she was glad to feel Jimmy grant her request. He started sliding in and out again as he watched the other couple do the same. Another minute and Becky decided to go for it.
"Honey, I am going to cum. Please fuck me harder." Jimmy increased the pace and Becky was excited to see the other couple do the same. She smiled at them and could see the other woman return the smile. She sensed her orgasm approaching so she added more instruction to their activity.
"Let me know when you are about to cum. I want it in my mouth and on my tits." Again, she spoke loud enough for the other couple to hear and she was excited to see them look at each other and nod. No more than a minute later Jimmy groaned loudly and pulled out of her pussy. Becky quickly turned around and dropped to her knees, bringing her mouth to within an inch or so of his cock. Another groan and the cum erupted out of her lover's hard cock, coating her face, filling her mouth, and finally dripping down onto her tits.
Through it all, they could hear the other couple moaning and groaning as he unloaded onto her face and tits as if in imitation. Becky was so excited by the sight that she came without touching herself. She shouted her release, and bucked and bounced so hard that she almost fell onto the floor of their balcony. Grabbing the nearest chair, she managed to steady herself. She looked up at Jimmy and saw him looking at the other balcony. She quickly glanced over and saw the stranger rub his cum all over his girlfriend's face and tits.
It was the most exciting sexual experience of her life.
As the two couples calmed down from their mutual orgasms, Becky called out to the other couple.
"Becky and Jimmy." The other couple responded in kind.
"Cheryl and Spencer." Then Becky spoke aloud a spontaneous idea.
"We're in 1907. We have wine and snacks if you are interested." The woman looked at her boyfriend and he nodded.
"Give us five minutes." And they disappeared inside their apartment. Five minutes later, Becky's doorbell rang.
She looked through the peephole to confirm who was at her door and then she unlocked it and opened the door. As expected, the couple from the other apartment building stood before her. A second later, wide smiles spread across both faces as they looked each other over.
Becky had decided to not get dressed because it was clear to everyone why she had invited the other couple over. And not only was Becky still nude but she had not cleaned Jimmy's cum off her face and tits. The other woman peered closely at Becky and then moaned as she walked into the apartment.
"It looks like someone might need a little help cleaning up." Becky looked over at Jimmy and then smiled at Cheryl. She was even more beautiful close up than she had appeared from almost sixty feet away.
"If you feel like it, I am sure we will both enjoy that." The two women looked closely at each other and grinned widely. Becky motioned for her visitors to follow her into the living room and got even more excited when they did.
The men sat down on the couch, but the women remained standing. They turned to face each other and slowly leaned forward until their lips gently met. They kissed softly, a romantic kiss more than a passionate kiss. But after several seconds, the passion took over.
The two men watched the two women engaging in erotic tongue actions as they squeezed each other's tits. Cheryl pinched Becky's hard nipples, giving them a gentle but firm twist. Becky moaned loudly, echoed by both men. Then Cheryl began licking the cum off Becky's face, collecting as much as she could in her mouth. A few seconds later, Becky tilted her head backward to an impossible extent and Cheryl opened her mouth, letting a thick dollop of cum ooze out of her mouth and fall into Becky's mouth. The men groaned again, letting their imaginations run wild. The two women kissed, sharing the cum between them. Finally, they swallowed in unison. Then they turned to the two men and no one spoke for a few seconds.
The four of them formally introduced themselves to each other while Cheryl slowly stripped. When she was just as naked as Becky, the four of them sat down in apparent random order. With hands resting on the thighs of alternate men, the women engaged the men in casual conversation. Within seconds, however, the women began to slowly stroke the thighs of the men they barely knew. That was the signal for the men to do the same. Very shortly, Jimmy was playing with Cheryl's boobs and Spencer was playing with Becky's boobs. A few more seconds of boob play resulted in Cheryl reaching down and rubbing Jimmy's dick through his pants. After about a minute of this, Becky broke the silence.
"Before things get out of hand, I would like to offer our new friends some wine. What would the two of you like?" She rose and walked into the kitchen, her tight ass moving a little more than normal. After watching Becky's tight ass for a couple of seconds, Cheryl stood and followed her into the kitchen. The two women compared notes concerning the favorite drinks of the two men, and then they carried the drinks to the living room. Becky paused before serving Jimmy his favored Johnny Walker Red and asked the important question.
"Okay, as hostess for this impromptu gathering, I guess it is my job to ask the question. Are we all okay with what is about to happen?" There was silence for about two seconds and then Jimmy tried to be funny.
"It depends on what is about to happen." Becky decided to be blunt in her answer.
"Well, for one thing, I want to be fucked by Spencer. And then I want to eat Cheryl until she screams. Other than that, I am pretty open." There was silence for a second and then all four of them laughed until Cheryl spoke up.
"And I want Jimmy's really big dick in my pussy and maybe even in my ass. And then I want to eat Spencer's cum out of Becky's pussy. So, Jimmy, what did you have in mind?" Another second of silence and then they all laughed as a cover for the anxiety that they were all experiencing. Becky decided that she would be as honest about her anxiety as she had been about her intentions. After a few seconds, Cheryl spoke.
"Well, Spencer and I have been with other couples several times. Each was a wonderful experience, and I expect this will be too." She smiled warmly at Becky, and then she gave Jimmy a sexy look. Then Becky continued with her confession.
"And I need to confess that I have never done this before. Actually, we have never done this before." Cheryl reached across Spencer's lap and took Becky's hand.
"Done what, sweetie?" Becky gulped and slowly inhaled.
"Well, for one thing, I have never been naked in front of more than one person at a time. I have had a number of lovers, but always one at a time. Now I am sitting naked in front of three people at once. In addition, I have just confessed that I want all three to be my lovers tonight. So, please overlook the nervous sweat on my forehead and palms." She gulped again and let some nervous laughter slip out. Cheryl slowly and obviously squeezed Becky's hand in clear reassurance.
"Relax, Becky, you are with friends." Both her words and the tone of her voice were intended to help Becky relax. The four of them sat there for a few seconds, letting silence reign. And then Cheryl stood and walked over in front of Becky. She slowly lowered herself to her knees and peered deeply into Becky's eyes.
"Honey, would you prefer to start with me going down on you, or with Spencer going down on you?" Becky took several seconds to think about her answer. Then she grinned at Cheryl.
"You know, that carpet is quite soft. I think it is perfect for some sixty-nine." And, still holding Cheryl's hand, Becky stood and led her new friend to the middle of the living room. They kissed, gently at first but with increasing passion. Tongues danced and then did battle. The men sat there, totally caught up in the show in front of them.
In minutes, Spencer had his cock out and was stroking it slowly. Jimmy was a little slow in pulling his cock out since he had never shown himself to another man. But the heat coming from the two women proved to be too strong for his inhibitions. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his boner. He slowly stroked it, still self-conscious about others watching him.
Becky was playing with Cheryl's tits while the two women were kissing. Then Cheryl's right hand slowly slid down Becky's body until it made contact with its target - Becky's pussy. Cheryl's pussy was shaved, revealing her smooth soft lips to everyone. Becky, on the other hand, let her pussy hair grow naturally, and she had a lush dark bush between her thighs. Cheryl's fingers played with Becky's bush for a couple of seconds and then her fingers probed that hair and played with the lips hiding there, lips that were already swollen with desire. A loud moan came from deep within Becky and the two women increased the intensity of their sexual activities. Still kissing Cheryl, Becky copied the other woman's actions and reached down for some pussy play. It only took a minute and then both women slowly sank to the soft carpet.
Cheryl positioned herself over Becky's pussy and gently nuzzled the lush fur with her nose. A few seconds later, she used her tongue to search out the lips all but hidden by Becky's large bush. And, of course, Becky's tongue quickly made contact with the sweet pussy in front of her. The men stood and walked over to where the women lay on the soft carpet to get a better look at what was happening. Jimmy groaned loudly and grinned widely.
"Awesome, isn't it?" Spencer's question jerked Jimmy from the scene at his feet. He grinned even more widely and nodded.
"Best I have ever seen." And he dropped his eyes to enjoy the two women as they moaned their pleasure. Becky was on top with Cheryl on her back, giving Jimmy a clear view of Cheryl eating Becky's pussy. He stared for quite some seconds as if unable to tear his eyes away from the action. Then he was surprised to see Spencer drop to his knees behind Becky, his long cock gently pressing at her pussy. He looked up at Jimmy as if asking permission and Jimmy simply nodded. And Jimmy watched as that long cock slowly slid into his girlfriend's pussy. Becky moaned loudly, pausing for just a second to look up at her lover. And then Jimmy dropped to his knees to offer his boner to Becky's mouth. The four of them continued without speaking for at least a minute. Then Cheryl's voice broke the silence.
"I have a suggestion. Why don't we continue this on the balcony. There's no telling who might be standing on their balcony, bored or lonely, and maybe we can give them something to remember. No one answered her, but all four of them got up and walked to the balcony. Becky had a soft blanket in her hands that she always left folded and on the back of the couch inside. She spread the blanket on the cold concrete floor of the balcony and Cheryl lay on it, her face turned up to the moon. Becky knelt over Cheryl's face as the women took up the position from inside. Jimmy looked over at Spencer and was surprised to see that the man had stripped. He slowly sunk to his knees behind Becky, like before, and he entered her from behind. His slow strokes pulled from Becky some more moans of pleasure as he fucked Jimmy's girlfriend. After watching things for a few seconds, Jimmy shrugged his shoulders and then stripped. When he knelt in front of Becky, she smiled at him and opened her mouth. Sliding into her mouth, Jimmy was overwhelmed with the erotic actions on his balcony. And then he shouted in shock.
Cheryl was licking his balls while he was fucking his girlfriend's face. The combination of sensations caused him to groan loudly. He pushed his cock deep into Becky's mouth and then pulled it out. No sooner had his dick pulled out of Becky's mouth than Cheryl grabbed it and shoved it into her mouth. He felt her suck his cock as she used her tongue to increase his pleasure. Then she grabbed his dick and shoved it back into Becky's mouth. Jimmy watched in amazement as the two women worked together to give him pleasure.
Suddenly, Jimmy felt another sensation, something he had never felt Becky do before. Cheryl was licking his asshole! His shout of surprise morphed into a groan of pleasure as he enjoyed the double stimulation. And then he experienced still another surprise.
A man from the other building had called out for a woman to join him in watching the show. Jimmy looked over at them and watched as the woman joined the man. The two of them leaned against the railing of their balcony and watched the performance on Jimmy's balcony. He quietly warned his friends of their audience. Cheryl spoke, her voice muffled by his ass.
"See? There is always someone who can use a little excitement." And she went back to licking his asshole.
Jimmy watched the couple in the other balcony for a few seconds. And he was surprised to see them begin to play with each other's bodies as they watched him and his three friends enjoy their activities. It didn't take long for the other woman to drop to her knees and pull out her lover's cock. Since their balcony was one floor down and two apartments over, they were close enough for Jimmy to see everything. The excitement of being watched coupled with the excitement of two mouths attached to his dick and balls was bringing Jimmy close to orgasm. He looked at Spencer and pointed to the other balcony. Spencer looked over and waved at the other couple while still fucking Becky. And the six of them enjoyed themselves for another couple of minutes.
Jimmy looked down at the smiling face of his lover for a few seconds, warning her that he was going to cum fairly soon. When he looked back over at the other couple, she saw that they had stripped and were fucking. They were facing his balcony so he could see her large tits bouncing from his actions. Jimmy watched them for a minute, really enjoying the situation. He was both voyeur and exhibitionist, a new experience for him and one he was discovering that he liked very much. And then the enjoyment became too much.
Jimmy shouted his release and shot a huge load into Becky's mouth. There was so much cum that it overflowed her mouth and oozed into Cheryl's mouth, who had been waiting for this to happen. He watched the two women share his cum for a few seconds, and then Spencer roared. He slammed into Becky's pussy really hard, several times. And then he went silent and still as he draped himself over her back.
From the other building, he could hear applause for a few seconds and then, as he watched, the woman shouted and then the man shouted, signaling that he had cum and maybe that she had cum, also.
Silence settled over the two balconies for a couple of seconds and then Jimmy heard cheers and applause. Apparently other people had witnessed the sexual activities from the two balconies and enjoyed it. He heard Becky laugh and she looked up at him, cum coating her face. Jimmy looked over at Spencer as the man straightened up and looked over at the balconies on the other building. Then the four of them relaxed, almost sliding off each other from the sweat and the cum. They sat on the blanket and grinned at each other. Then Becky surprised him.
"Becky and Jimmy in 1907. Drinks and snacks available." Jimmy looked down at her, almost in shock, and Becky giggled.