We got into our taxi, our driver already knew our destination, we sat in the back seat, and promptly fell asleep... the day of traveling and playing caught up to us. We awoke when our driver purposely coughed, meaning we were close to our beach house.
We pulled up to our home for the next week, it was everything the pictures on the internet showed it would be. Nothing big, rather lovely and quaint, full of character, colourful, lots of windows and right on the Pacific Ocean. We had self check in so we got in right away. The moment we stepped in, we saw the views of the beach and ocean and it was incredible. The home faced West, and had huge windows to the West with a big covered sitting area out front, along with an outdoor shower, followed with an incredible white sandy beach and you could hear the waves from inside the house. Simply beautiful, and all ours for the next week (and whoever we invited on of course). Our bedroom was upstairs, the stairs were outside, meaning our bedroom had it's own separate entrance. We took our bags out through the front, that smell of the ocean, the sounds of the waves, and that sun...we were in heaven. We ran up the stairs, there, we had a balcony overlooking the ocean "I want you to fuck me up here looking out over the ocean at some point in the next week!" I said to Joe.
"You got it" he replied, "But let's check out our room". We unlocked the bedroom, again huge windows facing west, a gorgeous king size bed, and the back wall had open shelves for clothes and so forth, and a small bathroom. We loved it all. We threw our bags on the shelving, and without a second thought I took off my dress, and was naked.. I planned on staying this way as much as possible! Joe laughed "This, by far, is your best outfit!".
He took off his shirt, but kept his pants on. We headed back out on the balcony and just took in the view for a bit, then made our way back down.
Water does something for me, it pulls me in each time. So as we made our way back down, I sauntered down, the sand was nice and warm under my feet, so fine, so good. Joe just stood back and watched me, he knows how much the water attracts me and loves seeing me take that initial walk to the ocean...it probably doesn't hurt that I am naked. The soft dry sand turns into wet, more packed sand. I stop just at the part where the waves reach the last bits of sand, and wait for the next wave to reach for me and splash over my toes. It does, I take a deep breath in, stretch my whole body up, arms and hands way up, catching all the sun rays over my entire body. I'm home.
I take another step into the ocean, just ankle deep, the water is warm, so clear, and splashes up my shins with each wave. I get giddy like a schoolgirl and kick and splash the water, and proceed to walk the beach a bit, I'm in my own world. After a few minutes I realize I should look around a bit better, look up, and see a few other people on the beach. I smile, it's perfect really, all adults, no huge crowds, rather just a few handfuls of people. I turn around and make my way back to our place, knowing I have some eyes following me.
I get back to our house, Joe must be inside, I step into the house and call "Joe? Honey? I want you to fuck me doggy style on the beach at sunset, so we can see the sunset as we cum". I should have looked up before calling.
Joe was standing in our little house with another guy "Hi Hun, this is Chris, he just wanted to check in to see how we like the place, and if we needed anything" Joe said grinning broadly.
Oh shit, oops, that's our host and owns this little piece of heaven, and here I am totally naked and calling Joe to fuck me at sunset, I think I just got turned on even more! "Hi Chris, I'm Nat, we've messaged back and forth a bit, nice to put a face to the name." I don't apologize nor try to cover up, why should I. He'll be seeing me and Joe naked a ton more if he lives around here, and he'll see us fucking, hell, maybe he'll even join in the fucking, I certainly wouldn't mind and Joe would love it as well.
Chris is taken aback a bit, and can't help but take me all in, out of the corner of my eye I can see Joe grinning ear to ear, he loves this. "Hi, uhm, yeah, nice to meet you too and so good to put a body, shit, I mean, face to the name on my end too" Chris replied as he shook my hand, " I see you feel right at home already, and made friends with the ocean, that's awesome" he said with a smile.
"We love it already" both Joe and I said almost in sync.
"Chris was just telling me about some great restaurants and bars just a couple of blocks over." Joe said.
"Yeah, I was gonna ask you guys if you wanted to grab a drink, but yeah... I have a feeling you may pass" Chris replied.
"Well if I am going to have to pick which offer to take, you can see for yourself Chris, I think you know which one I am going to go with" Joe said laughingly, as he grabs me closer to him.
"Definitely do see, no contest there." Chris said with a more serious but tantalizing tone.
"Why, thank you" I said and gave him a twirl to show off my body
"Do you live around here Chris?" I asked. I wanted to try to continue the conversation a bit more, as Chris was showing some interest.
"I, uh, yeah, I'm just in the house next door actually, I first bought this property, and it came with an empty lot beside it, and eventually built my place and now rent this place out".
"You'll have to watch the sunset tonight as well" replied Joe, "I can't wait to see it, I bet they are amazing!" he added tauntingly while rubbing my ass.
"Well, I think I will tonight, just heard that tonight it was going to be awesome" said Chris.
There it was!! I snuck a peek at his crotch, it was swollen, he was in, fuck yes! "Maybe tomorrow night, you'll join us and we can watch it together, we can grab a few drinks before hand." Joe suggested.
Well played Joe, well played! "Oh I could be up for that" Chris said, his voice cracking as he spoke.
"Well, we would really want you to be up" I said coyly, gazed at Joe and kissed him, he rubbed my ass a little harder, squeezed my breast and ground his crotch against my hip.
Chris rubbed his face with his hand, licked his upper lip "I'll definitely will be up! I'll pop by late afternoon tomorrow and we can walk down to a cool little bar I know well" he said.
"Great plan, enjoy the sunset tonight!" Joe said, while pulling me in front of him, both of us facing Chris, Joe's hand going down to my wet pussy.
"Yes, do watch the sunset tonight Chris" I said with every sexual innuendo I could.
"Looking forward to taking it all in" Chris said as he walked out.
Joe dipped 2 of his fingers into my pussy, "Oh, you are excited!"
As he swirls his fingers deep in my pussy. His other hand guides my hip to make me turn around to face him. We kiss, as he keeps fingering me. His mouth makes his way down my neck, and to my breasts. He toys with each nipple for a bit, and then makes his way down. Letting his mouth meet up with his hand, I spread my legs wider and slightly bend my knees. He licks my pussy lips searching out my clit. At that point our door opens. Chris is back. Joe takes is mouth off my pussy, his fingers stay and keep swirling inside my pussy. We both look at Chris. "Oh shit, sorry, I, uh, sorry, I was gonna grab some stuff from the grocery store and thought I would offer to grab you guys some things as well. I, uhhh, well, you're busy, I guess, Uhm see you tomorrow." Chris manages to ramble from his mouth.
I toss my head back and smile at Chris, Joe replies "No worries man, just enjoying a juicy appetizer at the moment, she's delicious."
"Thanks Babe, got a little extra juicy for some reason." I say directly looking at Chris.
"Yeah, uhhh, looks good, I should go!" Chris said flustered.
"Hey Chris" Joe says, stopping him, as he starts to thrust his fingers in and out of my pussy, still kneeling in front of me.
Chris turns back around, staring at Joe's fingers and my pussy "Yeah?" he replies with a hint of hunger.
"Would love it if you grab us a couple of things, don't think we'll make it to a store tonight. Looking forward to you joining us tomorrow night man." Joe tells him and then returns his mouth to my clit as Chris continues to stare a bit longer. I moan.
Chris makes eye contact with me, I smile "Can't wait, should be a phenomenal time" I say and I reach for the back of Joe's head, push ot into my pussy a bit further, and enjoy my ride on his tongue and fingers.
"Uh, yeah, Uhm great, yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna just go grab those things, and..." Chris paused, takes a deep breath summoning all his courage and says "Fuck, you two are fuckin hot, I think I'm gonna like you as my neighbour for the next week. It's looking like my prick is going to get a good workout as well!" and quickly leaves.
Joe takes his mouth off my clit, looks up at me "Hun, I hope you don't mind, I invited a friend over for a play tomorrow night!".
I push his head back into my pussy "Eat me!" I reply. He found my clit again and sucked it hard, while adding a third finger to my pussy, thrusting them in and out. I push my hips forward pushing my pussy into his face, and add pressure to the back of his head with my hand. I am fully enjoying this incredible ride, Joe sucking at my clit, finger fucking my pussy 3 fingers deep, and then Chris, I bet he will be needing to jerk off before going to the grocery store.
Joe continues to give my clit a good work out and fuck.. his fingers were hitting all the right places inside of me. My juices were flowing, I could feel the tinglings of an amazing orgasm from the backs of my knees and growing upwards. "Fuck Joe, I'm so close, God I hope you're thirsty!" I moan.
I grind my pussy on his fingers and mouth. Joe gives me one more finger and continues thrusting hard with all 4 fingers now, while going nuts on my clit. Goddamnit this is the stuff you read and dream about. "Shit Joe, shit, it's gonna be so wet!!" I gasp.
Joe takes his fingers out of my pussy, takes hold of my ass with both hands squeezing my butt hard and moves his mouth down over my pussy. Fuck, the man is going to lap up all my cum!
"Oh, fuck, it's here, oh fuck, oh fuck!" I moan, barely managing to keep upright.
"Joeeeee!!" I scream, I'm cumming, I thrust my crotch onto his face, he is holding on tight to my ass cheeks, I shove his head hard against my pussy with both my hands. I know I am squirting and have juices flowing out of me, but Joe manages to drink it all up, not spilling a drop, while I'm thrusting through my orgasm. It's one hell of a ride to say the least. Joe keeps his face deeply burried in my crotch and rides out all the waves with me, I am moaning, blithering words out that are barely understandable, it was a hell of a fucking orgasm!
As the waves subside and I can start to catch my breath, Joe slowly takes his mouth off my pussy "Wow Babe, you are something else, so much cum, such a gorgeous orgasm, you are fucking incredible!" he says looking up at me and faling back to sitting on the floor while wiping his face with the back of his hand.
I sink down, and sit on his lap, and kiss him long, deep and hard. He kisses me right back with equal need and force. We break our mouths apart and pry our tongues away from each other. "You bring out all the good stuff in me." I reply and smile.
"You think maybe Chris helped a bit?" he asked.
"Hmmm, he certainly aided it all without a doubt, but you managed to taunt and and flaunt so well."
I answered, "Now, I do believe I am sitting on something rather hard, perhaps Chris had something to do with that as well!" I added, as I sat up on my knees and reached down with one hand and got his rock hard cock out from his pants.
Joe laughed sexily "Ahh, yes, I loved your confidence as you walked into the house naked, and not covering up, I loved showing you off, I really fucking loved it when he walked back in and saw me fingering and eating you. It was all so fucking hot."
I eased my pussy down on his hard beautiful cock that was poking through his pants. Joe moaned, laid down on the floor and arched up to get in deep. "I'm going stay up a bit higher Babe, you fuck me as hard as you want, fuck me as hard and much as you want Chris to join us tomorrow, then cum deep inside, while I grind and squeeze every last bit of cum out of your dick with my pussy!" I urged.
Joe grabbed my hips and started to thrust hard from under me, banging my pussy hard as I held on with one hand on the counter and the other grasping a chair close by, hanging on for dear life. Oh, he was on a mission, absolutely banging me with all his might, his upward thrusts almost throwing me off if it wasn't for the kitchen counter and chair. Joe was incoherent, lost in his own world of getting his rocks off. I merely supplied the pussy at this moment, or really a hole, as I am sure he didn't give a fuck as to what or whose hole he was fucking at the moment. I wondered what visions were dancing in his head at the moment, or were there any? He fucked, he banged, he drove his cock deep into my pussy, and would recede only leaving the head in, and right back up, oh he fucked like his life depended on it. Then it started...
"Ahh damn Babe, holy fuck...you better hang on" he growled.
"Fuck"
"Oh shit, yes!"
"Oh, fuck, it's here!"
"Naaaaattt" he yelled.
He drove up his cock so hard, I pressed back down with equal pressure. Only his shoulders calves and feet were his body parts still making a connection with the floor. I could feel his first stream of cum jolting out of his cock high up in my pussy. Joe gave another big thrust, more cum, and again, and again giving me atleast 6-8 hard long deep pumps, each filling my pussy with more cum. It was so fucking good, so hard, so raw, yet still so incredibly sexy and sensual...like the most dire need that just got fulfilled and satisfied.
Joe finally relaxed and sunk back to the floor and was panting. "Holy fuck, wow!!" he huffed.
"Hmmm, loved every moment of it" I replied, leaning forward resting my head on his chest, his cock still in me and slowly getting soft.
We stayed like that on the floor, for a while, relishing in our after orgasm satisfaction. No words were needed, just holding each other, hands rubbing each other down. I could feel his cum starting to ooze out of me, past his soft cock and down on his pants. "Hmmm, I think we just created our first laundry." I said quietly in his ear.
"Hmmm, yes, let's get these off, I am highly over dressed for this holiday at the moment" he laughed.
We pried ourselves apart and off the floor. We looked down on his pants, he had a huge wet cum stain all around his soft dick. It was really rather a most beautiful and satisfying look. He got out of those pants, and tossed them by the door to go out and upstairs. As we came to our senses and looked beyond each other, we noticed a couple of bags on the kitchen table... and a note: "Nice guys, so hot. Food is on the table, beer in the fridge, looks like you'll need it. See you tomorrow. - Chris" followed with a "Ps... If this is prelude to what we'll be doing tomorrow....holy fuck yes."
"Looks like he'll be ready to play" Joe says.
"Wonder who he'll make a move on first" I reply.
With that we look in the fridge, grab 2 beers, crack them and make our way outside. Outside we take 2 loungers out from under the covered deck, and roll them out onto the sand and in the sun. It's 16:00, the sun is still giving off some nice warm rays. we lay on our loungers, naked, tap our beers "Cheers" we both say.
The beer tastes so good. We take in our views, it's truly breathtaking. The white soft sand, the palm trees, waves crashing onto the beach, seagulls and pelicans swimming and flying. A bit further out sailboats moored for the evening. On the beach, people still lazing in the sun, some playing in the ocean. I scan the beach a bit more, close to home, a few people have noticed us here. Some look away when they see my head turned towards them, some pretend to look beyond us, except for one person...Chris. He's also sitting on a beach chair, with a beer in his hand. I smile at him and tap Joe's shoulder "Wave and say hi to Chris" as I keep eye contact with Chris.
We both look his way, lift up our beers in his direction, he lifts his. Chris keeps eye contact with us as he sips the last of his beer. He stands up, as he does, we both immediately notice. Chris has his cock out of his shorts, and has his one hand on it, stroking. He gives us a good look for a few seconds, and makes his way back into his place "Gotta get some things out of the way before I watch that sun set in a couple of hours." he calls over at us!
We both nod, and take another sip of our beers. We take our gazes back to the ocean, and get mesmerized by the waves. We sink into our chairs, so content, so satisfied, letting the sun reach every inch of our bodies. I love spreading my legs just a bit in times like this, letting those warm sunrays hit my pussy, sending that warmth right up inside. We stay exactly like this, finish our beers, Joe gets up, goes in to grab a couple more, and brings back some snacks Chris has left for us. Life is good people, life is good.
Before cracking our next beer, and diving into our snacks, the ocean beckons us. We both get up and make our way to the water, letting our feet sink further into the wet sand with each wave that hits them. Purposely staying just on the edges of the waves, giving on lookers a good view that we pretend to not notice. We hold hands, we laugh, we splash each other, we hug, kiss...we frollick... there really isn't another word that describes it more perfectly. Finally we make our way into the ocean, with each wave that hits us, we laugh and feel the water higher up on our bodies. The water is warm, so clear, the sun still shining, it was glorious, refreshing and freeing. Those of you who have never swam naked in the ocean with your partner...highly, highly recommend it! We dove through the waves, we floated, we swam, and laughed and stayed like that for the next hour or so before making our way back to our chairs. I ran back into the house, exchanging our somewhat warmed beers for cold ones. We sit back, crack our beers, and proceed to dive into our snacks. Cheese, crackers, fresh fruits and veggies, we had a lovely snack feast. "So what are some of your biggest wants & wishes while here Babe?" I ask Joe.
"Well...", he replies "At some point, I really want to see you with another woman, and get fisted by her. I want to fist you myself so badly, but think we should start with a woman's hand first, mine are so much bigger, plus I fuckin love watching you play with another woman."
"Hmmmm, yes" I reply "I would love that full sensation, what else would you like to do?" I ask.
"I want to see you take a dick up your ass, something else, something big, stuffed up your pussy, maybe another dick, I'm not sure of that part yet, while I fuck your mouth." he tells me.
"Oh fuck yes, something like our Belize trip, at that little bar" I remember back.
"Yes, like that, but this time I want my dick in your mouth, I want to see the fucking." he also is replaying that hot scene in his mind. "I also want to inconspicuously but conspicuously fuck you on that pier over there, when there are lots of people around. Chris was telling me it's a popular place where loads of people go for a stroll"
"Your wishes will become my missions to accomplish" I tell him grinning.
"You... want do you want out of this trip?" it was his turn to ask, and my turn to share.
"I've been thinking about that." I say, "I bought a brand new glorious strap on, one that comes with a few sizes of dicks. Some that I know you can handle, but I want to fuck you with a bigger size, and stretch you out."
"Sneaky lady" he grins "Hope you brought good lube!"
"I also want to watch you hit up a guy, go down on him, and then let him fuck you" I go on "I want to watch it all go down, the guy can know I am watching, I don't care. After he's cum in your ass, and cum spilling out of your ass. I want you to fuck me up my ass and cum in there, while the guy watches us."
"Deal" he says "Anything else?"
"I want is each of us, at different times, really masturbate in public. All the toys, fill our holes, and cum hard. while the other watches closely, but not to close..so others can clearly see as well. After you cum, I clean you all up with my mouth, and you do the same for me...in public." I tell him.
"Oh, I fucking love that." he says, as his cock gives a little twitch.
"With that strap on you bought..." Joe starts.
"Yes, it's a good one." I tell him "I'm excited about it"
"That woman that I want to fist you, I want you to use it with her, I want you to fuck both her holes, while she sucks me off" he says, "Now, that you've told me about it, that's one image that is sitting in my mind"
"I love that idea" I tell him.
We play off of each other like this, either expanding on our wishes, or coming up with new ones. Drinking our beers, eating our snacks, and getting ourselves into some hot frenzies. Meanwhile the sun is slowly sliding down from the sky and sinking towards the ocean more and more. Joe gets up to go grab a couple more beers, as he stands up, so does his cock. I give it a little rub. "Good timing" I smile.
Joe comes back with 2 cold beers, he comes up behind my lounger and holds the cold beers against each side of my neck. I gasp for a minute, but the cool condensation feels good after the initial shock. He slides the beers down my neck and onto my chest. I take each of my breasts into my hands and squeeze them around the cold beers. He slides the beers back and forth in the tunnel I created. Titty fucking me with the beers for a while. I moan and arch up. He slides the beers out, smiles at me, and sits back down in his lounger after sliding it over right next to mine. We sit back and crack our beers and take a sip. I take a leisure hold of his cock and stroke it, linger at his balls and roll them in my hand. It's his turn to moan. "Do you think Chris is up there?" I ask Joe quietly.
"I fucking hope he is" he replies.
We kiss. He breaks away, and lowers the backs of our loungers, creating a nice flat bed for us to have a great time on. I tease my pussy a bit, sliding 2 fingers back and forth between the inner lips of my pussy and over my clit. Joe watches for a bit, before joining in, also sliding 2 of his fingers alongside mine. He proceeds to intertwine his fingers with mine and then plunges our fingers into my pussy. "Oh, fuuuck, hmmmm" I moan.
We don't go hard, just slow, deep, swirly plunges. It felt so dreamy good. we're making me purr like a kitten. "Play with your clit Babe, I know you want to." Joe whispers in my ear.
Damn right I do, I reach my other hand down, spread my legs a little further, and seek out my clit. I buck a little when I find it. I roll it, slowly, rub it slowly, and tease and torment it slowly. I can gradually feel an orgasm start to grow deep within me. "Are you getting there?" Joe asks gingerly.
"Yes, yeah I am, but don't speed up, let it come." i tell him.
"Oh honey," he replies "You are totally setting the speed here, I'm just along for the ride. Want another finger?" he asks with the most sincere and caring voice.
"Hmm, yes, Yes I think I do, no more speed though, this is just too good." I reply.
With that, Joe wraps a third finger around my two on the next up stroke. I am so wet and accomodate the extra finger. The thought of 2 of my own fingers and three of his sliding in and out of my pussy while I gently play with my clit is feeling amazing. Part of me wants to rush and go faster and bring that orgasm to the surface, more of me knows to wait it out and keep the leisure pace, and the orgasm will come roaring up and be quite intense.
"I think i heard our neighbour," Joe smiles "I guess the sun will be setting soon."
"Oh God" I moan
I can feel that orgasm growing within me. I start to thrust my hips in time with our fingers delving deep. While our fingers are burried deep, Joe unclenches his fingers from mine and finds my g-spot. "Keep going" he encourages me.
I keep plunging my fingers on, and play with my clit, while his fingers are smoothing over my g-spot. My orgasm grabs a hold of me, hard and fast.
"Jooeee, oh Joooee!!" I moan.
My orgasm hit me from so deep, and so hard. I buck my hips way up and clench my pussy right up, locking our fingers in. My other fingers keep going on my clit. There it is, my orgasm, And I squirt, I squirt a few long streams up. "Oh, I bet he can see them from his place!" Joe murmurs.
I stay clenched and up in the air for a solid minute, moaning. Letting wave after wave hit me, letting it wash throughout my body and sending all the nerves within me tantalizing vibes. As I ease back down, I tilt my hips away from Joe a bit, his fingers and mine still in me. His other hand starts to rub my ass. "So hot Babe, so hot, you're so gorgeous when you cum!"
Slowly we ease our fingers out of my pussy as Joe continues rubbing my ass, gently pushing me right over. I'm now face down on the lounger. "Hmmm, I'm not facing the ocean nor the sunset" I say.
Joe lifts his hands off my ass, I get up on my hands and knees and proceed to face to ocean and sunset. while I do, I quickly sneak a peek and look for our neighbour. He's there, he's watching. Joe sees what I did, "Arch your back down low Babe. Give him a good look. And by the way, I think we've got a couple of other spectators down a bit."
I bring my ass and pussy high up in the air, and arch, on my elbows. Joe rubs my ass, slides over my butthole, lingers there for a bit, teasing it, then goes lower. He slides his three fingers back in my pussy, I slide back meeting his thrust, exposing myself even more. "Fuck you're beautiful Babe" Joe exclaims.
Joe has three fingers in me, and is stroking his cock with his other hands. Slowly he gets up, moves behind me, takes his fingers out of my pussy and replaces them with his cock. "Ahhhhh, yes!" Joe moans ""Stay like this Babe, ass high shoulders low, I love this view of you like this position."
He starts to pump his cock into me, I reach between my legs and find my clit. Again we aren't going fast, we are both fully enjoying all the sensations. His hands are running up and down my back, over my shoulders, down my sides as he continues to pump. His cock reaching nice and deep in this position, and hitting my g-spot at a delicious angle with each pump. "Holy shit Nat, absolutely gorgeous." he murmurs.
"So fuckin good, so deliciously good" I moan.
His hands are on my ass again, slowly squeezing my butt cheeks. His thumbs closing in on my butthole. I know where this is headed, and the anticipation is incredible. His thumbs meet up over my butthole, he adds pressure to them, as his cock is diving deep down into my pussy. "Yes, Babe, put them up my ass" I moan.
Joe does, I have my fingers on my clit, his cock in my pussy, and his thumbs up my ass, it's fuckin fantastic. "Babe, I can feel my orgasm bubbling up" Joe moans as he speeds up a bit.
Joe is pumping harder and wants to get deeper inside of me. He brings one foot forward beside my knee. The new angle is amazing, and I can hear Joe moaning. I realize that in this position the other couple watching is from the beach can really get a good view of his cock sliding in and out of me. That sends all the right tingles to the right places for me. "Fuck me Babe, fucking fuck me." I moan.
Joe lets out a grunt, and buries his cock deep deep inside my pussy, almost making me fall forward. As I gain my balance and accomodate him, I feel a new angle. Joe is now on both his feet, I love this postion. I angle my ass up even more, and keep it up high, while trying to bring the rest of my body down. Joe is now pounding me on a downward angle. He speeds up for a bit, pounding me hard. "Fuck, I love your cock" I am almost grunting now and so close to another incredible orgasm.
Joe slows right down, but with each downward stroke he pushes even deeper, and grinds into me. This is going to be a good orgasm for Joe. He pulls almost all of the way out before going right deep again, and grinding his cock in me as far down as he can possibly take it. He's close, and that grinding feels fucking amazing.
"Fuck Nat, holy shit, fuck" he inhales deeply before plunging deep back down in my pussy.
"Ahhh, fuuuuckkkkkk"
"Naaaaaattt" he grunts loud, so loud.
He jerks, and twitches and then starts to pound hard, fast and furiously, my pussy is taking him in, and I am now joining him in the grunts. "Fuck me Joe, give me your cum" I hiss, and grunt.
We both explode, we both grunt, groan and moan, and we cum, and keep cumming. We are frozen in our position, my ass high up on the air, Joe almost leaning his full body weight one me. To our onlookers we must look uncomfortable as fuck, but we're not feeling anything except waves of yet another orgasm washing over us.
After some time, we come down from those waves, and slide down onto the loungers. We lay side by side, panting, and completely spent. We notice the stars popping up on the night sky. i guess the sun has set, I assume it must have been a spectacular sunset. Over to the left and behind us, we can hear some muffled sounds along with a low murmured "Fuucckkk", our eyes follow the direction of the sound, it's Chris.
His face looking somewhat distorted but familiar, all the signs of a man in orgasm. We continue to watch him, wishing we could see his hands on his cock and cum squirting. Chris opens his eyes and sees us watching him, we raise our beers to him, he raises his hand, it's glistening wet with his jizz. "Tomorrow Chris" Joe calls out, "Tomorrow night, yours won't be the only cum on that hand!"
"Envisioning it all already, thanks for the show, one hell of a good show" Chris calls back out to us.