I had just moved into my new condo, and was working on my yard. Each unit had a decent sized backyard, with a fence between each neighbors. All of the condos on where I was, faced the water, so part of the fence in between was full height, the rest was partial, as to not block the view. It offered a certain amount of privacy, but not entirely. But really, there isn't much privacy when you're wall to wall with your neighbor.
The yard of my condo was unfinished, so I wanted to give some landscaping, and moving into my unit in the springtime offered the perfect opportunity for some yard work. As I weeded and cleaned up the yard, I heard a faint noise. I must have imagined it, and so I continued vigorously working, pulling weeds, sweat forming on my face and body. As I continued, I heard it again. An unmistakable whimper of some sort - maybe an animal. I paused from my weeding to listen carefully - and heard it again, this time louder. It was definitely coming from the neighbor's yard, an animal in distress.
I walked over quietly, so as to not scare the creature, and peaked over the half fence. To my surprise there was no animal crying, but instead my neighbor, bottomless, rubbing herself in the sun. She hadn't seen me, so I quickly and quietly stepped back and moved to the full height fence portion. Since it is an older condo, the fence was older too, forming wide gaps between each post, allowing me a view, while still remaining concealed.
She was beautiful. She was the girl next store, mixed with the easy going free spirit. Brunette, with glasses, petite, but with beautiful round and perky breasts. Her nipples were hard and erect, as she continued to play with herself and moaning, even louder than before. She was playing with her clit, which offered her a great deal of pleasure. She rubber herself more, I could see her pelvis sinking into the chair and rising with each pass. Her chest heaving up and down, a little sweat glistening on her chest. Her pussy, shaved was warm in the spring sun.
Then, I saw her bring her finger from her clit, up to her mouth, where she sucked on her fingers. As she did this, I felt my cock grow harder than it already was. Pushing at and filling my shorts, to an uncomfortable state. I carefully and quietly undid my shorts, and let my cock out, feeling the sunshine penetrate my hard shaft. As I did this, she was already moving her hand down to her pussy, and had spread her legs out, allowing a perfect view of her shaved pussy. It was out, pulsing in the sun, ready to take her fingers. I watched as she ever so slowly, like she was teasing herself and me, slid two fingers inside of herself, and let out a low moan as if it was the first time she had something inside of her in months. My cock was stiff, my head was throbbing watching and she started to finger herself. I couldn't stop myself from starting to stroke my cock, imagining it was her fingers, finding it's way deep inside her pussy.
As she continued to finger herself, I continued to rub my hard cock. As she fingered faster, I rubbed harder, and placed my other hand on the fence for support. I was keeping quiet, but she wasn't. She moaned and pulsated her body, and I could tell she was getting closer. Just at that moment though, the fence, as I mentioned, it was old, gave way a bit, creating a noise and motion.Fuck fuck fuck.I thought. I pulled away from the fence, cock still in hand, she had stopped and was looking at the fence.
"Is there someone on the other side of the fence??" She said as she started to get up and walk over.
I figured it was best to beg for forgiveness, besides, what did she expect doing that outside?
"If there is someone there, you better come out."
So, I put my cock away, still hard despite the commotion, and introduced myself.
"Well it's nice to meet you," she said with a smile, "Are you just going to stand there with your cock in your pants, or are you going to come and fuck me?"
My shorts grew uncomfortably tight again. She went back to her chair, but this time, faced the chair, draping her arms over the back, knees on the seat, ass ready for me to be inside her.
She looked back and me and said, "Either hole...you pick. You can have both if you want too."
Her ass was as impeccable as her breasts. Tight and round, begging for my large cock to squeeze inside. As I approached, her lips were swollen, sticking out between her legs. I came up, and slapped her pussy, as she moaned a little.
"You need to do a lot more than that if you want to make me scream."
I slapped her lips and asshole again, much harder and said, "Don't worry, you'll scream when I stretch out that little tight pussy of yours."
I could see how wet her pussy had become, anticipating, yearning for my cock inside her. But she didn't get it quite yet. I told her to turn around and get down lower so I could put my cock in her mouth. She followed my instructions, looking up at my with hunger as she took my cock in her mouth. It barely fit inside her sweet small mouth, but she took the whole thing all the way down her throat, and continued to take it as I fucked her mouth and throat. She gagged a little, her throat tightening on my cock. I went to pull away, but then she grabbed my cock and started sucking on my balls while she stroked my cock. She took my hand and moved it towards her pussy and in a breath said, "Feel how wet you make me. Feel how much I want you inside me."
I told her to turn over, and before she could get ready, I was already balls deep inside her. She whimpered a little, feeling my cock stretching her out, bottoming out in the back of her tight small pussy. She moved her ass up more, trying to get me in deeper as I grabbed her hair pulling her towards me, arching her back. Then I thrusted my cock in and out of her, fucking her harder and deeper. She screamed, and I moved my hand into her mouth, sticking my whole hand as much as I could inside and down her throat, and her pussy got even more wet.
"Are you going to be quiet girl?" I asked.
She shook her head yes, and I trusted inside her deeper and harder than I had been to check if she was telling the truth. She let out a gentle moan of pleasure.
I removed my hand, and she said, "I want both holes at the same time," as she motioned to the table where a big thick dildo was sitting.
I handed her the dildo to suck on and get wet, while I continued to fuck her, and then stuck my fingers between her cheeks. It was so tight, tighter than her pussy. She handed me the dildo, and I removed my cock from her pussy, replacing it with the dildo and began to fuck her. "Both please, both holes please," she begged. I took my cock, and placed the tip at her asshole, she moaned, thrusting her ass towards me. Then I started to put it in, it was so tight, it felt like it wouldn't go, but she trusted her ass towards me , and then I started to get inside. I spit on my cock, as I worked it in deeper and deeper into her ass, meanwhile fucking her with the dildo.
"More, more, more!" She moaned, so I took the last push, and inserted deep inside her ass. And then I fucked her. I could feel the dildo on the other side rubbing against my cock. I moved them in unison, so that she was always stretched at max capacity. She moaned and screamed, and at this point, I didn't care how loud we were, I just continued to fuck her, harder and deeper. But I felt I needed to fill all of her holes, so I reached around and put my hand in her mouth again. She gagged a little and her ass tightened around my cock. I could tell she was getting close to cumming, the hand in her mouth had put her on the edge. I drove everything deeper, and fucked faster, she received, pushing her ass up against my cock to get it as deep as possible.
"Oh my gooood!" she mumbled, "Aa...gonna...cummm.," is what I discerned from her hand filled mouth, as I felt her ass tighten even more and her body convulse. I removed my hand from her mouth, and she screamed, "OOoOOhhh my gooood!! I'm cumming...I'm cumming..ooooooohhhhh" I fucked her even hard making her scream - and as she came, I took out the dildo, so I could finger her and feel her juices all over my fingers. I continued to fuck her in the ass, my cock as stiff as it could be, my head plunging deep inside her ass. Fucking harder and stronger than before, until I felt my cock ready to burst, and then pulled out and told her to turn around, so I could cum all over her. I exploded shooting my cum all over her face and breasts. She opened her mouth and I shot more inside her mouth, it the remaining, dripped down her beautiful body, down to her pussy where she rubbed it into her clit and moaned.
She took my cock, still hard, in her mouth and cleaned it off. She looked up at me and smiled and said, "Whatever happened to asking for a cup of sugar first?"