My husband, Dennis, introduced our last story that he had me tell since it was my adventure. Our current story is his to tell after I introduce more about myself to set the stage.
I discovered my exhibitionist desires and love of sex the summer after graduating from high school before leaving home for college. My then boyfriend and a dozen of his friends planned a beach party for those of us departing for college. I had just graduated with a degree in computing. Eighteen of us showed up for an afternoon and evening of fun, food, and a few illicit drinks. With the guys outnumbering the gals, it promised to be a day of fun for us gals.
As the day progressed and everyone enjoyed the sun, water, and a few beers, interactions between the guys and the girls began to get frisky. At some point, my boyfriend untied my bikini top, and I found myself topless. I thought I would be embarrassed, but I was thrilled much to my surprise. I loved the attention the boys started paying me, and more than a few groped me when we were playing keep away in the surf. My boyfriend was enjoying all the attention my body was receiving from his friends. I found that odd at first, but I put it out of my mind as I discovered how much it turned me on.
Two other girls joined me in removing their tops, and all six of us enjoyed the male attention. We built a bonfire as night fell. Soon someone started the music on the boom box, and we began dancing. Before long, my boyfriend untied my bikini bottoms. Suddenly, I found myself naked and dancing in the firelight.
Someone put on a tape of slow music, and I found myself being passed from boy to boy as the songs changed. I don' t remember exactly when, but at some point the boys lost their swim trunks as well. I loved the feel of their naked bodies against mine, and I quivered at the touch of their erections as they rubbed against my belly and became aroused by the stroking and massaging of my butt as they pulled me tight against them. Before the night was over, I had lost my virginity, including my anal virginity.
I realize some might have awakened the next day feeling ashamed, embarrassed, and regretting their actions. I woke thrilled by the memories of the previous day finding that I was fantasizing about the next opportunity to expose myself and engage in more sexual adventures. Needless to say, I enjoyed my "college career" and was popular on campus.
I found work as an IT professional at a small liberal arts college making good use of my degree. The campus lived up to its liberal reputation and I continued to enjoy my exhibitionist life style and sexual freedom. I enjoyed casual sexual relationships with a variety of faculty and staff including several superiors. Far from experiencing sexual harassment, my encounters were fully consensual.
I was leading a happy and satisfying life when Dennis was hired to replace my former boss who had retired. Dennis is a few years older than me, and he was recently divorced. At first, I did not give him much thought, but the more time I spent with him; the more I began to like him.
That happened because he began inviting me to have lunch together. Before long, I began to experience something beyond "casual." The more time we spent together, the more I thought about what life might be like with a compatible partner. Marriage was never a thought that had crossed my mind, but now I found myself wondering if it was a possibility.
I always dress to show off my breasts, often in tight thin cotton tops with no bra. Dennis noticed me the first day he came to work. I know, because he had difficulty concentrating when being introduced to the staff.
I love it when men are clearly distracted by my hard nipples poking through the thin fabric. I typically wear jeans, as my work often requires me to move equipment and get down on my hands and knees to check cables, power connections, and security cables. When the weather is warm and I know I might be spending time in faculty offices, I wear short skirts. I love the exposure while down on my hands and knees knowing certain professors watching me. I even remove my panties before servicing my favorites.
With that introduction, I will turn the story over to my husband.
************
Several people, including my boss, alerted me to Kathy's love of exhibitionism, and my boss even alluded to the fact that he enjoyed her sexual favors from time to time. Rather than warning myself to be careful, I distinctly understood that my fellow staff enjoyed her sexual freedom (both males and females). Needless to say, I was intrigued. The more time I spent with Kathy, the more I realized how much I enjoyed her company. And besides, she was good looking, and I could not help but enjoy her braless breasts as they strained against her tight tops.
I got the full taste of her behavior on a hot day in August. I accompanied her to a professor's office to help with a nagging computer problem. Apparently he lost Internet connectivity every few weeks necessitating an office visit. Kathy wore a thin white tank top that revealed most of her cleavage, and her nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric. A short, flouncy white pleated skirt and high heel sandals completed her ensemble. Some might describe her as a walking wet dream, and I certainly enjoyed her bouncing tits as we walked across campus. Kathy smiled and laughed at the extent to which her breasts distracted me from the task at hand.
The professor, "Ray," had his own reputation as a horndog with a big cock. The stories I heard spoke of how proud he was of his cock and how he loved to pull it out and stroke it to a full erection for coeds and female staff.
After a brief triage of his possible computing problem, Kathy got down on her hands and knees to check out the cabling running under Ray's desk. Once on the floor, she raised her ass, and her skirt dropped around her waist. She was not wearing panties, and her puffy cunt lips peaked out just below her ass.
She turned her head to talk to Ray and me about what she saw. I suppose she could have backed out and had the same conversation, but she seemed to enjoy the show she was putting on for us. When she did back out, she turned to Ray while remaining on her knees. That is when I noticed that he had unzipped his fly and had his cock in his hand. No one had exaggerated its size. I excused myself by saying that I had to attend to another computing problem. As I closed his office door, I glanced back to see Kathy grasp his cock in her hands as she lowered her lips to its bulbous head.
Kathy and I grew close over the next few months. I finally had the nerve to ask her about Ray. She laughed and explained that he disconnected his data line every few weeks and called her to report the problem. They developed a routine where she would crawl under his desk to find the disconnected cable and she would then "fix his real problem" after plugging the cable in again. Sometimes he got a blowjob and sometimes she got "plugged." I asked her if I should do something to fix the problem permanently, but she said no.
"I love his cock and the sex as much as he does," she explained. "Besides, a coed gets a few days of relief every time he fucks me."
We started eating lunch together and talking about our lives. I came to understand how much she enjoyed exposing herself and how much she enjoyed recreational sex. I explained my feelings of having lost my soul mate in my divorce. I had thought she was the one, but it didn't work out. Monogamy versus promiscuity became a standard topic of conversation as we struggled to understand one another.
One quiet afternoon between academic semesters, we were meeting in my office. Most everyone was on vacation, and we were using the quiet period to catch up on projects. As our work conversation was winding up, Kathy rose and walked to my side of the desk and stepped close to my chair.
" Pull my pants down," she pleaded. "Please pull them down. I want to take our friendship to the next level."
I turned my chair to face her and reach for the snap at her waist. Never taking my eyes from hers, I lowered her zipper and opened the front of her jeans. I slid my hands into the waist of her panties and began sliding my hands downward over her hips and then down her thighs. Kathy hopped onto my desk. I removed her shoes before pulling her jeans and panties off. Smiling at me, she rolled over and lay across my desk. I was looking between her legs at her wet, beautiful pussy and puckered asshole. What else could I do but lean in and begin to lick her sexy privates.
Kathy began to moan and begged me to fuck her.
"I think I am falling in love with you," she panted. "Take me; make me cum."
I said nothing as I inhaled her scent and tasted the nectar flowing from her pussy. She jumped and squirmed when I brushed and probed her anus. When my throbbing erection became uncomfortable, I lowered my pants to free my hard cock. I said nothing as I slid myself into her cunt in one hard thrust.
Kathy exhaled hard and then panted out her assent to my rough invasion of her body. "Yes, fuck me hard. I like it rough."
Kathy squealed when I stuck my thumb in her ass, but she wiggled back against me, forcing my thumb past her sphincter. It had been several months since I had last had sex, and I did not last long. But Kathy was in heat, and she came at the same time I did. I collapsed against her back as my pelvic contractions eased, and I was no longer pumping my sperm into her vagina.
We stayed in that position fully connected while Kathy's cunt held on tightly. Then her body relaxed as my shrinking cock slipped from her cunt. When her breathing slowed, she rolled over.
"I love you," she said as if it were a well-known fact.
All I could do was laugh as I raised her cotton tee to lick and suck her nipples.
"Stop," Kathy pleaded. "It's too much. I need to recover. You gave me such an intense orgasm."
I sat back down into my chair as she sat up. Kathy kept her legs spread wide open while I watched my cum slowly leak out of her pussy.
"No one has ever made me feel like I feel when I am with you," she explained. "I tried to have a monogamous relationship twice before, but a I have a weakness for sex and sexual adventures. I think you are the one I have been looking for, but I cannot promise that I can be faithful."
My head was swimming, but I had fallen for her as well. "We should talk when we are dressed and thinking clearly."
I had already jumped ahead in my mind to living together. How would it work? Could I be comfortable with knowing I shared her body with other men, many of whom I would know? Could she really love me if she wanted to be with other men?
"Look, I know it is a big step," she said. "You don't know how you will respond to my promiscuity. I think I know how to resolve the answer to that question over the next week. Just follow my lead, and you will have your answer."
The next Tuesday, I came in to work to find Joyce, my boss's assistant, sitting at her desk in a trench coat.
"Is it too cold?" I asked.
"No, I have to go leave at 1:00 to pick up the boss, and I thought I would be ready to leave."
"That's nearly three hours. Don't you want to take your coat off?"
"No, I'm okay."
That's when I noticed she was wearing high heels and no hose. The coat, tied at the waist, parted at mid thigh exposing her bare leg. I stopped thinking about what she may or may not be wearing and went into my office. My boss did fuck Kathy on occasion, so maybe he was doing Joyce as well.
Just before noon, Kathy entered the outer office and closed and locked the door behind her. The click of the lock was audible in my office and she had to slam the door a little for it to close while locked.
Kathy did not look at me. Instead, she walked straight to Joyce and stood before her chair. Kathy had on her tiny white shorts, a white tank top, and white high heels that I had not seen before.
She ordered Joyce to stand up. Without breaking eye contact, Kathy untied Joyce's belt and then began undoing the buttons. Joyce stood passively as Kathy slipped the coat off to expose her naked body. She pulled Joyce into a passionate embrace as she parted Joyce's lips with her tongue. Kathy ran her hands down Joyce's chest and grasped her breasts, kneading them softly as she leaned in for another wet kiss.
"Sit on the desk," she commanded. "Spread your legs."
Kathy dropped to her knees and lowered her lips to Joyce's mound. I watched her tongue flick at and tease Joyce's clit. Kathy worked her tongue around Joyce's smoothly shaved mound, darting in and out of the folds of her labia. As Joyce began to push her hips up to meet Kathy's tongue and lips, Kathy drove her tongue into Joyce's vagina. Joyce grabbed Kathy's head and pulled it tight against her groin.
Kathy began licking and thrusting her tongue into Joyce. She drove two fingers, then three into Joyce's vagina.
"Yes, yes, yes! Make me cum, Kathy." Joyce had her thighs locked around Kathy's head and pulled her up as she bucked against Kathy's face.
"Ohhhhhhhhh, fuck." Joyce moaned as she let a long breath escape her lips. Her face and chest were flushed red as she relaxed her legs and allowed Kathy to pull back. Kathy's face glistened from the salvia and the juices that pulsed from Joyce's cunt as she came.
"Are you ready for the airport?" Kathy asked.
"I'm ready for a proper fucking now, you slut."
"Good, because Dennis has a staff meeting this afternoon, and I don't want you back here bothering us."
Joyce pulled some wet wipes from her desk, and I watched Kathy clean her naked body before helping her back into her trench coat. Joyce took a wet wipe and cleaned Kathy's face. Then they kissed softly.
"Good luck," Joyce said as she left the office, taking care to insure the outer door was locked.
Kathy turned and walked to me. "Take my pants down," she said softly as she closed my office door.
I started to remove her high heels and she stopped me. I slipped her shorts and panties over her heels while she peeled off her tank top. She turned and laid across my desk with her legs spread.
"Mark and Steve will be here in a few minutes for the staff meeting," I managed to stammer.
"I know. So get me ready for them," Kathy purred while looking over her shoulder at me.
I could not resist and dropped to my knees to begin licking between her lovely legs.
I was too lost in pleasuring her to hear the knocking on the outer door, but Kathy had been listening. She pushed me back so she could stand.
"I'll get the door." She smiled as she started for the outer door wearing just her high heels.
It was my first time to really study her naked form as she walked away from me. My erection stiffened even more if that were possible. "My god," I thought, "she's going to greet them naked."
And that is what happened. I watched as Kathy opened the door and first hugged Mark. As he overcame his initial shock, he allowed his hands to drop to her butt and squeeze her cheeks as they shared an extended hug and kiss. When Mark released her, Kathy reached for Steve and pulled him into a similar embrace. Steve leaned in and kissed each of her nipples before she pulled loose to close the outer door.
Before either of the men could speak, Kathy informed them that I wanted them to enjoy a reward for good performance and that she had agreed to be the reward.
Kathy led Mark and Steve into my office and closed its door. She motioned for me to sit at my desk. She then moved two side chairs to the front of my desk and motioned for them to sit as she leaned over my desk facing me.
"This is what you wanted me to do for them?" she asked as she gazed into my eyes. "I promise to be very good to them and allow them to use me for their pleasure for the next few hours. That is what you wanted?"
I could only nod my head as I watched her wiggle her ass at the two men as she spread her legs even wider.
"I enjoy two men using me at once. Tell them I am your gift to them."
I looked up at my two staff members and nodded. "You did good work the past few weeks. Use her as you will." I sat back to watch and wonder. I was already hot from watching her pleasure a woman, could I take her pleasuring two men as well?
Mark made the first move, leaning in while taking her cheeks in his hands. He kissed each one lightly and then blew softly across her asshole and cunt. Kathy shivered and moaned softly in response to the gentle stimulation. I watched as she arched her back to raise her butt closer to Mark's lips. He ran a finger through her slit and lightly rubbed some of her moisture on her anus. She pushed back against his finger.
Mark began to run his tongue between her legs, dipping into her vagina as it began to open like a flower. Her labia seemed to thicken and blossom in response to the oral stimulation. Kathy's hips rocked from side to side, and she gripped my hands as her eyelids began fluttering.
Steve asked me to move so he could step in front of her face. He lowered his pants and freed a long, thin, stiff cock that he pushed against her lips. Kathy opened her mouth and slowly sucked him in. He grasped her head and began moving his cock in and out of her mouth as he rocked his hips in time to her writhing in response to Mark's penetration. Ever so slowly, he began pushing deeper into her mouth until he must have entered her throat. Too little of his cock remained exposed for her to grasp it. With the next push, Kathy's nose was buried in his pubic hair.
Mark raised up to lower his own pants. He too was hard, and he moved his stiff cock to her pussy and began rubbing once again. Kathy moaned around Steve's cock and pushed her hips back to meet Mark's cock. He slipped in fully on her third thrust. She released Steve's cock from her mouth long enough to beg them to fuck her hard.
"Be rough. Use me. Make me cum."
I sat back in a chair beside my desk to watch the erotic scene before me. The woman who said she loved me and wanted me had one cock buried in her cunt and a second in her throat. As much as the two men considered themselves to be in charge, it was obvious to me that my girlfriend was fucking them. She thrust back hard to meet Mark's thrusts while she pulled Steve into her face. Her hands grasped his buttocks tightly, and I watched as she sought out his asshole with her index finger. Steve jumped when she found her target, and he started cumming as she tried to work her finger into his butt.
Kathy released his cock as she moaned and held still as he pumped his cum across her face and into her open mouth.
The sight was too much for Mark and he grunted that he was cumming as well. He thrust tight against her bottom as his own ass cheeks clinched and pumped his cum into her. He pulled back and thrust back in time with each ejaculation until he has spent. Mark leaned in and kissed Kathy's back as his shrinking cock slipped from her pussy.
Kathy rolled over onto her back and pulled Steve back to her head. She slowly sucked his balls as his wet cock draped across her face.
She turned her head to look at me and said, "I want both of them to fuck me at the same time."
"Didn't they just do that?"
"No, one fucked me, and I sucked the other off. I want one in my cunt and one in my ass."
Kathy instructed Mark to lie across my desk while she slipped between his legs to take his messy cock into her mouth. Mark's cock began to stir and was soon erect again as she licked and sucked his cock and balls. When he was hard again, she straddled him on the desk and leaned forward.
"Fuck my ass," Kathy said while staring at Steve.
Steve was suddenly hard again much to my surprise. He wiped some of his cum off of Kathy's face, and used it to lube his cock before pushing against her anus. Mark had loosened her sphincter and Steve slipped in with a solid push. Kathy screamed before Mark clasped his hand on her mouth. I started to rise, but Kathy's pain seemed to have passed as she pushed back to drive Steve deeper into her ass.
"Yes, I feel so full. Let me set the pace."
With that, Kathy began slowly rocking back and forth working their cocks in and out of her two holes.
Kathy's breathing sharpened and turned to panting, then grunting. Her eyes glazed over and her face tightened. "Fuck me now." she demanded.
Steve set the pace as he drove into her ass with greater force. He tried to drive her off of Mark's cock, but Mark pulled her back onto himself with equal force.
"Harder," she begged.
"You fucking whore," Steve hissed. "You love us fucking you in front of Dennis."
"Yes, fuck me harder."
"You slut. Have you told him you have fucked almost everyone he knows? Have you told him that you are the campus slut?
Kathy collapsed against Mark's chest as her body trembled, then shook, then settled into a spasmodic twitching.
"Oh. Fuck. "
"Don't stop."
"NO! Oh shit. I'm cumming again!"
Kathy's body jerked and she started shaking. I thought she was distressed, but she began kissing Mark, driving her tongue into his mouth, moaning repeatedly.
Kathy stiffened again. "Oh my God!" she yelled out.
At that moment, Mark and Steve began ejaculating into her. She later said she could feel their cocks swell and spurt at the same time. She was suspended between them, impaled on their pulsating cocks as I looked on.
Eventually, Mark and Steve collapsed and their shrinking cocks slipped out of Kathy's holes.
"I love you Dennis, but you must understand who I am," said Kathy as she reached to stroke my face. "I need sex with multiple partners. I love men lusting after my body. I need the sexual arousal and satisfaction, but I also need a partner. I need you Dennis if you can accept and live with who I am."
Kathy rolled over and began licking Mark clean before doing the same for Steve. She gave me half a smile and then turned to kiss Mark deeply.
"Leave us alone now," she whispered to her two lovers.
Mark and Steve dressed and left us alone. Kathy remained naked, bathed in drying sweat and cum from her two lovers. Damned if I didn't find myself aroused and adoring her slutty appearance. Yes, I could live with her whorish behavior as long as I could share it from time to time. I was already thinking of the excitement of showing her off and exposing her body to strangers.
"Do you need time to think?"
"No. I am incredibly aroused and ready to fuck you myself, only I want to do it in your bed. No, I mean our bed if you are ready. I want to make love with you. I can live with you fucking whoever and whenever you want as long as we share something different and more satisfying. Hell, I'll probably want to share your body with others as well. If you are comfortable being my wife and my whore, I'm willing to give it a chance to work."
I took Kathy in my arms ignoring her filthy state and kissed her deeply. I could smell and taste all three of her afternoon lovers and became even more excited. I looked forward to discovering where our love might lead.