Even though the restaurant was empty I still felt a sense of relief as I slipped into the safety of the semi circular booth, my bare ass sliding on the red leather. Not that I was apprehensive about how I looked, the deep red dress was no more revealing than my other clothes. It was more the image that Nicole and I made. Me in a strapless mini dress with my hair and makeup done. While Nicole went for a more masculine look; dressed in a pinstripe Armine pantsuit with her hair pulled up and minimal makeup.
Anyone who saw us knew we were a couple and that Nicole was the alpha. Everyone would just assume I was a lesbian and even though I have been playing the part of Nicole's submissive girlfriend for several months now I'm still a heterosexual. Its due to Susan's blackmail that I have no choice but to pretend to all the world that I'm a lesbian. Out and proud, or at least what is what everyone thinks.
"Here you two love birds go," stated Alex as she placed the menus before us. "Is there anything else I can get you?"
"Not now, we're good," replied Nicole.
"Let me know if there is anything I can do" offered Alex as she looked at me and winked before she turned to leave.
Blushing, I could only look at the table. Alex had been one of the guests I served at the football party. Dressed as a pro cheerleader I spent the afternoon being eye candy to a group of lesbians and debasing myself by selling chances to win me for a weekend.
"Cheer up puppet," stated Nicole taking my hand in hers. "Are you still nervous about tonight?"
With a fake smile I nodded my reply. As part of my agreement for Nicole to drop Kathy I had promised her my anal virginity. Oddly, in what used to be my very limited knowledge of sexual experiences I had associated anal sex as sex between two men and not something done between two women. Nevertheless I now found myself preparing for such an event. For me it was the final sexual act I had yet to experience and it was going to be with Nicole.
In fact all of my firsts had been with Nicole, marking and end to my sexual development that started the night we met with my first kiss. The only benchmarks that would be left would be doing anything remotely sexual with a boy, something that both Nicole and Susan have strictly forbidden. In fact Nicole has gone to great lengths highlighting that my endeavors count fully and the gender of my partners was meaningless even forbidding me from wearing white so no one would mistake me for a virgin. Given my nerves I could hardly eat when our food arrived, taking the occasional bite and moving the bits around my plate.
"You do not seem interested in lunch," stated Nicole turning away from her meal.
"Sorry mistress," I murmured, "I guess I'm not that hungry."
"Well if you are not going to eat then I think you should entertain me, take off your dress," ordered Nicole.
"Here! Now?" was all I was able to squeak out as I looked into Nicole's eyes. I had seen that look countless times before when she challenged me. Nicole thrived on my nervious exibitionsim seeing me naked in some public place with the rest of the world going about their business was like a drug to her, but for me it was mortifying. Even though I was accustomed to being caressed, kissed and even orally pleasuring other women I still found being naked in public distressing.
Looking around nervously I could see that none of the other patrons had a clear view of me, with only the wife of an older couple visible if I sat in the middle of the booth.
"Yes puppet, here and now," replied Nicole. "Try my patience and you will be walking out of here naked as well."
Knowing that challenging Nicole would only make things worse for me, I hooked my finger in the ring of the zipper hanging between my breasts and began to pull it down. The sharp sound offering an audio signal to what I was doing. As the zipper made it to the bottom of my dress I pulled the two ends apart removing the only clothing that covered my body. Looking up I was rewarded with a smile from Nicole as she knew she won yet another challenge. Lifting my bottom to pull the dress free I dropped the it on the bench between us.
Reaching down Nicole took my discarded dress and placed it on the other side of her. For the second time I was sitting naked in a restaurant, but unlike Hooters and the attractive Vicky I was hoping I would not be a gift to our waitress. Looking around, I positioned myself out of view from the other dinners while fighting the urge to cover myself. Too much to my left and I had to potential to be exposed to the tables in front. Too much to my right and I would be visible to the woman sitting down the aisle.
Nicole went back to eating without a glance, content just knowing I was naked. I could do nothing but sit there with my hands on my lap as any attempt to cover myself would be challenged by Nicole. Being naked changes your perspective of your environment, the taboo act of being undressed in a situation where everyone else is heightens the nerves. Your sense of touch is amplified as areas of your body come in contact to things they normally do not. The leather felt abrasive and unyielding without a soft layer of clothes. The teasing sensation of the table cloth over the tops of my thighs and my stomach were a soft reminder that I had on no clothes.
However my attempt to shut out the world was interrupted by the sensation of Nicole's nylon covered toe caressing my calf. Making eye contact I could see the wicked smile on Nicole's face as she slid her foot higher up my naked leg. The sensation of nylon rubbing my bare thigh was sending unwelcome shock waves through my system and I found myself getting aroused. With my hands at my sides I closed my eyes and opened my legs as I felt her foot sliding along my upper thigh. A small groan escaping my lips as I felt her toe press against my clit.
"Mmmm, yes puppet," purred Nicole, "Now this is a much more entertaining dinner. Don't you agree?"
"Yes mistress," I grunted. Nicole's assault on my mositening pussy usurping my concern about being naked in a public place as I angled myself to allow better access. I was shocked to discover myself getting more and more aroused, mentally blaming the feel of Nicole's nylons as her toe slid up and down my slit.
Holding my breath I was red with embarrassment from getting off on another woman, my mistress, playing with my body in a public place. Worse yet with my nipples growing into hard buds I knew Nicole knew this as well. After what seemed like an eternity of torment I felt Nicole press the ball of her foot firmly against my clit before pulling away causing a whimper to escape my lips and my eyes to pop open. As I looked up at our watriss I felt my humiliation rising at being caught.
"I know we are a casual dining establishment, but I think you are taking it a bit too far sweety," laughed Alex and she stood before our booth.
"I'm just trying to liven the place up a bit," replied Nicole as she ran her finger through my hair. "This place looks a bit dry."
"I'm not complaining," answered Alex, "and personally would love to have a clothing optional policy for the ladies but it's not allowed. I had to quickly divert a couple I was planning to sit across from you so back in your dress young lady.
Holding back a smile I looked at Nicole waiting for her to return my dress. However the serious look on her face told me she was thinking of something and it would not be good for me.
"Can you take a picture first," asked Nicole pulling out her phone.
"Only if you send a copy to me, smiled Alex.
Scooting to the middle I let the fully dressed Nicole place her arm over my naked shoulders as we posed for the picture. With the flash of the phone I pulled away to my safe spot hoping the older woman did not see us.
"Get dressed puppet and fix yourself up," order Nicole, "we have a busy day."
Zipping up my dress I slid out of the booth and walked quickly across the restaurant. Embarrassed I could not even look at the older couple as I passed, not wanting to see if they witnessed what had just happened. Entering the bathroom I was relieved to find it empty as I tried to calm my nerves. Catching my breath, I moved over to the sink seeing my hardened nipples were clearly visible through my dress. It was then I heard the door opening and the woman walk in.
I could only stare as we made eye contact through the mirror, my body stiffening in place causing my nipples to poke at the front of my dress. The slight smile of a predator stalking her prey appearing on her face as she established we were alone and locked the bathroom door. The sound of the latch engaging silencing the gentle mumbling of the restaurant. Her eyes once again catching my gaze she walked towards me, the steady taping of her heels the only sound reaching my ears. Stopping to my right, the two of us stared at each others reflection. She was of Asian descent, most likely Chinese, probably in her upper 40s, with shoulder length black hair and wearing a figure hugging long sleeve black velvet dress with a hem that ended above the knee and a low cut neckline that displayed the tops of her ample breasts. While I was fixated on her chest, that I estimated to be a D cup, I saw her hands slid up.
"My eyes are up her sweete," laughed the woman as she caressed her mounds.
Knowing she saw me looking at her body caused me to divert my eyes in shame. My heart was still beating fast from the incident in the booth making my breathing heavy and my face flush, signs she was no doubt seeing as arousal.
With my submission assured her hand moved towards mine. A small whimper escaped my mouth as her finger made contact with the back of my hand and began to playfully dance up my bare arm. Moving behind me she gently pulled my hair back and started to caress my shoulders.
"That was a very captivating performance you put on for your girlfriend," purred the woman, " I enjoyed it very much".
Looking up I could see the woman's face watching our reflection. "Thank you ma'am," I murmured in reply.
"You American girls have it so easy," she continued as her hands explored my body. "When I was your age we girls could not do that. It was forbidden in my culture to go against your parents wishes. I could only look at my girlfriends knowing I could never let them know my secret. Then I met my husband. He was 35 and I was 18. He liked young women and my parents were more than willing to send their daughter to America. Looking back it was the best for me as well. America is much more open and like my husband I like young women."
I stood obediently as she spoke, her hands caressing my neck and slowly moving to my collar bone. With one deep stroke her hands moved down my chest and I released a soft hiss as her fingers glanced over my erect nipples.
My body knowing flight was not an option became receptive to the woman's touch and I licked my lips and closed my eyes. However my attention returned as the woman rested her hands on my hips causing a whimper to escape my mouth. With a commanding smile the woman resumed rubbing my breasts in small circles causing me to shudder.
"Yes American girls are much more open to their desires," continued the woman. "So arousing to watch as they flaunt themselves about. And then there are those you catch."
Pushing herself into my back I could feel her ample bosom as I leaned forward, her hips forcing my groin into the vanity before me. A hiss escaping my mouth as my sensitive clit was pressed against the edge.
"I must confess I have never had a redhead before," whispered the woman.
Grabbing my shoulders I was turned around and I looked into the eyes of my captor without the aid of the mirror for the first time.
Reaching up the woman began to gently caress my face. "Yes you are a very pretty one," purred the woman. "A very fitting present for valentine's day. Now let's have a closer look"
My heart rate doubled and my breath became quicker as the woman tugged on the zipper of my dress. I stood obediently as more and more of my body was exposed. Reaching the bottom tab the woman gave one final tug pulling the dress away leaving me in only my heels as I stood before the fully dressed woman.
"Yes very nice," growled the woman as she ran her hands over my now exposed nipples before leaning down to place one in her mouth, "and tasty".
Placing her hands on my shoulders and pressing down I knew what was expected. I dropped to my knees before the woman as she slowly pulled up the hem of her dress exposing a pair of black lace panties. The smell of her arousal filling my senses.
"Kiss it," she commanded.
Placing my hands on her thighs I leaned forward planting a soft kiss on damp lace covering her mound.
"Now pull them down with your teeth."
With the skill taught to me by Nicole I bit down on the band near her hip and gently tugged. Repeating the action on the other side causing the woman's panties fall to the floor making a slight plopping sound. Before me stood her secret garden glistening with her secretions.
"Now kiss me again," commanded the woman and she guided my face into her hairy bush.
Without even thinking I tilted my head back and pressed my mouth against her and wiggled my tongue through the thick matting of hair. The woman let out a deep hiss as I continued to lap my tongue up and down her slit. Knowing she was close and wanting to get this humiliation over with as quickly as possible I plunged my tongue deeply in her as I sucked out her nectar. Her moans turned to short gasps as her body grew rigid and she ground herself against my face.
"Oh yes, she squealed," as she leaned on me for support. "You are a very good cunt licker, the best I ever had."
Now that the deed was done I just knelt before her cleaning up her secretions as Nicole taught me. The idea that a mature lesbian thought that I, a hetrosexual girl, was the best pussy licker she ever had made me shiver.
After the woman regained her composure she didn't even bother to pick up her underwear. She just straightened out her dress and walked out of the bathroom. I remained naked kneeling for a few moments as I regained my composure before standing up and quicking replacing my dress and fixing my makeup, finishing just as the door opened. Like a scarred child I quickly walked out hearing the gasp from the woman as she discovered my aggressors panties on the floor. Mortified at the thought that the woman would assume the wet underwear was mine.
"What kept you," inquired Nicole as I slide back into the booth.
I was just working out my statement as I saw the woman and her husband approaching, Nicole's question forgotten. Reaching the table her hand purposefully slides by Nicole's depositing a business card and a 100 dollar bill.
"Oh I see," laughed Nicole as she picked up the card and money. "It looks like you picked up a little side job."
_______
"Now on that bed and let me claim that ass," barked Nicole as I was tossed onto my bed.
The whole scene was planned out and I landed on my mark, the center of my bed facing the space between the pillows where Nicole had placed a camera to capture my facial expressions. This combined with the rest of the cameras scattered about my room would give Nicole all the footage she needed to create her movie. For giving up Kathy, I had promised Nicole my anal virginity and we spent the afternoon shooting the introduction. As Nicole saw this as my last virginity she wanted to make it a sequel to the time she took my true virginity.
While Nicole still wore her suit my only clothing was a pair of red panties with black trim and a unique design, a heart shaped cut out exposing most of my ass. In my current position my anus was right in the middle making a sexual target in a heart shaped bullseye.
"Yes lovely," purred Nicole as she rubbed lubricant up and down the shaft of the anal dildo poking out of her pants.
"Thank you mistress," I whimpered in reply, "it is my gift to you."
"Yes a worthy booty it is," continued Nicole, now spreading the excess lub around my entrance. "And it is now mine!"
"Yes mistress," I squealed as I felt her finger press against my bud.
I bit my lip in nervous anticipation as Nicole prepared me for my final carnal act. My body was a blend of emotions as I remained in position my body shivering. My whole body began to tingle as I felt the coolness of the lubricant against my skin. Ever since we shared a glass of champagne before the scene I seemed to go from a sense of nervous dread to needed arousal. As I did not know the bottle was spiked with liquid ecstasy I assumed the alcohol had loosened me up. All I knew was I wanted Nicoles hands on my body.
I let out a short gasp as Nicole pressed the head of the dildo against my sphincter making it open followed by a groan as Nicole pulled back. My breathing was heavy as I felt the hard tip pressed against by backside knowing I was about to be penetrated. I let out a low moan as the dildo was pushed in several inches stopping only when my muscles started to pull it in rather than expel it. This continued with the dildo penetrating deeper with every stroke causing ever longer gasps and groans.
Finally I felt the front of Nicole's pants press against my naked ass signaling I had taken the whole dildo within my bowels. I felt so full, like I needed to go to the bathroom but having no control of the movement of the blockage. Once I became accustomed to the penetration and my ass loosened to accommodate the phallus I could feel it massaging my inner walls and the rhythmic stroking began to feel pleasurable in a new and unique way. While it was satisfying my bodies need for stimulation caused my crotch was moisten with anticipation as I was receiving sexual pleasure without contact to my vagina. I felt arousal like I had never felt before and found the moans from earlier were replaced with yeses as the dildo was pressed forward. Then suddenly I felt my body shudder as Nicole pulled back on my hair forcing my face to look straight at the camera as I received my first non vaginal orgasim.
"Did you enjoy the puppet," cooed Nicole as she used her free hand to rub my ass.
"Yes mistress," I replied between gasps, mortified that I was speaking the truth. I had just enjoyed anal sex with another woman and instead of satisfying my sexual need it left it in a heightened state as my pussy demanded attention.
"I can tell," continued Nicole as her hand slide over my wet vagina. "Tell me are you still aroused puppet?"
"Yes mistress," I groaned as I fought against the pull of my hair and the dildo to move my crotch against her fingers.
"Then beg me to fuck you, slut," growled Nicole as she released my hair and pulled the dildo out.
"Please mistress fuck me," I whimpered as my eyes began to water. "I need you to fuck me." It felt so humiliating to have cum from getting my ass reamed and to beg another girl to fuck me. Lifting my head I could see the camera still in front of me the little red light showing that my last virginity was captured for Nicole's collection.