Several weeks had passed since both Jimmy and Cheryl's first appointments with Sue, and the response had been incredible! She was booked solid with appointments due to Jimmy's handing out her business cards on campus, and Cheryl being part of a peer discussion group. Both had also returned for followup sessions as well. Most of her clientele had now shifted from psychological to sexual issues, due to her unorthodox approach to things, and she was more than happy to oblige their needs!
Sue had taken to wearing nothing but a terrycloth bathrobe to work, and slipped out of it once she entered the building; tucking it under her arm until she reached her office, where she left it behind Daphne's desk. She was then comfortable to wear nothing but a pair of sexy pumps, heels or whatever other footwear she decided to put on that day. Several of her clients were aroused by her soft white canvas pool or tennis shoes, so she tried to group her appointments together for what turned them on. She had even been successful in introducing a young man and lady who had similar issues and turn-ons, and they were now blissfully in love with one another. She was beginning to consider starting some sort of dating service on top of everything else if this kept up. She was batting a thousand with this new approach and she knew it!
The buzzer on Sue's desk intercom went off and she clicked on it.
"Yes?"
"Your first appointment is here." Daphne explained. "Mrs. Titus and her son, Fred."
"Send them in." Sue replied.
The door opened, and Daphne ushered the pair into the therapy area. Sue stood and greeted them with a smile.
"Good morning," she said pleasantly as she extended her hand politely, "I'm Dr. Taylor, but you can call me Sue."
"Hi." the woman responded, shaking her hand. "I'm Sherry Titus, and this is my son, Fred."
"Hello Fred," Sue said with a smile, "It's very nice to meet you."
"Same here." he mumbled.
"Okay," Sue said, as she sat in front of the mother and son duo, "I see that your son might have some issues with a naughty movie you made?"
Sherry took a deep breath.
"Well," she began, "I started making X-rated movies last year to earn some extra money. I'm a single mom you see, and I needed something else to make ends meet. I was kind of lonely anyway, so I decided to do a couple films for cash. It was all under the table, so it was working out well. I was getting satisfied and getting paid to get laid, if you don't mind my being blunt."
"Not at all." Sue replied. "So he found out, and now there's some tension about it? He's upset you're making these movies?"
"Not exactly," Sherry responded, as Fred tried to stare a hole through the floor. "He came back from college last spring because of all this Covid crap, so he's had a lot of free time on his hands. Literally. I came home early from my primary job as a bartender, which is how I was 'discovered' and found him naked in front of the computer, masturbating to one of my DVDs."
"You mean he found a DVD you like to watch?" Sue inquired. "You watch X-rated movies too?"
"No," Sherry said with a frown, "I mean I caught him jerking off to me getting fucked on cam. One of the DVDs I was in. He must have found it online. His own mother! That's why we're here. What kind of son gets turned on by his own mother having sex with some random dude? I mean he's seen me sucking dick and getting fucked in every hole-"
"Whoa." Sue cautioned. "Hang on a sec there Sherry. Just slow down a little, okay? I'd like to hear Fred's side of this story as well."
This was entirely new ground for her, and in all honesty, she needed a few moments to wrap her thoughts around this predicament. She turned to focus to the young man, who looked like he was about to cry. Not only had his mother caught him jerking off, she'd caught him jerking off to her own nude body! This was going to be a little tricky.
"Okay Fred," she said gently, "why don't you tell me what happened."
He cleared his throat and did his best to explain.
"I was, umm, getting a little turned on one day and I didn't think she'd be home for awhile, so I decided to start surfing the Net for something to get off on." he began. "I typed in mature nudes or something and just started clicking on one thing after another. Suddenly, there was a thumbnail of my mom, showing her tits and stuff. I didn't think it was her, but I clicked on it and sure enough it was. My own mother getting fucked! I got really excited for some reason. I don't know why; I just did. It turned me on to see this guy shove his dick into her mouth and get it sucked. I just started stroking my dick while I stared at her tits. I wanted to cum so bad."
"Have you ever seen a nude woman in person before?" Sue inquired.
He shook his head.
"Well, it's normal to be curious about the other sex." she said soothingly. "You can look at mine if you'd like."
With that, she uncrossed her legs, and stood and faced the young man. He seemed rather bashful, so she encouraged him to look at her unclothed body.
"It's okay." she coaxed. "I don't mind. In fact, I'd take it as a compliment if you stare. It makes me feel wanted, okay?"
Fred nodded, and ran his gaze all over her nude body. Sue could see his penis stiffening under his jeans, so she decided to encourage him to masturbate as he stared at her tits and cunt.
"Fred," she said quietly, would you like to cum while you look at me?"
He face turned bright red and he didn't know what to say.
"It's okay." she continued soothingly. "It will make you feel better, I promise."
"But- but my mother!" he sputtered. "I don't want to be naked in front of her and have her watching me while I do this."
"Oh for God's sake, Fred!" Sherry burst out. "I used to bathe you when you were little, and I saw you naked when you were pulling your pecker the other day. If it will help with all of this, take your damned clothes off and jerk off for crying out loud!"
"Sherry," Sue said quietly, "that's not quite the best way to get a result. I have an idea. Since he's already seen you naked on film, why don't you both take your clothes off? Then, we can all discuss this like adults while Fred relieves some pressure."
Sherry thought about it for a few seconds and shrugged her shoulders.
"Why not?" she agreed. "He was jerking off to me the other day, maybe he'd like to do it in front of both of us."
With that, she stood and began removing her own clothes, as her son stared in shocked disbelief as his mother stripped in front of him. Once she was undressed and completely nude, she gestured at him.
"Go ahead, take 'em off and show the doctor that cock of yours. Show her what you were doing the other day."
Fred nodded and slowly began undressing. It took awhile, but he eventually was standing in front of the two women devoid of clothing himself. Sue gazed at his erection and smiled.
"That's a very nice dick you have there." she complimented him. "Don't you think, Mom?"
Sherry licked her lips involuntarily, and nodded in agreement.
"Yes, he gets it from his father's side." she responded.
"Like I said before, Fred," Sue said quietly, "I don't mind if you masturbate in front of me. It's part of my therapy. If you want to cum, that's fine. It all stays here, right Mom?"
Sherry nodded once again.
"I have an idea." Sue ventured, as the young man began staring at her body and tugging his poor dick at the wondrous sight in front of him. "Sherry, he was obviously turned on by you the other day. Why don't you let him finish what he started?"
"Y-you mean, let him look at me while he jerks off?!" Sherry exclaimed. "That's gross!"
"Is it? He can always find you online and do it anyway. Why not let him see the real thing? Would you like that, Fred?"
He nodded and turned his attention to his own mother's nude body; pulling his cock desperately as he stared her tan-lined body and small, saggy tits.
"Oh Mom!" he burst out, reaching out and squeezing her right breast in his left hand as he ejaculated. "You're so hot!"
A thick stream of ropey cum shot from his cock and struck his mother's belly, forming thick globs of glistening cum on her tan skin.
"Freddy!" she shrieked. "What have you done?!"
"I'm sorry, Mom!" he cried out. "I didn't mean to!"
"Don't be sorry!" Sue interrupted. "This is why you are both here; to discuss this sort of thing and get things out in the open."
She handed Sherry a tissue, who used it to clean the opalescent drops of her own son's semen from her body.
"Okay," Sue continued, "now that that is out of the way, let's discuss how and why it happened, okay?"
"Okay." Sherry agreed grudgingly, glancing at her panting son.
"Did you enjoy that, Fred?" Sue inquired.
He nodded and smiled.
"Yes!" he exclaimed. "It felt so good, and I squeezed her boob too! It was so soft and squishy!"
"You liked the way her boob felt in your hand?" Sue prodded. "You liked squeezing it while you came?"
"Yes." he admitted.
He turned to Sherry.
"I'm sorry Mom!" he blurted out. "I never thought of you that way until I saw you having sex and sucking dick and all. I love the way your body looks. It just turns me on so much, Mom!"
Sue turned her gaze to the astonished woman in front of her.
"What do you think of that, Sherry? Do you still think it's gross to discuss sex with your son, or even to engage in sexual acts with him?"
The woman looked confused.
"I-I don't know." she stammered. "This is all new to me."
"So it was to him, discovering his own mother is a porn star." I reminded her. "You never told him. You must have known he'd find out at some point though. What were you going to tell him then?"
Sherry shook her head.
"I don't know." she repeated. "Son, I'm so sorry you had to find out like this. It wasn't your fault you found me online and got turned on watching me having sex. I should have told you and let you make that decision yourself."
"I got really turned on watching you sucking that guy's dick." Fred said bashfully. "I was fantasizing it was you when you walked in and caught me."
"Really?" Sherry asked incredulously. "You were thinking about your own mother sucking your penis? That turned you on?"
He nodded in reply, but said nothing.
"Why don't you do it?" Sue suggested.
"What?!" Sherry exclaimed. "Suck my own son's penis? Do you expect me to let him cum in my mouth too?"
"Would you?" he inquired. "Please Mom? It would feel so good."
"Now look what you've done!" Sherry blasted. "You've turned my own kid into a sex maniac that wants to fuck his own mother and cum in my mouth..."
Her voice trailed off, and Sue seized on the opportunity.
"Did you like it when he squeezed your tit?" she inquired.
Sherry was silent.
"Did you? Did it feel nice?"
"Yes."
"Then it should be a huge compliment to you, for your son to be attracted to you and to want to have some sort of sexual relations with you." Sue explained. "I think you got just as turned on about all of this as he did. That's why you came here today to talk about it, instead of punishing him and acting like it never happened. But it DID happen, Sherry. It happened, and you liked it too, didn't you?"
The woman nodded, and stared at the floor herself; caught in the fact that she was as turned on by all of this as her son was.
"Then why don't you let him know how much you love him and care about him, and how much you want what he wants, as much as he does?" Sue queried.
"How?" Sherry whispered. "Yes, I do love my son, but I don't know how to address this."
"You've already addressed it." Sue replied. "That's why you're both here. Now, you need to begin working on it. Your son was fantasizing about you fellating him when you walked in. Why don't you start there? Go ahead and suck your son's penis. Let him know how good it feels and let him ejaculate in your mouth. Wouldn't you really like to taste your son's cum?"
Sherry nodded and faced her son.
"Freddy, would you like for Mommy to suck your penis and make you feel all better? Would you like to cum in Mommy's mouth? I'll swallow it all, Sweetie Pie."
"Yes please." he replied, nodding. "I'd like that, Mommy."
Sue watched intently, as the well toned older woman took her son's cock into her mouth and began to slide her lips up and down the shaft. He was young, and he hardened up again fairly quickly as his mother sucked his dick like the pro she was. Sue was getting turned on herself at the sight of this mother and son duo, and she reached between her legs to begin masturbating herself, as she watched the lucky lad getting blown by his own mother.
"This has to be the perfect job!" she thought to herself, as she felt a sweet sensation building up inside of her loins. "I get to help others with their sexual issues, and I can watch them get off while I'm getting off too! And I'm getting paid for it! Oh my god, this is the American dream!"
Fred meanwhile, was sighing loudly as his mother continued sucking his penis.
"Oh Mommy," he whispered, "it feels so nice. Don't stop, Mommy. Oh Mommy, I'm going to cum! I'm gonna cum in your mouth Mommy!"
He let out a long, drawn out groan, as he ejaculated inside of his own mother's mouth, filling it with several spurts of his reserve load of sperm. He sighed blissfully and settled back against the couch, and Sue let her own feelings of lust turn into a satisfying climax of her own.
"Thank you, Mommy." Fred whispered, as his mother slid her lips off his softening cock. "That was so nice."
Sherry sat up and looked at her son, licking her lips and clicking her tongue against the roof of her mouth as she savored the taste of his sperm in her mouth.
"You're welcome, Freddy." she replied softly, stroking his hair in her hands. "Mommy's going to take care of her little boy, no matter how old he gets. Mommy will be there for you, Sweetheart."
Fred reached out and gingerly squeezed both of his mother's tits in his hands, loving the softness of them as he fondled them lovingly.
"They feel so nice." he whispered, as he leaned forward and began sucking on them one at a time. "I love your boobies, Mommy."
"I love your penis too." she answered. "I want to suck it again, and I want you to fuck me later on, okay? Will you fuck your mommy and cum in her cunt?"
"Oh yes!" he replied happily. "Oh Mommy, I love you!"
"I love you too." Sherry responded with a smile.
She turned to Sue and let out a deep breath.
"Thank you so much for helping me and my son." she said gratefully. "I was really scared this was going to ruin our relationship, but you have made us realize how much we need each other."
"I'm glad I could help!" Sue replied enthusiastically. "I want to see you both back in two weeks, and I have some homework for you in the meantime."
"Homework?" Fred asked incredulously.
"Yep. Since your mom sucked your dick and made you cum, I want you to lick her cunt and do the same for her, okay?"
He nodded in agreement.
"Good. That will make you even, but since you both seem to want more, I want you two to start dating."
"Dating?" Sherry echoed.
"Yes, dating." Sue replied. "Mom, I want you to take your son out to dinner and have a nice meal together. Then Fred, I want you to take Mom to the movies or wherever she wants to go afterwards. Then, I want you to both go home and have sex. Just fuck your brains out. Let it all out. Whatever fantasies you have, share them and have a wonderful night. Then, go to bed and have a good night's sleep. If you wake up in the morning and the fire's gone cold, leave it at that and we'll deal with how to go on with your lives in the next session. But if you both wake up ready to fuck again, then I want the both of you to take this seriously and date like any other couple would. Don't worry about being related. Incest is overblown, in my opinion.
"Either way, I want you to film it all, so we can all watch it together the next time you're back in my office. I'll make suggestions and give you my professional opinion. Until then, I wish you both the very best, as you explore this new realm of potential pleasure in your lives. Remember, the doors are open; it's the hallway you choose from here on out that will determine your fate in all of this. Choose wisely."
Fred and Sherry put their clothes back on, and Sue ushered them out of the office with a friendly wave.
"Remember to do your homework!" she hollered down the hall after them. "I want an A+ from both of you!"
"What was that all about?" Daphne inquired, as Sue stepped back inside the office.
"Doctor/patient privilege, Dear." Sue replied. "Suffice it to say though, that I think that THAT mother and son are going to experience a completely different life with each other from here on out. Call me crazy, but I think that after the next session, they will no longer be needing my services. I hate to lose a client, but if they're better because of me, I'm all for it!"
"Wow, you're good." Daphne complimented her boss.
"Yes I am," Sue replied, "but you already knew that."
Daphne smiled, and bit the left side of her lower lip involuntarily. It was a clear sign to her superior that she still lusted after her very much.
"Tell you what..." Sue suggested to her submissive secretary. "Why don't I take you out tonight for steak and lobster; my treat?"
"You're so sweet and generous." Daphne responded. "I'd love to, Doctor Sue, thank you."
"Oh, you're welcome." Sue replied with a twinkle in her eye. "I know you'll find a way later on to make it all worthwhile."
"Oh yes!" Daphne cried out. "I'll do whatever you want!"
"Really?" Sue pondered. "That's leaving a lot wide open. You know, Daphne, I have a lot of clients who need my help. Perhaps you could act as my personal assistant at times, when I really need a really good and caring helper?"
"I'd love to help." her secretary asserted. "Just tell me what you need and I'll be there for you. I love my job, and I love you too."
"Aww, that's so sweet." Sue responded. "I'll hold you to it. From here on out, you are strictly forbidden from wearing clothes in this office, and anytime I need help assisting a patient, you will be there for me, got it?"
"Yes." Daphne replied meekly.
"Good!" Sue replied. "Now take your clothes off."