Sunday morning, I was getting ready to leave for my weekly visit with my parents, when James sauntered downstairs in his boxers and a t-shirt; the subtle movement of his soft cock flopping about with each step had caught my eye. "What are you doing up so early, Sunshine?" I asked, trying not to stare at his package.
"Oh, Maggie wants some help with a surprise she has for Robert when he gets home. She says she needs someone good with a hammer." At first, I thought James must have had sleep in his eye, as he winked just as he finished his sentence. But a slight smile escaped him, and it was like he was letting me in on his joke.
"Are you off to visit Granddad and Grandma?" he asked.
I was a bit unnerved. "Yes. I am. I am just leaving now."
"Say hi to them for me. Tell them I will come by later in the week". My son has always made time to visit his grandparents, and they've always treated him like gold.
"I will. See you later." I kissed him quickly and was on my way. I worried a bit that Robert might come home earlier than expected, and find Maggie and James in a compromising position in their home. James has some brawn to him so he can defend himself but that would create a lot of drama in the neighborhood.
My visit with Mom and Dad was good as always. They asked about James and I told them of his planned visit. Mom blathered about how nice a boy I had raised, and Dad added, "I bet he a number of girlfriends on a string."
"Albert, you are such a horn dog," said Mom. "Some things never change with you. James is a fine boy. He would never treat girls like that!" I just shook my head because Mom is so right about my father. And it would seem that my son has taken after his horn dog grandfather.
I got home mid-afternoon and saw that Robert's car was in the driveway, and a pang of anxiety rushed through me as I wondered if he had walked in on Maggie and James.
I heard music blaring from James' room and James looked very relaxed when I saw him. I didn't bother to ask James about what or who he might have hammered earlier in the day. Maybe because I was just a little jealous, and would really rather find out about James' lovemaking firsthand.
We shared a nice dinner, and while we were chatting, I decided that at least Maggie got to enjoy the youthful fuck that she desperately needed while her husband was away, and now things might get back to normal.
Monday, I was back to work so when I got home, my wonderful son had made supper for us. When we finished, he treated me to a warm tea while I watched the six o'clock news. Around seven, the doorbell rang and James got up to answer it. "That will be Maggie. If her husband calls or texts you, she is over here visiting with you, okay? We won't be too long."
Before I could even respond, James had the door open and Maggie was giggling and waving to me like a schoolgirl, as the two of them went up the stairs to his bedroom. I wondered what had happened that she thought she could be so obvious about being alone with James, with me nearby.
I found myself not knowing how to react. Should I go up there and kick Maggie out? That wasn't going to stop them, and I didn't think that I should cock block my son, either. It wasn't long before I could hear the rhythmic motion of James' bed, and the muted sounds of female pleasure. I recalled how odd it was watching them from James' bedroom without hearing any sounds whatsoever, and this seemed worse; hearing the sounds of Maggie's unrelenting pleasure without seeing which way he had her positioned to do so. I pictured James standing behind Maggie bent over his bed and his strong arms pulling her hands behind he to fuck her forcefully.
I moved to the foot of the stairs where the noises were less faint, but even more tantalizing. I crept quietly up the stairs and near enough to James' bedroom to hear him saying, "That's it. Take it! Fuck, your tongue feels so good... yeah, suck it!"
I unbuttoned and let down the zip on my jeans, and dipped my fingers between my legs, under the elastic of my panties and into my warm, greasy honey. Maggie was slurping and I imagined it was I kneeling before my son, bringing his balls to a boil. In only a few seconds, I got myself off on the sweet fantasy of pleasing James, while hearing Maggie utter things like, "Give it to me. Yes, on my face," and, "Fuck, that is so much cum!" My naive friend's words brought me over the edge and I bit my lip to stifle an ecstatic moan. I slipped back down the hall and went back to the living room to watch some TV.
About an hour later, Maggie descended the stairs, primping her hair, with James right behind. "Nice seeing you, Liz," she offered, blowing me a kiss and stepping out onto the porch. James closed the door over behind her. "I'm going to hang out in my room, Mom," he said quickly, turning to go up the stairs. I simmered for the next hour or so, and went to the bottom of the stairs.
I hollered up, "James?"
A few seconds later, I heard his bedroom door open and James appeared at the top of the stairs, still in his boxers and underwear. "Yeah?"
"I think we need to talk."
I went back to the sofa as he came down. "Oh? What's up?" he asked. I waited for him to come closer and sit next to me. As he did, I looked down to see that in my haste, I had not zipped up my jeans. My bright blue panties peeked from the opening and I quickly folded my hands over my lap to hide them from view.
"Well, I'm not sure," I offered sarcastically. "Didn't you just take a married woman up to the privacy of your bedroom for almost an hour earlier?"
"Oh, yeah. Why?"
"Why? Her husband is right next door and you expect your mother to be offering a cover story if her husband comes looking for her?"
"Yeah, I told Maggie you wouldn't mind." Now my simmering was changing to a near boil at his cockiness.
"Was it the same kind of 'visit' you had with her on Saturday night? You know, when you were supposed to have stopped by to pick up money that her husband owed you?"
"Well, neither of us at the time knew that you already knew that we were having sex."
"What makes you think I know anything about you two?" James pulled out his phone.
He unlocked it and went into his photos and turned the phone towards me, saying just one word, "This." My eyes widened and my breath stopped short. I could not believe what I was seeing. There was a picture of me kneeling at James bedroom window peeking out toward Maggie's bedroom across the way.
"What..." I couldn't manage a complete sentence. I was trying to figure out how the picture could even exist.
James went on, a deadly serious look came upon his face. "It's only a screenshot. There are two videos that were saved. I've only shown this screenshot to Maggie. She hasn't seen the naughtier stuff."
"Two videos?" My hands trembled, and my lungs tried to fight against the immense tension in my chest, to bring in another breath of air. My brain was spinning as James spoke.
"Yeah. You know. The other one with your pretty face buried in my underwear, licking up my cum." Oh, holy fuck. He has a hidden camera in his bedroom. He added, "Jesus, Mom, that was so hot!"
I hung my head in shame. "Oh, James. I'm so disgusted with myself." Tears welled up.
James put his arms around me, my head nestled in his chest. "It's okay Mom. I had no idea you thought about me like that. I thought I was the only one who fantasized about incest." Before I could beg forgiveness, James said something perplexing. "I put a camera in your room too." I stared at him in disbelief. I couldn't comprehend what he was telling me.
"The hidden camera is in the alarm clock beside my bed. It has a small hole in the center. Remember, I bought you the same one as mine for your birthday?
"You mean?" Again, words could not catch up to my thoughts.
"Yes. I've never been able to tell you how much I've fantasized about you, or uh, sharing your bed. Or how I've wanted to be with you - inside you. I know it was wrong, but I needed to see you in ways I could never ask for. I thought you would be repulsed to know I have had those feelings for so long."
"So, you saw me naked? Masturbating? And with other men?" I tried to think of how many lovers I've had in my bed since he gave the clock to me last year; three came to mind.
James stared into my eyes, nodding. "Yes, all of the above! Your body is so beautiful. Your breasts are perfect, and I love seeing you pleasured sexually. And, now that I know you feel the same way..." I felt wetness between my legs and looked down at James' crotch. His dick had begun to lengthen; his underwear showed his prominent growth beneath.
I took each of James' hands in mine. "You haven't told Maggie about any of this, have you?"
James' head was already shaking in the negative. "No, Mom. I promise. She doesn't know about any of this. She only knows that you spied on us from my room." I had a series of emotions come over me. First, I felt a flood of juices soaking my panties. My son wants me as much as I do him, but here were serious consequences if we were to go any further, and I knew James' cock drunk brain would trump any worries he might have about us doing something so taboo.
I kissed my son with a short, but gentle and loving kiss. Then I said, "We cannot turn back if we were to go any further than we already have, and I do not want to lose you by acting recklessly. Do you know what I mean?"
I sat back and cradled my son in my bosom. God, my nipples were betraying me. "You won't Mom. We are both adults. We can handle this." Yes, technically we are adults, but I am more mature and I am supposed to be the one who must think clearly at this point.
"So, how about this? Let's leave our fantasies where they are, and you just have your fun with Maggie for now. Just don't be foolish; we don't need the neighbors talking or you having a fight with Robert."
James' hand cupped my breast softly. "What about you? Don't you want a man in your life like Maggie does?" His lips pursed around my swollen nipple and he latched onto it ever so lightly.
Oh, God, I wanted him. I gently pulled his face from me and said, "I will be fine." I definitely wouldn't be fine. I wanted him with all of my being, and we were so close; his hard cock only a touch away. I wanted him inside me and knew he would be if I caved right then.
"Alright then, but if you change your mind," James kissed me sweetly and got up. He continued, "I've got some studying to do anyway. I might come down later for a snack."
"Okay, Sweetie."
James left the room and I tried to stop thinking about him, and his tryst with Maggie, not to mention his hidden cameras. I decided to make a call next door and invite Maggie over for a tea. She agreed and quickly arrived. Maggie looked around to see where James was, and I offered, "He's upstairs. Can we talk?"
"Sure, Liz." We made our way into the kitchen. I filled the kettle and sat down next to Maggie. "What's up? She asked with a knowing grin.
"So, has it been all that you've hoped it would be?"
"Oh, my God, Liz, James is the best lover I've ever had! And his, well... his dick is just beautiful. No one has ever, um... well, satisfied me like James can." The look in Maggie's eyes and her words only made me want my son even more. An onset of wetness began as Maggie continued. I got up and poured two cups, setting hers down in front if Maggie.
"And, I got the ultimate revenge when Robert arrived home, yesterday. James had only left the house about a half hour before, and I was just changing the sheets when I heard him at the front door. Of course, my husband wanted sex, and I gave it to him! Right then and there!"
This was not helping my filthy thoughts about my son; I found myself rubbing my knees together as Maggie spoke.
"I hadn't even showered, so when Robert slid his hand down my leggings, he found me more than wet! He told me, "Oh I see that you've missed me! Let's mess the bed up, okay?""
"Oh Maggie! You didn't!"
"Oh, yes I did. I told him that I really needed to cum and that I missed his tongue really badly!" My eyes widened in disbelief.
"And you let him..." My voice trailed off as Maggie smiled and nodded.
"As Robert tore his clothes off, I scooped my fingers along the gusset of my panties to get rid of most of James' cum, knowing that more would seep out once my husband got down there."
I absentmindedly ran one hand along the inside of my thigh, wanting to scratch the sexual itch that my best friend had started.
Maggie continued, "I tugged off my clothes and lay back on our bed and splayed my legs wide for him. I will never forget the look on his face as Robert knelt before me, staring at my freshly fucked pussy! I recalled the disgust I felt when Robert put the same dirty cock in me that he had put in another women over the years, and boy, was I glad to return the favor! And, you know what, Liz?"
"What, Mags?"
"Robert loved it! He said he hasn't seen me that wet ever, and he loved how hard I came!"
"Jesus, Mags. That is so erotic." Her filthy talk had me picturing James cum in Maggie's pussy, and my mind wandered as to what it might be like to have seen and tasted my son from her cum-filled hole. Maggie's next statement broke ne from my thoughts.
"So, I might need to borrow your young man again... you know, to get me wet enough for my husband." We both giggled at her words, before she added, "I didn't think you would mind." She offered a knowing smile but I just sipped my tea.
I offered, "Just be careful, Mags. I don't want anything bad to happen to James if Robert were to find out."
Maggie nodded as she sipped. "Don't worry. I will take care of your man for you." That was the problem for me. I wanted Maggie to go back home and let ME take care of James.
Maggie got up and said, "I should get home. Two visits over here in one day, you know." Ah, yes. All this talk had me forget that Maggie was wearing a path in the grass between our houses.
After Maggie left, I only found myself getting even hornier. I had the reserve to put anything physical with James to a halt. That's fine for James, I thought. He can get action anytime he wants, and Maggie is getting off on his youthful cock as well as humiliating her husband in the process. I found myself lightly caressing my pussy through my jeans again, and needed to take care of my self in private. I went upstairs past James room and to my own. I kicked off my jeans and a pair of granny panties that I had put on in the morning. A brilliant idea came to mind. In my dresser I found a pair of pink silk bikinis and stepped into them. I went to my nightstand and opened the top drawer, pulling out a long rubber vibrator.
I looked at the alarm clock next to my bed and noticed the black lens that blended in so well, and lay back on my bed with my feet pointed at it. I wanted my son to see me again, horny and wanting him, even if only in my dreams.
I drew my knees up until my heels were near my thighs, splayed my knees wide, and turned on the vibrating motor to low speed. My pussy was so wet that the gusset was already almost a purple color from warm juices seeping into them.
The done-shaped knob felt good against my clit, through my panties, moving it in decadent tiny circles. Moans became guttural as my climax built, so I slid the sodden panel aside knowing that orgasm was imminent.
I needed to be penetrated so badly so my right hand took over external stimulation, allowing the undulating tool to slip between the engorged labial folds. "Take me," I moaned, plunging the rubber shaft until my fingers pressed against my pussy lips. My mind pictured his firm body over me, his warm breath in my face, and in seconds my climax coursed through my entire body.
As my chest heaved, I lightly touched my sensitive clit, and I smiled at the thought of James later enjoying my naughty play for him. I soon got up and had a long warm shower and made my way back to bed for a wonderful sleep.
In the morning, being a creature of habit, I checked my phone before getting out of bed for messages, emails and tick-tock videos. In my DMs, was one from James - a picture - a screen shot of my best friend Maggie on all fours; her face buried in a pillow in James bed. My son was balls deep inside her and his hands held Maggie's round ass firmly. He was looking directly at the hidden camera with a cocky grin on his face.
There was one line of text beneath the picture:
CHECK YOUR EMAIL ;)
I swiped the DM closed and saw two new emails had arrived. One was from a coworker and the other from James just this morning.
When I opened his, it had a video attachment, and clicked on the PLAY button. It was another from James bed, but this time it was his phone taking a shot of my video from the night before. I was looking at my splayed wide legs and my hand and vibrator playing with my pussy.
After a few seconds, the phone tilted down to display James jacking off his fabulous cock while he watched me. In only a few seconds, I heard his breath become labored and suddenly his fat cock erupted like Vesuvius. Six or seven long, creamy jets spewed straight up and spilled onto James belly and pubes, and more cum seeped from his slit and drizzled down his thick, veiny process.
When he finished cumming, James reached for his underwear and mopped up the gooey mess, wrapping it around his dwindling pole. He held the slimy cotton to the camera and he called out, "I loved your video, Mom. I'll put these in the hamper in the bathroom for you."
The screen went black at that point and I found myself fully aroused once more. Needless to say, I made a hasty trip to the bathroom and returned to my bed to start my day off right!