Author's Note: Recently my wife shared a fantasy of hers involving a seductive meeting with a supposed stranger in Italy. Both of us decided to write our own version; this one is hers. Mine is posted in the "Anal" section under the title "In Italia." While mine is playful and sexual, hers is heartfelt and romantic. Hopefully one will appeal to you, if not both. Enjoy!
---------------
As I walk through the ripe fall air, I take a moment to enjoy the breathtaking scenery: the hazy twinkle of street lights, the reflection of the moonlight on the streets still wet from the afternoon shower, the busy yet casual atmosphere of the night. There are people walking in every direction, all with a carefree attitude and an intoxicating feeling of relaxation. I drink it all in as I walk the few short blocks to the cafe in the plaza. I know I look amazing in my new clothes and stiletto heels, perfect makeup and a fresh haircut. I enjoy the stares and comments from the locals as I walk down the busy sidewalk. As I get closer to the plaza, I remind myself to take a deep breath and prepare myself for the night ahead.
I arrive at the cafe a little ahead of schedule, and I quickly survey the area until I find what I am searching for. I walk to an empty table near two Italian men who are young, attractive, and dressed like they are ready for a night out on the town--exactly what I hoped to find. They notice me immediately and brazenly survey my body from head to toe, clearly not trying to hid their interest. I politely ignore their boldness and take my seat, deliberately crossing my legs to allow the slit on my dress open to my upper thigh. I order a gin and tonic from the waiter and take out a cigarette from my purse. Immediately one of the Italians jumps up from his chair and lights the cigarette, saying something in Italian. I am not sure exactly what he said, but I can guess that it was a compliment or inappropriate--probably both.
After my drink arrives the other Italian begins speaking to me in English with his sexy Italian accent. They soon realize, however, that I am not interested in polite conversation and they offer to buy me another drink. I decline and continue to appear disinterested in them. Soon they become annoyed, discovering that they have been wasting their time on me, and ask me who I am waiting for.
At that moment, I see you enter the plaza. You are too far away for me to see your face, but I can tell it is you by your sexy gait and sleek appearance. You, too, draw glances from women as you walk by; who could blame them? I quickly avert my eyes and continue sipping my cocktail and staring into the city night. I can feel your presence as you near my table, and by the time I look up, you are staring back at me.
You keep walking past my table, sitting at the one next to mine, but still facing me. You also order a gin & tonic from the waiter, and light a cigarette. From the corner of my eye, I see you sigh deeply, lean back in your chair, and take a deep breath of the fragrant night air. You are also preparing yourself for the evening ahead, and my anticipation begins to build. I feel a slight dampness in my lacy panties as I re-cross my legs. I briefly close my eyes to attempt to control my rising arousal, and as soon as I open them I see you staring openly at me.
I am taken aback at first. Though I have seen you stare at me like this a thousand times before, somehow this feels new and exciting. You nod your head as if to say, "Good evening," and go back to your cocktail.
At this point my head is spinning, a little from the gin, but mostly from the intense attraction I have for you. I continue staring at you, not caring if you notice or not.
A sudden breeze carries my cocktail napkin off my table and it lands near your chair. You bend down to retrieve it and return it to me, in the process asking if you could join me at my table with an understood hand gesture. After a slight hesitation I invite you to sit with me.
At this point the two Italian men are clearly annoyed with me, and leave mid-drink to prey upon other women, mumbling something in Italian as they walk past our table.
You offer to buy me another drink, a glass of wine this time, and introduce yourself as Aleksander. I tell you my name--Veronica--and we proceed to chat back and forth about the night, what brings us to Italy, our favorite places to visit here, and so on. It is a mock conversation of building acquaintanceship, play-acting on an elevated level.
A violinist begins playing in the plaza near the fountain. The beautiful melody floats through the air and you offer your hand to me, inviting me to dance. I blush, take another sip of wine, and lay my fingers in yours. Instantly you whisk me out my chair onto my feet. It is only now that you can fully appreciate my stunning silhouette beneath the form-fitting dress. You are momentarily speechless, holding me as your eyes wander down my lithe body, but you quickly recover and begin twirling me around and around.
You are a graceful and exquisite dancer, and I marvel at the way you can hold me so delicately yet at the same time lead me in the waltz with such masculine strength and power. As we dance, I run my hand up and down your muscular bicep and tricep, longing to see you without your shirt and jacket. I can tell that you notice my musing as a smirk appears on your face.
Suddenly you move your hand low on my back and tower your upper body over mine, leaning me into dip until your face is just centimeters from mine. I close my eyes in anticipation, but instead you bring me back up, taking my breath away. We both stand, staring at each other, panting slightly from the exertion and the building physical attraction.
You settle the bill for both of us, and we share the same thoughts as you take my small hand in yours and lead me back to our hotel. Along the way, you stop at a street vendor to buy me a small bouquet of peonies, and we take a quick picture together with the city lights behind us.
Finally we arrive at the hotel and step into the elevator, still holding hands. The moment the door closes we turn to each other and begin kissing passionately, groping each other and gasping for breath. The elevator dings as we reach our floor, and we both quickly go back to holding hands, smoothing our clothing and hair before stepping off the elevator.
As you open the door to our room I slip my hand around your waist and firmly squeeze your already rock-hard cock through your trousers. I hear you inhale sharply as the door handle turns, and you grab me and pull me into the room , a devilish grin on your face. You pick me up with one swoop of your arm and lightly toss me onto the king-size bed.
Walking past the bed, you go over to the window and fling open the curtains, allowing the glow of the city to infiltrate our room. The soft glow illuminates your silhouette as you remove your jacket and begin unbuttoning your shirt. I walk on my knees to the edge of the bed to help you undress. I reach inside your half-unbuttoned shirt to feel your firm chest and rippled abdominal muscles.
I unbutton it completely and reach for your belt buckle. Before I am able to unfasten it, however, you grab each of my wrists and throw me backwards on the bed, falling on top of me. You roughly kiss my face and neck, stopping just above my cleavage. I inhale sharply and enjoy your scent; I have always loved the way your skin smells, and it always manages to turn me on.
I start giggling as your scruff tickles the soft crevices of my neck. In response you grab me in a bear hug and roll over so that now I am on top of you. I sit upright, legs straddling your naked chest, and begin to unzip my silk dress. I remove the straps on each side, revealing my shoulders, the fabric held in place only by my hands. I slowly lower them to expose my bare breasts beneath the silk. My nipples harden as I my hands run down the front of my chest. I can see in your eyes that you want me completely now and I prepare myself for your desire--for I want you, too.
Your stomach muscles ripple and flex as you bring yourself upright so we are face to face. You kiss me deeply, then give your full attention to my nipples, flicking them lightly with your tongue. You continue to circle them and nibble lightly, alternating between each breast. I lean back and relax, enjoying every second of your touch.
Your hands press firmly on my buttcheeks and lift me up as you stand. I hang onto your thick neck and continue nibbling on your earlobes, not caring where you are taking me. I feel you bend over and gently lay me on the chaise lounge, cradling my head until I am lying down comfortably.
I lay there, mesmerized, as you unzip and remove your trousers, then your boxer briefs, allowing your cock much-needed freedom. I motion for you to come to me and you straddle my chest, inching your way up until my mouth is within reach of your exquisite manhood.
I tentatively lick the underside of your penis, waiting for your reaction. You push it closer to me and I begin to take it in my mouth, swirling my tongue and lubricating your entire shaft. My hands caress your balls and buttocks as I suck your cock while your hands squeeze and fondle my breasts.
After you are sufficiently wet and aroused, your body slides downwards until you are kneeling at the end of the lounge. I spread my legs wide in anticipation, and you do not disappoint. I feel our firm tongue tease the end of my clit, then soften to lick the entirety of my pussy. I have always loved the way you lick me and tonight is no exception. You respond to my every breath and movement, like you are perfectly in tune with my body and its needs. As I start to get close I push your head away, your signal that I am primed and ready to be fucked. You scoop me up in your arms once more, but this time you walk to the balcony of our suite.
The cool breeze flows across my face and chills my dripping-wet pussy. You set me down on my feet and embrace me from behind, warming my shivering naked body with yours. We walk to the railing and take in the view of the city. your strong arms hold me tightly against your body and I nestle into you until I feel the warmth of your cock between my legs. I turn my head back to kiss you as you guide yourself into me, filling me completely. Our kiss is interrupted by my gasping and moaning pleasure, and soon you are softly biting the back of my neck instead as you rhythmically pump your cock inside me.
I grip the railing tightly for support and bend over to improve your angle for deeper penetration. I turn my head around again to watch your face as you fuck me from behind. Your eyes are closed as if deep in thought, though your face is completely relaxed and blissful. I am still in awe of my ability to make you feel this way, even after our many years of marriage.
I turn back around to concentrate on my own orgasm as I feel your balls tighten and hear your breathing grow more sporadic. I reach down between my legs and press on the tip of my clit, pushing me over the edge into orgasm. You thrust into me one last time as we both reach our climax and continue our movements in unison, moaning and panting with complete satisfaction.
You lean forward to kiss the top of my head and sweetly express your love for me. I slowly turn around, your cock slipping free as I face you, still feeling light-headed from the orgasm. I wrap my arms around your waist and look up at you. You smile your charming smile and wipe away the single tear welling in the corner of my eye. Knowing me, you are flattered and once more whisk me off my feet, carrying me to our bed. We are both exhausted, fulfilled, and absolutely in love.