This is part five of a fictional story based on stories my aunt told me years ago. It is not a story about losing virginity, but of a sexual awakening that led to many other sexual firsts for the main characters. All characters portrayed are over 18.
The stories are fiction, but I tried to keep them accurate to the time, the early 70s. So if male and/or female bi-sex bothers you, just a warning there is some in this particular part, as it was more out in the open in the 70s.
What I can attest to is thefactthat nude swimming by males really was required as recommended in many swimming pools in the past. The origin of the rules came in 1926, from the American Public Health Association which adopted guidelines about swimming attire that indicated that because fibers clogged filters, bacteria count escalated. Therefore, all males using pools should bathe before entering and not be permitted to wear anything whatsoever, and that female swimmers should only wear suits that were not dyed or had loose fibers. I stumbled onto it one day trying to confirm what I had been told by my parents and other elders. No one knew exactly why but a simple search, (males required to swim nude) confirmed this and gave some validity to the stories I had heard related to it. This national guideline was not dropped until 1962. A decade later in some areas, mostly at YMCA pools, and some high schools and colleges it remained into the mid-70s.
Some even required that males swam naked at swim meets, while female team members in suits watched and waited to compete in their events. It also confirmed that, in some schools, adult family members of the competitors were permitted to watch them compete. I assume colleges kept those rules longer as their students are of adult age (18).
Reading at least part one of this multi-part series would frame the following parts much better than reading them on their own. We will cut in where my auntie Chrisy left off. The actual stories she told me are told by her in the first person, but from here on any of the other dialog by me will be in both in Italics, and also enclosed in (Parentheses.)
______________________________________________
(I was off to school and did not get to visit my auntie Chrisy's place for almost a year. I kind of got wrapped up in my own life but missed the stories about her life back in the 70s. I missed hearing them, and I think she missed telling them. Once I was of age she opened up to me about the lifestyle she lived back then. I got a call from her telling me she had a friend that she would like me to meet and vice versa. At first, I thought it was a fix-up, and wondered how old this friend was. She explained it was her friend Tina from traveling with the dead days. That would make her my aunties age, but she said she just wanted to show her what a great nephew she had, and me what a great friend she had, as they have kept in touch for years.)
Tina, Tina, Tina
(I showed up at Auntie Chrisy's and found out what a spitfire her friend was. She was small in all dimensions, short, thin but shapely, and maybe a little butch looking, but just bubbling with both, personality as well as sexuality.)
(We sat down at the table and I pitched a fastball right away. I asked her to confirm the story of my auntie letting roadies run a train on her on stage.)
Tina said, "Well at the risk of rehashing it, she did get really fucked up once. She ended up naked on stage being carnal with a bunch of sweaty roadies. I guess that paints a pretty accurate picture of the scene I remember. The whole thing was a shock for us that rescued her, it's not like any of us girls had not fucked a roadie or two. Your auntie held the record after that."
"Nudity was not uncommon but her up there naked with a bunch of partially clothed roadies turned out to be the main attraction. She was so fucked up she did not realize how big and rowdy the crowd became watching her, not to mention turned on. I was used to nudity, but a naked Chrisy on the stage and roadies waiting for their turns was too much. It triggered a fuck fest, and in parts of the crowd what could only be described as orgies. I am sure that story is still being told by some of the participants, and onlookers. It was when she hit bottom, I might have been better off if I had one like that. I did not know when to quit, and when I did try I ended up going back for more sex, drugs, and rock and roll."
"Has she told you the stories about her teaching, swimming, and fucking guys she was supposed to be teaching?"
(I told her about the ones she did, and they ended with the naked swim meet.)
Tina said, "Well there is the story I got involved in. It was about what happened after that with a bunch of old guys at their alumni reunion. That one proved that she did learn some things that paid off, after letting the roadies take advantage."
(The two of them had started drinking wine before I got there, and I could tell Auntie Chrisy wanted to tell a story but was not quite ready yet. She left the room and came back with a bong and a bag of weed, I had not done it, but was willing to try it. I opened another bottle of wine and we just made some small talk until auntie had the pipe lit. It was not as harsh as I thought it might be, and I had several hits without coughing. I did not feel anything yet but was told it takes some time. I was too busy thinking about having a new MILF to get turned on by, and we were checking each other out until my auntie was ready to talk. Tina and I might have been not feeling it much yet, but Auntie was pretty fucked up.)
"I guess I am ready to tell it, and I will, but, I might need my hot nephew to get naked to put me in the mood. Hopefully, the story will give him a boner and give us something smoking hot to look at."
Tina, "Are you sure you want your nephew naked in front of you and me? Is that not wrong?"
"Of course it's wrong, that is what makes telling these stories more erotic for him and me. In this case, showing my naked nephew to my old friend will add to it. Don't try to tell me that you would not enjoy seeing a young guy like him not just naked, but likely aroused at some point. We both lived the stories, so this will give us someone that is the same age as the boyfriend I am talking about. He is of age, don't be such a prude, it's not the you I remember. Let the pot take over, it will be fun like the old days, looking at my naked nephew will help us relive them."
Tina, "Alright, if he is OK with it, and it does not bother you, who am I to turn down such an opportunity."
(I guess I could have argued with my auntie, but I didn't. I was already getting hard thinking about getting naked for the two of them. I was getting some new feelings and was not sure if it was from the pot or the thought of getting naked for auntie and someone new. How was I any different than my auntie, as I wanted to see them nude too, especially Tina? So I told her I would strip, but under one condition. The condition was that when she gets to the point where either one of them became naked in the story, she and her friend needed to disrobe and join me that way.)
(I did not wait for an answer, instead, I pulled my shirt off to give them a taste. I could feel my cock getting hard just thinking about getting to be the NM in this MILF dominated CFNM. I felt so comfortable and free shirtless and knowing I was only one piece of clothing left till I was naked for them. I would normally have been a little nervous, but that is one of the things weed does. In my case, it made me not just willing, but excited to be naked for someone new. It was a new and improved body I was going to get to show my auntie. I had been working out and playing some intramural sports at school. For the first time in my life, I had abs, and I could see they were a big hit with my Auntie and her friend as soon as my shirt was off.)
(Maybe the pot, or just showing off by doing something taboo with my auntie and her friend was the cause of what I did next. I already had some wood, so I did not pull off my shorts, I wanted them to see my cock untethered and in their faces. So I walked over to where they were sitting and told them to do the honors. They hooked the waistband of my shorts and pulled me even closer to them. I was commando as usual when I would visit her, and I was anxious to give them the total view of the improved body I was proud of.)
(Tina was likely feeling the weed too, all three of us were. Tina did not hesitate to help, and they pulled down my shorts and as I hoped, my hard cock popped up when it cleared the waistband. I have to say I had no problems being nude for a stranger. I stood there proud and tall. I was most proud of the fact that I had a nice hard-on to show them. I was then officially an NM with a hard cock in a CFNM with my Auntie and her friend when my auntie made and announcement to her friend.)
"What did I tell you, is my nephew not young, fit, and hung? Just look at that big cock on him, it being taboo makes it an even better view."
(I was fine with being the only one nude, and with the buzz, I was feeling by then. I loved being the object of their attention, what horny young man wouldn't.)
Auntie added, "What are you waiting for Tina, my nephew's cock is just waiting for your attention. Don't tell me it's not attractive to you, touch it, feel it, suck it, you know the drill."
She replied, "These bodies we have are twice his age Chrisy, it is him that may not want me doing it."
(All I could think about was it being in her mouth. I figured it was up to me to show her how welcome her attention was. I was not shy at all and moved up on her and my hard cock was inches from her face. I guess she got the message as the next thing I felt was Tina's soft hands on my package, that alone gave me a chill. Next, I felt her tongue as the hot MILF started licking my cock, then she was using her hands on my ass holding me there. I had blow jobs, and even had my auntie blow me, but wow, was it being high that made this so much better? I looked at my auntie and could see she was both fucked up from the pot and wine and turned on watching. Once Tina took it in her mouth my auntie had something to say.)
Come on Tina, don't you remember how we used to share young cocks, most not nearly as big, and seldom on such a hunk? Don't even bother reminding me he is my nephew when I join you, the good ship carnal for him and I had already sailed. It was during one of the other stories and after a bottle of wine."
(Tina was no longer questioning her at that point, she let go and I moved so my cock was between them. Now I was in for a first, and quite a treat as they took turns taking it in their mouths. I could have never dreamed this would ever happen, and this quickly. I was in heaven as the totally hard cock I showed them was now in their complete control. MILFs really know what they are doing, I had two mouths, and four hands on me. My balls, my inner thighs, knowing my auntie, I figured they did this before.)
(I had not even heard one line of the story as they seemed to be in a contest to see who could hold my cock in their throats the longest. I was no longer in a hurry for the story to start. This was just plain awesome being both high and getting all this attention. They proved they had worked as a team before, as one swallowed, the other licked my balls and stuck a warm wet finger in my asshole. It was so awesome that I felt I was ready to cum and told them so. The next thing I knew they had their faces in front of me as I jerked off to finish.)
(I was in a place of euphoria standing there dick in hand, and having two women watching me jerk off as they waited for my seed. Everything seemed like it was in slow motion, as when I did deliver, the cum ropes I watched exiting my cock looked to be in slow-mo as well. I watched them travel through the air and land on their faces and in their mouths. I had never had an " O " feel like that one as I gave the two of them facials. They made no effort to avoid the volleys and took them with their eyes and mouths open. This " O " was enhanced by the situation I was in, and I am sure I made some funny noises and faces. So it did not bother me that the two of them were laughing as they looked at me, then at each others cum covered faces. I was a little out of breath even though I had put forth little effort.)
(I stood there still hard and proud as they licked my still dripping cum off my knob, and then off each other's faces.)
(Auntie then sat me down in between them and started her story. I knew this one was going to be special with me sitting naked between two clothed MILFs that had just got me off.)
______________
"OK, I guess I did not tell you this story earlier, as believe it or not, in some ways it makes me look a little less like a hippie girl going with the flow, and more like a prostitute."
I was back at school and broke from not working during the Dead tour. Summer came again and there were hardly any summer lessons to teach. I was not sure how I was going to keep going financially. I got a call from the Deans office and I prepared myself for the worst. I figured I thought I was going to lose some of my swimming scholarship for my involvement in the rebellion. It was only a partial scholarship anyway.
I was sitting in the waiting area of his office in a little bit of terror when he invited me in. I wondered why his sectary or no other staff was around, he had given them the day off.
He began explaining the reason for the visit and seemed very timid about it. He explained that a Reunion was scheduled for some of the past all-male swim teams, they have an alumni association. He said them being aware that we went COED, and word of the totally nude swim meet was out, gave them an idea. They wanted to know if they could use the new natatorium, making sure to add that it was the one that many of their generous donations paid for. He also knew that there were student-taught lessons done by a nude female.
They thought it would be a kick to have at least one female lifeguard, and maybe a girl to run the bar. "I am sure you realize since they plan on reliving their school days by having a nude swim they want everybody to be nude. That put me on the spot, as other than approving the use of the facility for a reunion, I need to have no other connection to the event. I have you here to see if you are interested in talking to the president of the group and discussing the cost of what that would be. Since I can not be part of any more of this, here is his name and number it will be all on you to decide."
Well, I was interested, how could this be that bad, I had been fuck buddies with the wrestling coach, and he is twice my age. This was an association covering a lot of years, so I hoped most would be somewhat fit, and not just a bunch of old overweight men with big bellies and man breasts. I had no trouble knowing who to ask to be the naked bartender. I knew Tina was down and out as well and was staying with me when not living in her van. I also knew I could get another swim team member to act as a nude lifeguard, although we did not need one. They knew it, they just wanted one more naked college girl to look at.
So I called him and met him for lunch. He was a distinguished man 40ish and he had insisted on meeting in an out-of-the-way place. He came in not a limo, but a black car with a driver. He did not try to hide his wedding ring, nor did he make any attempt at what I will call flirting. The only hint of what I assumed they were expecting came next. He made it clear we would be free to join them in the partying and gave me an amount that they were willing to pay. It was an amount that would pretty much solve both me and Tina's financial woes, and help me recruit the third girl. It was also mentioned that tipping by the guys would be encouraged.
I had to accept the offer and was well aware that I would probably end up doing more than sitting in the lifeguard chair knees open displaying my pussy and double D's for these guys. It was not like I had not fucked a group of roadies the summer before for no financial reward. I called Tina after the meeting and she was in, it would be enough to get her a room, or modest apartment for the next year while she got on her feet and maybe gave going to school a shot. I called a couple of the girls on the team I knew were on campus and snagged one. It was on!
I will move ahead to the party. Tina, Heather, and I arrived and stripped down as soon as the help left that set up the bar. A party bus pulled up and in walked the drunken group of well-dressed men, they seemed happy with what they saw, a naked bartender, me sitting on the lifeguard chair with my legs partly open, and Heather on the diving board getting ready to give them a welcome dive. Heather got all the attention, as she was taking her time, allowing her animated breasts, which were at least C Cups entertain the arriving guys.
(I had to interject, " Whoa, Wait a minute now! The deal was that when you got naked in the story, you two had to join me that way! " )
(Well they did, after we had fresh drinks they stood in front of me taking each other's clothes off. This was Tina's debut to me, and she was surprisingly fit for her age. Nice breasts and some abs showing. Then when Auntie pulled her friend's panties off, I saw my first perfect pussy ever. She looked like a 30-year-old model, not the nearly 40-year-old hot MILF my Auntie was. I can only describe it in words that it looked like an opening flower. My cock was hard again instantly, and my auntie was equally excited, as she started eating her friend out in front of me. I enjoyed watching but I wanted to pollinate that flower. I had never watched anything like this, especially seeing Tina cum as she did, she turned pink, and shook all over.)
(Soon I was back in between them on the sofa, but this time lying down, and all of us were naked. My head was in my auntie's lap, and my legs and thighs were draped over Tina's. Aunt Chrissie's attention was on my abs, rubbing them up and down. Tina's attention seemed to be on my cock, but she was not touching it yet. Tina was just teasing me, by running her hands all around it, in between my scrotum and thighs. I was ready for more story and maybe some more hand action as I listened.)
Now that you have seen Tina's body, her world-class pussy that I can't resist even myself, you will understand why she made more in tips.
It was more guys than I expected, and a bigger variety of ages, I did not think some of the less fit older guys would show up for a naked swim. With such a variety of builds and ages, the only thing that was the same was that they all had dangling penises mostly of average size. One of the older guys was an exception, he had a belly but yet was quite hung. His cock was big enough to overlook his age and belly. He was big enough flaccid, that he would have been a good fuck if it was just stiff. Ironically, we heard later that his nickname from his school days was Bull. The guy I had lunch with and another of the younger guys seemed to be in charge.
Even though I had some experience being around young men comfortable with their nakedness together, this was different. One of the theories of why the nude male rule lasted so long after it had any merit came to fruition. Despite their age, they were acting like a bunch of young frat guys. These men looked used to it, and for some reason being naked together bonded them. I can't say any of them acted gay, but they were not afraid to hug old friends that way, something I had never seen my swim students or male members of our team do while nude. I guess you can say they were bonded by the fact they all had their penises flopping around. It was men who made those decisions, so it was guys like these that made the nude male rule last well beyond any real justification.
They all had towels but not wrapped around them, they were folded, and they seemed to all stow them in their specific place, like one of the numbered seats in the stands. We found out that one of the reasons for that was where they stowed their cash for tips, and we wanted some of it. Tina got the first of the tips, as tender of the open bar. Guys were sitting or standing around her, and getting a drink or two. Even after they all had some drinks there was a big demand for the 4 bar stools in front of the portable bar. Heather and I could not figure out why. The ones sitting there seemed to be stuffing money into a big beer mug when they got up to leave. These tips were soon overflowing the mug, and seemed like bigger tips than a barmaid even at a topless place might get. We were now paying attention to the bar, something was up. We were not getting any tips at all in our roles.
We walked over closer, and there was Tina with her breasts practically resting on the bar. We could see her hands busy below the bar. When we got the right angle we could see she was taking turns jerking guys off through the openings between the floor and the bar. They were very courteous to each other, when one got off, he would give up his seat to the others. It was kind of fun to watch, you could tell when they could not keep still that they were close to getting off. The floor had to be getting pretty slippery with all that cum under the bar. We could see there were some large bills in the mugs, she was getting pretty good pay for a hand job back then.
"Do tell Tina, did you add it all up and know what the average was?"
"Well not for the hand jobs, but my legs got pretty covered in old guy cum. I made my big money in the pool after you and Heather disappeared in the gym with some guys that seemed older and wealthier by the wads of cash they had in their hands. I was then stuck with mostly younger ones sitting on the sides of the pool as I blew them. My jaw was starting to hurt, and there were cum ropes floating all around the pool after I gave my last one. I was busy but I saw you walking into the gym with the big dicked old guy they called a bull. You had him by the hand, I know you fucked him, no one could pass on a cock like that, how much did you make doing that?"
"Well I would have fucked him for free, he was so huge, and older guys know what they are doing."
We are getting ahead in the story, so back to what Heather and I did after we saw her tip mug overflow and us going to the gym, was to come up with a diving show. We were getting big bucks stuffed in our swim caps we left laying one on each side of the pool, we were not wearing them anyway. We found the more we bounced, and the more they drank, the more they tipped. It got pretty loud and crowded by the board. I was enjoying the adulation, just like my nephew is enjoying ours, look at that hard-on coming back.
I was doing all the dives that I knew would feature the private parts of my body. I even made up some new ones to better expose my pussy. The big hit was my big tits bouncing as I readied for them. I do remember feeling so sexy and so desiring to have this crowd watch me, I guess being sober made me more aware of this crowd than I was with the roadies. We found there was enough room to do a few dives off the board next to each other and in sync by counting off. That is when our caps started to fill, but we wanted more.
Since we were both good swimmers, we were then out amongst the guys in the pool, and some of you guys joined them when they found out we were letting them grope us. We used our underwater skills to swim around and them, bumping into dangling cocks, grabbing them, and running our hands over other parts of this smörgåsbord of naked older guys. We let them launch us in the air for dives, and had more than a few fingers go up our love holes.
We mingled after that, allowing them to feel us up some before we negotiated what it would cost for a trip to the gym to fuck. I was not sure Heather would go for it, she was a little more conservative than us. The money was too much to pass on, so she and I took two at a time each, and each did four guys there. Much better fucks than I got from the sweaty roadies, and we got paid big time. We did them in split-roast threesomes to speed things up, while the other four watched. I think they were surprised at how advanced we were compared to the average college-age girl. Maybe it is time for a break, the two of you need to get to know each other in a more carnal way, and we need some more drinks.
(At this point in the story, Tina had one hand on my balls and the other stroking my cock, and auntie was leaning over and letting me suck on her big breast. Telling the story had her turned on too. I guess for Tina, having a naked 20-year-old with a hard cock so handy helped get her ready. I was like any guy that age, I was buzzed and ready to fuck a MILF, and they could not resist a guy of my age as well. I needed fucked, and it did not matter to me which one it was that fucked me)
(I was glad my auntie chose her friend to go first, she told her to climb on. It was not long before she joined by sitting on my face, while hers was toward Tina and the two of them were kissing. I was pretty happy eating my auntie's pussy and having my cock ridden by Tina at the same time. It was my first real threesome. There I was holding Tina's ass cheeks as she rode my hard cock, and I ate out my auntie's pussy. It was a unique experience, I am sure being high helped.)
(I was lucky, as it would have been quite an experience for any guy of my age. It was about then when my auntie flooded my face with her love juice. I could feel it running down my neck as I filled Tina's pussy full of my seed. Her pussy felt just as good as it looked, and I could have been more sexually pleased. We all had to take some time to get our breath, then we had some more drinks. I was getting buzzed but had not caught up yet. Tina was the first to speak, she said.)
"Well, are you going to tell your nephew the rest of that story?"
Well OK, I guess I might as well, I am sure my reputation as a little old auntie died when I started telling these stories to him, leading me to fucking my nephew.
It was getting close until the guys had to leave the building, so we were having drinks with them. There is a saying the girls all get prettier at closing time, I don't know about that. I do know that the more drinks, the bigger the guy's cocks look, you would have thought I had enough. I have to say that age does not matter as much either when you're drinking. There was more, but a limited amount of debauchery at that point.
Some discussion, or convincing I guess came next. We ended up locking our money in our lockers and then getting on the party bus in only towels, minus Heather, she had enough. It was a short ride, and we sat up front on display, I think we made the driver miss a turn. We ended up in a huge suite with the two guys that seemed to be in charge. I found out later that they were two of the biggest donors to the college swim program. That's when things got weird, first, we were escorted into the hotel in only our towels, and taken to a suite.
With the Dead, we had done peyote, LSD, and smoked a lot of pot. We were aware, or I was of cocaine, and that it was becoming popular in powder form, and snorted. This was all before songs like Cocaine and the use of it became more commonplace. I guess our guys being younger were more with the times, and able to afford Cocaine. Lines were put down on the table, and we were invited to try one. Well, I was apprehensive mostly because of a lack of knowledge of it other than it being mentioned in one of my biology classes as a mind-altering drug. Well you know your auntie, I wanted to try it and was first two take a line. When I lifted my head I was amazed, my view of the world was changed. There was no waiting for it to take effect.
Tina was at one time our leader, but she was the most hesitant. Seeing me not spasming or anything, she did a line. The guys followed, they did more than us, so they had used it awhile. We were already naked, but they were not. So we looked at each other and thought, why not I guess. We started kissing and running our hands all over each other as the guys stripped off their clothes. We ended up on the King bed, with our heads in each other's pussies. I did not pay much attention to them but knew they were watching us, then I saw them not being able to keep their hands off their own, and later each other's cocks.
We did not want to stop, and they seemed to be enjoying both the show and each other.
Tina and I got in a 69 and continued to eat each other out, Tina has always turned me on and still does. Once this display and each other's handwork had the guys all worked up and hard, they joined us on the bed, they too were a couple of the same sex. Tina and I were busy, they had hard-ons we were not ready for yet.
Soon there was some serious Bi-sex between the two of them as well. It was just oral, not that taboo in those days as I told you in other stories. The biggest rock stars practically bragged about it. I had already witnessed it before, the difference was they were older. It was a first for Tina I think seeing guys in a 69. It did not bother me, the opposite, the coke made it turn me on even more than when I had a caught my boyfriend and his roommate working each other's cocks. Guys think they are the only ones that like to see the other sex go at it. Seeing guys sucking cock turns some of us on too, probably more of us than are willing to admit it. There was no swallowing, it was purely just for the feeling of being taken care of. They seemed to be just as into pleasing the other.
I remember having some penis envy. Sucking a dick is much less complicated than eating a pussy. I guess that is why girls are so much better at oral.
We were fucked up, and getting really into seeing these guys suck each other's cocks, so we got involved. We were both watching, and putting our hands on other parts of their bodies until they lost interest in each other. Neither got off, I don't think they wanted to. I am not sure if I wanted to see a guy cumming on another guy, or in his mouth. It was just something for them to do while waiting for us to get done I guess.
It was a wild night, we did more crazy shit. I did not know how accurate my memory was even the next day because of the booze and Cocaine. Coke in itself is a scary drug, don't ever do it, it's not a good thing to feel invincible, open to anything that sounds fun. What I think I remember was the four of us on the hotel balcony fucking. If anyone was up that late and watching from across the courtyard, they would have gotten a pretty good show. It was weekend night so someone had to get a glimpse of our breasts hanging over the guardrail, maybe even our pussies through the gaps.
"Is this how you remembered Tina?"
"I remember getting my pussy pounded as I looked over to see your Double D's swinging back and forth, my little C's probably may have not been visible that far away, but your tits probably were. I know there was little effort made to not bring attention to ourselves by any of us, you were yelling, asking for more cock, and harder."
I know we leaned over the guardrail taking cock long enough to change partners a few times. I think we wanted to try two cocks,l and they wanted two different cunts in that session. If one of us would have had anything kind of STD, we all would have had it after that. The naked fucking on the balcony was not the finale, we had sex till the coke wore off, and we passed out. We tried new stuff, it was my first DP, and I was afraid to try it till I watched Tina get off, and acting like she just saw God. Next thing I knew I was in position waiting for a dick in each hole myself. I had a similar reaction as she did, but I think being fucked up was part of it. I found out why you need lots of lube for a true DP, my bunghole was pretty sore the next day, maybe longer.
We woke up to an empty suite, I don't know how they got their shit together as well as they did. First, we were in a panic, we had brought no clothes with us, only school towels. We just wanted to get out of there at that point, we did not think ahead, but our guys being older decent guys did, guys our age would not have. On the dresser was a note and two thousand dollars to split. I would have hitchhiked naked if I had to for that kind of money back then. We found out later that we had almost that much in tips in our lockers. There was a note, a typical had a good time note, etc.. It said they prepaid a cab for us, all we had to do was call the desk and ask for Howie. It said that he was also aware that we would be wearing hotel robes that they paid for. We called him, and they took care of it, he escorted us to the back of the hotel by the pool. I guess he figured it would be a little less obvious place than the front.
There was another benefit for me and Wendy after that, I am guessing the school got tipped too. The Dean made sure we were taken care of in several ways, I was a good student, 3.5 normally, but that year I was a 4.0. Getting my grades up was a help in getting me to get into grad school. Tina was then enrolled as an undergrad. We all three had passes to the cafeteria show up in our mailbox as well as other perks. It was nice to not have to teach that last year, but I did anyway. I was getting a new group of students with new young cocks to sample. Freshmen are mostly virgins, so in addition to swimming, I taught them how to please women as well.)
That's it, now is it my turn on that young cock?
(I could see that Tina was surprised that auntie was actually going to fuck me in front of her. It made it more taboo for auntie and I being watched. We gave her a good show, and has already gotten off twice I lasted a long time. We were both so turned on being watched doing something at the very least frowned upon. We did it several ways as Tina looked on and eventually was playing with herself. I was about to take her doggie when she saw what Tina was doing. Being a good friend, she moved over to her and started to eat her out. That left auntie's big MILF ass facing me. I slid my cock in her and reached around for her double Ds. I was enjoying it but I or auntie never got off, only Tina.)
( " So we switched places, Tina dove into auntie's pussy and got to work pumping Tina from behind. Tina got her off twice before I shot my load in her. It may have been meager, but the feeling was just as good.)
(We were all three pretty wasted at that point, booze, pot, and sex does that, so we headed to aunties' bedroom. I woke up the next morning between the two of them, it was them sharing the morning wood that woke me.)
I found out a guy just can't have too many double blow jobs. I sure hoped she had more stories, and more sex lessons for me, I have a hunch that she does.)