This is a true story which happened a few years ago. I tend to be conservative, but with a wild streak which once in a while reveals itself. Sometimes a very small choice to indulge my exhibitionist interests leads to additional small choices linked together to form one of my adventures. Just a warning, my stories are detailed and slow to buildup for some readers. In Chapter 1, I had taken the plunge and agreed to pose for the class. While having some second thoughts, I decided to go back for another session. In Chapter 2, my session went a little late while one student kept going and things became less than professional.
* * * * *
The two weeks passed by quickly and I flew back down for another scheduled work training. This kind of work is not easy. You can try and anticipate the questions, but there are always surprises. Tuesday afternoon came and I was anticipating tonight's modeling session. However, work was not cooperating and I was running late. I had intended to go back to my hotel for a shower and a change of clothes, but I ended up being late to the school still in my 'work clothes'.
Training had been at a high level that day as I had been making presentations to the senior management team on project status. Consequently, I had been dressed fairly sophisticated with a black skirt and matching jacket over a white silken blouse. I had gotten enough tan to never wear nylons in the hot climate, but I looked the prim and proper business woman as I entered class late.
Dr. Reynolds and the class were talking as I came in.
"Oh good, we wondered if you were going to make it tonight."
I directed my comments to Dr. Reynolds, but I was essentially speaking to the entire class, "I am so sorry everyone. I had an unexpected hectic day. Sorry to make you wait."
Dr. Reynolds said, "Hey, no problem. We were talking about contingencies of still life; we can go back to the regular program now."
He was smiling, so I got the message he was relieved and nobody was really put out by my lateness. I went back to the changing room to get ready. I was removing my jacket and stepping out of my shoes when Dr. Reynolds stood by the doorway.
"Beth, I am glad you made it. No problem being late. I was just going to ask if next time you could give me a call if for any reason you have to cancel."
I said, "Yeah, I am sorry about that. I did not realize until the end I was running behind. But I did leave a message for you."
I started to unbutton my blouse as we were talking.
He replied a little embarrassed, "Oh sorry, when did you call?"
"I called late, you were probably already in class by the time I called your office. Sorry I waited so long."
I had taken off my blouse and was now standing in my bra. He was engaged in the discussion, but he did not miss a thing as he watched me undress too. He probably was glad for the excuse. I found it interesting he was not totally immune to working with nude models.
He replied, "Well, I probably should have known someone like you would call."
I smiled and slipped off my skirt. These were my good clothes, so I tried to lay them out carefully to avoid wrinkling. I was wearing very nice lingerie that day, all white but of the fancier variety. The blouse was a little sheer, so if I had to remove my jacket, I had some lacy look. I had been leaning over with my back to him while laying out my clothes and he probably enjoyed that look.
I said, "Sorry I did not have time to get rid of the lingerie before coming. Hopefully the marks will not last too long."
He said, "Actually we might consider having you wear the lingerie, they are nice."
Then he changed his mind as I paused, "Let me think about that. Go ahead and finish getting undressed Beth."
I slipped off my bra and panty and as usual, my nipples were prominent because he was watching. He gave the good act of simply trying to decide whether it was best for me to be nude as planned or keep on my undies as he watched.
"Do you remember the poses Beth?"
I replied I had left the photocopies at the hotel, but I remembered them. He told me we would plan to do two poses tonight as the students would be drawing. There were three poses I remembered; one standing, one reclining and one sitting. I showed him the standing one and he thought it would be a good one with which to start.
I came out and the students were all set up and ready to go. I smiled at everyone and I saw James in particular had a big grin. I gave him a subtle smile in return and went to my position. This pose called for leaning back against a column. My shoulder was to be pressed back against the column and my hips would be away. My right arm closest to them was hanging down and relaxed and my left hand reached up as if touching my own left shoulder. My right leg was extended straight and my left knee was bent with my foot behind for some balance.
I was fully nude for this pose; there was really no place to hide. Dr. Reynolds made a couple of slight adjustments to the pose, but he was soon satisfied and the students were already at work. As they drew, they would look up at me, then back at their drawing pads. Every once in a while my eyes would connect with James and he would always give a little smirk.
I wondered whether he could concentrate on his work or was recalling our little rendezvous from before. I thought about how just a few short feet away from where I was standing now we had enjoyed the spontaneous moment. I recalled his hard dick and I could feel my pussy tingle.
As before, there was an exhilaration to be nude in front of people. Also as before, I liked the sensation. I still had no idea what went through the mind of the students or Dr. Reynolds minds. I could either talk to James about that if I wanted to know more, or I could just use my imagination.
Dr. Reynolds went from student to student offering advice. They seemed to respond well to his style. I was in engineering where frequently the instructors were demanding, but perhaps art is a different situation.
We had been going for about 25 minutes when we took a break. I sat down in the change room and came out wearing my robe after a couple of minutes. I walked around to the various students; they were happy to show their work so far. There was some polite conversation. Amanda was again doing very nice work as well as Eric, so it was first of all interesting how the talent levels were consistent. She was friendly as before.
She turned bright red when I said, "Very nice, how about we switch places for a while?"
I quickly continued, "Just kidding. I was at a restaurant where the sign said 'the bank does not make tacos, we don't cash checks!'"
She laughed and said, "I don't think anybody wants to draw me."
I said, "Well, that is absolutely not true, but I cannot draw at all, so maybe we should just keep it this way. Maybe next time."
I had placed my hand on her shoulder during this and gave her a little squeeze. We smiled at each other. I was confident she knew I was just teasing. I had not made it all the way around before the break ended, so I resumed my place and pose as before.
The pose was not too tough to hold and I went without another break all the way through to the pose change at the hour. I went around again at the break with my robe and this time went behind James. Again the superior quality compared to the others was evident. I wondered how much of it was inherent talent and how much had been previous training.
I leaned over to look and he whispered, "I missed you"
I mouthed silently, "Later."
We moved into a sitting pose where I was facing everyone. I had my legs spread very wide but with a white silk drape over my pussy. My arms were also spread wide with my hands on each end of the sofa. A very serene but inviting pose. He wanted me to give a bit more of a smile than usual. Once again it was a little awkward when he was positioning the drape and his hands were close to my pussy.
I relaxed and let my mind wander during this session. We finished up for the evening. I think James had the idea to pull out his prior canvas and paints and ask for another extended session, but Dr. Reynolds was moving everyone along. I went around and took a quick look at the drawings as before.
When I was looking at James' sketch, I whispered, "Wait outside."
I walked away without waiting for a response, but when I was at the doorway I looked back and he gave me a subtle nod. I went back into the changing room and started to get dressed. I had my bra and thong on when Dr. Reynolds came in.
He said, "I am rushing to get out tonight, would you mind much if we did the check next session."
I told him that was fine and he continued, "I was planning to invite another model for Thursday. It would be another woman for some duo posing if you are OK with that."
I paused to consider it, and told him I thought it would be alright, but I asked if he had some idea of the poses.
He said, "I don't have the poses with me, but it would mainly be side by side, maybe some subtle touching, nothing sexual looking. I can show you the poses if you want to come early and approve; I just want to know if I can go ahead and invite the other model?"
I told him to go ahead, but thanked him for asking first. I think he wanted to continue the conversation and watch me get dressed, but I think he did have to be somewhere, maybe pick up kids, and he left. I put on my clothes and walked out to the studio. James was already gone, but several students were still putting their supplies away. I spoke to several of the class and they were all very polite and friendly. There were a few questions regarding my attire and I think people were very surprised when they learned about my real job. Maybe some degree of being impressed.
I walked out and saw James waiting. I did not want anyone to see us together.
I walked a little away from him but I said so only he could hear, "Wait at the tennis courts."
I walked over to my car and drove out of the parking lot. I drove right past James and kept going for a couple of minutes. I then turned around and came back where he was standing. He figured out what I was doing and walked over and got in. I turned once he got in, instead of driving past the art school.
"Hi James, how are you?"
He reached over and touched my hand and gave it a squeeze, "I have been going crazy waiting to talk to you."
We chatted about how each of us had been, basically small talk. I asked him if he wanted to get something to eat as I had very little to eat all day and was hungry. He was not starving, but he could grab something small with me. I told him I wanted to change clothes first.
He said, "Sure, I am flexible."
I drove to my hotel while we continued talking. We pulled into the parking lot when I suddenly realized it was going to get awkward. I had not at all decided if I was going to let anything happen. I was glad we had already gotten over the awkward first phase. I had thought we would talk more over some food and see how things went. In hindsight, I should have thought about whether he had any expectations. Now what do I do; invite him up to the room while I change or ask him to wait?
I was still thinking about what, if any, kind of repeat performance I might entertain. But for sure I would have cut it off if anything had been taken for granted.
My concerns were immediately alleviated when James said, "Take your time Beth, I'll wait out here."
I looked over at him again, but fresh this time. He was still very shy, very innocent. He had clearly not known how seeing me again would go. But something about the unassuming attitude appealed to me.
He had obviously been nervous about seeing me again, happy but anxious. I turned off the car and looked at him and looked at him, "OK, but can I have a hug first?"
That must have been a good tension reliever as he suddenly got back the big grin, "I was hoping for that too."
We each embraced each other and held it.
I said, "You are very sweet James. It's OK if you want to come up. I'll just be a minute and then we can go. But it's up to you."
He was happy to have been invited, but clearly he was relieved to have not had to choose. The hotel had a main lobby entrance but also side entrances near the parking lot. I had to use my room key to enter this way, but it avoided having to walk through the lobby.
We got to the room and I turned on the lights. The maid had straightened the room but the room was hot. I hit the air conditioner. The room was small, but the bathroom and closet were in a little hall off the main bedroom.
He sat on the chair in the corner facing the bed. We were talking about what kind of restaurants would be open and what we wanted while I started getting undressed. I took off my jacket in front of him and walked away to hang it up.
We were debating about pizza or burgers as I started to unbutton my blouse. He was trying to be nonchalant while trying not to stare. I had undone enough that my bra could now be seen. Even though he had seen me fully nude and we had our previous encounter, it was clear I needed to decide whether to change in the hallway or just be completely open about it.
I said, "James, would it be better if I changed in the bathroom?"
I did not want to tease him and my question had seemed to sink in to him as though what had happened previously was not going to be repeated.
He smiled, "I guess you know I would like to watch, but if you would be more comfortable……"
I did not reply, but I thought to myself his response was very polite and sophisticated, but also very honest.
In response, I finished unbuttoning my blouse and walked over to hang it up. I was on the other side of the room from James, but in his view I then unzipped my skirt and put it away.
I picked out my jean skirt and my black tank top and tossed them onto the bed. Earlier had not been intended to tease, but I now intended to provide a tease, although now a deliberate and intentional one.
I said, "I need black undies for this."
He had a subtle smile as I unhooked my bra and let it fall off. He got a slightly larger smile as I started to slip off my white thong. Just like the movies, I picked it with my toes and kicked it over to him, landing on his lap.
Even though he had viewed me nude now on several occasions, there is just something about stripping in front of someone which is just plain naughty. I stood there looking at him and then walked away, turning back with a smile as I went to the hallway to get the black lingerie. I came back into the room and he was coming toward me. He took me in his arms and we kissed. Our tongues quickly found each other and soon I felt his hands move down to squeeze my butt.
We backed away from each other and I reached down to pull up his shirt, "Let's get rid of these."
He did not help much but he certainly did not object as I stripped him down quickly. When I unbuckled his pants, I could see he was already hard although I avoided touching him directly.
When he was nude, I pulled him back toward me and I went back to the bed. He willingly followed, with his dick sticking straight out. I lay down and he started to lie down on top of me. I smiled and flipped him over on his back while I rolled on top of him. His dick was rubbing against my leg but I shifted position to kiss him first.
He kissed me tenderly as before while I found his dick with my hand and stroked it.
"I missed you James."
"I missed you too," he grinned.
He reached up to squeeze my breasts. It felt so good, but I shifted down to kiss his chest, then his stomach and then my lips found the tip of his cock. He was fully hard, and he smelled and tasted clean as I slid my mouth over him. He moaned but it did not stop him from reaching his hand to first my lower thigh and then higher. When his fingers found my pussy I almost gasped. I was absolutely dripping wet when I felt his fingers explore the outside and then as he slid a finger inside me.
I could not wait any longer. I lifted my head up and climbed up on top of him. I slid the end of his cock around the entrance to my pussy and then lowered just a little as he was positioned correctly. I then lifted my head up to look at James as I began to lower myself onto his cock.
He had this look of ecstasy as I mounted him. I felt my pussy expand to take his cock, but I was fully wet and I lowered down without any pain, only pure pleasure. I went down little by little until he was totally inside me. The feeling as he slid inside me is just magic. It is almost as if I can feel every ridge and vein during the initial slow penetration.
When he was fully inside me, I ground myself against him and felt him against the walls of my pussy. He opened his eyes and we both smiled at each other. Neither of us said anything as I lifted up and then down again.
I was so horny and he had been so sweet, but now that I was riding him, it seemed as though he was losing his innocence. Sometimes there is a fine line between making love and fucking, and I think we went back and forth over that line several times as my pussy plunged up and down on his hard cock.
At one point, I became surprised as I realized it was strange he had not cum quickly as before. I was not sure of the reason, but I was glad. We looked at each other again and smiled. I rolled off and lay on my back as he quickly shifted position and climbed on top of me.
He wasted no time finding my pussy with his hard cock. He started to pump me, but at first he was a little tentative.
I reached down to grab his ass and then wrapped my legs around his back when he was in all the way.
"Yeah, like that."
He lost the inhibitions then and started to plunge in harder and faster. It was only about 10 or 20 seconds when I could feel an orgasm building.
My orgasm came on hard and lasted long. He paused when it was first coming, but I gasped, "No, don't stop."
He got the message and kept pumping me. My orgasm came in waves and was beautiful. I began to relax and he started going a little slower, more tender.
He said, "Was that what I think it was?"
I smiled at him, "Yes, you made me cum."
He seemed to be pleased with himself and started to fuck me harder again. It was only a short time later when he pulled out of my pussy and shot a big stream of his cum onto my stomach. Another smaller spurt came out and then he lifted up to kneel and grabbed his cock in hand to stroke it. A bit more came out and dribbled onto my pubic area.
I lifted my hands and pulled him to me. He lay on top of me and we kissed. Then we rolled over onto his back and we embraced.
"Beth, you are unbelievable."
"Thank you James, I think you are very special too."
I realized the blowjob at the school and now this had made me feel 18 again. The lovemaking was very special and I felt as though I was glowing. We cuddled for a few minutes.
I said, "C'mon, let's get dressed. I really am starving and we need to get you back. I need to work in the morning."
He came back, "Could I stay tonight?"
It felt good to cuddle with him and the idea was appealing. But I really did need to work early and it was going to be another high profile day.
"Maybe. Let's talk about it as we go."
I was smiling at him though and returned it. I gave him a short kiss and got up to go to the bathroom. I cleaned myself off and came back out to the bedroom where James was already getting dressed. I caressed his back gently and then gave him a hug from behind and started to get dressed myself.
I slipped on my thong and jean skirt.
He walked over and caressed my breasts and then leaned down to lick my nipples.
He said, "I think you should leave the bra here."
I smiled and slipped on my black tank top. I don't go braless too often; it is certainly a different look for me. However, I did not expect to run into anybody.
We walked out with his arm around my waist as we went out to my car. When we were inside he put his hand on my thigh. It felt nice and once again, the whole thing reminded me of when I was in high school.
We headed out to one of the local bars where we were going to get something quick to eat. The place was not too crowded and our food came pretty quickly.
We could talk without being overheard. I told him I would like to have him stay over, but I needed to sleep and I held his hand while suggesting he might like to do more than sleep.
He smiled and admitted I might be right. I almost relented, the thought of spending the night with him was attractive, but I also knew I was going to be busy for dinner the next night and then Thursday after the next modeling session would be tough because of the morning flight.
But I really could not go in the next day exhausted so I reminded him there would be a next time.
We left the bar. James was disappointed, but he understood and believed my reasons. However, he did rub my thigh again as we drove and I did not stop him as he reached under my skirt and rubbed his finger against my pussy.
We got to the parking lot at his dorm but instead of pulling up to drop him off close to the door, I pulled to a quiet part of the lot so we could at least have a nice kiss good night.
I pulled his hand away from my pussy, "We can't start that here. However……"
I put my hand over his shorts and felt his hard cock.
I said, "See, you had no intention of sleeping."
I unfastened his shorts and pulled out his hard dick. I stroked it a few times while I kissed him. Then I shifted positions and dove on his cock.
I had previously given him a slow and gentle blowjob before, at least to start. This time was different. I intended to get him off quickly.
I rubbed his balls while I sucked him deeply and urgently. It was interesting, but I knew before I started that if I sucked him like this, he would cum quickly. The strange thing had been how long he had held out when we fucked. It was not long at all until I felt him tense up. As he had cum in my mouth before, he did not try to pull me away this time when I felt his orgasm coming.
He shot off and I lifted my head. He shot again and it landed on my mouth and chin. I took him in my mouth again and sucked him until he relaxed. Finally I lifted off again and wiped his cum off my chin with my finger. He was staring intently as I licked it off and then swallowed. He tasted sweet.
I looked at him and said, "Sweet dreams baby."
He responded by hugging me tightly, but he could not quite bring himself to kiss me.
He got his shorts back on and then leaned over to give me a kiss, although it was just a peck. He turned and waved back as he walked away. I returned his wave and then drove back to the hotel. I was feeling no guilt at all from having sex with this young guy. Instead, I was reveling in the feelings it had given me and caused me to reminisce about some old boyfriends from school.
I found it interesting how the posing, or at least the entire circumstance, was loosening me up. If I had run across a young guy like James under normal conditions as in a store, restaurant, etc, something like this would never have occurred. I thought about the need to be careful going forward and to make sure I had considered the implications before acting.
The thoughts of Thursday's session where Dr. Reynolds was going to have another female model present ran through my mind the following day when I was getting ready to go to the company. What kind of feelings would this promote? What kind of model would she be; looks and personality? It was both exhilarating to consider, but again somewhat nerve wracking.
About noon, my concerns over the modeling session were discarded when I needed to leave early to fly back home to my office. We had some investor groups coming in and I was told they had some questions for which I would be the champion.
I let Dr. Reynolds know I could not make Thursday. He was fine with it and appreciated the advance warning. I got back on the late flight home Wednesday night and met with the visitor groups as requested. It ended up being good I came back, as we ended up doing something with this group and indeed they did had some due diligence questions for which I was the expert.
However, I also let my mind wander during some of the lulls in the action about what I would be missing later that evening at the art class. I further wondered what the investor groups, or for that matter my boss and coworkers, would have thought had they any inkling of my secret "other job". If I had a sly smile sometimes during the meeting, I also wondered what went through people's minds as they caught my expression.
The best laid plans are sometimes made to be broken as I also ended up canceling the company visit two weeks later. I did an unplanned trip to Asia, visiting Japan and Hong Kong. Dr. Reynolds took my changing plans in stride again; acknowledging I had been candid with him about my schedule from the very beginning.
My thoughts also drifted to James. He did not have my email or phone number and I had not tried to contact him to let him know of my changing plans. I did not want to be cruel about that, but I also thought there was some benefit to him not being led on about a budding relationship. I knew he could be having some poor thoughts about me for the seeming uncaring gesture, but I concluded it would be better this way and to go with the flow.
I made it back practically a month later. Dr. Reynolds told me he was not sure if it would be a solo session or not, but was grateful when I let him know my timing and that I was flexible.
So when I arrived at the company that day, knowing I would be modeling again in the evening, I really had no idea what to expect. Like clockwork, the day did not go as expected. I had another really hectic day at the company. I was out in the factory for a good portion, where it was really hot, and I was again running late.
I was not happy at all that I would not have time to go back to the hotel and shower first, but headed directly to the school in my 'work clothes'. I had worn a casual tan skirt and sleeveless white blouse that day which ended up being fortunate as I had been out of the conference rooms and in the hot factory. I had also put my hair up to keep cooler and this was how I showed up. I had not even had time to stop by the hotel and pick up my bag with my 'stuff'.
Dr. Reynolds was walking toward art class in the hallway as I came in the outer door, "Hi Beth. I am glad you made it, but it looks like you had another long day."
I replied joking, "Good, I am glad it is so obvious I am a little frazzled today."
He laughed, "Not at all, good to have you back."
We shook hands and he continued, "You are on solo tonight, but there is a good chance Karen will be here Thursday."
I said, "OK, no problem, but I don't really know what poses you have in mind today."
He was carrying a folder and waved it, "Don't worry, I have got them here."
We made it to the classroom when Dr. Reynolds announced, "Hey guys and gals, look what the cat dragged in!"
I got a few greetings and it felt nice to be welcome. I glanced over at James. He gave me a smile which I immediately took as he was just glad to see me and apparently held no grudge over my long time away.
I didn't make it back to the 'un-dressing room' right away as several of the students were asking me questions about my Asia trip; lots of questions about culture, art, what it was like, etc. Obviously, Dr. Reynolds had given an explanation for my absence. Apparently my stature had risen with the class from having a 'real job' to which they had been unaware.
Dr. Reynolds stood there looking amused for about five minutes of the discussion when he announced, "Well, I guess I was mistaken. I thought we had an art class tonight. I must have gone to the wrong room; it looks like we have a foreign studies group here."
Everyone got the good natured sarcasm, but this was college, not high school. He treated the students as adults and they in turn had their own personalities and interests. It was a very creative environment and it felt great to be part of such a dynamic. I guess you feel younger when you are around young people.
But we all took the hint and the students started getting their materials in order as I headed back, shepherded along by Dr. Reynolds.
He smiled at me and said, "I love being around students like this. They have their whole lives ahead of them and they are each still deciding what they want to do and what they want to be. Universities are a special place."
I smiled back and nodded, realizing we had been thinking along the same lines. He followed me back and came in the room with me. He closed the door about half-way, making it clear he was staying as I changed but not shutting the door to give the students any undue impression.
I remembered he had some 'semi-official business' to discuss with me last time also. So while I had the idea he was looking for an excuse to watch me change, I was not upset with him. After all, he had been very professional the entire time and never made any unwelcomed approaches.
I stared to unhook and unzip my skirt, "So, what have you got for me tonight?"
He opened up his folder and took out a few photos as I slipped off my shoes and slid off my skirt. My blouse was fairly long and had been tucked in, so thus far, he could now have a good view of my legs, but not much else.
He asked if I felt like sitting or standing first, wondering how tired I was after working all day.
"Thanks for asking, very thoughtful of you."
I told him I was not tired; so I was flexible. He selected a pose to begin which was a little unusual. I would be semi-seated, but with my legs on the floor straight out. I would be leaning on my elbows on the sofa.
I was looking at the photo, where the model was totally nude, when he continued, "I would have a small covering over you so not so much was exposed."
I had not yet finished undressing as he made the comment. I pulled my blouse up over my head and now stood with only my bra on as we talked.
I said, "OK, you are the boss, that pose looks fine."
He replied, "You are making the poses easy by the way, almost anything I could select, you would make look good."
I laughed, "You are way too diplomatic, but thank you very much. Sorry I did not have more time to get my underwear lines off."
He continued to look at me while he was looking at the poses. Once again, I got that he enjoyed this part. I decided to give him a little extra, so I turned my back to him and said, "Could you help me unsnap this?"
I waited with my back turned as he probably wondered what the right thing to do was. Without a sound, I felt his hand find his way to my bra and although he fumbled for a moment, he got it unhooked relatively quickly.
I did not say anything as I held up my bra in front of me and turned toward him. I caught him looking at me and then I dropped it to expose my breasts.
I said, "Thank you."
I dropped my bra on to the bench and now stood nude in front of him. The attention, as usual, had made my nipples hard.
He was giving me the overall once over and said, "My pleasure."
We both gave each other a smile and the he headed out into the classroom. I followed.
I got into my pose and Dr. Reynolds came over and slipped the silk covering over me to cover my pussy area.
I got the pose right and the students went to work. I again had many thoughts flashing through my mind as I watched them draw. Several times I caught James' eye for a fraction of a second.
We came to the first break and I went back to the dressing room to stretch. I came back out and finished this pose and we went to the next. This time I was standing with my back to the class, with my hands up-stretched as I balanced against the wall.
We continued uneventfully through the end of the session. During one break, I had wandered out to look at the drawings. I was amazed the results once again captured the same relative talent as in previous sessions.
We finished up and I went back to the changing room to get dressed. I had only gotten my lingerie on when Prof. Reynolds came in to thank me for the good session and ask if it was all right if he was able to arrange to second model to join on Thursday. I told him I was fine with it and finished getting ready to go.
James was lingering as I went out in the classroom. I faked looking at his drawing and whispered softly to him, "Thursday."
There was no real way to tell him I needed to leave quickly for an early day at the company.
It remained very busy for me. Wednesday came and went and during the day on Thursday I wondered whether Dr. Reynolds had gotten another model or not. Either way was OK, but it was intriguing not knowing. On the one hand, I was looking forward to the next experience, but also apprehensive not having done this part before.
The company work cooperated this time and I was able to get back to my hotel for a shower and to change. I put on some cutoff blue jean shorts and a black tank top without my bra and panties, which I put in my duffel bag.
I even got to the class maybe 10 minutes early. A couple of the students were already setting up, but James and Dr. Reynolds had not yet arrived. I was answering so more questions about my job and traveling overseas when Dr. Reynolds came in accompanied by who I suspected was my modeling partner for the evening.
She appeared to be about my height, perhaps about 25 years old, and had cocoa brown dark skin.
"Beth, I would like you to meet Karen. You two will be modeling together tonight."
I extended my hand, "Nice to meet you Karen."
She had a wide smile as we shook hands, "You too."
Some of the other students were arriving then too and there were some introductions all around. Apparently Karen had modeled for a previous year class and also posed for the photography class on more of a regular basis.
The students were getting set up when Dr. Reynolds pulled out the intended poses. One pose was standing; with one model behind and slightly off to the side. The other pose was of a similar style, but reclining. Dr. Reynolds explained this style worked well from his experience to highlight the contrast in skin color. We both looked at each other and nodded our agreement.
Karen and I headed off to the dressing area. She was very casual about taking off her clothes and I felt the same way. While we were about the same height, as I mentioned earlier, there was also a lot of contrast. I had the toned athletic type build, while she was heavier. I would say she had a lot more curves in general, although her breasts looked to be somewhat similar.
I told her that I had been modeling for the class several times earlier, but never with another model and that in fact I had never posed with another person before and she should let me know if I was doing something wrong.
She said, "Don't worry about it. There is nothing too it. I'll help."
She headed out into the class area without a robe, just as casual as she could be. I had picked up my robe, but decided 'what the heck' and put it over my arm and headed out after her.
We approached Dr. Reynolds and he told us we would do the standing pose first.
He said, "I want Karen behind and off to the side."
He positioned us so my butt was against her hip. He then had Karen put her right arm around my waist so her hand laid flat against my stomach. He took my left arm and positioned it over Karen's right arm as if I was welcoming the embrace. He then had me reach back with my right arm which had been hanging freely and place my hand flat on Karen's outer thigh. I could feel her breast pressing against my back. He finally put her free hand on my shoulder resting casually.
He made some adjustments to our leg positions, I guess for symmetry. Then he stood back and circled, finally pronouncing he was happy with the pose. I was more exposed than Karen this way, but I doubt she would have cared had it been the other way.
The students got right to work. Dr. Reynolds was speaking to the entire class as they began.
"Notice the contrast in skin color as opposed to shadows. Sometimes it is tough to get it right, but don't worry. Try your best. Also notice the way their bodies have similar proportions, concentrate on the symmetry and form your overall plan.
Karen's skin was warm against mine. She spoke softly, "See, nothing too it. We just stand here for a while."
I could not see her expression, but she was right about it not being much different from posing solo.
Apparently the posing rules allowed conversation, because we carried on some Q&A to pass the time and Dr. Reynolds and the class did not seem to mind. I found out she was a local and the modeling was mainly a way to supplement her income.
I should also describe her as having medium length relaxed hair, nothing in the way of tattoos, but she did have a belly piercing. She had a nice face. I would say she was nice looking, but maybe would not be described as beautiful.
She spoke well and was friendly. She asked about what I did and she was really surprised as I described it. She was especially interested in the travel aspect. Both Karen and the class' immense interest in my travel had made me stop and appreciate it more, something I still try not to take for granted.
Our first break came up and we headed to the dressing room to sit down for a minute. She had brought a bottle of water and offered me a drink. I declined but thanked her.
I found out she had various jobs including working in an office part time and also dancing at a strip club once in a while. I was fascinated by that and asked many questions about what it was like. I had no intention of exploring that interest, but if she had been a race car driver, I would have asked about that instead.
We resumed our pose as she slid her arm along my side and over my belly again. I wrapped my arm over hers again. I felt her give me a little squeeze as Dr. Reynolds was satisfied again. I recognized the camaraderie and gave a squeeze to her arm in return.
During the entire time of the posing, the students were constantly looking at us and back to the drawing pads. James was working hard as usual, but a few times I would catch him looking me in the eye and give a little smile. Enough time had gone by since my last encounter with him that it might be a good time to cut off further outside of class meetings, but I had also enjoyed being with him and I had not made up my mind yet. Go with the flow.
I can never say posing nude in front of the class had become routine. After all, this was still a major, bold undertaking for me. I was still very happy to have taken the plunge. I had absolutely realized the nude posing was fulfilling an exhibitionist streak inside of me, yet doing it in a limited, controlled way. It would not have been the same had just anyone, at any time, been able to walk in and see me. Whereas at the nude beach, the idea of being on display for everyone had some appeal, there you could blend in to the surroundings and other people. This art class modeling was more personal, more of an individual thing where the viewers were not sharing the risk. Therefore, having this relatively small group being the ones looking was a way to temper the aspect of being on display.
All these feelings had not really changed by posing with Karen. In a way, she was part of the surroundings such as the sofa. On the other hand, I could feel the warmth of her skin against me. Once in a while she would shift her weight or move her arm a little. I could feel her breast slide against my back. Or she would give me a squeeze.
Our conversation was limited, in low tones, mostly small talk. I asked her how it felt different to pose for the photography class. She first replied it paid better, reminding me of our different priorities. I thought to ask more about her attitude of dancing at a strip club, but I thought it best not to do that in front of the group as maybe they did not know. She also commented about photography class being more fun, the varying poses were more work, but it was also more enjoyable. She did not come right out and say she found the art modeling to be boring, but it was implied. So our priorities mattered, as I was never bored.
I had reached a state of equilibrium; still thrilled to be posing nude in front of people, but also comfortable with the situation. I wondered to myself whether other people conduct such a self-analysis or just go with the flow.
Dr. Reynolds called another break; we would switch poses when we started up again. Karen and I headed off to the dressing room again. She started checking messages on her phone and was quickly started making calls. I put on my robe and went back out to check out the drawings. I had the impression Karen cared nothing about the results.
Some of the students had really shown improvement. Even to my untrained eye, I could make out how they had advanced. I commented on occasion when it had been so obvious. Each time I got a look as if they found the observation pleasing. Eric had moved some of his drawing technique to be more abstract. Very interesting and unusual style.
James had again stood out. His style was soft and compelling; the level of detail was extraordinary. He apparently worked much faster than the others; the level of completion was higher. His use of shadows and 'texture' came through. I thought if the drawings were all placed side by side in front of viewers, there would be no doubt which was the best.
I complimented his drawing, "James, that is really nice. I always enjoy seeing how I look on your work."
He looked up, "Thank you Beth. That means a lot."
I looked at him and he silently lifted his eyebrows as if asking if we were on for later; all implied but I knew what he was asking. I smiled and gave him a wink. He got the message.
I walked back in and Karen was still on the phone. Dr. Reynolds approached me and asked how I was doing.
I replied, "Well, that depends on you. Are you happy with the poses tonight?"
He quickly shot back, "Absolutely. I wish I was drawing instead of teaching. You two make a wonderful visual."
I said, "Then I am doing good."
Dr. Reynolds said, "I wish I had you around here more."
I smiled in return. I appreciated the different facets of the man. I had realized he had a little bit of the dirty old man going with the routine of watching me undress. Even though I was aware of it, I did not mind. But it was also wonderful how he cared about the students. It was very nice to see how he was skilled enough to help them; nurture them. And I also enjoyed how he could be professional and courteous toward me, but also how he sincerely seemed to care. When he asked me how I was doing, I had the clear impression he was not just asking out of ceremony, but that he actually cared.
We had been on break a little longer than usual and I could see he was looking over at Karen still on the phone. When she looked over at us, he tapped his finger on the face of his watch as if to tell her to end the call. She was still standing nude as she continued talking and actually turned her back on us.
I looked at Dr. Reynolds who looked a little put out. I said, "I can go a little longer tonight if you need me."
That brought him out of the funk as he looked down and smiled, "You're a good kid. Thanks."
I had not been called a kid much anymore, except by my family being the baby, but I took the comment in the positive way intended. He clapped his hand over my shoulder and then headed back to the main studio.
I went back toward Karen and took off my robe in her sight. She got the message and ended her phone call.
She said, "Sorry, I have got a problem with my car and it is hard to get a straight answer. My uncle is trying to get it repaired, but they keep asking for more money, which I don't have."
She then continued, "OK, let's go back."
Karen was clearly still agitated when we went back to the studio. For this pose session, Dr. Reynolds wanted me to recline against the back of the sofa and Karen was to lean back against me with her back against my chest. He had me lay back first. I leaned back and then Karen sat down as he set our positions. I had my legs spread apart at this point as he instructed. From this vantage point, he and some of the class had a pretty good look at my pussy. But it was brief and then Karen positioned herself against me with her head resting against my shoulder.
He had my leg nearest the students lying flat and my leg away from them was bent at the knee. He had Karen put her arm around that leg. He had my own arms wrapped over her torso with my hands brought together. He was careful adjusting the details of our position so her breasts were pulled out from under my arms giving a significant cleavage.
Once he had us the way he wanted us, we both relaxed. I could feel Karen's body melt against my own.
I whispered, "Sorry about your car, I hope it works out for you. I can give you a ride tonight if you want."
She replied, "That's nice of you, but I have my uncle's car here. This is just a total hassle and I need to find a different solution. But I appreciate your offer."
I gave her a bit of a harder embrace as we continued the pose. I would have liked to see how we looked together this way. Certainly our skin contrast would be quite vivid. I think the poses were also very well constructed and I could imagine the image would be excellent.
I was also glad Karen was a nice person. I had not thought of it before, but if she had been a jerk, it would have been awkward to be so close to each other this way.
We didn't talk much. I had the impression Karen was still thinking about the car trouble. I went back to thinking about the class, the posing, and enjoying the situation. I again got a smile now and then from James. I also saw Dr. Reynolds was very pleased with the pose and smiled at me.
This pose was very relaxing and it would have been easy to have fallen asleep this way, but I was too into everything going on around me. We got to a break and Karen and I went back to the dressing room. It felt good to stretch and walk around. I was glad she did not get back on the phone.
She said, "Sorry for earlier. It is just so frustrating."
I replied, "Hey, no problem. I am sorry you are going through the trouble."
Karen said, "I like posing with you. Very gentle. I think it would be fun to pose for the photography class together."
I described my concerns, but I agreed it would be fun. I said, "I'll do it if they let me wear a mask."
Karen laughed at that and said, "OK, I understand you don't want anyone to know you are a naughty girl. So why don't you come to the club and dance with me."
I laughed at that, "No way in hell I am going to dance naked in front of a bunch of drunken guys. There is a zero chance in a million of that happening."
She just laughed, "OK, but if you change your mind, let me know. Ready to go back in?"
We walked in arm in arm, sisters in profession. As we climbed back into position and resumed our pose, I had all kinds of daydreams about the photography and dancing offers. Really, to be honest, both ideas held a fascination, but I also knew I was absolutely going to draw the line here. Even if I thought there could be the smallest chance of considering either option, I knew I would want to carefully consider the implications and sweat the details first.
We relaxed back into our pose. Karen's warm skin felt nice in the cool environment of the studio. Opposite our last pose, Karen was the one more exposed this time although it was clear she could care less.
We got to the end of the session and I was glad it was over, but also regretting it was over as it was one more chapter in my journey. Karen had no desire to check out the student's work, but I went around quickly. I did not take the time to collect my robe as I walked around nude behind their easels. Once again James' work led the way, but several of the drawings were excellent.
Dr. Reynolds gave me a smile and I headed back to the dressing room. Karen was already dressed. Wow, she was quick and clearly wanted to leave.
She gave me a slip of paper with her phone number, "I am serious about the photography posing or dancing together. I think it would be dynamite. Call me if you change your mind or have questions."
We gave each other a quick hug and she was out the door. Dr. Reynolds handed her a check and they agreed to talk about the next session. He came into the room and handed me a check for the several classes we were behind on.
He asked me, "Well, how did you like posing with her."
I answered truthfully, "I liked it very much. I think the drawings and the poses turned out very nice. She was nice."
He replied, "Yes, the pose with you two together was outstanding. I am very, very pleased. Karen is a handful, with a lot of baggage, but the images are always great. Just another part of my job, managing the talent."
I smiled at that, "I think you do a very good job."
With that, I reached into my bag and pulled on my panty while we continued talking.
I said, "I get too comfortable walking around naked, one of these days I am just going to walk out of here forgetting to put my clothes on."
He knew I was not serious, "I can think of a lot of people out there who would not be upset by that."
I put on my bra and said, "Maybe the police might not appreciate it."
"I know the guys in the police department; girl, are you wrong."
I laughed at that and slipped on my tank top and shorts. Dr. Reynolds was still a gentleman, but I could see he liked the part of watching me dressing and undressing.
I said, "She thinks we should pose together for the photography class."
He raised his eyebrows, "Well, it would be stunning of course, but I think she is looking to make some extra cash. You know you would always be welcome."
I said, "Thanks, but I am comfortable where we are at. I guess you would also be surprised she thinks we should dance at the strip club together too."
He replied almost in shock, "Tell me you are not considering that!"
I relieved his fears, "No, don't worry about that. No chance."
I thought it was strange, but he seemed almost upset by the thought. As if I could not compromise my artistic integrity.
I continued, "No, my concerns I mentioned to you are still the same."
He replied, "For the photography class, there is a chance I could persuade you our security with the negatives is good enough for you to be comfortable."
But he saw me shaking my head no and finished, "But you will let me know if that is something you want to talk about."
I shook my head positively and finished collecting up my things. We walked out together. By this time, the entire class had left. I wondered if James would be waiting outside for me.
We talked about the next session in a couple of weeks. He did not really have a clear plan yet, but thought he might try and arrange another model, but it was left vague.
He said, "You don't seem to need a lot of preparation on the poses. Now that I know you don't mind posing with another model, I have some more flexibility. Let me know if you run into any scheduling problems."
I touched his arm, "Thank you."
He locked up and we walked out together. As we went to the cars, I could see James in the distance waiting at the tennis courts. I already had decided I was looking forward to seeing him and I felt a nice tingle.
I got in the car and followed Dr. Reynolds out to the main road. I turned in the opposite direction and then doubled back after a little bit. I drove by the tennis courts and James saw me coming. He got up and walked to the car.
I rolled down the window, "Hey Rembrandt, need a lift?"
He smiled and got in. Even though I was still in the road, we each leaned toward each other and hugged.
He started, "I missed you a lot."
"I missed you too."
We got caught up in what had been going on in each other's lives. I asked if he was hungry as I had not eaten. We drove to a local place and got a pizza.
I was content he understood our boundaries together. We were not going to become an item, but we both enjoyed each others company. After eating, we went back out to the car and he leaned over to kiss me.
I greedily returned his kiss. Our mouths were exploring each other and then I felt his hand on my thigh and then my breast. I felt immediately on fire. I slid my hand down and found his hard dick through his shorts and rubbed him. We continued kissing with our hands all over each other.
I pulled back and said, "I need to take you back to my place, but in the meantime……"
I reached down and started to unsnap and unzip his shorts, "But I am not sure I can wait that long."
I pulled out his hard dick and stroked it a couple of times. I looked around the parking lot. There were a lot of cars near us, but there was no one around at the moment.
I dove onto his cock and felt his hot cock slide into my mouth. His skin and was smooth and hard at the same time. I sucked him a couple of times and then lifted up to look around again.
I said, "Let's go."
I started the car and pulled out of the lot, but once we were driving, I continued to gently squeeze and stroke him.
He had the license to also do some exploring and his fingers rubbing my pussy through my shorts. I was absolutely hot for him. Just one of those times when I wanted to be fucked.
He undid my shorts and soon he had a finger in my pussy. When he pulled up his hand I grabbed his arm and pulled his hand to my mouth and licked his fingers.
We drove on, but clearly I was having a hard time focusing on driving. We finally made it to the hotel parking lot. I wanted to get up to the room fast, but he had me lift up and lower my shorts and panty. He started to finger fuck me in the parking lot. My pussy was wet and on fire. He almost brought me to orgasm like that, but pulled him away and insisted we go inside.
We walked arm in arm through the lobby. When we got to the elevator, he immediately kissed me again and his hands were all over my ass, squeezing me and pulling me toward him.
We got into the room and closed the door. Right there in the hallway, two steps inside, I dropped down and slid his shorts down to expose his hard cock. I relaxed myself but deliberately took almost all of him in my mouth at once and sucked hard. I did not want him to get off yet though. Something had come over me and I really wanted to feel him inside me.
We went to the bed and he threw me down laughing. He immediately pulled at my shorts and panties. I still had my top on, but James sunk down and started to lick my pussy. It felt marvelous. From our previous sessions, he was learning better what I liked and how to do it.
After about a minute of ecstasy, I pulled his head up and said, "James, I really like the way you do that. I really, really do. But I have just got to feel you inside me."
He smiled and knew what I wanted. He climbed up on top of me and I felt his hard cock find my pussy. He plunged right in and I groaned. Sometimes there is making love, sometimes there is having sex. This was the latter. He started driving in and out very hard and fast and I could feel my orgasm coming already. How much of that is mental? Based on anticipation, mood, the right person, etc. Whatever all the reasons, my pussy was throbbing and my orgasm was building. I loved the feeling as his hard dick slid against my clit and he was slamming hard against me. Knowing I was close made it all the better. I had my hands on his ass as he fucked me hard.
This was as intense an orgasm as I ever get. It was just fantastic, long and deep, shuddering through my entire body. James intuitively did just right, he kept fucking me, but he eased off on how hard, sliding in slow and long over and over. Finally my body began to relax. He sensed that too and began going at it harder again. Simply wonderful.
He was rock hard the entire time and I could begin to sense he was getting close.
I said, "Tell me when you are ready James.'
Like some other guys, just a question like this can be the trigger and sure enough, he pulled out. I pulled him toward me and took his cock inside my mouth. I sucked him for a few seconds and I could feel him get ready. He pulled out and with his cock only a couple of inches from my face, he shot a huge spurt onto my check and chin. I opened my mouth and he shot the next surge directly onto my tongue. He was not finished yet and another blast hit me. He had cum a few times for me previously, but never this much and this intense.
I finally took his still hard cock into my mouth and gently began sucking him. He moaned and his body started to relax although his dick was still hard. Some guys are very sensitive at this time and that seemed to apply to James. It was after a couple of minutes that his cock finally started to soften. I always love that feeling.
I rolled him over onto his back on the bed. I rested my head on his chest. I would have liked to kiss him, but I would need to clean up my face first. I never had removed my top and bra; we were so caught up to that point.
I could have easily fallen asleep then.
I heard him say, "That was unbelievable. You are wonderful."
With that I leaned up and looked at him. He started laughing as he got a look at my face, all covered with his sperm.
I laughed back, "OK you rat, could you go and get me some Kleenex?"
"Yes, Beth."
He returned quickly and I wiped myself off. I pulled off my top and bra and slipped into bed.
I told him, "I need to leave tomorrow around 9. Can you stay tonight and let me drive you then?"
He took me in his arms, "I have been hoping you would say that."
We fell into a wonderful embrace with his arms around me as I lay at his side with my arm over his chest and my leg over the top of him.
I think it was seconds before I fell asleep, the glow from the sex sending me into a deep state of relaxation. I remember I dreamed about the photo session with Karen at least part of the time.
We both awoke maybe a couple of hours later. I am not sure who woke who, but we both seemed to sense the other being awake.
He said first, "That was just the best Beth."
I replied, "For me too."
We lightly kissed and I felt his gentle caresses as we lay together under the covers. He was being very tender, but he seemed to find just the right way to touch my breasts. I could feel myself melting. We shifted position at some point and I felt his hand find my pussy. I was a little sore from the previous session, but I was wet again as he touched me.
We each realized each other's desire, but we also recognized this was a little different. Quite simply, we made love to each other. Our kisses were soft and deep, we got into a sixty-nine position with each of us being gentle and caring. I was fully wet and waiting again and James was hard and ready again.
This time I got on top of him to start. This was not fucking. I slowly dropped down on him. I felt his cock slide in and I made a point to enjoy the first penetration as slowly as possible, feeling my muscles expand to take him and the deep feeling of satisfaction. He reached up and cupped my breasts as I slowly rode him. We were looking at each other during all of this, without a word.
In the same way the earlier session had been so intense and it was just right, this was completely different, but also just right. After a while of riding him, we shifted positions and he got behind me. Again it was just right as he plunged a little harder and a little deeper this way. My pussy felt wonderful. The soreness from before had disappeared and was not a perfect stimulation. I would probably be sore the next day, but a welcomed sore.
His cock stayed hard with no trouble. He had his hands on my hips, pulling my ass toward him as he went in deep with each stroke.
I was having a more gradual buildup than before, less intense, but still knowing for certain I was heading toward another orgasm.
I looked back at him and he gave me a big smile. God, he looked so young. What was I doing?
He continued pumping me, that hard cock of his sliding against my clit with each stroke.
I started to groan as I felt my body coming close again. James sensed this and started to fuck me harder and faster. This did it, and after a few seconds of that, I came again. My orgasm must have been the right catalyst for James, because I could feel him start to get close too.
We both came really close together, me first followed by James. He pulled out and pressed his cock against my ass and lower back. I felt him shoot onto my back as he rubbed against my ass. I pressed back and soon felt him start to relax. He reached over for tissue by the bed from before, and wiped me off.
We fell back on the bed exhausted, him spooning against my back. I fell asleep again and we woke in that same position.
I think he had ideas for one more session. I would have like that very much too, but I told him there was no time. I did pull him into the shower with me and even though there was no time, I gave him enough of a blow job to make him hard again. It was fun with the water from the shower flowing over us, but I needed to go and had to leave him with a nice erection.
It was a rush to get packed up and out the door. I had to go to the office later, so I put on a nice tan skirt with a white sleeveless sweater and some pumps and we headed off.
I dropped him off at the dorm and we had a very nice goodbye kiss. I left him with a wave as I drove off to the airport.