In the early summer morning, a time when the birds just begin to chirp and faint hues of pink and purple streak across the dark open sky, hours before any proper sunrise, a woman was already awake and preparing for her day. Alexandria, a college student during the school year and a full-time sales representative at her local jeweler, tugged a black undersized sports bra over her shoulder length, shimmering red hair and small, perky, pale breasts. She didn't spend much time in the sun, so her chest was free of any freckles or tan lines. She picked out a bright blue tank top, one that hugged her tight frame, and slid a pair of teal bike shorts over her smooth legs and firm butt. Now fully dressed and tugging her hair into a firm ponytail, she inspected herself in the mirror.
Her outfit wasn't stunning, she thought, but it got the job done. She prodded at her stomach, checking for soft spots like she was inspecting a mango at the store. She worked hard to stay in shape but worried that somewhere she had begun to slip into flabbiness. Running her hands down her thighs, she spread her legs into a wide stretch, making sure every bit of her was ready for the morning. Her hips were a bit stiff from sleeping weirdly, so she took her time on them, slowly working them counterclockwise against the floor, loosening them up until she was fully satisfied. With hours to go before the rest of the city woke up, illuminated by the speckled streetlamps defying the darkness, Alexandria started her morning run.
A quick, slender figure slipping between the shades of black and faint orange glimmers, Alexandria traced the greenway path like a delicate, winding thread. Her lungs filled with the clear, morning air, and her feet reached out to touch the pavement to the rhythm of the pulsing in her ears. In the dark, wearing only her skin-tight running clothes, she almost felt naked, vulnerable. There was nowhere for her to keep a weapon, and even if there was it would only slow her down. Anybody could come along, happen to see her, and decide to take advantage of a poor, innocent girl like her. It was exhilarating, and the thought kept her pace up because speed was her only protection. If someone wanted to take her, they would have to catch her first. Honestly, at the rate she was going, they would have earned it.
She made it back to the apartment complex, drenched in sweat. Her tank top clung to her stomach, and dark crescents had formed under her breasts. She could feel just how slick her babymaker was from the ordeal and was eager to get out of these clothes. As soon as her door was shut her top came off, and then immediately after her bra hit the floor. Breathing a sigh of relief, she rubbed the lines the bra had left around her breasts from crushing them. She really needed to get a better-fitting bra, she thought as she peeled off her bike shorts and panties in one go, lying on the cool kitchen tiles. She rolled onto her belly and gasped a little as the chill pressed against her overheated breasts, but it felt nice. Once the floor had become warm and wet from her exhausted, naked body, Alexandria pulled herself up and headed for the shower.
At first, the water was too cold for her after being hot for so long, and she struggled to breathe as she tried to get used to it. Once the air returned to her, Alexandria, eyes closed, head tilted back, couldn't help but grin. She hadn't locked the door to her apartment when she came in, and the thought of what could happen made her in-between ache. As her hands wandered, she imagined the latch clicking open and a rough-looking man stepping inside.
He followed her home from her run and has been following her for weeks now to track her route and her schedule. He tears open the shower door and clamps his calloused, dirty hand over her mouth before she can scream. He pulls her out into the hallway by her throat, and, with a dark glint in his eye, he rams her to the hilt with his meaty, wicked womb raider. Her frigid, porcelain-pale breasts smash on the tile floor against his weight. With every thrust, she could feel her body betray her more, her juices flowing, granting him easier entry. Her hips buck desperately, at first to get away, but then as the need takes over to urge him deeper until he pushes her down and shoots ropes of his thick, sticky cum directly into her womb.
Alexandria's face was deep crimson as she leaned against the shower wall, desperately mashing her fingers into her sopping wet hole. As she came, she clamped her delicate hand over her mouth to stifle a long, low moan. She slumped to the bottom of the shower, letting the ice-cold water wash her autumn hair over her half-closed eyes. Underneath the stream of red and wet was a small smile on Alexandria's face. She got up from the floor, rubbed her body all over just to feel the goosebumps, cleaned the goo from between her legs, and strutted out of the shower as she towel-dried her hair.
The rest of the morning went by quickly as Alexandria prepared herself for work. She started with her favorite top: a ruffled, sheer, light pink blouse with a breast-cradling cut that center dives beneath her ribs, almost like mermaid seashells. She loved the way customers' eyes would wander when she wore it. She matched the blouse with an equally ruffled, layered knee-length skirt, blow-dried her hair, and put on her set of delicate gold rings that she liked to gesture with. She left her neck bare on purpose to emphasize just how much of her pale, bare chest was available for viewing. Her perfume smelled like lemons and sugar, and it had glitter which further accentuated her complexion. Lastly, she brought out a small box and set it on her bed. Inside were two objects: a crystal buttplug, and a similar one for her lady parts. Heavy and solid, she gently slipped both plugs into her naked holes, gasping as they were sucked in. She rubbed her legs against each other, feeling the bulges inside of her. She put on a pair of sheer pink panties to keep it all in, brushed her hair, and went to work.
She walked through the glass doors to the jewelry store just as they were beginning to open up. The floor was open, well-kept, and elegant. Display cases decorated with all manner of rings, gems, necklaces, and earrings lined the walls, and more circled out from the middle space. By now, her little secrets had settled in, but she could still feel them if she clenched her muscles around them. She took her place in the center, her delicate hands on the counter, facing the door, waiting patiently, eagerly, for customers to come in.
The chime tingled, and a green dress shirt, gray slacks, and brown eyes walked in. Placed centerpiece like a blossom atop a pile of riches, Alexandria smiled with her glinting hazel eyes and greeted him sweetly, asking if there was anything she could help him with. The man gazed at her for a moment, then approached and asked about gold necklaces. He smelled pleasantly sharp, like mulled cider and pine, and placed his hands on the counter. They were clean, but unmistakably work-worn and scarred. Alexandria noticed his wandering eyes, and, pretending not to, led him across to another counter that had what he was looking for. As she walked, she felt like she was on display herself, her hips swaying just a bit, her sex aching against its stopper, guiding him on their little journey. Her heart fluttered at the feeling of being watched, her neck hairs prickling, the bulbs inside her becoming slick with excitement.
At the necklaces, the man perused the selection, sneaking glances at the smooth, exposed skin between Alexandria's perky breasts. She leaned forward to show him a detail on the jewelry, and let her ring-adorned hand graze his as she did so. She could feel the flush in her cheeks, and she carefully paced her breath to avoid giving herself away. The man chose a fine, gold-chain pendant in the shape of a dolphin, and for a moment he paused, lips parted, like he was going to ask something. Then he thanked her for her help, and she offered her hand for him to shake. He did so, smiling, looking into her eyes, then bought the necklace and left.
There were plenty of other customers that day, like a man and his fat wife. The man was interested in talking about all sorts of jewelry and metals, while the wife gave her nothing but quiet, jealous disdain. A lone woman was looking for earrings, which, while not interesting for Alexandria, she did help, and they had a good talk about different styles and designs. The woman left pleased. And a few other men, all who came in looking for jewelry for their women, with whom she playfully danced along the razor's edge, just enough to leave them haunted with the image of her, to leave them wondering, aching. But her favorite was the man from the morning, and in between customers she would let herself daydream about him.
"You're right sir, it IS a little hot today. But don't worry, we have everything you need to quench your thirst right here," she giggles as she gestures to the water station.
"You know, I really like this necklace," he looks at her, "but I want to make sure it'll suit my lovely wife... Would you try it on for me?"
"Of course, sir!" She leans over the counter so he can put it on her. "I want to make sure you are absolutely satisfied."
He traces her neck with his fingers as he drapes the pendant over her glimmering, naked chest. "What a beautiful sight."
She looks up at him, her wavering hazel eyes locked with his. "I have a secret I want to tell you."
"Oh?" He leans in close, his breath grazing her ear. "What's that?"
She takes his hand, and, with the barest touch of her fingertips, guides it down, over her throat, her breasts, her stomach. Ever closer to the animal below, pawing, mewling to get out of its crystal cage. His hand reaches under her dress...
Alexandria suddenly became aware of someone speaking to her. It was one of the other sales girls, telling her that she was leaving for the night. A smile and a nod later, the girl was gone, leaving Alexandria the job of closing up shop. This was normal for her, and, shaking herself out of her stupor, set about preparing the floor for the following day. It was easy, but tedious work. She had to sweep and mop the floor, and then clean the fingerprints off of all the glass display cases. There were a lot of cases, and by the time she finished, it was already dark.
Tired after a long day of work, Alexandria was eager to be done and home. She locked the doors behind her and went to her car. It was a newer, small blue SUV that she really loved and tried to take care of. But when she opened the door to get in, a shadow moved from just outside her vision. Her heart jumped but before she could turn, strong arms pushed her face into the seat, holding her there, muffling her screams. She felt her skirt get hiked up and her panties pulled down as she struggled helplessly against the stranger behind her. A cock tried to push its way in, but the man was surprised to find her holes already occupied.
The man leaned in close behind her. She could smell him, mulled cider, pine, and adrenaline. "I knew you were toying with me, but I had no idea what a slut you were!" He yanked out her vagina plug with a wet plap and a yelp from her, causing all of her captive juices to pour down her legs. Then Alexandria felt his rock-hard shaft pierce her gushing cunt.
And holy fuck did it feel good. After a full day of being wrapped around a glass bulb, her slam hole was swollen, sensitive, and absolutely soaking wet. Alexandria writhed with every stroke, completely forgetting she was supposed to struggle, her screams turning to shrieks of pleasure as she almost immediately came hard, gripping his pole with a strength that can only come from months of practice while at work. The man's eyes widened, then he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back, forcing her to bounce against his rod, her gem-studded asshole glinting in the streetlight.
Even open, Alexandria's eyes registered nothing as she was wracked with nonstop orgasms. Her shrieks had become guttural wails punctuated by his cock inside her red-raw snatch, and her ring-covered hands clutched at anything they might reach, just for something to hold on to. It wasn't long until the man reached his limit, dumping his heavy load of baby batter into Alexandria's uterus. He released her, and she collapsed. After the exhaustion of the day and now this, her body couldn't take any more and passed out.
When she woke, Alexandria was sitting, slumped, in her car. Her crystalline plug was laid in the passenger seat. She groaned and tried to lift her hand to her head, only to find a note in it. In hastily scribbled writing, it read, "You earned it." As she worked some sense into herself and tried to get ready for the drive home, she felt something tugging at her neck. In the rearview mirror, she saw herself: autumn hair a mess, blouse disheveled, mascara running. And centered on her bare chest was a small gold dolphin on a fine chain. Alexandria smiled at her reflection as she thought to herself, some jobs have their perks.