"You will be speaking with your lady friend this day Elliot Most Needy?"
"Most Needy? What the fuck, Fuk?"
"Forgive me my friend, it is I who is most needy. I find your lady friend quite lovely indeed."
"Only because you saw her pussy squirting. I had her do that just for you Buddy." No he didn't. Elliot was just buttering up his friend.
"I am most grateful friend Elliot. You have such control over her, of this I admire."
"Yeah? She's a good little slut isn't she? I dig my slave." He knew his Mom would not be happy that he referred to her as a slut or a slave, even though his dad used to call her both. She wasn't here to scold him, so oh, well.
"Slave she is? She would obey your every command?"
"Anything I order her to. The bitch has no choice or I'll punish her ass when I get home."
"So very exciting. I would never have imagined looking at you."
"Uhhhh! Thanks..I think. Wait! Was that an insult?" He glares with a confused look, "I love making her do crazy things."
"I would hear stories."
"Another time Fuk. We gotta get to class. Jacque hates tardiness."
"Mister Paquet will say nothing to me. My father pays too much to this school for he to be outspoken. He has also taken a leave of absence, had you not heard?"
"You act like your Dad's rich. No, wow, I wonder who will take over the class?"
"Quite wealthy, yes. In your country I believe the term is billionaire."
"Yeah, right. Camel salesman probably."
"Perhaps. Father invests in many such enterprises. Mostly oil."
"Isn't that Saudi Arabia?"
"There is oil in Egypt, however he invests in other countries as well, such as Kuwait."
"So if you're so rich why are you wearing Nikes?" Elliot laughs pointing at his shoes.
"I wear that which I like, not what is expected of me."
Reaching the classroom entrance Elliot stops, allowing other classmates around them. "How much you willing to spend if I have my whore send you pictures?"
"You may set the amount."
"Hundred bucks American for each picture." Elliot ran with it expecting to be blown off. Instead Farouk Al-Kamundi removes his wallet and reveals Euro instead of American currency.
"You must exchange these." He offers ten bills equivalent to a thousand dollars. Elliot bulges his eyes then hisses.
"Hold on to that cash until after classes. I'll get you pics then you can pay me for them. Deal?"
"Yes, deal. Thank you my friend."
"Let's get to our seats before roll call."
Motioning Farouk in first, Elliot cringes slightly. He had roughly ten pictures in his cell to offer, secret nudes he had taken of Margo while she wasn't looking. He had plenty more on disks at home held hidden away for safe keeping in case his Mom snooped into his computer. With no other access he knew he might have to sucker his adopted Mom into sending more. The thought bothered him, for all of five minutes. Story for another day. Taking his seat Elliot scanned about at his fellow classmates. He had his eyes on a few of the female classmates, all from other countries who attended this special school for scholastic geniuses. Sadly, Elliot was probably the dumbest one there. Regardless, he would play it off that he was better than they were.
Two seats away Farouk sat proper and almost regal, the image made Elliot wonder just how real Farouk's admission of wealth and power was. Could he tap into this kid and sucker him into fast cars and nice clothes? Elliot Needy was one slick...motherfucker. Hell, he hadn't really processed the net worth of everyone in the class. He educated a guess that most of them were poor like he was. Maybe he was wrong. Uniforms all alike except for a rare few such as Fuk it was hard to tell. Poise and presence made sense to look for. The girls there were stunning at their worst. The guys ranging from lank and homely, to stud quality and biceps to match. How was that even possible? He felt really alone suddenly. Elliot shared little in common with any of them. Even Farouk, yet the boy stood by Elliot faithfully. In his thoughts Elliot frowned, "Thanks Mom." He knew it was her that kept Farouk his friend.
As the class awaited their new Teacher, assuming Jacque Paquet's unexpected vacancy, it was tense. Everyone had grown to understand and respect Jacque. Anyone new would be starting over. Only a three month course that meant studying that much...HARDER. In walked a perfect woman roughly the same age as his Mother, possibly a bit older. Strangely, she looked a bit like Margo Needy in build and poise. Long brown hair boasting perfect curls. Thick rimmed glasses made her appear quite intellectual. In this class she would have to be...right? "HOLY SHIT!" Elliot had to wrestle with instant erection tightening in his uniform pants. "Who is this???"
" Prêter attention, écouter." She clapped her hands twice before switching to English from her native French language, "Listen carefully. My name is Brigitte LaPute, I shall be your new Instructor." Elliot heard snickers over the remainder of her greeting, but was clueless as to why until a boy beside him wrote a note on his notebook saying, "LaPute in French means Bitch, Slut, Hooker, and Whore." Eyes bulging Elliot took a closer look at his teacher. With a busting cleavage beneath a very snug sweater her name just might suit her well. That and a very tight short skirt. Wasn't there a dress code? Elliot had to laugh out loud.
"Do you find something humorous?" The Teacher moved in front of her desk and sat up on it with a strict glare at Elliot. The other students snapped a dirty look at him for his disruption. As she crossed her long flawless legs he gulped. As did a good portion of the other students taking her beauty in.
"Sorry Ms. LaPute."
"Please...explain what you find so amusing." A hint of white panties triangulated beneath her skirt. Dicks were growing with each passing glimpse. She had to know her effect on men. Elliot took the bull by the horns, rising to his feet boldly as jaws drop all about him.
"May I show you something?" He had his hands in his pockets the entire stance. Her eyes lowered intentionally toward his pants then just as swiftly returned to his eyes. With her hand she calls him to her side, strangely, he found the curling finger seductive. Sure, why not. Hot French teacher...it was natural. Approaching her he draws his cellphone out of his pants pocket to her peaked eye brow. Braving the moment Elliot got even more ballsy and hopped up on the desk next to her as he searched his cellphone for a certain picture. Finding it as the students held their breath expecting him to be punished for sitting so close to her, he shares the photo with Brigitte. Taking time to examine it he discovered Elliot held at Graduation by his stunning Mother Margo Needy. "See the resemblance? You look just like my...MOMMY." He emphasized a tad higher in tone to spark a curiosity in Brigitte.
"She is quite lovely."
"As are you." He smiles as she frowns. Buttering her up was harder than he expected. "I miss my...MOMMY." He dares a second attempt at a giggle. He got laughs, just not out of Brigitte. Lowering his cell with her hand led it to his leg, a mere inch from his tented slacks. He had the screen right over the bulge, Margo's face in use even now. Bad Elliot, bad. Of course, it wasn't his Mom that he imagined, it was Brigitte kneeling in front of him. It was not in the cards.
"Please take your seat." She spoke firmly. In response he rubbed his chin telling her the same thing, only in a snickering thought. She would look nice sitting on his face. In that moment, Elliot Needy earned the respect of his classmates. Maybe he wasn't as dumb as he looked. Hopping down he shared the picture of Margo to his class in a swift tour of a four seat radius. Farouk told him via mouthed words, "I want that picture." Easy money.
Seated finally, he found Brigitte had left her desk and stood next to him. Snatching his phone from his hand she promptly spoke, "You may have your phone after the class has ended." He shared a puzzled shrug with everyone else. Suave Elliot, use that swagger. Girls did take note. Maybe Elliot was on to something. For now, he chose to behave. Brigitte had a class to get started.
Stateside, Pennsylvania...namely the town of Wildwood...
Brian Hancock and his Father Bruno took lunch at a park next to his Wife's Bakery. Taking time to bring them dessert Carmen Biggs-Hancock walked across the grass toward their bench. All of these years since his Father had remarried, after cheating with this woman, Brian found resentment. This past week reacquainting of sorts with Carmen's four...three daughters he had changed his tune. Her eldest Gwen was sporting perfect enhanced breasts, her middle sisters MJ and Daphne were still smoking hot, and the youngest Heidi...who? Too young. Where was he? Now for some sad reason he was staring at his Stepmother as she strutted toward them, massive cleavage bobbing about just for Bruno's pleasure. She loved her man. At 42 Carmen had it going on, probably why Bruno cheated. Years ago Carmen Biggs had her own set of enhancements done. Pornstar boobs, and a tight ass kept Bruno under her thumb. Now, Brian understood. Of course, Brian still chuckled under his breath at her name...Cumon Big Cocks...minus the hand and the second G-spot in BigGs. His brother Jeff declared that her nickname. Unknown to her of course.
"Hey Boys. Ready for something sweet?" She flipped her blond locks from her ear as she handed Bruno a sack with Danish inside. Plopping down in his lap made Bruno lower the bag at Brian to claim. That left him free to smooch his main squeeze. His hands were all over Carmen right in front of his son.
"I'm taking her cherry...Danish." Brian laughs.
Kisses parting Carmen grins at Brian, "It's so good to see you boys together. I know you see each other every day, but I don't get to share in that. Brian? You're taller than the last time I saw you. Your High School Graduation I think."
"A year does that Carmen. You haven't changed a bit."
"Quit lookin' at her tits." Bruno growls as Carmen strokes his beard, almost blushing.
"I wasn't...yeah, okay, you caught me. Sorry Carmen."
"Too much cleavage today." She uses Bruno's ZZ Top beard to block her window of bulging beauties. "Speaking of...these...did your Father tell you Gwen got her own...enlargements?"
"Yup. I stopped by the ice cream hut and saw for myself."
"Ohhh? Gwen didn't tell me that. Was she shocked to see you?"
"In more ways than one. The other girls showed up while I was there."
"Does none of my babies gossip with their Mother anymore?" She pouts toward Bruno who rubbed her hip as a consolation.
"Kids these days." Bruno huffs.
"I'm shocked that Heidi at the very least didn't say anything. She has a difficult time keeping secrets. Anyways, you should stop by more often Brian. Jeffrey as well. Dawn? I have given up hope on. I swear if my daughters become strippers I'm going to lock them up until they're retirement age."
"I keep telling Carmen she should have Dawn get her a job. She's still got what the boys like." Bruno huffs bragging at his wife. She fans his beard under his nose without a word of retaliation. As her chest slipped into a better view Brian noticed nipple hard on. Staring for ten seconds he turns away eating his Danish. The resentment of this woman stealing her Dad from his Mom might be cooling down, but he didn't need to make matters worse. Her daughters were going to be more than enough revenge he thought.
"I hear from Bruno that you moved out in the country with Margo Needy."
"Yep. Loving the great outdoors."
"Eric Crowe also moved there. His mother works for me, remember? She is not very happy with her son."
"Bible basher's usually aren't happy about anything." He chuckles. "Margo's cool. Her son Elliot asked us to move out there to keep her safe. She's never been alone in the wilderness by herself. We were all having troubles finding a big enough place to be on our own anyway. Worked out perfectly. Swimming pool, fitness room, you name it." He winced at the announcement of a gym due to pulling a muscle in his shoulder. Still tender, yet manageable. "Matter of fact, Margo's looking into turning her home into a Bed & Breakfast."
"Really? Bruno? You better take me there once she opens up."
A sudden vision of the attic enters Brian's head, seeing his Stepmother dangling from the ceiling naked in a harness. Shaking it off fast he stands up, "I need to make a call." Shocked by his sudden jump Carmen winces at Bruno, who merely shrugs at her. It was Brian's hasty retreat that made Carmen notice a bulge in his pants. What was that about? Surely, it was over Margo Needy. Bruno drew her attention away from his son when he gobbled at her cleavage. She erupted into laughter, his beard tickling her skin. The distraction worked, her mind solely on her man. Until later when bored at work, then her own imagination would wander a bit.
Paris, France...
Elliot's eyes were glued to his new Teacher's curves. From behind she was his Mother perfectly. Her long brown hair even cut similar. Her ass tight, firm, yet with enough substance that a worthy twerk would turn men savage. Her long muscular legs rising up to her skirt's short hemline kept every boy in the class staring in hopes a cheek might magically appear. Thankfully, Brigitte was a chalkboard lover, writing down formulas from top to bottom in her eagerness to share knowledge. The lower she wrote, the more she bent over. "Here they come." Elliot grit his teeth with anticipation. Everyone on the edge of their seats counting the seconds before, "YES!" A boy yelled out as her butt cheeks lowest elevation revealed itself. The stares he got knowing that she straightened her posture to observe the outburst over her shoulder.
"Yes?" She looked about for the candidate speaker.
"I get the formula." The boy improvised pumping his fist almost in a jerking off pose. Everyone chuckled, even blushing girls nearly just as excited by Brigitte as the boys.
"This is good." Brigitte smiles, "Then, I am doing something right."
"YES YOU ARE." Elliot sighed, his chin held up by his right palm, elbow on the desk. Hearing his barely audible sigh Brigitte eyes Elliot with a squint before lifting her glasses at the bridge of her nose. She knew testosterone well, a no brainer that Brigitte understood her body language better than most. While professional within her career, Brigitte had other interests as well. Her students would learn more than mere formula's over the next few months. Turning back to the board Brigitte smirks and leans down to continue her chalk etchings, knowing well that her skirt was rising in behind. As more cheek exposed she heard a multitude of groans. Not enough she told herself, literally dropping her chalk to the tile floor. Bending to retrieve the chalk her curves went full on valley, cheeks forming upward into her crevice, a tender white set of panties winking at her young scholastic geniuses covering a genuinely perfect clam. If only for a brief instant before she finishes her equations. Turning to face her class she discovered jaws drooping everywhere she looked.
"By your expressions I believe you are all grasping the physical probabilities of a black hole. Well done, my Mon Petit'."
"Did she say her Mom's tits?" Elliot wrote on his own notebook to show the boy next to him who had relayed her namesake earlier. The boy nodded trying not to laugh aloud. Was it strange Elliot pictured his Mom's breasts right in that moment? Then, a shifted gaze at Brigitte's heaving chest he puckered, "Clones I say." Interesting thought. "Hmmm! She looks like Mom...Fuk wants pictures of Mom...naaaa! No way."
As she takes her seat at her desk she tells the class to open a book on Nuclear Physics, prompting them to read a short chapter on neurons. As they focused on their reading Brigitte sat back in her swivel chair and nibbled on her pen. Studying Elliot for some reason she notes his cell resting on her desk, curiosity consuming her she slides it to her lap to not look suspicious. It still had the photo of He and Margo on it when swiped open. "His Mother does look like me. How...intriguing, that he relates to me so favorably, appearing...as her. Could it be that he is a momma's boy?" A hidden smirk leads her to search her students for watchers. Finding two she taps her own book informing them to read. Once everyone was on the same page she carefully angles Elliot's cell camera up under her skirt and snaps a picture of her panties, legs widened for effect. Saving the pic to his cell she types a reference to herself with, "MON PETIT'." She would let him discover it on his own should he search. A clue would be given. Brigitte LaPute was devious in her own right. Momma's boy she would see for herself.
As a bell ended class, Brigitte waved her students on with her appreciation for being kind to her first day with them. Farouk and Elliot start to walk out together when Brigitte clears her throat, "Leaving so soon Monsieur Needy?" Elliot hearing her stops cold and pats Farouk on the back whispering, "She wants me." Farouk seemed delighted at Elliot's prowess over women. Taking his leave the Egyptian lad would wait in the hall.
Gathering his coolness Elliot whips around on his heel and struts toward Brigitte who turns in her chair to face him. His eyes immediately went between her legs, until she crossed them ever so slowly. "You called Ms. LaPute?"
"Would you like your phone back?"
"Oh, yeah. Definitely."
"Your Mother is incredibly beautiful."
"Exactly, why I shared her pic with you. You're her twin almost."
"Are you insinuating that I am beautiful, Monsieur Needy?"
"FUCK YES!" He belts out to her stern expression, one that softened slightly. "I mean...very beautiful. Sorry."
"No need to apologize. I am quite aware. You may grow now."
"Right." He twirls in step and starts out when he looks at his cell to realize his camera was on. In the corner was a tiny picture. Slowing his walk he opens the picture full screen and bulges his eyes. It was definitely not a photo of his Mom. Afraid to look back he freezes. Heartbeat pounding he took the risk and found Brigitte waving him on as if nothing happened. He cleared his throat dryly and offered a final farewell with, "Screensaver." Two steps after he paused, "Did she say I may grow now, instead of go now?" His dick leaped to her command. "Holy Crap!"
She tilted her gaze scowling.
"Screen Lock?"He reconsidered.
"Have a good day Monsieur Needy."
"You too LaPute." His translation leaning toward Slut. Worked for him. It did make her grin after he left. For now, Elliot kept the picture to himself. It could prove useful.
Stateside, once again...
Margo Needy finished folding up her laundry, when she felt a chill come over her. Shivering, she rubs her upper arms and folds them across her chest, topless, wearing only white panties, strangely similar to those worn by someone she had yet to even know about. Margo felt drawn to her son's closed bedroom door, leaving her basket but procuring her cell from the top of folded towels. Feeling lonely all of a sudden she turns the doorknob and pushes the door open. Gloomy within she moves across the room to open his curtains, then his bedroom window, it was stuffy now that his ceiling fan was relocated to Eric's bedroom. In the distance she spotted Cabot and Eric mowing the yard. Good boys she smiled, they were doing their best to keep her happy. The favor was definitely returned.
The breeze cascading her flesh made her close her eyes and enjoy it. With no air conditioning it felt delightful. She needed to open more windows to cool the home down. Before leaving the room she explored Elliot's things, missing her son to the point of nearly tearing up. His friends kept her busy, but it was these quiet moments that made her emotions sensitive. Outside of a few texts, he had not called, nor skyped with her since he left. She was ready to make the call herself, but knew he might feel pampered. Soul searching a bit she sat down on Elliot's bed and rubbed her palm over his soft blanket. "These need washed. Definitely before I let Jeffrey move into Elliot's room while he's gone. Am I being selfish letting someone invade my son's bedroom? It is only until Elliot returns. Two months will fly by." She sighs and stretches out over the mattress clutching one of his pillows to capture his scent. "Maybe I won't wash the pillow cases." She needed her son, and this was the next best thing that she had until he came home.
Cell in hand she again felt tempted to at least text Elliot her love. "Just do it." She told herself falling to her back, pillow under her chin as she lifted her cell above her. "It's almost 6:00 PM in France. He's out of school and it's too early for bed so I shouldn't wake him." She gathers her thoughts then begins texting, "I miss you Elliot. I love you so much." A Mother's love regardless of not being paternal was strong. Sending the text she lowers her cell and snuggles with the pillow. Two minutes later her cell blurts out a text tone of Baby Stewie from the Family Guy spouting, "Mom, Mum, Mommy." She nearly bawled, grateful that he had acknowledged her, as well as having installed the ringtone. It was precious.
"Love you too Mom."
Texting became an obsession suddenly, rolling over on the mattress to type better, not even questioning the fact that she was one thread away from being nude in her son's bed. Mainly, because it hadn't occurred to her yet.
"How is school going?"
"Great. New Teacher. Looks just like you almost."
"Really?" She felt jealous a bit. "You will have to take a picture of her and show me, if she's alright with that."
"I'll ask. I'm at the Library. This place is humongous Mom. Hardly, anybody around it's kind of spooky."
"Boo!" She shares a ghostly Emoji.
"LOL! Quit that. You nearly scared my pants off...LOL! You know what I meant."
"Yes I do. Keep them on please. LOL! I'm so happy you're doing well. Cabot and Eric are outside mowing. They're so very helpful." She finishes her text then flips back over on to her back. Hearing a mower silence outside she smiles and touches herself, slipping fingers beneath her panties to tease her clit. "Mmmm! Sweaty men will be making love to me very soon now." Again, the thoughts on being 95% naked in Elliot's bed had not sunk in, nor was the fact that she was rubbing her clit. That is until he wrote back.
"Any of those fuckers flirting with you?" He added an, "LOL!"
"Yes. I've had sex with all of them." She giggled typing it but not sending it. It was far better not to admit the truth, it might ruin his time away worrying. Erasing the words she replaced them with, "They all do. I like being noticed. All is well my adorable boy."
"Awesome. Flirting is okay. Just tell them not to get too attached. LOL!"
"Too late Elliot. I'm attached too." A moment more to tease her clit again she shivers dramatically, "GOD! I NEED DICK." If not for Elliot's continued texting her fingers would be buried deep in pussy juice.
For ten minutes they talked about France and the culture there. Finally, her fingers caved and she took a minute to finger herself, rejoicing in her temptation, not even stressed over the bad timing of it. As she trembled Elliot sent his next text.
"Mom? Send me a picture of you right this second. Don't even primp. LOL! I need to feel close to home." Ulterior motive not even guessed at she just poised her camera over her head and snapped a picture. Off it went. Receiving it he bulged his eyes and typed back. "Are you laying in my bed? LOL! That's my pillow and blanket."
"Oh crap." She cringed, it hadn't even occurred to her where she was at the time. It just felt good to hear him want to be close to home. Typing him she wrote, "Yes. I'm doing laundry. I'm going to strip your bed and wash the sheets."
"Looks like you stripped too. Are you topless?"
"Quit noticing things you shouldn't be. LOL!" She giggles. "Yes. I'm home alone until the boys come in from mowing. You know how hot the house is in the Summer."
"Don't let them catch you."
She smiles, "If they catch me you definitely won't be getting another text for a few hours, Young Man." Definitely not typed. Instead she wrote, "I'm safe for now. They won't look for me in your bedroom." It was then things hit home, his bedroom, his bed, his bedding. Looked bad. Shrugging it off she sat up when he texted, "Mom? I have a favor."
"Ask anything my beautiful boy." She replied.
"You remember Farouk?"
"You mean Fuk? LOL!"
"Yeah, him. LOL! Did you know he was filthy rich?"
"No I didn't."
"Well, he just ran something by me. I...forget it...too much to ask."
Margo read his reply four times before curiosity got the best of her, "Does it hurt to ask?"
"It's out there even for me Mom." Not really, he would do just about anything. Greedy little fucker.
"GRRRR! ASK!!" She sent an infuriated Emoji.
"LOL! Cute. Well, you recall that he saw your...ummm...video, and I told him you sent it for him?"
Out loud Margo sighed, "DON'T REMIND ME." She then wrote, "Yes, I seem to recall the humiliation. LOL! Do I dare ask why you're bringing this up?"
"I let on that you were my slave. LOL!"
"WHAT?????????" She yelped holding her wet hand over her lips. Smelling her pussy she flared her eyes then growled, typing, "Oh boy! Why would you do that Elliot?"
"Messing with him is all. He bought it. LOL! Anyways, he's infatuated with you now. He offered me money if I got him more pics of you. Video even. You...don't have too."
"How much money? LOL!" She felt evil suddenly. Not that she intended to do it for Elliot, but she thrived on making him sweat.
"$100 bucks a picture. I'll send you half. LOL! I need munchies and my budget is tight over here."
Fidgeting at his request she could relate, her own budget was strict due to Darryl's money running low in their bank account. Rolling her eyes at her own income woes she sighs and messages back, "If I do this for you it's because I love my son. This is soooo wrong Elliot."
"You don't have too." He accompanied his text with a frowning Emoji.
"Let me think about it."
"REALLY?" Elliot sent all caps.
"Wheel and deal Son of mine. I have things we need to talk about too but, not over any text. Skype with me next weekend?"
"I promise. I...can't believe you would do this for me. Do you...hate me for even asking?"
"I cannot, nor will I ever , hate my baby boy. It's...certainly out there but, I will consider it. Half the lottery winnings or then, I might hate you. LOL!"
"You got it Mom. I'll get Fuk to wire you money. Deal?"
Exhaling like a whistle Margo Needy shivers, "Fine! Deal. I'll work some magic for you. At least if I do this I can splurge a bit on some things I'm running low on. Like make up. LOL! Let's...not make this a habit."
"One time deal. Unless...LOL!"
"Unless what?" She giggles shaking her head.
"Well, Farouk might wanna marry you afterwards. I think he'd be a really cool stepdad. LOL!"
"DO YOUR HOMEWORK! LOL!" She lets him have it in cap lock. "I'll get back to you when I have worthy pics. Taking them by myself is...awkward."
"You can ask Cabot to take some. I trust him more than the others." He shocks her with his offer.
"You...would be alright if...Cabot took nude pictures of me?" She played coy.
"I guess, but we're not splitting the money three ways. LOL!"
"I'll make excuses and hint around. Tell Farouk I blew him a kiss."
"Night Mom. You're the coolest Mom ever."
"Only when I have air conditioning again. LOL! Bye Elliot. I love my sweet but evil son."
"I love my super sexy Mom. No woman is hotter than you."
"Not even my twin the Teacher?"
"Ehhh! LOL! Later Mom."
"Bye, Elliot." Setting her cell aside she ponders Elliot's outlandish request. Her hormones peaking at the thoughts of Cabot and the boys taking pictures made her frolic over Elliot's blanket.
"There you are."
In the doorway to Elliot's room Cabot and Eric discover her strange yet seductive tour of her son's bedding. Biting her lower lip she flares her eyes at them with mischief.
"First...you two sweaty hunks are fucking me silly, then...you get to take lots of pictures of me for an...admirer."
"New boyfriend?" Eric winces in surprise.
"Perhaps." She bats her eyes at them then pulls Elliot's blanket down to pinch his sheets, "Hmm! I had forgotten these sheets were Egyptian cotton. Perfect timing."
Against her better judgment she fucked both boys in her son's bed. Margo Needy was happy. Troubled slightly, but happy enough for now.
Paris, the campus Library...just as Elliot Needy pumped his fist out of triumph...
"Fuck yes. I'm gonna be rich. I hope Farouk wants a thousand pictures. I'll just tell Mom he would only pay $50 a pic and give her $25, then keep $75 for myself. HELL YEAH!" Hopping from his seat he went in search of books on Black Holes. Still unnerved by so few people in the coliseum like library he ventured about leerily. Trying to focus on books while looking at an angle he catches a glimpse through bookcases into the next aisle. There was someone one aisle over, someone with lily white legs, gorgeous feminine legs at that. Eyes bulging Elliot, lifts from his angle to peer through the next level of books to discover hips.
"Whoa!" He ventured up one more row of books to spy a sexy hot lower definition of big breasts. Someone was naked in the next aisle over. Cautiously, he follows the pacing woman via section after section of shelves until he reaches the end of the aisle. Hugging his side he peered carefully around the edge of the end cap where a group of small desks with computers on top lined a wall. Nobody was at any desk but one, well, at least the computer was lit up, something on the screen kept scrolling up automatically. "Chatroom?" It was then he noticed a portable webcam pointed toward the aisle. Two and two together he calculated, "Camgirl?"
Puckering his lips at his good fortune he looked all around for other people. Only distant voices coming from downstairs on the lower floor could be heard. He might just be the only other person up here with this woman. His day for fists clenched in triumph he silently looked between books again. Trailing her movement he lost track of her no matter where he searched. Suddenly, it dawn on him where she might have gone. Dropping to his knees Elliot looked at the bottom row and concluded how right he was. The woman was obviously laying on the carpet masturbating. He heard very low moans that seemed strange in tone. Bewildered, he attempted to quietly shuffle books around in hopes to get a better look at her, no go Elliot took to his feet and silently prowled his own aisle to the far end and dared to peek around the bookcase into her aisle.
"OH SHIT! Blond with beads in her hair, and beautiful. Perfect tits, hell, perfect everything. She's a shorty though. 90 pounds wet." Worried her chatroom might notice him and let her know he stood idle feeling his erection sparking to life. "She's using a freaking dildo. HECK YEAH! If the volume on her computer is down the viewers can't warn her of me. I wonder...what the hell, she's the one breaking the law." Bold move made Elliot shows himself, her viewers knowing he was watching now. Moving casually closer toward her he was less than six feet away as she moans more fluently, her toy doing its damage. He was in a position now to stand on tip toes and see the toy plunging in and out of her tight pink pussy. An unshaven pussy but damn sexy regardless. Not too bushy, not to sparse. Even though, Elliot himself liked bald and bold.
Waving at the camera he looked smug and pointed at her on the floor then making motions that showed them he thought she was hot, hands over his own chest made jiggling actions. All at her expense. She was so lost in herself that she was oblivious to his presence. With 20/20 vision Elliot still squints to read her monitor, the chatroom was going nuts, in a favorable manner. "Whoaaaaa! Her audience wants me to jerk off over her. That's...they're crazy...I...fuck it." He unzips his fly and draws his cock out, a mere six inch little fella but admirable enough to pose smug for the viewers. They were loving his arrival, thinking he was part of the show to a degree. Knuckling his dick Elliot shuffled closer, gritting his teeth that she didn't catch on. Her moans still troubled him, there was just something different about her voice. Entranced by her beauty he recalled someone from a movie he and his dad watched together called "10". Unable to recall a name he shrugged it off. The actress was Bo Derek. In her youth Bo was every man's wet dream. This girl was on par.
Noticing comments via squint he reads, "She's deaf. Cum on her." Surely not, the watcher must be just goading him. Of course, that might explain the tiny ear piece. "Ohhh maaaan! Now I feel...like cumming all over those tits." Guilt slipping away with each stroke of his hand, and her vanishing dildo, Elliot remained on course. If she could hear him she would have reacted to his soft groans. Maybe her hearing aid was turned off for her own silent enjoyment. Regardless he continued his mesmerized taunting.
After five minutes of sharing private moments between their reality she has an orgasm and squirts on a towel she had laying beneath her ass. While convulsing dramatically, Elliot lost his mind and showered her in jizz. The sudden rain from above made the girl's eyelids rip wide open, head tilting back to see him hovering over her shoulder, her back arched as if her tits were begging for more cum. Elliot had his feet planted to each side of her beaded hair. Looking up in complete shock she panics and rolls to her feet defensively. With one hand on his dick still stroking and his other palm up to calm her he whispers, "Sorry. I couldn't resist. You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen."
She reads his lips, shaking like a leaf at his boldness, yet she could see the concern in his eyes. She relaxed a bit but remained shy. Easing to her feet she turns to her viewers, only by looking over her shoulder. Spanking herself repeatedly Elliot took time to watch. Returning her big green eyes toward Elliot she dares to smile. Using her free hand she gathers his cum from her tits and licks her fingers, offering he and her viewership the most exquisite yearning expression he had ever seen. She loved his taste.
"Are you...?" He removes his hand from his cock long enough to point at his ear. She rolled her eyes then went into sign language. As if Elliot knew the gestures. Pretty obvious now that she was deaf. Turning her hearing aid up she heard his voice for the very first time. "Sorry. I won't tell anyone if you don't."
Pointing at her monitor she laughs faintly, her voice struggling to answer him with, "Too late." Only in French. He found it funny. So did she. Remaining shy she toys with her beaded hair while exploring Elliot's own exploration of her body. His dick was still tilting upward and handsome, it drew her gaze off and on between eye contacts. With silence part of her world she wasn't stressed over him not speaking much. It became more a character study of reactions. She nibbled her nail as her eyes sparkled with interest, he was stunned by her not freaking out on him. He was rather nerdy looking for a cute girl like her. So he thought. Her hungering gaze made him a bit more in tune with his self esteem.
"She's into me. Awesome! Let's see how long this lasts." He chose to fumble with his shoes, then tugging his jeans down and using his feet to trample his way out of them. In socks and his t-shirt he laughed as she admired his hurried reaction. It gave her the giggles. Hesitantly, he shakes off his nerves and ditches his shirt. Elliot Needy was naked in public, for the very first time ever, well in Paris that is. He had to know where this might go. She did not let him wait long. Stepping to him she grabs him by the hands and drags him with her to the end of the aisle. He felt insecure being on cam walking away, knowing guys were checking out his ass. Still, Elliot couldn't resist this beauty, his own age. At the end of the hall she looks around the end cap for safety. Once comfy in her environment the girl kneels in front of Elliot and reaches up to fondle his dick. Elliot nearly choked. Dancing excitedly in step she laughed then calmed him down with a soft pair of hands working together on his dick.
"You have amazing eyes." He complimented while she looked up at him with an alluring pair of green orbs, that forgot how to blink. Pouting at him she rose up higher on her knees to flick her tongue on his foreskin just below the crown. Her tongue touching him sent lightning through his body and he reared his head back huffing. Smiling at her efforts succeeding she swallowed his cock and sucked him off with tender devotion. Finding his center of acceptance Elliot glared down at her and literally mouthed, "I love you." Reading his lips she shared glossy eyes. She was touched by his sudden expression of emotion. True or not, she felt something stir within her, that made her suck him passionately. Just listening to her nasal symphony of moans as she took him in gave Elliot goosebumps from head to toe. He was completely forgetting that they were on webcam.
He really wanted to fuck this girl but, his blowjob was too darned good to stop. He told himself he could cum more than a few times if it meant more time with her. With his back to the bookcase he heard books crashing to the floor in the other aisle. Teeth gnashed by the noise he worried others below might have heard the racket. She held him by his hips and literally dug her nails into them as she got into it. Her blowjob was intensifying, forcing Elliot to hold on to the bookcase just to keep his balance. "HOLY SHIT!" He let out vocally, then winced for being too loud. "Slow up I'm gonna cum too...MOTHERFUCKER!" Elliot Needy lost his load down this girls throat. She was ravenous. Her lips held tight around him as her throat constricted to feast on every last droplet he had to give. Those watching on camera found his reactions hilarious, he was laughed at for being clumsy and awkward. Did he care? Not in the least. A simple flipped bird with a smug expression he said, "You all wish you were me Bitches." That was a fact.
Voices heard growing closer the girl pulls away with a fearful expression. Her hearing must have been turned up or there would have been no way she could have heard the incoming voices. Standing quickly she races to her computer and rushes to get dressed. Elliot took note after absorbing her perfect heart shaped ass wiggling away at a fast pace. Getting his own clothes left him fumbling to get dressed before the voices rounded the corner. He recognized one voice immediately, and froze, turning pale. As the girl completed her attire of a cute flower patterned dress of blue and white she sat down at the computer and disconnected her webcam stashing it in her book bag. The room she had opened to view her severed in favor of a secondary window of schoolwork. Uncertain where to run Elliot just began looking through books on the shelf. It was then that he stepped on her dildo, still on the floor. Eyes like saucers he kicks it toward the girl, sending it rolling under her desk where she went unaware of it being there. He nearly crapped his pants. Selecting a book he opened it and tried his best to appear as if studying its content. "SHIT!" He noticed her towel still on the floor too. Snatching it up he stuffs it on top of the lowest book shelf and hoped for the best.
Rounding the corner, as the secondary voice complained about books on the floor in the next aisle, stepped of all people...Brigitte LaPute. Recognizing Elliot instantly she stared with surprise. "Oh, hey Ms. LaPute. Are you following me?" He winced trying to play off charismatic.
"Monsieur Needy? Studying into the night are we?" She was torn between looking at his reaction, and the girl playing naïve at her computer.
"Trying to. I had troubles finding the right book for what we're studying. Oh, I told my Mom she had a twin sister over here in France. She laughed and told me to ask you for a picture."
"I see." She shared a hesitant glance wondering if this was his way of getting more pictures of her. Attempting to be professional she leaned an elbow on the bookcase and told him, "One. You may take my picture." While Elliot sat his book on the shelf to get his cell out she paused him with a finger, "Hold if you please." Stepping around him he checked out Brigitte's tight ass in her earlier skirt, this time however she wore fishnet stockings with a wide black lace top, from them were clipped black garters. His erection was baaaaaaaaack.
"Great! The girl must be in trouble over her site." He was just too naive.
"Giselle? Come sweetheart we have to go. I have...company coming." She gets the blonds attention and uses sign language to fill her in. Elliot was just clueless. He heard Brigitte say Giselle but that was about it. Pretty name Giselle. As the girl shut her computer off and gathered her things she realized that Elliot was still with her. She shyly smiled at him and fluttered her fingers his way as a friendly gesture. Brigitte narrowed her eyes at Elliot, wondering if they had already met, being in the same area of the library. "Have the two of you met?"
"No. She looked really busy so I tried to be as quiet as I could around her. Just...looking for black holes." He shared his books cover. Luckily at least it said Astronomy on the cover. She overlooked the rest. Giselle darted her gaze innocently between Brigitte and Elliot. Finally, Brigitte sighs.
"This is my daughter Giselle. Giselle? This young man is my student Monsieur Needy." She let the girl read her lips this time.
"Elliot." He prompts Brigitte, allowing Giselle to read his lips to embrace his first name basis. "This is...your daughter? Wow! I didn't realize you were...a Mom too."
"Yes. Monsieur Elliot Needy, I am a Mother of one. Please take your picture. I have business too attend to." Brigitte draws Giselle under her arm and allows her to be in the picture too. He started to take the photo then paused as the Librarian stepped around the aisle unexpectedly. Apologizing for her intrusion she steps back out of his shot.
"Wait. Can you take our picture?" He rushes to the elderly woman and hands her his phone, moving without asking behind both Brigitte and Giselle. As the old woman moves back and explores the cell function with poor eye sight Elliot feigns dropping his wallet on the floor. Bending down he snatches up not only his wallet but the dildo. Stashing Giselle's toy in her bag without being noticed was a smooth move. Settling behind the women Elliot winked at Giselle, then grinned at Brigitte when she turned to glance at him. She felt something amiss until she felt something tangible, Elliot had his hand on Brigitte's ass. With a cleared throat Brigitte chose to smile at the photographer without telling Elliot to remove his hand. Giselle tried very hard not to laugh. This boy was daringly cute in a nerdy sort of way.
"I think I have it figured out." The older woman spoke in French. "Say Francois."
It wasn't verbalized but it was recited within their thoughts. Elliot Needy had just made History. And, a curious new friend. Giselle during the photo had slipped her hand behind her and grabbed his dick. Yup! His eyes bulged. Nice pose Elliot.
"We must go." Brigitte took Giselle by the hand then ignores Elliot. He merely said his goodbyes.
"Nice meeting you Gizz." He realized how it sounded, but what the hell, she might not have heard him anyway. Brigitte herself had, a thin scowl led them downstairs. As the Librarian handed him the cell, taking her leave, he checked out the picture.
"MOOOOOOOOMMMY!" He purred. "GIZZZZZZELLE. I think I'm in love. Trouble too."
Wildwood, Pennsylvania...last time tonight...
After having hardcore sex in Elliot's bed for over an hour, Margo had stripped his bedding and was washing the sheets. As she returned to his room she once again sat on his bed sighing. "I should be ashamed of myself. Not only did I have incredible sex in my son's bed, I allowed his friends into it. Two of them no less. What kind of Mother are you?"
While stewing over her past actions she received the picture of her twin and Elliot himself. Opening it she stares with admiration, "She does look like me." The picture was followed by a text. "I'm in love Mom. This is Brigitte's daughter Giselle. Can I keep her? LOL!"
"No pets. LOL!" Margo giggled typing back.
"So not funny. She's amazing, Giselle. Her Mom scares me. LOL!"
"Take your time Elliot. You're over there to study, not..." She hesitates to talk to herself, "Paris is the city of love. How could I deny my boy any chance at romance?" Finishing her text with, "Don't ignore your studies over a beautiful young girl. Just breath Elliot. Just breath. Take this girl on a date."
"I need money for a date. LOL!"
"Ugggh! I'll have pictures and a video for Farouk by next week. Give me time to talk with Cabot." She sends it and falls back on to his bare mattress with regret. Seconds later Elliot replies one last time.
"I really want this girl Mom. Thank you." Hearts fly across the sea via Emoji's. Margo was such a sucker for love.
"There you are." Came a second chorus of that acknowledgment in under three hours. Lifting her head up she discovers Heath Talbot, and Brian Hancock standing in the doorway just as Eric and Cabot had earlier. Eyes flaring at their nudity, she gave up.
"Get in here." Sore muscles or not, both boys tore Momma up.
Elliot's bed would be sprayed with Febreze, the mattress turned over two hours later.
No regrets this time.
At least she cleaned up her mess.
Elliot? His mess was just starting.
She would likely have to clean up after him too.
==============
Coming soon : Cougar House 21 : D.M.V.