John knew Debbie was tipsy by her behaviour. They'd been given tickets to attend an evening ball, an awards ceremony that had been held in the town where they lived. Debbie had been enjoying the glasses of champagne being bought around by various waiters, and John realised Debbie was getting bored when she pulled the front of her dress down and flashed a nipple at him across their table.
She laughed, and turning around John saw that a man sitting on the table behind him had seen her do so, albeit a quick flash he'd looked over just at the right time. Debbie reached out a foot under the table, and letting her shoe fall off her foot, stroked her nylon-clad foot across John's crotch.
"Can we go yet?" she giggled across the table.
"It finishes in about thirty minutes, you'll have to be patient," John replied.
"Well okay, fetch my shoe from under the table for me then please?" she replied.
John moved his chair and bent down, to see Debbie's legs wide and her hand straying between them. Even from under the table, he heard her moan. He got back up and handed her shoe back, grinning as he did so.
"He's frowning now, you blocked his view," Debbie laughed.
John turned again to see the man laughing at their antics, putting a thumb up to John. As the evening ended and John and Debbie left, she turned and put something in John's hand.
"Let's walk home, we can shortcut through the park," Debbie told him.
John looked down to see Debbie's freshly discarded knickers in his hand, still warm from where she'd been wearing them, the gusset damp. He looked up towards Debbie, who had started to walk down the road. They hadn't driven because of knowing they'd be drinking, but knowing how Debbie hated walking too far in heels, he was surprised she didn't want to get a taxi home, especially after the last time (see part 2).
It would take them around forty minutes to get back home, avoiding the park would add another twenty minutes or so. He saw Debbie fumbling with her clothes, then she turned and triumphantly showed him she'd removed her front-fastening bra. Stuffing the bra into her handbag, she undid her top buttons and flashed her 34C tits at John, walking backwards as she left them out.
Laughing as she realised there was someone on the other side of the road who hadn't noticed, too busy staring into his phone, she turned and pulled the back of her dress up, her round arse cheeks bobbing as she walked. John caught up with her, playfully slapping her buttocks, then sliding a hand between her legs. He handed her the knickers back and she added them to her handbag too.
"Fancy a dare?" he asked.
"Oooh, what?" she asked gleefully.
"It's about a hundred yards to the park entrance, take off your dress and hand it to me, and you can have it back when we get there," John told her.
"You want me to walk naked all that way?" Debbie shrieked.
"Well there aren't many people or traffic about, it will be fine," John answered, "I'm going to walk behind you."
He'd barely finished talking before Debbie took a big deep breath and pulled her dress up over her head. She handed it to John, standing in front of him in just her heels, black stockings and suspender belt.
"Oh fuck, my heart is pounding," she cried out.
She took another gulp of air and walked down the road, now and again turning and cupping her tits in John's direction. By the time she'd reached the park entrance, she'd been wolf-whistled by some lads walking the other way on the other side of the road and had three cars honk their horns at her. As she reached the entrance, she bent forward and grabbed her ankles, another car passing and John heard them shouting their approval. By the time John caught up with her at the park, her chest was falling and rising and her breathing was very heavy.
"Holy shit that was a rush," she cried out.
She reached a hand down to John's crotch and rubbed the front of his trousers, and held the other out for her dress.
"You may as well stay like that through the park too, it's darker, unless you're cold or scared," John said, "and I want to get some pictures," he grinned, taking his phone out.
Debbie laughed and walked off down the pathway, into the park itself. The path had lights now and again, most of the time she'd be in darkness and then like walking on stage into a spotlight. Each time she reached a light Debbie would pose, more suggestively until she reached one and just started sliding fingers into her wet pussy.
The squelching sounds echoed across the still night air, Debbie looking around in wonder if anyone could hear. A little further on they came across an old bandstand, paint chipped and rusted all over, half of its old roof missing. There was a little light on one side from the last lamp they'd passed, and John urged Debbie to pose on the steps leading up to the bandstand.
He moved around her as she sat on the steps, legs up and then parted wide as John took pictures between her legs. Touching herself again, John playfully smacked her hand away, telling her to control herself until they got home. Debbie turned and knelt, wiggling her arse at John invitingly. She crawled around the bandstand, telling John there was cardboard lying on the far side.
"Shall we carry on?" John asked.
"I need the toilet first, do you know if there are any?" Debbie asked.
"If there are I doubt they'll be open," John answered, "piss over there where it's darker."
Debbie stood and walked to the other side of the bandstand while John climbed the steps following her. As she started pissing John started videoing her.
"What are you doing for fucks sake?" Debbie hissed, "Do you like this sort of thing?"
"You never know, I might put this online and see how many views I'd get. Don't worry, you can't see your face," he laughed.
Debbie frowned at him, then gasped. Her eyes getting used to the dark, she could just make out the shape of a body. She pointed towards it, telling John, unable to move until she stopped pissing. She stopped and looked at John.
"There's a man asleep here, I assume he's homeless," she whispered loud enough for John to hear.
She edged a little closer, the smell of his clothes making her gag a little. His clothes were full of holes, his old trainers too, and judging by his unkempt beard it had been quite a while since he'd last shaved.
"Is he moving?" John asked.
"No, he's snoring so he's still asleep, why?" Debbie asked.
John laughed and pointed the camera at her, then did a mock pose.
"Here? Right by him?" Debbie hissed.
John nodded and took a picture. Debbie took a deep breath, looked down at the dishevelled man and stood facing John. She parted her legs and pinched at her nipples, looking at him now and again to see if he was aware. Still gently snoring, she saw John encouraging her.
Debbie lifted a leg and placed it on the other side of his body, then twisted and leaned her hands against the rail of the bandstand, John taking pictures of her arse.
"Squat down a little more, let's get some pictures of his face in shot," John laughed.
Debbie was scared but very turned on. She was scared at him waking up and finding them there, wondering what his reaction would be, but turned on that she was doing this with him unaware. She lifted the other foot so they were both on the other side of him, then lowered until her pussy was inches from his face. She saw the look of excitement on John's face as he took the pictures, and then he motioned her to move.
She knew what he wanted as he changed angles, going to stand by the man's head. She moved a foot back across and then squatted again as John took pictures, this time looking like she was sitting on his face. Debbie could feel how damp her pussy was and wondered if she was so wet that she was going to drip down onto his face.
John motioned her to move again as he went to stand by his legs. He urged her to put her hands down on either side of his hips, right by his filthy dirty sweatpants. He told her to stay like that as he went to take pictures of her arse hovering just above the man's face, then came back around.
"I can see the shape of his cock through his trousers," Debbie giggled.
"Push them down a little, I dare you," John laughed.
Debbie went to stand up and John stopped her, telling her to stay as she was. Debbie paused, took a deep breath, and carefully pushed a thumb under the waistband as John took more pictures. She pushed slightly, feeling them lower a little, then stopped dead as he stirred underneath her. Had she woken him? No, he was snoring still.
It seemed like an eternity until finally his sweat pants had been pushed down enough that his cock sprang free into the open air. Debbie gasped again upon seeing it. Despite it being very dirty looking and a pungent smell coming from there, his cock was a very good size, around seven inches flaccid.
"Dare you to squat and finger yourself over his cock, you don't have to wait to get home to cum if you want," John smiled.
Debbie shot him a look of mock surprise, then had a quick look around. He was still sleeping, and there seemed to be nobody else about. Her heart raced as she crouched, her arse facing his head, staring down at his cock as she slid her fingers along and into her wet pussy.
"Oh god I'm so wet, it sounds so loud," Debbie whispered as her pussy squelched at her touch.
John laughed as he moved around a little more, taking more pictures as he did so.
"Would it bother you if he woke up?" John asked.
"No! I know you've started letting other men fuck me, but this isn't it, no way," Debbie hissed.
Debbie looked behind her at the sleeping man, then put a hand onto the bandstand railing and twisted slightly. Now her pussy was just an inch from his cock. She closed her eyes and despite what she'd told John, she imagined the homeless man waking up and upon seeing her naked on top of him, his cock start to erect and push into her folds.
"What the fuck are you doing to my mate? an angry voice shouted.
Debbie opened her eyes to see a second homeless man had walked up the bandstand stairs, not seeing John who crouched further along. He was dragging an old soiled mattress with him, his clothes and beard as dishevelled and dirty as the first man.
"Sorry, we were just having a bit of fun," Debbie answered worriedly.
"We didn't mean any harm, we'll go now and leave you alone," John told him.
The second man turned to look at John, who he hadn't seen. He saw the phone in his hand and stared angrily at him.
"What gives you the right to think you can come and fuck around with us, just because we're down on our luck. Do you think it's funny or something?" he shouted.
Neither got a chance to answer as the raised voices alerted other people in the park. Footsteps could be heard getting closer until a group of three men and a young woman ran up the stairs.
"Are you okay mate?" one of them asked.
"These pair of perverts thought it funny to be filming my mate while he was asleep," the second homeless man said.
"Why is my cock out?" the first homeless man said, now awake but groggy.
The new group had now taken in the scene, the homeless man lying on the floor, the naked woman crouched over him, and the other man standing with his phone in his hand. One of the group, quite a big guy, walked over to John and snatched the phone out of his hand.
"Oi, give me that back," John shouted.
He cried out as someone else punched him in the stomach, telling him to shut the fuck up. John clutched at his stomach, then felt two sets of hands pulling him upright.
"Get his wallet," the girl told them.
John tried to stop them but was held tightly. They handed it to her. She was staring at Debbie now.
"It's the same slag that was walking up the street naked. I think we should make her, and make him watch," she laughed.
"Make me what?" Debbie asked nervously.
"I think you should fuck both of these gentlemen as a sorry for being pricks towards them," she snorted.
"No way," Debbie cried out.
"I didn't say you had a choice, you seemed to want to a few minutes ago. What do you guys think?" she said, looking at the two homeless guys.
"Well, it's been a while since I've felt a pussy on my cock," the second homeless guy said, what do you think Mike?"
"I'd like a piece of that too Steve," Mike told his friend.
Debbie started moaning and arguing and the girl walked over and slapped her face. She told her to shut up, then pushed her down onto the mattress on all fours. John tried to get away but his attempts were futile. The girl slapped Debbie hard across the buttocks, the sound echoing across the park.
"Fucking hell Nina," one of the lads laughed.
She stared at John again, her face explosive.
"Keep trying to get free, she gets slapped hard each time got it?" Nina laughed.
She reached down and slid a hand between Debbie's legs, then looked at Mike and Steve.
"She must have liked your cock Mike, she's fucking soaked," she announced.
Steve walked over and slid his fingers roughly into Debbie, then moved around and shoved them into her mouth. A mixture of him being rough, and the taste of his unwashed hands made Debbie gag.
"You guys need lubing up, although it would be fun if you went in dry on her," Nina said, "I think she needs to slobber on your cocks don't you?" she laughed.
Steve nodded and quickly dropped his trousers, his 7" cock already erect and jutting out in front of him. He walked in front of Debbie and offered his cock to her. Debbie looked up at Nina pleadingly.
"You don't have to do it," John shouted.
He got a punch to the stomach and the face as he said it, and Nina slapped Debbie's face too.
"Leave him alone," Debbie cried out, "we're both sorry."
"Do as you're told then," Nina told her.
"Sorry baby, I can't see you getting hurt, I have to do this," Debbie told John.
John had a resigned look on his face as Debbie took a deep breath and opened her mouth, then sank it onto Steve's cock. She gagged as she took him in a little further each time, the smell of his unwashed body filling her nostrils. She felt his cock removed, and then a dry cock slid in. This one was bigger, and she knew it was Mike. She slobbered on his cock, then she heard Nina cry out.
"Clean their balls too now," she ordered.
She pulled her mouth off the cock, and then saw them standing on either side of her. Holding a cock in each hand and pushing them up towards their stomachs, she took turns licking on each set.
"Turn around and bend over guys, she may as well clean your arseholes too," Nina said.
"No, please no," Debbie pleaded before shutting up as Nina slapped her hard across the arse.
Debbie squealed in pain, releasing her grip on them both. As she looked up again, Mike and Steve had turned and were looking back at her.
"Use your hands to pull their buttocks wide apart, get that tongue of yours right in there," Nina laughed.
Debbie pleaded again and once more she got a hard smack across the arse. She reached out and stuck her tongue into Steve's wet arse crack, then her tongue slid across his puckered hole. She gagged again, but seeing Nina glaring at her she forced herself to carry on. She heard John cry out as presumably he got punched again. She'd thought at first John had set this up, that he'd known all about this, but hearing him cry out she knew he wouldn't have planned to be beaten while this happened.
Her mind wandered away, trying not to think about what she was doing, and after a few minutes, she found herself being moved and pushed to the floor. She was lying across the mattress and felt hands pushing down on her hips. Suddenly her breath was taken away as a cock was forced deep inside her pussy, his balls slapping against her inner thighs. She tried to look up but hands held her head down, her face rubbing across the filthy stained mattress as whoever was behind her fucked her crudely.
The hands moved onto her hip, pushing her completely flat across the mattress, and Debbie felt a knee push between her legs and push them apart, his thighs keeping her in place. Still unable to look up, her face now on the frayed edge of the mattress which rubbed across her cheek, she could just make out another cock being stroked ready for its turn.
Her face was turned sideways so that she could watch this one being wanked. He was big, around nine inches long, and assumed it was Mike, the first homeless guy she'd been posing over. She could see legs, three pairs of jeans belonging to the lads, and the skirt and fishnet tights that Nina wore. She knew now that it was Steve fucking her. He kept changing his angle slightly, all the while trying to push his cock further and further into her.
"Don't cum up her yet Steve, although he would be funny if you babied her," Nina laughed, "plenty of time for that."
"Yeah, come on Steve, let me have a go," Mike announced.
Debbie had been sobbing a little while being fucked hard, but when Steve pulled out she had to hide her dismay. Despite the situation, she'd been enjoying the hard fucking she'd been getting. She felt hands on her back again, and this time she knew it was Mike as his much longer cock forced the breath out of her. He squeezed her legs together as he fucked her, pulling her buttocks apart so he could watch his cock slide into her.
He was as relentless as Steve, pounding into her as hard as he possibly could, his arse like a piston engine. Debbie felt her stomach flutter, and although she didn't want to let John see she was actually enjoying it, her body was going to let him know soon enough. She started pushing her arse back up at Mike as much as his position allowed her to, her sobs changing to moans and groans.
"Fucking hell she's loving your cock, Mike," Nina screamed.
Mike moved his hands to either side of Debbie's head, his body weight on her, the pungent smell of his body odour filled her nostrils once more. She tried to hold her breath, but Mike's pounding wouldn't let her.
"Lift her head, let hubby see how much she's enjoying it," Nina giggled.
Mike laughed and grabbed a handful of her hair, making Debbie cry out as he yanked her head upwards, holding her as steady as he could so she looked directly at John. Her mascara had run from her eyes down over her cheeks, her lipstick smeared around her mouth and chin. Nina heard her groans and recognised the signs.
"Tell hubby how much you're enjoying it Debbie, and no lying or John gets a few punches again," Nina instructed.
Debbie nodded at John, not wanting to hurt him any more than the guys had already. She looked at him, trying to remain placid, but her moans escaped as Mike slammed into her. Nina nodded at one of her friends who punched John in the stomach again.
"Tell him the truth or else," Nina shouted.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck," was all Debbie could muster as she found her body starting to shake, and her orgasm ripped through her.
Mike carried on fucking her through her cumming, his hands under her chin now so John could see the contentment on her face.
"I'm sorry John, but he's so big," Debbie sobbed.
"You guys fancy getting your cocks sucked?" she asked her friends.
"Even me?" Max asked.
"Even you boyfriend, but let Tom and Pete go first okay?" Nina smiled.
She turned and looked at Mike and Steve.
"You know what hubby needs to see? His dirty bitch wife riding you so he can see her enjoying her cock filled pussy for himself," she laughed.
"But what about him?" Tom asked, still holding John firmly with Pete.
"Fasten him to the bandstand or something if you don't want to miss out," Nina replied.
Max held him steady while the others searched around, being bigger built and taller John was held firmly while the others found some old rope and tied him to the railings, then Max put some rope around his forehead so he couldn't move his head, making him look directly at Debbie.
Steve had lay down now and Debbie seemingly willingly lowered onto his cock, groaning while smiling at John. Steve's hands held her hips while she reached out and grabbed Tom and Pete, standing on either side and taking turns feeding their cocks into her mouth, their jeans lowered to the floor.
"You chose wisely John, she's a good dirty bitch by the look of it," Nina told him.
"Oh fuck John, I'm cumming again," Debbie cried out right on cue.
As she shouted out Steve grunted loudly, emptying his balls into Debbie's pussy as she sat plugged on him, his semen shooting deep into her. Tom and Pete held under her arms as he slid from under her, and held her steady crouched.
"Look, John, look at Steve's cum dripping from her. Look how contented she looks," Nina laughed.
Mike took Steve's place, the others holding Debbie while she slid down onto him. After just a few thrusts, his cock coated in her juices and the remnants of Steve's cum, he lifted her off him and lined his cock against her arse. Debbie groaned as Mike grabbed her hips and pulled her sharply down onto him.
"Oh fuck, you've split my arse open, be gentle with me," Debbie pleaded.
"Fuck no," Mike said.
Tom and Pete still had a hand under each of her armpits, holding her up while Mike fucked her hard from underneath. Their other hands gripped their cocks, wanking while Debbie wasn't sucking them down. Mike's hands reached up and he mauled at Debbie's tits, squeezing and raking his fingers across them, his dirty uncut fingernails leaving deep red marks over them. He pulled her nipples, twisting and pinching them as Debbie yelped in between cocks fucking her mouth.
"She'd cumming again John, look at her legs shaking," Nina laughed.
Debbie cried out loudly and as she shook, arse still plugged with Mike's big cock, Tom and Pete came within seconds of each other, coating her tits with their heavy loads.
"You really can join in Max, I don't want you missing out tonight," Nina told him seductively, "we can fuck later while remembering it," she giggled.
"Only if you're sure," Max replied.
"Oh I'm sure, I think John will enjoy watching you and Mike double-teaming her," she laughed.
She stroked the front of Max's jeans, undid his zip and belt, and slid his jeans down to his ankles. John and Debbie both groaned loudly for different reasons as 12" of solid cock was unveiled. Mike had moved now, Debbie kneeling on the floor transfixed on Max's cock bobbing about as he shuffled over towards her.
"Grab her ankles, lads," he said, Tom and Pete laughing as they did so, knowing what was about to happen.
Taking an ankle each they pulled them right back, Debbie lying on her back with her ankles on either side of her head, her heels pressed against her ears. Her arse faced John as Max stood over her, pushing his cock downwards and lining it up against her arsehole. He pushed his cock in, one continuous motion until his balls rested against her back. He started fucking her, turning to look over his shoulder.
"Perfect babe, hope she likes it as much as I do," Nina giggled, "and John has a great view of her arse gripping your cock tight. Look how it holds on as he withdraws John," she teased.
Max pushed into her, each thrust pushing his bodyweight down onto Debbie, uncomfortable in this position but unashamedly enjoying this fat cock stretching her arse wide open. She groaned louder and louder until Mike turned her head to the side and started to fuck her mouth. Now she gagged, she'd long gotten more used to the body odour smell of the two homeless men, but his cock tasted of a mixture of their juices, plus the cum load emptied onto her tits was seeping down into her mouth too.
After a while they swapped, Mike's cock still good but a little relief from Max's thicker bigger cock inside her. Instead, he fucked her mouth hard. He looked over at Nina who signalled to him with a thumbs up, then whispered something to Mike.
"Now, you'll enjoy this Johnny boy," Nina said.
Mike lay on the floor, feet pointing towards John. The others pulled Debbie up and lined her up. She didn't need any encouragement to lower onto Mike's cock again, but as she started riding him Max stopped her. He went behind her, pushed her forward, and then quickly slid his big fat cock straight into her arse. Debbie yelped and shouted out, and her moans were subdued when Mike grabbed her neck and pulled her to him, kissing her and sliding his tongue into her mouth. Debbie gagged again, his dirty breath filling her mouth.
Looking up now, she saw the other three guys standing in front of her, cocks in hand, pointing them at her, while Nina walked around them, John's phone in her hand, taking pictures of them. Debbie was too far gone to worry about what Nina was doing, or what John thought. She reached out grabbed two cocks and started wanking them as the other was pushed into her mouth.
"Are you enjoying it John, or do you feel left out?" Nina laughed, "I don't think Debbie can accommodate you right now."
She pulled her skirt up and turned, bending over so John could see she had no knickers on. A surprisingly round arse was covered only by her black fishnet tights. Nina reached behind herself and pulled the fabric, hearing it tear a little. She felt around with her hands, then satisfied turned back to John. Facing him, she squatted and pulled down his zip, and pulled his trousers to his ankles, his erection bobbing out at her.
"Oooh, that's not too bad John, it's better than I expected," Nina purred.
She turned again, bent over and shuffled backwards until John's erection pushed her wet labia apart a little.
"I thought Debbie could watch you too, but she seems a little too preoccupied to notice," Nina giggled.
As she finished speaking she pushed back hard onto John until his pubic hair pushed against her buttocks. She grabbed her ankles so as not to get in the way of him seeing his wife with all holes filled, and starting riding him. Each time she felt him push into her or his cock start to twitch she'd pull off him.
"No cumming just yet John, I know you're excited watching your wife have lots of fun, but she's not finished yet."
She slid back onto John's cock and kept him firmly in place, pushing right back into his stomach to stop him from thrusting into her. They watched on for a few minutes, Debbie wildly flailing around as Mike and Max fucked her pussy and arse, Steve emptying his load across her face as she wanked Tom and Pete. Soon they leaned in and added their loads to Steve's, Debbie's face almost fully covered in their cum. Her tongue lapped out, trying to lick some down into her throat. Her body let go again and she came again, Max and Mike still going strong.
Mike eventually groaned and his cum load shot deep into Debbie's pussy, but he lay prone with his cock still inside her as Max altered his angle and seemed to get faster still. A couple of minutes later he came, pushing deep into Debbie's arse as he came, Debbie crying out at him pushing deeper still and his cock pulsing inside her.
Nina started thrusting on John's cock again, her fingers a blur on her clit, as the guys moved Debbie and placed her cum covered body face down in front of John.
"Look at all that cum dribbling from her pussy and arse John, does it look good?" Nina laughed.
She felt his cock jerk and pulled off him, quickly squatting by his side and wanking him with one hand while the other rubbed furiously at her clit. John couldn't help himself, his wife's well fucked pussy and arse staring at him, and he started to cum. As Nina wanked him, he shot string after string across Debbie's back, some mixing with the load seeping from her worn arsehole. Nina came too, then casually stood and taking Max's hand, they walked off across the bandstand and the park, followed by Tom and Pete laughing.
Debbie summoned all her remaining strength to undo John's bindings, then pulled on her dress. Her face was a mess, cum still lined across her cheeks and forehead, but she just wanted to get home. Neither she nor John said a word to each other as they gingerly walked off down the steps to the bandstand.
"You know where we'll be if you want another go sometime," Steve laughed,
He showed Mike the cash Nina had given him from the wallet before she'd handed it back to John, along with the phone with the many pictures of that night.