This story is a from a role playing game and takes place in a mining village, where a beast has just been slain, the people freed from its tyranny. The story features a character called 'the rigger' from a different story, 'Accidentally Tied and Denied' by the same author.
*
Sheriff Borash yells, "Praise to Ada, for she has slain the beast!"
A chorus of cheers rises up from the villagers of Nimick.
--[ Ada ]------------------------------------------------------------
She is a beautiful siren. An adorably messy shag of fiery red hair tops her head, the tousled styling showcasing subtle highlights with a few bangs left to tickle merrily on her forehead. Her angular face is smooth and tapers neatly to a gentle chin. A pair of large, sapphire-blue eyes complemented by a small, slightly upturned nose, and full sensual lips adorn her visage. Like most of her racial sisters, she appears comely with a tightly worked out figure and lustrous skin that seems to glow in the faintest light. She has a tall stature just shy of six feet, accentuating her lissom, curvaceous profile.
She is wearing:
an adorable red beret with a skull motif
a sleek black camisole top
a baggy pair of pantaloons in black silk
(innocent looking panties in black silk)
a pair of comfortable knee-high suede boots
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Her conquest over the mine's beast complete, Ada collects her reward and flits through the streets of Nimick as she makes her way to the village's only inn, beaming at the many villagers who nod and clap for their hero as she passes them. Leaving her weapons outside per the local custom, she ducks through the low door and giggles shyly as the crowd cheers for her. Making her way to the bar, she takes a stool and orders a cool drink, blushing as her gaze fails to miss the ample cleavage of the server.
Her feet cheerfully dangling from the stool, Ada sips merrily at her orange juice as the barkeep regales her with the many troubles the fallen beast was, her attention meandering between his stories and the beautiful young woman flirting with the patrons. She watches the wench leans over a guest, and giggles as she notices his gaze helplessly glancing down her blouse, but quickly looks away as she is made out, her cheeks turning pink as she spies the wench blow a kiss at her from the corner of her eye.
"Beautiful, isn't she?"
Ada blinks as a familiar voice draws her attention, and turns to find the 'rigger' taking a stool beside her, biting her lips as she remembers him from that other ship, but nods politely at him as she says, "That she is. What brings you around these parts? This is quite far from the sea."
"Ahh let's call it wanderlust," the rigger says as he orders a drink for himself, and turns to Ada as he continues, "And what are you pretending to be here, impostor?"
Ada giggles at the rigger's comment and pushes some bangs out of her face as she says, "I'll have you known I'm a hero around these parts and they're currently celebrating my triumph over the beast in the mines," her chest swelling with pride as some newly arriving patrons loudly raise their drinks for her, confirming her claim.
"An impressive feat, I'm sure," the rigger says, chuckling as Ada makes a face at him and continues, "I do have something for you, if you'd like. I'm sure you would." Nodding at her piqued expression, he reaches into his pack and pulls out a strip of lapis-blue leather about two fingers wide, an unmistakable hoop at one end to accommodate a padlock and just one anchoring hole at the other end, the construct clearly cut and crafted for a specific size. Placing the collar flat on the oak bar, he slides it towards Ada, his fingers framing the yet empty space for embroidery on it, his gaze curiously studying her expression as he says, "It matches the colour of your eyes, doesn't it?"
Her jaw hanging at the offering, Ada licks her lips absentmindedly and nods shyly as she reaches for it, but blinks as the rigger pulls it back towards him, her cheeks turning pink as she tears her gaze off it and casts an inquisitive glance at him.
"You're going to have to earn it this time, miss," the rigger says, smiling at her blank expression as he continues, "Would you like to?"
"I.. guess? I mean--" Ada begins, her gaze returning to the object as she goes, "--yes! I do." Looking at the rigger squarely in the eyes, she tilts her head as she says, "What do you want for it?"
"I want you to strip naked and give this village a show, miss--" the rigger says simply, carefully placing the collar between Ada and himself as he adds, "--and this shall be yours to wear."
"What." Ada blinks and shakes her head in disbelief, returning to her drink as she lets her gaze wander again, pointedly ignoring the rigger as she murmurs, "You've got some nerve."
As the rigger says nothing for a while, Ada steals a quick glance at the collar again, and hums innocently as she looks around, pretending to be interested in the inn's activities as she flicks her gaze at the various patrons, her grip on her glass growing firmer as she tries to distract herself from the distinct stirring between her legs.
Curling her toes in her boots at the rigger's continued lack of words, Ada squeezes her thighs and lets out a strained grunt before she finally says, "Ugh, fine! You win!" and quickly finishes her drink as she looks around, her cheeks turning pink in anticipation as she takes stock.
Slipping off her stool, Ada walks over to the bar wench and catches her carrying a large tray of drinks, where she blocks her path and cheerfully places her beret on her head while leaning in to whisper something into her ear; the other girl gaping at whatever she heard, but she nods approvingly nevertheless, licking her lips as she devours the Siren from head to toe with her eyes. "Let me take this for you," Ada says as she takes the tray from the wench with a wink, and giggles as the girl taps her on the nose and points her to the various tables waiting for their orders.
The tray of drinks heavy in her hands for lack of practice, Ada tiptoes carefully to the nearest table, beaming at the patrons as she serves their drinks, a mischievous grin playing on her lips as she attempts the lean-over manoeuvre. As she reaches her second table, a loud bell draws everybody's attention to the bar wench at the counter, at which she freezes and listens with bated breath, her gaze rapidly flitting across the patrons' faces.
"Hear ye, hear ye! Our Hero--" the bar wench begins, gesturing at Ada as she continues, "--has decided to spice up our sleepy little village." Leaning seductively on the bar, she continues slowly, "And so from this hour, the table placing an order bigger than the last," she pauses for a second to let it sink in, "can take -one- article of clothing from her," her gaze seemingly undressing the Siren, "till -nothing- remains on her person."
Her cheeks turning pink at the announcement, Ada giggles shyly and sets the tray down before climbing on a table, where she lifts her arms as she turns around slowly, letting the patrons have a good look at her and what's on offer in the inn's low light. She laughs as people start placing bets already, blushing as a few calls sound off for her 'time' as well, but steps down and begins serving again, seductively leaning over tables as she tries to ramp up the bids.
A low bell drawing her attention to the bar wench, Ada peeks over her shoulder as she reaches her third table, and smiles shyly as she gets the signal to give up something here. Her tray completely empty as she gives out the last of the drinks, she smiles pleasantly at the patrons as she plants a foot on the table's edge, and leans on her thigh as she undoes her boots one after the other before handing them off, winking at the 'aww's of disappointment before spinning on her heels and sauntering off to get more servings.
With no signal from the bar wench on the next few tables, Ada finds herself working hard as she fulfils increasingly larger orders, but lets the patrons grope and feel her down through her clothes; the many hands on her body fanning her rapidly climbing arousal while the knot of anticipation in her stomach intensifies, her hardening nipples visibly poking through the thin material of her camisole even in the low light.
The news apparently leaked to the entire village, Ada watches incredulously as more and more patrons pour in, and squints suspiciously at the rigger as she carries a particularly large order past him, making a face as he smiles back at her, still sipping on his first drink.
Her body now glistening with a thin sheen of sweat, Ada breathes a sigh of relief as the bell sounds off at the next table, and blushes at the late realisation of its meaning, her cheeks turning crimson as she finds her tray getting emptied faster than she anticipated. Taking a deep breath and setting her tray aside, she climbs on the table and walks seductively towards a patron sitting at the far end, the many rounds of serving teaching her who's actually paying, and steps into his lap before crouching down. Planting her knees into the crooks of his elbows, she firmly arrests his arms before leaning over him with her hands on his shoulders, the drawstrings of her pantaloons dangling an inch before his face.
Licking her lips as the man takes the hint and tugs the drawstring free with his mouth, Ada slips the waistband of her pantaloons between his teeth and leans back slowly, letting go of his arms as she reaches behind to prop her hands on the table. Making him follow and lean over till her bottom is resting on the edge, she lies on her back and hooks her legs on his shoulders, his face now framed between her thighs, the decidedly naughty pose eliciting many a ooh's and aah's from the watching crowd. Folding her arms under her head in a makeshift pillow, she winks merrily at him and lifts her chin as if to say 'go ahead,' her breath somewhat shallow at her own antics.
Blushing as the man proves a good sport and slowly pulls her pantaloons down her thighs with only his teeth, Ada lets out a giggle as he leans back and manages it only till her shins, at which she cheekily calls him out, "Get up! Don't be lazy!" Her eyes growing wide as the call for action prompts the man to stand up, she bites her lip as she watches him arrest her thighs in a burly arm while he removes the rest of the garment up and off her feet, the outline of his excited member brushing against her bottom rousing goosebumps on her skin. She waits a couple of moments for him to let go, and giggles as fleeting whispers of her conquest on the beast force him back into his chair with an apologetic expression on his face, but blows him a kiss anyway before rolling on her tummy and crawling off the table on all fours, arching her back as she seductively sways her hips, letting everyone have an eyeful, the charcoal finger smudges on her thighs somehow accentuating her creamy white skin.
Now clad in only a camisole and a skimpy thong, Ada gets back to work with her cheek matching the colour of her hair, the inn growing rowdy as the night progresses. Still letting the patrons feel her down in spite of missing pants, she walks around sporting a large number of finger smudges on her arms and legs, most of them concentrated behind her thighs with some fresh ones appearing on her exposed bottom. With the bell still silent, she bites her lip as a patron discovers the slickness between her thighs and decides to tease her about it, and finds herself climbing into his lap as she pours out a drink, a shy moan escaping her lips as he doodles around her navel with a thick finger.
Slipping off the patron's lap with some reluctance, Ada returns to the bar to refill her tray, and frowns at the rigger who grins amusedly at her, her brows raising in surprise at finding him still on his first drink.
"You could have just undressed yourself, miss. But this is far more entertaining, I'll give you that," the rigger says, raising his glass at Ada.
The comment flushing her ears, Ada giggles shyly and shuffles her feet as she murmurs, "I figured it would help the inn..," and smiles as the rigger agrees with her. The bell sounding off again, she blinks at finding herself staring at the collar still lying innocently on the bartop, but quickly tears her eyes off it as she turns to the tables, her gaze drawn to the bar wench at a far corner, beckoning her towards a wealthy looking patron sitting alone near the fireplace.
Picking an order of only a large bowl full of strawberries in whipped cream, Ada makes her way to the new patron, curiously tilting her head as she tries to place his face, the visage familiar but not quite in her grasp. She blushes as he stops her from setting the bowl down and invites her into his lap instead, and finds herself inexplicably drawn to his charm as she complies right away, the throbbing between her legs matching her racing heart.
Her legs pulled to a side, Ada makes herself comfortable on the patron's lap, leaning into his arm encircling her waist, giggling at the tickling sensation as he caresses the curve of her bottom with a strong hand. Setting the bowl of strawberries on her lap, she blushes as she feels him growing stiff under her thighs, but waits patiently as he takes his time, his hand caressing her cheek bringing a fresh flush on her face, before his finger tracing the outline of her breasts sends a shiver down her spine.
Picking a strawberry from her bowl, Ada swirls it in the whipped cream for a moment before she offers the man his treat, but bites her lip as he elects to drop it into her cleavage instead, a shy moan escaping her lips as he leans in and presses his face to her chest. "Okaay--," she says as the man nibbles on his treat for a moment before he licks the whipped cream out of her cleavage, and blinks as he takes the bowl off her and asks her to step down. Utterly confused, she slips off his lap and tentatively plays with the strap of her camisole as she asks, "I suppose I'm keeping this?" and steps closer as he beckons her over, only to be given another cream-smeared-strawberry into her cleavage. She giggles shyly at this but leans over for him anyway, arching her back and raising her chin as she offers herself, blinking again as he shakes his head and motions her to a different patron instead.
His intentions suddenly dawning on her, Ada lets out a shy 'Ohh! Oh.. oh, dear' at the man, but giggles and dips in a low curtsey for him as she decides to play along, shuffling over to the marked patron who grins expectantly at her. Squeezing her thighs as she lets the patron eat out of her cleavage, she returns dutifully and is immediately sent on a new round, the cycle repeating each time with a different patron, the activity fanning her smouldering arousal till she runs out of strawberries.
With only whipped cream left in the man's bowl, Ada raises an eyebrow at him, and lets out a shy giggle as he invites her into his lap again, this time making her straddle him instead. Her cheeks burning crimson from the development, she lifts her arms as her camisole is finally pulled off her, her hands back on the man's shoulders as he begins to smear her naked breasts with the remaining cream. Moaning shyly as she lets him have his way, she flexes her thighs as she feels his tongue gliding over her soft flesh, the gentle nips on her skin along with the feel of his strong hands on her back thoroughly inflaming the fire between her legs. Her grip tight on the man's shoulder as she struggles to resist the temptation to touch herself, she begins to swing her hips in a bid to rub herself against his straining member, but moans as the last of the whipped cream is licked off her.
Gasping as she takes a few moments to catch her breath and settle down, Ada lets out an exaggerated growl as she forces herself out of the patron's lap, but bites her lips as she turns around and feels the many gazes on her naked breasts. Instinctively raising an arm to cover herself, she quickly realises the futility of it as she approaches the bar again to pick her tray, blushing as the bar wench leers openly at her and offers to rub her clean with a wet towel. She nods gratefully at the girl and gasps as she gets to work right away, stifling a moan as the cheap fabric dragging all over her skin reignites the fire in her loins, her knees almost buckling by the time her 'bath' is over.
With a new tray full of drinks and only a thong left on her person, Ada takes a deep breath and returns to serving the inn's patrons, blushing as the bell goes off as soon as she reaches the first table. Quickly identifying the paying guest in the group, she sets the tray aside and steps on the table, picking a large jug of rum as she walks seductively towards him, her eyes smouldering with otherworldly beauty.
As she reaches the head of the table, Ada beckons the patron to lean ahead with a hooked finger, and naughtily lifts a foot up to his chin, where she begins pouring the rum down her leg in a trickle, letting him drink it off her toes. Humming innocently, she slowly lowers the amount of rum she pours, forcing the man to climb higher and higher on her legs with his lips, and giggles as she eventually brings his face up to her thighs, her cheeks burning as she realizes he's getting to taste more than just rum down there. Her jug empty, she smiles down at the man now standing before her, and pulls his hands up to her hips, blushing as she feels his palms gliding over the waistband of her thong, but nods at him after a moment's deliberation.
Her eyes closing shyly as she feels herself being exposed, Ada rolls her head back and lets out a delighted moan as she feels the garment gliding down her legs, her skin prickled with goosebumps as the crowd cheers wildly for her. The man's face still inches from her pink sex, she watches him collect her thong by her ankles and almost lets out a sigh as he settles down in his seat instead of tasting her, but bites a lip and steps back, lifting her arms as she turns around slowly, letting the patrons devour every inch of her with their eyes before stepping down, her contract complete.
Her skin tingling from head to toe, Ada makes her way to the rigger with a triumphant expression on her face, still naked and glistening in sweat, her hands idly gliding over the front of her thighs as she resists creating a scene by touching herself. Spying her 'present' still lying on the bar before the rigger, she reaches out for it and blinks in surprise as it's snatched out of her reach, her gaze quickly finding it in the bar wench's hands across the counter. She giggles as the wench holds it out for her and reaches for it again, but stares as the wench pulls back just in time before holding it out again with both hands, blushing as her intentions finally dawn on her.
Letting the wench have her way, Ada blows her a kiss and leans over the bar with her hands pulled behind her back, her chin raised as she offers her neck, blushing as the wench naughtily positions in a way so as to make her bend over for it. Her cheeks turning crimson, Ada complies nevertheless, and closes her eyes as she lets herself be collared, the satisfying click of a tiny padlock securing it in place, a giggle escaping her lips as the wench steals a quick kiss as well. Straightening up again, she takes a moment or two just to feel it around her neck, the leather on her skin eliciting an inexplicable wave of excitement in her loins. Finally letting go, she stretches a palm before the wench and merrily wiggles her fingers as she chirps happily at her, "Oops, you didn't give me the key for it yet."
"You're going to have to earn it, Siren," the bar wench says, grinning at Ada's blank expression, and quickly stuffs the little key into her cleavage, naughtily leaning over the bar as she continues, "Would you like to?"
Her gaze helplessly arrested at the bar wench's ample cleavage, Ada reaches out for her key and giggles as the wench pulls back, at which she shyly squeezes her thighs and hugs herself, gently rubbing her elbows as she murmurs, "Do I have a choice?"; her cheeks burning crimson as she remains utterly naked and vulnerable in the crowded inn.
------------------ ~ to be continued, mebbe? :o ~ -------------------