AUTHORS NOTE: Part 2. Like before, I welcome any feedback you might have. Enjoy!
*****
BANG BANG BANG
I woke up the next morning to loud knocking on my door.
"Alex, dear? Time to start the day!"
It sounded like Miranda. I threw on an undershirt and a pair of shorts, tucking my raging morning wood into my shorts' elastic waistband.
"Coming!"
It felt like I hadn't slept a wink. I blearily opened the door, where Miranda stood in the hallway. She laughed at my pajamas.
"Oh no you don't!"
She bent over and yanked my boxers to the floor. My erection sprang free, slapping her in the face and poking her in the eye.
"Oww!!" she moaned while rubbing her eye, half in pain, half in laughter.
"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry!"
"Not to worry, it happens." she said laughing "It's good to see you're excited for the day." She reached over and gave my testicles a reassuring pat and squeeze. I jumped a little. The customs of the island would definitely take some getting used to. She waved a hand at my undershirt. "You must have forgotten where you were, huh? Come on, take it off so we can get on with the day. Robert's busy for the day, so I've been tasked with playing hostess."
I stripped off my undershirt, and threw them and my shorts back into my room. "What's the plan for the day?"
"We figured you could use some rest and relaxation from your trip in yesterday. Today will be all about fun!"
She led me down the hallway, and out a back door to a patio-like area where a rugged-looking golf cart awaited us. It was a beautiful day, bright and sunny with a light breeze. I glanced down at my terrible tan line. Parts of me were exposed that had literally never seen the sun. Still, it felt remarkably great to be naked outside. It might sound weird, but believe me when I say a light breeze feels great on your dick. Miranda took the drivers seat, as I sat in the passenger's. She backed out of the patio and on to a gravel road.
"Where are we heading?"
"Out to Streaker's Cove. There's a beautiful white sand beach there, we figured it'd be a great way to start off your time here."
"Yeah, that sounds great."
As we drove, we began to pass people walking along the road on the grass. Mostly men, who were of course naked, but also some women too. Beautiful women, of all races. Most were younger, but we passed a few that were closer to Robert and Miranda's age. They wore shorts, t-shirts, and swimsuits. It'd look like any other beach in America, if it weren't for the cocks hanging out everywhere. For their part, the people seemed completely accustomed to it. No screams of horror, no yelling, just people going about their daily lives. I leaned over to Miranda.
"Do you ever get tired of so many naked guys walking around?"
"Well... some days I enjoy it more than others. But it's something you learn to tune out whenever you want to. I bet you could use some genital equality, huh?" She looked pointedly at my cock, which at since wilted from it's morning wood glory. "Don't worry, you'll get your fill. Most people swim nude at Streaker's Cove."
She pulled into a small parking area near some coconut trees. The beach lay right on the other side of the trees, with the ocean just beyond that. We were too far away to make out details, but I could see some naked figures sun tanning, swimming, and walking along the shore. Miranda handed me a towel.
"Come on, let's go find a spot."
She led me out on to the beach before settling down in a spot about halfway to the water. The beach was beautiful- the sand was white, the weather was perfect, and the water was clear enough to see the straight through to the sand below. More than anything though, the people caught my attention. The beach wasn't crowded at all, but nearly all the people there were stark naked. Tits bouncing, dicks flopping, asses wiggling, and vaginas... just there. A few women wore thong-style bikini bottoms, but most were bare. After seeing nothing but cocks for most of the day, I enjoyed it either way.
One woman in particular caught my eye. She was flying a kite while talking with a man laying on a towel beside her, suntanning. As I watched, she knelt down with a laugh and gently tied the string of her kite around her companion's penis. Each gust of wind gave him a jerk until he was standing completely erect, much to their amusement.
I didn't need a kite string to get hard. After all that had happened in my trip and the lack of relief I had gotten so far, I was rock hard. I didn't really know what to do with it. Miranda had already seen me erect, but I was guessing it wasn't as appropriate in a public setting. I sat down on my towel and pulled my knees up , hiding my erection between my legs.
"You better get some sun screen on if you don't want to get burned."
I looked up at her. She had casually removed her bikini top to reveal her gorgeous breasts underneath. Tan globes of gravity-defying flesh with delicate pink nipples. Her shorts were off too, showing off her high-waisted red thong underneath.
"Here." She held out a bottle of sunscreen for me. As I turned and reached for it, my cock sprang out from my legs. She withdrew her hand, bemused.
"Alex, you've been hard the entire day. I swear if you don't take care of that soon, you'll burst!"
"Well.. I mean, thanks for your concern but I'll be okay."
She rolled her eyes. "If you don't want to do it yourself, why not find a friend out here to help you?"
"Um, I really don't think..."
"A bit shy, are we? Don't worry about it. You can just go ask people. It's not insulting around here to ask people for sex. Why should it be? As long as you respect their answer, you're basically complimenting them."
I still hesitated.
"Fine, wait here."
Before I could protest, Miranda turned and walked off down the beach. It wasn't long before she returned with two young blondes, one with a pony tail and the other in braids. I'd guess they were both in their early twenties. They both stood naked beside me with their pretty pink pussy lips right at eye level. Pony tail had a blonde landing strip running down to her lips, while braids was completely shaved. Neither of them had large tits, but I found their petite-ness to be alluring just the same.
"Alex, this is Julie and Caitlin. They said they'd be happy to help you with your... sunscreen." She said with a smile and a not-so-subtle head nod towards my groin.
The two girls giggled. "Wow you were right. He does need some help!"
They both knelt down beside me and gave me a few quick strokes in greeting. "It's great to meet you Alex," said the pony tailed blonde. "I'm Julie and this is my friend Caitlin." She gave a mock sigh. "How have you not learned to put on sunscreen by now? Are you from the North Pole?"
Her friend snorted as she stroked me in greeting too. "I think I know why" Caitlin said, showing Julie the pre cum I had left dripping off her hand, "His sunscreen is still inside of him!"
"Well, we'll have to fix that won't we."
Julie took a large glob of sunscreen in either hand, then sat behind me with a leg on either side. She began to massage my shoulders and neck. She stretched her arms around me to massage my chest, and I felt her nipples pressing into my back. Caitlin meanwhile also took some sunscreen and knelt beside my feet. slowly rubbing my calves and thighs, working her way up.
"See, it's not so tough" Julie whispered in my eye. She gave my butt a squeeze, making me jump. "You just gotta make sure you... rub it in." She reached around with her right hand and began to stroke my cock, up and down.
Caitlin laughed. "Everywhere..." she added. She began to massage my upper thighs with one hand, and playing with my testicles in the other.
"You see Alex" said Miranda. "You're in good hands."
She sat back down on her towel as if to suntan. Her eyes never left my crotch.
Both Julie and Caitlin began to stroke my cock, four hands pumping up and down with the sunscreen acting as a fantastic lube. A middle-aged couple walking along the shore stopped their walk to watch from afar. I had an audience now, but at that point I was beyond caring.
"Oh fuck. I'm going to cum!"
Julie jumped up. "Wait for me!"
She ran around and laid down by Caitlin. They both began pumping a little faster, point my cock at their faces. Out of the corner of my eye, I could have sworn I saw Miranda's hand moving beneath her thong. Her other was definitely tweaking her own nipples. "That's it girls, keep going" she said.
With a gasp I came, shooting ropes of cum over Julie and Caitlin's faces. They laughed in delight and leaned closer in, letting rope after rope cover them. Miranda was right, I had been fit to burst. With all the excitement of my trip so far, I needed some relief. The couple that had stopped to watch turned to continue their walk. The woman winked at me as she left.
When I finally stopped, Julie and Caitlin both sat back, licking their fingers. They glanced at each other.
"You look like a snowman."
"You look like a... slime monster."
They both laughed.
Julie turned to me. "Well Alex. You now know how to apply your own sunscreen."
I nodded weakly. She turned back to Caitlin. "Well, do you wanna go get some ice cream to go with this whipped cream?"
Caitlin laughed and nodded. They stood to leave. "Bye, Alex, it was nice meeting you." They turned and walked back the way they had came, faces still covered in cum. I could still hear them laughing as they passed other beach goers, many of whom turned to stare at the petite blondes covered in my cum.
"Feel better now?" Miranda asked.
I laughed and nodded. "Much."
She smiled. "I'm glad. You know, I think there's going to be a luau here later tonight. I'll make sure you're there."
The rest of the afternoon passed in a relative blur. Miranda took me on a quick tour of some nearby parts of the island, including some fields where locals were harvesting corn. The island was working towards self-sufficiency, Miranda explained to me. They didn't presume to have al the answers to how to live life, they were working towards discovering them. And Robert's fortune helped fund their journey.
As often as not I saw women as the supervisors of the fields. I imagined that they could be a lot more assertive in a workplace, when all their male counterparts were as exposed an vulnerable as they could be.
When the night fell, Miranda drove back to Streaker's Cove. Tiki torches had been lit in the sand, and a reggae band was playing. Near the band I spotted a bar, where drinks were being handed out left and right. Directly across from the bar stood a weird box-like structure with four doors. It was almost like four department store dressing rooms side by side. I could see pairs of feet underneath the doors, but I had no idea what it was for.
Men and women were dancing in front of the band. Most of the women wore light dresses and bikini tops, while the men were of course, naked. Do you enjoy drunk dancing? Let me tell you, it's even better when the men can't wear clothes. Erections can't be hidden, so it becomes almost a point of pride for women to get their dancing partners hard. People were grinding and fondling each other left and right
I found myself later drunk and dancing with a beautiful Hispanic woman. While she was grinding on me, she reached back and began to stroke my cock to the beat of the song as she shook her hips. As the song reached its climax, she turned and pulled her bikini top to the side, letting her tits fall out and sway from side to side. I could see her nipples hardening in the crisp air.
As the song ended, she pulled me close and gave me a deep, passionate kiss. Giving my cock a farewell stroke, she turned and walked off through the other partiers. I made my way to the bar for a brief respite.
Miranda was also at the bar. "Enjoying yourself?"
"Absolutely. Do you guys do this every night?"
"Not every night, just most of them." She said with a grin. "Have you tried the glory boxes yet?"
"The what?"
She motioned to the four dressing rooms I had seen earlier. "The glory boxes. They're a thing we occasionally do that fosters camaraderie throughout the island. I won't spoil the surprise for you. Just wait until one is empty, and then head in. Knock on the wall once you've closed the door. Oh also remember: everyone here is on the pill."
I was a little skeptical and I didn't really understand what she meant, but she hadn't steered me wrong so far. I took my leave, and went out to the dressing room on the far right. I wasn't wrong in my previous assessment, it basically was a dressing room. Except for the big hole in the wall at about waist height across from the door. I knocked on the wall.
To my surprise, a pair of naked legs walked through the whole, followed soon by a very naked set of hips and pussy. Whoever it was stopped once their hips were through the hole, apparently lying back on a bench of some sort. Though I was slow to accept it, it was readily apparent that these boxes were for anonymous sex, which I guess made sense in a way. Anyone on this island could have been your lover at some point, so you'd probably be more likely to treat them that way. It builds social bonds.
I knelt at her knees and began to play with her pussy in my hands, exploring the lips and hood at the top. I leaned in and began to suck on her clit as I pressed two fingers inside her warmth. I could feel her start to squirm, and I heard some low moaning from the other side of the wall. I pressed my lips to her clit and sucked harder, as I began to fuck her with my fingers.
"Oh yes, oh yes!" I heard from the other side.
Her legs spasmed as she climaxed. I could feel her muscles tighten on my fingers and her hips thrust upwards. I kept my fingers and mouth working until she finished, waiting for my turn. At that point, I was hard as a rock. I stood and thrust inside of her, hearing her gasp and moan again.
I fucked her slowly at first, building up the pace and rhythm. Grabbing her hips in my hands, I thrust deeper and faster, as we both built up to a climax.
"Ah!" With a gasp I thrust as deep as I could and climaxed, shooting my cum inside of her. I heard her yell in pleasure at the same time. Breathing heavily, I stepped back. My cum gently dripped out of her lips and onto the sand. The legs had had enough too, as they withdrew from the hole. I needed a drink and some fresh air, so I left and returned to the bar, where Miranda was again sitting with a drink.
She winked at me as I sat down. "I'm pretty tired, I might need to get some sleep." I told her.
She agreed, and led me back off the beach to the golf cart and my room. I couldn't help but notice she was walking a little bowlegged as we made our way back to the cart. I guess there was a side for the male partiers in the glory boxes, and a side for the women partiers.
She dropped me back off at my room, and I fell into a deep sleep.