Forward: Chapter 7 ended with our happy couple sharing an intimate moment in the lake together. Chapter 8 picks up a few hours later.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
-------------------------------------------------------
The sun was slowly setting when the announcement came over the PA system:
"Attention! The lake is now closed to all guests not attending tonights' movie. If you purchased tickets, you should have received a wristband upon entry. All movie attendees please have your wristbands ready, security will be checking them shortly. All other guests we ask to please make their way to the exits, thank you."
Trish had rejoined us after spending some time with her other friends. Jenna joined her for a while, but spent most of the time with me. Mostly we just talked. We also spent more time in the water, although we didn't go any further than simple kissing.
We got our wristbands on, then prepped some snacks to bring with us out on the water.
There wasn't even a question about whether Jenna would ride with me or not, as she placed her snacks and remaining wine coolers in the two person tube. I added my own snacks and a couple of beers, and we began to paddle our way out on the lake. Trish followed right behind us in her single tube.
The movie screen was set up on the far side of the lake. It was more than large enough to see from almost anywhere, but we managed to maneuver ourselves to a more or less centered position.
The evening was still warm enough despite the sun receding. Jenna and I had put our shirts back on and brought some dry towels to use as blankets, though, in case it got chilly.
I'd picked the right floatation tube, just big enough to fit us both along with our snacks in the middle. The bottom was lined so our bottoms wouldn't be soaking in the cold water the whole time. It felt comfortable enough to be able to spend the next few hours in.
Jenna and I each cracked open a drink, clinking our bottles together in a silent toast to a lovely day so far. She then reached over and tapped bottles with Trish, who was floating just to her right side.
Before the film, they ran a few shorts; a couple of music videos, then a few old cartoons.
Jenna was holding my hand and laughing at the classic antics of Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck arguing over whether it was "Duck season!" or "Wabbit season!"
A warm breeze blew her auburn hair around her face as she leaned in across the divider between us. "This is really nice. I couldn't have asked for a better first date."
Any questions I may have had about exactly what we were calling this were answered. If she felt it was a date, then it was a date. "It's been a beautiful day, and I'm happy to spend it with you," I said. She managed to get close enough to give me a peck on the cheek without upsetting our tube too badly.
As Jenna settled back down on her side, her hand slipped from mine, casually landing on my right thigh.
I didn't think much of it at first; we'd been touchy-feely with each other ever since our intimate swim together earlier.
But as she began to caress my bare leg, I felt my heartbeat quicken, blood rushing a little faster in my veins...and elsewhere.
I looked around. Other than Trish off to Jenna's side, there was no one else truly close enough to see anything, and those closest were too busy watching the screen to notice us. Still, I was a little uncomfortable with where this might be going.
But when Jenna's hand moved further up my thigh, I didn't stop her. There was no way I wasn't getting an erection from this, and all too soon I was tenting in my suit, my cock twitching as her warm hand caressed my skin just inches away from it.
Jenna kept her face directed forward towards the screen, but glanced over at me from the corner of her eye. I could see her sly, knowing smile.
It was fully dark now, and I was seated low enough in the tube that someone would literally have to be right next to me, looking down, to see anything. Still, I felt the need to cover up. Taking my towel, I spread it out over my legs and lap, making a show of feeling cold.
"Got a chill?" Jenna asked sarcastically.
"Something like that, yeah."
Jenna leaned in again and whispered so low it was almost inaudible. "I know how to warm you up."
Her hand slid up my thigh and landed directly over my throbbing erection.
I covered my mouth, faking a cough to stifle my gasp. Jenna still refused to look back at me, instead feigning interest in what was playing on the screen.
Her hand slowly caressed my cock over my suit, sliding her palm up and down it, then wrapped her delicate fingers around the shaft and gave it a gentle squeeze and tug that almost made me tip our raft over.
"You okay over there?" asked Trish.
"Yeah. Leg cramp," I managed to grunt.
"He'll be okay," said Jenna, completely straight faced. "I think he just needs to relax."
Jenna's teasing was relentless; running her fingertips along my shaft, squeezing my glans, even lightly tickling my balls.
It was pure pleasure, but also the worst kind of torment.
Jenna's hand made its way to my waistband. I felt her wrestling with it, trying to slip inside. It took all of my willpower to stop her.
"Jenna, I...I can't. Not here. It's too obvious. I wouldn't be able to contain myself, " I whispered.
Jenna finally faced my firm gaze. "I'm sorry. I just wanted to..." She paused, then sighed. "You're right of course. I didn't mean to torture you like that. Forgive me?"
"Of course, darlin'," I said kindly. I was already regretting having to stop her, but if I'd let her continue, I'd have had an orgasm that would have echoed across the entire lake. Not to mention the mess I'd make.
Jenna gave me a curious look, then smiled warmly. She pulled her hand back and took mine. "I'll make it up to you later, I promise," she said softly.
That didn't help my erection subside any faster, but eventually it did.
-------------------------------------------------------
The screen went dark, and the iconic John Williams score reverberated across the water as the film began.
Jaws is one of my all time favorites. While I had seen it countless times, Jenna had only seen bits and pieces of it as a young girl with her father, never able to sit through the whole thing. Trish had never seen it at all.
I will admit that, even though we were on a lake with no chance of there being any sharks, floating on the water added a whole new layer to the experience, especially during the "sharks point of view" scenes.
The girls screamed and cheered in all the right places, and when the body of the dead fisherman popped out of the hole in the boat, Jenna jumped so hard her popcorn bag flew overboard.
She clutched my arm through most of the movie, but I could tell from her face that she was enjoying the scares.
When the credits rolled, everyone clapped and cheered. Jenna looked excited. "That was great! For years I've been afraid to watch this movie, but I'm so glad I finally did. Now I know why my dad loved it so much."
"I'm glad you liked it. I may have had to stop seeing you if you didn't," I joked. Jenna smacked my arm playfully.
We made our way back towards the beach, bumping into the occasional raft or tube as we paddled with the crowd. Everyone was generally good-natured about it; lots of laughs and "Oops, sorry," etc.
Back at our blanket, Jenna excused herself to go pee, leaving Trish and I to pack up.
"So, 'leg cramp,' eh?" Trish said once we were alone. She had this way of arching her eyebrows that made me think of Mr. Spock.
"What? Oh, um...yeah. Must have been the way I was sitting."
"Uh huh. I'm not stupid, you know. Or blind." Trish was smiling as she said it. "Look, I know it's none of my business, and I had my doubts at first. But Jenna looks really happy with you. And for what it's worth, I think you're a nice guy. You two look good together. It's kinda weird, but it works."
"Thank you, I do appreciate that," I said. "Trust me, I know it's a little weird. I've never been involved with someone so much younger before, and I didn't plan this, it just sorta...happened."
"Just don't hurt her, okay? I only met Jenna this year, but I consider her a good friend. She's been so focused on school that she hasn't had much of a social life, but you seem to be bringing her out of her shell, and that's a good thing. I just don't want..." Trish paused for a moment. "...I'm just happy she's happy. And I want her to stay that way, that's all. Sorry, not trying butt in."
"You're looking out for your friend. That's what good friends do. I respect that," I said. "I'm not sure about our future, but I promise I'll do my best to treat her right. You have my word on that."
"Fair enough," said Trish. She was looking at me intently, as if pondering something. "One day, I wanna learn more about how you two met exactly. I get the feeling there's more to it than what she told me."
"You can ask her about it I suppose; if she wants to talk about it she will."
I wasn't really thrilled with the idea of Trish grilling Jenna for the juicy details of our first meeting, but I wasn't about to make a big thing over it just then, especially as Jenna had returned from the restrooms.
"You guys ready to go?"
-------------------------------------------------------
We dropped Trish off at her own dorm, just around the corner from Jenna's.
I retrieved her beach bag from the trunk and, to my surprise, Trish gave me a quick but warm hug goodbye. "It was really nice meeting you, Tom. Thanks for letting me tag along, I'm sure you weren't expecting a third wheel."
"It was a pleasure to have you with us," I said, meaning it. Maybe she was a little nosy, but only out of concern for her friend. I couldn't hold that against her.
Trish turned to Jenna. "Remember, you promised to help me practice for the art project this week, I really could use some tutoring."
"I'll call you about it tomorrow," said Jenna. "I'm sure we can come up with a plan."
Trish glanced my way at that, just for a second. Then they hugged, and we parted ways.
I felt somewhat nervous as we pulled up in front of Jenna's place. I remembered her promise to "make it up" to me later, but I certainly didn't want to assume anything. Her roommate might be home, or maybe Jenna was just tired and wanted to go to bed. Then she was asking me inside, and I accepted without hesitation.
Jenna dove into my arms as soon as the door closed behind us. "Thank you for such a wonderful day," she said softly. We kissed, her soft lips tugging at mine hungrily.
Before things went further, Jenna pulled back. "This is...whew. But I...I need a shower. You brought a change of clothes right? You can shower here if you like, wash the sand off of you before you go home."
I went back to my car to retrieve my fresh clothes and by the time I came back, Jenna was already in the shower.
My suit was long since dry, but I put a towel across a chair to sit on as I waited for my turn to clean up.
I heard, but couldn't see Jenna as she exited the bathroom. "You can head in. I left out a clean towel for you." Her bedroom door closed before I could reply.
Her head popped out her door just before I entered the bathroom. "You...don't have to get dressed right away....if you don't want to." Again the door closed before I could speak.
I took my time in the shower, partly to make sure I got all the sand off, especially in more intimate areas, but also to get my nerves under control. Jenna had something in mind, that much was certain. But I had no clue just how far things might go. "Just don't pressure her, let her choose her limits, and enjoy whatever happens," I told myself as I finished up.
I debated on exiting the bathroom completely naked, but decided I should at least cover up with the towel, in case I was assuming too much.
My heart stopped when I entered the living room.
Jenna was sitting on the couch, wearing nothing but a tight pink crop top and a matching pair of panties.
She stood as I entered the room. She was radiant.
Her freshly dried hair tumbled loosely over her face. She'd applied a little makeup; mascara that accentuated her sparkling green eyes, just a hint of blush on her cheeks, and a lip gloss that gave her smile a beautiful shimmer.
The crop top barely covered her breasts, ending just over her nipples, already trying desperately to poke their way through the sheer fabric.
The waistband of her panties was a thin mesh maybe an inch wide, coming together on each side to meet a solid diamond shaped center that perfectly framed her rounded mound and plump vulva. Delicate white lace dressed the edges, met at the top by a tiny ribbon.
She spun around, giving me a rear view. It wasn't a thong, but the strip up the middle still left all but the crack of her round bottom exposed. She bent over a little, wiggled provocatively, then turned again to face me.
Jenna posed there, letting me drink her in. "So what do you think?"
I finally found my voice. "Jenna, you're...stunning. An absolute goddess."
Her face beamed. "Thank you."
She walked slowly towards me, exaggerating the sway of her hips. "I don't think you need this," she purred, pulling away my towel.
I was already rock hard.
Jenna slipped into me, arms around my neck, pulling her lips up to mine. It was the most erotic kiss of my life.
My hands found her hips, wanting to explore more, yet not wanting to rush things. I intended to savor every moment, every touch she allowed me.
Jenna broke the kiss, and her eyes locked into mine. "Remember when we talked about boundaries? I guess this is as good a time as any to discuss them."
"Okay," I nodded.
"I'm...I'm not ready to...go all the way. Not yet. Are you okay with that?"
"Of course," I said. "That's fine. No pressure from me, I promise."
"And I promised I'd take care of you," she said, "that is, if that's something you want."
"Jenna, I want whatever you're willing to offer. As long as you're comfortable with it, so am I."
"Good." She grinned slyly, then took me by the hand and led me to the couch. Spreading my towel out on it, she guided me down.
Parting my legs, Jenna got on her knees between them. "I have your permission to touch you anywhere I want?" Her voice was a mix of pure innocence and inflamed lust that made my heart flutter.
My voice trembled with anticipation. "Oh God, yes."
"Good," she said, "because I've been dreaming about touching this since the day we met."
Jenna's hands had been at my knees; as she spoke she slid them both up each thigh, meeting in the middle to gently cradle my balls, then continued up along my shaft until she had the entire length in a double fisted grip, leaving just my swollen tip poking out of the top.
Jenna grinned up at me. "I can't even fit it in both hands."
"You have tiny hands, baby," I replied modestly.
Jenna's nose wrinkled. "Can you...not call me 'baby?' I kinda hate when guys call me baby."
"Sorry," I said. "Is there something else you prefer?"
"You called me 'darlin'' on the lake earlier, I liked that. It's kinda sexy how you drop the 'G'. You sounded like a cowboy," she giggled.
"Weird; I'm not southern, and I've never ridden a horse."
Jenna laughed, then blushed a little before continuing. "I also liked it when you called me 'princess' during our sext chat. But only use that one when we're...intimate, not in public, okay?"
"Anything you say, princess," I grinned.
Jenna smiled back, then returned her attention to my throbbing cock still locked in her fists.
It was the most intimate, intense handjob I'd ever had. Jenna was entirely focused on my cock, her hands almost dancing over it. This wasn't some quick rub and tug, or just warm up foreplay. Jenna was taking her time, her hands and fingers magical as she caressed every inch of me. She looked up at me often, watching my face, taking cues from how my body reacted to her touch as to what gave me the most pleasure.
I put out my hand, gently caressing her face, then ran my fingers through her hair. Jenna let out a contented sigh. She rested her cheek on my leg, her glowing face turned up to me. "Enjoying yourself, cowboy?"
"Oh, absolutely, darlin'," I sighed, "but I'm not sure how much longer I can hold out. You've been torturing me all damn day."
"Oh, I can do worse," she said wickedly.
Jenna stood, raising her arms above her head, her crop top riding up enough to reveal just a hint of her light pink areolas. Her body was lithe and tight, and I drank in every curve of her.
The swell of her mound drew my eyes to her panties, deftly covering their hidden treasure. Jenna ran her fingers across them, pushing the fabric deep enough to outline her cleft. I could already smell her scent.
"These stay on," she purred, "but you can touch me anywhere else you want."
With that she was on my lap, positioning herself over my cock.
I felt her heat radiating through the soft material, as she slid her warm, panty clad pussy up and down the length of my naked shaft.
Jenna's hands gripped my shoulders, her breasts mere inches from my face. I was desperate to see them, touch them, kiss them.
I slid my hands slowly up her sides, drawing a squeal from her as I reached her armpits. Her eyes were warm and inviting as my hands continued towards her breasts. She bit her lip as I slid her top up over her perky tits, revealing them fully to me for the first time. "They're so beautiful, princess." I gently cupped one in each hand.
The scattering of light freckles across her chest highlighted the milky flesh of her globes, capped by her tiny, pink, puffy nipples. Jenna's soft sighs, gasps and moans were music to my ears as I kneaded them.
Pulling her close, my lips found one nipple, then the other, darting back and forth between them like a child sampling two ice cream cones.
Her firm young flesh was warm and supple under my hands as I nuzzled at her, feeling her heartbeat pounding its rhythm beneath.
Jenna was still bucking over my cock, back and forth, from the bottom of the base to the tip that lay just below my belly button.
Her arousal was increasing with each thrust. The air was thick with her musky scent, mixing with the jasmine of her perfume, sending my senses reeling.
My hands traveled from her breasts to her hips, then slowly around to her ass, feeling her padded bottom unencumbered by clothing for the first time. My fingers traced the fabric that ran down the middle. Jenna flinched sharply when I brushed over her anus.
"You okay?" I was concerned I'd gone too far even though I had kept my fingers above the panties.
"Yes," she gulped, "just...sensitive there. Wasn't expecting it."
My hands lingered along her firm teen glutes for a few more moments, then Jenna guided them to her hips, as she increased the pace of her humping. She was a natural, putting just enough weight on me to stimulate my cock without being painful.
Her face and upper chest were flushed as her eyes met mine, her breath came in short puffs, and her fingernails dug into the flesh of my shoulders as her grip tightened.
I could feel her wetness soaking through her gusset, slicking my shaft, reducing the friction between us. I felt her body tense, and knew she was close. We both were.
Jenna threw her head back, crying out in joy as her orgasm took her. Her cunt became a hot spring as she gushed through her panties. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh ffff..." she panted, then bucked again as another wave shook through her.
I held her shoulder blades, supporting her as she writhed over me.
My cock was aching, so close to release but not quite able to cross the threshold.
Jenna instinctively sensed my need. Her hand dove into her panties, coming out slick and glistening. She gripped my shaft firmly, rubbing her juices over it, providing much needed lubrication that heightened every nerve ending along its length.
She stroked quickly, twisting her wrist over the head on the upstroke, and within moments I felt myself approaching the point of no return.
My cock swelled in her hand, exploding hot rivulets of cum over her stomach, thighs and panties. My fists clenched behind her back as every muscle in my body tensed and shook with enjoyment.
As my lustful growls subsided, Jenna leaned in, kissing me intensely. She kept stroking me, her speed slowing but continuing to milk every drop from my still pulsing cock.
Her emerald eyes were on fire with lust. "I need one more," she pleaded, "just one more, it's so close..."
Her hand returned to her panties, slipping inside. Her forehead was against mine, eye to eye, our noses almost touching, as she furiously rubbed her clit.
I put my hand over hers, not touching her pussy, no, but feeling her hand inside her panties as she worked herself towards another climax.
Even with our faces so close, I could see Jenna smile. Then her eyes closed, her lips trembled, and I felt her tense yet again. "Cum for me, princess," I whispered.
She came in soft moans, her body shaking over me until she finally collapsed against my chest. She rested her head on my shoulder, the heavy panting of her breath slowly subsiding.
I wrapped my arms around her, and we held each other for a brief eternity.
-------------------------------------------------------
"Can I ask you something?" Jenna sounded hesitant.
I looked up from tying my shoes. Jenna hadn't asked me to spend the night, and I wasn't going to push it. "Of course, darlin', anything you want."
"Your little...fantasy. You know, the one that brought us together. I'm curious how that started, what it does for you, if you've done things like that before."
I sat back on the couch, collecting my thoughts, trying to decide where to begin. Jenna sat beside me, fully dressed now as well. "Unless it feels like I'm prying, or you don't want to talk about it," she offered.
"No, it's okay. I don't mind. I guess it started during the latter years of my marriage. Things weren't going well, and sex was...well, practically non-existent." I skipped over the details about how my wife had found religion, and how the more she'd accepted Jesus, the less she'd accepted me, or my atheism. Jenna and I had never discussed religion, and I hoped it wouldn't become an issue for us down the road. I had no problems with people of faith, just those who took it to extremes.
"I did my best to be patient, and occasionally tried to spice things up. I once intentionally set things up so she'd catch me masturbating, hoping it might spark something, maybe get her to participate. She called me a filthy pig and stormed out of the bedroom.
"She caught me watching porn another night, accidentally that time, and threatened to divorce me right then and there. I kept my masturbatory habits to myself after that."
Jenna took my hand, holding it compassionately, as I continued.
"In the final years, I was exploring other outlets for my sexual needs, mostly online. Chat rooms were just becoming a thing then, and there were lots of women, or at least I hoped they were women, willing to have virtual fantasies with me.
"As webcams became more popular, it was even easier, and I had several women I'd made friends with that liked to play.
"One young lady in particular, she was about your age I guess, I'd struck up a friendship with that started out strictly non-sexual. Then one night a group of us were all chatting together, one thing led to another, and eventually I wound up masturbating for her in a private session. She remained clothed the entire time, much like you when you told me about your adventures on Omegle.
"That planted the seed, I suppose. There was something, I dunno, appealing about it. The idea of doing something normally considered taboo, something you usually kept private, doing it in front of someone and they simply...watched you. No strings, no expectations.
"It's an interesting fantasy I suppose. In a way it's very one-sided, and that's part of the appeal. The guy gets to be open and free and express himself sexually, while the woman is under no obligation to please him, nor he to please her, really. But it's also about the connection, and trust; about being with someone in that way who truly knows and understands and isn't judging you for it. Maybe they think you're sexy, or maybe they just care enough about you to be open to letting you express yourself that way. Does that make any sense at all?"
Jenna nodded. "I think I get it. It's about being able to express yourself sexually, to share that part of yourself without fear, but also without pressure."
"Exactly," I said. "It's this strange combination of self expression and intimacy. And it's very hard to create that experience in real life. You can't just ask the woman next door or your co-worker or even your best female friend if you can get naked or jack off in front of her.
"There were certain Adult Clubs I could go to that had private booths, girls behind the glass, and I could pay to look at them and jerk off. That satisfied me for a while, but quickly got tiresome. And expensive. Some girls were better at feigning interest than others, but in the end it was always about the money; pay them, get off, and go."
I paused at this point, deciding how much I wanted to reveal, but decided I needed to be truthful in everything with Jenna.
"I was, eventually, unfaithful to my wife. I'm not proud of that. And it hurt her, which I deeply regret, no matter our issues.
"When she discovered my affair, that pretty much sealed the deal. We divorced quickly and without much fuss."
"I'm sorry," Jenna said softly. "That must have been hard on you."
I nodded gratefully. "I went through a few other relationships after that, none of them lasting very long. The last one, we'd been seeing each other for over a year. She dumped me in a Facebook message, can you imagine that? Said an 'old friend' had come back into her life and she'd decided to explore things with him. Never heard from her again, never returned my calls or messages.
"Anyway, I decided to stay single for a while after that. I figured maybe I just wasn't cut out for long term relationships, that I must be doing something wrong.
But a man still has needs. So I went to strip clubs and the occasional massage parlors. Even hired a few 'escorts' I found online from time to time. I hope you don't think poorly of me for that."
Jenna shook her head. "No, of course not. I don't think there's anything shameful about sex workers, nor in men who use them. Although I'm not thrilled about the less savory aspects like sex trafficking and forced prostitution."
"Of course, absolutely," I said, "and I stopped going to massage parlors after a while because of the probability of that kind of thing.
"Plus, overall, paying for sex, while serving a purpose, is ultimately unsatisfying for me. I would always wind up thinking of my wife, who in the last several years would only have sex with me if I complained about it enough, just to shut me up. And how unfulfilling it was to have sex with a woman who wasn't actually into it, into ME.
Prostitutes can be very talented, and many of them are great actresses, but deep down I knew. Sure, they'd fuck me. Maybe they even got off too. But it wasn't ME they really wanted. Just my wallet."
Jenna looked sadly thoughtful. "I...I get that. My past boyfriends. I got the feeling they just wanted me for sex. Didn't love me, or even really care about me. Just...my body."
I nodded in agreement. "Opposite ends of the same thing, I suppose."
Silence hung over the room for a few moments. Then Jenna asked gingerly, "What...what really made you place that ad?"
I sighed, contemplating my answer.
"Boredom. Loneliness. Frustration I guess. I was looking for something...different. A way to cut through all the bullshit. I could have just hired a prostitute, sure, and she would have oh'd and ah'd and gushed over how 'hot' I was and how big my dick was and probably flashed or teased or even stripped for me, then take my money and hustle out the door as soon as our time was up.
"I guess I was just hoping for something new. A way I could just be me, and whoever answered the ad could just be themselves too."
Jenna gripped my hand tighter and smiled up at me. "Well I guess that's exactly what you found, then, huh?"
As I looked into her caring, sincere and loving face, I suddenly felt myself on the verge of tears. "I sure did, darlin'." I pulled her into me, hugging her tightly. "Thank you. Thank you for that."
Jenna held me tight as I wept on her shoulder. "You're welcome," she said, stroking my hair. "You're very welcome."
-------------------------------------------------------
Authors Afterwards:
It seems Jenna and Tom have finally bonded, not just physically, but emotionally as well. I could probably end their tale right here.
But there's still more to tell.
For those readers who prefer the CFNM elements, fear not. Jenna and Tom will continue to explore this fetish together as their relationship grows. They've established trust and communication, two important elements to CFNM as well as relationships in general. They may even reverse the roles and explore CMNF as well. I also have plans for them to explore more extreme versions of voyeurism and exhibitionism. But they need to build up to these things at their own pace.
I still have at least several more adventures outlined in my mind if not yet in print.
To be continued, of course.