My college girlfriend, Dany, was drop dead gorgeous. Blonde hair, blue eyes, she was 5'6" with a beautiful face and the most perfect feet I have ever seen.
She was 5 years my junior so I had just finished grad school at 25 while she was wrapping up her junior year. We had been together for a little over a year and we fucked like rabbits.
It was that great relationship where we each lived in apartments with our own bedrooms and we rarely left one or the other. She was the first girl who knew I had a foot fetish and she let me indulge it whenever I wanted. I loved sucking her toes while fucking her or taking her from behind and cumming on her soles.
We also shared a similar fantasy of having sex in public. The risk of getting caught was a huge turn on for us both. We tried it twice; once in the backseat of my car parked in a public lot at night and once in a grassy area in the middle of town at 3 in the morning.
After graduation we decided we wanted to take a trip together to the beach. This was our first trip just the two of us and the thought of all the hotel sex we were going to have was super exciting.
It started with the drive down to the beach. We were talking about how amazing it would be to get to have sex right on the beach. The thrill of getting caught on the beach had my cock hard and Dany noticed.
"Why wait for the beach when we can start now," she said.
She unzipped my shorts and pulled out my cock. She started stroking it up & down slowly then leaned over and took me in her mouth. There was no way the other cars on the road didn't see what was happening and that thought drove me wild.
She kept sucking until I told her, "I'm gonna cum."
She took her mouth off and finished me with her hand. I came all over my shorts, shirt and steering wheel.
"Oh great," I exclaimed after I had tucked my dick back in my shorts. "Now I get to check into the hotel with cum stains all over myself!"
Dany just laughed.
"You'll pay for that," I chuckled back to her.
We got to the hotel and checked in without my stains catching too much side eye. We had a standard 2 bed room with an ocean view. We opened the curtains and were high enough up to where no one outside could see in.
I pushed Dany onto the bed on all fours facing the window and told her, "I said you would pay for the car."
I knocked the flip flops off her feet, lifted her sun dress up and ripped her panties right off. I stood behind her and slammed my hard dick into her pussy. She liked it hard so i was giving it as hard as I could.
Dany moaned, "I love this punishment."
"Oh this isn't your punishment," I whispered softy. I took my cock out and pulled a bottle of lube out of my bag. I soaked my cock and went back to Dany, rubbing my cock against her asshole.
"Oh no!" she shouted. "We've tried this before and I just can't take it!"
"You'll take it now," I whispered. "That's how you're going to pay."
I grabbed my cock and started slowly pushing the head inside her ass.
"It hurts!" she shouted.
Normally, this was the point we always stopped, but not today. I pushed a little more and a little harder and the head of my cock sunk into her ass.
She squealed and at that point I asked, "do you want me to stop?"
She shook her head, "no keep going."
I kept pushing and was most of the way in so I started moving back and forth. After a couple of smaller stroke she started to loosen up and I was all the way in.
She started to like it moaning, "oh yeah baby fuck my ass."
So I did. I gave it to her harder and harder pounding her ass until I was about to explode. When I couldn't take it anymore I pulled my cock out and covered her soft soles in my cum.
After a second Dany turned around on the bed and reached down to clean the cum off her feet.
"Oh no you don't," I said. "Leave it there and put your flip flops back on because it's time to eat."
She reached her feet off the bed and slid them into her flip flops. Most of my cum was on her soles so she squeaked a little as she walked and you could still see some on the tops and on her navy polish.
I pulled my shorts up and we headed for the elevator. It was crowded when we stepped in and Dany whispered in my ear, "I forgot to put new panties on."
"Don't worry about that," I whispered back. "I'm sure no one will notice." I looked up and saw two of the guys across from us looking down in our direction. I whispered in her ear again, "they won't notice your panties are missing because they're looking at the cum on your feet."
-TO BE CONTINUED...