I removed my mirrored sunglasses, now that I was back in the shade, and stared at Nadine incredulously.
"Are you serious?" I burst out. "You're completely comfortable walking around entirely nude, but you asked my permission to take your shoes off?!"
I wasn't angry by any means; just taken aback, and Nadine understood. She nodded and smiled at me.
"I'm used to being clothes free, not shoes free." she explained. "I'm just as uncomfortable taking my shoes off without asking, as you would taking your clothes off. I know it sounds weird; I'm fucking nude right? And then I ask your permission to take my shoes off, like what am I missing?"
"It just surprised me, that's all." I answered carefully. "I didn't see that one coming, but by all means, take your shoes off if you want to. I don't mind. Normally, I don't like feet, but when they are accompanied by a beautiful woman who is wearing nothing else, I just love the look."
Nadine smiled and slipped her blue ballet-style shoes off, bending over and letting her floppy tits dangle attractively once again, before picking them up and setting them down between us. She then settled back in her chair and wiggled her toes in the grass.
"Now I feel free." she stated, looking at me. "I'm used to being nude all the time, but I always wear shoes in public to be professional. Usually heels, but for something like this, I wanted something more relaxed. When I take my shoes off, that's when I actually feel nude."
"So what if you were to walk around and interact now?" I inquired curiously.
Nadine smiled.
"I'd still be comfortable; I love being nude, but I would also be very aroused. The shoes make all the difference to me. Take them away and I'm as free as a bird."
Doug and Donna exchanged glances and stood up.
"We're going to pitch some horseshoes." Doug stated. "We'll be back in a bit."
This left me alone with Nadine, and we were free to continue our conversation privately. There was a slight problem though.
"Nadine, I really need to use the restroom." I said quietly. "I'll be right back."
She smiled and nodded.
"I understand." she replied. "Go ahead and do what you need to. I'll be waiting for you when you get back. Maybe we can talk some more, and I can get to know you too."
"I'd like that." I said. "I'd like to know more about you and how you ended up here. I just want you to have my full attention, that's all. Right now, I'd only be focused on one thing. I hope you don't think badly of me."
"Of course not, Jack!" Nadine exclaimed.
She leaned in toward me, and her soft tits dangled down once again, as she took my hands in hers and smiled.
"You are the first person I have ever met who treated me as a person, and not as an object, the first time we met. Everyone else has either made some sort of innuendo; sexual or prudish, or just ignored me. I'm not a freak! I'm a woman, just like any other woman. I just don't like wearing clothes, that's all."
"I know." I replied. "I respect you very much for the stance you have taken. I think it's wonderful and I want to talk to you about it, but I just can't focus right now."
Nadine nodded and seemed to be mulling something over in her mind.
"Jack," she began, "you are the most open and honest person I have encountered in a long time, so let me be honest with you, okay?"
I nodded myself, and Nadine continued.
"I think you're a really good-looking guy and I want to get to know you better. I also realize you're a normal guy and you're really turned on at the moment, right?"
I nodded, but said nothing. She continued:
"I have never done this before and I don't know why I am doing it now, but I don't want you to do it alone. I want you to look at me while you do it. I want to see in your eyes, the pleasure you feel when you look at my nude body."
"There's another bathroom upstairs." I replied. "It's where I was going."
"Show me." she responded.
Nadine followed me to the house, strutting proudly and comfortably past everyone, and secretly loving every second of the looks and leers she was getting. I opened the front door and ushered her inside; pointing to the stairs to our right.
"You really want to watch me?" I inquired incredulously. "You want to see me cum?"
"Yes." she replied. "I want it out of your system when I tell you the story of how this all came to be."
We ascended the stairs and Nadine trailed behind, as I led her into the upstairs bathroom.
"Pull your pants down and look at me Jack." she instructed. "Look at my nude body while you jerk off."
I did as she asked and began tugging on my cock in earnest, as I stared at her unclothed body
"Oh my god Nadine." I whispered. "You are so pretty. You look so good. I love your titties, Nadine..."
"Do it!" she encouraged. "Go ahead, Jack. There is nothing to be embarrassed about. Let it go. Let me see it spurt out of your cock."
I grunted loudly, and then gasped, as huge gobs of thick cum erupted from my penis as I stared at Nadine's gorgeous tits and cunt.
"Oh fuck!" I gasped. "Oh my fucking god, Nadine! You are so fucking beautiful!"
I dropped to my knees, as the last drops of sperm dribbled from my dick onto the tiled floor. I was breathing heavily and still staring at her nude body. Nadine smiled warmly.
"Do you feel better now?" she inquired.
I nodded in silent reply, as I continued panting and trying to catch my breath. I stood and approached her.
"I'm sorry." I managed to blurt out. "You must think I'm some kind of a pervert or something."
"Not at all." she replied kindly. "You're a man, Jack. An ordinary man who is naturally turned on by the sight of a nude woman. Don't ever apologize for that. It's what perpetuates our species. Now pull your pants back up and continue hosting this totally awesome shindig!"
"I want to know more about you." I responded. "How did you become a nudist and why?"
"When the party is over, I'll stick around and tell you everything." she promised. "Until then, be the gracious host that everyone wants!"
I nodded in reply, but my eyes were still glued to her saggy breasts. Nadine picked up on this and addressed the situation.
"Oh, for God's sake, Jack!" she burst out in an exasperated tone of voice. "Just squeeze them!"
I reached out and cupped her soft, saggy tits in my hands, kneading them like biscuit dough for several minutes. Nadine finally cleared her throat. I let go of her droopy boobs and stepped back.
"Sorry." I apologized again.
"Don't be!" she admonished. "I told you before, there is no shame in sexual attraction. This just isn't the time. We'll address it later, okay?"
I smiled and nodded, and the rest of the afternoon went by fairly smoothly. Nadine continued her political elbow rubbing for a while, before Doug suggested we all play a game of badminton. The mayor of Nudeville accepted, and we spent almost an hour playing several games. Finally, it was my time to address everyone, and I took the mic that was part of the sound system that had been set up by the catering company.
"I want to thank all of you for being here!" I said enthusiastically. "I know I'm the new kid in town, and I thought this was the best way to get to know all of you!"
A round of applause erupted, and I resumed speaking after it died down.
"I know that this is a rural area and that there is a lack of funding for a lot of important things." I continued. "I invited all of you here today to not only get to meet you, but to introduce myself as well."
I paused for a moment, and a familiar voice called out.
"Your name is Jack!" Nadine hollered.
Laughter burst out at her interjection, and I decided to use it as an opportunity to advance my agenda.
"It is," I acknowledged, "but there is more. I know there are a lot of rumors going around as to who I am and why I am here, but the bottom line is that I won the lottery and decided to move here. I have more money than I can hope to spend, unless I waste it. I have no intention of doing that. What I spend in this county will benefit EVERONE."
I paused for a moment and there were a few murmurs. No one was clapping this time. They really wanted to hear what I had to say.
"First of all," I continued, "I have purchased a Jaws of Life for every volunteer fire company in the county."
There was a stunned silence, and I used it to continue.
"Second, I am coordinating with all of the law enforcement agencies in this county, including the Sheriff's Office and all seven town police departments, to provide them with ballistic vests and body cameras for their protection."
Another round of applause erupted, and this time I really let it die down before I made my final pitch.
"I have had both the pleasure and honor of meeting your Mayor, the illustrious Nadine of Nudeville." I began.
More applause followed.
"I will be discussing with her, my idea to design and fund a gateway for Nordville. This town can be put on the map. I want all of you to listen to this. What if we promote our laws and embrace the lifestyle that Nadine has taken?"
No one responded, so I continued.
"Everyone makes fun of us. They call us Nudeville." I explained. "Let's be that! Let's show our support for our clothes-free mayor. Let all of us show how much we support her by making this a clothes-free friendly town."
"Hell yeah!" a female voice hollered.
I immediately recognized the voice as that of Donna.
"I like it!" another voice hollered.
"There's a huge, untapped potential here." I continued. "Can anyone think of another place that actively seeks out the nudist community for tourism?"
"Hedonism!" someone called out.
"Yeah, and that's like three thousand miles away," I replied to several giggles. "I meant here in the States. We have a state park nearby and several nice shops and restaurants here in town. Anyway, I'm just pitching the idea.
"I want to thank all of you for dropping by today; it was great meeting all of you and I hope to get to know you all really well. This is my home now, and I plan on sticking around."
Everyone clapped at that point and Donna hollered once again.
"Thanks for having us!"
A few whoops answered, and everyone began to disperse. A few dropped by to shake hands before leaving, including the fire chief.
"That was really generous of you." he said emotionally. "Thank you very much."
"Well, I live here too." I replied with a smile. "Never know; could be me trapped in that burning car."
"Good point. Hey, feel free to drop by any time. I'd love to show you around the station."
"I think I'll do just that!" I responded.
Several minutes later, all the guests were gone except for Doug, Donna and Nadine, and the caterers were packing everything up.
"Sounds like you have some political aspirations." Nadine said. "Do I have anything to worry about?"
"Not at all." I replied. "I love what you're doing. If I did decide to run and I'm not suggesting I will, I would be looking at County Commissioner. You and I would make a good team."
Doug and Donna helped Nadine and myself take my personal things in, and the caterers left in less than thirty minutes. They certainly were efficient!
"Thank you for all your help." I said to my neighbors. "You two were great!"
"You're welcome!" Donna said enthusiastically. "That's what friends are for. Glad we could help."
"We'll drop by in the morning to help you take the tents down." Doug interjected.
He glanced at me and gave a tight-lipped smirk. I winked back, and they left. This finally left me alone with my incredibly fascinating new friend.
"Finally!" I exclaimed. "We're alone,"
"I think we're alone now." Nadine sang to Tiffany's 80's hit.
She stopped and smiled.
"Everyone's gone now, Jack. Take your clothes off and let's go for a walk."
I did as she suggested, and we both put our shoes back on.
"I want you to show me around." Nadine stated. "I want to see your place; all of it, and I want to see your favorite spot. Then, I want to see your bedroom. Are you okay with that?"
"You know I am!" I blurted. "But thank you for being polite about it."
"That's the politician in me."
We both laughed and headed for one of the paths I had cleared through the woods. We eventually ended up at the creek in a place I'd named the Beaver Meadow, due to some trees having been gnawed off by the annoying, flat-tailed rodents.
"It's so quiet." Nadine observed. "Is this your spot?"
"No." I replied. "Follow me."
We began hiking again, back uphill, along a short ridge and then down through a hollow.
"I hear water!" Nadine said. "Do you have a waterfall up here?"
"Not anymore." I responded. "It's all eaten back. Now it's a series of steps that drop about thirty feet in a couple hundred."
I led her to the creek and pointed. In front of us was a shallow pool perhaps three feet in depth and twenty feet across. To our left was the last of the steps, and the water flowed through a shallow groove in a solid slab of bedrock before falling several feet into the pool and creating the tinkling sound.
"This is beautiful!" Nadine exclaimed.
"This is my spot." I responded with a smile. "I like to sit on the edge of that rock with my legs dangling down, and masturbate."
"I can see why." she said quietly. "This place is so beautiful! Your whole property is! The views from your house, your log house and this! My god, Jack, this is just so gorgeous. I can see why you like to masturbate here."
"I like to masturbate everywhere." I retorted. "I love being nude outdoors too. I've just never considered being that way in public before, but I must admit that the thought does intrigue me."
"I'd love to introduce you to it." Nadine said with a smile. "Right now though, I'd like you to introduce me to your bed."
I needed no further encouragement, and led her back up to the house. As we left the wooded path and emerged into the openness of the ridge, Nadine sighed.
"I just love this view, you lucky bastard. Speaking of views and being lucky, I am so turned on right now."
"Me too," I admitted, "but you already know that."
"I'm so wet!" she whispered as we ascended the slab staircase to the second floor. "Being nude in front of so many people is a huge turn on, but when I took my shoes off earlier, I got so horny I couldn't stop it. I need to cum too, Jack! I want you to fuck me and cum inside of me! I want to feel it squirt inside my cunt; my naughty, horny cunt. Oh God, I love being a public nudist but I get so turned on sometimes. I need a man, Jack! I need a man to fuck me. To appreciate me and be turned on by me. Fuck me, Jack! Oh, Jesus fucking Christ, fucking fuck me!"
We tumbled onto the bed and for the first time, let our instincts take over. Nadine spread her legs for me, and I had no trouble sliding my cock into her wet cunt. I pounded her vagina relentlessly, and her soft tits slid up and down her chest like Nikki Sinn's used to before she got implants.
"God, your dick feels so good inside of me!" Nadine grunted. "I haven't had a man since I moved here!"
"Really?"
I was incredulous. She could have anyone she wanted.
"I'm not a whore!" she growled. "I'm just a woman who hates wearing clothes. Oh shit, Jack... I'm going to cum!"
She wailed loudly, and I could feel her cunt clamp around my cock as she climaxed. It gripped my dick so hard that I could not fuck her. She was literally jerking me off with her cunt muscles!
"Keep it tight!" I grunted. "I'm going to cum, and this feels so good!"
My own orgasm crested, and I could feel my semen erupting inside of her warm, wet cunt. I collapsed on top her, and she ran her hands up and down my back as I shook violently.
"Oh Baby," she whispered, "I felt that squirt up inside of me. Good Boy! It felt so good, Jack. I've missed sex so much!"
"Me too." I admitted. "It's been three years for me."
"Five." she responded. "It was worth the wait though!"
"Thank you. I'm really flattered." I managed to say in between gulps of air.
I was really worn out! I had no idea how hot I was for her until now. I rolled over and flopped onto my back, my chest still heaving.
"Wore you out, did I?" Nadine laughed.
We were facing each other now; propped up on our elbows. We stared at one another without saying a word for several minutes, as we both took in the other.
"I feel so attracted to you." I finally said quietly. "Not just because your a nudist either. There is something about you that draws me."
"I feel it too." she responded softly. "The first time I saw you this morning, I knew you were the one. And not just because you're a millionaire, either."
She smiled and I burst out laughing. I pulled her toward me and kissed her passionately.
"Goes both ways, doesn't it?" I asked, as I reached out and fondled one of her saggy tits.
"I suppose so." she agreed. "Kind of like Hollywood stars meeting and falling for each other. Once the initial attraction goes away from being with another star, it goes by the wayside."
"I don't see that happening with us." I said quietly. "I have genuine feelings for you. My heart won't quit and I have a queasy feeling in my stomach like I love you. I know that sounds weird, and the last thing I want to do is say something stupid like, 'I love you,' but this is real, Nadine."
"I feel it too." she said softly. "I won't hide it either. I love you Jack. I feel like I have always known you, and I somehow feel that I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
"I can't explain it either." I admitted. "I love you too. I think that somehow, we were meant to be together. To meet and fall in love and..."
My voice trailed off. I suddenly realized how stupid what I was about to say would sound.
"What is it, Jack?" Nadine asked gently. "You can tell me anything. No secrets between us, okay?"
Suddenly, an urge to tell her overwhelmed me, and I just blurted it out.
"I think we were brought together, Nadine." I explained as best as I could. "I don't know... maybe my winning the lottery brought me here to be with you. Your ideas and my money could make this work. I don't even know where that came from earlier, when I was talking to everyone about nude tourists. It just came out. I must have sounded stupid."
"Not at all. Jack, I think you're right. I agree that maybe we were meant to be together. What if what you said earlier could happen? What if you can win the County Commissioner seat and work with me? Together, we could turn the entire county nudist friendly. An entire county that actively encourages clothes free tourism. We can do it, Jack! You and me together."
"It does feel right." I agreed. "But how did all of this start in the first place? What brought you here, and why did you stop wearing clothes to begin with? I heard you were just a kid, like twelve or so."
"Eight." Nadine replied. "I got punished for getting my Sunday school dress dirty, and my parents forbade me from wearing clothes for an entire week, to teach me a lesson. When the week was over, I didn't want to wear clothes at all. Guess it kinda backfired on them, because it caused a lot of problems with school and stuff."
"I'd like to hear all about it." I said with a gentle smile. "Why don't we take a shower and get cleaned up, and then we can sit out on the deck overlooking the valley. We can watch the sun set, and you can tell me the whole story."
"It's a long story," she replied, "but I'll gladly share it with you."
"I'd like that." I replied. "I want to hear all of the sordid details."
"There are a lot of them," Nadine continued, "but it will explain everything that you and everyone else have been wondering about."