Caught Wet Handed

Dear Auntie Amy,
I recently discovered my husband of 16 years in bed with his 23 year old secretary. I suspected something was up for months, so I hired a private investigator. He showed me multiple photos of them checking into hotels during lunch breaks.
When I confronted him, he lied and said it was a once-off. Now I just feel so betrayed. I told him to move out and he didn't object. I think he even moved in with her. My heart is completely broken. Now I drink during the day and cry whenever I think about him. I want to call his company and tell them what has been going on.
I honestly thought he was my soulmate... What should I do?
L
Too easy.
My fingers moved on autopilot, writing at least the hundredth iteration of basically the same message.
Dear L,
First of all, I am so, so sorry you went through that. You deserve FAR better...
Blah blah blah.
When I started writing agony aunt responses for WifeAndMom.com, it was purely a paycheck. It seemed my naive dream of writing the great American novel had a very tangible (and very reasonable) price. My editor suggested that my Japanese name would probably be 'less relatable'. With that, Asami Taylor became "Auntie Amy"!
You don't get a Master's degree in English Lit and fantasize about consoling divorcees or suggesting fellatio technique (...thank God for pseudonyms!). As I continued to write, however, I came to believe that I was helping these women deal with and overcome their difficult situations.
I'd be lying if I said my ego didn't mushroom somewhat for a period of time.
Luckily a few follow-up emails informing me how my advice had fucked up some of the readers' lives even worse brought me back down to Earth.
One woman told me that my advice to try a threesome had led to her boyfriend leaving her for the other woman... who became pregnant within weeks. The new couple had even become born-again Christians.
That one still makes me shudder.
Since then I swore simply to 'do no harm'. To be non-directing but comforting, understanding but realistic, empathetic but empowering. I don't want to create legions of embittered women or capitalize on misery if I can help it.
So I hammered out a safe, boilerplate response to L... in roughly 5 minutes.
Just as I was about to click Save, my laptop beeped loudly and my screen went black.
Oh shiiiiit!
The hum of the laptop slowly faded and died.
Noooooooo!
... You motherfucker!
I tried pressing the power button but to no avail. I pressed it again. Still nothing.
Sadly, that was the extent of my IT expertise.
What the hell was I going to do? I needed to submit my work by noon tomorrow or I wouldn't get paid.
Hmmmm...
Ahhhh!
Ryan!
"RYAN!?!" I yelled upstairs.
"WHAT!?!" my son yelled back.
"CAN I BORROW YOUR MACBOOK? MINE DIED!"
"UHHHH.... GIMME... A... MINUTE!"
I chuckled to myself.
Probably closing Pornhub as we spoke.
After a couple of minutes, my tall, handsome 18-year-old son came downstairs, laptop and cable underarm.
"Here ya go Mom," he said, his brown eyes half-hidden behind his messy black curls. Luckily he had gotten his father's wavy hair. At 6'1, my son was a handsome young man. He had a chiseled jaw, and a slim build, ideal for his rocker fashion sense.
I had met Aaron, Ryan's father, in college. Despite warnings from my conservative Japanese family about marrying a white man, we had tied the knot at 22... and untied it by 28. I really hated proving my parents right.
"Thanks, sweetie, you're a lifesaver!" I kissed him on the cheek. He blushed and turned back upstairs, his long legs taking them two at a time. After a minute, I heard him practicing riffs on his electric guitar. I sat at the kitchen table, opened the laptop, and resumed my work.
An hour later, I had submitted 6 pieces. I needed one more to fill my weekly quota.
As I perused the website's inbox, I kept an eye out for kinky subject lines. I liked to spice up the content with at least one unusual or salacious topic.
My daughter dumped her boyfriend of 5 years and has started dating an older woman.
Hmmm.
Not bad... but I had one lesbian piece already this week.
I continued scanning.
I can only climax when I'm being humiliated.
I heard my editor's voice in my head. "Too extreme for the average WifeAndMom..."
I kept looking.
One in particular seemed to catch my attention.
I found my son's porn folder. Now I can't look him in the eye.
... Hmmmm!
Hello.
Certainly, a topic I hadn't covered before... and with just the right amount of deniability for readers. They could pretend they were shocked or outraged, while secretly loving the sordid details.
I clicked into the mail.
Hi Auntie Amy,
I recently found videos on my son's laptop of stepfamily porn... including a lot of stepmother and stepson content. I don't know why he would like that as he is the only son of me and my husband (who are happily married). What really turns my stomach is that some of the women in the videos slightly resemble me! Ever since I found them, I can barely look at him or even have a conversation. Could it just be a phase? I'm starting to wonder whether he is mentally disturbed. I don't know what to do.
Please help!
Mom in need
Shit!... that's a toughie.
I liked it.
It was the kind of piece that could go viral.
I sat back, closed my eyes, and allowed my mind to wander. Usually, I found it best to imagine myself in their shoes.
So... what would I do if Ryan liked that kind of stuff?
Jesus.
I mean... for all I knew, he could. The thought was not a pleasant one.
My fingers caressed the keyboard as they awaited inspiration.
How could I properly answer a real plea for help if I couldn't imagine myself in that situation?
Self-doubt crept in as I began to hit keys.
Dear Katy,
Thank you for your mail...
Then... nothing. My mind was blank.
... Shit.
I looked at the clock. It was almost midnight.
Hmmm.
Sometimes sleep helped me come up with more creative solutions to tricky letters.
I sighed softly.
Fuck it.
I'd try again. first thing in the morning.
I closed the laptop and went to bed.
________________________________
As I tried to go to sleep, I tossed and turned for some time. Mindless darkness eluded me. I couldn't seem to shake the last letter from my mind.
It wasn't just the real plight that the writer was going through...
... it was also the realization that any mother could be in the same position.
I didn't have a particularly moralistic view of sex. I believe that consenting adults should be allowed to do whatever they choose... generally.
I had to admit though, that stance was challenged when I thought of incestuous relationships. There was just something gross about family members crossing that line. Couldn't they just get laid elsewhere?
I looked at my alarm clock.
2:48.
Fuck!
What was I going to do? I needed to sleep.
Another light caught my eye.
A blinking light on the bedside table. Ryan's laptop.
... Ryan's laptop!
Maybe... if I checked to see what he was viewing online, I'd be better able to relate to 'Mom in need'?
It felt like a breach of trust...
Was this a good idea? I was too tired to be sure.
What if I found myself in the same position, too ashamed or disgusted to meet my son's gaze?
Hmmm... Fuck it.
I had to know.
I opened his MacBook, clicked into a new browser, and found the History section. Football sites, websites for learning guitar songs, Ticketmaster, Facebook, Tiktok, and Amazon. Nothing of note.
Hmmmm... Did he delete his history?
Probably not, I reasoned. Not if those other websites were still there.
I minimized the tab and idly scanned the folders on his desktop.
Maybe he preferred to save his porn?
One folder was called 'Study Notes'. Despite being pretty tired, I had to smile at that. Though he had a good heart and a strong work ethic, Ryan wasn't exactly the most academic kid in the world.
My bullshit sense was tingling. I clicked into the folder.
A list of dozens of video files appeared. They weren't named, just timestamped. I opened the first.
Immediately a video opened of a naked young blonde girl on her knees in front of a guy, stroking his giant cock. The room behind her was quite dark, and the guy appeared to be holding the camera as she pleasured him. She looked up at the lens and winked, before sliding her tongue out to lick his dick. The video ended and began to replay automatically.
Hmmm... not bad. She was pretty cute.
Maybe he's just into amateurs?
I opened the next file. It was a similar shot, though with a young Asian girl. This time, however, she was sucking a massive tool eagerly, trying to take it as far down her throat as she could before gagging. The guy holding the camera moaned, his free hand reaching out to grab the girl by the hair. I quickly turned down the volume just in case Ryan was still awake.
The girl deepthroated the guy's cock, her eyes watering before she had to release it.
Damn...
... lucky bitch.
I began to feel relieved that my son's taste in porn was fairly "normal".
The next video was a little more intense, as the guy fucked the same Asian girl from behind, her cute little ass pushing back against his long thrusts. Again he gripped her by the hair, though this time he tugged sharply, and she let out a squeal.
Mmmmmm...
... Was it weird I was getting turned on by my son's porn?
The video was almost a minute long and finished when the guy buried his dick to the hilt in her pussy, filling her with his cum.
I slid a hand under the covers, into my pajama bottoms, and began to tease my clit as the video replayed. Over and over, I watched the guy bang the little Asian hottie, her cries of pleasure and his grunts eventually providing a long overdue and intense orgasm. It had been a long time since a man had fucked me like that... Too long.
I came quietly, stifling my moans with a hand clasped over my mouth.
As I slowly regained myself, I took a tissue from the bedside table and wiped my juices from my fingers.
When I went to close the video file, I noticed something bright in the background that I hadn't seen before.
An electric guitar hung from the wall.
Cherry red.
A flying V.
Epiphone.
... The same one I bought 3 Christmases ago.
... The same one that hung on my son's bedroom wall.
Oh no...
________________________________
I woke the next morning feeling oddly refreshed and light.
By the time my feet hit the floor, however, the memory of last night's events had resurfaced in my consciousness. I felt absolutely sickened by myself.
I had climaxed to a video of my son fucking some girl.
Sure, it was an honest mistake...
Sure, it was a victimless crime, that no one need ever know about...
Sure, it was in the pursuit of helping a struggling mother...
... but still.
I had cum (hard) watching my own sweet son's... big dick... stretch a girl's pussy.
Some things couldn't be undone.
With a sigh, I donned my bathrobe and padded down the hallway to the bathroom. I showered, the water almost scalding hot as I tried in vain to wash away any trace of my sin.
As I washed my body, my nipples felt hard and my clit tingled guiltily.
Returning to my bedroom, Ryan passed me. He was already dressed for school. My face burned with shame as he kissed me good morning on the cheek. I couldn't look at him in the eye. Despite myself, the image of his cock sprang unbidden in my mind.
After he left, I sat down once more at the kitchen table to work.
When I tried to return to the mail from 'Mom in need', I just couldn't do it. I felt too conflicted, too confused, by what had happened.
Instead, I picked the safer "Is it wrong to sleep with my landlord to pay the rent?"option.
An hour later, I submitted all of the completed pieces to my editor and closed the laptop. I busied myself with whatever chore I could think of, desperately seeking to focus on anything other than the mental image of my son's perfectly formed dick.
________________________________
For the next two weeks, I continued to write using Ryan's laptop. I didn't open his Study Notes folder again.
Every time I saw it, however, I admit I felt a little thrill just knowing what was inside.
And, unless I'm mistaken, the guilt I felt seemed to diminish slightly every day.
We interacted as normal. I made his dinner, washed his clothes, and drove him to and from various places. We chatted and joked around as we usually did. He made me pancakes on Mother's Day.
From his perspective, nothing had changed.
But something had changed for me... Something significant.
Or maybe it was that something WAS changing?
Thoughts of Ryan dominating the girls in his videos first forced their way into my dreams... then my waking moments. The young man who grabbed girls by their hair was not the gentle, sensitive youth I thought he was.
I remembered how many files there were in his folder. Dozens. Maybe a hundred. Christ... were they all of him?
I had never pried into his love life, always respecting his privacy. To be honest, I wasn't even sure he HAD a love life... until now. I wondered how many women had he slept with already. To my surprise, I realized that he had become a sexually proficient man, right under my nose.
A handsome, tall, dominant man... endowed with a cock that would make most girls drool... from both ends.
After one evening's work, I went to bed early.
As I lay there, turning over again and again, my mind seemed set on staying awake.
The blink of my son's computer seemed to tease me. Every couple of seconds it called out softly, "I'm here... anytime you want..."
In the darkness, I gritted my teeth, before sighing deeply.
... Fuck it!
I reached for the MacBook and within seconds I had opened my son's private folder.
I exhaled deeply as I saw the sheer number of files once more. God... I had been looking forward to this!
Double-clicking on one, a video popped up. It was him!... naked, facing the lens, sitting at a desk in someone's bedroom.
My heart fluttered. My nipples felt hard.
This time, the camera was propped up, pointing at him. For the first time, I admired his toned abs and defined pecs. As my eyes fell to look at his crotch (expecting to see his glorious cock), I saw the blonde hair of a girl there, her head bobbing up and down as she blew my boy.
Oh yesssss!...
I bit my lip, my hand instinctively sliding into my panties. Already wet, I eagerly began to touch myself.
Lucky little bitch!
What I wouldn't give to please a cock like that...
... A cock like that? Or that cock?
My pussy was drooling as I circled my clit.
Oh God!... It felt wrong... but also... sooo hot!
I kicked off the covers and set the screen aside so that I could use both hands as I watched. I played with my breast as I stared at the video, occasionally flicking and twisting my nipple.
Mmmmmm...
The blonde in the video leaned back while my son jerked off all over her face.
Holy shit!
KNOCK, KNOCK!
... Oh fuck!
The door started to open before I could pull my hand out of my underwear.
I heard Ryan's voice before I saw him.
"Mom, can I get my MacB-," he began... but froze in place when he saw what I was doing.
"Uhhh! Sure thing!" I blurted out, almost as if my son hadn't just caught me with my hand buried in my panties.
For a moment, neither of us moved.
Suddenly he turned away, his cheeks flushing deep red.
"That's ok! I'll get it whenever you're... finished!" he said before quickly closing the door.
Ohhhhh... FUUUUUUCK!!!
After he left, I violently threw my head back onto my pillow, cursing my stupidity.
I'm such an IDIOT!!! Why hadn't I locked the door!?!
Stupid, stupid, stupid!!!
I exhaled loudly, closed his laptop, and returned it to his bedroom. Fortunately, he wasn't there, so I left it on his desk. I heard the shower running as I went back to my room and thanked the Lord for small miracles.
I prayed that neither one of us would ever mention it.
After having been caught in the act, I lay in bed staring at the ceiling. I kept replaying the moment when Ryan had walked into my room. I felt so vulnerable and exposed as he looked down on me, one hand in my panties and the other cupping my tit.
I felt sickened. Ashamed.
But still... I felt that desire.
Dangerous and powerful.
My urge had not been satisfied.
I couldn't change what had happened... so where was the harm in finishing what I started?
Fuck it... and fuck it again.
Guiltily, I allowed my hand to find my clit once more. As I touched myself, I imagined my head where the blonde had been. My tongue on that magnificent cock.
A thought occurred to me.
What if Ryan hadn't left after he caught me?
What if he just stood there?... What if I didn't stop?
What if... he watched?
Oh God!
I came once more, my palm clasped over my mouth as I bucked and thrashed on my bed. My groans were muted, but the bed creaked loudly as I shifted.
As I returned from the bathroom a little while later, I could have sworn I heard a rhythmic thud coming from my son's room.
________________________________
Thankfully Ryan didn't mention the events of the prior night, and I certainly wasn't going to address the elephant in the kitchen. Instead, I cooked him a hearty breakfast before he went to school.
When he kissed me goodbye on the cheek, he seemed to hesitate.
He grabbed his travel mug on the way out. He had recently started drinking coffee and I smiled ruefully to myself as I felt another milestone of sorts pass me by.
Things seemed to return to relative normality after that. Sure, I could still recall the videos I had seen of my son and the lucky girls that he had fucked, but I tried to put those thoughts aside.
Later that week I purchased a new laptop. It was cheap but could easily manage what I needed from it.
One Friday evening, Ryan left for band practice in his friend Eric's garage. I sat at the dinner table as usual and began to work on my Auntie Amy column. I was three responses in. A warning appeared indicating my battery was almost dead. When I looked for the charger, I couldn't see it anywhere.
Shit! I only bought the damn thing and it's already missing?
I searched the living room, kitchen, and my bedroom once more. I even checked Ryan's room in case he had picked it up by mistake. No luck.
Where could it be?
I unlocked my phone and texted my son.
HEY, DID YOU SEE MY LAPTOP CHARGER?
My phone buzzed a few seconds later.
OH SORRY MOM, I MUST HAVE PICKED IT UP INSTEAD OF MY MIXING DESK LEAD. WILL BRING IT HOME LATER
I sighed in frustration.
I NEED IT FOR WORK. CAN YOU BRING IT HOME NOW?
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A SESSION. WHY DON'T YOU USE MINE FOR NOW?
I admit I was a little taken aback by the suggestion after... what had happened. I hadn't thought about using my son's laptop since I had bought my own. Now, I found myself with a valid reason to use it... and a couple of hours alone.
Temptation seemed to whisper in my ear.
I wrote back a final message.
OK. THANKS, SWEETIE. SEE YOU LATER
I vaguely noticed a warmth between my legs.
My hands trembled as I picked up the MacBook in Ryan's room. I walked back towards the kitchen... but instead found myself turning into my bedroom.
Feeling nervous, I placed the laptop on my bed and opened it. I sat cross-legged on the covers in front of it, my mouth dry.
God... I was going to see Ryan in action again.
As much as I had tried to push him from my fantasies, my tits felt hard at the mere prospect of witnessing his prowess.
I opened the screen... and was immediately confronted with a video of Ryan being blown by the blonde girl.
Hmmm... Strange. He must have left it playing.
Settling down to view it, I certainly didn't object, admiring once more my son's massive cock. I felt that familiar jealousy towards the girls who got the pleasure of satisfying him. I wondered again what it must be like to be under the control of a dominant and horny young guy.
Unbuttoning my blouse, I quickly threw it aside. My bra followed moments later. Deciding to take my time, I lay back against the headboard and at first just played with my tits.
On-screen, Ryan grabbed the girl's head and pulled her deeper onto his meat, his eyes fixed on the camera. I heard her gag.
Mmmmmm...
I pushed my skirt and panties down in one movement. My pussy was already wet.
With my legs spread wide, I began to rub my clit. I felt so naughty.
I remembered when Ryan walked in on me doing that.
A part of me wished he would walk in right then...
... God.
What would I even do?
As I watched, Ryan began to slap his cock against the cute blonde's tongue. She obediently followed his commands without a sound. His eyes never left the camera lens. I moaned as I watched Ryan smear his wet cock all over her face, letting her know that he owned her. She didn't protest.
I felt my first orgasm begin to build as Ryan rose to his feet. As I watched, he stroked his giant tool, the head aimed at the young girl's face. She simply stuck out her tongue and stared into his eyes.
I came as the first spurt of cum hit her lips. I writhed on the bed as my son delivered a hot facial to the sexy young slut onscreen. She licked his cum up like a good little slut. When she swallowed it, my orgasm peaked. I had never seen a girl outside of porn actually do that. It was wild!
As I slowly recovered, I noticed the girl cleaning Ryan's cock with her tongue, swallowing whatever cum she had missed. Oblivious, Ryan scooped up his phone and began to type on it.
My heart leaped when my phone began to vibrate.
What the fuck!?!
I picked up my cell and looked at the message.
Ryan...
BE HOME IN 15... SEE YOU THEN X
When I looked back to the screen, Ryan was still looking at the camera, a lop-sided grin on his face.
Oh my God!
It wasn't a video...
It was a fucking video call!
... My own son had set me up!
________________________________
When I say I freaked the fuck out after Ryan's little trick, I mean exactly that.
I instantly shut his MacBook and returned it to his room. Pacing from room to room, I had full-blown two-sided conversations with myself.
I couldn't decide what to do.
He said he was coming home...
... For what?
We had just watched each other cum on camera.
I suspected I knew exactly what he was coming home for.
He was coming home... to fuck.
To fuck me.
I shivered involuntarily.
The mother in me wanted to run, to remove any temptation from my son. I feared what it would mean if we let our passions run wild.
But the woman in me... the woman in me wanted desperately to stay... to know what it was like to be fucked the way I had dreamt of.
Shitshitshit!
What the fuck was I thinking!?!
I was the adult. I had to get out of there before we did something we both regretted!
Quickly I began to get dressed. Pulling on my panties and skirt, I hurriedly buttoned my blouse as I walked downstairs. I slid into a pair of black pumps and took my car keys off of the hook in the kitchen.
As I made my way to the front door, I saw a looming silhouette on the other side of the glass.
Oh no...
It was him!
A key turned in the lock and I watched the door handle twist.
Ryan pushed the door open, his eyes fixed on me.
"Hi, Mom. Going somewhere?" he asked calmly.
"I was... just going to... uhhh... get some groceries." I lied.
"Hmmm... No, you're not."
"What... what do you mean?" I said, a note of fear creeping into my voice.
"You know what I mean. Let's not play games."
I had never heard my son talk like this before. It was more than a little unnerving.
"Ryan... what happened... was... wrong. I didn't know it was a video call. If I had, I never would have..."
"Bullshit." Ryan grinned as he took a step toward me. I took a step back. "Sure you thought it was a video... but you watched it. And I saw EXACTLY how much you liked it."
He wasn't wrong.
Ryan took another step forward, I took another step back.
"I shouldn't have, Ryan! I don't know why I did... Let's just... forget it ever happened," I pleaded.
"Forget it ever happened?" he said, mockingly. "In that case... we should FUCK first, then forget THAT ever happened."
He moved slowly towards me. I felt my ass bump against the kitchen table.
Oh fuck.
Nowhere left to run.
My son stood in front of me, his eyes full of lust, and I noticed how much taller and broader he was than me.
"If we... fucked... it would change everything, Ryan. It could ruin our relationship!" I was getting desperate now.
My eyes implored him to stop... my pussy, however, had its own opinion.
"Who exactly you lyin' to? Me, or yourself? I saw you that night... or don't you remember?"
"Please..."
Did I really want him to stop?... Or did I just want deniability, like all those judgmental housewives? Fingering themselves silly as they read about others' infidelities.
My son just smiled at me, his eyes merciless.
"Enough," he said authoritatively, and I felt a chill run down my spine.
I closed my eyes, my body beginning to tremble. I felt Ryan's fingers skim my blouse, resting on the top button. With infinite patience, he deftly unbuttoned it.
"Much better," he said, almost to himself. I didn't resist as he slid my blouse off and let it fall to the floor. I stood in front of my son in a bra and skirt. My cheeks burned with shame.
He opened my bra with ease and I remained still as he unhooped the straps. It too fell to the ground.
I looked into my son's eyes as he ogled his mother's tits.
He gave a deep, guttural groan, and I felt a primal stirring between my legs.
I noticed a massive bulge in his jeans... God... was that really for me?
His hands reached out to cup and squeeze my tits. I wondered how long he had coveted them. I turned my head away and tried not to react as he teased my nipples. When he leaned down to suck one into his mouth, I bit my bottom lip to stop from sighing.
As he suckled, he groped my ass through the skirt.
I tried to close my legs when I felt his hand slide between them, but by then he was already touching my wet spot. He looked up at me, letting my nipple fall from his mouth, and grinned.
"Well, well, well..."
I turned my head away.
Ryan's finger moved up and down the outline of my labia, teasing my wet pussy lips. When he touched my clit, I finally moaned.
"Have you any idea how long I've dreamt of this, Mom?" he asked softly. "I thought it would always be just a fantasy. Impossible... Til that night, I walked in on you... playing with yourself... watching me." He shook his head gently, relishing the memory.
I bit my lip harder.
Ryan's hands grabbed both sides of my panties and yanked them down. Taken by surprise, I inhaled sharply.
He rose to his feet, towering over me by at least a head. His hands were slow but firm as he gripped my shoulders, turned me around, and bent me over the kitchen table.
I closed my eyes as my cheek rested on the cold surface. With my ass stuck out, my tits were pushed against the clear glass. Ryan lifted up my skirt, letting it rest on my back. I heard his belt open, and he yanked down his jeans.
When I felt the heat of his rigid dick moving against my sensitive, drenched pussy, I whimpered a little.
"Ryan... we shouldn't..."
A final plea to his morality.
"Want me to stop, Mom?... All you have to do is say so."
I felt my breath fog up the glass as my son waited for my response.
"Ryan..." I said once more, "... we...shouldn't."
With that, my son pushed his long, thick member into my dripping wet cunt. My eyes flew open. I had never felt something so pleasurable in all of my life.
"OH FUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK! OH GOD, RYAN!" I groaned. "IT'S SO BIG!!!"
He didn't say a word, just started slowly teasing my pussy, feeding his giant dick to me an inch at a time before pulling out. I was so horny, my pussy juice dripped down my leg. To think that I could make a stud like my son this hard made me feel so sexy.
I had never felt so slutty before.
When Ryan finally filled my snatch, I cried out blissfully.
"OH GOD, RYAN!!! OH FUCKING HELL!!!"
As he grew in confidence, he slapped my ass hard before he began to rail me from behind. I'd be lying if I said I didn't push back against him, my body crying out for his.
My pussy was being stretched out by my own son over the kitchen table. It was the theme of a million boyhood fantasies. I never knew it was one I shared until that instant.
His full balls slapped against me as he found his rhythm. When I felt his hand grip the hair on the back of my head, I gave in to the moment. He yanked my hair and I cried out.
"OH FUCK RYAN! FUCK ME, BABY! OH GOD, IT FEELS SO GOOD! FUCK ME! FUCK MOMMY'S PUSSY!"
He didn't respond, just grunted. I felt his thrusts quicken. He filled my pussy over and over and I felt my head get light. I knew I was nearing an earth-shaking climax.
"OH RYAN, BABY! THAT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD!!! I'M GETTIN' CLOSE!"
Through gritted teeth, I heard Ryan panting, lost in the most carnal act of all. When he pulled me back against him, I felt his dick pulsing inside me, his hot cum shooting deep into my womb.
That was it. That did it.
"OH GOD! I'M... CUMMINGGGGG!!!"
My legs felt weak as I remained bent over the table, my body supported only by the glass and my son's monster cock. My pussy spasmed around his tool, milking him for all the cum it could.
Panting and sweating, we were stuck together.
When Ryan recovered some minutes later, he leaned forward and kissed my neck. Besides a little whimper, I didn't speak as he pulled out. I listened as he wandered off upstairs. Staying bent over the kitchen table, my son's seed began to ooze from my pussy.
Gradually I noticed the noise of the shower upstairs.
Without a sound, I opened my eyes, stood up, and gathered my clothing.
I walked upstairs toward my bedroom... but instead found myself turning at the bathroom door.
When I opened the door, steam drifted out.
I saw the outline of Ryan in the shower, soaping up his long, thick cock with one hand, and his balls with the other.
As he turned to look at me, I approached the shower, opened the sliding door, and sank to my knees.