It was sheer luck that I ran into Susan at a sidewalk café when I was in Dallas for a job interview. We had been roommates for one semester in college at The University of Texas in Austin. Neither of us knew at the time how that chance meeting would impact our lives.
Susan had graduated a semester before me, and she'd almost immediately landed a job as a legal assistant in a fairly prestigious law firm based in downtown Dallas.
My degree was in Business Administration with a minor in Advertising. My job interview was with an advertising company only a few buildings down from where Susan was working.
"Do you have a place to live yet?" She asked me over lunch.
I chuckled, "No, I don't even have the job yet. I don't want to put the cart before the horse."
She acknowledged my response with a nod, and then she told me, "If they have a brain in their heads, you'll get the job. And if you do, I have a very nice two bedroom apartment just a few blocks from here, and I sure wouldn't mind splitting the rent. You won't even have to fight for a place to park. The apartment comes with two designated parking spaces in the underground garage, and you can walk to work like I do."
Wow! Her offer blew me away. Susan had been the perfect roommate in college. She was very neat and clean, and she was all business. Like me, she wasn't a party girl. We had both taken our education and grades very seriously. Also like me, she wasn't from a well-to-do family. Our parents helped us, but we both still had to work for spending money—her as a temp in the university admin department, and me as a waitress.
I got down to business without beating around the bush, "I would love that, but how much are we talking?"
She scrunched her lips, "I pay thirty-three hundred plus utilities." And then she defended, "I know that sounds like a lot, but it's a very nice place, and it's really handy to everything. My parents gave me the furnishings for a graduation present, and it's all very nice stuff. Are you staying in town tonight?"
"Yes . . . but-" She cut me off before I could protest about the price. Even if I got the job, I would be hard pressed to afford that much right out of the gate.
"No buts. Do you already have a hotel room?"
"No."
"Then it's settled. You'll stay at my apartment tonight and check the place out. I know it's not cheap, but you'll fall in love with it. I promise."
"Okay, but I haven't even had a first interview yet."
"You'll be fine. I just know it. Jan, I have a really good feeling about this. Fate brought us both here today."
Susan and I exchanged cell phone numbers and agreed to meet again when she got off work. "I'll try to sneak out a little early so you don't have to wait around too long." She told me.
* * *
My interview went very well, and when they found out I was in town just to meet with them, they scheduled my second interview for the following day.
Susan had been right about her apartment. I couldn't believe how gorgeous it was. All of a sudden, the rent she was paying seemed way too cheap for the quality of the apartment. "Wow!" I exclaimed. "This place is only thirty-three hundred?"
She giggled, "My boss—well no, my boss's boss, is a part owner of the building, and their employees get a break on the rent."
The apartment was on the fourteenth floor, with a doorman and all. It was over fifteen hundred square feet with two spacious bedrooms, each with a walk-in closet. And the bathroom was to die for, with a walk-in shower and a large garden tub. The open floor plan made the living room; kitchen and dinning room seem even larger than they actually were. There was also a spacious balcony, even though the view was just of the similar building across the alley.
Susan hadn't exaggerated about the quality of the furnishings either. The furniture and decorations all looked like they had been hand picked by an interior decorator.
I had to laugh at Susan's method of cooking. She had her iPad connected wirelessly to a small TV on the kitchen counter. She had purchased all the ingredients and had them laid out and handy. Remote in hand, she started the video, pausing it every few seconds to do what it had just instructed.
Almost an hour later, we had a full Chinese meal ready to eat. We had prepared Hot and Sour Soup, General Tso's Chicken, and Hunan Shrimp with vegetables.
"Well, what do you think?" She asked me.
"It's delicious." I answered honestly.
She shrugged, "Not bad for a first try. We'll do something Indian tomorrow evening."
I'd never eaten Indian food, but if this meal was any indication of what was possible, I was all in.
Lying in bed that night, I almost had to pinch myself. Twenty-four hours earlier, I never would have dreamed I might land a great job, a gorgeous place to live, and a wonderful roommate—all within hours of getting to Dallas. It was a dream come true.
The next morning, after my second interview, I was offered the job, with a starting salary substantially above what I expected. I didn't find out until months later that Susan's boss was a golf buddy of the owner of the company I'd applied to. I was beginning to understand the old saying "It's not what you know. It's who you know." and I had accidentally fallen into the downtown Dallas cliché.
To celebrate my new job, Susan and I walked a few blocks to the famous Dallas West End, a group of very nice clubs, restaurants and stores. It was Friday night, so they were all too crowded and too loud, so we ended up taking our drinks outside on the patio and watching a blues band playing in the closed off street. All in all, it was a wonderful night, and within walking distance from the apartment building.
In bed that night, I had to force myself to resist the urge to get up and walk out onto the balcony, where I would surely have screamed out to the city "Look out, Dallas! I have arrived!"
* * *
For the next several months, Susan and I worked, cooked exotic meals with the help of the internet, and shared a glass of wine on the balcony. We walked over to the West End every Friday or Saturday night. On Sunday, we cleaned, did our laundry in the basement laundry room, and caught up on our favorite TV series. We spent two hours every Tuesday and Thursday evening in the building's gym working out. Some might consider that all very boring for two fairly attractive young ladies in their early twenties, but it suited us both very well.
We were sharing a glass of wine on the balcony after supper one warm May Friday evening when Susan exclaimed too loudly, "Oh my God!"
When I looked at her, she pointed to the building across the alley. When I saw what had caused her reaction, my eyes shot open. Straight across from us, and one floor down, there was a naked man standing on his balcony. The apartments in that building were almost all tall windows on that side. They had heavy drapes, but his were all open. The lights were all on, so his apartment and balcony were really lit up.
His balcony, unlike ours, which was enclosed by a four foot wall of wooden planks, was only protected by a rod iron railing. The spaces between the iron pickets left his anatomy totally exposed to us and anyone else in our building that just happened to be looking his way. And I should add that the view was very impressive.
I was afraid he might look up and see us staring at him, but he seemed oblivious. He was just standing there, leaning on the railing, and sipping on some kind of drink. Of course, we kept watching him, although we did move back a little so as not to be so noticeable.
Neither of us were virgins. Susan had had three sexual partners to my two, but neither of us had ever seen anything like what we were staring at. The guy's cock was huge! It hung three-fourths of the way to his knees, and even flaccid, it appeared to be very large around.
The only words Susan and I shared were whispered, "Holy shit!" and "Oh my God! Can you believe that?"
After several minutes, he turned and walked inside his apartment, but we could still see him clearly. He was walking back and forth through his apartment while talking on his cell phone, his huge cock swinging from side to side with every step.
Now, with his sliding door closed, Susan asked aloud, "Do you think it's real?"
Feeling the slight tingle of my second glass of wine, I chuckled, "I don't know. Why don't you go over there and find out?"
She gasped, "No way! That thing isn't getting anywhere near my pussy."
I had to laugh. I'd never heard Susan use a word like "pussy". We'd never talked much about sex, and when we did, it was always in the most generic terms.
Finally, the guy's lights when out, and the show was over. When Susan and I went back inside to go to bed, she giggled, "Have fun tonight. I know I will."
I knew what she meant, and the thought that we were probably going to do the same thing in our respective beds made me blush.
* * *
At breakfast Saturday morning, Susan shocked me by asking in a matter-of-fact tone, "Well, how did it go for you last night?"
When I just stared at her, not knowing what to say, she chuckled, "To be honest, I haven't cum that hard in months."
I thought back to the night before, and a half grin crossed my lips as I remembered my own powerful orgasm. I showed her a wink and gave my grin permission to widen.
Susan laughed, "It was that good for you too, huh?"
"You might say that." I finally managed a response, still not believing we were having this conversation while pouring our coffee as if we were discussing a movie we'd both watched.
"Can you believe the tool on that guy?"
"I'm still not sure it's real." I said honestly.
She shrugged and finally changed the subject. "We need to plan our menu for the week and go shopping. Do you have any suggestions?"
We spent the next two hours looking up recipes, book-marking the web pages, and making a list of the ingredients we'd need. "I want to go for a drive after grocery shopping." She told me. "Care to come with me?"
"A drive? To where?"
She raised an eyebrow and showed me a naughty grin, "It's a surprise."
"Okay" I said with a shrug.
* * *
It was a beautiful day, so we took Susan's Mustang convertible. Both of us were wearing tube tops and shorts, so we put the top down and let the sun bathe our bare shoulders and legs.
I felt a tad uncomfortable shopping in the grocery store dressed like that. Even though our attire was entirely appropriate for a stroll down the sidewalks of downtown Dallas or walking around the lake at the local park, I wasn't sure it was all that appropriate for the grocery store full of soccer moms.
When Susan pulled her mustang up onto I-30 East and hit the gas, I couldn't imagine where we were going. She still wouldn't tell me, so I just sat back and enjoyed the wind blowing my long brown hair behind me and the sun on my bare flesh.
We both giggled when truckers blew their air horns as we flew past them. Susan said with a laugh, "They're probably on their radios telling the truckers ahead of us to 'check out the two babes in the blue convertible heading your way'."
Twenty minutes later, she took the exit of Bass Pro Drive, and it was obvious then where we were going, although I couldn't imagine why.
After walking around for several minutes looking at the dozens of large stuffed animals; deer, bear, elk, mountain goats and such, we spent some time admiring the Largemouth Bass in the huge aquarium.
I was sure we hadn't driven all that way to look at the fish and stuffed animals, and finally, Susan took my hand and led me to the hunting department.
She knew exactly what she was looking for, and soon she'd made her purchase and we were on our way out. I was laughing all the way out of the store and still intermittently while traversing the huge parking lot to her car.
* * *
Susan and I hadn't fully made up our minds, but we were leaning toward walking over to the West End later that night. In the meantime, we were in the mood to do something different for supper.
While she put the finishing touches on our Shrimp Scampi over Angel Hair pasta and garlic bread, I spread a white table cloth over the table and lit two tall candles. When the food was ready, we dimmed the lights and enjoyed the wonderful meal.
When we were finished eating and filling the dishwasher, it was still fairly early, so I drew a bath and sat back in the large garden tub with a second glass of wine.
Over the next thirty minutes under the warm bubbles, I reflected on my situation. I felt like I'd won the lottery. I had a great job, and the people I worked with were very nice and helped me learn my way around the company and clients. And I had a beautiful place to live with the most wonderful roommate anyone could imagine. It was all like a dream I never wanted to wake up from.
With only one bathroom in the apartment, Susan and I weren't shy about being nude or partially so in front of each other. It wasn't uncommon for one of us to be at the sink while the other was in the shower. Unless we were on the toilet to do more than pee, we rarely bothered closing the bathroom door.
I looked over to see Susan standing in the doorway grinning at me. "What?" I asked her.
"He's back." She said in a giddy tone. "Hurry up. I'll be out on the balcony."
"Is he naked?"
"Yep." And she turned and left with a naughty giggle.
I got out of the bath and dried off quickly, pulling on some panties and a robe as I made my way toward the kitchen. I refilled my glass without turning on the light. I guessed she'd turned it off to keep it from revealing her presence on the balcony.
I quietly slid open the door and stepped out onto the balcony. I had to force myself not to laugh when I saw Susan using her Bass Pro Shop purchase from earlier in the day; a small but very powerful pair of binoculars. I slumped down into the chair next to her far enough so that I could barely peek over the wooden wall.
The man was standing in his living room, again talking on his cell phone. He was turned sideways to us, so we had a great view of his enormous cock—her better than me, of course. After a minute or so, she handed me the binoculars. Wow! I couldn't believe how powerful those little binoculars were. I could clearly see the veins that traversed the long, heavy shaft of his man meat. I could even see his low hanging balls as they rose and fell slightly as he breathed.
When Susan pulled the spy glasses away from me and I was back to watching him without the advantage of enhanced vision, two things became apparent to me. First, he was very proud of what he had between his legs, and secondly, he knew, perhaps even hoped, that he had an audience.
The thought hit me that we were being foolish to hide ourselves. Had he seen us, he probably would have given us an even better show. But then again, it sunk in on me that we wouldn't want him to know where we lived, and that would be easy enough to figure out by counting floors and balconies. No, that wouldn't do at all. We wouldn't want him knocking on our door.
I pulled the binoculars away from Susan and had another close up look. This time though, I actually looked at more than his monster cock. He was a fairly handsome man. He was fit, his stomach flat, and his biceps pronounced. His chest was moderately hairy. I guessed him to be in his early to mid thirties.
I also took a few seconds to look around his apartment. It was every bit as nice as ours, with beautiful furniture and appointments. He was obviously neat and clean. Like our apartment, it was an open floor plan, so I could see his dining room and the top part of his kitchen counter. There were flowers on the table and a designer bowl full of candy on the counter.
His bedroom was equally neat. His bed appeared to be a king, with a western looking duvet. Of course, it was well made, and there were several pillows neatly placed with matching shams. I wondered if he had a maid or cleaning service.
My turn on the binoculars was over just as he stepped out onto his balcony. Again, he just leaned on the railing and sipped his drink, seemingly totally oblivious to the fact that others could see him. He never looked up, down or around. Perhaps that was his way of encouraging people to feel free to look.
I whispered to Susan with a chuckle, "I guess the West End is out for tonight."
She responded without taking the binoculars away from her eyes, "Oh yeah!"
It was almost an hour before "Cock Man" as we'd decided to call him, finally went inside, and it was another hour after that before he turned off his lights, all except for those in his bedroom. Before turning those off, he turned on a bedside lamp. Then he carefully set the throw pillows aside and turned down the covers. Only after crawling into bed, did he switch off his bedside lamp.
* * *
"Wine isn't cutting it." Susan told me when we were back inside. "I need something a little stronger after that show."
"I could use a Screwdriver myself." I told her with a chuckle. "A stiff one."
While we were making our drinks, Susan said, "Speaking of 'a stiff one', can you imagine how he'd look hard?"
I gasped, "Oh my God! No, I can't."
When we were seated in the living room area, Susan said what I was thinking, "Hell, even if it doesn't grow at all, no woman could take all of that thing. It would split her open."
"Hell, it's at least three times bigger than my vibe." I said without thinking, and then I was embarrassed at having just admitted to my roommate that I use a vibrator to get myself off.
Susan just laughed and said, "I thought my dildo was big, but it's not even close to as big as him."
"I can't believe we're talking about the size of our sex toys." I confessed meekly.
"Oh lighten up." She scolded me. "They get the job done, and they're a lot less hassle than men."
She was right. My life was going too perfectly to risk screwing it up by introducing a man into the situation. We both garnered plenty of offers though, especially when we went down to the West End. "You can say that again." I agreed.
When we finished our drinks and headed to our bedrooms, Susan giggled, "Just try to ignore any sounds you hear coming from my bedroom tonight."
"You're soooooo bad." I teased her.
"Oh, like you're not going to need new batteries in your toy by morning."
"Okay, maybe." I jokingly admitted.
And Susan was right. The minute I closed my eyes, the image of Cock Man's gigantic cock flooded my brain. Almost without thinking, I began massaging and kneading my C cup breasts. Before long, I was rolling my nipples between my fingers and pulling on them.
I finally quit kidding myself. I was horny, and I needed to take care of myself. I slid off my panties and began teasing my clit and pussy. After a couple of minutes, I pulled my vibe from the drawer beside my bed. It only took a few minutes to push myself over the edge. No longer afraid to make a sound, I moaned loudly as I came.
* * *
The next morning over coffee, muffins and oranges, Susan chuckled, "I don't have to ask how last night went for you. You beat me by a full five minutes."
I felt my face flush. I didn't realize I'd been that loud. "Sorry, it doesn't take me long when I'm primed."
She reached across the table and put her hand on my arm, "Honey, never apologize for having a short fuse. That's a huge advantage when you're with a man—at least the ones I've been with."
"Yeah, well, I guess I'm lucky. I've never had a problem in that department."
"My last boyfriend was a one shot wonder . . . and the one shot wasn't all that great. I usually had to finish myself off after he fell asleep. I even tried giving him a blowjob first, hoping he'd be better on the second go, but he just lost interest and went to sleep."
I wasn't really as comfortable with the conversation as Susan seemed to be, but I decided to, as she had said the night before "lighten up". "I'm usually okay if they will go down on me for a few minutes before climbing on."
"God yes!" She said giddily. "My second boyfriend was great with his tongue. He couldn't get me off that way, but he could definitely get me primed and ready, and he had a nice cock too. I usually came the first time a few seconds after he got inside me. Damn him for transferring to a different college."
"Whew!" I exclaimed, "We'd better change the subject before I have to go back to bed and have a repeat of last night."
Susan laughed out loud and then asked, "Well, how bad would that be?"
It was obvious to me that if the subject was going to be changed, it would be up to me to do it. I got up and took our plates to the dishwasher, "Do you want more coffee or juice?"
* * *
It would have been a lot easier to stop thinking about Cock Man if Susan hadn't kept bringing him up, or at least making little innuendos. When we were alone in the laundry room, standing at the long table sorting clothes into different loads, she laughed out loud and bumped hips with me, "Oh my God! These must be the ones you were wearing last night on the balcony." And she held up a pair of my panties which had obviously been soaked with my juices.
I shot right back at her, "Hum, maybe, now lets take a look at yours. They probably have a hole burned through them."
"I know! That wouldn't surprise me at all. My pussy was on fire." She responded with a chuckle.
Again, I felt the need to change the subject, so I offered, "Hey, I have an idea. If you'll take care of this, I'll go prep the chicken for tonight. The longer it has time to marinate, the better."
"Sounds good." She agreed, "I can't wait to taste this new dish of yours."
"It's not new." I corrected her. "It's my grandmother's recipe—an old family favorite."
"It's new to me." She defended.
Once upstairs, I got out a large freezer sip-lock baggie and the large chicken breast we had thawed out in the fridge. I used a thirty spike tenderizer to prepare the breast thoroughly, and then cut it into very thin strips.
Next, I crushed up part of a fresh garlic and diced up half an onion. I put the chicken strips into the baggie, filled it half full of Virgin Olive Oil, the crushed garlic, the onion, and then a heavy dose of McCormick seasoning.
Lastly, I closed the baggie, making sure to squeeze out all the air. I then massaged the concoction inside the baggie until I was sure every strip of the chicken was saturated with the mixture.
After putting the baggie into the fridge, I went back downstairs to keep Susan company while she waited on each cycle of the laundry.
It was only one p.m. when the laundry was done, folded and put away, so we decided to have a light lunch and then go for a walk. After sharing a sliced turkey sandwich and some cantaloupe, we went to our rooms to get ready.
We were both wearing shorts and tennis shoes. I chose a tube top, while Susan donned a thin white halter. When she came out of her bedroom, I couldn't help but notice how the thin material of her halter did a poor job of concealing her firm nipples and dark areolas, and how it allowed her D cup breasts to swing with each step.
She was a somewhat petite five foot five, and very athletic, which made her already prominent breasts seem even larger. She normally dressed much more conservatively, except around the apartment, where a tiny bikini top was her normal attire. That's why I was a little shocked to see her ready to go out in public in that particular halter.
"Seriously?" I asked her.
She just giggled, "Thinking about Cock Man has me feeling a little frisky."
"Okay" I responded, "But if you get attacked, you're on your own."
* * *
It was a short drive over to the park we preferred. It had a nice lake, and an asphalt path all the way around it. We just had to stay to one side of the path to avoid getting run over by those on rollerblades, skateboards and bicycles. And it had restroom facilities, which was a big plus.
I wasn't surprised when Susan's halter caused several near disasters. Her breasts were definitely distracting, and at the speeds some of the boys flew by on their rollerblades, skateboards and bikes, there was more than one collision. Each time, Susan would just chuckle and whisper to me a comment like, "Another one bites the dust." She was obviously having fun in a way I'd never seen from her.
At one point, she even said to me in a low voice so only I could hear, "Think how much fun it would be if we could go topless."
I gasped, "You're sooooo baaaaddddd." And I gave her a playful shove.
One time, two fairly handsome young men on rollerblades stopped and hit on us. I was still thinking of a polite way to brush them off when Susan responded, "Sorry, boys. We're lesbians."
All I could do was shake my head. When they were out of ear shot, I ask her, "Lesbians? Really?"
She laughed out loud, "It did the trick, didn't it?"
I had to admit it had been effective, and it didn't hurt the guys' feelings about being rejected. "Yes, I guess it did. I'll have to remember that one." I agreed.
After three full trips around the lake and a stop at the facilities, we headed back to Susan's convertible.
When we pulled into the underground garage, Susan asked, "Wanna head over to the West End for a glass of tea?"
I shrugged, "Sure. Let's go up and change."
She showed me a naughty grin and a challenging raised eyebrow, "Nah, I'm good if you are."
"Okay." I said, resigning myself to the idea that my normally conservative roommate was indeed feeling frisky.
Once we were seated under and umbrella on the patio at our favorite restaurant, I asked Susan, "You're really in a mood today. What's gotten into you?"
She shot me a scolding look, "You know good and well what has me in this mood. Don't pretend to be naïve. It doesn't look good on you."
She was right. I did know what was causing her mood. Cock Man was having an effect on me too, but to a much lesser extent. "Okay, I get it, but if you just need to get laid, I'm sure you won't have any trouble finding a volunteer, especially wearing that halter."
She shot back way to loudly, "Not no, but hell no!" And then she lowered her voice, "I don't have any room in my life for a man right now. Besides, I like feeling this way. It's been too long since I felt this sexy and alive."
The hostess showed a man to the table behind Susan. It wasn't until he sat facing us that I recognized him. It was Cock Man. It took me a minute to compose myself. I wanted to say something to Susan, but I was afraid she would look around and be too obvious about it. There was no telling what she might do or say. And too, I guessed that she hadn't taken the time to look at his face through the binoculars.
Finally, I stood up and leaned over enough to whisper to her without him hearing, "I need to go to the ladies room. You should come with me."
"Nah, I'm okay. You go on." She replied.
I intentionally adopted a more serious tone, "No, you need to come with me, right now."
She showed me a puzzled look, but finally shrugged and got up. In the ladies room, and after insuring we were alone, I told her, "The guy who just came in, the one sitting right behind you, that's Cock Man."
It took a few seconds for my words to soak in on her. "No way! How do you know?"
I chuckled, "Unlike you, I actually looked at his face."
"Oh my God!"
"Susan, you have to promise me you won't say or do anything to embarrass us. Otherwise, I'm going to leave right now."
"Can I at least look at him when we go back out there?"
"Yes, of course, as long as you don't stare."
"Okay, okay, I promise. Gezzzzz!"
Susan kept her word, except that when she reached her seat, she said "Hi" to him before sitting down.
He nodded and replied with a smile, "Good afternoon."
I could see Susan visibly melt.
"So, it's a beautiful day, isn't it?" I asked her when she was seated, hoping to take her mind off of Cock Man, even though I knew it was a futile effort.
She showed me a scolding look and rolled her eyes, "Yes, it's quite lovely." She said in a mocking tone.
When the waitress came over, Susan wanted to order another glass of tea, but I insisted that we needed to go and asked for our check.
Our waitress responded, "The gentleman at the next table is giving me all kinds of hand signals that he's got your tab." She said in a voice loud enough for him to hear.
Damn, I thought, this is all we need. Cock Man is going to pay for our tea. I thought about insisting that we pay our own check, but I didn't want to come off as a bitch, so I held my tongue. We both told him "Thank you" with friendly smiles and left.
"Oh my God! Can you believe that? Are you one hundred percent sure that was him?" Susan kept asking during the entire walk back to our apartment building. "He's cute."
I playfully bumped into her while we were walking. "Yes, I'm a hundred percent sure. And if you'd ever pulled your eyes away from his cock, you'd know too.
"Hey, I didn't spend over a hundred dollars for those binoculars to look at his face." She defended herself with a playful giggle.
* * *
"God! I hope he gives us another show tonight." Susan said as we began preparing our supper. "Not that I need it. I'm sure I could take care of business right now."
"Damn, girl. You're turning into a sex maniac all of a sudden." I scolded her. "But if he does, you should probably at least glance at his face this time." I added and then laughed out loud.
I chopped up the other half of the onion I'd used earlier, and then finely chopped some more garlic. Then, I put them on the stove over medium heat and dumped in the contents of the freezer bag. I tended to that while Susan began cooking the four-cheese rice.
We agreed that we'd enjoyed the ambiance of our supper the night before, so we once again covered the table with a white table cloth and lit candles. I prepared our plates, first the rice, and then the chicken, onion, garlic mixture on top.
"God! I love it!" Was Susan's reaction upon taking her first bite.
I showed her a wide smile. "It's good, isn't it?"
"Oh my God yes. Tell your grandmother thank you for me."
I looked up at the ceiling, "Thanks, Gramms".
Susan's eyes flew open and then her expression turned serious, "I'm so sorry. I didn't know."
"That's okay. There is no way you could have. Don't worry about it."
Her mood seemed to lighten. She looked up and said, "Thanks Gramms. It's wonderful."
* * *
I was once again soaking in a nice hot bubble bath, half hoping Cock Man wouldn't put on another show tonight. It had been a wonderful weekend, and I planned to go to bed early to be at my best for work the following day.
Those hopes were dashed fairly quickly though when Susan appeared, "Hurry up. He's at it again."
"You go ahead." I told her. "I just want to relax for a while."
"Okay, your loss." She said as she turned and left the bathroom.
I'd just finished shaving my legs when Susan appeared again. She seemed to be out of breath. "C'mon, hurry. You don't want to miss this." And she turned and hurried off again.
I couldn't imagine what had her in such a state, so I quickly dried off and pulled on my robe. When I got out to the balcony, and even before she handed me the binoculars, I saw what had her so excited. Cock Man was half sitting on top of his duvet in his bed with several pillows behind him. His cock was hard, and he was slowly stroking it.
My eyes shot open and my jaw dropped when I saw the size of it. The purple head of his cock reached almost to his nipples. I'd only been looking through the eye pieces of the binoculars a few seconds when I saw him bow his head and lick a drop of pre cum from it. I was blown away.
"Holy shit! Did you see that?" I asked my roommate.
In an awe struck voice, she asked me, "Did he just do what I think he did?"
"Oh yeah!" I answered. "I've never seen anything like that in my entire fucking life."
"Give me the fucking binoculars." She demanded.
So I reluctantly handed them over. Even without the binoculars, I watched him do that twice more.
Susan kept repeating over and over, "Oh my God! That is so fucking hot!"
We had passed the binoculars back and forth a few times when his pace picked up and he put his other hand below the first one. Even then, there was unattended cock above and below his two hands. I had them when he started cumming. It was flying everywhere, spurt after power spurt. "Fuck yeah! He's cumming." I told Susan in awe. I couldn't believe how much of it there was.
She grabbed the binoculars from me, and a few seconds later, she exclaimed, "Holy fuck! He's still shooting. Oh my God!"
I saw his hand slow down and his body seemed to relax. I took the binoculars back from Susan just in time to see him bow his head again and lick the swollen head of his cock.
She saw it too, "Holy shit! He did it, didn't he? He licked his own cum."
I was too enthralled with the site to respond. Finally he relaxed, and I watched as his huge cock began to shrivel up. It was almost flaccid when Susan grabbed the binoculars back from me.
"God! There's cum everywhere. I've never seen that much—not even close."
Cock Man finally pulled a box of Kleenex from his bedside table and began cleaning himself up. A couple of minutes later, he got up and disappeared into his bathroom.
Susan finally lowered the binoculars, and we sat looking at each other in silence. Neither of us could think of anything to say.
Finally, I said to Susan, "WE need another set of binoculars!"
* * *
There was a late meeting at my work Monday afternoon, so I was over an hour late getting home. Susan had her laptop and printer set up on the dining room table.
"Whatcha working on?" I asked her as I started taking off my business clothes.
"You'll see. I'm almost done." She said with a giggle and tone that got my attention.
"Is it something to do with Cock Man?"
She acted irritated, "Go change, and then fix us both a Screwdriver. I'll be finished with this in a minute."
I couldn't imagine what she was up to, but if she thought I needed a drink to hear it, I was even more concerned.
When I sat her drink on the table, the first thing I noticed was two signs she'd printed in large letters on heavy card stock and cut down to size. The first said, "On Yahoo Messenger", and the second said, "4Tits4U".
"4Tits4U" I said aloud with a chuckle. "What the hell?"
"That's our new Yahoo name." She answered without looking up from her laptop.
"Our new Yahoo name? What the hell do we need a Yahoo name for?"
She acted exasperated, "To talk to Cock Man, silly."
"What? We're going to talk to . . . why?"
Again, she seemed irritated, "Just wait. You'll see."
My logical side kicked in, "You don't even know if he's on Yahoo, and even if he is, you don't know his ID on there. So what good is all this going to do?"
"If he isn't, he will be." She stated flatly. "You'll see. I'm almost done." Less than a minute later, she said, "There, all done. Our new account is all set up. Now, all we have to do is take the picture."
"Picture! No way! I'm not going to post my picture on the internet. You're crazy."
"The picture won't show our faces, dummy, and I'm not going to post it anywhere. I'm not an idiot."
I put two and two together. "Just our boobs?"
"Now you're catching on."
"4Tits4U got it, but still, he's never going to see it. The rest of the world might, but not him. Wait! You said you're not going to post it online?"
She giggled. "Trust me, he will not only see it, but he'll contact us. There's no doubt about that."
I couldn't fathom how she was going to accomplish that. Now I was really confused. "If you're not going to post it, then what the hell? Why do we have to take a picture?"
Again, she was irritated. She got up and placed her digital camera on the end of the table. Then she took up the roll of masking tape she had already taken out and had at the ready.
Next, she put her hands on my shoulders and forced me to stand a few feet away from the table facing it. "Don't move." And then she went back and looked at the camera. "Back up a half step." When I did, she said, "A few inches forward."
Finally, she admonished me, "Don't move." And then she came over to where I was standing and pulled off a long piece of the tape. She put it on the carpet at my toes, and then another parallel to that to my right. "Now, get naked." She commanded, and at the same time, she was taking off her top and shorts.
"Seriously?" I asked in a confrontational tone.
"Just do it!" She ordered.
"Okay, okay" I gave in, "But I reserve the right to veto anything you do with the picture."
"Fine!"
When she stepped up beside me on my right, she handed me the sign that said "4Tits4U". She kept the one that said, "On Yahoo Messenger". "Hold it right above your boobs."
A few seconds later, the camera clicked. Susan immediately hurried over to it with an order to me, "Don't move."
After looking at the picture, she returned beside me. "We need a better one. Scoot up a few inches."
Three pictures later, she announced, "got it". Then she pulled the sim card out of the camera and slid it into the slot on her laptop. We both looked at the four pictures.
The last one showed our boobs and the signs clearly. "That's the best one, don't you think?"
"I hope you're going to delete those."
She rolled her eyes again, "Of course I will." And then she proceeded to print the last one on the same heavy card stock she'd used for the signs.
"Okay, so now what?" I asked her.
She carefully folded the card stock and placed it in a blank envelope. "He's in apartment 1308. I went there during lunch today and counted the doors. At lunch tomorrow, I'm going to slide this under his door."
"How did you get in?"
"His building doesn't have a door man. I just walked in and took the elevator up to his floor, and then I counted the doors over to his."
"Great! Can I get dressed now?"
* * *
I did get dressed. Susan put on her panties and shorts, but she remained topless as we started fixing supper. "Cooking topless?" I chided her with a chuckle.
She shot me an evil grin and fluttered her lashes, "It's for you. I know how much you like looking at my boobs."
"Right!" I shot back at her in a dismissive tone. In truth though, I did like looking at them. I was jealous of them. It was all I could do to keep from reaching out and touching them—not in a sexual way, but just to see how her firm D cups would feel different than my less firm C cups.
It even crossed my mind that she would let me if I was to ever muster the nerve to ask. And then in a moment of weakness, and without really thinking it through, I said in a matter-of-fact tone, "You're right though. I do like looking at them."
My roommate turned and looked me right in the eyes, and then she raised her eyebrows and asked me, "Why didn't you tell me that a long time ago? I don't mind at all. I like looking at yours too. I came close to reaching over and cupping one of yours for that last picture, but I was afraid you'd freak. Would you have . . . freaked, I mean?"
"No." I said flatly as I turned back to chopping the lettuce for our salad. "I know this is going to sound really gay, but I've wondered on more than one occasion how yours feel."
Susan laughed out loud, "Hell, after supper, we'll have to feel each other up to satisfy our curiosity then."
I felt myself blush, but I didn't reject her proposal outright. "Shit, we're both gay."
She put her hand on my arm, "No, we're not gay. We're just curious. That's all. Tell me you haven't been in the shower with a half dozen other girls and stared a little too much and wondered how their boobs would feel. I know I have . . . many times. That doesn't make me gay, or you either. I'm secure enough in my sexuality to admit it. Are you?"
"Okay, count me in."
Susan let out a wild giggle and chanted in a little kid's voice, "We're going to feel each others boobs. We're going to feel each others boobs," while she danced a silly jig. And then we both burst out in laughter.
After putting our diner dishes in the dishwasher, Susan looked at me and said, "Well, time to do the gay thing. Get your shirt off."
When I was naked from the waist up, she said, "You're too shy, so I'll go first." And she immediately reached up with both hands and began feeling of my boobs. "Oh wow! I love the way they feel." She felt and kneaded them for over a minute before releasing them and thrusting out her chest, "Your turn."
When my hands were on her boobs, I was in awe. I couldn't believe how firm they felt, but yet still soft and smooth. I was really enjoying it.
I was still enjoying feeling Susan's boobs when she reached up and began feeling and kneading mine again. She shocked me by saying, "Damn, I must be gay. I really, really love this. Is it making you as hot as it's making me?"
"Honestly, yes. I didn't think it would, but I was wrong. I think it's hot as hell."
"Fuck yeah!" She exclaimed. "I'm so hot and wet, I'm going to go to my room and get myself off the instant we stop doing this."
And that's exactly what we both did two minutes later.
* * *
At our quick breakfast the next morning before heading off to work, Susan said to me, "Shit, are we gay or what. When I got to my room, I came in like one minute. How did it go for you?"
"About the same." I responded honestly. I didn't tell her how difficult it was for me to resist kissing her while we were playing with each others boobs. I'd never kissed another girl—never even thought about doing that, but the truth was the truth, and the truth was, I desperately wanted to kiss her at the time, not now, but then, while we were doing it. That acknowledgement was very difficult for me to deal with mentally.
* * *
Susan beat me home that day as well. "Did you do it? Did you deliver the picture?"
"Yes I did." She responded with a proud smile, "But after what we did after dinner, I got to thinking that the picture could have been a lot more interesting."
I let her comment pass for the most part, "Unless he's gay, the picture we took should be enough. If he is gay, there's no picture we could take that would interest him."
Susan kept her laptop open and glanced at the screen every few minutes. It was over an hour before a Yahoo chat window popped up and we heard that famous yodel. "Hi"
I was looking over Susan's shoulder when she typed back, "Hello"
"I got your picture, so I assume you've been watching me."
Susan typed, "Yes, we love watching you."
"What do you like most?" he responded.
"Seeing your big cock, and especially when you were jacking off."
"Oh, you liked that, did you?"
"Absolutely!"
"I can give you a better show than that, but that will require a better picture."
Susan and I both squealed. And then she said, "He wants a better picture."
"What does he want to see? Ask him." I demanded.
So she typed, "What kind of picture do you want?"
"You two playing with each other."
"Oh my God!" I exclaimed. "He wants us to . . ."
Susan cut me off, "Hell, if that's all he wants, we can do that."
"Ask him what more he can show us if we do the picture he wants."
She typed, "If we do that, what are you going to do for us?"
"Trust me, you won't be disappointed."
"Okay, we'll do it. But what you give us better be good."
"You give me a great picture, I'll give you a great show. That's the deal."
"Okay".
And with that, Susan signed off of Yahoo Messenger. And then she turned to me and said, "C'mon, we need to make a trip to the store."
"What for?" I asked her.
"You'll see."
* * *
I was surprised when Susan wheeled her Mustang into the Wal Mart parking lot. "Wal Mart? Seriously?" I asked her.
"They will have what we need."
"What exactly is it we need?" I asked her.
"You'll see," was her only answer.
I was surprised again when she led me straight to the kid's section. She quickly found what she was looking for, two Zorro style masks. "These will work," She told me.
We had barely gotten home when Susan ordered me, "Get naked and we'll take another picture."
After setting up her digital camera and adjusting it for distance, we put on the masks. Within seconds, we were duplicating what we'd done the night before, feeling of each others boobs. But this time, right before the camera clicked, she leaned in and kissed me right on the mouth.
Then, my roommate went and checked the camera to evaluate the picture. "We need to get closer to the camera, and this time, we need to show him our tongues touching."
"Tongues?" I questioned her incredulously.
"Oh grow up! If we're going to kiss, we might as well go all the way. It won't kill either of us. It's just for him. You can always go to a twelve-step program for homophobes tomorrow if you have to."
So after a few minutes of adjusting our position relative to the camera, we began playing with each others boobs again, and then she leaned in and kissed me. But this time, it was a more passionate kiss and involved our tongues. Just before the camera clicked, she pulled back enough to require us to both extend our tongues to play with the others.
She checked the picture again, "Nope, it's not quite right yet."
I chuckled, "You just want to kiss me again."
She smiled, "I'm not hating that part, are you?"
"No" I answered honestly, "It's not as bad as I thought it would be."
She laughed out loud, "I think it's hot as fuck. Forty or fifty more pictures should do the trick."
"Forty or fifty? You're kidding . . . aren't you?"
She showed me a sly grin, "Well, maybe just another two or three will do it."
* * *
After another two pictures, I couldn't believe what I did. Without thinking, I was so horny, I put my hand between my legs and began getting myself off. Susan just backed up and watched in awe.
I came quickly, and while I was cumming, Susan just said in a low reverent tone, "Hooooolllllyyy Ssssshhhhiiiittttt! You go girl."
When I recovered enough to speak, I was really embarrassed. "I'm so sorry. I just really, really needed that."
Her response was simply "Wow! That was awesome. I wish I could cum that quick."
Without thinking at all, I moved in and kissed her again, this time hugging her tightly. She didn't resist, but when we broke the kiss, she said, "Wow, maybe you need that twelve step program after all."
I was so embarrassed that I'd done that, I just turned and scampered off to my room. When the door was closed behind me, I leaned against it and said out loud, "Whew! What the fuck was that all about?"
* * *
At breakfast, I apologized to Susan again, but she just brushed it off with a laugh, "Hell, I'm not even a little bit sorry. I thought it was hot as fuck, and I don't have to guess how hot it made you. Shit, you came in less than a minute."
"I'm sorry. I don't know what made me do that right in front of you." I said, my face burning hot with a blush.
Her tone turned more serious. She put her hand on my arm and said, "Jan, you have nothing to apologize for . . . really. If I'd thought quickly enough, I'd have helped you by playing with your boobs or even kissing you again. But you came before my brain clicked in enough to think of it."
I finally managed a chuckle, "Trust me, I didn't need any help."
And then my roommate shocked the shit out of me by saying, "Maybe next time then."
* * *
Cock Man never crossed my mind at work that day. All I could think about was Susan's last comment. I was struggling mightily to wrap my brain around it all, and of course, evaluating my own feelings about what we'd done.
At first, it had just been some harmless touching to satisfy a curiosity we both shared. And even the kissing was okay at first, because we were just putting on a show for the camera. But getting myself off in front of her had crossed the line of being harmless. And if that wasn't bad enough, the kiss I gave her while still in the throes of my orgasm was way over that line.
The thing I was struggling with the most though, was the fact that I had really enjoyed every second of it. Even at breakfast earlier, the instant Susan said, "Maybe next time." I felt my pussy get so wet, I'd had to clean myself up and change panties before heading out to work.
I wondered how she would react if I told her. Could I? Could I be bold enough to tell her? I didn't really think she would freak totally out, but that was a possibility. Maybe I could find a way to throw out a little hint. But should I? That was the big question haunting me. Did I really want her to know? Were we heading down the path to becoming lovers? Until a few days ago, that thought would have been repulsive, but now, the idea wasn't at all displeasing to me.
I was able to duck out of work a few minutes early, so I beat Susan home. I immediately made myself a stiff Screwdriver and downed it. Finally, I got out of my work clothes and put on a pair of shorts. I was just about to pull on a t-shirt when I thought better of it. She'd told me she liked looking at my boobs, so I would stay topless and see how she reacted.
I was mixing a second Screwdriver when Susan came through the door. When she saw me, she said, "Oh, topless again. I love it." And she immediately walked over to me and gave me a sisterly kiss on the cheek. While she was doing that though, she gave my boob a quick squeeze. "Sorry, I couldn't resist."
It was moment of truth time. I looked right at her, "If I minded, I would have put on a shirt."
Susan cocked her head and then a naughty grin crossed her lips. She raised her eyebrows a couple of times playfully. Finally, she said, "Then I guess that kiss shouldn't have been on your cheek, huh?"
I showed her a smile, "You can always have a do over."
But when she moved toward me, I held up my hand, "After you get out of your work clothes."
When she turned and headed toward her bedroom, I mixed her a drink as well. My hands were visibly shaking. All it took was for me to be topless when Susan got home. I was proud of myself for thinking of it. That had put the ball in her court, and she hadn't hesitated to run with it.
It didn't surprise me when Susan came out of her bedroom topless. I was sitting in the living room area with both our drinks. I did like looking at her boobs . . . a lot. Half way to me, she stopped and did a pirouette, "You like my new outfit?"
I laughed and then said, "Yes, very much."
She sat beside me on the sofa and almost immediately started to move in for a kiss, but I stopped her. "Susan, I think we should talk first."
She nodded, "Yeah, I know. I've been thinking about it all day."
"Me too." I admitted. "I just want you to know that I'm okay with what we did yesterday . . . and where it's going."
My roommate cocked her head and showed me a wide smile. "I never thought I'd ever say this in a million years, but I'm all in."
"Everything?" I questioned her.
"Yes, everything." She said with a giggle. "You?"
I felt the tension flow out of my body, and I was finally able to breathe. "Yes, everything."
"Great, then we can learn together. Now that we have that settled, can I have my kiss now?"
"Standing up." I shot at her, "I want to feel your boobs against mine like that last kiss yesterday."
"Okay, and just so you know, it was that last kiss that did it for me. That one wasn't for the camera. You kissed me because you really wanted to."
That said, we stood up and turned to each other. We began kissing passionately and hugging our bodies tightly together for a long time. I'm sure we would have kept going like that for a lot longer if we hadn't heard the Yahoo yodel come from her laptop.
Cock Man's chat window was on the screen. Susan sat in the chair and I stood behind her. I couldn't resist leaning over so that my cheek was pressed to hers and I could reach around her and cup her amazing boobs.
Cock Man had typed, "Are you there?"
Susan typed back, "Yes. Did you like the picture?"
He responded, "It was okay, but what I've got to show you is worth a lot more than that."
"More?"
"Yes, you won't be disappointed."
Susan typed, "Anything particular you want to see?"
Cock Man typed, "Use your imagination. Bye for now." And Yahoo notified us that he had signed out.
"That was a hot picture. What the hell does he want?" I asked Susan.
"I don't know, but I don't think he's pulling our leg. For some reason, I trust him that he has something really good to show us." And then she leaned back in her chair and added with a moan, "Ummm, that feels nice."
After another minute, I released Susan's boobs and said, "Let's just have something quick for supper, and then we can take some pictures that will blow his mind."
"Oooooo, I love the sound of that." She said with a giggle, and then we both laughed.
* * *
While we were fixing turkey sandwiches, Susan said in a matter-of-fact tone, "I think we should get the pictures taken before we play."
"I take it you have some special pictures in mind."
She giggled, "I sure do, and I think we should send him several . . . just to cover all the bases."
After eating and cleaning the kitchen, Susan immediately kicked off her shorts and panties. And then she asked me, "What are you waiting for?"
A few seconds later, we were both naked, and Susan was leading me into the bathroom. "We should have a quick shower, don't you think?"
"Good idea," was my only response.
That shower took a lot longer than it should have. We couldn't stop kissing and feeling each others bodies long enough to wash. But finally, we finished up and got out, both of us giggling like school girls the whole time.
Susan positioned her digital camera on the table. For the first picture, after we put on our masks, she got on her knees and began licking and sucking my nipple that was closest to the camera. My legs almost buckled.
After two tries, she had a picture she was satisfied with, so we traded places. I was giddy all over buy the time I finally started licking and sucking her taut nipple. I didn't mind at all that it took four tries to get a good picture of that.
"What's next?" I asked her.
She grabbed up the camera and then headed for her bedroom, urging me to follow her. She had me lay on my back on her bed with my knees pulled up and spread. After taking a picture of me from enough distance to show my splayed pussy, boobs and head, she handed me the camera.
I knew what was coming, and I so wanted it. She wasted no time crawling between my legs. My roommate immediately began licking my pussy. I clicked picture after picture.
At one point, she giggled and exclaimed, "Damn, girl. You're soaking wet." And then she put her mouth on me and began licking and sucking my clit. It was difficult to concentrate on taking pictures, but I managed. Finally, she said, "That should be enough pictures of that. Trade places with me."
I really hated that she'd stopped. Another few seconds and I'm sure I would have cum. She must have sensed my disappointment, "Don't worry, sweetie, we'll have plenty of time to do that for real later."
After taking a distant picture, I handed her the camera and took my position between her legs. She shuddered noticeably when my tongue first touched her neatly trimmed pussy. I amazed myself by how much I enjoyed licking her. I don't know what I expected it to be like, but I really got into it. "Are you taking pictures?"
"Yes." She answered in a strained voice.
I giggled, "It's not easy, is it?"
In that same strained voice, she said, "No it's not easy at all. Are you sure you haven't done that before?"
Instead of answering, I clamped my mouth over her clit and sucked it into my mouth, flicking it with my tongue. A few seconds later, she practically screamed, "Okay, stop already. We have more work to do."
I gave her clit another few flicks for good luck before getting up.
Lastly, Susan placed the camera on her dresser, and we got in a sixty nine with her on top. I was disappointed that it only took two tries to get a satisfactory picture.
We were both giddy as we returned to the dining room to select and print the pictures. I told her, "God, girl, that was so hot. We should have done that a long time ago."
Susan turned and looked right at me, "We weren't ready before."
"I know, but still . . . whew!"
She just laughed.
* * *
We didn't fold the pictures this time. There were too many of them to fit in a regular envelope. Instead, we slid them into a large envelope, and we agreed that Susan shouldn't take them to work with her, just in case. She would have to hurry home to retrieve it before heading over to Cock Man's building.
When we were done, I thought we'd head straight back to Susan's bed to finish what we'd started, but she had other ideas. It was still early, and she wanted to take some time to savor what was to come. She headed to the bathroom to fill the garden tub while I made us each a fresh drink.
We did a lot of kissing and fondling each other while we were waiting on the tub to fill, which definitely wasn't helping my sense of urgency. We'd already had a shower, so there was no reason to take a bath other than to kill time and, in her words, "Ride the sexual tension as long as we could."
Fortunately, the water outlet was on the wall side of the tub, so we could comfortably sit facing each other. We sat there, sipping our drinks, and grinning at each other for a long while. And then Susan pulled my foot over and placed it squarely on her pussy. I did the same with her foot, pressing it tightly to my needy pussy.
"Ummm, that's nice." I moaned.
She just smiled and took another sip of her drink. And then she asked, "We're going to have a lot of fun, aren't we?"
"There's no doubt about that," I assured her. "I still can't believe we've come so far so fast."
She giggled, "Zero to a hundred in nothing flat."
During our time in the garden tub, just enjoying the bubbles and each others company, with the sexual tension so thick you could cut it with a knife, Cock Man never came up. We both knew however, we had him to thank for our relationship progressing to where it was.
* * *
My heart was racing as we entered Susan's bedroom. She had already turned the heat up in the apartment before we got into the bath, so it was comfortably warm.
Before getting on the bed, we hugged and kissed passionately for a long time, our hands running over each others bodies. I especially loved the feeling of Susan's firm boobs pressing into mine.
When we broke one of our kisses for a few seconds, she looked at me with pure lust in her eyes, "If it's okay, I want to make love to you first."
"Anything you want." I told her.
We lay on the bed facing each other and continued kissing. I resisted the urge to fondle her, opting instead to respect her wishes and let her run her hands all over my body.
After urging me onto my back, she came close to touching my pussy many times, but she avoided it altogether. It wasn't long before my needy pussy was begging to be touched, my clit throbbing, but I didn't say anything. I wanted to let her have her fun and do things in her own time. I had accepted the role of just being there for her to do with as she pleased. My turn would come soon enough.
I loved the way she moved her hands and lips over me. It was indescribably different than my limited experiences with men, who were always too anxious to get down to serious business. And it was tender. There was nothing rough about her touches. Even when she licked and sucked my nipples, she did it very tenderly.
Finally, she whispered to me, "Open your eyes and look at me. I want to see your eyes now."
When I'd followed her instructions, she moved her hand between my legs. I spread them wider for her. Still tenderly, she began running her fingers over my lips, but she avoided my needy clit. All the while, she was staring at my eyes. She seemed to be watching me for any reaction her touches might cause.
When she finally slid her finger between my lips, she smiled and whispered, "You're very wet."
I didn't answer. I only smiled at her, but I thought to myself, "Wet is an understatement." I was gushing.
And then she surprised me by cooing, "I'm going to love tasting your wonderful juices. Now that I know how sweet it is, I want to have my mouth on you when you cum. I want to feel your slick cum on my tongue."
Shit, I almost came just from hearing her say that. She must have noticed, because she grinned and said, "Oh, you like hearing what I'm going to do to you and how much I'm going to enjoy it, don't you?"
"Yes" I said in a raspy voice.
So she continued in a sexy voice, "Earlier, when I was going down on you, I didn't want to stop." She slid one finger into me easily and then withdrew it and let me watch her lick my juices from it. "I love your pussy and the taste of your juice. I never thought I would, but I do. I thought it would be like a chore—like it was just something I needed to do, but that wasn't the case at all. I really, really, really loved doing it."
I couldn't help myself. I reached up and pulled her mouth to mine and kissed her passionately. I could taste my juice on her tongue, and I loved it. While we were kissing, she eased two fingers into me and began gently massaging my G Spot. No man had ever done that, and it drove me absolutely wild.
"Oh, you like that, don't you?"
I could only nod, but that didn't satisfy her, "Tell me. Tell me how much you like it." She ordered.
"I . . . love that. It feels wonderful." I managed to force out in a raspy, strained voice.
"Good girl. I'm going to try to figure out how to do that while I'm sucking on your clit and licking it. Would you like that?"
"Yes. God yes!" I almost shouted. And then I felt my orgasm building to the point of exploding. "I'm . . . close."
"It's okay, Jan. You can cum. I want you to cum for me. I want your pussy to be full of cum when I stick my tongue inside you. I want to taste your slick cum."
That did it. My body stiffened and then I felt the warm flood of my orgasm ripple over my body.
"That's a good girl." Susan cooed. "Cum for me, baby. Don't rush it. Just relax and let it happen."
Even after Susan removed her fingers, it took me a couple of minutes to get myself back under control.
I hadn't realized that my eyes were closed, but Susan didn't bitch at me for that. I think she knew I couldn't have kept them open if I'd wanted to. When I opened them, I saw her smiling at me, and then she gave me another passionate kiss.
"Do you want to continue, or do you need a break?"
"A break, yes. That would be wonderful."
Her mood lightened instantly. She jumped off the bed, "A drink then." And she ran out of the room. Laying there by myself, all I could think about was how nice the last few minutes had been. I'd never experienced anything like that in my life, and I'd loved every second of it.
* * *
When my new lover returned, she handed me a fresh drink, "It's a light one." She told me. "We'd better go easy. It's going to be a long night."
"God yes, a very long night." I said with a naughty grin.
While we were sipping our drinks, she trailed her fingers lightly over my body. "I love your body. It's so trim and sexy, and I really, really love your boobs. I know you like mine too, but yours are different. They're soft and sexy, and they feel wonderful. To me, mine are too firm. I know they look great under a shirt, but they are too firm to feel the way I can feel yours."
"Don't be so self-deprecating." I scolded her. "I would trade with you in a heartbeat."
"That's easy to say, but you'd get tired of them before long. I do love the attention they get, but for touching, yours are better."
All the while, she was kneading my boob and tracing her fingers over it. Her touch was like fire on my flesh. I'd never felt anything so erotic in my life. "I love you touching them. You don't do that like any man ever has. It feels wonderful."
She giggled, "So now we both know why so many women are gay or at least bisexual."
"Which do you think we are?" I asked her, already knowing the answer.
"I could be gay . . . if you grow a cock." And she laughed out loud.
"Yeah, I feel the same way. So I guess that means we're new bisexuals, huh?"
"Oh God! Do we have to have a label? Can't we just enjoy each other without all that shit?"
I reached up and pulled her mouth to mine, and just before our lips met, I whispered, "Yes."
* * *
We'd only finished half our drinks when Susan took my glass from me and sat both glasses on her bedside table. "Are you warm enough?"
"God yes! I'm on fire. Your touch . . . I can't explain how hot that's making me."
Susan straddled me and stared down into my eyes. "I want to eat your pussy now and taste your cum. I hope I can make you cum again for me."
I half chuckled, "I don't think that's going to be a problem."
She showed me a wide grin and then began kissing and licking her way down my body. When she was almost to my pussy, I pulled up my feet and spread my knees. Susan moved around between them and slid her hands around my thighs.
Seconds later, I felt her tongue moving very lightly over my lips. When I felt my body shudder, I half screamed "Now! Do it now."
Immediately, my roommate and new lover spread my lips with her fingers and dove her tongue inside me. "Ummmmm" She mumbled without backing off, "Ummmmm".
My hips were bucking up, crushing my pussy into her mouth. I couldn't resist reaching down and pulling her mouth up to my clit. She seemed to instinctively know what I needed, so she immediately sucked my clit between her lips and began flicking her tongue over it.
"Oh God! Wow! Yes, do that! Fuck yes! I love you!"
When my thighs began quaking and shaking and my hips started bucking up to her mouth, she held on for dear life, but she never let my clit slip from between her lips.
"Hoooooolllllyyyyy ssssshhhhhiiiitttt" I screamed out, even before my orgasm started. "Too good . . . too good . . . too fucking good!" I panted over and over. A few seconds later, I half shouted, "Now! Fuck me now! Your tongue . . . my cum. Do it now!" And then I lost control altogether as my orgasm hit its peak.
When I began settling down a bit, I opened my eyes, only to see Susan grinning down at me. "That was incredible." She said, her grin widening and her eyes beaming.
"Whew! You're telling me. That was awesome. I haven't cum that hard in my life."
"Want a taste?" She asked me.
"Yes." I said in a still strained voice.
So she moved back down and stuck her tongue deep inside my pussy, and then she moved back up quickly and kissed me, sticking her tongue into my mouth.
"Ummmm." I moaned into her mouth as she shared my slick cum with me.
And then, without me asking, she moved back down and collected some more of my abundant cum and shared it with me again. I found it to be so erotic, I didn't want her to stop . . . ever.
* * *
After a few more sips of our drinks, and despite the fact that I was exhausted from back to back powerful orgasms, I told her "It's my turn."
My new lover placed her hand on my cheek and smiled at me, "No, sweetie. We both need some rest now. We still have to work tomorrow. I'd rather wait. You can take your turn tomorrow. Let's get some sleep now."
I considered her words, and then said, "Okay, if that's what you want, but I won't be able to go to sleep for a while. If we're going to try to sleep, can I have a stronger drink now?"
She giggled, "Of course."
I slept in Susan's bed that night, spooned up against her, my arm draped over her and with one of her awesome boobs in my hand. My pussy was still tingling from the two wonderful orgasms she'd given me, and now, it was snuggled up against her toned butt. My last thought before going to sleep was "Life is wonderful."
* * *
The next morning, and only after we'd both brushed our teeth, we showered together once more. And, just as we'd done the first time, we spent more time hugging and kissing than washing.
During breakfast, Susan was very blunt, which I loved, "Tonight, young lady, you're going to eat my pussy until I tell you to stop, so you'd better do some tongue exercises today."
I played coy, "Oh? Why ever would I do something like that?"
She just shot me a look that told me not to push my luck.
* * *
I was a bit late getting home, and Susan was already online with Cock Man. She was topless once again. "He loved the pictures. We have a date to watch him at eight tonight."
Fortunately, I'd already bought another set of binoculars during my lunch hour while Susan was delivering the new pictures. While she was talking, I was taking off my work clothes.
The instant she signed off of Yahoo, she stood up and pulled me to her. She took a handful of my hair and crushed my lips to hers. Less than a second later, our tongues were dancing, and her firm boobs were smashed into mine.
"Whew!" I said when we finally broke that kiss. "Welcome home, lover." I said with a giggle.
She smiled at me, "I've been wanting to do that all day."
"Oh, you found time in your busy day to think about me?"
"Careful" she warned me, "Or I may have to turn you over my knee and spank your ass till it's red."
"Yeah? Promises, promises, promises." I chided her, and then kissed her again.
Later, while we were fixing supper, I told her, "Don't get me wrong. I really love my job, but coming home has definitely gotten a lot more interesting. The closer I get to home, the wetter I get."
"Are you wet now?" She asked me as she sliced the tomatoes for our sandwiches.
"Yes, ma'am" I answered honestly.
Susan immediately put her knife down and came over to me. She grabbed my shoulders and turned me to her. A second later, she had unsnapped and unzipped my shorts and shoved her hand inside. She worked two fingers inside me. "You're right. You are wet." And then she kissed me and worked those two fingers between our lips so we could both taste my juices.
When we broke that kiss, I scolder her, "You could at least let me wash up before you do that."
She gave me a playful slap on my ass, "I love it regardless. Tell me you don't."
"No, I do, I'm just saying."
"Then shut the fuck up." And she swatted my ass again, this time much harder.
* * *
Eight o'clock was growing near. Susan and I had already spent over thirty minutes soaking in the garden tub, and we were both on the balcony totally naked under our robes. While we were waiting on something to happen, I was casually playing with her boobs.
She looked over at me, "Having fun?"
"Yes" I answered honestly. I couldn't get enough of feeling of her awesome boobs.
"You're so gay." She chided me.
"Like you're not." I shot back at her.
"God!" She said with a giggle, "Can you imagine what people would think if they could hear us?"
"I can hear you." A female voice said from above us.
Susan and I looked at each other with wide eyed expressions. Both of us shot our hands to our mouths.
And then the female voice said, "Don't worry girls. Your secret is safe with me. I had a little experience with that myself in college, and I miss it. Of course, my husband doesn't know about that. If he did, he'd be pestering the crap out of me to do a threesome." And she laughed out loud. And then she asked, "Do you think we're going to get a show tonight?"
Susan shocked me by telling her, "Another five minutes or so. We've been chatting with him online, and he promised us the best show ever tonight. We've named him Cock Man."
The woman laughed out loud for a long while and then said, "I'm sure you have a better view than me. I'm a little too high."
Susan shocked me again by saying, "Hell, come on down. We'll get you a chair."
"Seriously?" She queried.
"Absolutely. You seem like our kind of people, but you'd better hurry."
I just sat there dumbfounded. I couldn't believe Susan had invited a total stranger over to watch the show with us.
Less than two minutes later, there was a knock on our door. Susan went to let the lady in. A few seconds later, they were pulling one of the dining room chairs out onto the balcony. Susan made the introductions, "Jan, this is Sandy, Sandy, Jan."
I stood and shook the woman's hand. She was probably in her early forties, very classy looking. And here Susan and I were just in our robes with nothing underneath.
"Sorry," Susan apologized. "We just got out of the bath."
"Together?" Sandy asked with a raise of her eyebrow.
I was totally freaked, but Susan seemed perfectly comfortable talking about our new relationship. "Yes. We love sharing a nice bubble bath."
"Awesome." Sandy said. "I never got to do that. I can imagine it's very erotic."
"Totally." Susan responded.
During the whole conversation, I was dying inside.
And then, Sandy asked, "So, what does 'Cock Man' have in store for us tonight?"
"We don't know." Susan answered. "We just know it's supposed to be something special."
And then Sandy spotted our binoculars, "Oh wow! Binoculars! I don't know why I've never thought of buying some."
I finally spoke up, "How long has he been doing this?"
"I've lived here three years, and he's been doing it at least that long."
"So" I asked a follow up, "Do you have any idea what he thinks is so special he's been teasing us with it for days?"
She shook her head. "No, I don't have a clue." She said, "He just walks around naked mostly, and sometimes beats off on his bed. That's about it, but still, I love watching him. Of course, I've never had the view you do. This is awesome."
"You're welcome anytime." Susan offered.
And then Sandy said, "Whoops, there he is."
We all looked over the wooden wall, and sure enough, his lights had just come on.
While we were waiting on him to do something special, Sandy said, "Before I spoke up and invaded your privacy, you two were playing with the each other. Please, don't let me inhibit your fun. Honestly, I've been there, done that. I won't watch, and I won't think anything about it."
Perhaps it was the two Screwdrivers I'd already had, but I surprised myself by making a bold move. I pulled Susan's robe aside and said, "Could you keep your hands off those if you were me?"
Instinctively, Susan slapped my hand away and covered herself. But then Sandy said, "I get your point, and no I definitely couldn't . . . if I were you."
Cock Man wasn't doing anything special yet, so Susan let out a long sigh and pulled both sides of her robe open, "There, satisfied?"
I started laughing, and Sandy just said in an awed tone, "Awesome. Thank you for showing me."
Susan confided in her, "We're very new to all of this. Neither of us has done anything with another girl until a few days ago."
Sandy raised an eyebrow, "Really? It's very special, isn't it?"
"That's an understatement." I piped in.
Sandy put her hand on my knee, "I'm very happy for both of you . . . and more than a little jealous."
And then Susan announced, "He's headed to his bedroom." So we took up our binoculars and watched him.
No more than a minute later, he was working his huge cock to full erection. First Susan and then I shared our binoculars with Sandy. "Oh wow!" She kept saying as she enjoyed the close up view. "It's even bigger than I thought."
When his cock was as big as it could get, he bowed his head and, without much noticeable effort, took several inches of it into his mouth. "Oh my God!" The three of us said in unison. "No he isn't!" Susan exclaimed.
Both of his hands were stroking his cock into his mouth. "Please?" Sandy begged, so I passed my binoculars to her. "Holy fuck!" She exclaimed upon getting a close up view of what he was doing. "I've never . . ."
Cock Man kept doing that for over ten minutes. Susan and I took turns sharing our binoculars with Sandy. Fortunately, I had mine to my eyes when he removed his mouth and the first spurt of cum flew out of his cock.
After two more spurts flew out, he put his mouth back over his cock. We'd seen how much cum he produced, so we knew how much he was swallowing. You could have heard a pin drop on our balcony.
When he was finished and his cock was shrinking up, he turned on his bathroom light, turned off his bedroom light, and disappeared from our view.
Finally, Sandy said, "Where did you get those binoculars? I will buy some tomorrow."
Susan and I both laughed.
* * *
After thanking us for the twentieth time for letting her share our view and sharing our binoculars, Sandy headed to the front door, "You two enjoy your night."
Susan shocked me by saying, "Oh, I'm going to. Tonight it's her turn to do me."
We could still hear Sandy laughing all the way to the elevator.
I scolded Susan with my expression, "You like flaunting what we have, don't you?"
"I really do." She admitted.
"Okay then. I'll keep that in mind."
* * *
Susan and I were both still buzzing from the show Cock Man had put on for us, so we went straight to her bedroom. After kissing passionately for a long time and moving our naked bodies together, I gestured her to the bed.
I spent a long time kissing and feeling her all over, and then I moved between her legs. I kissed her beautiful pussy for a while before I began licking it. Soon though, I was running my tongue between her lips and around her clit. I was rewarded with a moan from her.
I alternated between pushing my tongue inside her and sucking her clit between my lips and flicking it with my tongue. She moaned her approval several times, but it took me a very long time to get her hot enough to thrust her hips up, smashing her pussy into my mouth.
Finally, I kept sucking on her clit while I eased two fingers inside her and found her G Spot. I hadn't been doing that very long when she screamed out "God!" so loud I hoped the neighbors wouldn't call security.
And then Susan started panting, "Don't stop! Don't stop! Don't stop! Oh God! Don't stop!"
Just as she started cumming, she reached down and pushed my head away, but she grabbed my wrist and began frantically fucking herself with my fingers.
Finally, she pulled my fingers out of her pussy and started panting, "Whew, whew, whew" with every strained breath.
After another few seconds, she said, "Come here."
I shook my head. "There's something I want to do first." And I lowered my head and stuck my tongue inside her as far as I could. I could feel her slick cum, and I lapped it up as fast as I could.
When I was convinced there was no more to be had, I moved up the bed and kissed Susan passionately.
When we broke that kiss, she smiled at me and said, "That was a first. I've never cum from oral before."
That made me feel very proud, so I said 'thank you' by kissing her again.
* * *
Susan and I had blown off our workouts that week, so we decided we'd better hit the gym after work on Friday. We put on our workout clothes and headed downstairs.
When the elevator door opened, Sandy was inside. After exchanging polite hugs and greetings, she told us with a smile, "I bought some binoculars today."
Susan and I both giggled, and Susan told her, "You're welcome to use our balcony any time."
"Oh my God! That is too sweet of you, really." She said, putting her hand on Susan's arm. "Are you going to be home tonight, or do you have plans to go out?"
"Nope, no plans", I told her. "You're more than welcome to come over . . . or down, as the case may be."
Sandy looked at Susan and said in a joking tone, "I don't have to ask if you enjoyed yourself last night after I left."
"Oh my God!" Susan exclaimed, throwing both hands to her chest. "Was I that loud?"
"Yes you were." I answered for Sandy. And then both Sandy and I started laughing.
Susan just rolled her eyes, "Ha, ha, very funny."
* * *
After a shower and a light supper, Susan and I spread a blanket over the sofa and began watching some TV. We hadn't bothered getting dressed after our shower, so we just lay on the sofa naked and spooned.
It was just before eight o'clock when there was a knock on the door. Even though I knew it was just Sandy, I still freaked, "Oh my God, hurry and grab our robes.
When Susan got up, she looked down at me with a scolding expression, "Oh chill. It's just Sandy, for Christ's sake. I'm sure she's seen naked women before." And then she walked to the door and glanced through the peep hole. She stayed behind the door as she opened it, but that did nothing to hide me.
"When Sandy stepped in and saw that we were both totally naked, she asked, "I'm sorry, did I interrupt something? I can come back another time."
Susan responded, "Nah, we're just watching TV. I hope you don't mind if we stay . . . comfortable."
"Mind? No, not at all." Sandy said. I wish I could run around my apartment naked, but my husband is always popping in at all hours without warning. And more often than not, he has one or more of his friends with him. If I had my druthers, I'd never wear clothes."
And then she opened the bag in her hand and pulled out a bottle of Vodka and a large bottle of orange juice. "I noticed you two were drinking Screwdrivers last night."
"Sweet. Thank you very much." I piped in.
"We could use one right now." Susan told her. "Will you join us?"
I couldn't believe how comfortable Susan seemed to be standing there totally naked while chatting with a woman we'd just met the night before.
"I'd love one." Sandy answered.
And then Susan shocked me even more by saying, "Sandy, your husband won't be showing up here with his friends."
"Really? You wouldn't mind?" Sandy questioned Susan, and then she looked over at me and showed me a questioning expression.
Susan said, "Really. Feel free to get comfortable."
I looked at her and answered her query, "Make yourself at home." Even though I couldn't believe what Susan and I were saying.
Sandy responded, "You two are too sweet, really. But if you're sure you don't mind, I'd love to. The only time I get to be naked is when my husband is off on business trips, and that's not very often." And with that, she began undressing while Susan fixed drinks for the three of us. "Do you have a towel for me to sit on?"
"Sure." I said as I got up off the sofa and headed to the hall closet. When I returned with a towel, I was amazed at how beautiful Sandy's body was. She was tall and slender, very toned, tan all over—no tan lines, and she had boobs that would rival Susan's. She also had a full bush of black pubic hair. She looked really great for a forty something woman.
Sandy must have seen me staring at her body, she held out her arms and did a pirouette, "Not bad for an old lady, huh?"
"I'll say!" Susan said as she was carrying in our drinks.
"I second what she said."
"James makes enough that I don't have to work anymore, so I work out three mornings a week, and tan twice a week. Of course, I'd prefer to maintain my tan by being out in the sun instead of a tanning booth."
She spread the towel on the stuffed chair and sat down. Susan and I sat on the sofa and clicked off the TV. Susan wasted no time getting personal, "So, you said you've done the girl/girl thing before. Was it a regular thing?"
Sandy took a big swig of her Screwdriver and looked right at us, "Well, if you really want to know, I had several female lovers off and on all through college. Like I told you last night, I miss it, and I'm very jealous of you two."
"I never would have dreamed I'd ever do anything like what Susan and I have been doing these last few days. It's wonderful though."
Sandy looked at me, "If you don't mind me asking, how did it start?"
Susan spoke up, "Cock Man. We were baiting him into chatting online by sending him some racy pictures, and we just got carried away."
Sandy laughed out loud, "Yep, that'll do it every time. I was hooked the first time I kissed a girl during a game of Truth Or Dare."
Susan acted like we'd known Sandy all our lives. Nothing was off limits to her. "You don't ever shave your pussy?"
"God! I'd love to, but James likes it this way. He's weird that way . . . very old school. Before I met him, I stayed totally shaved—not just trimmed like the two of you."
Susan let out a fake gasp, "You looked at our pussies? You naughty girl!"
Sandy and I both laughed, and then Sandy said, "Well, it wasn't much of a look. I forced myself not to stare. You are both very sexy."
"You can look as much as you want. We won't mind, will we, Jan?"
What could I say but, "Of course we won't. If we did, we would have put something on when you got here."
Susan called me out, "She wanted to, but I wouldn't let her."
"I'm glad" Sandy said with a playful raise of her eyebrows.
Susan shocked me even more than she had previously when she said, "Maybe down the road, after the new wears off for us, we might invite you to join us. Would you like that?"
Sandy's eyes shot open, as did mine. "Would I like . . . that would be wonderful, but if you two are anything like I was with my girlfriends, the new isn't going to be wearing off anytime soon—years even."
Whew! I thought to myself.
Susan responded with, "God! I hope you're right about that, cause it's hot as fuck right now."
"I need another drink." I told them. They both drained the remainder of their drinks, so I collected their glasses and headed to the kitchen.
"You know," Sandy said, "I wasn't going to say anything, but there is another friend of mine in the building who has to keep her nudist tendencies hidden. She has two kids, but she manages to slip over to my place sometimes when James is out of town—and no, we're not lovers. She's very straight."
"What would she think about me and Jan?" Susan asked her. "We aren't going to hide our relationship."
"She wouldn't think anything about it. She's not a prude or naïve. She's just straight. She knows all about my past, and I've heard about every boy and man she has fucked. She was pretty wild in college too. She's a very fit and sexy thirty-three."
I knew what Susan was about to say, so as I was walking back to them with fresh drinks, I beat her to it. "You should invite her over. The more the merrier."
Susan shot me astonished look, and then she showed me a smile that told me she was proud of me for being so bold.
"She'd love that." Sandy said. "Should I call her now and see if she can slip out for a few minutes.
"Please do." Susan said.
So Sandy got up and went to the table for her cell phone. "Is your mom home?" She asked whoever answered the phone, obviously one of her kids. "Bren, can you slip out for a few minutes. I've made some new friends that share our enjoyment . . . attire wise." After a pause, she said, "No, no, it's two young ladies. You'll love them." Another pause. "The apartment right below mine. We're just having drinks and chatting." Pause. "Okay, great. We'll be expecting you."
And then Sandy turned to us, "She'll be here in five minutes. Her name is Brenda, but everyone calls her Bren. She's a sweetie."
When we heard a knock on the door, I spoke up, "I'll get it." I was trying hard to get over being so shy, and the drinks were helping. I peeked through the spy hole and then opened the door enough for Bren to come in. "Hi, Bren. I'm Jan. That's Susan on the sofa, and you already know Sandy. Would you like a Screwdriver?"
"I'd love one." She said, already undressing. And then she turned to Sandy and said, "You said they were young ladies and that I'd love them, but you didn't tell me they were centerfolds."
When she was totally naked, Bren walked over to the middle of the living room area. She held out her arms and looked up at the ceiling while turning around. "Get the looking over with so I can relax." She said with a giggle.
Susan, Sandy and I all laughed, and then Susan said in an appreciative tone, "Very, very nice."
I agreed wholeheartedly. Bren had shoulder-length blond hair. She was about five foot seven or so, and like the other three of us, she was very trim and fit. Her boobs were more like mine—not as big or as firm as Susan's. And her pussy was totally shaven. I loved that look. And her tan was even better than Sandy's, also with no tan lines.
I handed her the drink I'd just made, and then headed off to get her a towel. When I returned, I spread it on the stuffed chair opposite where Sandy was sitting, and then returned to my place beside Susan.
"Bren, just so you know, Susan and Jan are new lovers. Neither of them had been with another girl until a few days ago, and now they are very happy they made that leap."
Bren looked at me and Susan, her face beaming, "That's wonderful. I'm very happy for you."
Sandy spoke up again, "They were a little concerned . . . you being straight and all."
"I hope she set you straight on that." Bren said to us.
"She did." I said. "We're still trying to get used to it ourselves."
"Did she tell you we've been getting naked together for over a year?"
"She didn't say how long, just that you go to her place when her husband is out of town. How did the two of you find out each other liked being naked?" Susan asked Bren.
"I got a job at the tanning salon Sandy goes to, and she wasn't shy about walking around naked in the back, even when there were men back there. That kinda got us talking about it. I knew from her membership card that we live in the same building, and the rest is history. So how did you find out about Sandy or vise versa."
Sandy spoke up, "Cock Man. That's what they call the guy across the alley. I heard them talking on their balcony below mine, and we got to talking. Their view of his place is a lot better than mine, so they invited me down. And they have binoculars." She said with a chuckle.
I added, "Sandy didn't know about the naked part until she came over to watch Cock Man from our balcony tonight. When she found us naked, she joined us."
"My God! Bren," Sandy exclaimed. "You won't believe what he did last night. He actually sucked his own cock and swallowed most of his own cum."
"No way!" Bren gasped, "I mean, we knew he could lick the head, but he can actually suck it, really?"
"Yep," Susan said, "And it didn't even look like it was that difficult for him. He got several inches of that monster in his mouth."
"Holy shit!" Bren said with another gasp. "I'd pay good money to see that."
"The girls can probably arrange that." Sandy told her. "They've been chatting with him online."
"That's too cool." Bren said.
Bren finished her drink. I offered to fix her another one, but she said she would do it. That didn't piss me off. It was another opportunity to stare at her sexy body. God! I thought to myself, I must be turning gay for real.
"I wish we could be doing this outside." Sandy told us. "But the upper floors of the building can see into the balcony, and they would know which apartment we're in."
"Yeah, Susan said. That wouldn't be a good thing. No telling who would come knocking on our door."
Bren spoke up, "We need to put our heads together and find a place to go naked outside without getting arrested or raped."
"That's a wonderful idea." I put in my two cents. "That would be so cool."
"I second that." Susan agreed, and then Sandy made it unanimous.
Bren then said, "I know there's a nudist camp somewhere north of town. I think it's up I35 somewhere. At the first of nude season, several people come in the tanning salon to get a base so they don't have to worry about burning at the nudist camp."
"We should do that, Jan. A tan wouldn't hurt either one of us."
Bren told us, "We have really great rates this time of year. It's our slowest part of the year, and I can get you some coupons and discounts on top of that."
"Count me in." I said.
"I'm the only one here who doesn't work, so I'll research that nudist camp and see what I can find out." And then she almost shouted, "Oh, I forgot." And she jumped to her feet and hurried to the dining room table. She pulled a pair of binoculars out of her bag. "I bought these this morning. I was hoping I could leave them here with you so I don't have to explain to James why I have them."
On her way to and from her chair, I found myself staring at her boobs and her toned ass. I didn't like her bushy pubes though, and I couldn't imagine going down on a woman who had a bush like that. I mentally scolded myself and tried to shake off the feeling that I was really turning gay.
Way too soon to suit me, both Sandy and Bren said they needed to get home before their husbands started looking for them. Sandy stopped in the middle of the living room area and stretched out her arms to me and Susan. "C'mon, girls, give us a hug so we can get dressed."
Susan stepped up to her first and leaned way in for a hug. Both Sandy and Bren laughed, and Bren said, "Hon, if you're going to be a nudist, you'll have to get used to naked hugging with both men and women. Now don't be shy, get in there and give her a proper hug, and then me."
Susan did just that. She gave first Sandy and then Bren a full body hug each, and not a quick one either. I was next, so I took a deep breath and then hugged Sandy for several seconds. Like when hugging Susan, I loved the feel of her larger boobs smashing against mine. Then I did the same to Bren. Hers felt different, but still very erotic.
Finally, Sandy and Bren hugged tightly for a very long time and exchanged sisterly kisses. Two minutes later, they were dressed and gone.
"That was fun." I told Susan.
She laughed and said, "Fun, yes, and hot as fuck too. I'm drenching wet. I need your fingers in me like right now."
* * *
Saturday morning, we spent some time working up a menu for the week, and then we went shopping. I dressed more conservatively this time, and I felt much more comfortable in the grocery store.
After putting our groceries away and having a wonderful taco salad for lunch, we decided to head over to the lake to walk and enjoy getting some sun. This time, however, we put on bikinis under our shorts and t-shirts, and we took beach towels so we could lie out on the grassy area on one side of the lake. We also took a small ice chest filled with bottled water and Gatorade.
After two brisk trips around the lake, we got the towels and ice chest out of Susan's Mustang and found a nice place to lie out in the sun and get started on our tans.
We laid out the two large towels and then stripped down to our bikinis. We were both lying on our stomachs, our heads turned facing each other, Susan showed me a naughty grin. At the same time, she reached back and untied her bikini top.
"No you're not." I half-scolded, half-giggled.
"Go ahead. I dare you." She challenged me, so I did the same.
"Jan, just because we have it for each other, doesn't mean we can't still enjoy teasing men. We're not lesbians, you know."
I considered her words, and then I said to her in a low, serious tone, "I'm not so sure about me anymore. I haven't thought about being with a man since we started fooling around."
She chuckled, "We're still new to all this. We'll probably both be back to dreaming about men fucking us before long."
"I'm not so sure." I told her in that same serious tone. "Yesterday, when Sandy and Bren were at out apartment, I couldn't help but thinking certain thoughts about them."
"Sexual thoughts?"
I could feel a blush flow over my face, "Yes."
Susan shocked me by showing me a wide smile. "You're not the only one. I was mentally fucking both of them the whole time they were there. That's why I was so hot by the time they left. But that doesn't mean I wouldn't still enjoy having a good romp with a man, if he was any good."
"Yeah, I guess you're right." I agreed. "I just haven't been able to think about that at all lately."
"Hi there, ladies. Mind if we join you? We have beer."
I looked around enough to see a fairly good looking, dark haired young man standing just behind us. His lanky friend, with curly red hair, was standing a few feet behind him, apparently content to let his better looking and bolder friend hit on us.
I was just about to tell them we are lesbians, but Susan beat me by asking him, "What kind of beer?"
"Bud Lite" He answered with a chuckle.
"Okay" She told them, "Cop a squat."
The better looking of the two boys sat down cross legged in front of us. I assumed he chose his position carefully. He would have a view of our boobs if we rose up at all to take a drink of beer. Susan showed me a grin and wink, letting me know she picked up on that too.
His buddy scampered off to retrieve their ice chest, and the small talk began. I let Susan take the lead, since she'd been the one who invited them to sit down. I closed my eyes and stayed quiet, pretending to be asleep. Given our earlier conversation, I hoped she wasn't going to hook us up with them just to prove we're not lesbians.
When Red returned, Burt retrieved four beers from the larger ice chest. He popped the top on one and handed it to Susan. I almost fainted when she turned onto her side, propping herself up on one elbow, and took a long drink from the can. Her awesome boobs were on full display to these two young men that we'd just met.
When he popped the top on a second beer and offered it to me, I was at a loss as to what to do. There was no way I could drink it while hugging the ground with my boobs. I looked over at Susan, but she was just laying there with a daring eyebrow raised to me.
Finally, I took a deep breath and rolled onto my side, propping myself up on an elbow facing her. I shot her a sarcastic "Satisfied?" look.
Burt and Red, were a little tongue tied through another ten minutes of small talk. Susan soon announced, "Nature calls, guys. Jan, will you do the honors?" She asked me as she sat up and pulled her bikini top into place.
After I fastened it for her, she asked, "You're coming with me, aren't you?"
"Sure." I answered, and sat up. After she hooked my bikini top, she told the guys, "We won't be long." And we headed off down the path.
The minute I knew we were out of earshot, I intentionally bumped into her, "What the fuck was that all about?"
"Oh chill. I was just having a little fun. It's safe enough. There are too many people around for them to rape us."
"Okay, but just so you know, I'm not fucking either one of them."
Susan squealed, "Me either. We are making their day though. Just roll with it."
"I'll try." I said honestly.
On our walk back from the restrooms, and just before we got back into earshot, Susan told me in a low voice, "When we get back, take your top off before you sit down. Let's give them a good show."
I giggled, "You know, they'll be hobbling off on three legs."
"Of course. Isn't that the whole point?" She asked me with a wild giggle.
"They aren't the only ones who can see us, Susan." I said seriously.
"Just tune everyone else out and concentrate on these two. Have some fun with it. God gave us these bodies for a reason."
Sure enough, we were still several steps away from our towels when Susan reached behind her back and unhooked her bikini top. Reluctantly, I followed suit.
"Okay, I'm ready for another beer," Susan told them as she sat cross legged on her towel facing them.
Again, I mimicked her actions. I was somewhat relieved that our backs were to the walking path, so the people there didn't have a clear view of us.
After another twenty minutes of small talk and the guys gawking at our boobs, Susan announced to them, "Well, we need to get going. We may be going out tonight, but we're not sure when or where. If you give us your numbers, we'll send you a text."
Of course, none of the four of us had a pen and paper, so Red jumped to his feet and ran toward the parking lot. He had a very impressive bulge in the front of his shorts. He was back in one minute flat with a pen and small notebook. They wrote their numbers on a page, and then tried to hand Susan the pen for ours.
She chuckled, "C'mon, guys. You're not in high school any more. You should know how the game is played by now. We'll call you."
* * *
"Oh my fucking god!" I squealed when we were back in Susan's Mustang and wheeling out of the parking lot. "I can't believe we just did that."
She glanced over at me, "It was fun though, wasn't it?"
"Maybe." I confessed hesitantly. "Can you imagine how much cum is going to be flying around their apartment tonight?"
"Shit! Neither one of them is going to wait till tonight. They'll be beating off within seconds of getting home."
A funny thought hit me, and after laughing out loud, I said, "What if they don't wait? What if they go to the restrooms at the lake and take care of business right there."
Susan began laughing too, and we didn't stop until we were wheeling into the underground garage of our building.
While she was negotiating the tight turns down to the lower levels of the parking garage, a thought hit me. What we'd done had been fun, and neither of us was worse for the ware.
I didn't tell Susan about my revelation though. I didn't want to encourage her to get even bolder . . . and insist I do the same.
* * *
That night, after a very hot and steamy sexual bout, we were just laying there recovering when I said to her, "Wow! What we did today really got you hot, huh?"
"No, that was all you."
I called her out, "You don't have to lie to me. I know it really got you going."
"Okay, so what if it did?" She defended.
"Nothing, I was just making an observation."
"Then yes, it got me going. I can't imagine that going to a nudist camp will be nearly that much fun."
That surprised me, "Oh, why? There will be a lot more people there to see us naked."
"Yeah, but those people are used to seeing other naked people. Those two guys today were blown away by just getting to see our boobs out in public like that. I'm sure it's not going to be that way at a nudist camp."
I thought about that for a minute, "That makes sense. So, if you want to do something else some time, you can count me in . . . just as long as I don't have to fuck anyone other than you."
Susan turned her face toward me. She put her hand on the back of my head and drew me in for a passionate kiss, "I love you."
* * *
"You didn't!" Sandy and Bren both gasped at the same time when Susan told her what we'd done at the lake. It was Sunday. Susan and I had finished our laundry, and then invited the other ladies over for a naked drink. Their husbands were both out playing golf together and wouldn't be home for hours.
"We did." I confirmed Susan's account of what we'd done.
"Oh my god! That's so hot! I don't think I could ever do anything like that." Bren said.
"Personally, I wish I'd been there with you." Sandy piped in.
Bren challenged her, "Would you have shown those guys your boobs?"
"I think I would have." Sandy confessed, "If I wasn't alone—if there were other boobs hanging out there too."
"I'd like to think I'd have the guts to do it." Bren told us, "but I'm not sure I could be that bold. Maybe if we were someplace where people are expected to be naked, but not out in a public place like that. Besides, I'm not twenty-one any more . . . and I've had two kids."
"Like I'm twenty-one." The older Sandy shot back at her.
I couldn't hold my tongue, "Well, at least from my perspective, neither one of you have anything to be concerned about in that department. You're both still really sexy."
Susan shot her head around and showed me an astonished look, and then she said, "I second that, of course, but coming from Jan, well, let's just say she has the hots for both of you since the last time you were over here."
I slapped Susan on the arm and gave her a playful shove, "I did not . . . okay, well maybe I did, but she shouldn't repeat everything I say." And then I looked at Susan and scolded her, "Am I going to have to start watching what I tell you?"
"Hell," Sandy said, "When it comes to Bren, I've had the hots for her since the first time we got naked together. She knows it too, but she's still playing hard to get."
Susan spoke up and said to Sandy, "There's nothing wrong with your body either. I think it's sexy as hell."
"Me too." I added my support.
Sandy had her back to Bren, so she didn't see Bren get to her feet and sneak up behind her. It startled her when Bren reached around her and cupped her heavy boobs, lifting them with her hands.
And then Bren said in a playful voice, "Yeah, I think these babies are sexy as hell too."
Sandy played along, leaning back into Bren, "Damn, sweetie, I'll give you an hour to stop that."
Susan said with a giggle, "We have an extra bedroom if you two need some time to yourselves."
Bren was still cupping Sandy's boobs. She laughed, "Hey, I don't have to be gay or bisexual or whatever to appreciate a nice set of tits, and this is definitely a nice set of tits."
Sandy looked over her shoulder, "Okay, but just remember this when I lose control and grab your tits."
And that's when Bren shocked all of us. She released Sandy's boobs and stepped around in front of her. She held her arms out from her sides, "Okay, go ahead. You might as well get it over with."
When Sandy reached out and felt of Bren's boobs, Bren looked up at the ceiling, "Ummm, that feels nice."
But then Sandy shocked all of us by lowering her head and sucking one of Bren's nipples into her mouth."
"Hey!" Bren protested, "I didn't do that to you."
Sandy grinned up at her and said, "You were welcome to. I wouldn't have stopped you."
I wasn't sure how far they would go, but I got my answer soon enough. Bren stepped back and returned to her chair, "Whew! Ted just might get lucky tonight."
That caused all four of us to laugh for a long while.
* * *
That night, just after Susan and I crawled between the sheets, she asked me, "They were even more fun tonight than last time, weren't they?"
I giggled, "Hell, for a minute, I thought they were going to get it on right there in front of us."
"That would have been really hot." Susan said in a reverent tone.
"Yeah, when Sandy started sucking Bren's nipple, it was all I could do not to get up and do the same to her other one. BUT, you'd better not go telling them that."
"Oh chill. They didn't think anything about it. They're both cool."
"Yes, yes they are," I said just before giving Susan a passionate kiss."
* * *
I was soaking in a nice hot bubble bath with a drink when Bren came into our bathroom. She was naked.
I didn't even know she was in our apartment. It was Friday night, and Susan hadn't told me she'd invited anyone over. Bren said, "I hope you don't mind, but I really need to pee."
"Not at all." I told her honestly. "I didn't know you were here." I knew Susan had a late meeting. "Is she home yet?" And then it hit me. Of course Susan was home, else Bren couldn't have gotten into our apartment.
"I ran into her in the lobby and she invited me over. She's in the kitchen making us a drink. Ted took the kids out to a movie."
"When you're done, will you take her my glass? I'm almost empty."
After cleaning herself and flushing the toilet, Bren took my glass and left the bathroom. A couple of minutes later, she returned with a fresh Screwdriver for me and one for herself. She lowered the lid on the toilet and sat down.
Out of no where, she giggled, "Susan said you thought me feeling Sandy up was really hot."
"I'm going to kill her." I said, feeling a blush wash over my face.
"No, no, don't do that," She said with a chuckle. "I think it's cute. Is it so difficult to believe that a straight married mom can have a little innocent fun now and then?"
"No, I don't. It wasn't that long ago that it would have freaked me out though." I confessed.
"Hell, it's all in good fun. No harm, no foul."
I considered her words, "She really does have the hots for you, you know—Sandy, I mean."
She chuckled, "Yeah, I know. And I'm sure what I did here a couple of weeks ago didn't help any. I probably shouldn't have done that, but I just had the urge, so I did it."
"I can understand going with your urges." I confessed. "That's how Susan and I ended up in this kind of relationship. Neither of us would have ever guessed we'd end up like this."
"I think it's wonderful, especially since both of you still like men. I'm not sure I'll ever understand it totally, but I admire you for going for it. Please don't say anything to her, but I've been tempted several times to have a go at Sandy."
"I think it's great that we can talk about it like this." I said honestly. "I can't explain it, but it just seems very natural to me now."
Susan appeared at the door. She hadn't even undressed yet. "Hey, are you two going to stay in here all night?"
"We were just talking." I told her. "Why aren't you naked yet?"
Susan chuckled, "I was protecting myself from Bren. Last time she was here, I got the feeling she was lezzing out on Sandy. I didn't want to tempt her."
"Very funny," Bren laughed, "I think you're safe from me."
Susan acted offended, "Oh, you don't think I'm hot and desirable?"
"I didn't say that," Bren defended herself.
Susan wasn't going to let her off the hook, "Oh, so you do think I'm hot then, huh?"
"I do." Bren said in a tone that let us know she was just playing along. "In fact, perhaps it's better that you keep your clothes on so I'm not tempted to jump your bones."
"And now the truth comes out." Susan said with a laugh as she walked on down the hallway.
The water was getting too cool for me, so I stood up and grabbed a towel. I was surprised when Bren said in a voice only loud enough for me to hear, "I do think she's hot . . . and you too, and Sandy. I'm just really conflicted right now."
"God! I know that feeling all too well." I told her as I was drying off.
"How did you sort it out?" She asked me in a serious tone.
I thought about that for a minute before answering, and then I told her, "I didn't. I just went with it. I felt it, and I let myself experience it. Bren?" and then I waited for her to look up at me, "I'm not sorry I did, but if it hadn't been right for me, I wouldn't have enjoyed it so much."
Still looking me in the eyes, she said, "God! That's so awesome."
I felt the need to help her explore her emotions, "Bren", I asked her, "The other night, how did you feel when you and Sandy were playing around?"
She gave me a one word answer, "Horny."
"Well, there you go." I said as I tossed my towel aside and helped her to her feet.
Without warning, Bren reached out and felt of my boob. "Do you mind? I just want to see if it makes me feel the same as with Sandy last time."
I almost ran out of the bathroom, but I forced myself to stay and turn toward her. "No, Bren. Satisfy your curiosity. I don't mind."
She put her other hand up and cupped my other breast. "I just love the way they feel." She confessed.
I giggled, "Susan does too, although hers are a lot nicer, just like Sandy's. Yours and mine are different—nice, but different."
Finally, I moved away from her. "We'd better get out there."
"Yes" Bren said in a raspy voice.
I don't know why . . . or maybe I do, but I felt a little guilty about sharing that intimate moment with Bren in the bathroom without Susan being there. So when she was naked and joined us in the living room area, I jumped up and urged Susan to stop in the middle of the room.
I was behind Susan. Bren was sitting in one of the stuffed chairs. "Close your eyes." I whispered to Susan, and then I crooked a finger to Bren.
I purred to Susan, "Bren is curious, so just stand there." And then I said to Bren, "Go ahead, satisfy your curiosity, it's okay."
Sure enough, Bren reached up with both hands and began feeling of Susan's boobs. She was looking me in the eyes the whole time. After a minute though, with her face red with a blush, she backed off and returned to her chair.
"Okay," I said to Susan. "She's finished."
Susan must have thought the whole thing was humorous, "What? I don't even get a kiss? I feel so used."
"Get over yourself." I told Susan, but Bren jumped up and asked me, "Is it okay?"
I gestured to her that it was. Susan was feeling her oats. She wiggled her body and giggled like a school girl. When Bren stepped in front of her, Susan was wise enough not to initiate anything.
Bren needed to do that for herself. If she didn't want to do it enough to initiate it herself, she had no business doing it at all. After hesitating a few seconds to gather her nerve, she moved in and initiated a kiss with Susan.
The instant their lips met, Susan put her hand behind Bren's head and pulled her in tighter. I couldn't see it, but I knew their tongues were mingling. I was jealous, not of Susan for kissing another woman, but because it wasn't me sharing a kiss with a woman who had never done it before.
When they broke their kiss, I couldn't help myself. I grabbed Bren's hair and pulled her to me. We shared a similar kiss.
"Whew! Holy fuck!" Bren said when I finally released her. Susan and I both laughed out loud, and Bren joined in.
The mood over, Susan went to the kitchen and began making us some turkey sandwiches. Bren and I sat and discussed her feelings about what had just happened. "Well?" I asked her.
"What can I say? I'm beginning to understand the allure."
* * *
It was Tuesday evening. Susan and I had just finished our workout and showered before Sandy and Bren arrived for snacks and drinks. Shortly after entering our apartment and getting naked, Sandy listened to Bren brag about having kissed both Susan and I.
"Hey, where's mine?"
Bren laughed and told Sandy she'd have to wait until she'd had a drink or two.
When we were all seated in the living room area with drinks and munchies, Sandy filled us in on the results of her research.
"Okay, here's the deal on the nudist camp, it's about an hour and a half north of here. They accept visitors on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. It has two pools, a large hot tub, nice clubhouse, huge building where they have dances, and cabins to rent."
"We should rent a cabin so we don't have to appoint a designated driver." Bren interrupted Sandy.
"Can you get out for the night?" Susan asked Bren. "What would you tell Ted?"
"I'll think of something." Bren told us.
All eyes turned back to Sandy. I asked her, "Can you get a kitchen pass for overnight?"
Sandy tilted her head, "I was thinking we could go on a Saturday morning and spend all day there, but they do have dances on Saturday nights, so staying overnight might be a lot of fun. I'll see what I can do. I'm sure I can come up with something."
"How much does it cost?" I asked.
"That gets a little tricky." Sandy told us. "Singles are $30 each, but couples are only $35." And then she looked at me and Susan, "If they accept that you're a couple, you'll save some money, but if they don't, you'll still get in cheaper because you're under twenty-nine. It would only cost you $25 each. I didn't check the price of a cabin, or even if they have one big enough for all four of us, but I will."
Out of nowhere, Bren started laughing. When we all looked at her, she composed herself and said, "I'm sorry, but I just got this image in my head of a hundred men all walking around with hardons, and people fucking everywhere."
Sandy rolled her eyes, "That won't happen." She told Bren. They have strict rules about that kind of thing. And if a man gets hard, he's supposed to cover it up until he gets himself under control."
"What fun is that?" Susan spoke up.
"I know." Sandy answered, "It won't be like skinny dipping in the lake when we were in high school. The boys usually stayed hard all the time until dark and we paired up to take care of them."
"You did that in high school?" I gasped.
"Sure, you didn't? Don't tell me you didn't have any sex during high school."
"No, she didn't." Susan answered for me, "And neither did I."
Sandy looked over to Bren and they both laughed, "We were real sluts by their standards."
Bren defended herself, "Hey, I only fucked two boys in high school. I didn't turn into a slut until college."
That caused us all to laugh. Susan got up and fixed us all another drink. Sandy turned to Bren and asked her, "So, what brought on all this kissing I'm hearing about?"
Bren shrugged, "Nothing. I just expressed some curiosity, and they were both nice enough to let me satisfy it on them."
Sandy shot back at her, "Damn, girl, I've been after you for over a year, and you wouldn't give me the time of day. Now you're off kissing every woman in the building. Slut!"
Bren laughed, "Maybe I was just practicing up for you."
"Ooooo, I love the sound of that." Sandy responded with a giggle.
* * *
Sandy stopped by our apartment Wednesday evening to fill us in on the nudist camp. As it turned out, Friday was off the table. Evidentially, to get a cabin, you had to reserve it a couple of weeks in advance.
I volunteered to be the designated driver on Saturday, but Sandy let me off the hook. "If you'll drive there, I'll drive back." She offered. "That way, I can have a drink or two on the drive there. We're going to be there all day, so I'll be fine to drive back."
Bren and Sandy arrived at our apartment at eight o'clock Saturday morning. They brought with them a large ice chest on rollers filled with ice, two one gallon jugs of orange juice, and two fifths of Vodka.
It was a beautiful, warm, sunny morning, so we had the top down on Susan's mustang. It was the first time I got to drive it, and it was a lot fun. Prior to leaving our apartment, the three of them had mixed Screwdrivers in large plastic cups with lids and straws sticking out the tops. Of course, they were drinking during the drive, hoping to get some liquid courage for our arrival at the nudist camp. I was jealous.
We were all wearing bikini tops and shorts, and that got us honked at now and then. But when we were about half way to the camp, the other vehicles on the highway began honking their horns at us almost constantly, especially the truckers. I didn't know why until I glanced in the rearview mirror and saw that Sandy and Bren were making out.
I adjusted the mirror lower to get a better view. Susan asked what was up with all the horn honking, so I tilted my head toward the back seat. When she looked back there, she showed me a big smile before having to cover her mouth to stifle a laugh.
Sandy and Bren had shared a passionate kiss prior to leaving our apartment on Tuesday evening, but they hadn't gotten carried away. Now though, Sandy had pushed Bren's bikini top up off her boobs and was feeling them up while they kissed.
"Damn, girls!" Susan said to them after she'd composed herself somewhat, "You're going to cause some car wrecks if you keep that up."
They broke their kiss and both started laughing. I know for sure they'd just had one drink, so I was shocked when Bren reached behind her back and unhooked her bikini top. Seeing that, Sandy laughed and did the same. And then they went right back to making out and feeling of each others boobs. That only served to increase the horn honking.
"Fuck it!" Susan said with a giggle, and she reached back, unhooked her bikini top, and pulled it away. And then she looked at me with a naughty grin, "Lean forward." When I did, she unhooked my bikini top as well. "Just be careful when passing truckers. We don't want to cause an accident." And then she giggled again and added, "But don't go by them too quickly either."
I glanced over at her and said, "Oooooo you're sooooo baaaadddd!"
I had to admit to myself that the feeling of driving topless in the broad daylight was very exhilarating. It made me feel very naughty, in an erotic way.
From then on, every time I passed a truck, I'd slow down just a bit. When the trucker would blow his horn, all four of us would wave at them before I sped up and left them in the dust.
Just before we were supposed to take our exit off of I-35, an unmarked police car turned on his lights behind us and beeped his siren. "Shit!" I exclaimed. "It's too late to cover up. We're busted."
"Just stay calm." Sandy admonished us. "This could be fun."
When I pulled over and stopped, the passing cars and trucks honked their horns all the way by us.
I could tell by his Smokey Bear hat that the officer was a Texas State Trooper. "Driver's License and registration, please." The officer said in a very professional voice.
When I handed over the two items, he studied them and then said, "I guess you know why I stopped you."
Sandy shocked me by saying with a wild giggle, "Indecent Exposure".
The troopers face reddened. I hoped it was a blush and not anger.
And then the trooper chuckled, "No, Ma'am. I don't see anything indecent. But, you are creating a traffic hazard for the other drivers. So I'm going to respectfully ask that you cover your . . . selves. Will you do that for me?"
"Yes, Sir." I responded. So the four of us began putting our bikini tops back on. When we had, the trooper chuckled again while handing me back the documents, "That's a LITTLE better." He said. And then he told us to enjoy the beautiful day and, "Drive carefully."
Seconds later, we were back on the highway and laughing our asses off. "That was too fucking hot!" Bren exclaimed, still laughing.
"I told you it'd be fun," Sandy said, "We were never in danger of getting arrested, well, maybe a ticket for the 'creating a traffic hazard' thing, but not for being topless. There's not much they can do about that unless you're in a state park and the rules specifically forbid it."
"You mean we could just walk around topless without getting in trouble?" Susan asked her.
"In most places, yes." She answered, and then she added, "A few years ago, Lady GaGa stripped totally naked and walked down the middle of the street at Dealey Plaza while making a video. She didn't even have a permit. The Dallas cops said on TV that the most they could have done was give her a ticket for a Class C Misdemeanor, which is about the same as a parking ticket, so they didn't bother."
Bren piped in "Wow! I remember when that happened. The local news made a big deal about it, but the police said they were basically helpless."
"That's good to know." Susan said with a naughty grin.
* * *
The nudist camp was fun . . . after I'd downed two very stiff Screwdrivers. There were naked people everywhere, most of them older, out of shape, long-time nudists. It was no wonder the four of us got more than our share of looks.
It was soon obvious to all four of us that Susan had been right in her prediction. Although it was nice seeing all of those cocks and boobs, it wasn't the same, because everyone was nude, and expected to be nude, so it wasn't exceptional to be so.
Still, just being free to be outside naked was very liberating, and we all especially enjoyed the water volleyball.
Even though we'd been to Bren's tanning salon a few times, Susan and I had to keep ourselves protected from the sun with lotion. Sandy and Bren, with their advanced tans, had no such worries. They didn't even use lotion.
As the sun began to set, the music fired up in the large dance hall. We joined the party and danced with each other for at least two hours.
Finally though, it was time to head home. Sandy, our designated driver did the honors. Susan was in the passenger seat beside her, and Bren and I crawled into the cramped back seat.
Except for Sandy, we were all feeling our oats. I was buzzing, but Susan and Bren were both well beyond that. That explained, in my mind, how we ended up driving out of the nudist camp still totally naked. Sandy protested, but that was easily explained. She was the only one sober.
Shortly after Susan wheeled the Mustang onto I-35, I saw Bren lean forward and whisper something to Susan. Susan then whispered something back to her. I couldn't imagine what was going on until Susan looked back and said to me with a drunken giggle, "Bren just asked my permission to make out with you. I told her to go for it."
And the next thing I knew, Bren was all over me. She was kissing me passionately and running her hands all over my body. It was dark, so we didn't have to worry about 'creating a traffic hazard'.
The next thing I knew, we were kissing and she moved her hand from my boobs to my crotch, forcing my legs apart. When we came up for air, I saw Susan. She was turned in her seat and watching us intently. She had a big smile on her face.
A few minutes later, and after Bren had already made me cum once with her fingers, Sandy wheeled the Mustang off the highway. She pulled into a convenience store and parked under the lights. "I'll be right back." She told us. And then she got out of the car and got dressed.
Bren and I continued what we were doing. I was vaguely aware of car doors closing near us and people walking by our car, but I ignored them and kept making out with Bren.
At one point, while we were still parked under the lights of the store, I pushed Bren away and leaned forward enough to kiss Susan. She immediately grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me harder to her.
When we broke our kiss, I slumped back into my seat, and Bren leaned forward. I watched as she kissed Susan the same way I just had. All the while, Bren's fingers were driving my pussy crazy.
Finally, Sandy got back into the car. She'd purchased a pack of cigarettes. She opened it, lit one with the lighter she'd just purchased, and inhaled deeply. Before backing out of the parking space, she leaned her head back and exhaled, "Damn, that's good. I haven't had a cigarette in three years."
Just before pulling into the underground garage of our building, we all pulled on our shorts and bikini tops. At least three of us were all giddy like one would expect from a group of drunken girls.
While we were waiting on the elevator, Sandy pulled the last bottle of Vodka from the ice chest and tipped it up.
"Damn, girl!" Susan scolded her.
"Hey, I've got some catching up to do." Sandy defended.
In the elevator, Susan and Sandy began making out. Bren and I just looked on, but we were still playing with each others boobs through our bikini tops.
Susan stumbled and almost fell as we were entering our apartment. Sandy, the only sober one among us, caught her and kept her upright.
"I have to pee." I told the others.
Bren said, "Me too." So, the two of us headed to the bathroom. We took turns on the toilet, and when we came out of the bathroom, we saw Susan with her back pinned against the wall by Sandy. They were kissing passionately. I probably should have been jealous, but after what I'd just done in the backseat of the Mustang with Bren, I had no right to be.
Sandy heard both Bren and I giggle when we came out of the bathroom and saw them making out. She immediately moved away from Susan and turned toward us. "Bren, c'mere."
Bren giggled and then stepped up to her. A second later, they were both peeling off their shorts and bikini tops. I went into the kitchen to make myself another drink, and when I turned back around, Bren and Sandy were no where to be seen.
"Where did they go?" I asked Susan.
"Your bedroom." She answered with a giggled. "We should go watch." Susan slurred.
"No, no, that would be rude." I said, "But do you really want to?"
"C'mon." She urged me to follow her.
Seconds later, Susan and I were standing in the doorway of my abandoned bedroom, watching Bren and Sandy on my bed. They were making out at first, but it didn't take long for it to evolve into much more than that.
A minute later, I took Susan's hand and guided it to my needy pussy. Another couple of minutes after that, Susan and I were in our bed, doing what we'd become proficient at doing . . . making each other cum multiple times.
* * *
When I woke up the next morning, I propped myself up on my elbow and watched Susan sleeping. I felt closer to her than I'd felt to anyone in my life. I could feel the tears well up in my eyes as I thought about my feelings for her. I whispered, "I love you."
Susan's eyes didn't open, but a smile crossed her face, and a soft contented moan escaped her lips.
* * *
"Were you jealous when I was making out with Bren in the car?" I asked Susan while we were sharing a light breakfast after sleeping in a bit on Sunday morning.
Susan was obviously suffering from a bad hangover. "No, did it bother you? It was just some harmless fun."
I showed her a smile, "That's the way I saw it too." I said truthfully. "It was fun though."
And then Susan turned to me and put a hand on each of my shoulders. She turned me to face her. After giving me a brief kiss, she said, "I was drunk last night, but I still heard you tell me that you love me . . . or was that this morning? Anyway, you said it, and I feel the same way. I really do love you. The rest is just some harmless fun between friends."
What could I say to that?
* * *
After a shower and doing our laundry, Susan's hangover had diminished somewhat, so I asked her, "What would you like to do now?"
She told me she'd like to have a couple pieces of fruit and then go over to the lake. "Taking a nap in the sun sounds wonderful."
So that's what we did. We didn't take our bikini tops off this time though. We didn't want to be pestered by guys hitting on us. Of course, some still tried, but we gave them the "We're lesbians" line to brush them off quickly.
Susan was lying face down on her towel and had fallen asleep. I was on my back, propped up a little on my elbows behind me, just watching the people go by.
That's when I saw her—a young, black, female police officer. She was on a Segway, and she was headed toward us. I jumped up and walked the twenty yards down to the path to intercept her.
"I just have a question," I told her when she pulled onto the grass and stopped.
"What's on your mind?" She asked me with a friendly smile.
Officer Roberts was a light-skinned, thirtyish African-American. She had a beautiful face and smile, and she also filled out her uniform nicely in all the right places.
"I've heard that Dallas Police don't crack down on women who work on their tans . . ."
She laughed, "Are you talking topless, or the full Lady GaGa?"
I shrugged, "Both, I guess."
She nodded and showed me another friendly smile. "We don't encourage it. And it is technically against the law. But there are only five of us who rotate on this beat, and none of us really care, IF things don't get too sexual. We don't allow that. We care more about people drinking too much and going into the water. We know people are going to bring beer out here, and make out a little. We're not too strict on it, as long as no one goes overboard and starts causing trouble."
"So we could just get naked and walk around the lake if we wanted? Is that what you're saying?"
She tilted her head and showed me a grin, "You didn't hear it from me, but yes. However, as you can see, there are a lot of children around, so we would appreciate you keeping your bottoms on."
"Gotcha," I told her, "Thanks for the info. Me and my three girlfriends just love getting naked in the sun."
Again, she smiled at me, "Just try to use good judgment," she said with a wink.
"Will do, and thanks again."
After that conversation, the female officer smiled and waved at me each time she rode her Segway by us.
We were lying out for another two hours. Susan had been awake for the last hour, so I filled her in on my conversation with the female officer. After that, she joined me in returning the officer's waves.
As we were collecting our things to leave, Officer Roberts pulled up on her Segway. "Hi".
"Susan, this is Officer Roberts. I'm Jan."
"Glad to meet you both." And then she looked at me and said with a grin, "I just wanted to give you this." And she handed me her business card. "My personal cell number is on the back."
I flipped the card over and saw that she had written her first name there, as well as her number. "I'm glad I flagged you down earlier, Molly."
"Are you one of us?" Susan blurted out, causing me to snap my head around to scowl at her.
Molly just laughed out loud and then said with a chuckle, "I don't know what 'one of us' is exactly, but if I'm guessing right, the answer is yes, I'm bi."
"How did you know?" I asked her as the blood rushed to my face.
She chuckled again, "Straight girls don't check other girls out the way you did me."
"Sorry, I didn't do it intentionally." I told her truthfully.
Susan piped in, "Jan has great taste in women."
Molly laughed again, "I know she does. That's obvious." She said, overtly checking Susan out from head to toe.
Susan surprised me by saying, "We're probably going to go to the West End tonight for snacks and a drink or two. If you'd like to join us . . ."
"Give me a call before you go." Molly said as she was turning her Segway and heading back to the path.
"Wow!" Susan said when Molly was out of earshot.
I gave her a playful slap on her arm, "So, we're going out tonight, huh? When were you going to tell me?"
Susan giggled and said, "It was the first thing that popped into my head. You don't mind, do you?"
"No, I'm just pissed I didn't think of it."
* * *
We decided not to have a heavy supper, so I cooked up one chicken breast while Susan fixed us a simple tossed salad. When the chicken was done, I chopped it up and put some into our salads.
After eating, we settled into a nice, hot, bubble bath. We hadn't been talking at all, just relaxing and enjoying our bath. Out of the blue, Susan asked me, "So, what are you hoping for with Molly?"
I opened my eyes and looked at her. And then I shrugged and answered, "Nothing in particular. It can't hurt to have another like-minded friend, can it?"
"No, not at all. I was just wondering." And then she showed me a grin that got my attention.
"Oh? So you're hoping for more, aren't you?" I challenged her. "Don't lie. I can read you like a book."
"Then you need new reading glasses." She shot back at me defensively. "Besides, you're the one who initiated it."
"Not on purpose, I didn't." I defended myself.
"Maybe not, but you must have been sending out some major 'let's fuck' vibes for her to ride over and give us her personal cell number."
"Arggg, I've already told you, if I did, I didn't mean to."
Susan just laughed out loud and poked me with her toes. "Chill already. I'm just busting your chops. I think she's pretty hot too."
"She was sure checking you out." I said playfully.
"I know, and she wasn't trying to hide it either." Susan said with a chuckle.
Our bath over, we showered off and washed our hair. After drying off, I called Molly and told her which restaurant we were going to and what time. She sounded giddy when telling me she'd be there.
"Well?" Susan said, startling me a little. I was in my former bedroom standing in front of the closet and trying to decide what to wear.
"Really?" I said after seeing how she was dressed. She was wearing a sheer white blouse, and no bra. There were no buttons in front, and the wide neckline plunged daringly all the way to where each side was tucked into her slacks. She could have easily overlapped the sides before tucking them in, but she'd chosen to tuck each side in several inches apart. The insides of her heavy breasts were exposed, and her dark nipples and areolas were clearly visible through the sheer material.
"Too much?" She asked me in what I took as a serious tone, at least I did until she wiggled all over and giggled like a school girl.
I just shook my head and said, "I guess I need to step up my game if I'm going to be with you dressed like THAT."
I didn't have anything in my closet that would come even close to being as sexy as Susan's attire. I told Susan my dilemma, so she came over to help me pick something out. My skin wasn't as dark as Susan's, so we decided on black slacks and a black bikini top.
"We can be salt and pepper." She giggled.
Molly hadn't arrived yet, and there were people waiting for a table, so I went on in and got our names on the list. We were hoping for a table on the patio, but they were all taken, so I told he hostess we'd wait for either one on the patio, or a booth in the corner of the bar. She recognized me and told me she'd find us a good table. I took the buzzer and went back outside to wait on Molly with Susan.
Our new friend showed up a few minutes later, and I'm sure my eyes were popping out of my head. Molly was wearing white slacks with a light blue belt, and a very light blue sheer t-shirt that was cut off and hemmed so short, it barely covered her large, firm breasts.
"Wow!" I gasped.
"I second that." Susan said in an appreciative tone.
After Molly gave us both a slow, deliberate appraisal, she said, "Wow! And Wow! Right back at ya."
Susan giggled, "Okay then, now we've all formed a mutual admiration club."
We all burst out in laughter. Finally, our buzzer lit up. I was pleased that the hostess had found us a booth in the back of the bar area. The high back on one side and the wall on the other, afforded us a great deal of privacy.
I ordered a Screwdriver. Molly asked for Scotch on the rocks, and Susan ordered an iced tea. That didn't surprise me, since I knew she wasn't totally over her hangover, and it was a work night.
"You don't drink?" Molly asked her.
I giggled as Susan told her, "I do—too much. I'm still hung over from yesterday."
Molly chuckled and nodded her understanding.
I spoke up, "We went to a nudist camp for the first time yesterday, so we all got pretty drunk."
"A nudist camp?" Molly questioned, "How was it? I would love to go to one, just to check it out."
"It was just 'okay', nothing special." I said.
"Really? I would think it would be a blast." Molly said just as our drinks arrived.
Susan explained, "After the first couple of hours, the thrill of seeing all those cocks, boobs and pussies wears off a lot."
"It's more fun to get naked where you aren't expected to." I added.
"Exhibitionists, huh?" Molly asked.
"We didn't know we were until we did it a little at the lake a while back. A couple of guys came over with some beer while we were on our stomachs tanning with our bikini tops unhooked. We ended up sitting up with our backs to the path, but facing the two guys."
"And yesterday, we were driving to the nudist camp in my convertible, and we were all topless. You should have heard all the horns honking." Susan added with a chuckle.
"And then we got stopped by a state trooper." I added.
Susan jumped in, "Oh my god, yes. That was very hot. The trooper was nice. He said we were creating a traffic hazard, and then he asked us very politely to cover up."
Molly didn't comment on any of what we'd just told her. She only said, "That answers my question then."
"What question was that?" I asked her.
Susan answered for her, "She wanted to know if we are gay or bi."
"Yep, that's what I was wondering." Molly confirmed Susan's answer.
"Would it matter?" I asked her.
"Not to me." Molly said, "But most lesbians don't think very highly of bisexual females. They think we're pretenders or something. There are a lot of lesbians on the force, and they won't give me the time of day."
I shrugged, "Hum, I didn't know that."
"Me either," Susan agreed, "But it's good to know. By the way, we only discovered our bisexual side a few weeks ago. Before becoming roommates, we both thought we were totally straight."
Molly gave us a skeptical look, "So, you don't really know if you're even bi, since you're each the others first and only. That's not a bad thing. I'm not judging you at all. I'm just saying."
Susan laughed, "Oh, we're sure about it. There is no question about us both being bi."
When Molly still looked skeptical, I told her, "Molly, we've become good friends with two other ladies in our building. They're both married. Sandy, the older one, knew she was bi. She had a lot of experience with it in college, and she told us that she missed it. The other one is Bren. She didn't know about herself until she started getting naked with the three of us. She's having fun with it now, and the two of us are having a blast playing around some with both of them. We think it's hot as hell."
"That's wonderful." Molly said before taking another sip of her drink. And then she added, "So, would it too bold of me to say hearing that gives me some hope?"
Did she just say what I thought she said? Did she just tell Susan and I that she wanted to play around with us? Wow!
"I don't think that is too bold at all." Susan answered for us. "We're totally committed to each other emotionally. We love each other very much, but we don't see anything wrong with having a little harmless fun."
"That is soooooo awesome." Molly said in a low, reverent tone. "I wish I could find someone to share that kind of relationship with."
"I'm surprised you haven't." I told her. "I'm sure you get plenty of offers."
"My experiences have all been extremes on both sides of the issue with both men and women. Either they want to go out and fuck everyone in town, or they get too clingy and get mad if I even smile at someone."
Susan nodded her understanding, and then she told Molly, "Yesterday, on the drive back from the nudist camp, Bren and Jan were making out hot and heavy in the back seat. I watched Bren get Jan off with her fingers, and I didn't get a bit jealous. Bren asked my permission before doing anything with Jan, and I happily gave it."
"Wow!" Molly gasped, "That's awesome."
I spoke up, "Susan was drunk, hence her hangover today, and why she's drinking tea tonight."
"That had nothing to do with it." Susan defended herself. "Watching the two of them was hot as hell."
Again, Molly replied simply, "Wow!"
I felt the need to tell Molly, "Sandy was our designated driver. She hadn't been drinking all day like the rest of us."
Molly laughed out loud, and then said to me, "Jan, I'm not on duty. You need to get over my profession."
Susan spoke up, "No way! There's something really sexy about a woman with a gun . . . especially when she's totally fucking hot without it."
"Why, thank you. I appreciate you saying that." Molly said, "I think both of you are totally hot too. In fact, I'm soaking wet right now just from talking to you, and of course, gawking at you too. I've been trying not to be too obvious about it."
I piped up, "We don't mind, Molly. Trust me, we've both been perving on you too."
Susan, always the one to surprise me by doing something I least expected, reached up and opened the sides of her blouse, exposing both of her boobs to Molly. "Does this make it easier?" Molly's eyes shot open, especially when Susan didn't cover up right away.
Finally, I scolded her, "Susan! People are staring."
She huffed and then let the sides of her top fall back into place.
"You two are crazy." Molly giggled.
"Hey, you didn't see me doing that." I defended myself.
"You would if I dared you." Susan said.
"Okay, now that we've got all that settled," Molly changed the subject. "I wasn't going to do this until I got to know you both a little better, but I'd like to invite both of you over to my place next weekend, if you don't already have plans. I have a pool and a high privacy fence. So you won't need to bring suits. I also have a great hot tub. I have the early shift on Saturday, so I'll get off at one. And I'm off all day Sunday. So if you want, you can come prepared to stay the night. That way, you won't need a designated driver. I have a spare bedroom that you're welcome to use."
Susan looked over at me and said with a chuckle, "She just wants to get us drunk and have her way with us."
"I think you're right." I said in a silly voice. "Should we play hard to get?"
"Hell no. She has a gun, remember?" Susan played along.
Molly finally spoke up, "Okay you two, you've had your fun. So do you want to come over or not?"
I was sitting against the wall with Susan on the outside of our booth. She shocked me by sliding out of her seat and moving around to Molly's side of the table. And then, without a care as to who might be watching, she put her hand behind Molly's head and pulled her in for a passionate kiss.
After what seemed like a very long time, Susan released her and moved back to my side of the table.
I felt the need to say something to show Molly I was okay with what Susan had just done, so I asked her, "Does that answer your question?"
"Whew!" She breathed out while fanning her face with her hand. "I'll say." And then she looked at me, "And you don't mind her doing things like that?"
Susan answered for me, "No, she doesn't, just like I wouldn't have minded if she'd been the one to do it."
"Wow!" Molly said again. "I am sooooo jealous of you two."
* * *
Susan and I walked Molly to her car, "We live in walking distance," we told her.
"In that case, you must have a really nice apartment." She surmised, knowing there weren't any shabby ones in that part of town.
When we got to her car, I was the first to step up and give her a full body hug and a passionate kiss. I even slid my hand under her cut-off t-shirt and groped her boob while we were kissing.
"My turn," Susan finally pulled me away. And she immediately took my place. This time, it was Molly who felt up Susan's boob inside her top.
"Whew!" Molly said again when they broke their kiss. She didn't release Susan's boob though. Instead, she raised her other hand and placed it on Susan's other boob.
Not to be left out, I moved closer and felt up Molly's boobs while she felt up Susan.
"You two are too much." Molly said in a sincere tone.
I spoke up, "Just think how nice that will be when we don't have all these clothes on."
"I can't wait." Molly responded.
"Me either," Susan agreed.
That night, both Susan and I were exhausted from our tiring weekend. We were both very horny, but instead of having sex, we did something we'd never done before. We lay side by side in bed and got ourselves off with our own fingers. We did, however, kiss passionately through most of it.
* * *
For dinner on Wednesday evening, Sandy brought over a wonderful shrimp casserole, and Bren brought a plate of outstanding salmon patties and a nice bottle of wine.
"You guys didn't have to do this." I told them. Sandy had just admonished us not to snack or fix dinner.
With the dishes the girls brought with them, I had to force myself not to overeat. I know Susan was trying to practice just as much restraint.
That evening, there was no playing around. We simply enjoyed our naked meal and some nice conversation afterward. We did tell them about Molly, how we met her, and our wonderful meeting with her later Sunday evening.
When we described Molly to them, Susan summed it up, "She's beautiful, fit, very, very sexy, and she has a smile that will melt your heart."
"She doesn't sound like any cop I've ever met." Bren said with a chuckle.
* * *
The following Saturday, Susan and I showed up at Molly's house at the appointed time. When she came to the door, she laughed when she saw the tiny bag we'd brought.
"Oh hell," she said when she finished laughing, "I guess you don't need much more than toothbrushes anyway."
After showing us our bedroom and where the bathroom was, Molly went into the kitchen to fix us all a drink. When she turned around, Susan and I were already naked. "Damn, you two don't waste any time, do you?"
"Oh, did you expect us to keep our clothes on?" Susan teased her.
"No, not at all, but if I'd known you were going to be that fast, I would have already been naked."
While she was handing us our drinks, I told her, "There's no time like the present."
Susan added, "Hell yeah! Get out of those clothes, girl, and let us have a look at our hostess."
Molly laughed and then began undressing right there in the kitchen. When she was totally naked, she held her arms out from her sides and did a slow pirouette. "Well, do I pass muster?"
I responded, "Holy shit!"
Susan exclaimed, "I'm jealous of your tan." To which we all laughed.
When we stopped laughing, I asked Molly, "Do you have plenty of towels? If not, we have some in the car."
"I already have the chairs outside covered. Shall we?" Molly asked, gesturing us with a wave of her hand.
"We shall." Susan answered in a hoity toity voice, and then we all headed for the patio door.
When we were seated under the umbrella by the pool, Molly giggled.
"What?" I asked her.
She answered, "I don't know. I was just thinking that I've never done this before."
"You've never been out here naked?" Susan asked her.
"No, no, that's not it at all. I've spent a lot of time out here naked. I love it. It's only that we just met, and you two are committed to each other. I'm the third wheel, but you two just got naked right off, like it was nothing. And here we are, just having our first drink, and we're all naked. I'm used to the sex starting the minute my clothes come off."
"Does it make you uncomfortable?" I asked her. "If it does . . ."
She looked right at me, "No, it's not that. It's just that I've known for years and years that I'm bisexual. You two have only known about yourselves for a few weeks, yet you're light years ahead of me being comfortable with it . . . and with nudity. That's all."
Susan responded, "Molly, we just don't take ourselves too seriously. We're just rolling with it and having fun with it . . . more fun than we could have ever imagined."
I added, "So we don't want to waste a minute. Who knows what tomorrow will bring. At the lake, we both liked you . . . way past your badge and gun, and we both thought you were beautiful, sexy, and potentially a lot of fun. And then, by the time we got home Sunday night after our meeting . . . let's just say it didn't take too much for either of us to get off."
"Oh god!" Molly gasped, "Now you're making me self-conscience. I'm not all that." And then she added, "I couldn't wait until I got home. I got myself off during the drive. I almost wrecked when I came."
Susan changed the subject, "How do you afford a place like this on a cop's salary?"
Molly laughed, "I was married for like one minute. This house came my way because the divorce judge had the hots for me . . . and it's paid for."
"Awesome!" I exclaimed.
Susan sat her drink down, "Is it okay if I get in the pool?"
"Sure." Molly responded. "Go for it."
Molly and I stayed under the umbrella. We were both watching Susan swim. I asked her, "Sexy as hell, isn't she?"
"Yes, you both are. Don't sell yourself short. I'm gushing right now just from looking at you. And by the way, Sunday night, while you and I were kissing and you grabbed my tit, I came."
"Really? I asked her, "Just from that? And then again on the way home?""
"Yes. That's never happened to me before, but by the time we got to my car, I was already on the verge. So, when you grabbed my tit, how bold you were, how at ease you were with doing something like that . . . you just blew my mind, and my pussy.
"I did all that?" I asked with a giggle.
She leaned toward me and lowered her voice. And then she told me in a very serious tone, "Jan, I have an overwhelming urge to kiss you right now."
I had to giggle, "Good, then think how good it's going to be when we do . . . and we will. I promise you that." And then I got up and walked over to the pool, but I looked back at Molly before jumping in and blew her a kiss.
* * *
Molly finally joined us in the pool. Susan and I were kissing passionately when we heard the splash of Molly jumping in. I broke our kiss and whispered to Susan, "she's really hot for us, so we should get her off so she can relax."
Susan crooked a finger to Molly, calling her over to us. When she got to us, Susan said straight out to her, "Jan says you've got a fire in the furnace. Is that right?"
Molly's eyes got wide, "Yes" she mumbled as if embarrassed by me sharing that little tidbit with Susan.
Susan put a hand on each of Molly's shoulders and pulled her between us. I moved behind Molly and took a handful of her hair. I pulled her face around enough to kiss her passionately. At the same time, I slid my hands around her and felt both of her boobs. Susan put a hand between Molly's legs and began fingering her.
No more than thirty seconds later, Molly moaned into my mouth and her body began shaking. She broke our kiss and said through labored breaths, "Oh fuck!"
I cooed in her ear, "That's right. Ride the waves."
She didn't speak, but she nodded her head. Finally, her legs gave way and she slumped into the water.
Susan and I did a high five and started giggling. And then Susan said to Molly, "Damn, girl, you're too easy."
Finally, Molly responded, "I'm not usually, but holy shit!"
I spoke up, "We'll take that as a compliment."
Molly thanked us both with a brief kiss, and then she told us, "You two enjoy the pool for as long as you want. I need to get back to my drink."
"Just look at her." I said to Susan while Molly was drying herself. "How sexy is that?"
Susan turned to me and said in a serious voice only I could hear, "When we go to bed, will it piss you off if I ask her to join us? I won't do it if you're really opposed to it."
"Let me think about it. I'll let you know before the time comes."
* * *
Molly went inside to fix some snacks. Susan got out of the pool and folded two lounge chairs into semi sitting positions. After getting our visors and sunglasses, we covered the chairs with towels and sat down facing the sun.
"God! This is wonderful." I told Susan.
"I wish we had someplace to do this anytime we want." Susan responded.
"You already have one." Molly said from behind us. And then she pulled a small shaded table between our chairs. She moved our drinks onto it, and then sat a plate of finger sandwiches down on it. "You can come here anytime you want, as long as you don't bring anyone that I haven't met and approved of."
"Are you serious?" I asked her in an astonished voice.
"I am, and I trust you to leave it like you found it. As you can tell, I take a lot of pride in my yard and pool."
"Holy shit!" Susan exclaimed, "That is so fucking awesome of you. I don't know what to say."
Molly laughed, "You can thank me later."
"You've got it." I said, "But just so you know, we were going to invite you into our bed tonight, even before that wonderful offer." I didn't look at Susan, but I could feel her eyes on me, and I knew she'd have a smile on her face.
"Are you sure?" Molly asked for confirmation.
Susan spoke up, "Yes, we're sure, but just so you know, we've never done that before."
"Wow! I'm honored."
"Don't be," I said in a teasing voice, "We expect you to pull double duty."
Molly chuckled, "Gladly. That will be my pleasure."
When Molly went back inside, Susan and I had a finger sandwich each and then sat back to enjoy the sun. I had my eyes closed, and Susan must have had hers closed too, because several minutes later, when I opened mine, Molly was standing at the foot of our chairs just staring at us.
"How long have you been standing there?" I asked her.
Molly giggled, "A few minutes. I just can't get enough of looking at the two of you."
I smiled at her, "That's nice. Whatever floats your boat." And then I realized, Susan hadn't said anything, so I assumed she'd fallen asleep. "Shit!" I said to Molly, "We left our lotion in the car. I'd better go get it so we don't burn. Do I have to get dressed, or do you have a robe I can borrow?"
"Yes, I have a robe, but I dare you to go as you are. Give the neighbors a thrill."
"That won't get you in trouble . . . with your job and all?"
"Hell no! All the people in this cul-de-sac love me. They love having a cop in their neighborhood, even though they expect me to get involved in petty disputes that have nothing to do with police business."
"It might be fun." I said with a giggle. "Susan would do it without giving it a second thought, but that kind of thing is a little harder for me."
"I got that already. She's very bold. I couldn't believe what she did in the club the other night."
"Which thing, showing you her boobs, or kissing you?"
"Both!"
I laughed, "That's just Susan. She was never that way before she and I hooked up. Now I never know what she's going to do next." And with that, I got up and headed for the patio door.
Molly followed me, "I've got to watch this," she said with a wild giggle.
On the way through the house, I grabbed the car keys from the kitchen counter and strode straight to the front door. I didn't close it behind me. I walked slowly, reminding myself to breathe with every step.
After retrieving our lotion from the car, I turned and slowly walked back to the house. It shocked me to see Molly standing boldly in the doorway, still totally naked. Evidently she hadn't been lying about not caring if the neighbors saw us.
When the door closed behind us, Molly was giddy. "Oh my god! You really did it. Susan isn't the only bold one of you two."
"Well, hanging around with her, I've had to step up my game." I said with a laugh.
And then, out of the blue, Molly asked me, "Jan, may I kiss you?"
I smiled at her, "Of course. You don't have to ask with either one of us. If you feel like kissing one of us, or feeling us up, just go for it. We won't ask you. We'll just do it. But, since you did ask, I would prefer it outside."
"Maybe I can wait that long." She teased.
Sure enough, the minute we stepped out into the sun, she grabbed me by the arm, spun me around, and gave me a passionate kiss. During that kiss, she was running her hands all over my body.
When we broke that very long kiss, I handed her the tube of lotion, "Why don't you do the honors on Susan first, and then me. I'm sure you don't need any."
I'd never heard Molly laugh so loud or for so long. When she composed herself, she said, "Jan, you have a lot to learn about us colored folk. And then she immediately apologized, "I'm sorry about the 'colored folk' comment. It's a joke to us . . . at least among ourselves. Anyway, we burn too, especially the lighter skinned among us."
I wasn't sure how to take that. On the one hand, I felt a little naïve about black people and the possibly of them sun burning. On the other hand though, I was a bit proud that she felt comfortable enough with me to blurt out something that should have been reserved for other black people.
Molly must have sensed my dilemma, "Oh god! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. I just don't take the whole black thing too seriously. I joke about it probably more than I should. The other black officers on the force don't like it, but I just don't think it's a big deal. Just like earlier when Susan commented on my tan. I thought that was too funny. I don't get offended easily. If I did, I wouldn't last ten minutes as a cop on the streets of Dallas."
I felt the need to say something, but I was afraid I'd bungle it. "Molly, just so you know . . . at the lake, and later at the West End, and even now-"
She cut me off, "I know, Jan. None of it had anything to do with my skin color, just like yours didn't have anything to do with my decision to give you my card."
"Whew!" I said. "I'm glad we got that all out in the open."
"Yeah," she added, "It's too bad we have to, but perhaps one day . . ."
"For me, that was the day at the lake, and for Susan too."
She showed me a wonderful smile, "I know." And then she kissed me again. "Now, I'm going to use this lotion as an excuse to go feel up Susan."
I laughed, "Like you need an excuse."
When she got over to Susan, she turned and whispered to me, "I think she's asleep."
"All the more reason to get some lotion on her . . . especially her boobs. You should spend some extra time putting lotion on them." And then I giggled wildly and shot her a wink.
"Well," She said, "It's a tough job, but someone has to do it."
I laughed and then told her, "I'm going to go make myself another drink. Do you need one?"
"Absolutely!" She responded with a naughty grin.
* * *
When I got back outside, Susan was awake and smiling like she'd just won the lottery. Molly was working lotion into Susan's skin . . . especially on her boobs.
"Hey," I scolded her, "What am I, chopped liver? I might burn too." And with that, I stood at the foot of the lounge chairs and spread my arms out from my sides.
Molly gave Susan a quick kiss on the lips and then stood up. She eyed my body and grinned, "Hum . . . where to start?" She walked around me, "I might need to start on that sexy ass and those incredible legs." And then she continued around, "But I wouldn't want to ignore your flat abs, and those wonderful globes."
"Shit! Will you stop teasing and lotion me up already. I'm getting tired of standing here."
"Okay, okay, my little impatient one." And she began spreading lotion all over my body.
When she was finished, I told Susan, "Our turn to do her. Get up and help me."
"She needs lotion?" Susan asked in an astonished tone.
"Yes she does. She schooled me up. I'm an expert on colored folks now."
Molly burst out in laughter, "Oh no, you didn't!" And then she laughed until her sides started aching and she literally had to bend over and put her hands on her knees in an attempt to get herself under control.
* * *
Just before dark, we ordered in pizza. When the doorbell rang, our response was all scripted. Susan answered the door naked, and then she yelled to us, "Pizza is here!"
Molly and I joined her at the door. To our dismay, it was a young female delivery person. We were hoping for a guy. She tried her best to act like there was nothing out of sorts, but she naturally struggled to maintain her composure.
I took our pizza from her, and Molly handed over the cash. "Keep the change, "Molly told her.
When we closed the door, we were all laughing and giggling, but we agreed it would have been more fun with a male delivery person. Had it been, Molly was going to be searching for her purse, and Susan was going to invite him in "To keep the mosquitoes out."
After eating, we made fresh drinks and headed to the hot tub. We all agreed that the hot tub would have felt a lot better in the winter, but that was hardly the point anyway. The main objective was to let the sexual tension build prior to going to bed and having some incredible sex.
Molly was starting to catch on. When we were all in the hot tub, she didn't ask permission. She just immediately pulled me to my feet and began kissing me and feeling me up. I expected Susan to join in, but she didn't. She just sat sipping her drink and watching us.
Molly shocked both Susan and I when we came up for air after a very long kiss. She held onto me tightly while she looked over to Susan and said to her, "God! You have no idea how badly I want to eat her pussy."
Susan chuckled, "I hope you like pussy cum. She gushes."
"My god, yes!" Molly beamed. "If someone would bottle it, I would be their biggest customer."
That caused Susan and I to burst out in laughter.
Finally, Susan crooked a finger to Molly, calling her over. When Molly was standing in front of her, she reached up and began feeling of Molly's boobs. "I love your tits." She told Molly.
And then Susan sat up taller and leaned forward. She began licking and sucking Molly's nipples.
"Damn! If you keep that up, I'm going to have to sit down. My legs are getting weak."
Susan sat back and smiled up at her, "That was just a preview of things to come."
* * *
Susan had a fun idea. She told Molly to just sit in the corner of the hot tub while she explained it to me. She pulled me to the middle of the hot tub and began telling me her idea so that Molly couldn't hear.
"Do I need to go get my gun?" Molly teased.
I laughed, "No, you're going to love this. Just give us a minute."
It was all I could do to contain my excitement as Susan explained her idea to me. I was to take the lead, because, according to Susan and for whatever reason, Molly seemed to have the hots for me slightly more than Susan.
The more Susan explained to me, the more excited I got. I kept looking at Molly and giggling like a school girl. Finally, we were ready. I had Molly turn off the jets and scoot around to the middle on one side of the hot tub.
There was a cylinder shaped pillow on each side of the hot tub, held in place by hooks that extended over the sides. You could put the pillow behind your neck and lay back without your head being on the hard plastic of the hot tub. We moved one of those in position for Molly.
I got on one side of Molly with Susan on the other. I put my lips an inch from her ear, even giving her earlobe a quick lick.
"There are only three rules to this game." I purred in her ear. "First, we can do anything we want to you except touch your pussy. Second, you have to keep your eyes closed and your fingers on your pussy the whole time. And lastly, the game won't end until you've made yourself cum two times. Do you understand?"
"Why can't you help me?" Molly asked.
"We can, as long as neither of us touches your pussy."
"Okay." She agreed.
"Now, close your eyes and put both of your hands on your hot pussy." When she had, Susan and I each put a hand on one of her boobs and began gently kneading it.
And then I started purring in her ear, so close that I knew she could feel my warm breath on it. "Right now, Susan and I are just going to enjoy feeling of your sexy breasts. We love the way they feel. I can't wait until you are in our bed later so I can kiss them and suck your hard nipples."
With the jets turned off, Susan could hear me. She looked over to me and showed me a smile of approval so I continued. "You have a beautiful pussy. Before the night is over, both of us are going to have our tongues inside it, licking up your sweet juices, and hopefully being rewarded by getting to taste your slick cum. I really, really want to taste your sweet cum."
With the jets off and the underwater light on, Susan could see Molly's hand beginning to move with more urgency on her pussy. With her free hand, Susan motioned for me to pick it up.
"Put two fingers in your wet pussy, Molly. Pretend it's my tongue. Imagine I'm fucking your hot pussy with my tongue, ummmmmm, so, so, hot and wet and sweet. I love your pussy. Fuck your pussy with my tongue."
"Yes." Molly moaned, "Your wonderful tongue."
Molly had both of her hands involved. Susan and I could clearly see her working her fingers in and out of her pussy while the fingers of her other hand were rubbing her clit.
"That's right. Fuck your pussy with my tongue while Susan licks and sucks on your swollen clit."
"Arggg!" Molly grunted as her body began to quiver.
Susan was grinning from ear to ear. Unlike Susan and me, Molly didn't scream out when her orgasm started. She didn't get vocal or thrash about much. Instead, she just let out that one short grunt and then smiled.
"How long before you can cum again?" I asked Molly after giving her a minute to ride her orgasm to its conclusion.
She shook her head and said in a raspy voice, "Not long."
"Good, now when you are ready, stand up in the middle of the hot tub facing us, and let us watch you get yourself off again."
"You . . . you're not going to help?" She asked in a somewhat panicked voice.
"No, we both want to watch you do it yourself. It will be so hot watching you. Now, give us each a kiss and then do it."
She just nodded and then moved over me and kissed me passionately for a long time. And then she moved over Susan and did the same. Finally, she stood up. Her pussy was just above the water line, so we had a great view.
She kept her eyes open, bouncing from me to Susan and back to me. She started with one hand on her breast, kneading it roughly. With her other hand, she began rubbing her beautiful pussy.
The site before us was awesome. This beautiful, sexy woman was showing Susan and I her most private moment. I found myself twisting and pulling on my own nipples as I watched her.
It wasn't long before both of Molly's hands were on her pussy again, and again, she had fingers inside her pussy while the fingers of her other hand rubbed her clit.
Soon, it was obvious that she was struggling to keep her eyes open. The look on her face was one of pure lust, and one of the most erotic sites I'd ever seen.
A minute later, Molly's head flew back and her hips began thrusting into her busy hands. "Argggg", she grunted again. And then, after a series of low moans, her body seemed to relax and she slumped down into the water. When she finally opened her eyes, she showed Susan and I a contented smile.
"Is that what you wanted to see?" She asked us in a still labored voice.
Susan was first to get to her and give her a passionate kiss. I was waiting right there for my turn, and I took it the minute Susan moved aside.
"Whew! I need a drink." Molly finally said with a giggle.
While Susan went inside and made us all fresh drinks, I said to Molly, "Wow! That was sooooo hot. I almost came just from watching you."
She just showed me a wide smile.
* * *
That night, Susan and I slept in Molly's bed. Our sex lasted for hours. My favorite part of it was when Susan was eating my pussy and Molly was squatting over my mouth. I couldn't believe how much juice she produced. I had to struggle to keep swallowing, even before she came. When she did, her slick cum flooded my mouth, my face and the pillow on each side of my head.
According to Molly, her favorite part was when Susan was eating her pussy while I was kissing her. I know she just kept moaning into my mouth the whole time.
The next morning, even though it wasn't too early, I woke up before the other two. I slipped out of bed, and after a quick trip to the bathroom, I quietly slipped outside and dove into the pool.
As I floated leisurely in the water, I assessed my emotions. I had violated my number one rule about not fucking anyone but Susan, but I wasn't sorry. I was confident that it wouldn't change our feelings for each other at all. And I had to admit that I had strong feelings for Molly—not love, but strong feelings nonetheless.
* * *
Susan and I arrived at Molly's home at nine o'clock on Saturday morning. We'd been there dozens of times over the last six weeks, sometimes when she was there and we had hot and passionate sex with her, but many times when she wasn't home. We'd just taken advantage of her generous offer to use her pool and backyard. She'd even given us a key to her house.
This Saturday was different though. We weren't there to swim, or to have sex with Molly. We were there for one purpose and one purpose only. Molly greeted us with hugs and kisses, and then she helped us carry our bag and hanging clothes to her guest room.
The house was beautiful. There were two tables of snacks and finger foods. In the backyard, there were lines of white flowers hanging about.
Sandy and James were the first guests to arrive, and then Bren and Ted and their two kids. When Reverend Beverly arrived, Susan and I knew it was time to get ready.
We left the guests and went inside. After donning our rented white gowns and carefully placing white carnations in our hair, we stepped outside to a round of applause.
The ceremony was short and to the point, and soon, I was slipping my ring onto Susan's finger, "With this ring, I thee wed . . .
The End . . . for now.