I had to end my little show after about five minutes as more people began to arrive at the beach. As I looked to my left, I saw a young woman carrying her beach gear searching for a place to set up. She was cute, but not necessarily my type. I'm not a fan of women with tattoos and she had a few. She'd still be nice to look at though. I was hoping that she would drop her belongings right where she was and set up. I'd enjoy both looking at her and showing off for her. I was happy to see that she did just that. Sometimes nude beach days can be a bust. There is a sweet spot in crowd size. If the crowd is too large, you are packed in tight--usually with too many men. If the crowd is too small, there's a good chance that there won't be any women to look at. Today was shaping up to be a good day.
Unfortunately, it appeared that I may have mentally celebrated too soon. It was just after the end of the official beach season and crews had come with heavy equipment to remove the lifeguard stand--which was located directly behind my new lady friend. "If they scare her away, I'm going to be SO pissed!" I thought to myself.
I decided to go for a walk to get away from the commotion and to avoid being incidentally captured naked in the videos several beach goers were taking of the move. I walked past a couple who looked like they were attempting to work from the beach. The wife had a laptop computer and a towel over her head and the computer to allow her to see the screen. The husband was naked and the wife was fully clothed. Perhaps she elected to stay clothed because she was a little on the larger side. It's not unusual to see a naked man and clothed woman at the beach. Usually, it's because the man enjoys being nude and the wife doesn't have the nerve but doesn't mind accompanying her husband. I'm sure it's also because she enjoys checking out other nude men but would never admit it.
I walked down to the end of the beach and went in the water. As I was standing in knee deep water, I saw an Indian couple approaching. They both appeared to be in their late 30's. The husband (I assume) was wearing a pair of boxer briefs. The woman was fully clothed in green leggings and a matching shirt.
She looked like she had an extra 10 pounds or so but was decent looking. She came in the water about 15 feet from me, fully clothed, while her husband remained in ankle-deep water. I don't know why she didn't either wear a bathing suit or get naked, but whatever. She undoubtedly was enjoying the sites though. She was looking over at me without making any attempt to hide it. The water was at my mid-thigh and she was shamelessly checking out my cock. I was enjoying the attention and getting a little hard. It was getting kind of weird with her husband looking on though, so I eventually left and started walking back.
As I walked back past the working couple, they had traded positions. The husband now had the laptop and towel covering his head so that he could see the screen. The woman was wearing sunglasses but appeared to be looking directly at me. Since I love showing off, I decided to go in the water again in line with where she was sitting. I was pretty high so any last inhibition I might have had was gone. As waves came, I would turn my back towards them which would allow me to show everything to this woman. She appeared to be soaking everything in while her husband obliviously had his head covered. I walked back out of the water and toward her to give her a better view. By now I was completely hard. There was also another woman, completely nude, in the water very close to me. If she noticed I was hard, she didn't make it apparent. Finally, I walked right in front of the couple and gave the woman a good show. I looked directly at her as I walked within three feet of her with my bouncing hard-on. She gave me a discrete smile.
As I looped around to my beach chair, I was glad to see that the young woman was still there. Now she was only wearing a black bikini bottom. She had a nice little pair of tits. She was just about to sit as I approached.
"I'm glad all that noise is finally done! Now I can relax." I said.
"I know. That was pretty loud." She said with a friendly smile. I started to make small talk and learned that she was a nude beach veteran but hadn't been back in quite a while. Her name was Sara. I kept steering the conversation to being naked. We talked about why we enjoyed being naked and our first times at the beach.
We both sat down. I sat in the sand in front of her, leaning back on my hands, with my legs outstretched. My penis was right there in front of her.
"What do I care if a woman sees my dick? Am I going to turn to stone or something?" I said as I arched my pelvis for emphasis. She laughed and agreed nudity wasn't a big deal.
"I notice a lot of women keep their bottoms on," I said. This was a little risky because one obvious reason a woman sometimes does that is because she has her period.
"I'll take these off in a little while. I have to finish putting on sunscreen. I just need a break from the heat. Last time I was here I missed my underboob."
"Ouch. Yeah, definitely get your underboob!" I said as I stared straight at her bare breasts. "That's the thing about the nude beach. You have to make sure you put lotion everywhere." I said as I rubbed my cock. I wasn't really trying to pick her up so I figured I'd see how far I can push this. "Can I help you with your sunscreen?"
"Maybe later." She said politely.
I was running out of conversation. Rather than forcing a situation and making it awkward I decided to quite while I was ahead and go relax in my chair. A few more people had joined the group of regulars near me and their mini compound was getting noisy. Not too long after I sat back down they started blaring some pretty shitty music. If that weren't annoying enough, one of the men was playing along on a set of bongos. What the fuck? I decided to escape the noise once again.
This time, I sought refuge behind the first set of dunes. It's a quiet area where people who prefer peace or privacy often sit. I was amazed how quickly the sound dissipated as soon as I passed the first bunches of tall grass. I also immediately came upon a naked MILF sitting in a beach chair reading a book. I would guess she was in her early forties but had a smoking body for her age. She had B cup breasts, a toned body, and a completely hairless and beautiful pussy which was on full display as she reclined in her chair.
I made my usual small talk asking if she came to the nude beach often and if she lived far. She told me she lived about 30 minutes away, so she was able to come pretty often--but her kids didn't know. I didn't ask about her husband. I was getting the vibe that he wasn't in the picture--not that it really mattered. We talked about why we enjoyed being naked at the beach.
"I love not having a wet suit on after I get out of the water and feeling the sun all over me." I said. "And I have a nice dick so I like to show it."
"Oh, well I wasn't looking." She said somewhat nervously. She happened to get a phone call so I politely excused myself.
I meandered along the beach for about 20 minutes before returning to my chair and umbrella. As I approached once again I saw Sara returning from the long walk from the bathrooms wearing shorts and a t-shirt.