All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica
As you may remember Janice was horny as hell and in a hurry to get to their SUV, but she was stopped by Henri and Monica.
"Jan, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Henri, asked with empathy.
"She looked at her, husband, Henri, their bosses, the lawyer, and Monica. She had an internal struggle. "If I say I liked it, they would think I'm a slut. If I say I didn't like it, they'll know it was a lie." She thought. "Henri it was a different experience, that I wouldn't have thought to do without your insistence. I hope you'll never ask me to repeat it." She evaded the question with her answer.
"Jan come over here." Monica said and the nude woman hugged Jan. "Hope to see you again." Monica continued. She knew the older woman was excited by her scent and her rigid nipples.
"Thanks, Monica, for stripping to support me. It meant a lot to me and helped me overcome my fear." Janice said has she pulled her husband out the door. It was dusk, when they left the Mini mall.
Peter opened the door for his wife and noted that she had three buttons in the center of the dress secured of the ten buttons. They were, from under her breast to even with the juncture of her legs. When she entered the SUV her breast and pussy became exposed, but at different times. He didn't tell his wife of her exposure because it excited him to have her accidentally exposed in public, he realized.
As Peter entered their vehicle. "Peter, go to the top of the MGM parking garage again." Jan directed.
"Will do my dear." He didn't ask why this time because he could smell her erotic scent when she turned to him with her leg on the seat to expose her overheated box to him. He carefully broached the subject as delicately as he could. "How are you feeling now my dear."
"I'm horny as hell, and embarrassed my boss saw me completely nude and spread. I wasn't brought up like that Pete. It was very hard for me to overcome my upbringing to do what I did today. Now I'm worried about what Carl will expect from me. I also have a dilemma though. I liked being required to expose myself against my will!"
Peter was surprised by her remarks. "I didn't see that coming." He thought.
The couple went to the top of the parking garage and parked in a quiet corner away from all the other cars. He put the seat back and pulled down his pants with some difficulty as he had a boner. Janice climbed over him, settled down on his manhood, and flexed her pelvic muscles to keep him hard.
"Wow, that confession caught me by surprise. Married all these years and I never realized you wanted to be forced to expose yourself. I have a confession to make also. I loved to see you naked and spread in front of the group today. I also liked it when you and Monica hugged." Said Peter, "Funny what comes out of your mouth when your pecker is buried in the love of your life's box!" Pete thought.
"Well, my love I didn't know I liked to be forced to expose myself either, until today." Then after some thought Jan asked. "What now Pete? Do you think Carl will want to see me nude again? Or your boss for that matter?" Janice asked with trepidation as she squeezed her husband's pecker with her pussy. "OOHH, you feel so good in me!" She moaned.
"AAAHHH, I love the feel of you squeezing my pecker!" Pete moaned and then in a breathless voice said. "You'll make it plain to everyone I will be there whenever you're required to be nude. Do you agree?"
Suddenly there was a knock on the window. "Everything Okay in there!" with a light shining in their faces. It was a foot patrol officer of the casino security.
"EEEEKKKK!" Janice scream and tried to get off her husband's pecker.
Peter held her in place while he brought the window down. "We are in a discussion." Peter explained to the guard.
The guard sniffed the air that came out of the car. He smelled the erotic scent of an excited woman. "Yah the best way to get rid of a hard problem is work it out just the way you're doing. Have a good night. You lucky son of a bitch. Nite to you lovely lady also." The guard laughed as he walked away.
That took the starch out of Pete's peter, and it cooled down Janice also.
"Let's go to Red Rose for dinner." They drove down a few decks in the parking garage, parked, and then walked to the Red Rose. Janice affixed three buttons on her dress, she didn't notice she mismatched the sides of her dress.
The couple exited the SUV and headed for the restaurant. It was packed but they had a high-top table for two available, in the far corner of the bar. It faced the other tables that were low-tops. They were seated immediately. The couple noted that they received looks of interest from people as they walked by.
Jan and Pete sat side by side, and with the mismatched side of Janice's dress away from Pete. He had slid in first against a wall; Pete didn't notice that his wife's breast was exposed when she moved a certain way with the three mismatched buttons in the middle of her dress fastened, her pussy was on show under the table, to the people that faced her.
They continued their conversation in a whisper, unaware that Janice put on a show, for the dining patrons in front of them. "I don't know how to act in front of Carl. I have no secrets from him. Will he try to take advantage of me because he thinks he can?"
The server came for their beverage order and the young man's face turned red, as Janice turned to order, he received a long look at her breast, which still had makeup on, so they stood out. She didn't catch him look though, and the couple continued their discussion once he departed.
"I don't think you will have a problem with Carl, because his contract hinges on you fulfilling your contract with Henri. That includes my boss's contract. So, you will not be required to do anything you don't choose to do, for either of our employers. I think if Carl tries something you'll just have to call Henri and he will take care of it. I believe he's an honest man. He has a perversion to persuade beautiful, mature, women to get naked for his camera! He doesn't want to ruin your life though." After some thought but before Jan said anything, Peter asked. "You never answered my question before. You will only get naked while I'm present, right?
"Wow Pete where'd you come up with that! Henri's a wonderful guy who connives to get women naked who don't want to be. You men are all the same you do more thinking with your little head than you do with the one on your shoulders. Peter of course I will only get naked when you're with me. I don't want to have you miss out on your fun. That is to have you wife naked and spread in front of a group of strangers." Jan answered sarcastically, her voice raised a few octaves, so others turned to look at her and noticed a breast that peeked out of her dress.
The table for six in front of them was cleared and the hostess set a group of six men at it. The men who faced the couple could see under the high top, where Jan and Pete were seated. They received a glimpse of the woman's pussy when she moved her legs to the side of the stool in a more comfortable position. From then on Janice's pussy was totally exposed to the group.
Jan looked at one of the men. She caught his eye, and he gave her the thumbs-up and a smile. "Pete, do you know that guy there in front of us. He's flirting with me."
Peter smiled and waved to the guy as a joke the next time he looked at Jan. To his surprise the man of about forty-five came over to them and introduced himself.
"Hi there. My name in Wayne. I'm with a group at the casinos for a few days. I see your lady is very relaxed in her choice of garments. I was wondering if she would like to come to our room and put on a show for us?" he boldly asked.
"Well sir if each of you have ten thousand dollars, I could put a show on for you in your room, but my husband comes with me. He was a navy seal and a martial artist." She came back quickly. That was a fib as actually he was in the army, but he did train in the martial arts.
"There's no woman worth that much." Wayne sputtered.
"Oh Yah, show him Pete. I just modeled for an artist." Janice said.
Peter smiled and out of his shirt he pulled the envelope with the cash. "Don't get any Ideas my friend."
"Well, you should tell your lady to stop advertising the goods if you don't want to be approached." Wayne answered disappointed and walked back to the table.
"What did he mean by that, Pete?"
"I think they can see your pussy under the table for their vantage point."
"Oh, I need to put myself together." As she looked down and with a squeak said. "I need to rebutton my dress." When she saw the two sides mismatched. She covertly rearranged the buttons and secured all ten of them. The show was over for the men in the front row, but Jan was still very horny.
The couple ordered their meal, ate, paid for the meal, and left for Pittsfield. It was dark: as soon as Pete entered the Turnpike, Jan stripped her dress off and tossed it in the back seat. Peter set the dynamic cruise and diddled his wife. She had a three-orgasm trip home.
When the couple drove through Lee, Peter could see his wife's sated pussy, red and moist, in the subdued light of the town. His nude wife was in a contented slumber in her seat. "What a day, there were many firsts today, I hope Jan wasn't too traumatized by her exposure. It looked like she became accustomed to her exposure and accepted that she will be nude in public again, but she may feel guilty and revert to her former self, if I don't reinforce the fact that she needs to continue with her exposure. I need to reinforce that she has a beautiful body and have her think it was her decision to be nude more often." He thought as he formulated a plan for that to happen.
The couple arrived home. Peter parked the car in the drive, opened the door to the house and the motion light came on. He went to the SUV, picked up his nude wife as she slept, she wrapped her arms around him while she slept. He brought her into the house. Pete gently laid her on his side of the bed and went back outside to garage the SUV in the detached structure, brought in her purse and dress.
He locked up the house, shut the lights, and went to their bedroom. Jan was still sound asleep. He pulled down the covers on her side, he lovingly set the nude woman on her side of the bed and covered her. This was also the first time she went to sleep nude; she usually sleeps in a night shirt and panties. Jan had a smile on her face. "I hope that's a good sign?" Peter thought. It was ten PM. He watched Lawrence O'Donnald on MSMBC and then went to bed after he placed the envelope of cash on his wife's nightstand. His wife was in a deep sleep.
"My wife is so beautiful!" Peter thought as he looked at his wife in the subdued light and in a peaceful slumber. He leaned over and gave her a kiss. "I'm proud of her, the photos came out great, she was totally exposed to the camera but in an innocent way. I could see by the time the photo shoot was over she was comfortable in her nudity. I was surprised she didn't dress as soon as the shoot was over. Monica also helped her through the embarrassment of being nude in front of the group." Peter thought as he drifted off to a peaceful sleep.
The smile on Janice's face was brought on by her dream. 'She was in her office nude and everyone she worked with complimented her on her beauty.' The dream continued for the whole night she didn't wear clothes anymore in her dream. Janice awoke with a start when the alarm went off. She was nude and this alarmed her. Her pussy was soaked along with the sheets under her box, she had a couple of orgasms while she dreamt.
"Oh, MY GAD, I dreamt I was naked in the office, and I had multiple orgasms. What's happening to me, I worked my way up without any sexual favors. I reluctantly modeled for Henri Towns, and now I had a dream I'm naked all the time. Is this a foreshadowing of my life from here on?" Janice thought in a panic!
It was the weekend, so the couple arose early. They went to breakfast early to beat the crowds. They usually went on road trips around the area. The couple hiked the Appalachian trail and went to craft fairs around the county and beyond.
Janice could smell the coffee as it brewed. They usually each had a cup of coffee before they left the house. She was embarrassed that her side of the bed was a wet mess, she covertly changed the sheets. Janice, also put the cash in her nightstand before she went to the kitchen nude to have her cup of coffee.
"Well-well this is a first, my beautiful wife nude in the kitchen. I like it!" Peter complimented his wife on her nudity.
"Don't get too used to my outfit big boy." Janice said with a smile as she pinned her husband against the counter and pulled her husband's sleepwear down to find a nice erect pecker, she knelt on the floor and proceeded to blow his slippers off. She felt bad about the dream she had last night, so wanted to do something special for her husband.
"Oh, my gad Janice! The photo shoot affected you that much, you never did this before in the kitchen. I'm going to cum!" Peter moaned in pleasure as he painted her tonsils with his cum. "What's gotten into you my dear, you've never did me in the kitchen before and a BJ besides." Peter asked once he got his breath back from the unexpected oral sex.
"Nobody has got into me today, yet, but there's always hope. First I need a cup of coffee chaser to go with your deposit, while you recharge your batteries." Janice giggled as she poured a cup.
Janice drank her coffee and became pensive. "What's going to happen to us. Our bosses have seen me nude. Henri now has hundreds of nude photos of me. Will he hang them over our heads to make us dance to his tune? Will his depravity increase, will I have to do disgusting things to feed his depraved ego? Will he become jaded and want me to do more than just be nude for his group?" Janice asked her husband with anxiety.
"I don't think Henri will do that to you. From his bio it states he loves to see beautiful women naked. A woman's body is a work of art and has been displayed since ancient times. He said in his Bio. He wants to bring that back to our society. Was my impression from what I read." Peter explained to his wife.
She looked at her husband in amazement. "You read up on Henri Towns?"
"Yes, I wouldn't let the love of my life model for some scoundrel no matter how rich he was. Without checking him out first. I also acquired a few personal recommendations from people I know, that know him. He's a very generous guy when you do as he asks. They also mentioned his perverse fascination with mature successful women. His only perversion is he likes to get the women nude for his camera."
He forgot to mention there was a gallery on the net where he showcases his works.
She ran to him and jumped in his arms. "I love you so much!" Janice cried.
They walked to their bedroom to lubricate Janice's loins, so she doesn't squeak when she walks. Janice laid on the bed on her back and Peter inserted his peter in her manhole with her help. He pushed forward and she aimed his pecker. "I love you with all my heart." Peter said breathlessly as he kissed his wife, while he pumped in and out of her. "Oh, you feel so good my dear." He pushed as far in as he could, moaned as he blew his load in her pussy.
"OH, MY LORD I'M CUUUMMMMINNGGGG AHAHAH I feel your love painting my boxxxxx with your baby makers! Janice screamed in joy. She felt loved.
After they recuperated the couple showered together. While Pete shaved, Janice donned a button front dress, her only garment, along with three-inch, heeled shoes. She dressed this way unbeknown to her husband. Peter was in casual slacks, shirt, and shoes. The couple brought wind breakers in case they were needed. It was a warm fall day. They were off to a few craft fairs in the region for the day.
They walked to the SUV and Pete opened the door for his wife. When she entered the vehicle, she spread her legs. "My dear didn't you forget something, don't you feel a draft?"
"Oh My, I wanted to show you my panties, but I guess I forgot to put them on." Jan giggled along with her husband as she swiveled into the passenger seat and buckled up. Pulled her dress out from under her bottom and left her box exposed.
They were off to places unknown. Pete drove and Jan looked at the paper to find attractions they would like to visit. They decided on a craft fair in Chicopee on route five.
As soon as they entered the Turnpike at Lee Jan completely unbuttoned her dress and said. "We need to talk."
"Okay, but why the distraction?" Pete asked.
"I don't know how you'll react when I tell you about my dream."
She told her husband about the dream and her multiple orgasms last night and she thought it was a premonition of what was to come.
"You were just so horny because you had fun yesterday and let your hair down my dear that's all. You realize your mindset was modesty and you found out that when you let it all hang out it can be fun also. With that said you had all those years you put your mind in a straitjacket, and it was let out yesterday." Peter speculated, which made Jan feel better.
He looked over at his wife after he pontified her question and saw she rubbed her pussy and played with her nipples as she listened to her husband. This gave him a boner. "What a difference a day makes!" Peter thought as he watched his wife bring herself off in broad daylight.
She came four times before they exited the Turnpike in Chicopee. The car smelled heavenly of her sexual scent. They found the venue and spent the day to wonder the exhibits. Jan had many men follow her and her husband. When she was alone a few stopped to ogle her and converse with her. Her husband stood in the background and watched.
They spent both days in happy exploration of craft fairs with meals at diners.
After a wonderful weekend it was Monday morning, and they went back to work.
Jan was nervous about what the day would bring. "What will Carl say to me; will he be nice to me, try to take advantage of me, or look at me with distain, for my nude audition." Janice thought with a shiver.
Janice walked into the office while she looked at an email sent to her cell phone and ran smack dab into Carl. She looked up embarrassed. "Oh, sorry Carl didn't see you."
"Oh, that's okay, not every day I have the privilege to be run over by a beautiful lady." Carl chuckled as he looked at the older woman with reverence in his eyes.
"Did you have a good weekend?"
"Yes, I did and how about you?"
"I did Janice and thank you for securing the contract with Henri Towns, there will be a large finder's fee for your excellent work in obtaining his contract. You know it was signed on Friday." Carl added with a wink and that look of reverence again. He turned and walked to his office. "Follow me." He said.
They went into his office and shut the door. "I am giving you the senior position and you'll be on salary you can come and go as you please as long as your work is completed on time."
Nothing more was said about Friday to Janice for the weeks to follow. Everything was as it was before Janice modeled the only difference was the look of reverence she received from Carl every time he was in her presence as if she was a queen. That made Janice 'feel special'!
Janice wasn't the only one that noted the look Carl gave her every time he was in Jan's presence. The receptionist/operator Margret also noted the way Carl looked at Janice, after the Friday he received the contract from Henri Towns.
She looked Towns up on the internet and found he was a billionaire/artist "I wonder how we got the contract. What did Janice have to do with it? She was very nervous the week before." Margret thought. He had a website that was noted in his Bio.
Margret went to it. It said. "This site is dedicated to the female form. The female form is meant to be worshiped by humanity. The photo images depict the natural beauty of a naked woman."
She went to the first set of images it showed a woman in a prone position on her back, breast exposed, and legs spread wide, her vagina was open and wet, the woman had her hand on her pubic mound with her finger on her clit.
"Oh my! The image was very graphic, but the lighting was beautiful, and the woman was very beautiful her smile lite up the image. She has an innocent look about her." Margret thought.
The receptionist went through the images they became more graphic with each page. "I wonder if Jan did this to secure the contract for our organization. I never thought she could do something like this. She is so conservative, and she never used her feminine charms to get ahead as long as I've known her." She thought with intrigue.
"Jan couldn't model for Henri she's too conservative!" Margret decided.
As Margret looked through the images, she realized she became excited and could feel her panties getting went. "Would I have enough courage to model for Henri. I'm not as beautiful as Jan. Would Henri even give me a second look?" She thought as she became angry and jealous of Jan.
Meanwhile, on Monday when Peter went to work, his boss came to his office and closed the door. "I want to thank Janice and you for securing the contract to be Henri Towns accounting firm. I want to enhance your involvement in the Towns account. I want to elevate you to be the first full partner in my firm. We will rename it 'Sturn and West Accountants'." Bill said.
"Thanks Bill." Pete said with excitement as all the other seven accountants are employees of the firm, now his name is on the wall with Bill's. "I owe it all to my wife." He thought.
"You have a beautiful wife, Pete." Bill whispered with reverence, as they shook hands.
"Thanks Bill I'm a lucky bastard to have her." Pete whispered with reverence.
"Is there any way that I can see her totally naked again?" Bill asked.
Shocked, Peter didn't want to say no, so he said. "I'll see what I can do."
Peter called his wife. "Jan I've been made partner my name is going on the wall here. I can come and go as I please and do my work as I like."
"That's great Pete you deserve the promotion you put in a lot of years and hard work for the organization." Jan squealed with happiness.
Janice's audition added spice to the couple's love life. It was very lively for a mature couple over sixty. Since Carl gave Jan the first salaried senior partner position for the organization. She could come and go as she pleased, as long as she completed the work she had. It was a ten-minute drive to her home from work, so by quarter to four each day Jan was home.
She jumped in the shower, prepared dinner, and waited for her husband's arrival. When she heard the Garage door open, she looked out of the window in the direction of the Garage. Jan stripped off her satin coverup and walked to the front door nude. When Pete opened the door she rushed into his arms, she gave no thought that someone might see her naked body, as she welcomed her husband home with a full body hug and passionate kiss. Janice was still worried that her husband was upset because so many people saw her nude with all her intimate being on display. She was brought up that her body was a temple, for her husband's visual pleasure only. That was what was constantly on her mind.
After the pleasurable welcome home embrace and kiss Peter held his wife at arm's length, still at the open door. He admired her beauty in the sunlight that streamed through the opened door. It was like a hallo around her. "You are a very beautiful woman, and now you are at your full potential because some of your childhood instruction about modesty has been overcome." Pete pontified with the upmost respect for his naked wife.
"Oh, Pete, I love you so much and I will do whatever you like. Just so I can see the love you have bestowed on me all these years. We have renewed our intimacy since I auditioned for Henri. I didn't know you would want me to do something like that." Janice said then hesitated and turned red. "And l liked the audition also. I was treated like a queen and have been, since I auditioned by everyone who watched my audition." She hesitated again. "Accept for Margret she has always been jealous of me and when Carl gave me all the accolades today, she noticed. She's a gossip, I need to watch out for her." Jan explained with worry.
The couple went to the kitchen, ate, they cleaned up and walked hand in hand to the living room which was off the kitchen to the side of the house. There was a large picture window that looked out onto the side yard of their neighbor's house, only separated by a chain link fence.
Jan knew the blind was open but didn't care. She lay on the couch and pulled her husband to her by his belt. Unbuckled the belt, pulled his pants and shorts down together and helped him off with the garments. She pulled him by his erect pecker onto her prone body. Jan helped him insert his pecker in her box.
"Boy, is she wet and feels amazing. After all these years I never get tired of making love to Jan, but I think I will need some boner pills to keep up with her. I will call the doctor to get a prescription for celais." Peter thought as he slowly pumped in and out of his wife's box. This distraction was to keep from a premature orgasm before his wife came.
"OH-OH faster, IIII"MMM ALLLMMMOOSSTTTT THEEERRRREEEEE! AHAHAH!" Jan screamed.
Peter went into overdrive as he felt his wife grab his pecker with her pussy muscles. She became wetter when she screamed, and he dumped his load in her pussy. It was like they were newlyweds and reconnected after she auditioned. That was a positive result of the audition.
Not so positive was the constant insistent enquiry from Bill. "Did you set something up for me to see your wife naked again yet." This went on for weeks. Peter didn't tell his wife about Bill's obsession with her.
Bill was a numbers guy, nerdy, but smart, divorced because he paid more attention to business than to his wife. He was sixty-five and needed someone to take some of the responsibility from his shoulders. Bill was two-hundred-fifty pounds, and balding. He was enamored by Jan's beauty.
And so, it went for the next two weeks nothing was said to Jan about her audition by all parties, but the couples sex life was amazing. Janice was relieved about that and started to relax. She hadn't heard from Henri either. "Maybe his curiosity was satisfied to see me naked, and he has the photos of me totally exposed. Hopefully he has gone on to find other women to feed his perverted proclivities. Probably he found a woman that wanted less money to expose her body to him." She thought with a smile.
Then the third week just before she was ready to leave for the day it happened. The office phone rang. Margret answered it and informed Jan. "Henri Towns is on the line. Do you want to speak with him?" the receptionist asked suspiciously while she thought. "Why would a billionaire artist call Jan?"
"Yes, Margret send him through." She directed the operator. "Hi Henri, what's up." Jan asked in an upbeat voice, but with trepidation.
"Hi Janice, how have you been? Hopefully the audition wasn't too traumatic for you. I didn't want that. I wanted you to have fun. To enjoy yourself."
"Well Henri, it was very embarrassing for me, but Monica helped me to get over my inhibitions when she stripped nude and stood in solidarity with me. I found that everyone who witnessed my session was very respectful to me. I've felt like a queen. So, all in all it was a good experience for me." Jan admitted.
"I'm glad to hear that Jan. The reason I called you my dear is to ask if I can use your images for art shows at the MGM casinos around the world. I will pay you your daily rate to show your images. They will be five-day shows."
Stunned with what Henri just asked, Jan answered. "Henri I'll have to ask my husband to see what he says."
"Well okay, but remember we have a contract." Henri answered in an authoritative tone of voice.
"Yes, I know Henri, I'm just going to let my husband know." Jan said in a dejected tone of voice.
"So, I will put together the images I want to showcase and send them to you for your approval." Henri answered in a more cordial tone.
"Okay Henri I will look for the images on my computer." Jan answered nervously. "My images will be put out there in public. I wonder what that will do to my social standings in our community, if the word gets out, I modeled nude." Jan thought in a panic.
Meanwhile, Margret was curious why Henri Towns called Jan. She ran down in her head a timeline. "Jan was very nervous a month ago, Jan and Carl had a confrontation in the office at that time, a few days later Jan was out of the office all day, the same day Carl received a call from the artist, Carl went to Springfield that afternoon, he came back with a signed contract for the Towns account. The following week Jan was elevated to senior accounts manager, a first for our organization. Carl Picked her over people that worked here longer, and now Jan gets a call from the artist. Something was going on and I will find out what it is!" Presently she wasn't so sure that the conservative Miss Goodie two shoes Jan didn't model for Henri. "He talked her out of her panties so she could be elevated senior accounts manager in our company." She thought with disgust.
A little about Margret, she was the receptionist, operator for the organization, has been there as long as Jan. This job was well suited for her with her personality. She was five-foot-one-inch, about one-hundred-forty-pounds. Thirty-eight, twenty-nine, forty figure with black hair cut short. She mimicked Jan in dress and expression, with a pleasant voice, but doesn't quite pull it off. Margret in reality, was frustrated. Margret only got cost of living raises. She wanted a position like Jan had in the organization. All-in-all she longed to find out what Jan's secret to success was!
After Jan hung up with Henri, she called Peter. "I got a call from Henri. He wants to showcase my photos at the MGM Casino. I'm so upset I'm going home." She explained, her anxiety came back with a vengeance.
"Jan I will be right home, get comfortable and we will talk this out. I'm sure it will work to our advantage." Peter comforted his wife.
Jan walked by Margret "I'm leaving for the day."
"Okay Jan hope everything is, okay?" Margret said with contrived sympathy as she could see the older woman was distressed. "She's upset because of the Towns phone call." she deduced with a smirk.
The ten-minute drive was nerve racking for the anxious woman. She arrived home and without thought removed all her clothes to get comfortable. A few minutes later Peter entered the house, and the nude woman ran to him to give him a kiss. She felt comfortable in his arms. He was her protector.
When Peter entered their house, he smiled when he saw his wife nude. After their passionate embrace he said. "Let's go to the living room and talk this out."
Jan lay on the couch, one leg bent on the back, and the other on Pete's lap as he sat on the couch next to her. He rubbed her pussy lips together as his wife breathlessly explained her concern. "I ah hope that ah I'm not recognized by anyone we know. OHOHOH. I hope they don't think I'm a slut. MY LORD THAT FEELS GOOD!" She voiced breathlessly.
"Jan everyone will look at your naked body with reverence as everyone so far has. You have no worries. Henri captured your innocence in the photos." He gave a positive clarification to his wife to calm her down.
Peter dropped trou, knelt in front of his naked prone wife to worship her pussy. He brought her legs over his shoulders; she pushed her pussy against his mouth to see if she could get his tongue deeper into her pussy as he licked her to a screaming orgasm. "Oh, my GGGGAAADDDD that feels soooooooo good you have a magicccccc tongueeeeeeeeee! AAAAAAAHHHHHHH."
He leaned back on his knees to visually admire his wife's naked beauty in her after orgasm bliss. Her red engorged pussy lips and her love liquid as it seeped from her box. "Absolutely beautiful!" he thought.
Pete sat back on the couch bottomless and put his wife' legs on his naked thighs. He gently rubbed her pussy lips together to await her return to earth from her orgasm.
She opened her eyes and had a smile on her face. "You always know how to make me feel better my dear." Jan said with a stretch.
"Jan we'll have Henri send us the photos to look at. Make sure you like them before you give him permission to use the images." Pete explained as he diddled her pussy.
"Okay, I think that is the best Idea. I know that I will have to let him use most of the photos he sends to us, but at least I will have some input." Jan moaned as she was on her way to another orgasm. "My pussy is getting sore!" She thought. "Please stop for now. Pete you can leave your fingers in my pussy if you like though, because that feels good."
So, Peter rested three fingers in his wife's pussy as they plotted their best approach with regards to Jan's nemesis Henri.
Unbeknown to Jan, Peter called Henri's cell the next day. When He answered. "Hi Henri, this is Peter West how are you doing?"
"I'm doing great how is Jan doing and you."
"I'm okay, I'm calling because I would like you to call me when you need her for anything. She gets very upset her puritan values are deep rooted."
"So, I take it you're okay with your wife being exposed in public."
"Yes, as long as it is in a tasteful, innocent way and I'm there with her."
"Great Peter, I can deal with that." Henri answered with excitement.
"Okay from now on I'll go through you to secure Jan's sessions. I will send the photos to you in a day or two." Henri explained thrilled that Peter likes his wife nude in public.
Janice and Peter didn't realize it, but Henri was so smitten with Jan's beauty that he wanted to put together a show that he will use around the world to find other women for his artistic endeavors. He wanted Janice to be spokesperson for him.
It was Thursday that Henri sent the photos he wanted to showcase at the casinos to Peter. Along with all the photos taken at the audition, they had a chance to choose others to enter into the exhibit. Henri locked the photos that had to stay in the exhibit so Jan couldn't remove them.
When Peter arrived home, he found his wife at the front door as usual, nude, and excited to see him. He could smell their dinner. "You look marvelous as usual my dear. I don't know why I deserve a beautiful wife, like you, and so naked. You have a mature beauty that women would be jealous of." He praised her before he took her in his arms and kissed her.
She molded herself into his body with a passionate kiss. He could feel her rigid nipples and she could feel his cock rise with their heated kiss. "We better stop, or dinner will get cold." Janice said breathlessly with a giggle after the kiss.
"Yes, you're right. We will eat and then go to the office to look at the photos that Henri picked for the exhibit. He sent them to me."
"Did you look at them, did anyone else see them, Pete?" she asked fearfully.
"Noone has seen them Jan. I haven't looked at them yet. I figured we'll look at them together after dinner."
The sexy playfulness left Janice and was replaced with stress. They ate silently and cleaned up.
"Let's get this over with Pete." Janice lamented.
They went to the home office. The naked lady sat on her husband's lap. Pete opened the folder to see the photos Henri picked. Jan was horrified that all of the photos showed her totally exposed in one way or another. When Jan tried to eliminate one photo where she was on her knees on the couch her legs spread wide and her rectal opening visible and stretched. Along with her pussy that was open, and you could see pink. She couldn't delete it, it was locked. The photo that she had her legs spread wide, her finger on her extended clit she tried to eliminate, it was locked. There were only a few changes the couple could make, they realized after four hours of review.
"Oh, my gad Peter, will you still love me after these photos are released in public. Look at them in all sixty of them I'm totally exposed to the world."
"Jan, you have to admit you look beautifully exposed in an innocent way. I love you more now that I've seen these photos and the comments you have received to date. I realize now how lucky I am to be married to you." Peter expressed his admiration for his wife to help combat her fears.
"As long as you still love me that's all that counts for me. Send the photos to Henri."
Peter composed at email clipped the photos to it and hit send. He had all he could do to concentrate on the email as he was aroused by his wife's erotic scent. While Pete worked on the email Jan had a smirk on her face. She could feel a rise in her husband's pants. She wrapped her arms around her husband's neck and gave him a French kiss that brought him to full mast.
They made it as far as the love seat in the office, Pete sat his wife down and she made fast work of his pants and shorts. They frantically consummated their lust for each other. After they viewed the photos, they didn't make love they fucked!
"Give it to me harder Peeettttteeerrrr." Jan screamed as Peter pounder her for all he was worth.
"IIII'MMMM Ggggooooiiiiinnngggg tttttoooo ccccccuuuuummm! Jan." said Peter breathlessly.
"WWWWHHHHAAATTTT FFFFFOOOORRRR MMMEEE IIIII'MMM AAAAALLLLMMMMOOOOSSTTTT Therreeeeeeeeeeee! AAAAAHHHAAAAHHHA!
"IIII'MMM TTTHHHEERREEE TTTTOOO!" Jan expressed breathlessly.
They went to bed happy and satisfied for the night, but tomorrow was another day. What will it bring the couple.
Friday the couple were awakened by the alarm, they made breakfast cleaned up and left for their respective jobs.
Henri received the approved photos back and had them start on the production of the finished photos they will be from eight inch by ten inch, to life size photos, to bigger than life size photos. He worked all day with the production crew on Friday.
The roll out of the show will be in the Springfield MGM casino in two weeks.
The only thing left for Henri to do was to persuade Janice to speak at the opening. In the nude and then circulate in the crowd nude. Monday they will start to set up the exhibition hall, so Henri will call the couple then and have a meeting at the hall to tell Jan what she will have to do. He figures it will take a few weeks for her to come to terms with the idea she will be nude in front of hundreds of people.
The weekend was fuckfest for the couple. The West's didn't hear from Henri. That was a good thing in Janice's mind. Before they knew it Monday morning came around again.
Peter went to work to find Bill in his office. "When can I see Janice nude again!" Was the first words out of his mouth.
"Bill I'm working on it. I need more time."
"Okay." the dejected man said as he left Peter's office.
It wasn't an hour later that Peter received a phone call from Henri. "Hi Henri, what's up?" Peter asked as the artist's name came up on his phone.
"Can you come to Springfield tomorrow to solidify the opening of the exhibition, Peter?"
"What time?"
"Whenever you can, come to my office first you can see some of the finished photos and then we will go to the exhibition hall to go over the presentation for the opening." Henri explained.
"Okay I'll call Jan see what her schedule is and text you." Peter said before they said goodbye and hung up.
Peter called his wife. Margret answered. "Hello Gennie investments, how may I help you."
"Hi Margret, this is Peter. Is my wife available?"
"I will see Mr. West."
"Jan your husband is on line two."
Jan picked up the phone. "Hi, my love what do I owe this call to, you miss me so much you needed to call." She laughed.
"Henri called he wants to meet with us tomorrow if we can, what's your schedule?" Immediately her disposition changed.
"What does he want?" She snapped at her husband.
Jan's office was close to reception, she had her door open. Margret heard Jan snap at her husband. "I bet Jan has modeled for Henri although reluctantly." The receptionist smiled with her deduction.
"Jan, we have to stay calm to get through this."
"That's easy for you to say, I'm the one that had my pussy on display for the pervert." Janice said loud enough for Margret to hear her.
"YEEEE! She modeled for Henri! I bet Carl saw her naked also. That's why she was promoted instead of someone with more service with the organization." Margret thought in delight. She has fodder for the rumor mill in the office.
"I'll go see Carl to make sure I can go. I have some time sensitive work to do for a client." Janice explained to her husband before they hung up.
Janice came out of the office and went to Margret. "Is Carl busy."
"Janice, you know you can go into Carl's office anytime you need to. He's always available for you." Margret said in a patronizing way.
Janice walked down the hall to Carl's office.
I think it's time to tell you about Carl. He's divorced, because he spent more time in the office than with his wife, so she cheated on him. He's skinny fifty-five years old with a full head of gray hair. He weighs one hundred and fifty pounds.
Janice entered his office. "Hi Jan, what do I owe the pleasure of your visit."
"I need to meet with Henri tomorrow. I need the day off, but I have time sensitive information that needs to go out tomorrow. Should I put him off a day or do you think someone else can do the work?" She then proceeded to explain what needed to be done.
"Margret has done that for others in the office, so I think she can handle it. I'll call her in."
"Margret, can you come in here please." Carl called over the interphone.
The receptionist walked into Carl's office. "Hi Margret, we need your help. Jan has to go out of town tomorrow do you think you can take care of a time sensitive task that she needed to do?"
"Of course, Carl anything for our star Mrs. West." The woman stated with insincere sweetness.
"Margret shut the door please." The woman did what was asked of her by Carl. "What's the problem Margret."
"I've been working here as long as Jan, but she has been given raises and is now at the top I'm still a receptionist/operator."
"Carl she's right. I want you to give Margret half of my raise, she deserves it for keeping this office running smoothly. I'll only take half the raise we agreed on." Jan said.
"You'll do that for me Jan?" Margret said in shock.
"Yes, I will if you keep our secret and help me when I need it. Do we have a deal."
"Sure, Jan anything you need."
"No, Margret anything any of us need in this office is that understood." Jan explained in no uncertain terms.
"Yes, yes that's what I meant I'll help anyone in the office that needs help." Margret said excited about the four thousand a month raise.
"So can we count on you to get the work out for me tomorrow Margret?" Jan asked.
Carl stood on the sidelines and watched the way Jan took control of the situation. "Okay Carl I won't be here tomorrow. Margret, Carl needs the documents by tomorrow night. Thank you for your help, Margret."
The two women walked to Janice's office. "Why did you do that for me Janice."
"Because you deserved it, and you heard me on the phone Margret." Jan smiled at the younger woman. "There's more than one way to skin a gossip." Jan thought with a smile.
Jan called her husband and he let Henri know they would meet with him sometimes tomorrow.
"Let's go out to eat tonight Jan you have been cooking the dinner meals for a while."
"Good Idea, I heard that a restaurant opened in Lenox 'The 110 Grill' you want to try it, I will see if I can get a reservation." They hung up and Jan called for a reservation for two at six, with success.
Jan arrived home at four showered and decided on a green button front dress with sleeves, it was modest, but will be her only garment. She remained nude until her husband came home because she likes the freedom nudity brings her. She has become addicted to 'the freedom'; total nudity along with no undergarments under her dresses brings her. She liked the excitement that she could accidentally expose her breast or pussy to someone other than her husband.
The only hurdle left was to get over the stress that Henri brings to her every time he calls.
Peter came home to his nude wife, as she waited in the open front door for his arrival. She jumped into his arms. When he was around, she felt safe. They hugged.
"Couldn't you get a reservation Jan?"
"I have a reservation for six, but I didn't want to get my dress wrinkled." She giggled.
Peter held his wife's hand as they went to their bedroom, Jan touched up her makeup combed her hair all while completely nude for her husband's visual pleasure. She donned the dress; Peter zipped it up, Jan stepped into her shoes, and they were ready to go.
They walked hand in hand to the SUV and Peter opened the door for his wife as a thank you for being so chivalrous, she spread her legs for him to give him a pussy shot.
They arrived at their destination in a little over fifteen minutes and were seated immediately. They ordered their drinks and then discussed the elephant in the room.
"Why does Henri want to see us tomorrow, Peter?"
"He said something about the opening of the exhibition Jan."
"Oh, I see." she said with a foreboding feeling.
They discussed other things while they ate and decided to go to 'Little Georges' in the morning for breakfast.
Being over sixty and all the sex they had they decided tonight they would relax. Actually, Jan was not in an amorous mood with the prospect of what Henri would put her through the next day. So, they went home cuddled in front of the TV to watch a few movies on Netflix and then went to bed after Lawrence O'donnell.
The alarm roused them. They took their showers, Jan touched up her legs and pubic mound, Put on her makeup. She selected a red button front dress that went to her knees, it had sleeves. Stepped into her shoes and was ready to go. Peter shaved and dressed casually. They were on the road by eight AM and arrived at Little Georges a little after nine fifteen. They sat immediately, ordered, and had a quiet meal. Peter could see Jan was stressed and couldn't do anything about it.
Peter called Henri, on his cell to let him know they would be there in about fifteen minutes. The couple arrived, Peter opened the door for his wife, she gave him a pussy show as she exited. They walked hand in hand into the reception area to be greeted by Monica.
"Hi Jan, you look great, I haven't seen you in over a month and you never called me. Is everything alright with you guys." Monica said as she hugged Jan and Peter.
Peter could tell Monica's only garment was the fancy dress she had on.
"We are alright. I'm just nervous what Henri has in store for me today." Jan answered with anxiety.
"Not to worry Jan, he just wants to go over the opening with you today. You will be worshipped for the beautiful photos of you that will be displayed." Monica answered to alleviate the stress that she could see in Jan's eyes. "Oh, before I forget." Monica went into the back room and came out with an envelope. It contained one hundred one-hundred-dollar bills. She handed it to Jan.
Jan was surprised to receive the cash and she put it in her handbag. She didn't count it. Henri walked out a few minutes later.
"Hi there how are Mr. and Mrs. West today?" Henri asked as he went and kissed the back of Janice's hand.
"I'm good." Peter said.
"I'm nervous as hell." Jan said.
"Jan there's nothing to worry about it's all good. Why don't you come back to the shop where we are working on your photos to see how beautiful you look." Henri said as he took the older woman's hand and led her to the work room where they were enlarging the photos, framing them, and putting the hanging hardware on them. "The exhibition will start in Springfield. I want you to give a speech on your audition experience that will be recorded so that it can be played at every opening in the world Jan." Henri explained.
The couple arrived in the workroom and Janice was taken by surprise. There was a photo of her rectal opening and vagina that you could drive a truck through it was so large. It was bigger than life size. She was struck by the beauty of the photo though; the lighting, and the colors were beautiful. As were all the other photos she looked at. As much as she wanted to be irate, she couldn't because all the photos of her nude body were beautiful.
Her husband was in awe of the intense beauty of all the photos of his wife also. He was mesmerized by them.
After they saw all the photos that were finished Henri said. "We'll go to the casino now so I can show you the exhibition hall that the photos will be shown in. Monica, lock up and come with us."
The group hopped into a Limo for the drive over to MGM. They were dropped off in front of the casino and entered a room where work was being done, it had a small stage. The room could hold about two hundred people.
"Jan, I will have a speech written for you and I want you to make sure you agree with it. It will only be five minutes long. Then you're going to circulate to meet with all the people that will attend your exhibition. That's it." Henri explained.
"I can do that Henri." Jan explained with relief.
"See I told you it was all good, Jan." Monica expressed
.
But in her mind. "What is the rest of the story! It sounds too easy." Jan thought.
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica