"Not the Hitachi," I said. "It's the unsexiest of all sex toys."
Mel's eyebrows shot up. "It works for me."
It was the day before her birthday, and she wanted a special present. I knew she had an exhibitionist streak a mile wide, but even so I was surprised when she told me.
"I'm going to play with myself. And you're going to watch."
It sounded like a present for both of us, and I said so. As long as it wasn't with her Hitachi.
"I wasn't finished." There was an evil glint in her eye. "You're going to be tied up. Hands far away from your cock. You're going to watch, and all your attention is going to be on me."
I was hard as a rock by the time she finished speaking.
So here I was. On my back on the bed, wrists cuffed behind my head. Naked, obviously.
We'd checked into a hotel for the weekend. A fairly posh place in the country. The rooms were in two wings around a courtyard garden. Mel chose the place, I paid. It was her birthday, after all.
I watched as she came in from the bathroom. Her legs were bare, and above she had on the shirt I'd worn to dinner. It suited her better than me, showing off her plump runner's thighs and arse, and the swell of her breasts.
"Are you ready?"
It would have been impossible to deny it, with my cock pointing at my chin and twitching occasionally.
She stood at the foot of the bed and unbuttoned the shirt. I caught a flash of her belly as it fell open. She kept the material close around her, hiding the secrets underneath as she climbed onto the bed. Then she let go and leaned forward, placing her hands on opposite sides of my legs.
I lifted my head as far as I could, pressing my chin into my chest until my stubble scratched the skin. Mel's boobs hung down, cupped by burgundy lace that just about covered her nipples.
She was watching me. There was a smile on her lips, but they were moist too, and slightly open. She enjoyed it when I stared at her. Fair enough, I enjoyed it too.
The material was slightly loose just below her shoulders, and I could see where the olive flesh folded, how it trembled slightly with her breath. The tiny mole I'd discovered and kissed a hundred times was sexy all by itself.
She leaned forward a little more, her smiling eyes still on me, and rubbed the fabric of her bra softly over my legs. It was a promise of things to come. I might have whimpered.
I know for sure I gave a moan as she began to crawl up my body, touching me from time to time with her bra or the skin of her thighs. She did it ever so slowly, ever so deliberately. It seemed to take an age before her face was level with mine.
I strained to press up against her, but she moved out of reach. "No no, not yet. You're just going to watch." Her face lowered until her lips almost touched mine. "In fact," she breathed, "for now you're not even going to watch."
"Wh--" I began, but she pushed off me and reached for the eye-mask on her nightstand. It was thick and padded, and Mel used it whenever she wasn't sleeping in her own bedroom.
I struggled against my constraints, but she quickly had the mask over my head. It blocked out everything. "Shh," she whispered in my ear. I could feel her curls tickle my chest and my neck. Her perfume was still on the mask.
I felt the mattress shift and her weight move away. Soft footsteps on the carpet, moving to the window. The sound of her pulling on the cord to draw the curtains. That was a relief: so far, the light gauze of the blinds had been the only barrier to keep prying eyes out. With twilight setting in, anyone would be able to peer in and see what was happening.
More footsteps, a soft click, and light crept round the edges of the mask.
"That's better," I heard Mel say.
Sounds of her rummaging around in her bag, by her nightstand. She was humming to herself. It always made me happy to hear, because it meant she was happy too. I thought I recognised Billy Idol. "Flesh for Fantasy" of course.
The mattress shifted again as I felt her weight join mine. First one foot, then the other. She positioned herself above me again, this time standing with one foot on either side of my chest.
"Look at you," she whispered. "All mine."
"All yours," I replied, straining against my bonds again.
"And I'll be all yours soon." Her voice was like melted chocolate. "Yours to use. To touch, to stroke. I'm imagining it already. What your fingers will feel like on my skin."
I could picture her standing above me: legs slightly apart, the burgundy lace of her jockey hugging the contours of her pussy and following the line where thigh met body. Her stomach above, with just enough feminine roundness to cover the muscle beneath. The dent of her belly button. Then the lace of her bra sweeping out as it clung to her breasts, and above her face looking down at me, framed by her dark curls.
"I'm touching myself like I want you to touch me," she continued, and I pictured her hands brushing her skin. "I'm running my hands down my neck, over my chest. I can feel my boobs. They feel nice."
They always felt nice. I felt a cool wetness on my stomach as a drop of precum oozed from my cock.
"But I'm still wearing my bra." She sounded coquettish. "I can only touch the top half of my boobs. The rest is covered by this lacy material." There was a pause, and I tried to imagine what she was doing. "It feels nice too, but actually I think I prefer my skin. There, like that, just sliding my fingertips underneath."
Her weight shifted on the mattress.
"So much more skin. So soft. Hmmm." There was a breathy moan. "Those are my nipples. They're hard. Can you picture them? They're poking through my bra."
A gasp.
"I'm pinching them through the material. It feels good. It hurts, but it's a good hurt." Another gasp. "Like when you bite them."
I'd bitten them just the other day. She'd been on her back, I was on top, and I kissed my way down from her neck, across the mounds of flesh to her nipples...
"But I want to feel more." Again her weight shifted, and a moment later I heard something soft land on the bed beside me. "That's better. They like to be free. And now I can touch them properly."
In my mind I saw her with her hands cupping her boobs. They were a little more than a handful for me, and she had smaller hands. But they were firm, with barely any sag. And they'd be swelling with arousal, so the veins showed through the thin skin on the underside.
And her nipples... Small and dark, almost purple against the burned caramel of her skin. When she was horny they became puffy, pointing slightly upwards -- the left one a little more than the right.
Two breasts, just slightly different, but both perfect.
Above me Mel's breath was punctuated by small moans. "This is nice. But I prefer your hands. You'll have to stroke them later. Will you do that?"
"Yes!" My voice sounded strangled in my ears. "I promise!"
A low chuckle from above. "I'll hold you to that. Do you think they won't feel neglected then if I move my hands down?"
"I'll make it up to them." I blew her a kiss.
"Good." I heard her blow a kiss back. "Because my hands are already at my knickers. What do you think, should my fingers go under the waistband, or over?"
Either worked for me. The thought of her fingers sliding into her jockey was hot, but I also loved to watch her rub herself through the material, see her fingers press the material against her lips and into her entrance...
"Over," I croaked.
"Alright." A soft moan. "Good idea. The lace feels sexy against my pussy. I'm tracing the edge down, down to between my legs. Ooh, this feels good... My skin is tingling, like when you lick me there..."
I did like licking her there, exciting the nerve endings in the skin around her mound, where thigh met body, before I turned my attention to her pussy.
"It's nice and smooth. And the lace is rough to the touch. Smooth, and rough. Smooth, and rough."
I could picture her fingers moving from flesh to fabric and back.
"But the rest of me wants to play too. Hmm, my pussy wants to feel my fingers... ah, that's good. I'm pressing--" There was a moist sound, and Mel giggled. "Did you hear that? That's how wet I am. I'm soaking through my knickers."
"Let me go!" I begged. "I want to taste you!"
"Taste me? You're disgusting! You want to put your lips here? Run your tongue up and down? Lick me?" Her breath was ragged. "You can't. I'm still wearing my knickers. And you're still tied up."
My moan of frustration mingled with her moan of pleasure. "How about I take them off? That puts us halfway there."
I nodded fiercely. "Off with them!"
"Hmm, hook my thumbs under the waistband. Roll them down... Look, what's that? A patch of hair. Short and curly. Hmm, it seems to be a bit sticky. How do you think that happened?"
"Because... because you're so hot," I managed.
"So hot," she sighed. "So hot."
I felt the mattress shift with her weight, then bounce up and down. She gave a muffled curse, and I could sense her fighting for balance. Then she steadied. "That's better. Here, these are for you."
I flinched as something fell on my face. It was too light and soft to hurt, but it startled me. I opened my mouth to speak, but then her scent hit my nostrils. I inhaled deeply. "Hmm," I said. "I smell you." I felt a bit foolish, speaking through the jockey.
"Do you like it?"
I inhaled again. "You know I do."
"Do you like how I taste?" The moist sound again. "Shall I taste for you? Hmm." She sounded muffled, then I heard her slurp. "Sweet. Sweet and creamy. That's how I taste. I think I'll taste again."
My whole body was straining against my bonds now. "Please," I begged, "please!"
"Not yet. But don't worry, I want you just as much as you want me. I can't wait to feel you inside me. In fact," her voice trailed off for a moment, "in fact, I'm going to pretend this is you."
"Wh-- what's me?" But I could imagine.
"This toy. You know the one. The purple one."
Mel had several toys -- including the unsexy Hitachi -- but the purple dildo was her favourite.
"It's just the right size to get me ready for you. It feels nice, rubbing along my slit." There was a catch in her voice. "You know, I think perhaps I'll let you watch for this."
"Yes!" I didn't try to hide my eagerness. "I want to see it!"
"Say please."
"Please, Mel, let me watch, please?" I wasn't ashamed to beg.
Her weight shifted again, and I felt her kneel down. Soft hairs brushed against my thigh. Her breath was close.
Her knickers slid off my face onto the mattress. Mel's face was almost pressed against mine. Her nipples brushed across my chest.
Her fingers came up to the mask and lifted it off just enough for me to see her peering into my eyes. There was a smile on her lips, like I'd known there would be. "Are you ready to watch?"
I couldn't stop myself from smiling back. She was so beautiful, so sexy! "Ready and eager."
Her lips pressed against mine, and the tip of her tongue flashed out to lick them. Then she pulled the mask from my head and tossed it aside.
As she rose I saw her naked body. The light gleamed on her brown skin, accentuating her curves. Her breasts wobbled slightly with her movement, and my eyes followed them like a small mammal mesmerised by a snake.
The purple dildo was in her hand. She positioned herself over me again, legs on either side of my chest. The dark curls covering her mound were sticky where her lips showed through.
Never breaking eye-contact, she brought the toy between her legs and rubbed it along her slit. Once, twice, a third time. Then she pulled her lips apart with her other hand and placed the silicon head against her entrance.
"I'm going to fuck myself now," she breathed. I nodded.
I watched as she pressed it up. Her eyes closed and she took a deep breath. The purple head, already slick with her arousal, slid inside her easily. She pushed the dildo halfway inside her, then opened her eyes again. "Can you see?"
I raised my body, straining against the bonds, straining to get a closer look. "Come here," I groaned. "Let me-- What's that?!"
She followed my gaze to the window behind her. "It's the window."
"I thought you closed the curtains!" In fact, she'd drawn the blinds back. The view out of the window was unobstructed, from floor to ceiling. More importantly, so was the view in.
"Why would I close the curtains?" She turned back, grinning. "There's a couple watching us. Opposite side of the courtyard."
I strained to look around her. The shock had turned my cock soft. Or at least only half as hard as it had been. "Close them!"
"Shh," she whispered. "Never mind those people. Look up here."
I glanced up, and the sight was enough to distract me.
The purple toy, framed by dark curly hairs, was half in and half out of her pussy. Her dark pink lips seemed to be pursed around it, sucking it in as she moved it slightly with her fingertips.
With her free hand, she reached up and clutched at her breast. Both nipples were swollen. "You know what I'm going to do?" she whispered. "I'm going to fuck myself, imagining it's your cock inside me, your hands on me." She thrust the dildo in and out. "And then... when I'm nearly there..." She grunted. "When I'm nearly there... I'm going to take... take this toy out... and fuck you."
By now my cock was hard again. I no longer cared about open curtains, watching eyes. All I wanted was to see Mel fuck herself with that purple dildo.
In and out it went, slowly at first, then faster. The toy was shiny with her wetness. At one point she switched hands and played with her button for a few minutes. Her breath was rasping in her throat, loud enough for me to hear.
"It's getting close," she moaned. "Are you ready for me? Do you want to stick your cock inside me?"
I was beyond speech. My cock strained, pulsing, like it was searching for the warm pussy it knew was nearby. I leaned forward as far as I could, trying to breathe in Mel's scent, feel the warmth of her body.
Suddenly she pulled the toy out and tossed it onto the bed. Kneeling down, she reached for my cock and guided it to her entrance. Without waiting, she sank onto it with a loud moan.
I felt her warmth slide over me, grasp me tightly. Her thighs settled on mine. "I love this," she murmured, leaning forward to kiss my neck. Her boobs squashed against my chest. I could feel her nipples like two hard bullets pressing into me.
I tried to turn my head to return the kiss, but she pushed herself upright. She was gorgeous to behold, sitting proud on my cock, head thrown back and breasts pointing forward.
With her hands resting lightly on my stomach, she began to rise and fall deliberately. Each movement brought a grunt, a moan, a whimper from both of us. With my hands still tied I had little leverage, but I thrust up against her as hard as I could, my cock eager to explode inside her.
She was getting close, I could tell. Her breathing caught in her throat, and a red flush spread downward from her neck. "Coming," she whispered, "coming..."
That one word was enough to light the spark inside me too. I let it build carefully, allowing it to swell without losing control. I felt it tingling in my belly, in my toes, in the base of my skull.
Mel fell forward on top of me, still riding up and down. Her hands clutched at my head, and her face was pressed into my neck. Her breathing was loud and irregular, almost desperate. My lips found her ear and I kissed it, then moved down to suck at her neck.
This tipped her over the edge. With a grunt she froze, then thrust herself down onto my cock. "Yes," she whispered in my ear, "yes, yes..." Her body shook and convulsed.
Just feeling her climax on top of me set me off too. I gave a strangled moan and pushed up against her, white fire burning through my veins as I felt myself release again and again.
We lay there together for an eternity. She was whimpering softly in my ear. I wanted to put my arms around her, pull her close, but my hands were still tied. Eventually I recovered my breath enough to whisper, "Mel? My hands...?"
"Hmm?" She raised her head. "Oh. Sorry."
She stretched out and unfastened my hands one by one. I took the opportunity to kiss her neck and the skin above her breasts. As soon as I was free she collapsed on top of me again. This time I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight.
"That was incredible," I murmured.
"Hmm," she said again. "Sorry about the curtain."
I'd forgotten. Raising my head, I glanced at the window. Across the courtyard I could see movement at the window in one of the rooms. A couple, Mel had said.
My cock was still inside her. I ran my hands over her back, down to her arse, stroking her softly, teasing with my fingertips. The thought of strangers watching was more arousing than I'd ever imagined. Then I realised it wasn't the thought of being watched. It was the thought of Mel being excited -- by being watched, and by me not caring.
She must have felt me swelling up inside her, because she raised her head slightly. "What's going on?"
By now I was fully hard again, buried deep inside her. Grasping her arse, I rolled her over onto her back, following until I was on my knees between her legs. "What's going on is we're going to give those people another show."
She glanced past me at the window, then a happy smile appeared on her lips. A hand reached up to brush away the hair that was stuck to her forehead. "Are you sure?"
"Why?" I said, thrusting into her. "Doesn't it feel like I'm sure?"
She squealed and reached up for me. I leaned down and gave her a long kiss. Her legs came up and around my waist, and her hips rose up to meet mine.
"Let's give them something nicer to look at than my arse," I said.
She pouted. "You have a pretty arse." But she didn't protest when I pulled her onto her knees and positioned myself behind her. The window was to our right, giving our audience a clear view.
I took hold of her hips and thrust away at her. Our thighs slapped against each other, and the room filled with the sounds and scents of our fucking. I didn't realise how loud we were until someone banged on the wall.
We both giggled, slowing to a halt. Mel raised her head. "Sorry!" she called out, still giggling.
After that we went slower. I bent forward and moved my hands to her breasts. Squeezing them, I rolled her nipples between my fingers to draw gasps. Her arse was round against my stomach.
"Change," she breathed, pulling herself free.
"What do you want?"
She motioned me off the bed. "Stand here." She lay down, stretched out along the bed. Taking my hand, she guided it between her legs. I felt her arousal, the hardness of her clit pressing out between her lips.
She took my cock in her hand and tugged. It was slick with her wetness, the head swollen and purple.
As I began to rub her with two fingertips, she took me into her mouth and sucked. Her hand tugged on my shaft. I fought to keep my knees steady as sensations rippled through me. She was bucking her hips at me as well, writhing under my fingers.
"Coming," I whispered. She only gave a slight nod, still sucking and tugging. I felt the explosion build up swiftly, pressing against the wall and then bursting through. With a roar I released, the first spurt into her mouth, the next onto her face as she gave a cry and fell back. Her body shuddered as I continued to rub, and I jerked as she tugged the last few drops from me.
This time I knew my knees wouldn't hold me, and I let myself fall on top of her on the bed. My cum had hit her on the cheek, and I wiped it away. She gave me a look of thanks, but no words came out.
Realising I was squashing her, I pulled myself forward until I was lying next to her, reaching for a pillow as I went. I tucked it under my head, then pulled Mel against me so she was resting on my chest. Her knee came up to lie on my thigh, her arm slipped around my chest.
We lay there, waiting for our breathing to return to normal. I risked a glance outside. The curtain on the far side of the courtyard had been pulled to, but I could dimly make out forms moving rhythmically.
"I think they're having sex now."
Mel lifted her head and peered round. "Of course. Who wouldn't, after what we just showed them?" She turned her head back to me and pulled me towards her. Our lips met and she gave me a lingering kiss. "Thank you."
I looked in her eyes, and kissed her back. "Happy birthday."