Joe walked slowly around the bedroom, listening intently. He could hear the shower running, and quickly he got out his phone and switched it to video mode. He peeked around the corner of the half-open door, not knowing if she'd be looking his way or not. He was in luck, she was facing the other way towards the wall.
Soap-suds ran down her back as she washed the shampoo from her hair, as she did so she twisted, those glorious 36D tits coming into view. Joe zoomed in a little more, getting a close-up shot of the water running through her cleavage. The water splashing down from her head kept her eyes closed, perfect for him. He pointed the phone towards her hand, washing soap from her tits, then down across her stomach, down further until, fuck, she was masturbating.
He watched as she lifted a leg onto the side of the glass, giving herself better access, fingers sliding into her pussy. She groaned, fingers moving faster, the other hand gripping and playing with her nipples. Joe stared, phone zoomed out to see all of her body, his cock now fully erect watching the show before his eyes. She came, her body shuddering, then opened her eyes.
"Joe, what the fuck, are you filming me again?" she shouted, then started laughing.
Joe laughed too.
"You know I can't resist catching you unawares Alice," he chuckled, "any way you know you like to watch back afterwards too."
He walked towards her, cock in hand, and now she'd stopped the shower he opened the door and stepped in. Alice dutifully sank to her knees, sucking his cock until he shot over the shower floor.
Both thirty years old, Joe and Alice had been married for ten years. They had no children, not for want of trying, but it wasn't the end of the world for them. It meant no interruptions to their alone time when they were at home together. Alice worked in a local University doing admin work four days a week, her usual work attire was a blouse and skirt. Quite often she'd come back after wearing stockings all day, worked up after being around good-looking lads from the age of eighteen upwards, a few of whom had made it obvious from their staring what they'd do to her given half the chance.
She was open with Joe about it, Joe had laughed saying they were only thinking what he did when they'd first met. Joe worked for a security firm, his particular job was watching cameras all day. He had a particularly good eye, spotting things others sometimes missed, and the others didn't mind him manning the camera office as most found it boring in there. Joe preferred it, mostly because it meant being on his own all day. It was where he'd had the idea of Alice wearing glasses to work one day, special glasses that Joe had borrowed from work.
They'd watched the footage together that night, the glasses having a small camera fitted right above the nose, so it filmed where Alice looked. Joe got first-hand footage of a couple of, in Alice's words, the most attractive lads at Uni, trying to get Alice to meet them later for a drink. Her wedding ring obviously didn't put them off trying, but Alice had politely declined, not before opening another button to tease them more. They'd both laughed about how halfway through the conversation neither had bothered looking into her eyes as they spoke, instead trying to get as good a look at her ample bosom as possible.
Alice had gotten used to Joe filming her now, she'd always liked doing stripteases or lap dances for him, enjoying the look of pure lust on his face as he watched her, now and again Joe had hidden his phone around their bedroom to get footage of her getting changed, or showering in the ensuite, most often with Alice finding the camera quite easily. She didn't mind as she liked watching herself too, there was something she found quite erotic about her about walking around naked doing natural things. Sometimes while Joe was at work, she'd film herself while doing the ironing, or cleaning the floors, mundane housework jobs, always naked. She very rarely wore clothes around the house unless she knew someone was visiting.
One of their favourite videos was of her cleaning the shower out. She'd seen Joe's phone quite early on but kept up the pretence that she didn't know. She cleaned the glass with a sponge, having to bend to use the fresh water out of the bucket she had, each time keeping her legs straight. Then she'd got down on all fours to clean the shower floor, her big round arse pointing straight at the camera. She'd parted her legs a little, turning slightly to the side so the camera could see her tits swinging with her movements. Just as she'd finished cleaning, she put the sponge back into the soapy water, turned to smile at the camera, and squeezed the sponge onto the small of her back so the soapy water cascaded down her arse cheeks and dripped down off her pussy. She'd been so turned on she told Joe it was a pity he didn't have a phone set up in the bedroom, that would have been some video to watch back.
Joe stood in the kitchen finishing making his lunch for the day when Alice came wandering in, naked as per usual and not taking much notice of walking past windows. Joe wondered at times if she did so on purpose, making a point of watering the plants on their various window sills around the house. He looked at her fine figure, cursing having to go to work, but he knew she'd be getting dressed herself soon.
"Any plans for your day off tomorrow?" she asked him.
"No, not really, it depends on the weather. If it's raining I'll probably catch up on some TV," he answered, "do you have any plans for Wednesday?"
"No, same as you probably," Alice responded.
Joe always had Tuesdays off work, having to work a weekend day as part of his rota. He'd tried to change to having Wednesday off but it had fallen on deaf ears. It would have been nice to have the same day off as Alice, but there was no point arguing too much with his boss.
Work had gone well, then towards the end of his shift, his bosses called a meeting. They were trialling a new camera for use in stores, called The Eye. This upgraded their previous model that had a forward-looking sensor, this new version could be controlled by a laptop. The camera itself fitted into a wall socket or a smoke detector and could be directed to different angles using the arrow keys on the keyboard. Joe's mind was whirring, and he asked his boss if he could try one at home. They had five prototypes and wanted staff to take them and try them anyway, Joe agreeing readily.
He waved Alice off the next day, then quickly hurried up to their bedroom. There was a double plug socket halfway up a wall, next to Alice's dressing table. That would be ideal as it faced towards their bed from her side. He set another up on the wall at the bottom of their bed where their bedroom TV was plugged in, and then the last of the triple set was set in their smoke alarm on the ceiling.
Joe switched on the laptop, checked each camera and made slight alterations. Now as he switched between cameras while he walked around the room, there was nowhere he wasn't in view. This could be fun he thought to himself. He made a point of not mentioning them, to test whether Alice noticed or not. At work the next day he got a prompt that someone was close to one of them, clicking his laptop on. Alice sat at her dressing table, naked as usual, her eyes looking almost directly at the camera.
He could see her looking around now and again, walking the room and moving books and ornaments, looking for telltale lights from a phone. Seeing nothing, she shrugged her shoulders and sighed. She lay on the bed, fingers straying across her body, masturbating slowly, still peering around the room in case she'd missed something. She had no idea that Joe watched her entire performance.
"I was surprised to not find a phone of yours today," Alice told him when he got home.
"Oh, why, what have you been getting up to?" he asked, smiling.
"Nothing in particular, if you'd filmed you'd have seen for yourself," Alice laughed.
Over the next couple of days, he kept footage of Alice, mainly playing hide and seek, seemingly getting dismayed that either Joe wasn't filming her, or that she couldn't find the phone. Saturday arrived and as Joe went to go to work, he opened the door to see a delivery driver coming up the path. The driver handed him the package, marked for Alice. He handed the box to her, seeing the look of excitement on her face, and then headed off to work. Before he'd even got there he was getting notifications that she'd walked past the cameras.
As soon as he got in he set down his laptop and switched it on, selecting the camera by the dressing table. The open box was on the bed. He switched between cameras but couldn't see Alice, then she walked back in through the bedroom door from the landing, a flushed look on her face. She walked around the bed towards her chest of drawers. Joe switched to the ceiling camera, just in time to see Alice pushing something onto the drawer.
She stepped back, looking pleased with herself, and turned and got on all fours. Joe zoomed in, just as Alice pushed herself back onto a suction dildo she'd stuck to the drawer. Joe gasped, he had what he thought was a very decent-sized cock at 8" erect, the dildo looked a lot bigger and thicker. Even more to his amazement, Alice soon had the entire dildo inside her pussy. He watched as she pushed her hips back, one hand on the bed and the other pinching and rubbing her nipples, and then he saw her cry out as she came, her hips bucking as she rode through her orgasm.
He watched her four more times during the day, each time she stuck the dildo to a different surface, and each time she rode it until she came hard. The last time he saw her look at the time, realised he'd be finishing work soon, and he watched as she stood on the bed and moved a box, hiding the dildo behind it. He wondered whether
it would change things between them, but after fucking her for the third time that night his question was answered.
He didn't mention the cameras, it was easier to have her think there weren't any about. He did leave his spare phone lying about the day after, Alice noticing it and masturbating for his viewing pleasure, without the dildo this time.
On Tuesday the following week just before she went out to work she asked him if he'd remembered the builders coming the following week.
"Builders, god no, I completely forgot," he told her.
"Well, it's a good job I asked for the week off or they wouldn't have been able to access the house would they?" she frowned at him.
"I'm really sorry," he replied, "I'll make it up to you."
"No, it's fine, to punish you I might just walk around naked as usual for them just to spite you," she laughed.
"I'd better leave a phone or two around then," Joe laughed back.
Joe had forgotten they were having the kitchen re-fitted with new worktops and a lot of tiling to be done around the new units they had bought. He wandered into the kitchen to make a coffee when his phone rang. His boss was ringing to tell him because they'd given good feedback on The Eye cameras, and had placed a very lucrative order for them, the supplier had told them they could keep the prototypes, and to check his email for an update. Quickly he switched it on and checked the update. There was a sensor in each camera that could allow for sound too. Joe's eyes lit up.
Quickly he downloaded the update and then went upstairs. Clicking on the camera he could hear as he muttered random things to test it out. He sat on the bed, checking the cameras. He could probably move the one from the smoke detector, the other two covered most of the bedroom. He removed it and wandered about, then went back downstairs. He thought about Alice joking about walking around naked for the builders and wondered what they'd be saying if she did so. He looked around. There was no point putting one in the kitchen itself in case they moved the sockets. Their kitchen and living room were essentially one big room with a couple of small walls as dividers. He found a socket, and put the camera in, then walked to the far end of the kitchen and started talking. It worked, he could hear himself.
The following morning he noticed a box on the kitchen table as he was doing his breakfast. Alice came in and picked up the box, pecked him on the cheek and told him she was going to shower as she was going out shopping as it was her day off. Before he went to work Joe sneaked upstairs. An open box sat on the bed, familiar moaning sounds coming from the ensuite. He walked over slowly and quietly, peering through the door, where Alice was pushing back against the dildo she'd stuck to the shower door, her buttocks squashing as she took the dildo in.
Of all the days for Joe to be busy at work, today was the worst. His phone kept pinging notifications about someone setting off the cameras, but a series of meetings and online talks with suppliers kept him busy. After getting home and having something to eat, Alice kept him busy for the rest of the night.
The following morning after Alice had already showered and gone downstairs, Joe stood on the bed and put his hand to where he'd seen Alice stash the dildo, pulling it out into view. If it had looked big on camera, it looked bigger still holding it in his hand. He'd never had a problem with the size of his cock before, but holding this 12" replica cock in his hand wasn't doing him any favours. Quickly he put it back where he'd found it.
Late on Sunday, they were sitting on the sofa watching, Alice playfully trying to distract Joe by playing with his cock. She unzipped him and pulled his semi-erect cock into view, lowering her head and kissing it gently on the tip, looking up into his eyes and smiling each time.
"Are you going to leave a phone out tomorrow?" she giggled.
"I wasn't, why?" Joe asked.
"Because the builders will be here silly, and I might be in a playful mood," Alice smiled and winked.
"How playful?" Joe quizzed.
"Well, if they're unlucky I may forget to put any clothes on," Alice giggled again.
"Well, no fucking them then," Joe told her.
"Oh, spoilsport," she cried out, "only joking, you know I wouldn't cheat on you," she continued.
She lowered her mouth onto his cock and sucked him until he came down her throat, then slid up his body and rode him hard. The rest of the film was forgotten about.
Joe woke the next morning and told Alice he had to go to work a little earlier, picking up his stuff and leaving before she got the chance to say too much to him. Quickly he drove down the road and then stopped on a quiet side road, turning on his laptop he'd put on the passenger seat, selecting the camera in the living room. He phoned his boss and told him his car had broken down and he'd be in as soon as possible.
Ten minutes later she saw Alice go to open the front door. While she had at least put some clothes on, what she'd selected was a black lace robe over a black lace bra and thong set. The robe was loosely tied around her waist. She smiled and opened the door, telling them to come in. Three bemused faces entered the room seeing her state of undress. She closed the door and turned to see them staring.
"Oh don't mind me, I haven't normally got anything on at this time of the morning," she laughed.
Two of the guys were in their forties, the other early twenties. The younger of the three couldn't stop staring at Alice's tits, and I saw on camera that she'd noticed too.
"So, how long will it take then?" Alice asked, showing them the kitchen.
"Probably three days," one of the older guys told her, "one to rip the units out and get the walls prepared, one to put all the units and appliances in place, then we'll do all the tiling on day three."
"Sounds good," Alice responded, "I'd better go upstairs and get some clothes on."
"You don't have to," the younger guy laughed.
"But then will you get any work done while you're staring at my tits?" Alice quizzed, laughing as she said it.
She waved and walked off upstairs. One of the older guys playfully punched the younger one on his arm. I heard him ask if he'd not seen how big her tits were, how her nipples poked out of the material, how round her arse was. The other laughed and said she was cock teasing him.
Alice came downstairs a little later. She had dressed but had put on a tight white t-shirt with a v-neck that plunged towards her cleavage, and a skirt I'd only seen her wear once, it barely covered her arse. She sat reading for a bit, crossing and uncrossing her legs now and again, every so often she'd go into the kitchen to see what they were up to. She made a point of standing and talking to one of them while they were up a ladder, so as they answered they looked directly down into her cleavage.
Joe looked at the time, he was going to have to go to work now. He quickly checked the bedroom cameras but could see no sign of her phone being left about. Getting home later he asked Alice how her teasing had gone.
"How do you know?" Alice frowned.
"Just a lucky guess, I know what you're like," Joe laughed.
"The younger of the three couldn't stop staring at my tits," Alice laughed.
"Hopefully it's sunny tomorrow then," Joe told her.
"Why is that then?" Alice asked puzzled.
"Be a good excuse to wear that bikini," Joe winked.
Alice knew which bikini he meant immediately. She'd bought it for a holiday last year and hadn't tried it on first. Putting it on in the hotel room she'd realised that the top was a size too small, her already big tits spilt even more out of the sides of the fabric. The thong bikini bottom hadn't left much to the imagination either. Slightly luckier instead of staying around the pool they'd gone to the beach. Just lying sunbathing Joe had told her she was getting plenty of attention. When she went for a dip in the sea and then walked back to Joe, he'd pointed out she was getting a lot more attention now due to the mint green costume almost see-through when wet.
Joe woke the following morning, glad he didn't have to go to work today. 8.30 am and it was already ridiculously warm outdoors. Alice was already in the shower, her mint green bikini on the bed ready. He lay in bed, stroking his cock playfully as Alice came back in drying herself with a towel. She laughed at him as she put the bikini on, then picked up the towel.
"Stay up here a bit, I'm going to play young Danny up," Alice giggled, "you should be able to see from the top of the stairs."
She wrapped the towel around herself so the bikini couldn't be seen, holding it shut with one hand. The door knocked and she went down to answer it, letting the guys in. Danny's eyes lit up seeing her state of undress again. As she shut the door she moved her hand and let the towel drop.
"Oops, it's a good job I have this on," Alice cried out.
"Fuck sake I thought you were going to be naked underneath," Danny laughed.
"You should be so lucky!" Alice joked.
Joe walked down the stairs, seeing Danny's smile leave his face upon seeing him.
"Don't mind us, we'll be out in the back garden if you need anything," he told them.
They lazed about for a while, Joe making Alice keep going in to make drinks. After a while, Alice went inside and sat at the dining table they'd moved into the living room while the work was being done. She'd been in the pool, at Joe's instructions, and her nipples showed through the material. She poured the guys a drink, then asked them if they wanted a break, saying it would be nice to have a conversation with someone as Joe had fallen asleep in the sun.
They sat around the table, Joe listening from outside, his eyes closed in case one of them came to check on him. The conversation changed when Alice asked if they had wives or girlfriends. Ian and Pete were both married, Danny said he had a girlfriend,
but they hadn't been going out long. Ian said it was because he kept jumping from girl to girl and laughed. Pete said if he was young and looked like Danny he would too.
Alice looked at Danny and asked what she was like. He took his phone out and showed her a picture of a very pretty redhead, busty but not as big as Alice, telling her she was twenty-two like he was.
"Do you like other men staring at her tits?" Alice asked.
"What, no, erm I mean, erm I don't know," he answered, knowing she'd asked as he was staring at hers again.
"Do you think she'd look good in this bikini?" Alice said.
"Probably not as good as you do," Danny answered.
"Show her the other picture," Pete laughed.
Danny told him to be quiet but got his phone out anyway. He passed it over to Alice. It was the same pretty redhead, this time wearing a black corset that pushed her tits up, with a black thong, topped off with black stockings. It was a tasteful shot, taken herself in a mirror as her phone was in her hand. Ian laughed and told her to scroll back, grabbing Danny's hands as he tried to snatch the phone back. Alice scrolled back, picture after picture of scantily clad ladies, most the same age as Danny, a few older. Most were similar tasteful shots, some topless but wearing thongs or g-strings and stockings, then the next picture made Alice gasp out loud, dropping the phone onto the table.
"Shit, you weren't supposed to see that one," Danny said.
The picture was of an older lady, probably mid-forties, kneeling and cupping her tits. Her eyes were closed, mainly due to the amount of semen streaked across her face, some across her tits, and some could be seen splashed across her stocking-clad legs. Alice looked across at Danny.
"That's some load, how many times was that?" she laughed.
"That's who I lost my virginity to last year," Danny answered bashfully, "but it wasn't all me honest."
"One of the first jobs he did with us, he'd been gone a while with the lady of the house so Pete and I went looking for him," Ian said, "caught him upstairs just adding his fifth load over her and she looked distraught at being caught, offered to blow us both too so we didn't tell her hubby."
Joe decided it was time to intervene and walked into the room, rubbing his eyes as though he'd just woken. Later when they'd gone Alice asked why he'd come in then, she wanted to see where the conversation would go. Joe told her it would add to the suspense for the guys, with them wondering if she'd act on their little story.
"You don't think it was true? But I saw the photos," Alice asked.
"Planted by Danny to gauge your reaction perhaps? Ask yourself if that particular photo just happened to be mixed in with the more tame ones?" Joe told her.
"Hm, I didn't think of that, he did let me look through his phone quite easily too," Alice said, "Do you think he wants to fuck me?"
"I'd be very surprised if all three of them didn't with your lack of clothes so far this week," Joe laughed, "but you're not going to, are you?"
"No dear, it won't go that far," Alice winked.
Joe woke early the following morning, showering and dressing and then sorting some money out for his dinner, he'd decided to get fast food rather than take sandwiches. Alice awoke with a broad grin on her face, smiling at Joe.
"I had some lovely thoughts in my dreams," she giggled, "are you setting a phone up?"
"I'd love to, but I can't find my spare one and my boss will be ringing today so I can't leave my usual one," Joe lied.
"No problem, stand at the top of the stairs on the landing," Alice instructed.
Joe looked at her puzzled but did as she asked. He watched as she placed a vase at the back of her dressing table, put her phone against it and turned it on, then put another vase in front.
"Can you see the light?" she asked.
Joe shook his head to say no. Alice moved the phone slightly until Joe could be seen on screen properly.
"That should do," Alice said laughing, "now let's sort some clothes out. Don't you have work to go to?"
Joe watched for a little while as Alice started getting various items of lingerie out of her drawer before putting them on the bed. She turned and waved Joe away, telling him to go. As he got to the front door and opened it, the guys were just parking up.
"Just off to work lads, Alice is still upstairs, I've left the door so you can go in," he smiled.
He saw the happy looks on their faces as he told them. He got into his car and drove to work as quickly as he could, switching his laptop on as soon as he'd settled in.
Alice stood in their bedroom, hearing voices downstairs. Joe must have let them in, time to start her plan. She walked downstairs, a silk robe fastened around her waist, barely hiding the black basque and stockings she had on. Her heart fluttered as she moved down the stairs and into the living room, seeing Ian and Pete in the kitchen. As she walked towards them, she saw Danny and her heart fluttered again, as he was stood up a ladder, taut torso on show as he'd removed his t-shirt, wearing shorts and trainers only. His shorts were tightened at the front, showing a sizeable bulge. He turned and looked at Alice.
"Hot," he muttered.
"Thanks," Alice smiled.
"No, I meant it's very hot, the weather," he stammered, "but you're hot too."
Alice laughed and teased him that she knew what he'd meant. She asked if the guys had got drinks, she hadn't realised they were here yet and had been trying on some new lingerie.
"I want to surprise Joe when he gets back tonight," she giggled.
She stood next to Danny, his crotch at head height to her. She looked up at the wall he was doing, her hand brushing against the soft skin of his thigh, feeling him jump a little at her touch.
"How long?" she asked.
"How long what?" he asked.
"To finish off in here?" she asked.
"About an hour with the three of us tiling," Pete told her.
"An hour. Hmm okay, I'll be upstairs if you need anything, got a few more things to try on," she told them.
She sashayed back to the stairs feeling three sets of eyes on her arse. She paused halfway up, bending to scratch a non-existent itch on her ankle. Getting into the bedroom, she stood where she'd marked with a sock on the floor earlier, knowing her phone would look behind her at whoever was on the landing. She took off the robe and basque but left the stockings on. She placed her hand between her legs, feeling how wet she was already.
Keeping her back to the landing, she picked up a black corset, slipped it on and fastened it to the stockings. She heard soft footsteps coming up the stairs, and standing up used the mirror on her dressing table to glance behind herself. She could just about see Danny, poised a few steps down, just his head in view as he stared at Alice. Alice bent again, keeping her legs straight as she adjusted her stockings, hearing him gasp softly behind her.
She stood, trying her hardest not to look back again in case she caught his eye. She cupped her tits, pushing them upwards, sighing with pleasure as she did so.
"Alice you dirty bitch, you look so fuckable," she told herself for the phone and her willing viewer on the stairs. Taking a deep breath, she removed the corset and picked out a lace babydoll set. This time she twisted and turned, knowing Danny would be able to see her nipples, sticking out fully erect, trying to break through the flimsy material. She heard a sound on the landing as a floorboard creaked.
"Hello?" she called out.
"Don't mind me, just needed to use the toilet," she heard Danny call out.
She knew her phone would have seen him walk past the open doorway and walk past. Quickly she stood on the bed, took down the box, and removed a dildo from inside. She moved to the landing, held the dildo on the floor and lowered onto it. Soaking wet, she took the dildo in easily, biting on her finger to subdue her moans of pleasure both from Ian and Pete downstairs, but also from Danny just feet away from her on the toilet.
Hearing the toilet flush she quickly got up, still holding the dildo inside her pussy she rushed into her bedroom, getting to the other side of the bed just as Danny opened the toilet door.
Oh fuck, oh fuck, That was such a turn on she thought to herself, Danny could so easily have caught her. She wondered what she would have done if he had done so, her heart racing with trepidation.
Joe watched on from his office. He'd long since pressed to record the action, having to keep looking away from his laptop at the screens he was meant to be watching. He sat staring, himself having the same thoughts as his wife. Did she want to get caught? What would she have done? Intrigue took over and all sorts of thoughts ran through his head, then Alice appeared back on the camera in the bedroom.
Joe watched as she walked to the top of the stairs, dildo in hand, naked except for her stockings, and squatted with her back to the stairs. Holding the dildo she lowered onto it, sinking slowly until most of the dildo was inside her pussy. Looking directly at where she'd placed the phone, she put a hand between her legs and started to slowly caress her clit. She didn't ride the dildo, she just kept it plugged inside her, around ten inches of it deep into her pussy. Joe switched to the camera downstairs, the three builders all occasionally looked up as though they'd heard a noise. Joe knew although they couldn't see Alice from where they were, it would only take a few seconds to get to the bottom of the stairs and look up to where his wife was masturbating.
Alice kept going to bite her finger to quieten her moans but pulled it away, it wasn't part of her plan. She'd made a pact with herself that she wouldn't move until she had made herself cum, if she was caught then she'd deal with the consequences. Keeping the dildo deep in her pussy would help her cum quicker, although would make her cry out more. She concentrated on the phone, not looking
behind her until she finally came. She groaned loudly as she did, her legs buckling.
"Did you call for something?" she heard Ian shout.
"Erm yeah, is the water back on, I need to shower," she shouted back.
"Yes it's back on," Ian replied.
She quickly stripped off the stockings, the tops sticky with her juices, and put them and the dildo on the bed. Showering, she couldn't resist washing between her legs for longer than normal.
Joe watched her go in the shower, then switched cameras just in time to see Danny tiptoeing up the stairs. Hearing the shower running he walked into their bedroom. Joe watched his face change into a broad smile as he saw the dildo and stockings on the bed. He picked the dildo up and ran his fingers along it, tasting her juices on his fingers. He peeked around the door to the ensuite, rubbing at his crotch at her nakedness, then backed away and went back downstairs.
Switching again, Joe saw him walk into the kitchen waving the dildo like a trophy. Ian laughed but Joe heard Pete tell him to take it back. Danny walked back up the stairs and put the dildo back down where he'd found it, just as the shower turned off. He went back to the top of the stairs where Pete and Ian stood. They watched as Alice walked back into the bedroom, still wet from the shower. She stood on the bed, giving them a perfect view of her arse as she reached up. What she did next shocked not only those three but also Joe watching on.
Alice reached into the box and pulled the contents out. She got down and then pulled a mirror off the wall where it hung, lying it on the bed. She picked up the dildo she'd used earlier and stuck it to the mirror. She picked up a similar-looking dildo, this one smaller at eight inches long, and stuck it next to the other. In her hand, she held a third dildo, twelve inches long like the first. She placed that on the bed, then knelt with the mirror between her legs. She took a tub of lube and rubbed it onto the dildos, then rubbed between her legs. She reached behind herself, lined the dildos up, and then lowered onto them. She started riding them both, one in her pussy and the smaller one in her arse. The look of contentment on her face was a picture, completely oblivious to the three guys standing on the stairs and her camera-watching husband.
Getting into a rhythm she picked up the other dildo and started pushing it into her mouth. She gagged a little trying to force it down, holding it to her mouth and using the other hand to rub at her clit. Seemingly oblivious to how loud her moaning and groaning were getting, she bucked her hips down onto the dildos harder and faster. Joe watched her body tremble, her legs shake, and then her orgasm hit her. Just as it did, she noticed Danny, Ian and Pete standing watching in the doorway. Joe, watching on, wondered how she'd respond.
"Oh, erm, how long have you been there? Did you shout up to me?" Alice blurted out.
"No you didn't, we heard noises and came to see what was happening," Pete told her.
"And I'm glad we came to see," Danny grinned.
Despite her lack of knowledge of them being there, Alice still did not attempt to move or cover up.
"So, is the kitchen done then?" Alice asked as if the current situation was perfectly normal.
"We just need to final check but everything is in place," Ian answered.
"Are you going again?" Danny asked quite brazenly.
Alice looked at him puzzled.
"Are you going to ride them again as you're still sitting on them?" Danny asked.
"Do you want me to?" she said, biting her lip.
"Unless, you have three dildos, there are three of us?" Danny asked.
"I'm not fucking you if that's what you mean," Alice answered, "but I also don't want Joe to find out you caught me masturbating either."
"So we can watch you then, take photos perhaps?" Danny quizzed.
"Erm, watching yes, photos no. I don't want to end up all over the internet," Alice told him.
Danny got his phone out and scrolled, then pointed the screen at her.
"Can we leave you like this?" he laughed.
Joe couldn't see his phone but assumed he had shown her the picture of the cum covered customer.
Alice looked at him, then at Ian and Pete.
"You promise you won't tell Joe?" she whispered.
They all agreed they wouldn't. While they started undressing, Alice looked towards her phone and Joe saw her wink and smile. She started riding the dildos slowly, and then Danny looked over.
"Wouldn't you be better on the floor?" he asked.
Alice told him no, she was comfortable and the bed was quite firm. In reality, she knew getting on the floor would hamper her phone viewing, unaware of Joe's spy camera set-up. Danny climbed up onto the bed, stroking his nine-inch cock above her face. Ian and Pete stripped now too, Alice pleasantly surprised. Pete had a bit of a belly on him, but his eight-inch erection was very fat, as fat as her wrist. Ian stood back a little, his chest nearly as well-toned as Danny's, stroking another eight inches.
She rode the dildos, looking at each cock in turn, looking up into their eyes, smiling and telling them how dirty she felt doing this behind Joe's back. Danny asked her if she could put the stockings on for him. Alice told him no, she was into a rhythm now and didn't want to stop, joking with him that if he liked them that much put them on his arms and stroke his cock with them.
Joking or not, Danny stopped and picked them up. He slid his hands to the feet part, then started stroking his cock again. The look of pleasure on his face feeling the nylon rubbing against his shaft was a joy for Alice to see.
"Play with my tits, my nipples need some attention too," she asked them.
Ian and Pete leaned over from on either side of her, stroking their cocks in her direction while pinching and tweaking her nipples. Danny moved a foot and rubbed his cock along Alice's cheek, rubbing his pre-cum over her. He stepped back a little, a chain of pre-cum linking his cock to her face until it fell away with his strokes. He put a nylon-clad hand down, pushing it into Alice's cleavage, making her groan loudly.
"Can I stick my cock in there?" he asked.
"Oooh naughty, go on then," Alice told him.
His nylon-clad hands squeezed her tits together as he pushed his cock between them, Alice not letting the others go amiss as she reached her hands out, telling them she'd wank them now. Danny's cock pushed up through her cleavage, reaching up towards her neck, and then she felt a hand on the back of her neck pushing her head down. Now she watched on as the cock got ever closer to her mouth. She stuck her tongue out, catching the end of his cock, making Danny jump.
"Are you ready to cum yet Danny? Is that too much for you?" Alice teased.
She continued doing so, enjoying the moans of pleasure each time her tongue caught the tip of his cock. She felt her head turned to the side, and Pete pushed his fat cock towards her mouth. Instinct took over, and Alice opened her mouth for him. As she blew him, taking half of his cock between her very stretched lips, she felt the other two cocks being rubbed against her face. She withdrew her mouth and turned the other way, taking Ian's cock into her mouth.
Ian held her head still, fucking her mouth, saliva dribbling out of her mouth and running down her chin. She pulled away, gagging a little, and felt Danny's cock being pushed into her mouth. While she had one in her mouth she wanked the other two. Hands still rubbed at her nipples, Alice's buttocks squashed against the mirror as she rode the dildos harder still. Ten minutes later, ten minutes that felt like forever, one of the cocks erupted over her face.
Alice had lost track of who was where and couldn't work out which direction the warm globules of semen had come from. Splash after splash of the warm goo splashed across her face, someone grunting very loudly. She tried to look up but it was in her eyes. About a minute later another load was added to it, this time most of it around her mouth and chin.
Feeling nylon hands on her ears she guessed it was Danny still going. He fucked her now sore mouth, coinciding thrusting into her with her pushing down onto the dildos. She heard him grunting louder, fucking her mouth quicker still, sensing he was about to cum. Her own body was about to let go too, and then she felt hands on her clit, rubbing frantically. As she did so, a mouth clamped on one nipple and fingers pinched and pulled at the other. Just as Danny started cumming, so did Alice.
Joe had never seen Alice shake so violently when cumming before. Seemingly every shot of cum from Danny that landed on her face made her whole body shake, and boy did he cum a lot. Over and over he squeezed the end of his cock, spurt after spurt flowing onto Alice. Alice stopped moving and slumped over onto the bed, lying on her back, her head right on the edge. The dildos were soaking wet, glistening from the sun pouring in through the windows, a sticky mess trickling across the mirror.
Alice ran her fingers across her eyes, scooping the rivers of cum and slurping it off her fingers until she could open her eyes again. She sat, looking at the phone, with them thinking she was looking in the dressing table mirror.
"Good job lads, that was fucking amazing," she enthused, "Remember though, Joe can't find out about this okay."
The guys dressed and went downstairs, Alice throwing a dressing gown on. She checked the kitchen, told them that looked great too, then went to the door and waved them off. She saw her neighbour from across the road eyeing her up with a look of disapproval, probably to do with her wearing her dressing gown still. Who was she to judge me, Alice thought. As she shut the door and saw herself in a mirror, she saw semen hanging down off her chin.
Joe couldn't wait until he got home that night, almost as much as Alice couldn't wait for him. After eating, she asked him to sit on the sofa and sat next to him, opening
her phone.
"I have a video for you to watch, don't be too mad at me," she told him.
They watched the phone video, Alice looking at Joe for his reaction. At the end of the video, he smiled but stood up and walked away. Alice looked towards him puzzled, trying to gauge his reaction. She was equally puzzled when he came back with his laptop.
"I have a video for you to watch, don't be too mad at me," he laughed.
Alice watched most of it with her mouth open, quizzing Joe how he'd filmed it, then asking where the cameras were. Joe took great delight in making her guess where they were, Alice squealing when she guessed each one, then Joe surprising her by telling her about the one downstairs too.
"Serious question, not knowing I was watching too, would you have fucked them?" Joe asked.
"No, I was filming it anyway," Alice answered.
"But you could have deleted the footage or hidden it away somewhere," Joe responded.
"No, I wouldn't have done that to you. What I did was probably a step too far," Alice admitted.
"I don't know, I actually thought you were going to, I was stroking as slow as I could ready for when you did," Joe laughed.
"Really? Would it have bothered you?" Alice asked.
"Watching you like that, no. If I'd been in the room probably yes," he told her, "them thinking it was behind my back and I didn't know had a little mystique and intrigue about it didn't it?"
Alice leaned over and kissed him, running her hand over his crotch.
"I honestly thought you'd go mad at blowing them, and now you're telling me I could have fucked them, I wish I'd have known earlier," Alice giggled.
"Well, they left us a business card so we could call them for anything," Joe grinned, holding it up to show her.