This is short and sweet. If there's enough interest, I'll keep going with it. Enjoy.
.....................
When I was eighteen, my dad got remarried to a woman with a daughter my age. Julia was smoking hot, five foot ten with a perfect body and the most gorgeous blue eyes I had ever seen. Needless to say, I had a bit of a crush on her. We weren't really that close, but we did share a bathroom, and I tried to see her naked every chance I got, though my efforts were mostly fruitless. Once I saw her changing into a bathing suit, but all I really saw was her back, and even that was only a glimpse. After several months, though, my patience finally paid off.
She had just gotten home from the community college that we both attended, although I had skipped school that day. She must not have known I was home, because she didn't even close the door all the way on my side of the bathroom. Steam was pouring out of room. I kept having to wipe off my glasses to get a clear view.
The shower door was translucent, and although some of the details were lost, my imagination was able to fill them in. As Julia lathered her perfect breasts, her nipples were clearly hard. So was I, for that matter. There was no way that I was going to pass up on the most amazing masturbation fodder that I had ever in my life encountered. I felt like I was going to cum after about thirty seconds, so I decided to slow it down a bit. In case this was a once in a lifetime occurrence, I wanted to make it last.
Then the shower shut off. In a panic, I stuffed my anxious cock back into my shorts and shut the door behind me just as the shower door swung open. I hated to miss the opportunity to see her without the restrictions of the frosted glass, but if I had have seen her, she would have also seen me, so I had to get out. I quickly ran over to my bed and pretended to be sleeping.
Then the door opened on my side of the bathroom, and Julia, now wrapped in a towel, poked her head into my room. "What are you doing home?" she asked. I was nervous as hell at this point, but I tried to fake like I had just woken up. As I opened my eyes, I found that she was now standing next to me. Looking at my crotch, it was also very evident that I was sporting an erection. "Hey, didn't you have class today?"
I told her that my class was cancelled. As I did, I watched her eyes trace the bulge in my shorts. The expression on her face made it clear that she noticed. "Were you watching me in the shower?"
"What? No, of course not."
"Uh, huh. I heard you shut the door when I got out of the shower, and it looks like something's gotten you pretty excited." All the remaining blood that wasn't in my penis made it's way to my face, making my embarrassment, not to mention my guilt, extremely evident. "I've seen you trying to steal glances."
There was no use denying it at this point. "Sorry." That was about all I say, really.
"Take it out," she said. "I want to see it."
"What?"
"You hear me. Take it out. It's only fair. You got to see me naked, so now I want to see you."
"No way."
"Do you want me to tell our parents about this? Or all of the other times you've tried to spy on me?"
"No."
"Then let's see it."
I had to admit, she had me. What I couldn't figure out, though, was if she really wanted to see me naked, or she just wanted to make me feel as uncomfortable as possible. When I looked in those gorgeous eyes, though, all I saw was sincerity.
After a deep breath, I slowly unzipped my shorts and pulled down my boxers. My dick pointed straight up and was glistening with pre-cum. Julia couldn't take her eyes off it.
"I've never seen a penis like that before. I mean, I know what they look like, but I've never actually seen one erect. It's so... nice."
"Nice?"
"I like it. Do you want to go back to what you were doing?"
"Sleeping?"
"Yeah, right. I want to watch you touch it."
"I'm not going to do that. You're my sister."
With that, she sat down beside me on the bed. "Step-sister. And I really want to see you masturbate."
Just hearing her say that almost made me cum right then and there. When she said "Please..." I couldn't say no. It took her breath away when I wrapped my fist around it and started to stroke.
"Oh my god," she said. "This is awesome."
Again, I had to slow down to keep from cumming right then. "You know, I couldn't really see much through the glass," I said between shallow breaths. Without missing a beat, Julia let her towel drop and sat Indian style beside my legs. The wetness of her shaved pussy caught the light of the room. It was beautiful. "No touching, ok?"
She then started to touch herself, never losing sight of what I was doing. I wasn't going to be able to take much more of this. Then she stuck a finger inside her pussy while rubbing her clit with her other hand. My cock exploded, sending ribbons of cum all over my hand, stomach and chest. Some of it even got on her knee. That was enough to send her over the edge. Her body shuddered and convulsed. Her hands and my bedspread were drenched. We just sat like that for a moment before she wiped herself off with the towel. Then she wiped me off, apparently fascinated by the mess of semen. She spread it between her fingers before sticking the tip of her finger in her mouth.
"You better get dressed," she said. "Mom and dad will be home pretty soon, and they probably shouldn't find us like this." As she got up and headed back to the bathroom, she stopped and look at me again, my penis just now starting to deflate. "We should do this again sometime."
Absolutely...