This is a fictional Story with all characters 18 or older.
The next day, I woke up in the morning and heard my mother in the kitchen. It was her day off. After washing up I went down for breakfast and my mother said she wanted to talk to me.
My mother and I have a good relationship and can talk about anything, but I thought oh no, this is it. She started off telling me that she knows all about what happen at the lake. I didn't not know what my father told her so I remained silent.
I was waiting for a lecture. She then continued on and said she knows about me wearing my panties as a swim suit, how I swam naked with dad and how I and Cathy are having sex. She then stopped with her list of things I've been doing. I though oh my god, she doesn't know that dad fucked me.
She then said she was not mad at me. She told me, how dad said the two of us are so much a like. My mother then told me about when she was younger, she to liked to expose herself. Although she was to shy to do some of the things that I have done.
We continued talking and she said she understood me. I asked her why she stopped flashing. My mother said it was because she was older and that I was getting older and I was with them all the time. My mother is still very beautiful and still has a good figure and I mentioned that to her and she should start flashing again.
She laughed and I asked her to stand up. We compared each other and then I said I bet you still look good naked. I then asked her to take off her clothes and we can make a proper comparison. Before she could say anything, I had my clothes off. My mother was a bit hesitant, but with more encouragement she finally relented.
We stood side-by-side. Her breasts were larger and had a little sag, a bit of a pudgy stomach, but she has a great set of legs. Afterwards she felt better about herself and we both sat down and talked, both of us still naked.
We talked for hours, during that time I encouraged her to start flashing again. I told her I think dad would like to see you do it again, I believed he liked watching me. My mother laughed and said I know he liked watching you, he just about attacked me the last few weekends when we went to bed. My mother eventually said she wouldn't mind flashing again since I am old enough to understand. I asked my mother what her plans were for the day. She didn't have any so I said lets go to the mall later, I need a swim suit.
I told my mother, if Cathy was home, I was going to see her for a while. I called Cathy and she said come on down, it was only her and her brother at home, her parents were at work. I had to decide what to wear. I know that most everybody on the block is at work by now, so the chances of being seen is very low, I thought it would be funny to show up naked.
I put on the little g-string of Cathy's and a cut-off t-shirt, then head to Cathy's house. I didn't see anybody along the way and wished that I had been naked. I rang the bell and Timmy opened the door. He looked at me and told me Cathy is in her room, go on up. I talked with Timmy a while and then went up to Cathy's room.
Timmy yelled that he was going to a friends house. When I got to Cathy's room we hugged and kissed each other. The first thing I asked her, what had her father said about the way she was dressed yesterday. Cathy related to me he did not say a thing, but he was looking at me the same your father looks at you. She laughed and said, "You know what that means," then we began to laugh.
Cathy suggested we get naked. We both stripped and began to make out. I had Cathy lay on the bed so her crotch was at then end of the bed. Then I mounted her in a sixty-nine position and Cathy began to eat me. When I thought she was hot enough I asked her if she would like someone to be fucking you as I lick your pussy.
I knew she would say yes and she did. I looked over to the doorway and motioned for Timmy to come in. I licked Cathy's pussy and then motioned for Timmy to lick her. Cathy did not notice and was enjoying Timmy's tongue.
I pulled Timmy away and motioned for him to take off his pants while I licked Cathy's pussy some more. I then began fingering her. When I looked up and saw how big Timmy's cock was, I was a bit envious of Cathy. I told Cathy I had a surprise for her and then pulled Timmy by his cock to Cathy's pussy and rubbed it up and down her slit a few times.
I then had Timmy push his cock in her pussy. Cathy was moaning as she sucked on my pussy. After Timmy began fucking her, it wasn't very long till I saw him stop and scrunched up his face.
He came already. Timmy looked at me and I pulled him out by his cock. He was still hard so I pushed him back into Cathy and got him to fuck her again. This time he was fucking her hard and furiously. Timmy lasted longer and Cathy got a good fucking from him.
As he still had his cock in Cathy, I got off of her so she could see who it was. Cathy was speechless, but began thrusting in to Timmy like a wild woman, till they both came again. Afterwards, Cathy got up and talked with Timmy to make sure he would not say anything to anybody else. After he agreed, Cathy smiled then said she would like to do it again sometime.
Cathy then leaned over and sucked his cock. Once she had cleaned him up she told him that is all for now, can he go and leave us alone for a while. Timmy then left the room.
As soon as he left, Cathy said to me, "I cannot believe you got him to fuck me."
I asked her if she liked it and of course she said yes. I then told her he also ate her pussy before he started fucking you. Cathy told me, when she saw who it was she had a huge orgasm.
We hung out for a while and then I told Cathy I have to go. I didn't bother to put any clothes on and Cathy asked if I am walking home nude. I told her yes, the next time she comes up to my house, she has to walk there nude. Cathy walked out the front door with me and watched as I walked home. My mother asked where my clothes were and I told her they were at Cathy's, I left them for her. My mother shook her head and told me I was going to end up getting in trouble.
Once at the mall my mother and I separated, I went to a clothing store. We agreed to meet up later. I began looking at the swim suits and a sales girl came over to me. We recognized each other from school, she had graduated with me. Kara and I began talking about the latest in bikini fashion and that skin is in.
I asked her which one she likes and she went over to a rack and pulled out a micro bikini. I wasn't sure if she was just egging me on or if she really liked it. I asked her if that is what she wears. Kara said, "No, but I would like too."
I asked her if she tried them on. Again she said "No."
We were the only people in the store and at this hour, the mall was practically empty. I asked her if she wanted to try them on. There is nobody here right now and I would like to see what they looked like on someone else before I tried them on. We talked for a while before I convinced her to try them on.
Kara went in to the changing room, that had a louvered door about a foot off the ground, and shut the door. I saw Kara drop her clothes. Kara then came out about a minute later with the suit on. Kara was fidgeting and I could tell she was nervous, but Kara looked amazing.
She has a great body, her breasts were smaller than mine, but she has nice long legs. Kara went over to the mirror and took a look at herself, then said, "I like the suit but I don't think I could wear it in public, too many people would be looking at me."
I told her that is the point, to get people to look at you. I asked her if that is the smallest swim suit that you have in the store. Kara said there are some more revealing. Those over there are made with a mesh material. I asked her where are they at. Kara showed me to them and I picked out one and asked if I could try it on.
Kara led me back to the changing booth where I went in but left the door open and talked with Kara as I stripped and put on the suit. Once I was dressed, I came out and went over to the mirror to have a look. If you were up close you could see through the material, but from a distance you could not tell it was a mesh material.
We were talking about the suit and a couple in their late 20s came in the store. Kara almost had a fit because she was still had on the micro-bikini. I calmed her down and then told her to go see if they needed any help. She got up enough courage and walked over to them.
Kara caught up with them in the dress section and talked with them for a few minutes. I heard them talking about swim suits and the next thing I see, they are walking towards me. I stood there as they came over and Kara showed them the collection of swim suits.
The couple looked at me and I turned around so they could get to see all of me. The guy was staring at me, till his girlfriend spotted him, then she said maybe some other time and she pulled her boyfriend out of the store. After they left the store Kara and I began laughing.
I talked Kara in to trying on a mesh suit. When she came out, she was covering herself with her hands. I pulled her over to the mirror and had her look at herself. I could see her shaved pussy. We began talking again and Kara was beginning to relax.
As we were talking, the couple that left earlier had come back. They walked over to us, Kara tried to go towards the changing booth but I held her arm. When the girl got to us she smiled, then apologized for rushing out earlier. That put both Kara and I at ease.
She told us her boyfriend wants her to get a small bikini as they were going on vacation in a few weeks, but she got jealous when he was looking at you two. She realized she cannot keep him from looking at other women in bikinis, especially when we are going to the beach.
I asked her where they were going, it was Ibiza. I heard of it but never been there. I asked about the nude beaches there. The girl pointed to her boyfriend and told us that is what he wants to do, to go to a nude beach, but she wants a bikini to wear, initially anyways.
The girl looked at what we were wearing and wanted to try one. Kara helped her find one she liked. I could see her boyfriend was watching us and then I noticed a bulge in his shorts.
The girl went in to the changing booth with the suit, while Kara and I began talking again. Kara then showed me another suit. It was a peek-aboo bikini. Kara told me they only had a few of them, it seems no one wants to wear something like that around here. As we were looking at the suit, the girl came out of the changing booth in her mesh bikini.
When I saw her, I had to say wow, that girl has a huge set of breasts, how did I not see them before. She asked me if I liked the suit. To be cheeky, I told her not only the suit and she looked at her breasts and cupped them with her hands. Kara spoke up and told us would be happy if she had half that size.
The girl noticed the suit I was holding and she asked if I was going to try it on. I said sure why not, but there is not point in using the changing booth and began to untie my top then left it fall off. I then slipped out of the bottoms.
I began to put on the peek-aboo suit. Everyone was watching me and I was getting excited. Once I had it on I looked in the mirror and asked what do you think? It took a while for someone to say something, but Kara and the girl liked it. I told them to pick one out and try it on. Kara looked at me and I gave her some encouragement. Kara went over and picked one out and then changed in to it while standing there, her nipples were erect and I could see she was excited.
I went over to her to adjust her top. My hand ran over her breast and she took a gasp of air. Then the girl picked up a peek-aboo, she had already stripped naked. I saw her put on the suit and then I helped her adjust it.
I went for her breasts as I felt like I just had to touch them. She let out a gasp of air as I touched her breasts and her nipples became hard. She reached for my breasts and began to feel me up. I had to moan. This only seemed to encourage her and she moved her mouth to my breast and began to suck on my nipple.
Oh my god, I got so hot, I felt my pussy juice running down my legs. I looked at Kara and she was rubbing her own breasts. I motioned for her to come to me and she did. I reached out and cupped her breast and squeezed her nipples. I then felt a hand on my pussy and it was the girl, she started to finger me. It did not take long till I had a huge orgasm and my legs became weak.
I went down to my knees and Kara moved in front of me. I looked at her pussy and saw she was wet. I had the urge to lick her so I leaned forward and lapped up her pussy juice. She was so sweet, so I just kept on licking her.
The girl moved closer to Kara and I then felt my head being squeezed between them. Kara and the girl were kissing and playing with each others breasts. It had not been more than two minutes of my mouth on Kara and all the sudden she moaned loudly and my face was drenched.
Kara had an orgasm and squirted on me. Kara pulled back from me and the girl now came up in front of me and pulled my head to her pussy. I began licking her and nibbling on her lips. Fairly quickly she too had an orgasm and then stepped away from me.
She went over to her boyfriend and pulled down his shorts. I saw his cock, he was already hard and I was amazed at the size of it. The girl bent over and her boyfriend pushed his cock in to her pussy and began fucking her.
It was not even five minutes and he grunted, and then they stopped. The girl moaned loudly as she must have had an orgasm. We all looked at each other and then the embarrassment kicked in.
We all took off our bikinis and got our clothes and got dressed. Kara rang up two suits for the girl and she left the store. Kara and I talked for a while longer and we exchanged phone numbers. She asked which suit I wanted and chose the mesh suit. Kara gave it to me and I said goodbye.
We had a full kiss on the mouth. We both said we need to get together again soon and with that I left the store. As I was walking out, I had to think about what just happen. I really need to find someone other than my father or Timmy to fuck me. I stopped at the restroom and washed my face and cleaned up. As I was coming out, I ran in to my mother.
I asked my mother if she wanted to have some fun and she asked what I had in mind. Do you want to flash here in the mall. She looked at me confused and then I told her about some stories that I read and videos I have seen where girls flash in a mall.
I told her to come with me and we went back to the restroom. She had a button up dress on, so I opened a few buttons. Then I reached up under her dress and pulled off her panties and stuck them in my shopping bag. I stepped back and looked at her and then unbuttoned her dress completely and took off her bra and shoved that in to my bag also.
I put her dress on and left a few buttons undone. She looked at me and asked what about you? I pulled up my top to show her I was not wearing a bra and then lifted up my skirt to show her I was naked underneath.
I told her lets go get something to eat. We made our way to the food court and got something to eat. We sat down at one of the tables in the mall and I had her sit so we were facing out in to the mall. I whispered to her to keep her legs open so anybody passing by could see up her dress. She was apprehensive but did as I asked.
I told her about my new bikini and how I could not wait to wear it to the lake. After we finished lunch, we went home. I would have liked to flash some more, but did not want to push my mother too much the first time.
That evening when I was in my room, I could hear my parents talking. I could hear my mother was talking to my father about earlier in the day, so I snuck out to listen. My mother liked flashing today and when she told him, she wanted to start flashing again he got very excited.
I saw him grab his crotch to adjust his cock. Then I saw my mother reach for his cock and grab it through his underwear. I was half tempted to go down and join them but thought I should leave them alone for the rest of the night.
The next morning was another off day for my mother and as I was getting breakfast she began to tell me that she explained everything to my father last night and he was pretty excited about flashing at the mall.
I then had to smile and told her I saw them last night. She asked if I wanted to go to the mall again and have lunch, I said ok, then asked if Cathy can come along with us. My mother said of course she can. I called Cathy and told her the plan and she was in.
My mother and I talked for a while, then we both went to find something to wear. We both chose a summer dress that buttons up the front. I asked her if she was wearing underwear and she pulled open her dress to show me that she wasn't. We got to the mall quite early so it was not busy. Cathy and I went to see Kara and my mother went to a craft store.
When Kara saw me, she got a big smile on her face and came over, but Cathy was with me so Kara was cautious. Once I told her Cathy is ok, Kara kissed and hugged me.
As we were talking, we roamed around the store looking at clothes. I found a sheer black blouse and held it up to me. Kara said "You do like to show yourself don't you." I had to admit to her that I did and told her about a few of the instances at the lake.
Kara admitted that she liked what happen yesterday. She also said "Yesterday I found out how excited I get being naked in front of other people. Then being with another girl, woo, that blew my mind."
Cathy then chimed in and said "I was the same way, only 3 days ago".
We wondered around the store looking at nothing in particular.
As we past near the entrance, I looked out and saw nobody was around. I asked Kara if the mall is always this empty in the morning, she told us it always very slow till after lunch."
I then asked Kara if she has been naked here since. Kara said "No it was only yesterday."
I asked Kara if the store has any g-string panties. She took us over to them. We looked around but did not have anything that I was interested in.
As we were wondering around, I did see a white wrap dress with a sash belt. I held it up to the light and it was a semi-transparent. I looked to find the smallest size.
I put down my purse and changed in to the dress. The dress just fit around me and the hem was about 2 inches below my pussy. I tied the sash and took a look in the mirror, then asked the girls what they thought.
When I bent over and my ass would become visible. I took a seat and the dress would fall open at my legs. The material was thin enough that you could just see-through it. When I untied the sash, the dress would fall open. It had a deep v cut in the front that showed off my breasts nicely. The only problem was it cost more money than I had. Both Kara and Cathy tried on a similar dress and we all thought it would be great for flashing.
My mother text me and asked if we were ready to get some lunch. We all got dressed in our own clothes and said good-bye to Kara. Then Cathy and I went to the food court to meet up with my mother.
We got our food and sat at the table again so passerby's could see up our dress. There were not that many people around to look at us. When we finished eating we left for home.
My mother dropped off Cathy and I at Cathy's house. Once we got inside, we stripped off our clothing. Cathy then told me ever since we wore the small panties and t-shirt in front of her father, he has been looking at her more than normal.
I would like to tease him some more, maybe I could get him to fuck me. We talked about what she could do. We decided that we need to get her mother use to seeing her scantly dressed. Cathy was going to start walking around in her panties at home.
Of course Cathy would start by wearing full cut panties and little by little start wearing smaller ones. We also thought it would be best if we got her brother use to seeing her so he would not be staring at her, which might upset her mother. Then Cathy would start sleeping naked, and leaving her door open, so she could be caught naked.
We had hatched a plan and we waited for Cathy's brother to come home. When he came home, we called him to Cathy's room and told him we need him to be casual when Cathy is walking around the house scantily dressed.
Timmy, asked, "How am I suppose to do that, Cathy is beautiful and I have to look at her." Cathy went over to Timmy and said, "Here I am, you can do anything to me you want from now till our parents get home."
Timmy's face had a look of surprise and I admit I was also surprised. Timmy began playing with and then sucking on Cathy's breasts. Cathy was getting excited and she was enjoying Timmy's mouth.
I was getting excited watching them and began touching myself. Timmy was doing everything that a young man would ever want to do with a girl, even if it was his sister. After an hour and a half and fucking Cathy twice, Timmy rolled over on the bed and said, "That is all for today, I'm worn out."
Cathy was also spent and just laid on the bed with Timmy. Cathy kissed Timmy and said, "I am going to have to let you do that more often, you were great." Cathy cuddled up with Timmy and all of us just talked for a while.
The last thing they did together was shower. Timmy then went to his room. Cathy and I kept an eye on the clock to make sure we were dressed or decent when Cathy's parents got home. I asked Cathy who comes home first, her father or her mother.
It is usually her mother she said, unless she stops at the store or gets some take out on the way home. I told Cathy, lets put on something revealing, then if her father would happen to come home first, we could let him see us, otherwise we just get dressed quickly.
Cathy got two pair of thongs and we put them on. Cathy still had my cut-off t-shirt and I put it on, but since I had cut it shorter for Cathy, it did not even cover my breast anymore. I gave it back to Cathy and she put it on.
Cathy then said she had something I might be able to wear and dug through her drawers. She pulled out a bikini top and told me it was from about 2 years ago, try it on. I put it on and looked in the mirror. The top covered my nipples and left the rest of my breasts exposed.
I liked it and asked Cathy if I could keep it. We sat there with an eye out for who came home first and talked about everything and anything. I don't believe we have ever been closer than we are now.
As luck would have it, Cathy's father was the first to come home. We both ran to the kitchen and pretended to get some water. When her father walked in from the garage we were talking causally like nothing was unusual.
We said hello to him and he had a surprised look on his face and his eyes were darting from Cathy to me and then all over our bodies. He talked with us a for less than a minute, all the time he had a smile on his face. Then he walked away to put his stuff in his office. Cathy said, "Yea we need to change and Haley has to be going, I didn't know it was this late."
Cathy pulled me to her room quickly and left the door open. She whispered to me that after he puts his things in his office, he comes up here to change. Cathy then pulled off her top.
Cathy is standing by the door, listening for her father to come, while she asks me what we should do. We can hear him is coming. I tell her to get behind me and pretend to get the knot out of my top and we turned sideways so he can see both of us as he passes by the door. I reach behind my back and untie the upper string and let it fall as Cathy positions herself behind me. Cathy is fiddling with the knot as we hear her father coming. We are both excited.
Her father comes to the door and stops and begins to talk, "Your mother is picking up Chinese food for dinner tonight and should be here shortly." As he was talking, he notices that Cathy is topless.
Then he says "Oh I am sorry I didn't know you were changing." Cathy told him, "It's ok, it is not anything you haven't seen before," and then lets my top fall off. My nipples instantly became hard and I see her father looking at my breasts.
I could feel that Cathy wants to take it further. Cathy asked her father, "What is mom getting?" as she walked over to her bed to picked up my dress and hands it to me. Her father was trying to talk but was overcome by the site before him and stammered out, "The regular stuff."
Cathy then put her hands on the side of her panties, getting ready to push them down. Giving her father a few seconds to see if he would turn or leave. Cathy began to rattle off, "Sweet and sour shrimp and shrimp fried rice," as she pushed her panties to the floor and steps out of them. Cathy then gets her shorts off the bed, and said "I like Chinese food."
I wasn't sure what I should do, I wanted to pull down my panties and stand there naked for him, but I wanted all of his attention to be on Cathy. I put my dress over me, but left it unbuttoned as I watched Cathy and her father. It was exciting for me to watch the interaction between them.
Cathy pulled up her shorts and buttoned them. She reached for her top as she asked her father, "Do we have any plans for this weekend?" Cathy then put on her top. Before her father could speak, Cathy looked over to me and said, "I am going to need those swim bottoms."
I took this as her way of telling me to take them off. Cathy's father was just beginning to talk as I put my hands on my panties and pushed them down. To take up more time, I picked up the panties and held them out waiting for Cathy to take them.
All the while, I was completely exposed to her father who just finished stammering out, "No plans." After Cathy took the panties, I slowly began to button up my dress. Cathy's father waited till I had the last button done and then said, "I have to go," as he walked quickly away.
Cathy and I began to crack-up but tried to keep quiet. I left Cathy's house and walked home just thinking about what will happen next with Cathy's father.
The next morning both my mother and father were working. I had the house to myself so I stayed naked. I phoned Cathy and asked her to come over. I had to remind her it was her turn to walk here naked. Cathy said, "I have to use the bathroom first and then I will be up."
I asked if she just had to pee and she told me yea. I told her to come here before using the bathroom. Cathy asked, "What do you have in mind?" I told her I would tell her once she got here. We hung up. I walked outside and waited for Cathy. I saw her coming down the sidewalk.
Since all the neighbors work there was not a great chance of being seen. We were out by the street and we hugged and kissed each other. We stood there for a minute and I told Cathy what I wanted her to do.
I was going to lay on the grass and I wanted her to straddle me and then pee on me. Cathy got a sly look on her face and said, "You are getting kinky." I just want to try it and see if I like it. I laid down and Cathy got over me and asked me where she should pee. I told her, "Start over my pussy and then move up till you are peeing on my face."
Cathy began peeing and move up quickly and was now peeing on my head. Till she was done my hair was all wet. I asked her why she moved to my head so quickly. Cathy explained, "I didn't know how long I could pee."
As I was talking, I tasted her pee and it was horrible. I told Cathy it is her turn and she quickly laid down. I did the same to her as she had done to me. After she got up I kissed her and then took her hand, we went in to the house and we got a shower together.
I made us some breakfast and as we ate I asked her what happen last night. Cathy told me she thinks her father jerked-off in his bedroom, he was in there quite a while. I told Cathy she should have gone to his door and listened, but her mother had come home, so she went to the kitchen.
Throughout the night her father was looking at her a lot. After a while she went to her room and changed in to a pair of panties and a crop top.
Her mother came to her room later and was a little surprised to see her in panties, but did not say anything. They did not have any plans for the weekend? We don't have any so if you want to go anywhere with Haley you can. Mom is going to her parents on Sunday and staying for dinner, we are going to order something for dinner."
I asked my mother what she was going to do at grandma's. My mother is going to help her clean. I said "ok thanks," I will talk with Haley tomorrow. Then I went back to my room.
Later, I heard my mother come up and go to her bedroom and their shower start. I stripped off my clothes and pulled down my covers, then closed the door till there was a small gap. I laid on my bed and turned out the light. I heard my father coming and my heart was pounding.
He stopped at my door and said softly "Cathy are you still awake." I said "yes" and he opened up my door and turned on the light. I was on my back and had my legs spread open so he could see all of me. He asked me "did you enjoyed fishing this past weekend?" I told him "I didn't fish much, Haley was showing me how though. I mostly sat in the sun and swam. But I think I am going to try fishing the next time."
He said "if you like fishing, I may start to go again and you can go along with me." I said "oh yea, Timmy would probably like that." He then said "good-night". He turned off the light and left my room.
While Cathy was telling me her story, I was on my phone looking on the internet about drinking pee. I told Cathy I see why our pee was so bad and explained to her we need to drink lots of water and pee once or twice before we try to drink it. I got up and got us some water. We drank a glass full and I filled them again. We drank that glass too.
We sat, talked, and drank as much water as we could. About twenty minutes later, we both had to pee. We went to the toilet and I saw my pee was much less yellow than before. I dipped my finger in my pee stream and then sucked on my finger, it was a bit salty but much better. Cathy tried the same thing and we both thought the next time we need to pee we would do it on each other.
We went back to the kitchen and drank more water. About 20 minutes later Cathy said she had to pee. I asked her how bad, I told her I want to wait until we really had to go. We both waited about another 10 minutes before we were squirming and we both ran up to the bathtub.
Cathy said "you first." So I got in the tub and she squatted over my face and before I could even say go, she started peeing. I stuck my tongue out and the taste was not bad. I pulled Cathy to me so I could lick her as she peed. She peed for a while and I was drenched till she was done.
As soon as she finished I told her to get up, that I really had to go. We traded places and as soon as she was down I put my pussy on her mouth and peed. I would see her take in a mouth full of my piss and then spit it back out on to my pussy and lick me. After Cathy was done, we both got another shower. We both agreed it was fun and exciting because of the kinky element, but it was messy and it is not something you can do anywhere.
For the rest of the day we just hung out. We looked on the internet for ideas of what we can do next.
We read about anal and we both thought that might be fun. We want to try it, but with a dido first, which neither of us has.
After lunch we both walked to Cathy's house, naked. Timmy was there and Cathy asked him if there was anything he wanted do with her again. This time I told him he could do anything to me also, as long as it was ok with Cathy. Cathy said "yea anything for you too, I don't mind". Timmy was undressed quickly and had me lean on the kitchen table and for Cathy to eat me, while Timmy ate her.
Timmy then had me get on the floor on my hands and knees and Cathy over top of me. He would fuck me for a bit then, fuck Cathy for a bit. He told us when he was ready to cum, he wanted to cum on our faces.
That boy did cum a lot. Our faces were covered. Cathy looked at me and asked "should we do the cum walk," then laughed. We licked each other clean and then licked up Timmy. The next thing Timmy wanted to do was tit fuck me.
I had never done that before and Cathy spit between my breasts. Timmy then tit fucked me until he shot his cum all over my tits. Cathy licked me clean again. Timmy was done for the day, as we wore him out again and he went to his room.
After yet another shower, it was getting late again and Cathy's parent would be coming home soon. We both put on the little thongs and tops and waited to see if Cathy's father would come home first. This time I had to borrow shorts and a top from Cathy so I had something to change in to. I thought that her father would be home first and a little early just for a chance to see us change again.
Cathy wasn't so sure. Ten minutes before his normal time, her father arrived. We waited at the kitchen table for him. This time when he entered the kitchen, he was ready for what he was going to see and was not as shell-shocked. I again gave my excuse that I should be getting home and I need to change.
No sooner than we got in Cathy's bedroom, her father appeared at her door and asked Cathy "did you made any plans with Haley for the weekend?" By this time both of us had stripped off our clothes. We talked about this weekend and did not bother to dress.
Cathy bent over with her ass towards her father to give him a good view, while she picked up some clothes. Cathy and I made some plans and then I finished dressing. Cathy told her father she was going to get a shower. Her father backed away from the doorway as Cathy and I came by. We began walking to the front door and her father said what about your brother. Cathy said "what about him, he is in his room sleeping" and kept walking with me. Cathy's father watched us as we stopped in the front door way. I told her good-by and went out the door and walked home.
On my way home I was trying to think of a way to get Cathy's parents to start playing with us. At home and while eating dinner I asked my mother if she could come fishing with us on Saturday.
She said she had to work but would look to see if she could get the day off. I gave her a hug and kissed her, then squeezed her boob a bit and acted like I was talking to her boob and said "hear that, you may come out to play this weekend." Everyone thought that was funny.
My phone rang and got me awake this morning, it was Cathy. She told me it was my turn to come to her house. I went out of the house without even thinking to look around. As I got to the driveway I heard a car and looked up. I ran back to the house, but I am sure that whoever it was saw me.
I came out again and was more careful this time as I walked to Cathy's. When I got there Cathy told me she was outside waiting for me and a car came by and she thinks they saw her. I laughed and said they saw me too. As we went inside Cathy got me caught up on what happen after I left, last evening.
**** Beginning of Cathy's telling her story
Cathy said, my father waited for me to come back in the house. I went in to the bathroom and he started talking with me, nothing important, just small talk. I left the bathroom door open and sat on the toilet and peed with him watching. I left my legs open so he could see, it was embarrassing and I was getting very excited. I wiped several times just so I could touch myself, till I was done, my nipples were hard and my labia was engorged. I could see my father's hard cock tented out his pants. I stood there talking with him and ran my hand over my pussy and then it occurred to me I should shave myself.
I grabbed the razor and lotion and lathered myself up. I put my foot on the sink and turned towards my father as I began to shave. Once I started I thought of something else so I finished quickly. I didn't really need to shave anyway. I rubbed cream on my ass crack. You are going to love this. I asked my father if he would do my bottom for me. He said "what" I told him it is really hard to do could he help me. He asked "what do I need to do?" I got on my hands and knees with my ass towards him. I handed him the razor and told him to run the razor up and down right here as I ran my hand from my pussy up my ass crack and over my ass hole. I think I heard him moan when I did that.
He began to shave me and I said use your other hand to pull my butt cheeks apart. He did it. My pussy was now dripping. After about eight swipes with the razor, he said I was done. I said are you sure, rub your hand over the area to see if you feel any hair.
He did it, he rubbed more than he needed too and I moaned. I felt his fingers run over my ass hole. I think it would have gone further but my mother came home. When my father heard her, he stopped and said he had to go. After my shower I put on some panties and a crop top and went to the kitchen for dinner dressed like that. My mother seemed a little miffed but did not say anything. My brother did his part and did not pay any attention to me.
**** End of Cathy telling her story, back to normal
Cathy then mentioned she had done some more research on anal and she would like to try it. She went to the frig and got out two carrots and held them up and said we got these if we need them, then put them back. We both began laughing.
Cathy said next, we need to be clean. I asked what that meant and she said poop. We both admitted that we done that already and cleaned ourselves. Cathy asked "do you want to go first or should I." I told her she should go first.
Cathy got on the floor and pulled her legs to her chest. I knelt so she could rest her butt on my legs. I took some Vaseline and rubbed her ass hole and slowly inserted my finger moving it around till she opened up.
Cathy was getting wet, I could see her pussy leaking and running down her stomach. I had inserted two, then three fingers in her. Cathy said "ok it is your turn." As Cathy got up she said "I enjoyed that and now I cannot not wait to be fucked in the ass."
Cathy did the same to me and I liked it also. We got a shower to clean up and took turns in the shower fingering each other's ass. Once we were done and dried off Cathy told me there is something else she wanted to try.
She had me lie on her bed with my ass up and spread my legs. She then began to eat my ass and I never thought it would feel so good. When she started to finger me and eat my ass, I had a huge orgasm. Cathy got off of me and I kissed her. I tasted something different on her lips, but not objectionable. Cathy said "oh my god, I can't believe I like to eat ass." I told Cathy it is her turn.
As I started to eat Cathy's ass, I found myself enjoying it. I was pumping three fingers in and out of her ass while licking her. I reached under her with my other hand and rubbed her clit till she had a huge orgasm and then I pulled away from her.
We both laid on the bed and kissed each other. We laid there for a while before we got up and had some lunch. At lunch we talked about it and once Timmy gets home, if he wants to, he can fuck our asses.
We laid around until Timmy showed up and told him what we had in mind. As any guy would be, he was up for it and took Cathy first. Once he was done, I saw his cum leaking out of her ass hole and told Cathy to stay there. I went over and licked and sucked the cum out of her ass. It felt so erotic doing that and Cathy really enjoyed the sensation it gave her.
I then got Timmy to fuck my ass and it was really different than being fucked in the pussy, but I really liked it. After he came in me, Cathy licked and sucked my ass. Timmy was watching us and he became hard again.
Both Cathy and I sucked his cock till he came again. It was mid afternoon and we contemplated waiting for Cathy's father to come home to tease him, but we were unsure of what we could do. We have shown him everything there was to see of us.
Cathy said she wanted to get him to touch her again like last night. I suggested she put her laptop on her bed and lean over to look at it with her ass in the air. Tell him he did a good job shaving her last night and let him feel the results. I left early for home, not wearing any clothes.
When I got home, I checked my mobile and there was a text. It was Kara, she had off work tomorrow and wanted to know if we could get together. I texted her back right away and said yes and sent her the details. I then phoned Cathy to let her know I would be down with Kara tomorrow morning. I didn't bother to put on any clothes and stayed naked for the rest of the night.
Later when I was in my room and my parents were watching tv, I heard them talking and went to look. My mother was giving my father a hand job. Both of them saw me and my mother got up and took off her clothes. She then started to suck my father's cock. I decided to take a chance and walked over to them. They both knew I was there and kept going. I sat on the chair and watched them.
My mother got up and turned around so she was facing me and got on all fours. She then told my father to fuck her. He pulled off his underwear and I watched as he entered her pussy. I knelt on the floor beside them so I could see my father's cock being thrust in my mother's pussy. I reached up and caressed my mothers back. Then my father motioned for me to come closer.
He pulled his cock out of my mother and offered it to me. I sucked him a few times then he put it back into my mother's pussy. He switched his cock from my mother's pussy to my mouth a few more times.
Then my father pulled my head to my mother's pussy. I licked her pussy and ass. My father began fucking her again, so I started to eat her ass. My father grunted and then stopped with his cock buried in my mother's pussy as he came.
I pulled his cock out of her and put him in my mouth then sucked him clean. He backed away and I got behind my mother and ate her pussy, licking and sucking out my father's cum. My mother pulled away from me and turned around and we kissed.
She laid down on the floor on her back. She had me craw over top of her with my pussy over her mouth and she started to eat me, while I ate her. Then I felt my father behind me.
His cocked entered me and he fucked me as my mother sucked on my clit. I had an orgasm and was about to have another when I felt my father came in me. My father pulled out and I saw my mother suck his cock and then she continued to eat me.
I had a few smaller orgasms, then I had to pull away. I kissed my mother and sucked on her nipples, while we rested. I told her I love her. To this day I don't know if she knew that father had fucked me before that night or if she thought that was my first time. It doesn't really matter though, because from that day on, we all would have sex with each other.
I went to bed that night felling very content, I don't have to hide anything from my mother or father anymore.
In the morning, I just stayed naked, there was no need to have the pretense of getting dressed for anybody. I answered the door naked when Kara arrived. Kara asked me what about my parents. I wasn't ready to tell her all about us yet and just said they were at work.
I asked her to get naked and she did. We made out for a while and Kara said she wanted to return the favor I did for her the other day. Kara said she was actually dying to try it and moved to my pussy and began to eat me. She was inexperienced but she got better as she went.
I then felt her finger and her tongue on my ass hole. As she pushed her finger in to my ass, I had an orgasm. As she fucked my ass I had another and then another till I had to stop her. She licked my ass again and I saw her lick off her finger. We kissed some more and I asked her if that was the first time to eat ass. Kara said "with a girl, yes. I have done it before with a few guys."
We talked a little while and then I asked her if she would like to go to Cathy's house. Kara said "yes" and started to grab her clothes. I stopped her and said no need for them. Kara looked at me in disbelief. I grabbed her hand and said "lets go." Kara asked what about our clothes. I told her they would be here later.
We walked out the door and Kara looked terrified as I pulled her along. I told her to relax and she eased up a little. We rang to door bell at Cathy's house. Timmy answered the door and Kara was mortified.
I asked her if she wanted to stand out here all day as I started walking in the house. Kara followed me in and Cathy came over to us naked of course. Cathy and I kissed each other and rubbed each other's pussy as Timmy and Kara watched.
Then Cathy went over to Kara and kissed her and rubbed her pussy. Cathy's hand was all wet so she kept rubbing Kara's pussy and she had an orgasm and squirted on to the carpet. As she was coming down, I said "now that wasn't all that bad was it." Kara then began to smile.
Timmy said he was going out for a while to a friend's house and left us. Kara began to relax as we talked. We told her about Timmy seeing us nude and how we walk to each others house naked during the day.
Cathy told Kara about teasing her father and how much fun it was. After a while, Kara was more at ease being naked. I told Cathy about Kara eating my ass this morning, and Kara blushed. I asked if anybody has anything at all they would like to try today. Kara, still timid said "I would like to eat Cathy's ass."
Cathy happily said go for it. Kara had Cathy lay of the back of the sofa and I watched as Kara ate her ass. I found myself getting excited and went behind Kara and began to eat her ass. This only encouraged Kara more on her efforts with Cathy. Kara's pussy was dripping and so I fingered her ass and pussy and then Kara gave out a primal moan and a thick white liquid ran out of her pussy.
She had creamed. I have never seen that before and I scooped some up on my finger and tasted it. It was sweet and thick, like icing. I gathered up more on my fingers and let Cathy and Kara have a taste. We asked Kara how often she has done that and it was her first time.
We laid about and talked about everything and anything, till Timmy came back. Kara was more at ease now and Cathy asked Timmy if there was anything he wanted to do to any of us. Timmy looked at Kara and asked if he could fuck her ass. Kara gave a shrug and said "it is fine with me."
Kara got down on all fours and Cathy began to eat her ass. Timmy took over and Cathy got under Kara. As Timmy was fucking Kara, Cathy ate her pussy and then sucked Timmy's cock on occasion.
Kara had another huge orgasm and creamed again. Cathy licked her up and really liked the way she tasted. After Timmy came in Kara, Cathy and I sucked her ass and pussy till she stopped us. Timmy had enough for the day and went to his room.
We all decide to walk to my house and hang out there for a while. Kara was not nearly as nervous as she was this morning. Once we got there we told Kara about our little experiment with pissing and Kara said she wanted to try.
We all began to drink lots of water and after we had our first pee, Kara asked to be peed on first. We had Kara lay in the tub and Cathy straddled her head and peed. When Cathy was done, it was my turn to pee on Kara. Kara then peed on Cathy and I while we sat beside each other.
Afterwards, Kara said she liked being peed on. We all showered together and then dried off each other. I looked at the clock and it was getting late, Cathy's parent would be coming home soon. Cathy thought it would be funny if all three of us were naked if her father came home first. We walked back to Cathy's again and waited.
Once we were there, we remembered that we had no clothes to put on to walk home. Cathy said she would come up with something. We heard someone coming and looked out the window and it was Cathy's father. We all got on the bed with our asses up and pretended to look at a video on her laptop.
When Cathy's father looked in the room he saw three pussies. I would've liked to have seen his face. We didn't turn around till he said something. We all sat there with our legs open and our nipples hard while he talked with us.
I said well we must be going and Cathy said here you can try out these swim suits and got two little g-strings out of her drawer for us. She got the cut-off t-shirt and gave that to Kara and a bikini top for me. I thought I would take a chance and told Cathy that Kara and I would just make a mad dash for home, it would be fun. The three of us walked to the front door with Cathy's father following us. We walked outside and said good-by to one another and Cathy watched as began walking to my house.
I saw Cathy's father come out the door and watched us. I then saw Cathy and her father walk back in their house. Kara said when Cathy was talking about how fun it was to tease her father, she now understands and she is going to start teasing her father.
At my house, I asked Kara if she had any plans for tomorrow and she said "no". I told her if my mother cannot get off work tomorrow, which we will find out as soon as she gets home, would you like to stay the night and go with us to the lake tomorrow.
Kara was excited and said she would have to ask her parents, but it would probably be ok. Kara then asked me if your parents are going to be home shortly, shouldn't we be getting dressed. I told her no it is ok.
My mother came home and she could not get off tomorrow but could next Saturday. Kara called her folks and she could stay the night. When my father got home Kara was a bit shy being naked but soon became comfortable.
My parents went to their room and to the surprise of Kara came out naked. After dinner we got the boat and truck ready. My father wore his underwear and Kara and I were naked.
We all went in and watched some tv. While we were watching, I snuggled up to Kara and rubbed her breasts and pussy. We were sitting across from my parents and there we watching us as much as the tv. Kara was embarrassed, but I kept it up. I saw my father was starting to get hard so I took it he like the show we were giving him.
Kara was becoming too excited to stop me, so I began to kiss her and then moved to her breasts and sucked on her nipples. She started to breath harder. I got up and had Kara move to the floor and lay down while I got in to a sixty-nine position with her.
After I ate her for a while, I asked Kara if she minded if my parents play with us. Kara was too excited to care who was there and said they can do what ever they want. My mother joined me in eating her as my father went behind me and began to fuck me, then have Kara suck his cock.
After a while I felt a finger in my ass and thought it had to be Kara. Then I felt my fathers cock being pushed in my ass. I never felt anything so big in me before and I saw my mother go behind me.
Everyone was watching me being fucked in the ass. I looked back and saw my father take his cock out of my ass and Kara would suck it. I heard my mother say she wanted to try that. I felt a cock in my ass again and then it was out.
I saw my mother sucking my father's cock and then he fucked my ass some more. I was getting close to having an orgasm and then Kara chewed on my labia which sent me over the edge and I felt my father cum in my ass.
After a few more strokes my father pulled out and Kara sucked his cock clean. Then my mother got behind me and sucked on my ass while Kara sucked on my pussy. It was getting to be too much for me and I had to pull away from them. As I laid there and rested, Kara and my mother came over and kissed me. We all got cleaned up and then went to bed.
Morning came much sooner than I wanted it too. My father got us awake. I got my new mesh suit out and put it on. I got the black lace thong panties and white tube top for Kara and we got dressed, or should I say covered. We went down for some breakfast and my father saw my suit. He said he liked it and then said Kara looked beautiful too. We left for the lake and as we were going I remembered I did not bring any clothes with us, but I did not care. Kara was already excited, her panties were wet.
We got to the lake late, due to our activities last night, which made for a late night. There was quite a crowd at the boat ramp, all men. We waited for our turn and once we backed to the ramp we all got out. Kara was nervous with all the people there.
We were loading the boat with our gear and Kara was carrying the cooler. When she put it in the boat, her top fell down. There were plenty of people watching and it took her a while to get it up again. I could see her hard nipples and she had blushed.
I asked her if she was ok and she said that was great, she really like it. Kara asked if there is something else that can get caught on my top. I got one of the flotation cushions and without the others seeing, I put the strap through her top. I watched as she went back and put it in the boat. It pulled her top down again and she had to fiddle with the strap to get it undone. Now there we plenty of people watching her. I don't believe that anyone knew that my suit was mesh.
We got everything ready and got the boat in the water. Kara and I then move the boat to the dock. There were plenty of men close by and I saw them looking at us. I looked over and the two older gentlemen were there fishing so I pulled Kara along with me as we walked over to them. They said they we hoping to see me here today. The one said I like your suit. I told him thank you. Then they asked who my beautiful friend is.
Kara said hi to them and told them her name. The one said I see you had some trouble with you top over there. Kara blushed and said "yea."
I said it is a little to big for her and it falls off easily. Then I pulled on it and it fell down again. I told Kara here let me help you with that and I fiddled with it but kept her breasts visible for a while. I finally pulled up her top again.
One of the men said I don't think the top is too big, it looks to be the right size to me. I said to Kara we can switch tops and I pulled mine off and handed it to her and then pulled her top off. I helped her put on the top and then I put on the tube top. We had dozens of men watching us now.
Then I went a step further and said we might as well trade bottoms so we match. I pulled down Kara's panties and waited for her to step out of them. It took a moment for her to do so. I asked her if she wanted to remove my panties. She said yes and got behind me and pulled them down bending over as she did. I said here and gave Kara the panties to put on me and she got them pulled up.
I then told Kara I would help her. I pulled her panties part way up and stopped. I put my hand over her pussy and rubbed it a few times and she had an orgasm there in front of everyone. I then pulled up her bottoms. I told everyone that we have to go now and we walked back to the boat.
My father arrived shortly after and we left the dock with a growing number of men watching us. As soon as we were out of range of the men, Kara asked my father how long it would take to get to a fishing spot. He said about five minutes. Kara said will you fuck me then, I am so excited I am craving a cock in my pussy and was fidgeting about.
My father said if that is what you want. I reached over and rubbed her pussy, she had the suit and the seat wet. I moved to the floor in front of her and pulled on her bottoms. Once they were off, I told her to lean back. I touched her pussy with my hand and tongue and she had an orgasm and squirted all over me. I kept at it and Kara groaned and screamed and had a huge orgasm and creamed. I sucked up a mouth full and then shared it with her as we kissed.
My father stopped the boat and pulled his shorts down. I got out of the way and he shoved his cock in to the hilt on one stroke. Kara screamed again as he began to fuck her hard and she had another huge orgasm. I saw cream around her pussy. My father grunted as he came in her.
Kara laid back and fell still. My father pulled out and I ate her pussy. Kara began to move again and took several deep breaths and then sat up. She thanked my father and me and said she never ever had felt anything like that before. As Kara rested, I stripped and then my father and I began to fish. We all enjoyed the rest of the day just fishing and swimming.
It was getting late and we were ready to go home. We made our way back to the dock and Kara was becoming excited again. She wanted to showoff some more. She could not make up her mind which suit to wear.
The tube top falling down was a good excuse where the mesh bikini showed her off but she didn't want to be covered. She opted for the tube top and we got dressed just before we got to the dock. We checked out the situation and some women were there. This put a damper on our activities, as some women can be a real bitch.
We docked the boat and the two older men were there. As my father went for the trailer we went over to talk with them. They told us to be careful, there were a few men here this morning that said you should be arrested and they called the police. My buddy and I like to see you, but you should keep covered this time. We told them ok and thanked them. I said I would make it up to them some other time.
We went back to the boat and I sat down so no one saw me in my suit. When my father came down with the truck Kara and I loaded it quickly and I got in the truck. My father asked what's up and I told him what was said and he understood. Kara and my father unloaded the boat and we left without an incident. We talked about it as we drove home. We were getting too carried away with what we were doing, as much as we liked it, there are others who would be haters.
At home we unloaded everything, with Kara and I in our suits. Even though the end of the day was a downer for us we still had fun. Kara and I went in the house and showered together. We all kissed her and said good-by as Kara got dressed. Well mostly dressed, she left her underwear and bra off.
Kara thanked me for everything and said "we have to come up with something else to do together. Maybe you can come over and help me tease my father." We kissed one more time and then she left.
After dinner I called Cathy and told her we need to take it easy at the lake tomorrow. I told her to wear a normal swim suit and I asked her to bring an extra one for me. Cathy asked if I mind if she canceled and I told that was fine with me. I said I would talk to my father and maybe we should just skip going fishing tomorrow. Then Cathy gave me an update on her father after we left yesterday.
**** Cathy's side of the story
Cathy said:
When I walked in the house I saw my father's pants were tented out. As I walked by him, I reached out and squeezed his cock, then said I see you liked that. You know it is ok to look and touch. I emphasized touch. I got on my bed and raised my ass up again. He came in my room and I turned around and said see something you like and wiggled my butt.
He tentatively reached his hand to my ass and started to caress me. He moved his hand to my pussy. I was getting wet quickly. He then got behind me and licked me. That set him off and he ate my pussy. It felt so good, I had been waiting for him to touch me.
After a while, I pulled away from him. He must have thought I was going to stop him and he stood still. I got up and went over and knelt by him. I reached up and took off his pants and pulled down his underwear. I looked up at him as I grabbed his cock and swallowed it.
I pulled it out and said I have been waiting for this. I hope you have a big load for me and began sucking his cock. He came down my throat in less than five minutes. I sucked him clean as he went soft. I said in my best little girl voice, I am sorry, I was hoping you would fuck me with that cock. Maybe later. But you can eat my pussy some more if you like, but remember mom is going to be home shortly. When I mentioned my mother, it seemed to break him out of his trance. He told me later and I kissed him on the mouth and said I will be waiting.
**** End of Cathy's story back to normal