Debbie stood under the hot shower trying to wash away the smell of sex that clung to her body. Every muscle in her body ached from the fucking she had just been given by Master and his five friends. Her breasts felt like two pieces of raw meat hanging from her chest. They had been pinched, squeezed, bitten, spanked and used more thoroughly than she'd ever thought possible. She smiled as she scrubbed them down with her scented body wash. All those hands roaming over her body. All those mouths sucking and nibbling on her flesh. All those cocks emptying their loads over her tits, face and hair. She closed her eyes, recalling all the cocks she'd serviced over the last few hours. The pleased look on Master's face as she serviced cock after cock, reveling in the debauchery of every man who used her. She had been used and humiliated like a cheap whore, and she'd craved every minute of it. The sponge in her hand slid down the front of her body and between her legs. She smiled again as she thought about how her master had made it clear to each man that her pussy belonged to him, and him alone.
"Mom! I'm home!" Shelby yelled through the bathroom door.
Debbie was shocked back to reality hearing the sound of her daughter's voice. "I'll be right out!" She yelled back as she rinsed off.
Shelby was in the kitchen where Debbie joined her in her bathrobe. "What are you doing home so early? Everything okay at school?"
"Everything is fine! Why are you showering in the middle of the afternoon? You've never done that before." Shelby looked at her puzzled. Debbie was a creature of habit, and Shelby knew that. An afternoon shower was something Debbie had never done before.
"Oh, it's nothing! I was out shopping and it was so damn hot in that store. I just got all hot and sweaty." Debbie wanted to change the subject quickly. "Now answer my question. Why are you home so early?"
Shelby gave her sly smile. "Sure mom! Sure it wasn't because you were having hot sex?" She said teasingly. Debbie felt her blood pressure shoot up as her first thought was that her daughter knew what she had done. Shelby laughed. "I'm home early because I have some exciting news. My school is partnering with a school in Spain for exchanging students for a year. I was asked if would be interested in spending a year in Spain. You know how much I love learning the language." Shelby's explanation morphed into pleading if she could go without missing a beat. "I think this would be a great opportunity to learn the language and the culture! I would be living with a family, so I would be . . ."
"OK! OK! You don't have to sell me on it! We can talk it over when your father gets home this evening. When would this exchange take place?" Debbie hesitated. "If you go!" She emphasized.
"Sometime in August. Their school year is really similar to ours. It doesn't start till September, but they want us there to get comfortable with our new home and surroundings before school starts."
"OK! We'll talk about it later. Now go do your homework!" Shelby grabbed her books and headed upstairs. Debbie began to shake as the tension of the moment passed. Shelby's teasing brought a reaction from her she wasn't expecting. 'What have I become?' Her brain screamed. 'I was just taken by six men and I loved every minute of it. Now I want more! Is this what an addict deals with? Hating yourself while craving it?'
Debbie poured herself a tall glass of wine as she sat there deciding what to fix for dinner that evening. The alcohol had its intended calming affect on her nerves. As she was about to make her way upstairs to change, Stacy and Jeremy walked in the back door. "Hey mom!" Stacy said smiling.
"Good afternoon Mrs. Davis!" Jeremy greeted her with a smile, his eyes dropping to her cleavage that was on display. Her robe had fallen open just enough to give whoever might be standing in front of her an eyeful.
Debbie realized quickly what Jeremy was smiling about and pulled her robe closed, looking up at the two irritated that they had interrupted her quiet time with her glass of wine. "What is with this everyone coming home from school early today?"
"They let seniors out early today. Is everything ok?" Stacy asked a little ticked that her mom was irritated with her for coming home.
Debbie gave that flustered look. "Everything is fine. It's just been one of those days." In spite of her irritation with them, Debbie couldn't deny the feeling of her throbbing cunt as Jeremy leered at her breasts. She quickly composed herself. "So what are you two going to do with your free time?" She asked smiling.
"I was just dropping my stuff off." Stacy lied. They had intended to use her bedroom for some afternoon play. Time for plan B. "Jer and I are just going to go for a drive or something. Maybe run to the mall."
"Well have a nice time! Be back by 6:00. Your father is working late, again, so it will just be the three of us. Would you like to come for dinner this evening Jeremy?" Debbie asked still noticing his eyes dropping to her chest, even though there was nothing to see. Hope springs eternal.
"That would be great Mrs. Davis! Thank you!"
"Then I'll put a fourth setting out."
The two of them walked out to Jeremy's car. "Your mom sure is edgy at times," Jeremy said quietly so as not to be overheard by Debbie.
"Tell me about it! I think she just needs to get laid. I don't think her and dad ever do it anymore."
Jeremy climbed in the driver side and started up the engine. He looked over at Stacy with a wicked grin. "I'll be glad to fuck her if she needs it."
Stacy shot him a glare. "You would you sick bastard."
Jeremy shot her the same glare back. "That one will cost you bitch!" He was half teasing when he said it. He had noticed over the last few months that Stacy responded in ways he'd never imagined possible when he took control of her. What started out as playful teasing had evolved into some of the most intense fuck sessions either of them had ever had. Stacy's cunt twitched as Jeremy stared at her. She knew what was going to happen now, and she couldn't wait.
The two rode the rest of the way to his house in silence. Jeremy formulating in his mind what he wanted to do to her, while Stacy wondered what was going to happen with eager expectation. He pulled the car into the driveway and parked it. "Are you going to spank me?" Stacy asked in her sheepish little girl voice that she liked to use when they played like this.
Jeremy just smiled at her. "Get your ass in the house." Jeremy followed her as they walked in the back door. He led her to the family room which had a huge picture window that overlooked the backyard and driveway. That way he could see if his mom came home. He positioned Stacy in front of the window, then he sat down in the big plush easy chair across from her. "Now strip!" His tone had changed. He was now smiling as he anticipated the fun they were both about to have.
Stacy's eyes widened as she stood next to the window. She looked out at the backyard. "Anyone could see me!" She protested.
Jeremy just sat there waiting for her to do as she was told, knowing she would eventually. They were both new to this game, and each was a little unsure how they were supposed to respond to the other at times. Stacy unbuttoned her blouse facing Jeremy, but looking over her shoulder out the window. As her blouse dropped to the floor, she reached around her back to unsnap her bra. Stacy's tits weren't as big as her mom's DDs, but they were getting real close.
Jeremy smiled as her jugs flopped out. He was a tit man. He had lots of male friends. Some of them preferred a woman's legs. Some liked a nice ass. One of his buddies even had a thing for feet. That one Jeremy couldn't understand. But for the most part, most of his buddies loved a nice pair of tits on a woman. And several voiced their jealousy of him with Stacy on a regular basis. But she belonged to him, along with those luscious tits of hers.
Stacy peeled off her jeans and panties then stood before him naked and very self-conscious. She continued to glance over her shoulder out the window wondering if anyone was seeing all this. She was filled with a mixture of fear and excitement at the thought of being seen by someone.
"Get over here!" Stacy walked across the room and stood before him shaking with excitement. "What are you waiting for? You know how I like you!" Stacy giggled as she straddled his lap facing him. They had done this countless times before in his car when they parked someplace. Jeremy liked to have her feed him her tits as he sucked and ate on them. This always got Stacy turned on. Not only were her tits very sensitive, but straddling his lap always caused her clit to rub against his crotch. Jeremy knew how to work her body and get her turned on. And he always took his time so as to maximize her pleasure push her in her needs and desires. There had been a few times that his pants had become soaked from her juices as they gushed from her quivering pussy.
Stacy squealed with delight as Jeremy locked his mouth on her right tit and sucked it in, while he squeezed her left tit with his massive hand. Stacy wrapped her hands around his head and pulled it into her chest as his tongue teased her hardening nipple. "EEEAAAHHH! Oh Jer! I love it when you take my tits like that!" Stacy began to pant as Jeremy worked her tit, alternating between sucking on it gently and nibbling on it between his teeth. They had been together long enough now that he had learned all the things she liked having done to her. Stacy began to grind her pussy into his crotch as Jeremy feasted on her tits. After several minutes of licking, sucking and biting on her right tit, he switched his attention to her left one. Stacy let out another squeal of delight as her left tit now became the object of his passion. "Ooohhh baby!" Stacy moaned. "You're going to make me cum if you keep doing this!" Jeremy chuckled to himself as he intensified his efforts. 'I thought that was the whole idea' he thought to himself.
Jeremy felt her body begin to tense and her breathing become gasps as her orgasm built. He knew exactly what would send her over the edge. As he pinched her right nipple and played with it between his fingers, he reached around her bouncing ass and up between her soaked legs with his left hand. He coated his middle finger with her juices then felt for her ass. He smiled as he felt her rosebud. He shoved his finger in as far as the angle of his hand would allow.
Stacy threw her head back and squealed as her orgasm took control of her body. Jeremy did everything he could to keep his mouth locked on her tit as her body bucked and shook uncontrollably. He loved it when she climaxed. He'd only had a few girls before Stacy. But none of them were nearly as vocal as she was when it came to sex. Stacy bounced up and down trying her best to rub her engorged clit against his body. Stacy had had sex with a couple of boys before Jeremy came along. But none of them gave her the pleasure, or took their time with her, the way Jeremy did.
Jeremy wrapped his arms around her shaking body and held her tightly. Stacy continued to moan and grunt as her orgasm worked its way through her body. Finally she opened her eyes and focused on the top of Jeremy's head as his mouth stayed locked on her tit. She cradled his head in her hands and pulled him into her chest. Although this time her gesture was motivated not by lust, but by the desire to be one with this man who knew her, and knew how to pleasure her like no one before him had.
Stacy's grunts slowly morphed into deep guttural moans of pleasure as Jeremy continued to nurse from her sore tit. "Oh baby, you know how to make me feel so good!" Jeremy continued to play with her engorged nipple, teasing it with his tongue and pulling on it with his lips. He was just about to pull off her nipple and tell her it was his turn when he heard his mom's car pulling into the driveway. Stacy's pulse shot through the roof when she heard the car. She jumped off Jeremy's lap and scrambled gathering her clothes then ran into the bathroom next to the kitchen.
Jeremy couldn't help but laugh at how Stacy looked bent over running into the bathroom. He knew that was a close one. But then he began to wonder what his mom would have done had she caught them. She had always been open with him whenever it came to talking about sex. He knew she'd had a couple of boyfriends over the last couple of years. His dad had died when he was only 10. But then that's where his uncle Jack came in and really came to the rescue. His dad's brother stepped up and took on the role of helping Renee with the house and giving Jeremy a male figure to look up to. Through most of junior high and high school uncle Jack had spent time with him almost every week. Attending all his sporting events. Taking him to football and baseball games. Just being as much of a father to him as he could.
Jeremy had watched his mom date a couple different guys over the years. If he didn't like the guy, he did his best to scare them off. If that hadn't worked, uncle Jack was always there to lend a hand. His mom was an attractive woman with a great figure and big tits. He'd never fantasized about her, even though he knew some guys who had fantasized about their moms. But he did notice the numerous times uncle Jack gave her the look when she didn't notice it. He never knew why his uncle hadn't made the moves on her. He would have loved if the two of them had gotten together.
"Hey mom!" He greeted Renee as she walked through the back door into the kitchen.
"What are you doing home this time of day?" Renee asked as she put a bag of groceries on the island.
"We got out of school early today. Seniors only had a half day." Just then Stacy walked out of the bathroom, everything in place as though nothing had happened.
Renee gave her a sly smile knowing something had happened. "Hello Stacy."
"Hi Mrs. Devore! Need some help with the groceries?" Stacy asked trying to deflect that knowing look she was getting from Jeremy's mom.
"No sweetie. I'm waiting for that worthless son of mine to get his sorry ass off the couch and offer to help me."
Jeremy jumped up and headed for the back door. "Sorry mom!"
Renee turned her sly smile on her son. "You probably had other things on your mind."
Jeremy came back in with arms full of bags. "So what are you two going to do with a half day of no school?" Renee asked as she unpacked the groceries.
"I don't know." Jeremy replied as he helped. "Thought we might run to the mall."
"Hey! I have an idea! Why don't you go see your uncle Jack? You haven't seen him in months. And I don't think he's ever met Stacy."
Jeremy's eyes lit up. "That's a great idea!" He turned to Stacy. "I think you'll like my uncle."
"From all that you've told me about him, he sounds like a cool uncle."
Jeremy grabbed his phone and hit #4, uncle Jack's speed dial number. Several seconds later Jack answered. "Hey uncle Jack, this is Jeremy. I thought if you were home I'd stop by with my girlfriend and introduce you two. You haven't met her yet."
"Hey Jeremy, where you been? It's been awhile. Yeah, come on over. I just got home. I look forward to meeting her."
"Great! We'll see you in a bit."
It was about a 20 minute drive to Jack's house from Jeremy's. Jeremy looked over at Stacy as they drove with a smile. "You know you still owe me." He was still worked up from the session they'd just had in his living room.
Stacy reached over and cupped his cock in her hand as she returned his smile. "I know! Haven't I always taken care of you?" She squeezed his cock, feeling it harden in her hand. Jeremy moaned softly as her hand worked it's magic and brought his cock back to life. "Pull over someplace and let me take care of this for you." Before meeting Jeremy oral sex had always been something that had repulsed her. But as their relationship had grown, so had her tastes and desires. She had developed a taste for cock, and a desire to please Jeremy. Somehow she knew those two things were inseparable. The more she pleased him, and he expressed that to her, the more she wanted to please him. But she also had to admit to herself, she had grown to love the taste of his cum.
Right next to Jack's place was an older farm house that had sat abandoned for years. It had been a foreclosure. But now, after sitting vacant for so many years, it needed far more work than anyone was willing to put into it to make it livable. Jack had talked a couple of times about buying the place and renovating it. But nothing had ever come of it. The house had a long driveway leading up to it, like Jack's house did. And it was far enough off the main road that it gave a measure of seclusion, such that the only place it was visible to was Jack's house.
Jack sat on his front porch awaiting their arrival when he saw Jeremy's Camaro driving up the neighboring driveway. "Now what the hell is he driving up there for?" He said to no one but himself. He could see them both sitting in the front seat. He watched Jeremy park the car beside the house, and then Stacy's head drop from view. He laughed out loud.
Jeremy's head dropped back as Stacy's mouth engulfed his meat. "OH FUCK! Damn you are good!" Stacy's head bobbed up and down on his shaft as her right hand massaged his nut sack. She smiled to herself at his words of praise. The sensations she was giving Jeremy were incredible. No matter how many times she went down on him, it never got old. Her mouth felt like liquid velvet, sucking the life right out of him. Jeremy grabbed a handful of her hair and held tightly. Stacy loved it when he grabbed her that way. It gave her that feeling of being possessed and dominated. A feeling she was growing to love and need.
He pulled her head off his cock. "You enjoy being my cock sucking slut?"
Stacy gasped for breath as she responded. "You know I do baby. I love being your slut!" Another aspect of their relationship that had evolved was her craving for being talked dirty to. She loved it when he called her names, or degraded her verbally. She knew it was in fun and only in the heat of the moment. Jeremy had nothing but respect for her in public.
Jeremy shoved her head back down. "Then you suck that cock you dirty whore! Make me glad you're my slut!"
Stacy renewed her efforts, her spit and drool running down the length of his shaft. Within minutes Jeremy was pumping his load into her warm soft mouth. Stacy swallowed all of his precious seed the way she knew he liked. His body stiffened and shook as cock filled her mouth. Even as his orgasm began to wane, Stacy continued to lovingly suck and lick the length of his shaft until he was completely done.
Jack chuckled when he saw Jeremy's girlfriend's head come back into view. "Good for you boy! Good for you!"
Jeremy's car drove slowly up the driveway as Jack sat on the front porch watching them approach. Jeremy climbed out of his car smiling at Jack. "Hey uncle Jack! It's been too long!" Just as Jack was about to respond Stacy climbed out of the passenger's side. Jack stared at her in amazement. She was the spitting image of Debbie, just 20 years younger. He had no idea who she was. "Uncle Jack, this is my girlfriend Stacy."
Jack stepped down off the porch and approached them with hand outstretched. "Nice to meet you Stacy," he said as he shook her hand. He then looked at Jeremy. "She's gorgeous! You're a lucky man!" He returned his look back to Stacy. "Is he treating you good?"
"Oh, yes sir!"
"Good! He better be! Or I'll kick his sorry ass!" He paused. "I know you're treating him good." He looked back at Jeremy. "You two have enough fun over at the old farmhouse?"
Jeremy's eyes bugged out as he looked over at the farmhouse they'd just come from and noticed for the first time that the front porch of his uncle's house had an unobstructed view of where they had just parked. He didn't know what to say as his eyes darted back and forth between the farmhouse and his uncle. Jack just laughed some more. "Relax! Let's go inside!"
Jack led them into the house as they followed right behind him staring at each other. "So how you been Jer?" Jack asked as they sat down in the living room.
"I've been good uncle Jack. A few more weeks and I'll be done with high school." Jeremy looked at Stacy. "We both will. And I can't wait."
Jack noticed how they looked at each other. "Good for you two. How long you two been going together?"
"About 3 months now."
"I was going to say," Jack interjected. "I don't remember you mentioning Stacy the last time we spoke. But I guess that was about 4 months ago now. Wow, time flies." Jack paused for a second. She looked so much like Debbie it was uncanny. "You mind if I ask what your last name is Stacy? You look just like a lady I met a couple months back."
"My last name is Davis."
Jack just started to laugh. "Well I'll be damned." Jeremy and Stacy just looked at each other, not sure what was so funny. "I'm sorry!" Jack continued to chuckle. He decided to change the subject. "So what are you two doing after graduation?"
The three of them talked for the next two hours. Finally Stacy reminded Jeremy they needed to get home for dinner. As they were walking out the door Jack added, "Say hello to your mom for me. Ask her if she remembers me."
Stacy smiled at him. "I'll do that."
Jack grabbed Jeremy by the arm as Stacy walked to the car. "Can you come back after dinner?" He whispered.
"Sure uncle Jack. Is everything ok?"
"Everything's fine. I just want to talk to you more about your plans, and your girlfriend." The two of them smiled at each other. Jeremy had always found it easy to talk to Jack about his relationships with girls and sexual things.
Jeremy and Stacy walked in the back door just as Debbie was setting the table. "What did you two do this afternoon?
"We took a drive out to visit Jeremy's uncle Jack. He seemed like a really neat uncle."
Just the mentioning of the name Jack caused Debbie's pulse to quicken. "Oh that's nice!"
"Yeah," Stacy continued. "He said to say 'hello' to you. He didn't know if you'd remember him. Said you two met a few months back." Debbie froze. "His name is Jack Palmer."
Debbie almost dropped the stack of dishes she was holding. "Yes!" She choked out with a dry mouth. It felt like her heart was going to pound right out of her chest. "I think I remember meeting him."
"Well," Stacy repeated herself, "he said to say hello."
Shelby joined them as they sat down at the table for dinner. Bob, Debbie's husband, was working late again that night. As the various dishes were passed around and then discussion began, Jeremy kept stealing glances at Debbie's chest. No matter how many times he saw a nice pair of tits, he could never see enough of them.
Debbie felt his gaze on her without even looking at him. Between Jeremy's leering at her chest and the discovery that he was her master's nephew, Debbie felt her body tensing. She felt like crawling out of her skin. She pushed her chair back to excuse herself to calm herself in the powder room off the kitchen. As she did so she looked up briefly at Jeremy. Their eyes met. Her pussy twitched as he smiled at her. It wasn't a warm, welcoming smile, but the smile a man gives a woman when he knows the desires she's struggling with. Somehow this young man knew her in a way other men didn't. She began to wonder if master had spoken to Jeremy about her. "I'll be right back."
"You ok mom?" Shelby asked.
"I'm fine dear!" Debbie almost stumbled over her chair trying to navigate around it.