These are emails exchanged between Bryony and John;
From John
So you have fantasies about becoming a submissive do you? Be careful what you wish for young lady. I am an older man. I think you will find that I'm a benevolent leader. Are you willing to submit? Check me out on Lit. I am teacherman15.
From Bryony
I was rash to make that comment in my Literotica biography details. I have now rewritten them. But thanks for the email anyway. If I decided to submit what would I be letting myself in for?
From John
I liked your reply. Well I demand complete honesty from you and I hope that you will come to trust me. I have a very good nose for bullshit so if you try any I will break off contact immediately. Of course that goes for you too. You don't have to follow any of my instructions—just break off contact. You will still have the free will to do that with no repercussions, okay? But if I'm guessing right you'll enjoy this so much you won't want it to stop. I'll need some personal details first of all. Tell me about your relationships, your work, your age, things like that. I'll say a bit about myself but I want more from you, okay? This is not going to be an equal relationship is it?
I'm a retired headteacher aged 55. I live alone, I do tutoring part time but have a good pension so don't really need the money.
From Bryony
Here goes. I'm twenty-seven years young and not very sure where my life is headed at the moment. I don't want to get into my thirties drifting along like this. It feels like I'm sleepwalking through my life. I'm also a bit lonely which seems silly when I'm in a relationship with someone. Me and Rick have lived together for the last five years. There are no kids. We were seeing each other for about eighteen months before that. We live in the Northwest of England. Rick's always been unhappy in his job and he recently applied for and got another one over on the North East coast. I understand his need to change. The firm he worked for are struggling and he believed he was the next in line for redundancy. His new job is in computers so he can use stuff he learned for his degree. The worst of it is, he's taken quite a drop in wages; just temporary, he says. I have to keep my job to pay the mortgage on our house.
With his job being over a hundred miles from where we live he can't travel home daily so I'm only seeing him at weekends. He's stopping at his brother's during the week. He loves the job. He's a nice man but it's obvious this change is putting a strain on our relationship. I have not been too happy about our sexual relationship over the last eighteen months. I've suspected him of having an affair. We were at it like rabbits when we first started seeing each other and I was very happy about that. Lately it's been me who reaches for him in bed at night. Sometimes he turns his back and makes it obvious he's not interested.
I'm an office worker inputting computer data and answering the phone. It pays quite well.
I began trying to find erotic literature, 30 Shades of Grey started me off. I read it through in one go starting off on a weekday when Rick was away and reading right through the night. I know the main character is younger but I identified with her. Perhaps I lack confidence in the same way. I wanted a millionaire to whisk me away in his helicopter and tie me up and fuck me. After getting through all the Shades of Grey books I struggled to find others that were able to meet my need. Then a friend put me on to Literotica. I could put in a few key words and often find what I wanted. Opening an account made it easier to keep a track on favourite stories and authors. I even sent one in myself which is how you found me. I was upset by some of the feedback from my story but now realise there are trolls out there who are just out to destroy your confidence.
Rick leaves the house early each Sunday evening and returns late on a Friday night. The weekdays tend to drag a bit so I bought myself a laptop. I hide it under a loose floorboard in the spare room. I created an email address of my own without telling Rick as Literotica asked for one. I want stories to help me reach orgasm but many of them portray women as one dimensional so I tried to write a better one. It's not as easy as it seems. I've read some of your stuff. It's well written and it turned me on. You seem to understand women and you used the word "benevolent" in your email. That's why I want to start exchanging emails. The thought of carrying out your instructions is already making me wet. But life doesn't always come up to our expectations.
I've always been a truthful person and everything I have said is correct. I'm not trying to impress you so there's no reason for me to lie. How am I to address you? Do I call you sir?
Email from John
Hello Bryony
Yes, you can call me sir for the time being. You have given me quite a lot about yourself. So far it has come over as truthful, so thank you. I'm afraid I am not a very trusting person so I will be asking for some proof of your obedience as time goes on. Please don't take it personally.
You are living a double life at the moment and I want you to take it a step or two further. There's your life with Rick at weekends, then your life on your own in the week; separate them as much as possible. You will try to avoid phone discussions with Rick on week days. Send him short texts if you must. Never answer calls from him. He will no doubt leave you messages. Put him off, tell him you can talk about it at the weekend. Pretend to be busy. He's chosen to leave home to pursue another career. So why not punish him a little. You might enjoy it, it sounds like there are some angry feelings, am I right?
You will wear different clothing at weekends to what you wear on weekdays. When you see Rick, keep your body covered at all times. Wear trousers and jeans, long sleeved tops with collars, bras that cover every inch of your breasts. I am sending you a link to an underwear firm who sell big knickers also known as "passion killers". Buy a few pairs unless you already have them and wear them throughout the weekend. Being a man he will probably not notice the change but at a subconscious level he will be less likely to perceive in a sexual way, as he will have done before. Wear your least sexy nightie in bed or better still start wearing men's pyjamas. I don't want to see any pictures of you at this point but you will photograph the bras, knickers and night attire as weekend clothing for me and send them as attachments to an email. Do not approach him for sex but accept if he asks you. In contrast you will sleep naked at night during the week.
During the week you will always wear a dress or skirt. If the women at work all wear jeans most days do it anyway, it's summer at the moment and they'll get used to it. Do not wear leggings or tights under the skirt, stockings and suspenders are fine or holdups, but this time of year, go bare legged. I want you to dress as sexily as possible on weekdays, so show as much cleavage as you dare, not just at work, wherever you go.
If you go along with this I am expecting you to increase the frequency of masturbation. Please let me know about that. It is very important that you desist at weekends.
That's it for now. Oh, it might be helpful if you tell me your bust size. Send me another email in a week with a full report and with the photos.
From Bryony
Hello sir,
It seems an age since I got your email, I so wanted to reply immediately but it is my aim to be obedient sir. I am finding it arousing following your instructions. Frequency has gone from weekly to every other day except at the weekend of course. I am moving in my chair as I type this and may have to type one handed.
I am finding it difficult to get to sleep at night without my nightie or any panties. I'm hoping that I will get used to it in time.
It was not difficult to find your passion killers in town. The bra and nightie are my own. I've usually worn them in the colder weather, (see pictures). In spite of all the dressing down I was feeling quite randy all weekend and on the Saturday night we did it when we went to bed. Rick is not a fool and must have worked out that I was up for it but I didn't actually grab his penis or anything like that. However I did brush against it with my knee. Are you angry with me sir? I have had fantasies about being spanked but know you cannot do that to me. I have tried to follow all your other instructions to the letter.
I managed to avoid speaking to Rick on the phone as you asked. I told him it only upsets me so we will keep in touch by texts from now on. I've had to buy a few lower cut tops suitable for work and had a good search through my wardrobe for skirts. The men at the office have been a lot more friendly. They all know I'm on my own during the week and probably think my new clothing indicates I'm available. I've mainly worn jeans or thin trousers if it's warm weather so it's been quite an adjustment to go back to skirts again. It made me feel like a schoolgirl, our school only allowed skirts. Knowing I was following your instructions gave me a tingly feeling, especially remembering your career in teaching. I had a crush on the Geography teacher at our school. He was kind and ever so good looking.
My bra size is 28C. I know my breasts are fairly small and hope you are not disappointed. It's driving me mad wondering why you asked me for that information! Whatever pleases you pleases me sir. I am yours to command.
From John
Bryony, I think you know you have stepped out of line. I am disappointed that it happened so soon. You must know that my relationship with you is primarily about sex. So far my instructions do not seem to me to have been particularly onerous. There will inevitably be repercussions. Naturally I am happy about your compliance with everything else I asked you to do and the pictures are fine. But please try to keep texts down to a minimum. Let Rick do most of the texting.
It wasn't my intention to bring this up until later but it is my aim to bring out your inner slut. You have already taken a few hesitant steps in that direction. You are not to initiate sex with Rick. If he asks you must fulfil your wifely duty but no more. Lie there passive, stay fairly quiet, moan if you have to but no words, okay? You are now my slut not Rick's slut. Things may change down the line but do as I say now.
This may push you away but I need you to show your willingness in words. Send me a short reply immediately using these words and only these words. "I am willing to be trained to be a slut for you."
Now for your punishment; whilst Rick is away this week you will strip off all your clothes and walk to the bottom end of your back garden at some time after it has gone dark. By all means wear shoes but nothing else. Stand there for a count of ten then walk back again. I expect to receive a full description in your next email.
You are now getting used to skirts and dresses during the week. Continue as before but go a little bit further. I am sending you a link to an online shop selling shorter skirts than you will be used to wearing. Back in the 1960s many women got used to wearing miniskirts so short that it was easy to catch the occasional glimpse of their panties. You will buy at least one miniskirt from that shop, (photo again please) and take a walk in your local park wearing it. Go out one evening after work. Sit on one of the park benches. If no-one is looking, or if you dare, even if they are, practice crossing and recrossing your legs to show glimpses of thigh. If a man on his own tries to talk to you, smile and answer politely. Do not flirt but take time to enjoy his attention. No doubt he wants to fuck you. Think about that, then find a way to get rid of him. Be firm.
You will wear the skirt without panties around the house for the rest of the week. Enjoy the sensuality of it. Imagine going out without panties on. You will be soon. Take a pair of scissors to your pubes but do not shave them off entirely. I don't want Rick to become too alarmed if he fucks you this weekend. I notice that you shy away from using the proper Anglo-Saxon words in your emails. That must change Bryony. I want to see fuck, cunt and cock appearing in your emails in future and any other words of a similar kind.
On Friday you will wear the miniskirt to work. In your lunch hour you will go to a shoe shop and try on some shoes. Ask a shop assistant to help you put them on. Be prepared for the assistant to be male. Tell me in your next email what it was like showing your knickers to the assistant. Also on Friday you will go to work without a bra. The size of your breasts indicate to me that, for you, a bra is completely superfluous, so from that day on you will not wear a bra during the week. Men will notice especially if you wear thin tops. Enjoy them staring at you.
Finally I need you to tell me in next week's email about some sexual incident in your past life that you are ashamed about. Hopefully it might involve you doing something naughty that you have not told Rick. Send me the one sentence email today then the other in seven days time.
From Bryony
I am willing to be trained to be a slut for you.
From Bryony
Hello sir,
Your last email sent me into a spin. I spent over an hour debating with myself about offering myself up for slut training. After I'd decided to go for it I sent the email and stroked my cunt to a very satisfying orgasm.
Thank you for the new instructions and your punishment (which I deserved). I am very sorry for my transgression. I confess to being shocked about some things you asked of me but I am determined to serve you and fulfil your wishes. And I find that I am enjoying my training sir.
I looked at the weather forecast for Monday night. It was warm and there was no moon. I waited until 1am then stripped off all my clothes. It took quite an effort of will to step out of our back door. It wasn't quite pitch dark but dark enough for me to wait just inside until my eyes adjusted. There was nobody around and yet it seemed so naughty to be outside with my tits and cunt on display. Whilst I was standing at the bottom counting, a noise made me jump but it was only next door's cat. It approached and brushed itself against my leg so I bent and stroked it before walking back to the house. Once in bed with a hot water bottle I found I needed to masturbate as I thought about what I had just done. It helped me get off to sleep.
My new rabbit vibrator is getting used every weekday at the moment. I planned to try to wait until bedtime as it's an aid to sleep but Thursday and Friday I used it twice so my cunt was sore. Luckily Rick didn't fuck me this last weekend. You said I'm not allowed to refuse him didn't you? We went for a walk together on Sunday. We both enjoyed it.
I've bought two of the skirts you suggested, see pictures. They must be three or four inches shorter than any I have worn before. I put one of them on and drove to a park as you suggested. Although it was a nice evening there was nobody much around, just a gang of kids, boys and girls, but they left me alone. I sat for a while crossing and recrossing my legs as you asked, wondering how much thigh I was showing. There was a chilly wind and with just the skirt and a pair of white cotton panties to guard my nether regions I quickly walked back to the car. Once inside the house I removed the panties, (they were damp at the crotch). I have found that sitting around the house with no knickers on has been quite a turn on. I'm thinking about your comment that you will expect me to go outside like that. It scares and excites me in equal measure. All week I was dreading Friday but also looking forward to it. This is something I could never have done without your instructions.
I have always worn a bra since puberty so this in itself was a big deal. I'll admit that sometimes I was wearing a bit of padding at times due to my embarrassment about having small breasts. I avoided wearing anything too thin over my tits and was hoping no one would notice. Nobody said anything but there were a lot of comments about me showing a lot more leg and I noticed men and women staring more than usual. I could hide my legs under my desk whilst I was working but got so aroused that I had to make a trip to the toilet to make myself orgasm before I even went to the shoe shop. Fortunately I was able to change panties before lunch.
I found a shop as far from work as I could go in the time I had. An older man served me. My hands were shaking and I was making such a poor job of putting the shoes on that he was down on his knees helping me slide them on without me needing to ask him. I don't know how many times this had happened to him but he stayed calm and professional. The bulge in his trousers was not too obvious but he spotted me looking and smiled without any trace of embarrassment. Deliberately showing a complete stranger my panties for the first time is something I will never forget. My face must have been bright red and I left the shop in rather a hurry. That afternoon a work colleague asked me if I would like to go for a drink with him after work. I said I needed to get home to tidy up before Rick got back. I was polite and friendly and genuinely pleased that he'd asked.
I do have a guilty secret. No-one knows about it except the man involved. He's a lot older than me; in fact he was just about to retire when it happened. Although he was a high up in the company I work for I had always got on well with him. We enjoyed the same sense of humour and laughed a lot in each other's company. I could tell he fancied me and I fancied him in a way. I'd worked as his PA for a while, that's how we first got to know each other. I liked the way he treated me as if I was his equal. I was up for promotion and knew there were two or three other candidates. We were joking around as usual and he said he would be on the interview panel.
"I could get you this job you know but you'll have to give me a BJ?" he said, but his giggle at the end told me it was said in fun.
I stopped laughing and eyed him seriously. "You could get me the job, how come?"
"I know the others on the panel, they trust my judgement -they'll do as I say," he said.
"Okay, you're on. I'll make it your retirement present from me," I said.
"Look Bryony, you know I was only joking don't you?" There was no-one around so I gave him a kiss, smack on the lips and he returned it. We arranged to work late one night and I sucked him off. I enjoyed it but he left the company shortly after and I didn't see him from then on. Sure enough I got the promotion.
It has been a pleasant memory that I have used in masturbatory fantasies over the last year or two. I feel compelled to tell you the absolute truth sir because I am yours to command. I can't wait to read your next set of instructions.