I was almost asleep, and then Angie rolled over in the bunk bed above me again, causing it to creak. She was often restless in her bunk, and I was a light sleeper. Tonight she was keeping me awake, and I was starting to get annoyed. For five more minutes, I struggled to sleep, but Angie kept shaking our bunks as she tossed and turned.
Finally, I was about to slip away into dreamland when an unexpected sound brought me back to full consciousness. It sounded like—could it be someone fucking? I sat totally still and silent and listened as closely as possible. There was no doubt about it. Someone was having sex. I could hear the familiar rhythmic rocking of a bed and a female voice grunting in delight. It sounded like it was coming up through the floor. I guess one of the boys in the room beneath ours was getting it in.
It had been far too long since my pussy had gotten a good, satisfying fucking. I had been ready to fall asleep moments ago, but now I could feel moisture growing between my legs. The fucking couple was turning me on. Very cautiously, I let my right hand drift under my panties. Careful not to make any movements that Angie could detect, I let my fingers dip inside. God, I was soaked. Very gently I brought them up to my clit. It was throbbing, begging me to rub it. I reluctantly withdrew my hand. It wasn't like I could just masturbate with my roommate lying in the bed right above me.
Above me, I could hear Angie shift again. Could she hear the fucking, too? And then I heard the female voice speaking. I could faintly make out the words, "That feels amazing, Mike!"
Just then, Angie climbed off the bed and was standing on the floor next to me. I closed my eyes and stayed perfectly still, feigning sleep. Angie lingered next to me for a moment, then opened the door and stepped out of the room. I had fooled her into thinking I was asleep.
Listening attentively to the fucking in the room below me, it took a minute for me to realize that I had the room to myself. Did I have time to get my pussy off before Angie returned? Probably not. How frustrating.
The intensity of the sex below me was picking up. I could hear the girl making louder noises, and then all of a sudden I could hear the girl coming—and announcing it! "I'm gonna. Mike--it's gonna. My pussy is gonna come. Mike. Mike! It's cumm---! Ohhhhhhhhhhh Fuuuuuuck."
My cunt was screaming at me for attention, and there was no controlling it now. I had to rub it. It needed to come. It demanded an orgasm.
I pushed my pajama bottoms and panties off and pulled the sheets of the lower bunk up over my lower naked half. After dipping my middle finger into my drenched opening, I began to gently rub and my clit with it. God it felt so good.
I could hear the lucky girl moaning even louder than before, and the bedframe below was banging against the wall. The copulating couple was making no effort to hide its activities. They sounded so hot. My fingers ran over my pussy faster and faster, willing my way toward orgasm.
From the room beneath me, I heard the satisfied girl screaming about another orgasm. "I think—it's gonna—I think—I'm gonna—come. My pussy!—is gonna!-come!"
As I listened to the boy—Mike was his name—fuck the girl to another soaring climax, I realized how much I yearned for a hard cock to fuck. I wanted to trade places with the orgasming girl. I wanted my pussy pumped aggressively by a strong, hard dick until it was satisfied. No. It was more than desire. My pussy needed to get fucked. It demanded sex.
I rubbed my pussy with increased earnestness, racing toward an impending orgasm. As my right hand worked furiously at my clit, I reached my left hand down and began pumping two fingers in and out of my soaked opening. Mike was still fucking the lucky girl like he was some kind of machine, no doubt railing her toward a third orgasm. Oh god, my pussy adored the sexy noises they were making.
I rubbed faster and twisted my fingers deeper into my cunt. My breathing came fast, and I panted uncontrollably, tightening my legs and arching my back. The first waves of orgasm began to rise outward from between my legs. My pussy needed this climax more than it had ever needed a climax before.
Suddenly the door burst open and light from the hallway flooded in at me. Angie was back, and she was looking right at me. I stopped masturbating, leaving my cunt right on the brink, ruining the massive orgasm that had been about to overtake me.
I had been caught jilling. There was no mistaking what I was up to. I was breathing loudly—panting, really—and the room smelled strongly of my soaked pussy.
In that instant, as Angie stood by the door looking at me, it's hard to say if I was more embarrassed or more frustrated by my ruined orgasm. I could still hear fucking coming up from beneath us, and my pussy was still imploring me to claw at it till it came. But I couldn't just masturbate with my roommate in the room like some kind of insane sex addict, right?
After what seemed like an eternity, Angie climbed back onto the top bunk of her bed. I was completely humiliated. Could I ever look my roommate in the eye again?
Over the sound of the still-fucking couple below, Angie broke the awkward silence. "Kristen? I know you're awake."
"What?" I responded sheepishly.
"Listen. I know you were masturbating. And it's okay. I left the room earlier so that I could masturbate, too. I was frustrated, and I needed to get off."
Her admission stunned me. I said nothing. Angie paused. From the room below the sound of fucking was growing louder. In the silence, Angie and I could both hear the girl coming again, announcing her third orgasm. My jealous pussy ached with desire.
"It was silly for me to leave the room", Angie continued. "Neither of us should have to leave our room just because we need to rub one out." She paused for a moment again. "Listen, Kristen. I want you to finish. It really won't bother me. This is your room, and you should feel free to touch yourself in here any time you like. And that means whether I'm here or not."
The sound of satisfying sex continued to rise up through the floor into our room. I was uncertain if Angie was serious about her proposed arrangement, but my pussy desperately wanted to come. I finally managed to speak. "Are you sure, Angie?"
"I'm 100% sure. As long as you let me touch myself whenever I need to in here, too," Angie answered confidently.
"That's a fair deal," I replied. And I resumed touching myself immediately. Again, my right hand probed greedily at my clit while my left hand pumped in and out of my pussy. I was working at myself rapidly, jostling the bunkbed as I masturbated.
In the room below, Mike was apparently unrelenting. Sounds of fucking continued to fill our room. "God, Angie. I wish I were the girl that was getting fucked right now."
"There are two. Two different girls getting fucked by the same guy," Angie clarified.
That thought turned me on even more. This Mike was satisfying more than one girl. He sounded superhuman. I wanted him—I wanted him to fuck my pussy. "Then I wish I were either one of them. Or a third girl in there with them. I just want to get fucked."
I rubbed furiously at my clit. I was on the edge of my climax again.
"Kristen," Angie spoke. "I'm touching myself, too. I can't help it. I'm just too turned on."
It was the end for me. The sound of Mike fucking two girls, my ruined orgasm, and now the fact that my roommate was masturbating in the bunk directly above me, it was too much. The sheer ludeness of it all was more than I could take.
My pussy clenched and came, throbbing violently and shooting electricity through my body. "Ohhhh gaaaaaaaaaawd," I bellowed. "Fuuuuuuuck." As my cunt shuddered over and over again, I lifted my pelvis into the air, fucking it up at no one in particular. No orgasm had ever consumed me as fully as the one roaring through me at that moment, and I grunted and panted involuntarily from the beginning to the end of it.
After what seemed like an eternity, the convulsions slowed, and I pulled my hands away from my pussy, smiling gently and trying to catch my breath.
"It sounded like you needed that," Angie observed, as she continued to finger herself.
"Yes," I managed between breaths. "Badly. You have no idea."
We could still hear wails of pleasure from the first floor. Mike pumped away at one of the girls, or maybe both of them. "I want him to fuck my pussy, too, Kristen. I want Mike to fuck it," Angie confessed to me. I could tell she was jilling with increased enthusiasm, because now she was shaking the bunk as her hand rubbed over her clit.
"Me, too." I agreed. "It's been too long since my pussy has seen a cock, and it's hungry for one."
The bunkbed shook faster and faster as Angie masturbated, until finally she moaned and announced, "It's coming! Kristen!--It's coming now!" Angie's climax devoured her. I had never been in the same room as another orgasming girl before, and the sound of Angie getting off just a few feet above me was incredibly erotic. I especially liked the way she called my name as she hit her peak.
As Angie came down, the mating sounds in the room below finally subsided. Perhaps Mike was subject to normal human limitations on sexual endurance after all.
"I'm going to bed, Angie," I said. She did not respond. Perhaps she was still catching her breath. I didn't care. My pussy was satisfied. I closed my eyes, and the darkness quickly consumed me.