The first time Hannah saw Terry was just two days after he was born. Her family was the first to visit the Parkers when they brought their newborn home from the hospital. The Parkers and the Johnsons had been friends ever since Ben and Cindy Johnson had moved into the neighborhood ten years ago when Hannah was only two years old. Cindy had been nervous about being the only black family in an all white neighborhood, but the Parkers had immediately welcomed them to the neighborhood and included them in all the neighborhood parties and cook outs. The whole neighborhood had watched Hannah grow from a cute little two year old to a pre teen.
Over the next 10 years, she continued to be the baby sitter for little Terry whenever the Parkers went out. She baby sat all through middle school and high school. Hannah was the salutatorian of her class. Although she was a little thin, she still measured a respectable 33-23-35 and had become a very attractive young lady. And when Hannah graduated, she attended a college in a nearby town so she could live at home and commute. She continued to watch Terry on weekends while attending college. Terry and Hannah had a great relationship. She played basketball with him and tossed the baseball around with him. Terry thought that Hannah was OK. For a dumb old girl, that is.
After Hannah graduated from college, she took a job teaching general science and chemistry in the local high school. Two years later, Hannah married Frank Taylor when she was 24 years old. When Terry was 15 years old, Hannah was his science teacher, and two years later, his chemistry teacher. Being in high school, his opinion of girls had changed quite a bit, and he spent quite some time enjoying looking at Hannah in class. Terry was never a great student, but he managed to get "Bs" in science and chemistry because Hannah was able to get him to buckle down and work.
During his years in middle school and high school, Terry developed a talent for woodworking. He spent most of his free time working in the woodshop that his dad let him make in the back of the garage. He built new kitchen cabinets for his parents and a new nightstand for his mother. He repaired and built things for most of the neighbors and even made a jewelry box for Hannah.
Terry realized that he wasn't college material so after he graduated from high school, he took additional training to become a carpenter, and by the time he was 21 years old, he had bought a pickup truck and was hiring out as a general contractor and handy man. He did everything from installing roofs, to room renovations and additions, to interior remodeling, to special order furniture. Although he still used the wood shop in his dad's garage, he bought a fixer-upper colonial style house and was living in the bedroom and kitchen while remodeling the rest of the house in his spare time. The house had ten rooms and sat on over an acre of land.
When Hannah turned 28, she began asking Frank if they could have a baby. Frank continued to put her off, saying that he would think about it after he got a better job. Unfortunately, Frank never seemed to hold a job longer than about a year before getting fired or getting mad and quitting. After seven years of marriage, Frank Taylor started using Hannah as a punching bag. When she tried and failed to get him to counseling, Hannah divorced him. She ended up having to pay Frank $15,000 for his half of the house, which pretty much wiped out her savings account. But to get rid of him, it was worth it.
So at 32 years old, Hannah found herself single. Unfortunately, she also found herself with a house that now had a leaking roof that had damaged a few pieces of the vinyl siding. She called her dad and asked what she should do, and he suggested that she call Terry.
"Hi, Terry. Do you have a minute? This is Hannah Johnson."
"Hannah Johnson?" he asked.
She laughed. "Yeah. I used to be Mrs. Taylor, but when I got my divorce, I went back to Johnson."
"Oh hi, Mrs. Taylor. I mean Ms, Johnson."
"Come on Terry. Call me Hannah. OK?"
"OK Hannah. What can I do for you?"
"My roof is leaking and it broke a few piece of my siding off. Can you come over and look at it sometime soon?"
"Sure. I can stop after work today, Hannah. Give me your address."
Hannah was on her porch swing when Terry pulled his truck up in front of her house. She was wearing a tank top and a pair of shorts. When he got out, he waved and started up the walk. Hannah smiled and thought that he had turned out to be a good looking young man. "Hi Terry," she said. "Thank you for coming over so soon."
"Hi Hannah. Of course I'd come right over to help my favorite teacher."
Hannah smiled and said, "Thank you, Terry. That's really nice of you to say. Come on, I'll show you the roof and siding."
After Terry checked it out, he told her that he would take care of it on the weekend. She asked, "Are you sure Terry? Isn't that your day off? And you haven't told me how much this would cost yet."
"That's OK, Hannah. I don't mind. And there won't be any charge. I have some shingles that color in my truck and the siding will just take an hour or so."
Hannah said, "Well, at least plan on staying for dinner then." Terry was looking down at the ground and Hannah asked, "Is something on your mind, Terry?"
"Well, Hannah, I'm kind of embarrassed to say this, but I always had a small crush on you when you were my teacher." Hannah smiled. The Parkers had told her that they thought Terry had a crush on her when they came in for a parent teacher conference when Terry was a freshman in high school.
"I'm flattered," Hannah said. "Now what can I do for you?"
"Well . . . . Umm . . .Uh, maybe you, uh, could, uh wear another pair of your shorts. Because, uh, . . . I always thought you had, uh, really nice legs. Geez, I'm so sorry. I'm embarrassed. But it's the truth."
She smiled and said, "Of course I will Terry. I'll see you Saturday."
Hannah thought of Terry several times during the week. He really was a good looking young man. And the Parkers raised him to be a polite. And it was cute that he finally broke down and confessed that he had a schoolboy crush on her.
On Saturday, Terry spent the morning repairing her roof and replacing a few shingles, and in the afternoon, he repaired the siding. When he was finished, he replaced one the downspouts at the corner of her house and then tightened the handrail on her porch. Hannah wore a pair of mid thigh shorts and another tank top and worked as his gopher all day; handing him tools. When they were finished, Terry said, "I'm sweaty and dirty, Hannah. I can't go into your house like this." She started to look disappointed, until he said, "Do you mind if I run back home and shower and change clothes?"
"Good idea," she said. "Maybe I'll do the same. I'll see you back here in an hour, OK?"
An hour later, Terry returned wearing a pair of shirts and a tee shirt. When Hannah greeted him at the door, he was speechless. She had on a park of Daisy Duke shorts and another tank top, without a bra. She grinned an ornery grin and said, "Are these short enough, Terry?" Terry continued to stare at her. "Terry?" She waved her hand in front of his face. "Terry?"
"Uh, . . . . Han-Hannah, . . uh. Y-you l-look . . . Wow!"
Hannah laughed at him, stepped forward and gave him a hug. "Terry, you make me feel 10 years younger than I am. Come on in and let's eat."
"Hannah, I'm not going to be able to concentrate on food while you're dressed like that."
She grabbed him by the hand and led him in to the kitchen. While they were eating, Hannah noticed that Terry couldn't keep his eyes off her legs and her chest. She only had a "B" cup size breasts, but she knew that they were still perky. When they were finished, she said, "Let's go into the living room and talk, OK?" He nodded and followed her into the living room. He sat on the couch and she sat next to him.
They spent the next two hours talking, although Terry's concentration shifted back and forth between the conversation and Hannah's legs. It had been a long time since anyone had looked at her like Terry was, and Hannah enjoyed watching him. He was beyond trying to sneak glances at her body. He just stared. Eventually, he said he needed to leave, and Hannah walked him to the door. He looked at her and said, "I'm sorry I asked you to wear short shorts, Hannah. I really had trouble concentrating on anything besides your legs tonight. I'm sorry."
She smiled and said, "Maybe I did that on purpose, Terry. Maybe I wanted someone to look at me like that tonight. Thank you." She walked over and hugged him. Terry knew if the hug lasted too long that he would have to walk away with an erection, so he pulled back and thanked her for dinner and turned to walk away. "Terry," she said. "Thank you for fixing my roof and siding. Can we do this again?"
"Do you have more things for me to fix?" He asked.
"No, silly. I mean can we have dinner again?"
He smiled. "Anytime, Hannah. And next time, I'll try not to stare."
"How about next Saturday, Terry?"
He smiled and said, "I'll see you then."
Terry went home and took a cold shower, but still ended up jerking off before going to sleep. As it turns out, so did Hannah. Both of them thought of each other all week long, especially when they were in bed at night.
Finally on Saturday evening, Terry knocked on her door. This time she answered wearing a short summer dress that buttoned up the front. The dress had eight buttons from neck to hem and the top two and bottom two were unbuttoned. Terry closed his eyes and looked down at the floor with a smile on his face. "Why Hannah? I'm not going to be able to concentrate again."
This time when she stepped forward to hug him, she whispered, "Maybe that was my plan." Then she put her hand behind his neck and pulled his head down for a kiss. It was just a quick kiss, and when they broke apart, he looked down into her face and saw that she was smiling ear to ear. He bent over and kissed her again; this time it lasted a longer time. He pushed his tongue into her mouth and she reciprocated and softly moaned. They moved into her house and continued kissing. She reached down and put his hands on her breasts and felt him immediately get hard.
"Are . . . are y-you sure about this Hannah?"
"Mmmmm," she moaned. "Dinner can wait. Follow me."
When they reached her bedroom, Terry nervously unbuttoned the remaining four buttons and slid her dress from her shoulders. She was naked underneath, and he took in her slender body. Her skin was soft and caramel colored. She had firm breasts and her dark nipples were hard as bullets. Her stomach was tight and her waist was narrow. Her hips flared out nicely and her pubic hair was trimmed into a small strip. And her legs. Those beautiful legs. Wow!
She lifted his shirt over his head and then unfastened and removed his shorts and underwear. She began kissing his chest and slowly moved down to his stomach. She dropped to her knees and continued to kiss lower until she reached his hard cock. She smiled up at him and then kissed the tip of his cock. She licked the length of it and then slipped the tip into her mouth. As Terry looked down at this hot black woman, he tried to think of things that would make him last longer than a few seconds. He thought, "This was my teacher. This was my babysitter. This woman held me when I was just born." But nothing worked. He blew his load after just a few minutes.
Hannah swallowed his load and as she was standing back up, Terry mumbled, "I-I'm s-sorry, Hannah. This is kind of a fantasy for me so I knew I wouldn't last very long. Maybe we could try again."
She said, "You better believe we're going to do it again. Wait here. I'll go get us something to drink and a snack while you get your energy back."
Hannah had a glass of wine, Terry had a Coke and they both ate some cheese, grapes and crackers. When they were finished, Terry pushed Hannah on to her back and began slowly kissing her neck and then her breasts. He nibbled on her hard nipples and she started moaning. She had her first orgasm before his mouth left her breasts. He kissed his way down her stomach and found her wet pussy waiting for his tongue. He spent the next 20 minutes licking and nibbling her pussy. She moaned loudly and had several more orgasms. He worked his way back up and kissed her soft lips. When she pulled bac, she looked into his eyes and said, "Fuck me, Terry. Please fuck me."
"Ah shit," he thought. "Never in a million zillion years would I have ever thought Hannah would ask him to fuck her." He slid on top of her and said, "Do you want to put it in or do you want me to put it in?"
"P-p-please. Put it in baby. Fuck me."
He slowly slid his hard cock into her wet pussy and pushed it all the way in. "Uuuuugh!" She yelled. "Oh yesss! Aaaaah! Aaaarrrrgh!"
Terry lasted longer than he thought he would, and along the way, Hannah had three more orgasms. When they finished, they laid next to each other with Hannah's head on Terry's shoulder. "Wow," she quietly said. "That was great!" She looked over at Terry and said, "Anytime you want to do that again, just let me know."
"OK. I want to do it again after we rest up for a few minutes."
She laughed and said, "I'm not sure an old lady like me can keep up with you, but I'll give it a shot."
Before Terry left, they fucked two more times. Hannah put her dress back on and only buttoned two buttons, and walked him to the door. "Can we do this again next weekend, Terry?"
He smiled at her and said, "Are you sure you want to wait until next weekend?" Before she could answer, he slid his hand inside her dress and put a finger in her wet pussy. "Mmmmm," she monaned. "I don't know if I can wait for . . . Aaaarrrgh! Oh Ter . . . T-Terry." She had another orgasm and he had to hold her up so her weakened legs wouldn't' give out.
When Terry looked into her face, her eyes were half closed and she licked her lips. She whispered, "I don't think I can wait until next weekend, baby. Why don't you come back tomorrow evening?"
Terry said, "No. Bring an overnight bag and come over to my house. I'll make dinner."
She gave him an ornery grin and said, "Are you thinking that I could spend the night with you? What will people think? What will that do to my reputation?"
"You're right," he said smiling. "We don't want to ruin your reputation. Perhaps we shouldn't."
She punched his arm and said, "Don't you try to renege on me. I don't care what people think. I think I'm going to need your cock tomorrow night."
Hannah kept losing her train of thought while teaching the next day. All she could think about was Terry. She began wondering if something was wrong with her. After all, she held him when he was only two days old. She had changed his diaper and played with his silly puzzles and cars and trucks. She had him as a student in school. She was 32 years old, and he was only 20. And what would their parents think? Terry's parents were the primary reason that her were accepted so readily into the neighborhood. The Parkers were much like her parents in that they never saw a person's color, but she wondered what they would all think if this relationship went any further.
That evening, Hannah work another summer dress to Terry's house. When he gave her the tour, she was impressed with the natural beauty of the house and property. She loved the old woodwork and knew that Terry would do a great job refinishing it. She ignored his apology for most of the house being torn up because she could see that he was working in several rooms at the same time. He showed her the big garage where he eventually planned to put his wood shop and the place in the backyard where he hoped to put a large garden.
As they walked up onto the back porch, she said, "I love it, Terry. Your house is wonderful. If I can help you with anything, please let me know. Of course, you'll have to show me how to do whatever it is you want me to do, but I'm game to try anything."
"Anything?" He asked.
She smiled at him and said, "Anything!"
He walked over to her and unbuttoned and removed her dress. She was naked on his back porch, but she never looked anywhere except into his eyes. There could have been 100 people looking over the fence, but she couldn't have noticed. All she wanted to do was lose herself in his deep brown eyes. As he kissed her, he slid two fingers into her wet pussy. She moaned and began humping his hand. He shoved his tongue into her mouth and another finger into her pussy. "Uuuugn! Yesss! Oh Terry." She climaxed on his hand. He reached down and picked her up and carried her into the house to the bedroom.
He laid her on the bed, took off his clothes and then made slow passionate love to her. He gently fondled her breasts and tweaked her sensitive nipples. She moaned and she cried and she screamed. She kissed him and gently bit his shoulder. When they finished, she held him tight and wouldn't let him get up for a long time. Finally she rolled over and looked into his eyes and said, "Thank you Baby. I've needed that for a long time. You are the best lover I've ever had. You're sensitive to my needs and you treat me like your lover sometimes and like a slut other times. Thank you."
They ate dinner and then watched a movie in the bedroom. Eventually they made love again and then fell asleep in each other's arms. When Hannah woke in the morning, her leg was across his legs and her arm was across his chest. When she looked at the clock, she realized she had time so she went down and began sucking his cock. It only took a minute before he woke up. He came in her mouth and she swallowed his load. He jumped out of bed and told her to get the shower first while he made breakfast. After they both showered and had breakfast, they both left for work.
Over the next month, they alternated between her house and his house every night. Their lovemaking left them both breathless. She had never been fucked like that. Hannah spent every Saturday and Sunday helping Terry work on his house. Whenever her house had a problem, Terry would drop whatever he was doing on his own house and go fix her problem, but he eventually returned to work on his own colonial fixer-upper. Hannah was turning out to be a very quick learner and had mastered painting, varnishing and staining. And every afternoon, they would take a couple of breaks for sex. Usually Hannah would strip and walk into wherever Terry was working and ask if he was ready for a break.
Several times they went out for dinner or to a movie or a walk in the woods. They couldn't seem to get enough of each other. After six weeks, they were sitting around after dinner when Hannah said, "Terry, can we try something different tonight?"
"Sure Hannah. Anything you want. What do you want to do?"
She nervously looked down and said, "Well, um, I was wondering if we could try being a little rougher tonight."
"Sure Hannah. How rough do you want to be?"
"Well, I've been thinking about this and I wanted to try it, OK?" He nodded. "I want you to treat me like a slut. I want you to spank me and slap my breasts. I want you to call me names and make me do whatever you want."
"You know I'll do what you want, Hannah, but what brought this up?"
"When I was married, this was something that Frank always tried to convince me to do with him. But I didn't trust him. He hit me and beat me without doing this so I thought he would hurt me. But I know you won't hurt me."
He nodded his head and said, "Get your dress off slut!" She looked surprised for just a second and then immediately complied with his order. "Get on your knees and crawl your worthless ass over to me. Then beg me to suck my cock, slut." She fell to her knees and slowly crawled over to him. She looked up at him with lust and submission in her eyes and pleaded, "Please Sir. May this worthless black slut suck your white cock? Please."
Terry slapped her face with his hard cock as she tried to get it into her mouth. Finally she caught it and began sucking. "Suck my balls, bitch." She immediately licked down the length of his cock and took turns putting his balls into her mouth and sucking on each one of them. She was eventually able to get both of them into her mouth at the same time. When she removed his balls from her mouth, she looked up at him and begged, "Please Sir, may this worthless cunt lick your ass hole?" He nodded and she slid between his legs and buried her face between his cheeks and licked his ass hole before ramming her tongue into his ass. She was jacking his cock while rimming and tonguing his ass and, before too long, he was starting to cum. She quickly moved to the front and swallowed his entire load.
She stood up and he told her to go into the bedroom. On the way, he stopped at his desk and grabbed a few black binder clips that he uses on binders and file folders and a piece of rope. When he got to the bedroom, he put her over his knee and spanked her ass and then flipped her back onto the bed calling her a slut and a cum dump. He told her to close her eyes and when she did, he clamped both clamps on to her nipples at the same time. She gasped and sat up looking at her breasts, and as she reached for them, he slapped her hand away. As she lay back down, he could tell that she was on the verge of coming so he reached down and attached one of the clips to her pussy. And that drove her over the edge to a full blown climax. As she thrashed and screamed on the bed, he slapped her breasts. He then fingered her to another climax and as she was coming, he tossed the rope over the rafter and then lifted her up.
He tied her hands to the ends of the rope and left her hanging from the rafter of his bedroom. Hannah was exhausted. He walked between her legs and shoved his cock into her pussy giving her another climax. He pumped her pussy for a few minutes and then pulled out and moved behind her. He slowly began shoving his cock into her virgin ass. "Aaaah! N-n-no . . . aaaargggh. P-p-please d-d . . . Aaaah!"
"Shut up slut!" He demanded.
"Y-yes S-sir."
After Terry's cock was all the way in her ass, he began gently pumping until she got used to it. Then he slammed his cock in and out of her cunt making her scream and moan like a whore. After he dumped his load in her beautiful ass, he lowered her to her knees and said, "Clean my cock, slut." She had never done anything this disgusting, but she knew she would do anything for Terry. She wrapped her lips around his cock and sucked and licked it clean. He pulled her arms up again and when she was standing, he slapped her breasts making her squirm and scream. Then he lowered her back down and made her lick his ass hole.
When she had finished licking his ass, he was hard again so he moved behind her and fucked her in the ass again, calling her a ass whore and a black slut. When he finished, she was almost unconscious. Her legs couldn't support her body so she was hanging by her arms. He untied her and carried her worn and used body to the bathroom and carried her into the shower. He gently washed and dried her and then carried her in to bed.
When Hannah got up the next moring, she looked at the clock and saw that it was 10:00. She followed the smell of bacon and coffee to his kitchen where he was waiting at the table drinking coffee. "Are you OK, Hannah?"
She walked over to him, leaned down and kissed him. She looked into his eyes and said, "Thank you Honey. That was intense. I know I couldn't handle that every night. What did you think?"
"I have to admit that I liked it better than I thought I would, but I don't want to do that all the time."
She smiled at him and said, "But would you be willing to do it again? Not all the time, but sometimes?"
"Yeah I would. As long as you like it Hannah, I would do it."
They had breakfast together and then took Hannah's car to a park. They spent the day hiking and picnicking and then returned to Hannah's house for dinner. After dinner, they made love. Afterwards, Hannah snuggled next to Terry and looked up at him. She said, "I love you Terry. I know I shouldn't but I do."
He said, "I think I love you too Hannah. And I have to admit that I really like it when you dress sexy. I know I have trouble concentrating when I'm looking at your body, but I still like it."
She smiled and said, "Honey, I'll dress however you want me to dress." Terry smiled and nodded at her.
During the next two months, they spent most of their non working time together. Much of the time was spent fucking and making love, but some was spent working on Terry's house. Eventually, they started talking about living together, and that led to talking about getting married. "So how do you think our parents will handle this, Terry? Us getting married, I mean."
"One way to find out," he said. "Let's take them to dinner and tell them." So they did.
The following weekend, they took both sets of parents to dinner. Cindy Johnson said that she thought it was some kind of karma that Hannah and Terry had reconnected as friends after all this time, and the other three parents nodded. Hannah said, "Yes, that's true. But we've been more than friends, Mom. We've been seeing each other for the past several months."
The two sets of parents looked back and forth between each other with a look of surprise, and then Terry said, "And we plan to get married."
The four of them were initially speechless until Cindy Johnson said, "But what about the age difference?" That's what Terry and Hannah were expecting. They knew the black and white issue wouldn't matter, but the age issue might.
Hannah said, "Mom, we both love each other. Terry is a good man and he has treated me better than anyone except you and Dad."
Finally, all four parents smiled and nodded. The two Dads' shook hands and the women hugged. Terry's mother said, "I've always thought the world of Hannah, and now she's going to be my daughter-in-law. I'm really happy."
During the next few months, between fucking and planning their wedding, Hannah and Terry worked on his house and put hers up for sale. By the wedding date, the downstairs of the house was pretty well complete and Hannah had the yard looking great.
The wedding was a small affair with just family and a few friends. They decided to honeymoon in the Caribbean, and they reserved a small cottage on the beach of the hotel. After they checked in, they decided to go to the beach. Terry put on his bathing suit and when Hannah came out of the bathroom, he couldn't believe his eyes. She was wearing one of the tiniest bikinis he had ever seen. He wanted to fuck her right then. Hannah saw the look of lust on his face and smiled, knowing that they were going to have a wild time that night. She said, "Are you ready for the beach, Mr. Parker?"
"Yes I am Mrs. Parker. And I must say that you look hot. I may have trouble keeping my hands off you today."
She smiled and said, "Don't go to any trouble. If you can't, then you can't. You'll just have to go for it."
"By the way, Mrs. Parker, this is a 'no underwear trip.' So you can just leave whatever underwear you brought in the drawer until we leave." Hannah smiled and nodded her head.
After spending the day at the beach, they decided to go out for dinner and drinks. Hannah wore a short summer dress unbuttoned clear below her breasts. Each time she turned, her breasts were on full display to anyone around. The bottom two buttons were also unfastened which meant her legs were on full display all the way to a couple of inches below her pussy. Terry couldn't believe how hot his wife looked. Whenever they entered the beach restaurant, every man in the place watched her walk across the room.
As they ate dinner, and later when they walked to the beach bar for after dinner cocktails, every waiter in the place spent time near Hannah to check out her body. When they stood up to leave the restaurant, she pulled his arm around her shoulder and put his hand inside her dress on her breast. They looked at each other and smiled before leaving the restaurant.
They went back to the room and Terry told her to lie on her back and close her eyes. He spent the next hour working on her body with his hands and mouth. She came over and over again under his machinations. Finally, when she didn't think she could take any more, he rolled on top of her and made love to her. When he opened his eyes in the morning, she was already awake and had ordered breakfast for them. She smiled down at him and said, "I love you, Honey."
Over breakfast, she asked him if she had dressed OK last night. He smiled and said, "Your students wouldn't have recognized you, Hannah."
"I certainly hope not," she said. "You know, Terry, I think everyone saw my tits last night. Are you sure you want me to keep dressing like that for you?" He smiled and nodded his head.
"OK, but tonight, can I be your slut instead of your wife?" Terry smiled and nodded his head.
That night, Hannah wore a short white halter mini dress. The contrast between her dark skin and the white dress was hot. Although the fabric wasn't see through, her hard dark nipples were visible. Once again, every head in the place turned when they entered the restaurant and the bar. They sat at a dark corner of the beach bar and Terry walked behind her and rubbed her shoulders slowly working his way down inside her halter top. Her eyes were closed as she enjoyed his touch. Several men at a nearby table were watching as he felt her breasts inside her top.
As he continued to rub her breasts, she let out s light moan. "Mmmmm. Hmmmm." He moved his hands upward and untied her halter top, but she didn't appear to notice. He slid her halter down over her breasts and then continued rubbing them and tweaking her nipples. He knew that she had climaxed a couple of times as he squeezed her breasts. The men at the nearby table were openly staring at them now. He moved his hands back to her shoulders giving the men a clear unobstructed view of her breasts. Her eyes were still closed and she was still softly moaning. He noticed a couple of the men using their phones to take pictures of his wife's bare breasts. A few minutes later, he looked down at her and said, loud enough for the men to hear, "Tell me you're a whore and you want to suck my cock and lick my balls before I fuck your ass, slut."
She kept her eyes closed and said, "I'm your black whore. I'll do anything you want me to do. I want to suck your cock and your balls. Then I want you to fuck my ass and let me clean your cock with my mouth. Please let me be your whore, Sir."
Terry smiled and retied her halter top. He reached for her hand and said, "Let's go slut. Maybe I'll let you suck me on the beach."
"I'll do anything you want sir."
As they started to leave, Terry reached back and put his hand on her ass and lifted her skirt until his hand was in the middle of her back and her ass was fully exposed to the table of men. As Hannah looked at him in surprise, he said, "Do you have a problem with me showing off your ass, slut?" She smiled at him and said, "No Sir. Anything you want."
That night, Terry abused his beautiful black wife for four hours much to her delight in front of the large sliding glass door to the beach. But since the lights were off, no one could see into the small room. He fucked and spanked her ass while pulling her hair and calling her a whore. He slapped her tits making her ask for more after each slap. She licked and sucked his cock and his balls and then she rimmed his ass and shoved her tongue deep into his rectum. She swallowed his cum and was forced to scoop it from her ass and eat it. Hannah was finally so exhausted that she passed out on the floor. Terry came on her face while she was unconscious and then went to bed.
When Terry woke up in the morning, he heard people talking so he looked out the window and saw a group of several men standing outside his room pointing at the sliding glass door and using their phones to take pictures. When he looked out the bedroom door, he saw Hannah still unconscious lying naked in the middle of the floor. He smiled and jumped in the shower, and then ordered room service breakfast from the bedroom. A few minutes before their breakfast arrived, Hannah woke up and looked out the door at the small crowd of men that had gathered to see the naked woman lying on the floor. She felt the dried cum on her face as she slowly got to her feet and walked into the bedroom.
"Why did you leave me lying there naked all night so anyone could see me? Those guys were taking pictures of me?"
"Because I think you are actually a bit of an exhibitionist and don't really mind as much as you think."
She paused for a minute and said, "You may be right about that. But only when I'm with you, Honey."
He said, "As a matter of fact, I think I'm going to have you show off more of your body; maybe all of it."
She grinned at her husband and said, "Mmmm, sounds interesting. Last night was awesome, but I hope none of those pictures make it back to my school though."
They spent the remainder of their honeymoon on the beach, at the restaurant and in their room making love. Terry teased her about being such a hot teacher and having her naked body photographed by several strangers. What would her students think? She would just laugh and tell him that they better not find out. He said, "Before we leave this island, I will have you completely naked in public." She just laughed and said, "Not gonna happen, Honey."
"Would you like to make a wager on that Hannah? If I can't get you naked in public, I'll stop harassing you to dress in sexy clothes and let you go back to your old conservative way of dressing." Hannah looked kind of disappointed, and said, "I don't mind you having me dress sexy for you, Honey. How about this for a wager instead; you have to let me tie you down and abuse your body tonight. And if I lose, you get to do that to me." He smiled and said, "I win either way. You have a deal."
On their last night, Hannah wore a thin sleeveless summer dress to dinner. Since it was extremely short, she knew that she couldn't bend over that evening or her ass would be on full display. Terry insisted that she leave the top unbuttoned to her waist and up to her pussy. As long as she didn't move too much, her body was covered, however, whenever she turned her body, her breasts were exposed to whoever was next to her. Once again, at dinner, all the waiters managed to spend a little time near their table. They toasted their marriage several times during their meal, and by the time they had finished, they had consumed two bottles of wine. Terry said, "Don't forget, Honey. I told you that I'll have you naked in public tonight." Hannah was feeling no pain as she giggled and said, "Not gonna happen, Sweetie."
When they walked to the beach bar for their nightcap, they took their regular table in the dark corner and Terry noticed that the guys from previous nights were already at their nearby booth. This time, they all had their chairs situated so they could watch Terry and Hannah. As Terry was at bar, one of the guys said, "Let me buy your drinks, dude. I hope you don't mind me saying this, but your wife is really hot. And we want to thank you for sharing her body with us. We hope you don't mind us taking a few pictures."
Terry smiled and said, "I don't mind. And, yes, I know I'm really fortunate to have Hannah as my wife. Keep your camera ready guys. Tonight, I'm going to get her completely naked. Thanks for the drinks."
While they were drinking their next drink, Terry began slowly moving his hand up and down her bare leg. He knew that she was starting to get turned on so when he returned with their next drink, he sat them on the table and stood behind her. He bent down and leaned her head back and kissed her while massaging her shoulders. She moaned and he moved his hands down inside her top. Her eyes were closed and she continued to softly moan as he twisted her nipples. He Knew she had just climaxed so he slid one hand down front of her dress and unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her dress. While she was coming down from her climax, he started massaging her shoulders again and slowly slid the straps from her dress down her arms.
He moved his hands back to her breasts and pulled her head back for a kiss. As they were kissing, Terry slowly lifted her from her seat. She stood with her back to Terry while her head was turned kissing him. One of his arms was across her breasts and one was on her pussy. He slid two fingers into her wet pussy and made her cum. Hannah was so turned on that she was oblivious to everything except her husband's lips and hands working on her body. He slowly turned her to face the table of young men and said, "We have an audience."
She moaned again as he continued working on her pussy and breasts, and said, "I don't care, Honey. I just want you to fuck me. Please."
He whispered, "And I'm going to tie you up because I won the bet."
"Mmmm, anything you want."
"Sounds good to me, babe. Now while I get your dress, why don't you pose for a few pictures for these guys who have been watching us."
"Mmmmm. Anything you say, Honey." Terry let go of her breasts and removed his fingers from her pussy and turned to get her dress from the floor. When he turned back around, he saw his wife actually striking a pose for the table of young men. All of them were taking pictures of Hannah. She struck a few more poses and then put on her dress. The young men all stood and thanked her for sharing her beautiful body with them, and she walked over and hugged each of them before leaving.
Back in their room, Terry tied her to the bed and started working on her with a simple feather. By the time he had covered her whole body lightly touching her with the feather, she was begging and pleading him to fuck her. He had an evil grin on his face as he continued with the feather, as she begged to be his whore and for him to use her any way he wanted.
Terry pulled two nipple clamps and a large vibrator from the bedside drawer. She climaxed as soon as he put the clamps on her nipples. He spent the next hour working her pussy over with the vibrator giving her so many climaxes that he lost count. At the end of the hour, Hannah was completely covered with sweat and was on the verge of passing out. Terry figured he had better fuck her before she passed out for the night so he climbed on and pounded her pussy for the next 20 minutes while squeezing her breasts and kissing her. When he finally came, he saw that she had finally passed out so he untied her and covered her worn and abused body before falling asleep.
On their trip back home, Terry spent time thinking of how much Hannah seemed to enjoy being submissive to him. And he was also enjoyed seeing her as a bit of an exhibitionist. Hannah was thinking that even though he was younger, she felt safe with Terry. She knew that this was the happiest she had ever been in her life and she would do anything for her husband.
When they returned from their honeymoon, they found that they still couldn't keep their hands off each other. Terry still had trouble believing that he was married to and fucking his hot chemistry teacher. And Hannah couldn't believe that this guy that she had held in her arms when he was just two days old had turned out to be such a wonderful and handsome husband. The newlyweds were very happy.
By the time Hannah was 37 and Terry was 25, they had two children; a three year old and a one year old. Their colonial house was still a work in process, but was nearing completion. Hannah had turned the yard into a showplace, with a spot set aside for a swing set and tree house.
Even though she had had two children, Hannah managed to return to her weight from before. Terry thought she still had the sexiest legs he'd ever seen and still enjoyed having her show them off when they went out. The two of them had a wild and exciting love life. And whenever they were without the children and out of town, Hannah never won a bet on whether Terry could get her naked in public because he always won.