Saturday morning, Emily woke up to sunlight streaming through her window and she made a study of her body before rising from bed. She lifted up her top and ran her palms over her large, full breasts, remembering how David had fondled and kissed them the night before. She moved down to her stomach, narrow and toned, and then to her hips and her thick, muscular thighs. Finally, she grazed her clitoris with her thumb, thinking back to the circles David had made there with his tongue and to her needy moans in response.
It had been her first sexual encounter outside of the structure of the mandatory Festival and girl-training of the United States -- the first encounter where Emily had gotten to choose the man she would enjoy and be enjoyed by. It had ended disastrously, as Emily had given what was apparently a suspiciously good blow job and then not known what a condom was, and David had asked her what was going on and then left when she wouldn't answer. But she still thought that she had done a pretty good job, all in all, and she had certainly enjoyed herself until that last part. And, as she recalled, he had promised a cup of coffee the next morning, which was a different kind of novelty for her. Men who were training you did not drop by with coffee the next morning.
But as she opened the door of her apartment to fetch the newspaper, she saw a paper cup, a small bag, and an envelope with her name on it, and her heart sank. She brought them in and opened the letter.
Dear Emily," it read. "I'm sorry for chickening out like this. I wanted to make good on my promise to bring you coffee, but I still don't know what to make of last night. If you want to tell me what's going on with you, here's my number -- text me and we can get together again. Otherwise, thank you for last night."
It was signed David and accompanied by a phone number.
Emily began to eat, dunking the biscotti in the coffee and taking little nibbles of it. She tried to focus on the sensation in her mouth and not her mixed-up feelings, and to determine what she should do next.
Emily was used to men who were entirely confident in their right to her body. In the United States, eligible men - men with daughters who had gone through their own Festivals, their own public sexual training periods - were both entitled to access to the bodies of young women and obligated to train them sexually. This was such a deep and ingrained part of the culture Emily had grown up in that it was practically in the water. They never hesitated to take what they wanted, and as she was learning now, there was something freeing about that, about never having to doubt that you were their object of desire. About just having to follow directions and try to be a good girl, and how if you could just do that, then at the end of that path would be so much pleasure.
David wasn't like that at all. She liked that he was eighteen - a year younger than her - and a little shy. She liked his body - the size of it, his muscles, the solidness of his legs and butt, the softness of his stomach, and even the way the fine white hairs there looked on his dark skin.
His inexperience fascinated her as well. She didn't know what normal sexual experiences looked like for teenagers in Canada. The incident where he'd been shocked that she didn't know what a condom was had made her extremely cognizant of that. But she'd picked up on the fact that she'd probably had far more sex, and with far more people than he had. She was interested in the idea of teaching him something in that area, maybe teaching him how best to touch her. Although, as she remembered the feeling of his fingers circling her clitoris and then later penetrating her, drawing out her orgasm, he did seem to have some education in that area himself.
But as she thought about his letter, and the idea of sharing with him the reason for her strange set of knowledge and experiences, she just couldn't imagine doing it. The idea of telling him that all of her previous sexual experiences had been with much older men, because they were the only ones permitted to enjoy the bodies of young women in the United States. That none of those experiences had exactly been consensual, and yet, at the same time, some of them had brought her the most intense kinds of pleasure and happiness. And what she suspected now might be even stranger -- the emphasis on semen, and the importance of trainees being regularly inseminated. She couldn't imagine how David might react. Would he be disgusted at her? Would he feel sorry for her, like the man in the grocery store who had rejected her and told her to get a boyfriend? She couldn't imagine a response which didn't make her feel strange and sad. Or even an exchange which ended in sex.
Speaking of which, Emily reminded herself, she had still failed to get that particular need met, and her body had not forgotten about it. She finished the coffee and biscotti and appraised herself in the mirror across from her bed.
When she'd left for Canada, but the journey was largely spontaneous, and she'd not brought much with her. The one pair of pajamas she had and which she was wearing now were a matching low-cut tank top and very brief pair of shorts, both in thin navy blue cotton. They were the kind of clothes girls wore in the United States - designed to highlight and expose rather than hide their bodies - and she enjoyed being able to see the curve of her breast and the hardness of her nipples. She remembered back to the man she'd seen at the coffee shop yesterday, the older one in the tweed jacket with the brown hair she had wanted to run her fingers through, and the thought of him showing up at her door to train her made her pussy tingle. She got into bed and fantasized about how that would go.
"Miss Emily," he said, in her imagination. "Come closer. Don't be shy." He had taken his jacket off and was now in a white linen button-up and jeans. He was smiling. Wearing her pajamas, she went up to him, her hands behind her back, pressing her breasts out for him to fondle them. He slipped a hand down her shirt and lifted one breast in his hand, feeling the size and firmness, and appeared pleased. "Take your clothes off, Emily," he told her, and in real life, as well, she slipped off her tank top and pajama shorts and looked at the smoothness of her pussy, pretending to be seeing it from her fantasy trainer's perspective.
She liked what she saw, and she imagined that he would as well. The skin of her inner thighs and outer labia were bare, with just a trimmed patch of hair on her mound. She had long, pink inner labia, which she'd used to feel shy about, but which her trainers had mostly convinced her were lovely in their own right. She could already see and feel the moistness developing inside of her and helping to open her up. Her fantasy continued.
"I want to feel you when you come, Ms. Emily", he told her. "Good girls do what they're told and show their gratitude with a good orgasm. Show me what a good girl you are, baby. Show me how responsive you are and how tight you get." Emily started rubbing her clit, picturing him sitting between her legs in bed with her, still fully-clothed, staring at her pussy. She felt so naked, so exposed. "That's it. Good girl. Now, I'm going to count from 10, and when I get to 0, I'm going to put my fingers inside of you and you're going to come on them, and you're going to say thank you while you do it."
Emily started counting down from 10, trying to hear it in a man's low voice, calm and instructional. "10, 9." She started rubbing herself harder, wanting to be a good girl and please him. "8, 7, 6." She started feeling the muscles tense up in her legs. "5, 4, 3." She was almost ready, picturing her trainer, his face just inches from her pussy, a finger almost ready to penetrate her. "2, 1." She lingered for a moment. 0. And Emily burst out in orgasm, her pussy squeezing, thinking about wanting to please him with her tightness, about how she wanted to show him she was a well-trained girl. Thank you, thank you, thank you she cried in an empty room, yes yes yes. She pictured him one last time, a big smile on his face, her juices dripping from his finger, and then he disappeared.
Emily sat up, feeling calm and mellow but also a little odd. She hadn't been masturbating much since she'd arrived in Canada. She couldn't have said the reason why, whether it was still the taboo against it that she'd been raised with, or something else. And this was the first time that she'd fantasized about being trained while she did it. While her fantasy was a gentler version of what most of her training sessions had looked like, it wasn't entirely unrealistic. And, even post-orgasm, she still longed for something like that, where she wouldn't have to worry about rejection. Where a man would earnestly call her a good girl.
"I left for a reason," Emily reminded herself. And truly, she had no desire to go back, even if she could, even without whatever punishment might await her.
It had been less about one incident and more about a general feeling that this was not right. Emily had thought that once she'd gotten past her initial resistance to her training - once she'd accepted the beauty and purpose of her body - that her training would feel natural. But even as she increasingly had good training experiences - times where her trainer would praise her, and where she would end the session practically liquid, her little body having been pushed to one intense, full-body orgasm after another - she never found herself entirely persuaded that this was what she ought to be doing.
But what turned her vague sense of the wrongness of all of this into the determination that she had to leave was a series of events that, even now she wasn't sure if she had misread, involving her father. It had been just two of them in that large house for most of her childhood, and he'd supported her in all of her academic interests and successes. He'd told her she was beautiful when she was struggling in training and thrilled in her growth when she started finally doing better.
But when he started taking a more active hand in her training, she knew that was not a journey she would go on with him. It started with more touching, and with regular inspections to check if she'd been shaving her vulva properly, even though she'd never had problems in that area. He started asking for more detailed reports from her trainers. And, one day, she saw a copy of a pamphlet on having sex with your own daughter, and while it was possible that it was from a friend or that he otherwise did not intend to go through with it, Emily was not going to take that chance. While training your own daughter was not a majority practice in the United States, it was certainly allowed, and if he had pressed the issue, Emily would have been unable to resist. Although she wanted to be a good girl very badly, she discovered that even she had limits.
Since Emily had fled to Canada, she had not regretted it even for a moment. So why, she asked herself, did she find herself fantasizing about a training session, and not about straddling David, her young man from last night, and taking from him what she wanted, what her body was still, even post-orgasm, calling out for? She decided that the answer to this might be complicated, but that, in addition to finding a man to have sex with, she would add 'figuring this out' to her to-do list. She had several more weeks before classes would start, and she was determined to get closer to answers to these questions. She also wanted to know why they used condoms in Canada but she'd never run across them in her training, or even heard of them.
Emily decided to start with something that she'd been putting off since she arrived. As part of enrolling in classes, she had to get a physical done. This had never been something that she liked particularly at home. There, your doctor was likely to want to test your sexual reflexes. He'd want to see how quickly your girl-parts would lubricate in response to being naked in front of him, whether you'd been sufficiently trained in that area or needed to be assigned extra instruction, and even though that area had never been difficult for Emily, she still found it invasive and nerve-racking.
And you never knew what else they might want to work with you on. The last time Emily had a doctor's appointment, the doctor was trying out some theory about vaginal elasticity, and she had to lay naked on his table for far too long while he inserted penis-shaped objects into her, withdrew them, and then measured how long it took her vagina to return to its normal size. He seemed pleased with his findings, and though her body responded the way it was supposed to respond, with lubrication and opening up, she found the whole experience somewhat awkward.
Although she knew on some level that doctor's examinations in Canada were probably not like that, her associations with them remained negative. But, she told herself, a doctor might be someone who she could share her history with without judgment, and also she could ask about whether what she'd been told about how it was important for girls to be regularly inseminated with semen was true, and what the deal was about condoms.
Emily made an appointment for that Monday and tried to not think about any of these topics for the rest of the weekend. She called David's number and left him a message where she thanked him for the coffee and said that she had some thinking to do and would get in touch later. She avoided the cafe where she'd met him, even though she did think their coffee was awfully good, and she was fascinated by the barista with the shaved head and nose ring, as there were not girls who looked like that in the United States. She got a couple of good workouts in, during which she wore headphones and didn't even think about how nice it was not having to worry that her lifting would have to be postponed in order to get fucked on a bench (and then sanitize it after, to spare the next person the mingled semen and girl-juices.)
And then, that Monday morning, she made her way on her bike to the clinic on campus for her physical. She'd made sure her vulva was hairless, even though she still didn't know if that was normal here. She wore leggings and a tank top, because she wasn't sure if maybe they let you keep your clothes on here, and she wanted to be comfortable if they did.
At the doctor's office, a nurse weighed her and took her blood pressure and then ushered her into a too-cold examination room and gave her a thin, gray paper gown to change into. Emily started taking her clothes off immediately, and the nurse gave her a strange look and made a hasty exit. Emily chastened herself, remembering that girls in Canada were not expected to engage in casual nudity around strangers.
Alone in the room, Emily noticed that the office had different kinds of posters and pamphlets than she was used to. In the United States, most of what they had in the doctor's office pertained, she realized now, to preparing for your deflowering at the Festival or being a successful trainee. Topics included the need to maintain a healthy and fit body in order to be the best girl you could be for your trainers, as well as the need for regular insemination. Materials for men and women also focused on staying healthy in order to be maximally fertile for when the time was right to have children.
Emily was reading through a pamphlet on different methods of birth control - apparently there were many different methods here, and not just the shot that every girl was given when she hit puberty in the United States - when a knock came at the door. A middle-aged woman with long brown hair and wearing a white coat entered, and Emily realized that she'd been expecting a male doctor. There certainly were female doctors in the United States, she recalled, but it seemed like when she went to the doctor, she always got a man who was eligible to train her.
"I'm Dr. Michelle", she said. "And you're Emily?" Emily nodded. "Great. I see this is your first time here, and you're here for a check-up?"
"That's right."
Emily felt like the doctor could tell she was nervous. She wanted to share her secret - to tell Dr. Michelle that she had been in the United States and to ask her some questions about how sex worked here - but she wasn't sure if she could work up the courage. Dr. Michelle walked her through what the exam would consist of, and Emily was relieved to hear that it did not involve testing her sexual reflexes or anything involving her genitals beyond a cursory examination.
The exam went by quickly, and Emily appreciated that Dr. Michelle told her every time before she touched her. She decided she could trust this woman, and when she asked Emily if she wanted to talk about birth control, Emily said what she'd hoped to have the courage to say.
"Actually. A thing about that? I was given a shot for that? It was to keep me from getting pregnant, and they said it would work until it was reversed. And it definitely did because I've been penetrated by lot of different men since then. But I'm not sure what it was, and I guess I'd like to know more, if that's something you know about? I didn't see the name of it here," and Emily pointed to the birth control pamphlet she'd been reading.
A look flashed across Dr. Michelle's face that Emily couldn't read before her expression returned to normal. "If you'd like to prevent pregnancy, I'd recommend that you get on a different method of birth control. If you'd like something you don't need to worry about day-to-day, I can get you set up with an IUD, which is a small device that I would insert inside of you, and which can prevent pregnancy for six years."
Emily was confused. She knew that she couldn't get pregnant because, after all, she'd been having regular sex with many different men for the last year, and when it didn't culminate in her trainer's semen shooting over her body or into her mouth, it ended with him filling her girl parts with copious amounts of his seed.
"But...I definitely can't get pregnant, doctor, or else I would be...right?" Even though Emily could tell the doctor knew where she was from and what kind of experiences she'd had, she still couldn't bring herself to flesh out that thought, to estimate how many men had finished inside of her.
"We don't fully understand how birth control over...there works, Emily, but I do recommend that you add an alternative form of birth control if you're going to have intercourse with men." The doctor paused. "If you aren't ready to decide this now, that's fine, and we can set another appointment for a later date. But so long as you're here, and with your.. background... I'd also like to show you something else."
Emily breathed a sigh of relief as the doctor pulled a box labeled "condoms" out of a drawer, along with what looked like a rubber penis. The doctor took one out of the box and unwrapped it, and Emily watched her roll it over the object. She explained that, even if Emily was on birth control, condoms were an important part of preventing the spread of sexually transmitted diseases, and that the examination that had been done earlier would also test for those and she would get results shortly. Emily was worried for a moment that the next step in this demonstration involved the rubber penis being inserted into her, but the doctor instead finished what she was saying and asked if Emily had any questions.
Feeling like this might be her only chance to ask what she really wanted to know, Emily screwed up all of her courage. "Where I'm from...at home...they say that actually having the... the semen inside of you regularly is really important for a girl to... to be happy and develop normally and everything. Is that true?"
She saw that same look of pity that she'd seen on the face of the man she'd propositioned in the grocery store flit across the doctor's face before it settled again on a mask of professionalism. "There's been some research on this, and it's possible that having direct contact with semen has some minor positive effects on mood, but that's about it. When people...when this is something told to girls, it's a.. it's a national myth. A religion. It's not science."
Emily nodded, the blood draining from her face. She'd known intuitively that the beliefs she'd been raised with were incorrect when they told her that it was appropriate and even necessary for her to have sex with her own father, should he require that. She was a bit iffier on the idea of sex with random other fathers -- had there been perhaps 50% less of it, and the transition to it had been somewhat gentler and more patient, she probably would have accepted it happily like nearly every other American girl. But that she was perhaps not actually on birth control, and more importantly that what she'd been led to believe almost religiously about the importance of semen in a girl's development wasn't true -- she felt her worldview falling apart and wanted to cry. Numbly, she nodded, and when offered condoms, she took some and put them in the pocket of her leggings. She deferred the decision about birth control for another visit and was quickly done and out of the doctor's office and back on her bike.
Even though she'd told herself she wouldn't go back to the cafe where she'd met David for fear of running into him and his questions that she wasn't ready to answer, she found herself heading there. She didn't think she could bear to be at home by herself.
The cafe was emptier this time. The young woman with the nose ring and shaved head who had been behind the counter last Friday was gone, replaced by a very thin young man with long, shaggy hair. Emily again noted to herself how comparatively clean-cut everyone had been back in her hometown, how polished, and her thoughts wandered to wondering why that was.
For girls, some of that, she told herself, was because you were expected to look a certain way -- for the Festival, and then for your training, and then, for most young women, as a wife and a mother. But the boys, too, took pride in emulating the kinds of girl-trainers that were the most desired by the girls -- muscular, a bit more formal than necessary. Fashion in her town tended toward gold wristwatches and well-fitted suits and leather bags and short hair for men, a-line dresses, belts, and pumps for women past their training years, and strappy heels and short sundresses for the girls themselves. But here, everyone seemed to be dressing for comfort. Emily was not sure she liked this.
Still shaken from the conversation at the doctors and trying to piece together what of her upbringing had been falsehoods, Emily settled in with a cup of coffee. There was a newspaper on the table that she picked up and pretended to be reading while she thought through what to do next.
Emily had always wanted, more than anything, to be a good girl. She had struggled initially with her training, with making the private parts of her body so very public for so very many men. But what had gotten her through was the promise of the look on her trainer's face when she did well and, if she were really lucky, him actually calling her a good girl. She lived to be naked and wet, to spread her legs and be treated to a grin as he gazed between them for the first time, to be petted and adored, to be guided to that place that a good trainer (and they were mostly all good trainers) could so expertly take you.
She had a mentor, in particular, who had guided her a great deal. He'd helped her get started at strength training, and they'd both enjoyed watching her fill out, her legs and ass responding to the ever-heavier weights she picked up and put down. He would assure her that no man would ever respond to her long inner labia with the disgust that she assumed they must be feeling, but that all girls had lovely vulvas that were perfectly suited to them, and he would demonstrate by showing her how hard his cock got in response to seeing her down there. She'd asked him to help shepherd her through a particularly difficult time in her training - when she'd gotten to college as a freshman and found herself thriving academically but struggling with men- and she was grateful to him for caring enough to administer regular lessons, including giving her a birthday present where he made a particular intense, shameful, beautiful fantasy of hers come true with a friend of his.
The promise of training was that, if you listened and did your part, if you tried as hard as you could and stripped bare when he said to strip bare, and thanked him by giving him the best orgasm you could, and with your own orgasm, if the work you put in showed that you were grateful that he was developing your little body and mind into someone worthy of that next stage of life -- of marriage, if you wanted it -- then you were doing exactly what you needed to do, and you would be loved and adored and taken care of, and all would be right. But now, without that promise, what was Emily to do? How was she to get that feeling back?
So deeply in thought, Emily didn't know when the man now sitting at the chair adjacent to her had shown up, or how long he'd been gazing at her. But once she saw, she recognized him immediately as the man she'd noticed here last week, who she'd fantasized earlier that day about training her. He was middle-aged, short and thick, with broad shoulders and brown hair that was just a tiny bit too long. She remembered that he was well-dressed last time, and this time as well she admired his sharpness. His jeans looked like they could have been starched, and his gray sweater - was that cashmere? - nicely brought out the steel of his eyes. She made a little gasp as she thought of how, earlier in her bed, she'd had an orgasm to the thought of him examining her and counting down to her orgasm.
"You never really get over that habit, huh?" The man spoke to her, and when she merely looked confused at him, he tugged slightly on his sweater. "The clothes? I noticed you were looking at them. When you're brought up with a certain sense of how to dress -- you can never really untrain yourself out of it, it turns out." And he smiled a little at her.
"I...I don't understand," she responded, when it seemed like he was waiting for her to say something.
"I saw you here last weekend. I would have noticed you from a mile away. Those heels you were wearing. The dress. They don't make girls like that here in Canada." He paused. "Which... you know. Not necessarily a bad thing. I did move here, after all." He paused again. "But still. You looked nice. I'm Benjamin, by the way."
Emily faced a decision that she didn't know how to handle -- to talk, or to flee? Benjamin had clearly figured out that she was from the United States. And she had previously resolved to keep quiet about her experiences and to try to blend in. But if he was an émigré as well, that meant he might understand what she was going through, and he certainly didn't seem to be judging her. Maybe he could answer some of her questions. And maybe her fantasy about him had been telling her something. Maybe he was even the answer to her body's ongoing longing to be fucked.
She decided to bring some of the energy she'd previously used to bring to being trained to this encounter. Not to overtly offer herself to him, but to be enthusiastic and available and to try to figure out what he wanted and to give it to him. It had been a difficult day, but after all, she was experienced at putting away negative emotions in order to throw herself into an encounter with a man.
"My name is Emily. Pleased to meet you and thank you for saying that I looked nice." She made eye contact with him and put a big smile on her face. She made sure she was sitting straight up and pushed her chest forward, as though preparing herself to be fondled.
"You're welcome. You seemed to be having a tough time just now. Are you doing ok?"
Emily's smile slipped momentarily. One of the things about training sessions that she had not always liked at the time was that trainers always had a certain series of events in mind. It was like a dance, and your role as a girl was just to follow his lead and not fall over your own feet. But, while it didn't leave you with any physical privacy -- your most secret parts would be on display, inspected, touched, opened, filled -- you could generally keep your own counsel, or confine your openness to sharing notes about how your body was responding to various stimuli. After all, he was your trainer, not your friend or your therapist. So now, presented with this basic question, she wasn't sure what to say, and opted for something in the middle between full disclosure and trying to get back to being the kind of cheerful, enthusiastic girl that she was sure all men wanted her to be.
"It's been tough, you know. Coming here in general. And then this morning, it wasn't the best. But I'm a big girl, you know? I can handle it, and I just tell myself that tomorrow is going to be better." Emily got through her little speech, smile intact, shoulders up, chest out, looking at him almost for direction about what was to come next. But he just paused and kept looking at her, an expression on his face that she couldn't place, and she didn't know what to say or do next. A few beats passed.
"You're really new here, aren't you?," Benjamin asked. "You still have that... that attitude the girls have there. Like you're on display. But it's ok. We're just talking. You don't have to smile and pretend everything is fine. Lord knows when I first got here, I wasn't fine for a long time."
But Emily didn't want to let her smile go because she was afraid that if she did, she would lose all of her composure and start crying, and she just couldn't bear for that to happen. 'What was wrong with this man?', she wondered. Here she was -- in leggings and a tank top, but even so, she knew that many men would enjoy the sight -- smiling at him and showing him her body at one of its best angles, showing off some very fine lines that she had worked hard to shape, and instead of praising her, or assuring her, or even hitting on her, he was, she felt, rejecting her. She thought if she could just keep him talking, maybe he wouldn't make her say anything, and she could politely leave.
"When did you come here?", she asked.
"Oh, that was a long time ago. Twenty years. I -- we -- we were about your age. She was about to have her Festival. She told me she wasn't going to go through with it, and I was in love with her -- so I told her I would leave with her."
Emily had heard about girls occasionally disobeying and getting involved with young men back home. It was the kind of thing that got whispered about in high school. If you lost your virginity before your Festival, you would get in extremely big trouble, but that was rare. More commonly, a girl who had already been deflowered at her Festival would go too far with a boy her own age - who of course wasn't entitled to possess her body - and they would both be punished. There were a range of possible penalties depending on the act and how strict your father thought they should be with you. She'd heard about a girl a couple of years older than herself where the young man in question was supposedly made to watch while she was penetrated rather severely by several trainers at once. And sometimes adults would joke about how a particularly sudden wedding might have been prompted by the girl's father suspecting something was amiss between his daughter and the young man in question, which seemed to be looked on affectionately rather than punitively. But those episodes were always significantly post-Festival. She had never heard of a girl just leaving prior to it. This was not done.
Emily looked surprised, and Benjamin kept going.
"We tried to petition to let her avoid it -- we said we'd get married on her 18th birthday, and the Festival wasn't for another month anyway -- but they said no. That all girls have to go through training for at least a year. And they told me it was better for me this way as well -- that the fathers would open her up and teach her what she needed to know about being a wife for me. That she would learn to take her own pleasure in being penetrated and inseminated as well, and that our marriage would be better for it. We pretended to agree, but the first chance we got...we were out of there." He looked at her with a half-smile on his face.
Emily was riveted, not thinking about how a moment ago she had wanted only to excuse herself, and she had to know more.
"What happened? Is she ok? Without the training...was everything ok?" Emily knew as she was saying it that this was silly. They were in a whole country where none of the girls got trained, and it was clearly ok.
Benjamin's face got warmer all of a sudden, and he laughed. "It was terrific. We figured it out together." He held his hand out for her, and she noticed for the first time a thin gold band on his ring finger.
They kept speaking and Emily's body relaxed as she stopped thinking about what she must look like, about the lines of her body and the view she was showing him of her breasts. She thought about how brave his wife was to leave before her Festival, and how much he must have liked her to come with, to not just leave his home, but also to give up his own future girl-training endeavors, which were something that all young men in the United States grew up looking forward to. And suddenly, something occurred to her, thinking of what the man in the grocery store had said about how he was "really married, not the way they were in the United States."
"Does that really mean..." and Emily leaned forward, as if she was saying something a little naughty. "You both have never slept with...with anyone else at all?" She wasn't sure if this was a rude thing to ask here. In the United States, young women obviously had many sexual experiences before they got married, but even young men usually had a number of their own, with older women who desired them. (This was much less formal, ritualized, and frequent but it certainly happened.)
"Well.... about that," and Benjamin looked shy as well. "We initially - we were rebels, you know? And it felt transgressive that we had each other, and no one else had us. As a young man, you're taught that you don't deserve a girl's body. That you don't know what to do with them. And that she needs to have sex with a lot of different men before she's ready for you, too. Getting to just have each other, to not share -- it brought us together. And anyway, we got married - much younger than they usually do in Canada - so that felt transgressive, too. But at some point - and this was actually her idea - we started exploring and seeing what was out there."
Benjamin went on to explain that non-monogamy was not especially common in Canada, but it was not forbidden. He grinned at her, showing his teeth, as he explained that this wasn't like the United States, where there was a strict code of who could have sex with who -- here, she'd be able to make her own choices, and Emily indeed thought to herself that this was good. He explained that he and his wife had found other people - men and women - to have sex with. "It was funny - all those years, the idea of my wife with another man, it made me sick. Because I was thinking about her being forced to, being trained. We'd left all of that behind, and we were...better than that. But then actually seeing it - seeing a man she'd picked just delighting in her body, and her in his..." And he shook his head in wonder. "She's so beautiful like that, and I consider myself very lucky."
And with this, Emily returned to her earlier question. Could this be the man who would finally give her what her body needed, to be the first man here to penetrate her needy pussy? It was almost too perfect -- even though he'd never trained any girls, surely he had picked up generally what it was like? And maybe, even though he'd turned his back on the idea of having his own girl-training career, he might like the idea of training a girl who was not just good, but also genuinely enthusiastic, participating not just because she had to but because she wanted to. Butterflies in her stomach, wondering if she was saying something crazy, she broached the idea with him.
"I don't exactly miss being trained, but...maybe a little? Some aspects of it? I just...I wanted to be a good girl so badly, and to know that the man training me thinks that I'm good. Could you...might you want to do that with me? Is it crazy that I got away from it, but part of me still wants that?"
Emily held her breath to see if he looked at her pityingly, if he was going to reject her, but he didn't. He put his hand on her chin and looked into her eyes. "Listen, Emily, you're not the first girl who's fled from the United States and wanted that. You're not even the first one who's asked me this, ok?" He paused, and she sat with that revelation for a moment before he continued. "Of course it's normal that if that's the only kind of sex you've had, you would want that, ok? I'm not saying no, but let me talk it over with my wife, alright? If we do, it won't be exactly what you're used to. Anyway - same time tomorrow? Meet me here?" And she nodded. He gave her a hug and walked away, and she drank the rest of her coffee, now cold. She biked home, glad to have opened up in a different way than training usually required.
-----------------
They met the next day at the cafe and Benjamin gently laid out the boundaries for her before their session. He told her he wasn't actually training her, and that she didn't have to do anything she didn't want to, and that she could end it at any time. He mentioned to her, almost shyly, that he thought he was lovely and that he hoped she would enjoy his body as well. She was wearing a short white sundress and sandals, her lips shiny with gloss.
On the walk to his place nearby, he reminded her that he'd never actually trained a girl for real, so everything he knew about it he'd picked up from things he or his wife had heard back home, or from the several other American girls who he'd fulfilled this fantasy with over the years.
Benjamin lived in a condo nearby, just him and his wife, and she was at work. He let them in just by entering in a set of numbers on a digital lock, and Emily had never seen anything like that, or like the inside of his apartment, either. Everything seemed to be activated with a button, or via his smartphone, or even by voice. In the living room, there were several bicycles suspended from the ceiling. He fixed them both drinks first in his kitchen, which was spacious and sunny and everything looked like it was made of steel. The drink was something slightly bitter with an orange peel that she loved the taste of, and they chatted while they drank. Emily hadn't had alcohol before - the drinking age was lower here - and she loved how grown-up it made her feel, even though she noticed he put more alcohol in his own drink than in hers.
Benjamin was a history professor at the university where he mainly taught graduate students, so Emily wouldn't wind up in any classes of his. (He gently teased her about this, suggesting that if she ever did develop a love of early 20th century Russian history, he could set her up with a reading list, but that having this encounter foreclosed the possibility of him teaching her.) When they were done with their drinks, he showed her his bedroom, where he gently guided her to his bed. It was set up against the back wall and barely elevated, with a large mirror hanging in front of it.
They started slow. She peeled her shirt off, revealing a sheer black-and-red bra that displayed her large, pink areola and already-hard nipples. She pulled her elbows behind her back to push her breasts out, inviting him to examine her body and determine if she was worth training. He ran his hands lightly over them at first, then took them in his hands and squeezed slightly.
Even though the act was the same as she'd had a hundred times before, there was a tension in the room that she hadn't before experienced. Being trained, she realized, was a controlled experience. Men had boundaries and rules, just as the girls did. Everything they did to you, it was for you, as she'd been frequently reminded. They could punish you - in fact, they were supposed to, if you didn't listen. But they couldn't harm you, not really. And if they did, they would have their trainer cards suspended or even revoked. But apart from the consequences of transgression, the fathers who had trained Emily had really believed in what they were doing, in the importance of developing girls' bodies, in the rightness of taking the pleasure that they were owed. In making you a better girl.
She realized as he unhooked her bra that, by contrast, she didn't know what Benjamin believed or what he would do. He'd said some things about how he'd listen to her, but what if he didn't? She felt shy in a way that she hadn't with a man in a long time, and she covered her breasts with her hands.
He took a step back. "Are you alright, Emily? Was that too soon?"
This also was something new to her -- being asked. But she felt the buzzing in her genitals -- persistent and needy -- and she knew she wanted this and would do whatever it would take to get it.
"I'm ready." And Emily dropped her hands from her breasts, put her hands behind her back to best present her body to him, to show him she was a good girl.
He admired her breasts and she could tell he was pleased. She leaned down and stepped out of her jeans and panties and practiced a ritual her mentor had worked on with her to help her get over her long-standing shame over the appearance of her genitals.
Emily parted her legs and spread her long inner lips. She noticed with pride that the bead of her clitoris was hard and wet. She took his hand and pressed her vulva into it, closing her eyes and taking the long, deep breaths she knew from experience would keep her on track.
He accepted this gift from her. He kept one hand over the girl's vulva, his palm pressed over her clit, his fingers wrapped around her and grazing her asshole. With the other, he took her chin, holding her as he leaned over and kissed her deeply. She kissed back, enthusiastic and hard, pushing her tongue just slightly into his mouth. Their kiss ended, he guided her to her bed and they both sat down, her entirely nude and him still clothed.
'How do you want this to go, Emily? Tell me how you'd like to have me?" He put a large hand on her chest and looked into her eyes. But this was apparently the wrong thing to say. She just wanted to follow his cues, to do what he asked and to be rewarded, but she didn't have the words to express this and she shook her head, hoping he would understand, but he pressed on.
"Emily. Sweetheart. You have to tell me. Listen, I know that back home, they tell you that girls are just supposed to follow what the man says. But that's not how I do this, okay?" He stroked her cheek and then her hair. "How about we try this a different way." She nodded, hoping that his different way was one where she wouldn't have to speak, to figure out what she was feeling and how to proceed.
He quietly stripped his clothes off, his shirt and pants, and then the silky navy briefs under them, folding them into a neat pile on the floor. She noticed he had a large, red tattoo on his shoulder, but she couldn't tell what it was. He stood with his arms open, inviting her glance. His arms and legs looked strong and his belly was large and furry. His cock was thick and long, but no more than she knew she could take. And even though he looked very much like some of her trainers back home, something about him seemed vulnerable in a way that she wasn't used to.
"I like your body a great deal, Emily. I can tell you're used to showing it off. You're beautiful. This is mine. Do you like it? It's alright if you don't."
But she did, and she said as much. She wanted to curl up on his chest and feel the hardness of his muscles and the softness of his stomach. She wanted, all of a sudden, to do that and only that, and when she told him so, he smiled and they lay down together, naked together and cuddling.
When he sensed she was ready to speak again, he sat up and took her hands in his. "When you're ready for more, I'm going to need you to tell me what you want to do, ok? I know you're used to trying to be a good girl and I get that, but I don't want to do anything with you that you don't want to do. Part of being a grown-up girl here - and I know you want to be that - is being able to talk about what you want. And you might hear 'no', and that's ok, too. And you might say no to me, and trust me" - and he smiled widely - "I can take it, alright? This is what I'm going to train you in today, sweetheart."
Emily did want to be a good girl, and even though she wasn't sure if what he was saying was right - and it certainly was different than what she was used to - she tried to get into the spirit of it. She took a deep breath and thought about what her body craved and what she was ready for, and she knew all of a sudden with absolute certainty that she was about to have Benjamin's cock in her, to be penetrated for the first time since arriving here.
When she told him this, he opened up a drawer in the table next to his bed, and Emily didn't know what to make of what she saw. There was lubricant and condoms, which she was now familiar with from the doctor's explanation the previous day, but also what looked like a glass sculpture of a penis, and a few smaller objects in various bright colors that she didn't know what to do with but couldn't help but want to touch. She asked about them, and Benjamin smiled at her.
"This is my collection of toys, Emily. Would you like me to try something on you?" She nodded, and he pulled a small pink object out of the drawer and instructed her to lay back on the bed. He put part of it over her clitoris and pressed a button, and Emily's body began responding before she realized what was going on. It was sort of like having a man suck on her bud, but the intensity made it different from anything she'd ever felt before, and she began crying out, unable to make any words. Faster than she'd ever done so before, her body responded with an orgasm, her pussy tightening and releasing as she distantly heard herself moan. She briefly forgot where she was, her eyes closed, and she was lost in the pleasure.
When she completed and opened her eyes, she saw Benjamin grinning at her. "You seemed to enjoy that," he said and she nodded. He introduced her to the other toys, and she compared the various sensations. He kissed her and played with her breasts while she brought herself to orgasm, and she enjoyed the sensation of his lips and tongue on hers.
But Emily still very much wanted to be fucked. Benjamin's penis had been hard throughout this, and she assumed he would have found her sufficient and desirable, but when she begged him to finally fuck her, he shook his head. "I'm not in a hurry with you, ok? I promise I want to get there with you, but I want to get to know you first." She tried to respond like a grown-up girl - to be able to hear "no" and have that be ok - but she was feeling dispirited.
Picking up on this, Benjamin winked at her and removed the glass object from the drawer. "I think you'll like this, Emily. Feel it." She picked it up and liked how it immediately warmed up in her hands. It was heavy, and she liked its solidness and heft. He asked if she was ready, and she said yes. She paused, thinking about whether to make a request, and then decided that she would.
"Could you...could we do this like you're training me? Like, for real? Can I be Ms. Emily, and you can tell exactly me what to do?"
"Of course, dear" Benjamin nodded. "How about you call me Mr. Benjamin, is that ok?", and Emily said it would be. "Now, lay back, Ms. Emily. You're going to show me how well you can take this. I want to see you open up for me and do what your body is built to do." He put the toy near her entrance, and with only a small amount of pressure, she was able to open up and take it.
He started gently, pushing it in her pussy slowly as he played with her clit. Her wetness made this easy, and when he could tell she was ready, he gave her her next set of instructions. "You're going to take my penis in your mouth now, Ms. Emily. And I want you to show me what a well-trained girl you are by sucking on me and licking me. While I do that, you're going to fuck yourself with this toy. This is what your body needs, sweet girl."
And it did. The sensation of Benjamin's penis in her mouth combined with the glass dildo got Emily just to the place she'd been trying to go. She loved the sensation of fullness, and of feeling like she was exactly where she belonged -- spread open and wet, her girl-parts responding the way it was natural and good for them to respond. She didn't think she was giving the best blow job she'd ever given, but she was trying to stay focused and remember what she knew, and from the sounds Benjamin was making, she felt like she was doing well enough.
When she was ready to orgasm, she asked for permission and he granted it, and she managed to keep his cock in her mouth as her pussy squeezed the glass toy tightly. Then Benjamin was ready as well, and he pulled out to where only the tip was in her mouth and finished himself with his hand and told her when he was about to come.
She managed to get all of his semen in her mouth, and pleased with herself, she decided to show off a little and see how he would respond. She sat up, her mouth closed, put his hand on her throat, and opened up just long enough to show him his creamy white cum in her mouth. Then she closed it and looked him in the eye while he felt her swallow, and then opened again to show him her now-empty mouth.
Benjamin gave her a "well done", and it wasn't quite the "good girl" that she wanted, but it was pretty close. He put his silky boxers back on and went to the kitchen to bring her a glass of water, and as she drank it, they chatted. She asked if this was like other encounters he'd had with other newly-emigrated American girls, and he confirmed that it was. And then she asked the question that had been on her mind.
"Do they...do they ever get it over it? Am I going to need to be a good girl forever?"
Benjamin looked at her quizzically and paused for a moment before responding. "So what if you do, Emily? I think you can find that, if that's what you keep wanting."
"But...but.... everyone here is going to think I'm a freak for what I went through! Or a victim." And she explained about the incident in the grocery store, where she'd approached an older man and offered him her body, and he'd reacted with pity.
Benjamin chuckled. "Well, ok, I wouldn't suggest approaching men in the grocery store like that! But we.... oh.... you don't know about dating apps, do you?" And Benjamin proceeded to explain to Emily that they were sort of like the training app she'd been registered on at home, but instead of men selecting you, you both had to decide if you wanted to talk and then meet up. He cautioned her that she might not want to dive right in, because unlike in the United States, there wasn't a shared understanding of what was good or acceptable to do, and she might not want to immediately go home with a man just because she liked him. (Although, Emily thought to herself as he said this, 'I just did this with you and it worked out just fine.') He also cautioned her against posting or sending naked pictures -- "let's just hold off on that, ok sweetheart? Until we can talk about it a little more?"
Emily was overwhelmed by everything Benjamin was saying. Growing up, she'd been told that the American way of doing things was preferable because it helped girls understand their bodies and needs and ushered them through this phase of their lives. But now that Emily was in Canada, she didn't feel prepared at all. Of course a Canadian girl would have known that you shouldn't proposition a man in a grocery store, or that there was a time and a place for letting a man know that you'd like to take your clothes off with him, or how to figure out what she was interested in doing in bed with him, but Emily felt painfully unprepared for all of this.
She thanked Benjamin and asked if she could check in with him or get together again, and he told her that he looked forward to it. As she walked out, she could hear his voice on the phone, "yes, dear, I've just sent Emily home. She was wonderful. Yes, I showed her a good time."