Annabelle, Annie, walked up to the address on the card. The invitation said to be here at 7pm, and here she was, just a few minutes early. The Halloween party seemed to be in full swing, as there was a lot of noise and you could hear people, probably in the back garden.
The house itself was closer to being a mansion. It was enormous, and set far back from the road. She couldn't even see any neighboring houses, what with the trees all around the sides, and, most likely, across the back.
She smoothed down her slutty nurse outfit, made sure the yellow deely-bopper head piece was in place, and rang the door bell.
The door opened almost immediately, and a kindly looking man ushered her in. He pointed out the bar and the buffet, and left her to it. She didn't know anybody, but a cute 5'3, 125lb, 32B girl dressed as she was wasn't going to be alone at a party for long.
She deliberately didn't get pulled in to conversations, as she wasn't here to make friends, she just wanted to get this over with. She circulated around the party, trying to make sure she was seen. There must have been over two hundred people here, men and women. Most were in fancy dress.
After a while, a guy dressed as Dracula came up and started chatting to her. She was noncommittal, still browsing the crowd. As she started to move away, he said "well look what I have here." He had a yellow plastic toy drum stick.
"Let's find a quiet bedroom," he said, and led her upstairs. Now, at least, she was hoping nobody would notice her.
Once in the bedroom, he bent her over the bed and lifted the hem of her dress, showing her white thong panties.
"Nice," he said, looking at her butt cheeks, stocking clad legs and high heels.
He then proceeded to smack her with the drum stick.
She counted them out loud, "One, sir." "Two, sir." And so on.
When he reached ten and stopped, she stood up, pulling the hem of her dress back down. She turned around to face him, and knelt down. She reached for his zipper, and pulled it down. Unbuttoning his pants, she freed his straining dick and put it in her mouth. Looking up into his eyes, she started sucking his dick until he came and she swallowed his load. She stood and watched him while he zipped up, and then he told her she could go.
She went back downstairs, and rejoined the party to get a drink.
She hadn't been recirculating outside by the pool for long when two guys dressed as football players caught up with her. They both had yellow plastic drum sticks, and they ushered her into the woods. The first one bent her over and pulled the hem of her dress up. He licked his lips and gave her ten swats, and she counted them. She stayed there, expecting to receive the second ten, but the guys just stood and stared at her. She straightened up, then bent down in front of him as he undid his shorts. She quickly sucked his dick in, hoping to get this over with as quickly as possible. She looked into his eyes as he tensed up and came.
She stood up, expecting the other guy to go straight into smacking her, but he said "I'm thinking you don't really want another ten on your butt, do you?"
She shook her head.
"OK," he said, "I'll do your tits instead."
She thought of protesting, but maybe this was for the best anyway. She unbuttoned the front of her dress until she could open it enough to show him her bra covered tits, and knelt down. He reached over and pulled her bra up, letting her tits out underneath it. He smacked her with the drum stick, ten times. She counted each time, even when he managed to hit her nipples and she wanted to cry out.
When he stopped, she moved forward and undid his shorts, fishing his dick out. She went down on him, sucking until just before he came, when he pulled out and jacked off over her battered tits and bra.
The guys left her kneeling in the woods, and walked back to the party. Having nothing else to clean up with, she scooped his cum off her chest with her fingers, flicking it onto the ground. She licked her fingers clean when she was done, and sorted out her bra and uniform, heading back to the party.
She went inside, and found a bathroom to clean up. As she started to close the door, a yellow plastic drum stick was pushed in to the gap, stopping her. She let the door open, and a guy dressed as King Kong followed her in.
"Go ahead," he said, "I'll watch."
She didn't want to wash her chest in front of him, so she turned away, bending over and supporting herself on the toilet. He lifted her dress a lot higher than necessary, and proceeded to give her ten swats on her already sore butt. She left her dress up and sat on the cold toilet seat lid, pulling him to her so she could find his dick in his costume. She sucked the fourth dick of the evening into her mouth, and let him cum. As he left, there was a lady waiting to get him.
Annie held the door, then locked it behind him so she could clean up a little. She stripped off her uniform dress and bra, then washed her chest in the sink. She could see a few red stripes from being smacked. She turned around and looked at her butt, and it was covered in them. With a sigh she put her bra back on, then her dress. She washed her face, then left the bathroom. The lady was still there waiting, and looked at her with disdain as she left.
As Annie headed out towards the garden, two of three guys coming towards her dressed as superheroes showed her drum sticks. She sighed, and went with them to a side room. There was a couple in the room, making out.
"Don't mind us, folks," said Superman.
The couple stopped to watch the group that had just come in. Annie bent over, and Superman lifted her dress, smacking her with the drum stick. Annie blushed in embarrassment as she counted the strikes on her butt. When she got to ten and Superman stopped, Batman said he'd forgo the smacking if she'd blow them topless.
Annie straightened up and unbuttoned her dress with shaking fingers. Everybody watched as she reached behind her and unhooked her bra, baring her small, perky tits to the room. Her nipples hardened as she knelt down in front of Superman, who was pulling down his underpants and tights. She sucked his dick into her mouth, bobbing back and forth until he came.
She turned to Batman, who was already stripped, and sucked him off too. Once he'd cum, she turned to Spiderman, and pulled his costume down so she could suck his dick. He said he didn't have a drum stick, and she just shrugged and got to work sucking him off.
By the time she was done, Superman and Batman were ready to go. Spiderman started dressing again, and Annie put her bra back on. The superheroes left as she was putting her uniform dress back over her shoulders, the couple still staring at her. She put her head down and left the room.
Walking past a clock, she saw she'd been there less than three hours, and sucked off seven guys. So far.
She went to the buffet and ate a few pastry puffs, then turned to find a guy dressed as a cowboy watching her. He showed her the yellow drum stick, then took her hand and led her upstairs to a bedroom. Inside, there were three guys sitting down on the bed.
"Found her," said the cowboy. "Little lady, I'm going to spank your pussy. I'm thinking you'd prefer if I used my hand, rather than this stick?"
She nodded. His hand would hurt, but the stick would hurt a lot more.
He undid her dress, and had her spread her legs apart.
The first smack landed, and it hurt more than she'd been expecting. "One, sir."
At three, a warmth started to spread through her pussy.
At six, it was starting to feel pleasurable, and she could feel she was getting wet.
At eight, she was looking forward to being struck.
At ten, she came in front of four strangers, moaning and quivering. When she calmed down, she got on her knees and unbuttoned the cowboy's jeans.
When he was done, she looked at the guys on the bed. None of them seemed to have a drum stick, and it was time to go anyway. She buttoned up her dress and headed towards the front door.