My wife and I were on our final day of our 5 night 6 day caribbean vacation. We were basking in the sun enjoying the sounds of the beach soaking in every minute of relaxation. The resort was fabulous. Pristine tropical gardens against a backdrop of crystal blue waters. Every detail was perfect, the beach, the sand, and the cabanas.
The suite we booked had a semi private swim up pool that connected to the entire network of pools around the resort. That week we frequented every swim up bar along the resort's chain of pools. We were in the ultimate relaxation mode.
Typically, my wife is more reserved. This week she was living in the moment and letting loose of her inhibitions. It all started at check-in.
We arrived to the resort early, before our scheduled arrival time. The front desk clerk offered us a standard room. We opted to wait for the swim up suite we had reserved. The bell-hop took our bags and gave us directions to the beachside bar on property.
The cool ocean breezes surrounded by the sounds of the tropics made it easy to relax. Tropical cocktails washed away any tension created from a day of travel.
A few drinks in, we received a text from the concierge that our room was ready.
On our route back to the registration desk, my wife took a bypass into a boutique near the hotel lobby. Normally, I would have protested such a move. Today was different, the vacation relaxed me, went with the flow.
Browsing the racks, my wife picked out some rather provocative swimwear. She tried on multiple micro bikinis. She was prancing around the dressing room with confidence. She looked sensational. To my surprise she wanted them all! Without hesitation and inquiring about the price, I blindly charged them to the room.
The adult only all inclusive atmosphere was exactly what we needed. We both were in a hypnotic stage of relaxation.
The sex this week was amazing and often. Two or three times a day, every day. We were making passionate love then fucking like pornstars. We fucked in the pool, on the beach, in the ocean, and in our room. We went to sleep having sex and woke up to more sex. We think our neighbors were watching us a couple of times during our afternoon sessions! This added to our excitement. We did things to each other that we had never done before. We were loving every minute of our vacation and each other.
Our days were spent relaxing by the pool, laying out on the beach, swimming in the ocean, and eating in the beachside cafes. We noticed some ladies around the pool and beach were laying out topless. To my shock and excitement, my wife decided to join the no tan lines club and removed her top.
I was not the only one noticing my wife's hot body. The other husbands and a few of the wives could not keep their eyes off of her. She had perfect tits, abs, tight ass, and sexy legs. I am a lucky man. She checks all the boxes of the perfect wife. You would think after 20+ years of marriage I would be used to seeing her body. Everytime, I see her naked, I immediately get turned on. She does it for me!
My wife was basically laying out nude in front of me and perfect strangers. The only thing covering her body was a tiny bikini bottom. I can't believe that she was brave enough to wear a thong and go topless!
I mentioned to her that she was attracting quite the onlookers.
She responded, "Should I cover up?"
I quickly responded, "Absolutely not."
I enjoyed watching the other men and ladies struggling not to stare at her. I was a proud husband. It was evident. I had a constant erection just thinking about her. My trips back and forth from the pool to chaise lounge became difficult. I had to try to camouflage and conceal my excitement. My cock was throbbing and engulfed with blood making it difficult to walk.
During one of our fuck sessions, my wife had shared a fantasy that she had worked up in her mind. She was fucking a black guy in our hotel suite while I watched her through the glass patio door. My wife had a dirty mind and I loved it. We fucked as she shared every detail of her erotic encounter. I was so turned with the idea that my wife was such a dirty little slut. She was extremely turned on and liked the idea of being bad.
On our excursions from pool to pool, we noticed a group in their early to mid 30's. They were all about 10-15 years younger than us. The group was part of a party attending a destination wedding that weekend. They were having a great time celebrating. One of the men in the group was having a hard time keeping his eyes off my wife. I think she noticed him as well. He was a clean cut, muscular, good looking black man about 6ft tall or so.
The group invited us over to their part of the pool to hang out. We had a couple of drinks with them on the first day. The young black lad was very flirtatious with my wife. I could tell that she enjoyed the attention. I enjoyed watching her flirt and tease the young stud. It was amusing.
We hung out with the wedding party a couple of times on our transit back and forth from our pool to the swim up bars that week. It was fun and they were fun. We got to know their names and that they were college friends. Since graduation, they rarely got to see each other. They all lived in different cities across the United States. The wedding was kind of a reunion for them. The young black stud's name was Detrick. I got the suspicion that he was the guy from my wife's dark fantasy. This did not bother me. It was really the opposite effect. The thought of her having these desires and vivid imaginations really turned me on.
That last day of our vacation came way too soon. We were hanging by the pool cherishing every minute knowing that we would be missing this place soon. Tomorrow we were headed back to the cold weather of February.
My wife was immersed in a novel on her kindle, while I was lost in a netflix series on my ipad. Interrupted by an alert on my screen.
The American Airline app was notifying me that our flight was overbooked.
"Free travel vouchers!"
A 24 hour delay and they would pay for us to extend our stay. I immediately shared this news flash with my wife.
Her beautiful smile was enough for me to know, she was all in.
I quickly put on my t-shirt and flip flops and bolted to the front desk. My wife swam off to the bar to refresh her drink.
It was official, we could keep the suite for an extra night! An extra day in paradise.
On my walk back to the pool, I could see my gorgeous wife hanging out in the water adjacent to our room. I could tell she was having a great time. She was sipping on a cocktail while enjoying the company of her flirtatious guest.
The black stud Detrick was hanging on to every word she said. I did not want to break up their little session. I shared the update with her quickly. We could extend our stay, but I had to go back to the concierge desk to reschedule our taxi to the airport. I let them know it would be at least an hour before my return.
She swam over to my side of the pool. I whispered to her, "Is Detrick the guy from your fantasy the other night?"
She blushed and smiled and with a sexy soft voice "Yes, and I kind of want to be bad right now."
My cock instantly reached an erection. I instructed her, " Have fun and leave the blinds open, I may want to watch."
She laughed and said, "Okay, you got it babe".
She floated back to the other side of the narrow pool to meet back up with Detrick, while I walked towards the lobby. I really did not have to confirm anything with the coincerge.
I got out of their line of sight and watched them from a distance. After a few drinks you could tell they were engaged in a strong flirtatious foreplay. I saw her bathing suit top sail across the pool as they splashed around with each other.
My wife was on her way to fulfilling our fantasy. I never thought she would go through with it, until I saw her leading Detrick to our room. I briskly walked back to our chairs by the pool. Our chaise lounges were perfectly situated across the pool from our room.
I had a perfect view of everything that was going to happen. I sat poolside as I watched my wife give our young stud quite the show. My wife was on the dance team in college. She had a way with moving her body that drove me crazy. I could see it was also mesmerizing the young muscular Detrick. She worked her body against his firm frame. Detrick's anatomy started to bulge through his bathing suit. Her pussy was covered by her tiny bikini bottoms as she grinded against his rigid cock.
She could feel his excitement. His shirt was off as she ran her lips and tongue down his chiseled wet chess. She continued exploring his washboard abs. She could feel every abdominal muscle on her way down to his waist. She clutched his cock as she gripped the outside of his swim trunks. Wanting what was inside his shorts, she untied his bathing suit to extract his cock . She delivered the black rod to her mouth. My wife wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. Her tongue circled inside her mouth around the head of his dick. His cock was large, but not too big. It was a thick black rod. She continued to lick down the shaft clinching his balls while continuing to stroke up and down.
She could not stop thinking about how good Detrick's cock was going to feel inside of her. Her cunt was soaking with excitement. She looked out of the corner of her eye to see if I was watching. I was intently watching every move she made. She knew she had my permission to fuck this young stud. She was going to provide me with a great exhibition.
This was just the beginning of her sexual performance. She was going to fuck me next. Detrick was our foreplay. He was part of our sexual adventure that we both wanted. She was devoted to me. She committed herself to fuck another guy for our mutual pleasure. It was intense. She was intense.
She laid Detrick down on the bed in order to suck his cock. She removed her bathing suit bottoms. My wife positioned herself to give me a glimpse of her ass bent over. She was on all fours sucking this guys cock and I was hot watching her.
She could feel his cock getting harder. To prevent him from cumming, she squeezed his cock and climbed on top so he could enter her.
"Damn, that cock feels good." I could hear her scream.
My wife was a dirty slut and she loved being bad. I could see Detrick's large black cock sliding into my wife's wet pussy as she rode him. I could tell my wife was loving the idea of me watching.
She slowly grinded the warmth of her pussy against Detrick's manhood. She was careful not to go too fast. She did not want him to climax early. I could see Detrick's strong hands grab my wife's tight ass. I understood, I love grabbing my wife's ass. Her ass is one of her best features.
Detrick flipped her over. My wife spread her legs to invite him into her sultry cunt. Laying flat on her back, she repositioned herself on the bed. She knew this would give me a profile view of their fuck session. My wife was fucking him for both of our dirty pleasures.
Her hands were all over his athletic body. As she clinched on to his strong biceps with her fingers, he penetrated her. He started with slow rhythmic thrusts. She groaned, but wanted more.
She moaned, " Fuck me harder."
He started pounding her hot pussy faster and harder. She tightened her grip on his body moving her hands from his biceps to his powerful back muscles.
"Fuck me harder." I could hear her moaning through the glass door.
She became more audible as she begged him to fuck her harder and deeper. She wanted it even deeper.
She rolled herself over on all fours. Detrick lined up behind her. She buried her face into the mattress and pillow. Detrick was hammering my wife from behind. She looked up to meet my eyes. Staring at me with a deep lustful thank you. She made me feel like I was the one penetrating her. My cock was getting harder and harder. I knew it would be my turn soon. My hotwife was fucking a young stud and I was loving it. I could tell she loved being a naughty slutty hotwife.
Detrick's cock was stroking my wife's cunt faster and harder. His hips were thrusting her forward. She could barely take it. Her pussy was pulsing with pleasure. Ecstasy possessed both of their bodies as she and him both came. They collapsed in their mutual gratification.
My wife looked up from the bed and gave me a sexy grin. She motioned me with her finger to come to our room. I was hyper aroused and ready to fuck my wife. She was a dirty whore and I liked it.
As I entered the room from the patio, I could hear the front door close quielty.
Detrick had fucked my wife and made his exit.
My wife was spread across the bed. She still wanted more and motioned me towards her. I was worked up and ready to deliver. Detrick was our foreplay. The idea of fucking two men back to back made her pussy purr.
She pulled herself up to her knees on the bed. I was standing directly in front of her. She undressed me uncovering my cock and swallowing me into her mouth.
"Honey, Honey, Honey," my wife awoke me from a deep sleep.
I wiped away the drool that was slowly dripping down my face. My body was stiff and uncomfortable. My cock was throbbing and fully erect.
My wife was sitting next to me quietly laughing, "Honey we just landed."
I was dazed and confused, yet bulging from my pants.
My wife looked down at my crotch and asked, "What have you been dreaming about? You have been moaning for the last hour while you were deep asleep."
I slowly came to the realization that I was crammed in a airplane seat. Our plane had just landed and it was taxiing to our arrival gate at our home airport.
"Wow what I dream," I muttered to her.
I am glad it was just a dream and this will stay a fantasy. My wife is hot, but she is mine and I don't want to share her with anybody.
I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "I was reliving the fantasy you shared with me. I love you baby. I look forward to fucking you tonight and telling you all about it."
I hope we can continue our escapades at home. What will be our next fantasy.