MY SISTER'S KEEPER


By: tlanuwa1963

This series follows "Slave Management 101". Katherine is finally brought in as a primary character. Much of the rest of the story will focus on Katherine and her transformation from bitch into her brother's slave. She will be an integral part throughout the rest of the story.
As always I enjoy and appreciate your polite feedback, good, bad, or indifferent. Thank you so much for taking the time to read my story.

CHAPTER 7

Those county jail jumpsuits were an awful shade of orange. They really clashed with my complexion. They did give me a high quality leather belt to wear today. Of course my hands were cuffed to it. The black and white slider sandals I was wearing were difficult to walk in with my leg cuffs fitting snugly around my ankles. They were getting kinda painful.
I concentrated on my attire to keep from dwelling on what was about to transpire. Kristen and I were standing next to each other behind a table in the courtroom facing the judge. The judge was a fat bald man, probably in his mid-fifties. His face was round, his little piggy nose held wire frame glasses through which he watched me.
I figured the nasty old bastard would have his cock in one of my holes before too much longer. From what I'd heard, I was expecting a gang-bang during my slave intake. Apparently once I was a naked slave, every man, and many women I interacted with would be taking a piece of me. I was about to become just a set of holes for anyone to stick anything they wanted into.
Truth be told, I was terrified, but there was no way in hell I'd let any of these fuck-turds see that. I'd show no fear, and no tears. They would do with me as they will, so I was fantasizing like I do when I masturbate, trying to get my pussy as wet as I could so it wouldn't be painful. To make matters worse, James was the star of my fantasy, as usual. As much as I tried to kick the bastard out of my head, he always came back to to make me quiver in ecstasy.
No doubt one of them would feel the need to ass-fuck me. I felt sure there would be no lube, all I could do was hope the bastard had a little dick. They probably all had little dicks, that's why they wanted to be cops, to compensate for their little dicks.
Kristen quit talking, snapping my attention back to my surroundings just in time to hear the judge speak, "Very well. How does the defendant plead?"
There's my cue, "Guilty, Your Honor."
"Very well. Let the record show that the defendant pleads guilty to four counts of Manslaughter."
The DA dropped 'intoxicated' in order to be able to reduce the sentence to the twenty five years we agreed on. It amounted to just over six years for each victim, to be run consecutively. I was about to sign my life away. Twenty five years. I'd be old and ugly when I was released. Nobody would want me.
"What happens to old wore out slaves. I'll probably end up living under a bridge somewhere, just waiting to die. This is not how my life was supposed to turn out. How in the fuck did I wind up here? If I can find the courage, maybe I'll hang myself the first chance I get."I felt my eyes start to water."DO NOT CRY YOU STUPID WEAK CUNT!!! NEVER LET THEM SEE YOU CRY!!!!"
The Judge continued, "Under the terms of the plea agreement between the defendant and the District Attorney, you are sentenced to twenty five years of indenture, to begin immediately. Bailiff, strip the defendant and take her for processing."
As the bailiff came for me, the Judge called, "Bailiff, the State of Alabama Department of Corrections has already designated an owner for this slave. He should be waiting for you at the loading dock. You'll have documents identifying the owner back in the processing station."
"Thank you, Your Honor."
"I'll meet you in the processing area. She's a pretty little thing, even with the scaring. I'll give her the honor of getting her first fuck as a slave from me." The judge scanned my body, anticipation showing on his face.
The bailiff walked me around the table to stand in the middle of the room facing the public seats. It was about half full. None of my family was there, which was as expected. I saw a couple of familiar faces from high school. But I couldn't remember who they were. The bailiff removed my cuffs, belt, and leg irons.
"Raise your hands over your head." the bailiff instructed. When I did he unbuttoned the front of my jumpsuit.
"You will respond verbally to every command you are given." he said in a monotone, giving my nipple an excruciatingly vicious twist to reinforce his words.
"Yes Master." I gasped. It took all I could do to contain my painful squeal, but I did it. It felt like a small victory.
"Drop your arms to your side."
"Yes Master."
The bailiff stepped behind me, grabbed my collar pulling it back, then down my arms before releasing it. This allowed the jumpsuit to fall freely off my body to the floor. I'd not bothered with underwear this morning. I knew what was coming.
"Step back" he instructed me.
"Yes Master." I took a step back, leaving the jumpsuit on the floor. I was now completely naked in the court room. Just about everyone in the public gallery was holding their phone up snapping pictures or videoing my first steps into slavery. I had shut off my mind. I seemed to be watching my body docilely following orders, my face showing no expression.
"Collar." he instructed. I recognized the command and knew what he wanted from many years of watching and handling slaves on the estate and elsewhere. With my left hand I gathered my hair and held it up away from my neck. The Bailiff put a leather collar against my throat. I was expected to bow my head forward when I felt the collar so it could be locked in place, which I did without hesitation. I felt the leather wrap around my neck and heard the click of the lock.
"Leash." He instructed.
"Yes Master." I dropped my hair, returned my hand to my side, and tilted my head back to give him easy access to the D-Ring attached to the front of my collar.
With my leash attached, the Bailiff instructed, "Pick up all that stuff off the floor." Indicating the jail uniform, slides, and restraints that had been so recently removed from my body.
"Yes Master." I gathered everything up as told and held the bundle against my chest with both hands.
Once I rose, he instructed "Heel", and walked off towards the other side of the room. I fell in two steps behind and one step to his left. Just where I was supposed to be.
So far I was just following along in a daze, doing as I was told. After my initial look, I don't remember anybody in the gallery. I don't remember seeing my attorney again, even though I know she was there. I don't remember the judge. All I remember is the Bailiff and doing my best to please him.
No doubt you find that surprising knowing what you do about how volatile I can be. But I was trying to play it smart. This process could be horrid in an almost medieval sense. So I knew the worse I behaved, the harsher the experience would be for me. I expected the next forty eight hours to be a nightmare and I wanted to get through it with as little trauma as possible.
I followed my my new, temporary master through the door, down a couple of corridors, and several flights of stairs until we reached the processing center. The bundle in my arms was taken from me before I was lead to what could be described as a modern version of a stockade where I was bent over at the waist to be locked in place with a steel loop over my neck and two smaller loops keeping my hands in place.
I was in one of several side by side stockades running parallel to a wall about four feet away from my secured head. There was one other woman secured two places over from me with a deputy gripping her hips and fucking her from behind. Another one face fucked her, gripping her long brunette hair to control her pace. It didn't look to bad. I'd experienced both before, albeit never a the same time.
Just back from the stockade, there was a steel pipe running parallel to the stockade a little above waist height that I was bent over. Once I was locked in place the pipe held me up so that I could just barely touch the cold unadorned concrete floor with my toes. A leather cuff was put on each ankle, attached to the floor and tightened pulling my legs down far enough that I could almost stand flat footed. The bar pressed against my pelvic bones and was quite uncomfortable.
They must have thought I was an escape artist because they also wrapped a flat nylon strap under the pipe, over my back, under the pipe again in an 'X' pattern, then over my back again where it was inserted into a ratcheting mechanism for tightening. After a good hard tug of the bitter end of the strap to get all the slack out, I was ratcheted in place. This was also very painful, they made sure I wasn't going anywhere.
While I was being immobilized, the fat-ass judge came in to watch the proceedings. He apparently enjoyed pinching, twisting and pulling my nipples as hard as he could while the bailiffs worked.
Looking at someone behind me I couldn't see, the judge asked, "Is she wet Jeff? You know I hate dry pussy."
Someone, Jeff I suppose, unceremoniously jabbed two fingers into my pussy causing me to jump in surprise, "Not very." Jeff replied.
"Well lube her up for me, and use plenty." Seconds later I felt what I thought was a plastic tube inserted as deep as it would go into me and felt a cold liquid pouring into my pussy. I'm pretty sure the bastards had that shit in the fridge. The Judge must have felt like he was fucking a corpse when he finally got around to me. Cold oil of some kind gushed out of me and down my legs.
"How's that, Judge?" Jeff asked.
The judge released my abused nipples and walked around behind me, "God damn it Jeff! It's running all down her legs. You know that shit is gonna get all over my pants. Now clean her up so I can stick my dick in her. I have to meet my wife for lunch in about half an hour."
"Alright Judge, just calm down, I'll get her cleaned up for you." I could hear the humor in Jeff's voice as clearly as I could hear the irritation in the judges.
A rough towel scrubbed my legs removing the excess oil. Then my pussy got a good scrubbing, the roughness of the towel making it feel raw. Two big fingers rammed into me then began to wiggle around. It actually felt pretty good, Jeff had big fingers. A couple minutes of that would have negated the use of lube. It doesn't take much to get me dripping wet.
With a chuckle Jeff said, "She's good and lubed up now, Judge. Fuck her hard."
"Yeah she's gonna like this, aren't ya bitch?"
"Yes Master" I said trying to sound like I was actually looking forward to having his cock in me.
I heard the unmistakable sounds of a belt buckle loosening and pants coming down right before I felt his hands on my hips. Immediately afterwards he rammed his cock into me. I felt more lube squirt out of my pussy around his little prick.
He immediately pulled out of me sputtering. I don't know why he slapped me on the ass. I didn't fill myself with that much lube. All I did was wait patiently for his little pea shooter. I had to resist the urge to tell the judge he was the first man to ever make me squirt. Somehow I didn't think he would find that nearly as funny as I did.
"God damn it Jeff!" the Judge shouted again. "How much lube did you put in her cunt? Give me a fucking towel before it gets on my pants, I don't have another pair with me."
"Sorry about that, Judge" Jeff still barely contained his mirth.
I heard the sound of cloth scrubbing skin for a couple of minutes as the Judge cursed under his breath. Then hands found my hips again. This time he entered me slowly, not wanting to be the first man to ever make me squirt twice.
He stroked in and out of me for a couple of minutes, panting like he'd run a marathon before he finally came in me. I really hoped none of these bastards gave me an s.t.d. It'd be just my luck the way the last few month had gone for me.
I heard the sound of some one wiping cloth on skin again, then I heard the Judge pull his pants up, "Damn girl, where'd you get that big ole loose pussy? You almost weren't worth the effort."
I didn't say that it had nothing to do with how tight I was and everything to do with his tiny dick. What I did say was, "I'm so sorry I didn't please you with my worthless cunt your Honor. Please forgive me."
"I guess I should've known a baby killer would be run through and wore out." The judge replied.
"Well I'm hungry, I'm going to lunch. See you later Jeff."
"Enjoy your lunch Judge." I heard Jeff say.
Again something was shoved in me as deep as it would go. Apparently it was a water hose giving me the coldest douche I'd ever had. However I was happy to get the old bastards cum out of me.
Once they figured I was flushed out sufficiently, I felt something wet running down the crack of my ass. "You've been a good little slut so you get a reward, I'm gonna lube up your ass." Jeff told me.
"Thank you master." About that time Jeff's finger slid into my ass lubing me up inside. Considering my situation, I was grateful.
While Jeff lubed my ass, I looked to the see the other woman sharing my experience receive a number tattoo inside her lower lip, just like they do horses. I heard her gasp again, probably from her lower back tattoo.
Jeff slid his cock into my ass. He was bigger than the Judge, probably about average size so I had no problem taking him. He put his hands on my hips and fucked in and out of me slowly. This surprised me, I expected him to do his best to tear up my asshole. Maybe he just likes a nice leisurely fuck.
Whatever the reason, I wasn't complaining. I was actually enjoying it a little bit. Weird, I know, right? But in my position, I may as well learn to enjoy whatever I could. Hating it wasn't going to make it stop and If I didn't figure out how to derive what pleasure I could, when I could, my sentence would feel like twenty five decades rather than twenty five years.
"Alright bitch, you're all done here. Off to the slave auction with you." One of the other deputies said as he released the other woman from her restraints. He leashed her and headed towards the stairwell as the woman started sobbing.
A third deputy showed up in front of me with his hard cock out, pointing at my face. Knowing what was coming, I said "Oh thank you master" and opened my mouth wide.
Over the next hour, the three deputies made use of all my holes a number of times. They'd come in me, stick the hose in my ass or pussy to wash me out, lube me up, switch positions and fuck me again.
They weren't gentle, but to my surprise, neither were they particularly rough. It was obvious I was just a living fuck doll to them. The men joked among themselves but none of them ever spoke to me. They were actually pretty funny, making fun of each other's cocks, technique, stamina, orgasm faces, among other things.
All women have dirty little fantasies they never share with anybody. I guess I was dirtier than most women because this was hitting three of my deepest, darkest secret desires all at the same time. Although I thought I'd never do it, being bound and used thoughtlessly as a fuck toy, was one fantasy. And what woman doesn't have a gang bang fantasy. I don't know if three to one counts as a gang bang, but it was the closest I ever got. I guess my darkest secret desire is being forced to service a man in every conceivable way against my will. Well, that's what I was experiencing.
Even though I didn't cum, it was an enjoyable, unique experience that I still think back on when I masturbate. Well...except for the judge.
However, there was one torment I'd yet to experience once none of the deputies were able to coax another erection from their well used cocks. A female deputy came down the stairs wearing sterile gloves.
"Brenda, we wondered when you would get here", Jeff greeted her.
"Sorry about that, I got tied up with a booking."
"No problem, we just finished with her a few minutes ago."
"Did you have fun? How's her pussy"
"We always have fun. She has a nice tight pussy, and her ass is even tighter. I don't think she's been getting much dick lately. We fucked this one till we couldn't get it up anymore."
I felt a full body flush as they all chuckled at their own banter.
One of the other deputies released my restraints, and stood me up. He let me lean on the pipe until the feeling came back to my legs.
"Get to the other side of the room" he ordered.
As I walked to where he indicated, I saw a steel bar about three feet wide suspended from a hoist mounted to the ceiling. It was about five feet off the ground. There were two footprints painted on the concrete floor about thirty inches apart where he told me to stand. When I put my feet where directed, I saw there were large D-Rings set flush with the floor.
I still wore the leather ankle braces and the deputy quickly chained them to the D-rings allowing virtually no movement of my bare feet.
Next he put leather braces on my wrists similar to the set on my ankles. These he attached to the suspended bar. Once I was secured, he took a box with a red and a green button on it that was hanging from an electric cable coming out of the winch. The deputy pushed the red button and the winch began pulling the crossbar upwards carrying my hands along with it.
In very short order, my hands were as far as they would go above my head, and still the winch continued to lift. Once my feet were completely off the ground with the chains attached to the floor,the winch stopped turning. The leather braces kept the discomfort to a minimum while I was suspended and completely vulnerable.
Eavesdropping on the deputies conversation I learned that Brenda ran a successful tattoo and piercing shop on the weekends. I already had my Department of Corrections tat. I couldn't see mine, but I knew it was an outline of the state of Alabama about four inches tall with DOC in the middle and a unique registration number underneath it. It was the same number they put on the inside of my lip. So I wondered why a tattoo artist was here.
Brenda took a small leather pouch out of the messenger bag she carried and unzipped it. I watched her closely, but I couldn't tell what was in the case. She set it down on the table behind me. Brenda thoroughly cleaned my nipples with a damp towelette. I don't know what was on it, but it caused my nipples to stand as tall and hard as they ever had. Then she took a small sharpie and drew a line up each side of both my nipples.
I began to wonder if I was about to have my nipples pierced. None of them told me what was about to happen and I didn't dare ask. Slaves don't ask questions.
Brenda brought a pair of hemostats with teardrop shaped loops where the clamping jaws should be. She pinched my nipple with the hemostats so that it was captured inside the teardrop loops and held there.
A long needle was in her other hand. Now I knew what was about to happen, my heart beat faster in anticipation of the pain caused by a needle passing through my nipple. I liked nipple jewelry, I thought they were sexy. But I never had it done due to my fear of the pain.
Stretched out and vulnerable as I was, all I could do was prepare to endure the procedure. Fear made me queasy, constricted my chest making it hard to breathe as Brenda manipulated the hemostats putting my nipple in optimal position for passing the needle through. I couldn't watch, I closed my eyes and waited for the needle to pierce me.
The light prick of the needle where she placed it on the line she had drawn told me it was about to happen. A bit more pressure, a bit more pain, then Brenda forced the needle all the way through. Holy fucking balls that hurt. I wanted to vocalize something, instead I just gasped and squinched my eyes closed as tightly as I could. Being suspended as I was left me unable to grab and hold my poor abused nipple as instinct screamed at me to do.
Becoming acclimated to the pain, I opened my eyes and looked down to see the needle sticking out of both sides of my nipple. Brenda cut off the end of the needle with a pair of scissors, attached a circular ring to it, and then threaded the ring through the hole left by the needle. Her action caused my pain level to spike again. The pain intensified while she tied both ends of the silver ring together with what appeared to be a double ended nut that she tightened with a tiny wrench. There was no way I'd be able to remove the ring with just my hands.
When Brenda finished attaching the ring, I relaxed since it was over and done with. Eyeing my newly bejeweled nipple critically, I thought it was quite sexy in a BDSM sort of way. Plus it was nice to have some type of adornment since they had taken my ear rings.
I don't know why I was surprised when Brenda clamped my other nipple in the hemostats. Knowing what to expect, I shut my eyes, held my breath, clinched my fists and curled my toes while I underwent the same process again. Again I stifled any vocalization. Again I found the new ring sexy once the ordeal was done.
Still suspended and wondering when the deputies would release me, Brenda surprised me again when she began to tease my clit. Thinking Jeff and his buddies might want to take another shot my holes while I was suspended, I relaxed and allowed my self to become aroused. It's always best to be lubed when you are about to get fucked, even if it's not the biggest dick you've ever had.
Brenda's manipulations of my clit started to feel like she was looking for something. Once she identified where my hood ended and my clit began, she pinched my hood holding my skin taut. That's when I saw the needle. Oh dear Lord, she was about to pierce my clit!!! I had no chance to prepare for the pain as Brenda swiftly pushed the needle through my clitoral hood.
Of their own accord, my muscles vainly tried to bend my body over so I could clasp both hands protectively over my painful clit. The restraints allowed very little movement. I don't think I cried out, but I don't know how I held it. Perhaps because I wasn't breathing.
"Just relax, we're almost done here." Brenda spoke to me for the first time.
My mind screamed at her,"RELAX, ARE FUCKING KIDDING ME???? YOU JUST PUT A FUCKING HOLE IN MY CLIT AND YOU'RE STUPID ENOUGH EXPECT ME TO RELAX???"I knew voicing that little remark would make matters worse for me so I just replied, "Yes Mistress".

CHAPTER 8

Turns out I was incredibly lucky for a woman who just signed her life away, although I didn't know it at first. It was several months before I found out who I owed my good fortune to. When the Judge said I already had an owner, it didn't register. Until I was on the loading dock, shivering in the early December chill, watching my brother's close friend Eric sign the shipping documents putting me in his custody, it didn't occur to me that I wouldn't have to go through the slave auction.
The auction house was the part that scared me the most. They had a terrifying reputation. I was expecting to spend two days servicing more men than I could count; enduring the most humiliating conditions one can imagine. People talk about constant abuse from the handlers, then being tied spread eagle for the buyers to view you, touch you, penetrate you, all while you've absolutely no ability to talk or even scream due to a chemical sprayed into your throat. The deputies were no worse than a frat party compared to the auction.
There was a van backed up to the dock with a big "Ballers Bar & Grill" logo on the side and the back. I couldn't see the other side, but it seemed obvious the logo was on both sides. Eric looked up at me and smiled when a deputy jerked on my leash and then lead me to him.
"Hhmmmm. Eric. James' friend? He's cute. He's always had a crush on me, and now he owns his wet dream come true. This is going to be easier than I thought. I might be the one running around naked all the time, but after he gets a taste of my pussy and experiences my skill at pleasuring a man, Eric will belong to me. Time to turn on the charm and be the sultriest little slave he's ever seen."
When the deputy gave my leash to Eric, he was met with my bedroom eyes and and a smile that screamed fuck me, fuck me now. Eric's expression said he knew exactly what I was promising, and he wanted it.
As I began to ease down into my Nadu, obviously staring at Eric's crotch, he spoke to me for the first time, "Don't bother to kneel Katherine, we're getting straight into the van."
"Yes Master." My eyes didn't leave his crotch until I had to look up and follow Eric to the the van.
Eric opened the sliding van door, reached in and opened the kennel door. The Kennel wasn't much larger than a large dog kennel. I'd transported slaves a few times and knew what was expected of me. So I climbed into the van on my hands and knees, then backed into the kennel. Crawling backwards into a kennel is nearly impossible to do sensuously but I tried and never broke eye contact with Eric.
Eric locked the kennel door closed, slid the van door closed, walked around the van, climbed into the driver's seat, started the van and drove us away from the county court house.
***********************************
Ten to fifteen minutes later Eric stopped the van, got out and came around to release me from the kennel, "Come on Katherine, we're going to get you checked out before we go to the bar."
"Yes Master", I cooed to my new owner. As he led the way, I fell in and strutted across that parking lot like I was on a runway in Paris. It was my first time nude in public and I was scared to death. But, I was going to be nude in front of perfect strangers most of the rest of my life, so I thought I may as well own it. If you were going to ogle my naked body, I was going to make sure you liked what you saw.
This was another first. I'd never been in a slave veterinarian's office before. It was much like any vet's office you've been in. This was a small practice run by only two vets. There were probably twenty chairs in the small waiting room, about a quarter of them were in use. And just like a vet's office, owners sat in the chairs with their pets sitting on the floor beside them. Only here the pets were human.
All the customers were men with female slaves of varying ages and appearances. Most of them were cute, but I was by far the prettiest and sexiest slave in there. Everyone in the office knew it too. Every eye in the building was glued to me as soon as I walked into the room.
I'd always known I was hot and that all men, and many women, surreptitiously ogled me as I went about my business. This, however, was on another level. First, I was nude. Second, they were openly staring at me, knowing I could say or do nothing to stop them. Despite my discomfort at being unclothed in public, I was getting really turned on. I was so wet, I knew I'd be dripping soon.
I couldn't wait for Eric to get me back to his club, bend me over a table and fuck me senseless right there in the middle of the bar, hopefully with an audience. I so hoped he had a big dick with which to fuck me all day. Then he'd just leave me laying on my back on the table, unable to move from all the orgasm's I'd have, his cum running deliciously out of my cunt.
What appeared to be a vet tech calling Eric's name abruptly ended my little fantasy. Instantly obedient to my new master, I fell in behind Eric as the tech led us down a short hall to an exam room.
The tech removed my leash giving it to Eric and had me Nadu kneel on a large platform scale that showed me to be 128 lbs. That sounded about right for my 67 inch frame. Muscle is heavier than fat after all.
"Hi Eric, I see you have a new one for us today. Her name's Katherine, correct?
"That's right, I just picked her up. Mom told me to get her checked over before I take her back to the club."
"Ok great. I'll check her vitals and let Dr Rife know you're here."
The tech's name tag identified her as Megan. Megan jotted down my weight, then spoke, "Katherine, hop up here on the exam table and Humble."
Humble is a slave command telling me to get on all fours with my face on the floor, exam table in this case, with my arms above my head and my ass and pussy up high for examination, or fucking, or whatever else someone may want to do to me. It's a pretty vulnerable position. It's generally used to beg forgiveness. But in this situation it works well for a physical examination.
Megan put an automatic blood pressure cuff on my right arm, a blood oxygen sensor on my index finger, and an old fashioned glass thermometer in my ass. I have no idea why they did that instead of using one of those touch-free pistol looking thermometers. But there you have it.
Megan read all the instruments attached to me, recorded the readings in a file, then spoke to Eric, "All her vitals look good, Dr Rife will be with you shortly. You can just have Katherine wait there on the table."
"Thanks Megan. It's good seeing you again."
"You too Eric, I'll see you next time."
I stayed in Humble on that table for probably twenty minutes. The stainless steel top was cold on my forearms, my forehead, my nipples, my knees, and my shins. My muscles were starting to complain from being in the same position for so long. Ordinarily I'd have been pissed if someone made me stay like this, but today it was contributing to my arousal.
While I waited there so vulnerable and exposed to anyone who walked in, unable to cover myself, forced to submit to whatever anyone wanted to do to me without repercussion, I became even hornier. The first of my natural lube slowly began to run down the inside of my thigh. I wanted Eric to fuck me in this position while I couldn't move. To just take his cock while remaining still as a statue.
It is beyond my comprehension where these emotions came from. I'd never had the sex slave fantasies many girls do. I've always been dominant in bed. These feelings, and this behavior is completely foreign to me. But that doesn't make it any less arousing.
"Hey Eric. How are you today?" I heard a woman's voice.
"I'm doing well Dr Rife, how about you?"
"I can't complain. A new dancer for me? Did you just pick her up from the auction?"
"No, I got her directly from the courthouse, then came straight here."
"It smells like you've been getting busy back here with her. Have you been bumping uglies in my exam room, Eric?"
Eric laughed, "No ma'am, I wouldn't do that in your office, I know better. Mom would shoot me for that."
"Wow, I wonder if she's always this horny? Did you see this Eric?"
I felt a finger run up the inside of my thigh all the way up to my labia, in the exact same spot where I felt my fluids drip down my leg earlier.
"She's running down her leg. I guess it'll make it easier to get the speculum in there." The good Dr chuckled.
I felt another finger run up through my lips, "Damn, she's soaking isn't she doc? Are you turned on by all this Katherine?"
I was already blushing from their discussion of me like I was Eric's pet and couldn't speak for myself. When asked about my arousal, my whole body blushed. Having no ability to try to conceal my drenched pussy just made it that much worse.
"Yes Master" I mumbled.
"What was that Katherine? I didn't hear you."
"Yes Master" I repeated in an above conversational level.
"You sure aren't trying to hide it, are you?"
"No Master" I answered loud enough to hopefully avoid repeating it again.
Eric and the vet chuckled to each other.
The Dr gave me a thorough once over, checking my ears, eyes, nose, all my holes. Still in Humble position, I was still blushing from a strange combination of humiliation and arousal.
"This Department of Corrections tattoo on Katherine's back is fresh. I'll print after-care instructions to send home with you." stated Dr Rife.
"Thanks Doc."
"Roll back." the doctor instructed me. For this position I left my legs where they were, my knees still spread wide, I sat up, then laid down on my back with my calves still under my thighs. My arms along my sides with my hands palms up. Like humble, this position leaves you feeling exposed and vulnerable. Most, if not all slave positions are designed to leave one feeling at the mercy of their master, and at the same time give him easy access to all your fun bits.
"What's with the piercings Eric? I don't believe I've ever seen you put them on any of your other slaves."
"I don't know Doc, that's Mom's doing. I'm just the delivery boy." I could hear the grin in his answer.
"Ok, you're gonna have to be careful if you don't want her to get an infection. I strongly recommend no touching of the piercings except for cleaning over the next six weeks. That means no sex. I'll get you some after-care instructions for those as well."
"I won't be touching her at all, Mom said she's off limits."
"Why? She's beautiful!"
"Again, I'm just the delivery boy. That was Mom's call. But if I had to guess, it's probably because Katherine is my best friend's sister. James, her brother, has always been very protective of Katherine. He's threatened me with bodily harm on several occasions just for wanting to ask her out. So Mom probably wants to protect our friendship."
"So why did your mother even buy her?"
"I honestly think Mom didn't recognize her when she made the purchase. It was actually me who told Mom who Katherine is. You may have heard of her, she's the girl who killed that family on Highway 431 a few months back."
"This is her? Well I guess that explains the scars. I knew they were fresh."
"Yeah, I went through the whole thing with James. He was really torn up about it. He even threatened the trooper while Katherine was in emergency surgery. Said they didn't know what they were talking about, that there was no way his sister could have killed anyone."
"Sounds like Katherine's brother loves her deeply."
"He does. The whole family does. I don't know if they'll ever get over her accident."
Eric stepped to the exam table, looking down at my face for several moments. Then he ever so gently placed his hand on my cheek, caressed my face with his thumb, eased my head over so we were looking each other in the eye. Eric looked heartbroken. "The sad thing is, Katherine doesn't feel the same. Nobody knows why. Why do you hate your family so, Katherine?" At that moment, he and I were the only things that existed in the universe.
It took almost a minute before I regained enough control of my emotions to speak, "I don't know Master, I just do." One tear escaped my left eye, rolling down my cheek before I shut down the water works. Never let 'em see you cry.
You could feel the mood in the room turn somber. The doctor examined my body scars closely for several minutes. Then she gently, almost tenderly traced one of my facial scars with the tip of her finger. It started above my right eye just below my hairline, ran down between my eyes, offset closer to my right eye and ended just below the bridge of my nose.
My second scar, she also traced, started on the right side of my nose a little over halfway down the nasal bridge, ran over my nose down onto my left cheek, ending just below my cheek-bone in a kind of upside down check-mark.
I expect three major scars to show on my face for the rest of my life, the last one starts on my upper left lip maybe a quarter inch in from the corner, runs up at about 45 degrees makes a slight downward curve in the last third and ends in the middle of my left cheek. The doctor's fingertip followed this one as well.
I'm fortunate that none of my scars are big hideous things. The surgeon who put my face back together was skilled and each of my scars will be a thin, but noticeable line once the redness fades. The lines may be slightly sunken, but I don't expect that to be evident.
The good doctor finished her exam at my genitals. I was still quite aroused and then she had to remark on my rather large clit. My clit extends almost a half inch when it fills with blood. The piercing had been placed through the hood, above it.
The tip of the doctor's finger traced exquisitely along the bottom of my clit, staying clear of the piercing. Back and forth she stroked it absentmindedly, "Oh you poor thing, no sex for six weeks. I'm sure Eric here will be disappointed." Her fingers left my clit and two of them slipped into my pussy. "Oh dear you haven't been getting much lately have you, you're so tight, almost like a virgin."
"No Mistress, I haven't, except for the courthouse."
"I bet those deputies had a field day with you. Not many come through as pretty and sexy as you, even with the scars. Come here Eric, and see how tight she is. But gently, we don't want her to get to excited with that new piercing."
The doctor returned to stroking my clit like she had been before, while Eric probed my channel with his index finger.
"You're right Doc, she is nice and tight. This pussy is going to feel great wrapped around a cock." He added another finger to his slow easy penetration.
I was living out one of my fantasies, I had to lay still, not move or speak while two people explored my sex. The slow build up was working, I was definitely going to cum, and cum hard from their attentions.
"You know Eric, I think you could fuck her once, if you're careful, with Doctor supervision of course. I think she'd like it. Feel how wet she is? Hell she was dripping when I came in. She must be desperate by now."
Little did she know, the doctors teasing was just enough to keep me right on the edge, but not quite enough to tip me over. My body wanted to writhe, my hips were desperate to thrust up in an effort to get more of Eric's fingers in my pussy. I was on the verge of begging and the dirty talk wasn't helping. Right about now, I'd pay Eric to fuck me hard, here and now.
"Would you like Eric's cock in you Katherine? Nice and hard, and hot. Thrusting in and out of your pussy. I'd bet you'll do just about anything for that right now, wouldn't you?"
"Oh yes Mistress, I'd do anything for master's cock." I was dying in this exposed, vulnerable position, not allowed to move. This would have been much easier if I was restrained. At least I'd have something to struggle against. But the only restraint I had was my obedience to my Master's command.
"Please Master, I'll be the best slut ever to spread her legs for you. You know how tight I am, I can take every bit of you. If you'll allow me to move, I can do things you can't even imagine. Just please, please, please fuck me!"
"I think she wants me to fuck her Doc, what do you think?" I could hear his laugh just under the surface, waiting to escape. But I didn't care. Laugh at me all you want as long as you fuck me.
"I'm not convinced Eric, maybe she does, maybe she doesn't."
"Well it's a moot point anyway. Like I told you, Katherine is off limits. So I better stop what I'm doing before I get in trouble. Mom's a stickler for the rules, especially her rules. You better stop too, she's of limits for everybody. No sex at all for Katherine."
"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN NO SEX FOR KATHERINE???? You can't work me up like this and then leave me hanging. That's unconstitutional, cruel and unusual punishment. My clit might explode. I could have a nervous breakdown. I'm so fucking close, you've been holding me on the edge forever. You have to make me cum. You owe me you fucking assholes. Eric you better put your fucking fingers back in me. Hell put your whole hand in me. Stick your dick in me, I swear to you, Mom will never know. Fuck me with a broom stick. I don't fucking care, just fucking fuck me!!!!!"
But the only actual sound to come out of me when they both quit touching me was the most pathetic whimper I'd ever heard.
***************************
The Upstairs office was nice. I was in a Nadu kneel on wood floors that looked to be as old as the building. An attractive woman somewhere around forty years old sat behind a large antique wooden desk. Decorated much like the first floor bar, the old wood paneled walls held many sports related photos and posters. The theme seemed to be predominantly college sports with a focus on Auburn and Alabama football. Behind me, on a wall directly across the room from the desk was a very large screen TV, displaying a muted sports news broadcast.
I'd been here kneeling for about half an hour while the woman behind the desk was working on her computer. She would occasionally stop and use a large desk calculator before going back to the computer screen.
Finally she stopped, removed the glasses that had been perched on her nose, rolled back from the desk a foot or two, locked her fingers behind her head and stretched. She picked up an insulated steel cup and drew on the straw only to find the tumbler empty. I'd seen her do this at least three other times, coming up empty handed every time. She opened a line on her desk phone, leaned back in her chair, and made a call.
Another woman answered the phone, "Hi Rose, do you need more tea?"
"You know me entirely too well sweetie", she chuckled.
"I'll send Irina right up with a pitcher."
"Thanks sweetie". Then the connection was broken.
I could feel Rose's eyes on me. "Stand up and spin slowly one time for me." She said in a friendly tone.
"Yes Mistress". I stood and did as I was told, coming to a stop when I faced her again.
The door to my left opened, a very pretty naked blonde with hair halfway down her back entered the room carrying a pitcher full of ice and tea. Rose moved the cup to the edge of the desk to make it easier for Irina to reach the cup and refill it.
"Nadu Katherine" I sank to my knees assuming the proper position.
Rose acknowledged and dismissed Irina with the same nod of her head. When the office door closed, Rose began to speak, "Hello Katherine, I'm Rose, you'll answer to me going forward. Welcome to Ballers, your new home. You make the fifth slave I have here. You'll be provided a small open kennel to sleep in on the third floor with the other girls. I treat my slaves well if you'll let me. In return, I expect your immediate obedience to any instruction. I will not tolerate insolence, slackers, or arguments. I have no qualms about sending you elsewhere if you don't work out here. If you leave, it's doubtful you'll land in as nice a spot as this."
Rose stopped and took a sip of her fresh tea. "Thank you Mistress. Iamgrateful."
She stared at me, apparently marshaling her thoughts, "I don't think you're yet sufficiently healed to work the dance cages, so you'll work predominantly in the back until more of the redness fades. You'll wash dishes, stock the bar, bring ice, assist the chef, clean bathrooms, and the bar area after hours, whatever needs to be done. Do you understand?"
"Yes mistress."
"Do you know what the dance cages are?"
"I think so Mistress."
"Out in the bar area there three round, medieval looking, vertical bar cages, 78 inches high with a four foot diameter floor and ceiling. They're set on platforms eight feet high so they can't be reached by our customers. You'll be locked in each cage for a three hour shift before you're rotated out to the next cage. That equates to nine hours of dancing, after which you'll be out of the cages to help in the back for three hours, then you start over again. You can dance like a stripper, can't you?"
"Yes Mistress."
"Good. You'll have a couple of months to observe the other girls and practice before I can put you in them."
Rose picked up her cell phone and typed something in to it. Then reverted her attention back to her computer screen.
A very short time later, Eric slipped quietly into the office. "Eric, did you talk to James?"
"Yeah Mom I did."
"Well, what did he say sweetheart?"
Rose had been all business when talking to me, but I could sense the mutual affection between Eric and his mother whenever they conversed. A woman can convey a lot of emotion in her voice when she wants.
"He's actually quite pleased she's here with us. He said it's much better than having her in a brothel, fucking ten or fifteen men a day."
"Wouldn't that be awful? Especially knowing there's nothing you can do about it. I'm so happy he isn't upset with you. You guys have been so close since you were young, I'd hate to see that end over Katherine."
"Me too. He was quite happy when I told him I wasn't going to fuck his sister, as much as I'd like to." Eric laughed.
"She's still a pretty little thing, isn't she. I think she'll be quite striking when the scars are more healed. Just remember you still have five other women here you can enjoy when you're horny." Rose smiled at her son like a predator anticipating its prey.
Eric blushed, looking conspiratorially at his mother. "Believe me I never forget aboutanyof them."
"Well make sure you don't." Rose pouted cutely.
With a mischievous grin, Eric asked, "What's wrong Mom, somebody feeling left out?"
"That's what I hear on the rumor mill, although it may just be a bit of jealousy she's feeling."
"Aaawwww, you tell her I'll be more than happy to make it up to her."
"Promise?"
"Cross my heart and hope to die."
Suddenly Rose was radiant. Eric had slowly moved closer to Rose's desk and was now standing behind it, looking down at her with an expression that just screamed lust to me.
"How long before you have to leave for class, son?"
"A couple of hours, I'll be back around seven."
Rose stood, her face just a few short inches from her son's. She reached over and tentatively took Erics hand in hers. "You better give mama a kiss in case I don't see you before you go." Eric put his hand on his mother's lower back, pulled her to him and kissed her tenderly on the mouth. Rose's hand held the back of her son's head.
The kiss lasted longer than one would expect between a mother and her son. While there was no tongue involved, I felt the passion filling the room in my chest. It was almost palpable.
When they parted, Rose was flushed, Eric watched her, obviously proud of the effect he had on his mother. "When have I ever left without coming to tell you bye, hmm?"
"I know, I just thought it was a good way to steal an extra kiss from my darling son." Rose giggled, then put on her shy act, looking for all the world like a teenage girl who'd just shared her first kiss with her biggest crush.
I can't say for sure, but I felt I'd just witnessed an intimate moment between lovers. I found it shocking but not disgusting. That would have been hypocritical of me considering my most frequent imaginary lover was my own brother. I have to admit, Eric and his mother made a really cute couple, despite the age difference.

CHAPTER 9

Christmas was coming up in a few days and I was really looking forward to it. The last several months had been stressful, but everything seemed to have fallen into place better than I'd hoped. Katherine had been with Eric and his mother for a couple of weeks and seemed to be settling into her new life.
Eric said Katherine was bound determined to seduce him. I wasn't surprised, knowing my sister, she probably planned to seduce Eric and use her feminine wiles to control him. It had a good chance of success too, if Rose hadn't told Eric that Katherine was not to be touched. Eric was really close to his mother, even closer than I was to my mother. As long as I'd known Eric, he bent over backwards to please her. So if Mama said no Katherine, that's what happened.
Eric told me about the incident at the vet's office on the day he collected Katherine from the courthouse. I literally laughed until I cried. Even though Katherine didn't, I can hear her now demanding that Eric fuck her. She isn't used to being denied anything she wants.
"James" my mother, Morgan called.
"Yes Ma'am?"
"Jane and I have been going over the staff holiday lunch and we have a couple of issues I'd like your help with."
"Sure, what do you need?"
"We need to replace a few of the slave wrap dresses this year. The staff will make them but I need you to go into town and get the material and supplies we need, honey."
"Mom, I don't know what that stuff is, even with a list, I'd probably get it all wrong."
"I already ordered it, son. All you need to do is go and pick it up from the store."
"Oh, okay, that I can do."
"Also some of the folding tables need either repair or replacement. That's out of my jurisdiction. Your father always handles that, but he won't be back from D.C. in time to handle it. Would you mind?"
"Not at all. I'll call Eduardo and we'll look at the tables and decide what to do. You know you're not giving me much time to get this done, right?"
"I know sweetie, and I'm sorry, but Katherine's ordeal really messed up my schedule."
"I understand, just please don't be upset with me if things don't go as planned."
"Don't worry about that, son. Just do the best you can. Okay?"
We hold the Staff Christmas Luncheon two days after Christmas every year. One time a year we allow up to 4 family members per slave to spend the day on the estate. The staff are provided a very simple wrap dress on this day to make it easier for relatives to visit, regardless of age.
We provide food for the staff to prepare and they all have lunch at a large table in the dorm. Not all of the staff will be visited by their families for one reason or another, but they all still join in to help their friends and just be able to spend a little time like they did before enslavement.
It was always an exciting day for staff. Even Mom got involved helping prepare the meal and greeting guests. But we stayed away from the dorm while they visited so as not to make our slaves feel in any way inhibited.
"Alright Mom, I'll call Eduardo right now, then head into town."
"Thank you Sweetheart" called after my retreating back.
********************************************************************
At this point in our lives, Christmas for us is a relaxed day with a slow pace. Generally between four and eight visitors will join us for the day, predominantly relatives. Every three to four years we travel to someone's home to celebrate with them. We open gifts usually around mid-morning, then gather for a big meal. The rest of the afternoon is spent catching up on each other's lives.
Once all the visitors left this year, I sat down on the sofa to unwind. I was looking over my social media accounts at what my friends and relatives who weren't here posted about their festivities. Barbara was next to the sofa Nadu kneeling. Mother called me into the kitchen...alone. So I went, leaving Barbara where she was.
Mom and Dad were sitting at the breakfast table waiting for me, looking very pleased with themselves. I sat down and joined them, "What are you two grinning at, you're making me nervous." I joked.
"We have one last gift for you Son." Dad replied, still grinning.
"We really hope you like it Sweetheart." Mom said pushing a legal size manila envelope across the table to me.
"What's this?" I asked taking the envelope and looking for a hint as to what might be in it. 'James' written across the front of it in Dad's handwriting was the only marking on it.
"Open it and see silly!" Mom had an excited gleam in her eye.
When I opened it, I saw a single sheet of legal sized paper enclosed. It was decorated all fancy like some official State documents are. I eased it out and looked at it, somewhat perplexed. It was marked 'Alabama Department of Agriculture and Industries'. The sub-title was 'Indenture Registration and Certificate of Ownership'.
It only took me a minute or so to recognize it as Barbara's documentation. Why would they give this to me I wondered. Then I noticed the owner of record was me!
The biggest grin I've worn in a long time split my face, "Does this mean what I think it does?"
"If you think it means you are the proud new owner of your favorite slave, then it does!" Dad said.
Mom and Dad both watched my reaction joyously. This was the best Christmas ever. I don't know why I was so excited, this really didn't change anything.
Barbara would still be employed on the estate, just like she'd always been. I didn't see myself moving out when I earned my degree. My bedroom here on the estate was essentially another master suite. Unless something awful happened, I'd be working in the family business, probably until I died. Mom and Dad designed the house to accommodate Katherine and I along with our spouses and any children we produced. There was no reason for me to leave.
"Why? What made you decide to do this?"
Mom didn't hesitate, "It's obvious you already own her heart, we may as well make it legal."
*****************************************
Later that night when I headed for bed, Barbara was right behind me as usual. I hadn't yet told her that she was the best Christmas gift I'd ever received. When we entered my bedroom I began to undress immediately, Barbara was busy preparing my clothes for tomorrow like she always does. Once I got undressed, I called Barbara over to me. As soon as she was close enough I reached out and grabbed her pulling her into me, causing her to squeal in surprise.
Spinning Barbara around I pushed her back onto the bed falling down on top of her. She laughed and scrambled around on her back to get her head on the pillows. I followed and when I was over her, I took her hands in mine, locking our fingers together. I put her hands down on the bed to either side of her head. Barbara was giggling like a schoolgirl and played at trying to escape my grip. I rested my upper body weight on my hands effectively pinning her hands to the bed. Barbara quickly spread her legs wide wanting me laying between them. The look on he face was pure lust and desire.
Her neck and jaw enticed me to lavish them in kisses. Without the use of her hands, Barbara lifted her legs and stroked my sides with the inside of her thighs, teasing me by gliding her mound along my cock. The scent of her arousal was so strong I knew she must be drenched. I pulled my head back from her neck and examined her collar, "You're going to need a new collar Barbara."
"Why My Lord, this one isn't damaged."
"It has the wrong name on it."
Looking concerned she asked, "Are you changing my name, My Lord?"
"No" I answered nonchalantly.
"The only other name on it is My Lord Sam's."
"That's what we need to change."
Her look turned fearful, "Will I be sold My Lord?"
"Of course not, the other name on it should now be mine."
Barbara's eyes grew large, all fear in her expression vanished to be replaced with hopeful excitement, "Do you own me now, My Lord."
"Yes I do, so you better straighten up and fly right from now on." My grin was almost as big as hers.
Barbara let out a squeal that could probably be heard in the next county. She stomped her feet on the bed a few times before wrapping her legs around me and pulling me down on top of her. Once she had me where she wanted me, Barbara closed her eyes and tilted her head in the age old manner hoping I'd indulge her with a kiss.
Masters don't usually kiss their slaves. Even during the heat of passion, it is considered too intimate an act to be shared with someone you own. But I was excited that night and I didn't care what conventional wisdom said. We made out like a couple of high school teens in the back seat of daddy's car for the rest of the night.
The first time I came up for air, Barbara looked in my eyes as happy as I'd ever seen her, panting and asked, "Please enter me My Lord? Fill me with your cock. Flood me with your seed. Show me who now owns me. Show me that I'm now yours, and only yours."
How do you say no to that? Why would you want to? Barbara was so wet all I had to do was get my cock close to her entrance and gently push. I slid readily into her waiting heat. Barbara gasped, closed her eyes, arched her back, and clamped her legs even tighter around my torso. I stayed motionless for a few moments just enjoying our union, the incredible feel of being buried in her completely.
I released Barbara's hands. Her arms instantly wrapped around my neck and pulled me down to her where I assaulted her mouth with my own. Our tongues danced inside our mouths. I began to pump in and out of her with long, slow, gentle strokes. Barbara moaned, groaned, and whimpered.
I'd learned exactly how to drive into Barbara with my hips in such a way as to stimulate her clit while we pleasured each other. So I wasn't surprised when she started showing the unmistakable signs that her orgasm was fast approaching. I pumped into her a bit faster and a bit harder to bring her along more quickly.
Barbara broke our kiss and buried her face in my neck. She was not by any measure a weak woman and the way she squeezed me with both her arms and legs verged on painful. I didn't care, I was about to feel this beautiful, sexy woman cum on my cock and I couldn't wait.
I felt her quiver, and tremble. Barbara typically wasn't a vocal lover but she now began to mumble into my shoulder, "Fuck me, just like that, fuck me, so good, oh so good, please don't stop, please don't ever stop, I belong to you as long as I live, I'll always be yours."
Then she began to shudder violently, bucking up into my hips, squeezing and releasing my cock over and over. I wasn't expecting what she said next, to this day I don't know if she even realized she'd spoken out loud, "Oh My Love, I'm cumming so hard for you."
Barbara's orgasm seemed to last forever. When she finally finished, she just sorta melted into the bed enjoying the aftershocks. She didn't relinquish her hold around my neck, but she did loosen it up enough to let me raise my head. She unwrapped her legs from around my body, slid them down my legs and wrapped her ankles around mine.
When her breathing slowed and she finally opened her eyes, my face was only inches above hers. She stared into my eyes for a long time. I guess she liked what she saw because she sighed contentedly and ran her fingers through the hair on the back of my head. Then she pulled my head down and kissed me with the most passion I have ever experienced.
With her tongue still in my mouth, she rolled me over and started humping my cock that was still so deep in her. Eventually she disconnected from my mouth, sat up and rode my like one of those sexy mechanical bull riders. Slow, sensual, and oh so erotic. Barbara tweaked her right nipple with her left hand. Her right hand lightly rubbed her own clit. Her eyes closed again and I could tell she was reveling in the sensuality of our coupling.
My hands found her hips, not to guide, but just to feel her soft skin under my fingers. I was mesmerized by the hypnotic dance she was performing on my cock. It was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen and I felt that tightness in my cock telling me I wasn't going to last much longer.
Mere moments later, I erupted like Krakatoa into Barbara's womb. She stopped moving her hips and forced her self down taking as much of me into her as she could, just how I like to cum, as deep as possible.
I don't think we slept at all that night. When we weren't engaged in sex, we would cuddle and talk about all sorts of things. That night felt a bit like a wedding night. We weren't master and slave. We were two lovers deeply connected, enjoying each others company and bodies.
I think that night Barbara taught me what it meant to truly love a woman. I have no doubt our bond is still as strong as it ever was. Maybe stronger.
****************************
"Katherine, you're starting in cage two tonight" Eric called to me.
"Yes Master." It was nearly time to open for the day. Mistress Rose opened the bar at 11:00 a.m. on Saturdays. It would be a long day for us dancers before Mistress closed up at 2:00 a.m. There were three dance cages on raised platforms and four slaves to dance in them. Each of us got one day in five out of the cages all night. Three of us danced in three hour shifts before we rotated to the next cage. Whoever was in cage three had the next three hours out of a cage. Not that we had three hours to do nothing. Mistress would give us a 15 minute break before we had to go help out in the back, usually washing dishes.
I walked over to cage two and Nadu knelt by the door that opened into the enclosed base of the cage. I watched as Eric opened the door into the base of cage one following Kylie into the enclosure. Seconds after, I saw Kylie climb up through the floor of the cage stepping off the ladder concealed by the platform enclosure. Eric would secure the trap door from underneath ensuring it wouldn't suddenly open and drop one of us eight feet to the concrete floor below. It also ensured we couldn't open it from the inside.
Eric came out of platform one, locked it and started towards me. "Wait" he instructed.
"Yes Master". I stood up with my feet a little over shoulder width apart, my hands clasped in the small of my back, waiting patiently while Eric unlocked the door to my assigned cage.
"Enter" Eric instructed once the door was unlocked.
"Yes Master" I walked inside the enclosure to the ladder, climbing into the cage.
Eric winked up at me, "Be sexy for me tonight Katherine."
Putting on my sultriest face, I replied, "Yes Master." He always said that just before he locked the trap door in place.
After several months of this routine I was in the best shape of my life. My thighs were thick and strong. My arms, tummy and back all showed off my hard won muscles whenever they flexed. Yet I still retained enough body fat in the right places to make me one helluva sexy bitch. I acquired none of the masculine features professional female body builders often had from their use of steroids.
As difficult as the last year had been, I was rightfully proud of my body. Even the redness of my scars was gone. My facial injuries were still evident as visible lines, but I'd come to like them. They set me apart from the other dancers. I think they add character to my face, adding an exotic flair to my beauty. I don't think I exaggerate when I say I was a customer favorite. Some regulars would actually change tables when I rotated cages so they could still watch me without any obstacles between us.
There was still twenty minutes until we opened according to the clock bar, so I began my stretching exercises. This was a bad place to get a cramp. Mistress didn't want to see any of us up here nursing a muscle rather than dancing. We wore shock collars and if Mistress was displeased with our performance, she didn't hesitate to zap us as a reminder of what we should be doing. I'm happy to say that I hadn't been shocked in a long time.
I began my routine at precisely eleven. Mistress expected us to be dancing whether there were customers or not. Master Eric made sure we had plenty of videos to watch when we were off. Videos of dancing women, strippers mostly, but also some belly dancing, salsa, and anything else he thought was sexy. We were expected to watch and learn. I'd always been athletic and graceful, so I picked it up quickly. All of us dancers picked up different things here and there so each of us developed a unique style and routine.
Another thing I learned pretty quickly was that we could be as sexual as we wanted to be while in the cage. Apparently I have a bit of exhibitionist in me. I found I really enjoyed masturbating and cumming with an audience. A couple of times I came so hard that I drew a round of applause.
Try as I might, I couldn't entice Master to fuck me. I saw that as my one big failure. Master didn't hesitate to fuck the other girls. But me? No dice. Needless to say I was horny as fuck. I hadn't had a dick in me since I was convicted and sentenced. Prior that was just before graduation. So public masturbation became my kinky outlet. The crowd would probably get to see me cum twenty times before the night was over. But that, I think, is one of the reasons I was so popular with the regulars.
***************************************************
According to the bar clock, the time was close to 8:30. Rotation put me in cage one right around 8:00. I was pretty fresh having just spent three hours out of the cages. Cage one was the in most prominent position being in the middle of the club, directly in front of the door. Right now, I was the first thing you'd see when you walked into the bar. Whoever was in cage one was expected put on a really good show to entice customers into the club. Most of the patrons in the club watched whoever was in cage one. So that's where I'd work my clit the hardest and display most of my orgasmic bliss for my fans.
Kneeling on the cage floor, my legs lewdly spread showing everyone how deep my three fingers were in my pussy, sensuously demonstrating how I'd ride a cock, I could feel a big orgasm building. I was really hammering away at my cunt, I could see my lover in my minds eye driving up into me with all his strength, practically bruising my clit with every thrust. Watching the customers through lidded eyes I saw many of them were watching me with such lust it was almost palpable.
James was always my imaginary lover these days. It was impossible to get him out of my fantasies even though I didn't want him there. I could see his face, feel his lips on my breast, his tongue mauling my nipple, his hands crushing my hips, controlling my every move. His cock was a steel rod driving in and out of me like a pile driver. There was no escape from his iron hard grasp, and I didn't want there to be.
As my orgasm closed in on me, the bar seemed to quieten down as every eye turned to watch my frenzied fingers fucking my self and squishing my fluids out to drip on the floor of the cage.
Then it happened. James walked in the door. He obviously spotted me immediately. He stopped dead in his tracks and watched me with those lovely, intense green eyes. Instantly I came like I have never cum before.
My whole body shook, jerked, and twitched like I was riding the lightning. The only part of my body that I was in control of was my right hand that I continued to pound into myself. My eyes met my brother's long enough to see his lust for me. James wanted to replace my fingers with his cock. He was such a disgusting pervert, wanting to fuck his sister.
I bent over trying to curl up into a ball while still on my knees. I squirted the first and only time in my life as I tried to wrap my mind around my perverted desire to have my brother fuck me from behind. I saw him in my mind with a hand full of my hair, I felt James pull so hard that I was almost looking up. His other hand planted in the middle of my back preventing my body from lifting upwards to follow my head. As my orgasm peaked, I could feel my beautiful brother filling my womb with so much cum that it squirted back out of my channel to cover his groin and my ass with the excess seed.
When my orgasm finally ended, I pulled my hand out of myself and supported my upper body with both of my hands on the floor, panting like a dog in heat, twitching through my aftershocks. The bar was deathly quiet except for the background music. Finding James and meeting his eyes, I felt the overwhelming desire to be wrapped up in my brother's gentle arms, reveling securely through the afterglow.
Slowly James raised his hands and began to clap. That seemed to break the spell holding the other customers. The applause was deafening, some even stood. Valerie and August stopped dancing in cages two and three long enough to join in.
Coherent thought returned to my head, giving me back control of my muscles. I stood on shaky legs, standing in the puddle I left on the floor, still experiencing the occasional aftershock. Looking around the room I felt a full body blush overtake me. Blushing was something that hadn't happened to me in a very long time. I plastered my sexiest look on my face, grabbed a couple of the cage bars to steady myself and began to sway my hips to the music. I still had five more hours to get through before closing.