"What you guys are doing is gross. I don't get it and I never want to be part of it. I keep thinking we just need to end our friendship and if Bill doesn't stop bringing it up then I'll end my marriage as well."
Tara was angry that we'd brought dogging and public sex into the group friendship. We had been friends for a long time and now this. She had every right not to be a part of our lifestyle so I let her vent.
"You and Janey, what are you doing to yourselves? I don't understand what you're doing with these men! Letting them touch you and do things to you. Please tell me you're doing this to make Evan happy or some other warped reason. Tell me you really don't like doing this but got bullied into it. I'm sure there's a way out, I will help you. Please tell me you don't want to have sex with these men but they're making you."
"I can't tell you that because it wouldn't be true," I interjected, "I know it seems sudden and unexpected but this is who I am. The version you met and befriended was only part of me."
"It's perverted! I heard stories about you in college but I just thought you were a little wilder than some of us...no...I can't be friends with you anymore...I just can't."
She hung up the phone and while I was sad for the loss I couldn't go backwards to please her. If I molded in the image she wanted I'd be back to lying to myself and I refused to do that.
Needing to lose myself for awhile I got in the car and headed for the park we usually went to. Maybe there would be some daytime action, I didn't know.
I wanted to get fucked but I didn't want to be with anyone I knew. Complete anonymity. No judgement. I didn't even care what he looked like. Just fuck me and leave.
When I pulled in there was only one car and that left after a few minutes. I stayed for a half hour and was going to leave when another car pulled in behind me. Watching in my mirror a tall man wearing matching khaki shirt and pants got out and walked towards me.
"Are you okay?" he asked through the closed window. I nodded and he started to walk back to his car. I took the window down about two inches and said, "Wait!" He came back.
"Thanks for checking on me," I said, my fingertips gripping the top edge of the window.
"Sure. Just thought you might not know where you were in the park."
"Oh...I know," I said, biting my lower lip.
"You do?"
"Yes"
I rolled the window all the way down and unbuttoned the top three snaps on my blouse. He kept nervously looking up and around and back to me. I upped the ante by opening my blouse completely and giving him an unobstructed come on.
"Oh man..." He looked pained as if he might be caught and jailed at any moment for staring at my cleavage. Tearing himself away from me he checked the surroundings once again.
"Show me the rest."
Looking up at him I noticed for the first time the words 'Park Maintenance' embroidered on his breast pocket. I took off my blouse and undid the clasp on my bra, tossing it on the passenger seat. While I was doing that he had taken out his cock and manically started jerking.
"Are you worried?" I asked.
He ignored my question and reached for my breast. "Oh, fuck, your tits are beautiful."
I opened the door, swung my legs out on the ground and took his cock into my experienced lips. I sucked him and only took a break to unzip my jeans so I could manipulate myself at the same time.
"Can I cum on you," he moaned breathlessly.
"Yes but, first things first, I want you to fuck me, please?"
This was hardly a summit between great minds.
I leaned back on the driver's seat, kicked off my sandals and pushed the sides of my jeans over my hips. Then my Sir Galahad yanked them and my panties off, tossing them aside. I held my legs up with my hands, offering my pussy to him and he entered me.
I was so low with my back on the seat that from a distance it must have appeared like he was fucking a car.
I came quickly on his dick. I really needed, needed, needed the attention and loved the anxious energy he laid into every bang. I didn't ask and didn't care what his name was, I just wanted him to keep fucking me, it felt so good.
He was so charged. Probably from the excitement of other public sex acts he'd seen in the park.
"Like that don't you?" he asked in his lust filled haze. The car rocked as he held the door jam.
"Use me! Use my cunt!"
From his breathing I could feel he was close and part of me wanted his spunk in my public pussy but we already had a plan. I felt his cock swell and he got it to my mouth just in time to fill me up. I tried to swallow all of him but it was a bigger load than I could handle.
When the deed was done and he was putting his cock back in his pants he nonsensically told me what his motivation was for being in this notorious section of the park.
"I was picking up dead branches and got really horny. Didn't think anyone would be here. I usually come over at night. Would I be able to see you again?"
I gave some nebulous answer, "Ya, if I'm here," and drove away. I came for a good fuck and he interpreted it as a dating opportunity.
Men are useful and sometimes charming but have weird takeaways that only their dicks can understand.
***
When Evan got home I asked about his first day as a bigwig VP.
"Pretty exciting," he said, "but I'll tell you, the boss sure didn't waste time cashing in on my offer to set him up with you again. I'm trying to figure out the job and he's verbally jacking off over you."
"Well I am pretty amazing," I said lightheartedly
"It was Chrissy this and Chrissy that. 'I can't wait to see that wife of yours'. You've cast a spell over this guy."
"Same thing Samantha did to Mr. Tate. She fucked him before Darren got home and acted like it was magic he got a raise."
"Who's Samantha?"
"Never mind," I said, watching a good joke die. "Were you a little jealous?"
"No," he said, "but I'm trying to figure out what my job responsibilities are and he's on and on about sticking his cock in you. I'm sorry, how was your day?"
"I had a shitty conversation with Tara who has decided I'm an irredeemable pervert and doesn't want to be my friend anymore. I guess I get it, she just can't relate to this at all. But it still hurt. I felt so bad that I had to get away."
"Where'd you go?"
"To the park and fucked the park maintenance guy who spent half the time looking over his shoulder for his supervisor."
"You know, Chrissy, I never saw us as park people but finally our taxes are going somewhere useful."
"I know you're trying to make me laugh but that call from Tara really bothered me."
"I'm sorry you had to listen to that, honey, but being true to ourselves has set us free. If you try and be what other people think you should be, you just lug around constant low level disappointment."
"How well I know."
"By the way, Chrissy, I have a favor to ask. To bond with some of the execs I'm working with now I took the liberty of inviting them over to watch the game on Sunday."
"You want me to fuck all of them?" I said half serious.
"Well, for sure that would make me a very popular guy in the office but, no, they're serious football fans so just help me with snacks and drinks."
"Sure, babe."
"Thank you, now take your pants off and tell me the park story again!"
***
Saturday night was my 10 year high school reunion. I didn't think Evan would be interested in coming but when I asked him he gave me an enthusiastic, "Hell ya!," and so we got ourselves looking good. It was pretty obvious that Evan wanted to step out with the recently liberated Chrissy and see what happens.
I felt like a lab experiment but I assured him that this was a meeting of old friends and that I had no intention of fucking the entire male alumni. "We'll see," he said with that smirky tone he used when he was sure of himself, "I bet there's some old flames in the mix. C'mon, Chrissy, you were a cheerleader for god's sake."
"What does that matter?"
"As a former card carrying eighteen year old I can tell you it was a dream we held close to our testicles. The cheerleader fucking fantasy is as old as...as...as cheerleading itself! Don't ask me to explain it but it's some sort of good girl/bad girl with a uniform thing. All I know is there will be lots of guys there who fantasized about you in school. I guarantee it."
"Thanks for the insight, professor."
We arrived at the banquet hall a pinch early, the easier to establish a table and assimilate into the meet and greet. One by one my fellow cheerleaders and classmates trickled in and there was a lot of hugging and kissing and "You look fabulous!"
I could see that Evan was having the time of his life as the girls and I kicked around the endless stories of our naïveté. I even said, "You can't imagine how entertaining this is for my husband." Everyone laughed as Evan did his charming routine, sitting there smiling and not saying a thing. It was Becky who changed the tone of the conversation. "You know, Chrissy, Don is here." All the girls in unison went, "Ooooooooo," as if they'd rehearsed it.
Pesky Evan finally spoke, "Uh-oh. Don? Should I be worried, girls?"
"Don was THE dude around school," said Andrea, "and he was nuts for Chrissy. All the boys were but particularly Don."
I could have murdered Andrea. Shut up, shut up shut up! She was playing with fire and too dumb to realize it. As if on cue, Don came over to our table. The girls parted like the Red Sea.
After a cursory nod to everyone his eyes settled on me, "Hi, Chrissy...you look fantastic."
Evan stood up and extended his hand, "Hi, I'm the husband."
"Don," I said a little rattled, "this is my boyfr...my husband, Evan."
They shook hands and Evan poked the fire with a stick. "The girls were just about to tell stories about you two."
"Oh no," he said with good humor, "Well don't expect much because I couldn't get her to go out with me for a long time."
"Let me set the story straight," I said, "the only reason I held you off was you were dating Gloria."
"Gloria was just a friend..."
"Friend?" I objected, "It looked like a lot more than that when I saw you two coming out of the custodian's closet "
The girls, 'oooooooo'd over that one.
I could tell that the first cocktail was taking effect ahead of schedule and I begged my inner self to shut up.
"So did you guys ever get together?" Evan asked.
"Eventually," said Don, "but it took a lot of begging and groveling."
"Well you wouldn't have to worry about that these days," said the ever prodding Evan.
Turning to Evan, I whispered, "You ass."
He chuckled. "Hey Don, what say we go to the bar and get the girls another round?"
They talked and talked all the way there and it was killing me not to know what they were saying. Evan's penchant for teasing me could be annoying as hell so I didn't trust him alone with my old boyfriend. From a distance they seemed to be hitting it off so that made me nervous.
As the girls and I continued down memory lane I noticed several guys giving me 'that' look of longing and realized that it looked identical to the ones I got when we were in school. Evan's cheerleader theory was right, my radar just didn't pick it up back then.
Becky, doing reconnaissance, said, "Don's date looks extremely board."
Surprised, I said, "He brought a date?" She pointed to a girl a couple of tables away.
In the meantime, Don and Evan returned with the drinks. I whispered to Evan, "I should call pest control and get you taken care of. I can only imagine what you're up to."
"Be nice. I'm about to do you big favor, baby doll." To everyone else, "You'll excuse me everyone, I'm on a mission of mercy. Donnie, my friend, keep my seat warm."
Evan upped and left the table and Don, standing up all this time hovering over the girls, sat beside me. "So how's my girl been all these years?"
"Married and evolving. And you?"
I looked up to see where Evan had gone and he had planted himself next to Don's date, girlfriend or wife, it was unclear. My fucking weirdo husband was actively setting me up with my old boyfriend.
"Never married but date a lot."
Now Evan had his arm around the back of the date's chair and they were laughing and flirting. Don was completely disinterested with the date, never looking that direction once.
"Your husband told me quite a lot about you in a short amount of time."
"Should I be embarrassed?"
"No, not at all. I have always wanted a woman who was 'adventurous' and according to your husband you're that woman. I have to admit I'm envious."
"Did he give you any detail?"
"Not really but he let two things be known: he loved you like crazy..."
I blushed.
"...and you have an open marriage."
Now I really blushed.
"I'm guessing that second part got your attention."
"Of course. How many months did I spend trying to wrestle that short cheerleading skirt off of you? I figure you saved that for some lucky college boy. Hey, care to go for a walk outside? It's a nice night."
"Sure, Casanova."
He chuckled and guided me out of the room with his hand on my back. Glancing back over my shoulder the girls were giggling and my weirdo husband winked at me.
Outside, there was a small gazebo next to the banquet hall and we went around to the back of it, his arm still around my waist.
"You do totally understand I'm a married woman? Right?"
"A married woman in an open marriage, yes, I understand. And you understand that you're here because you want to be, right?"
"Yes," I said and then he softly brushed aside my hair and kissed me. I returned his kiss and guided his hand to my rear end.
"Right here?" he asked, beginning to breathe heavily.
"Yes, I want you to fuck me right here, right now."
"We might get caught."
"I don't care."
Anticipating our coupling I had been wet since we left the hall. I frantically undid his pants and took his cock in my hand and got him hard but it wasn't necessary he was so excited.
I turned towards the gazebo and hiked up my dress while he pulled down my panties. Looking back at him I said, "So you finally get to fuck your cheerleader."
He intensely penetrated me without a word as he made up for lost years. I loved that feeling of being conquered and he pounded me hard until I came the first time.
It was when Don put me on my back in the grass that I saw Becky watching over the edge of the gazebo. She had followed us and laid back far enough not to be noticed...until now.
I had forgotten that back then she had confided to me what a big crush she'd had for Don. Now she was watching, envious that he was fucking me. I don't understand sometimes my obsession with making everyone happy but instead of just enjoying Don alone I waved for her to join us.
She hesitated and didn't move but I could see the desire in her face. She wanted to be the one under Don's cock. It seemed like she had gone away but then she appeared, completely out of her dress, lying down next to me.
Startled, but then sensing his good fortune, he left my pussy for Becky's. I have to admit I enjoyed watching him plow her. I played with myself until it was my turn again.
I didn't expect Becky to take the chance of being discovered, having what amounted to public sex, but then again her thing for Don was clearly a very long running fantasy.
I surprised both of them by sucking Becky's tits while Don laid it to her. I had slut experience. The combination put her over the edge and she began to cry out but, because there were occasional classmates going to and from their cars, I covered her mouth before it could get any volume.
"Two cheerleader pussies," I said to Don, "It must be your lucky day, stud."
While Becky and Don went at it I got up, pulled down my dress and went back to the party having gotten closure on the Don episode. I'd fulfilled that gap in my fantasies. I let Don have me just the way I'd imagined it.
As I walked away I thought myself fortunate to have a husband who understood me and gave me the freedom to express my sexuality. I adored him for that. What greater gift than to be understood and loved? Even if he was an ass sometimes.
I gave him constant shit but he didn't care. He loved me and in return I did sexually what he told me. I was a satisfied submissive.
Thanks to bourbon the rest of the reunion was a blur but the following came to pass;
Post reunion coitus, Don and Becky began dating for two months and eventually got married. I was a bridesmaid. Evan fucked Don's date in an empty room in the banquet hall and we gave her a ride home. She kept calling Evan's cell weeks later until I told her to get lost. All my cheerleader peeps were amused and entertained by the whole thing and we kept in better contact. They loved the stories.
On the way home Evan reminded me that a couple of his execs were coming over for football the following day.
"I can't wait," I said in my half-drunken stupor, "I'll show them the best time!"
"I bet you will," he said laughing.