At the end of chapter two of this story our couple, Sam and Melinda Anderson, are returning from a dinner invitation at the home of Lars and Astrid, Gustafson. They had gone to the dinner uncertain as to whether the intention of the Gustafsons was simply to have dinner or to seduce them into an evening's sexual swap of spouses. As it turned out Sam had spent the evening watching an NFL game with Lars while Melinda had her first experience with girl-on-girl sex with the bi-sexual Astrid. As this chapter opens Sam is driving home while a naked Melinda occasionally strokes his cock. In this chapter, Sam is the narrator.
As I pulled into the garage and closed the big door behind us, Melinda, silent until now, spoke up. "Sam I'm sure you realize that while you and Lars were watching the football game Astrid and I were making love. Well, not quite. We were just fucking; no love involved. I hope that meets your definition of 'play it by ear,' because I think that is what we agreed to do tonight."
"I remember," I said. I also remembered that we hadn't quite reached any agreement on what was meant by, 'play it by ear.' I kept that thought to myself as I looked at Melinda in silence in the dim light remaining from the garage door opener. "Was it good?" I asked. "The sex I mean?"
The light faded as it timed out and we sat in dark silence for a long moment.
"Yes, it was good. Just fucking unbelievable. Really beyond anything I've ever experienced."
"Okay. Are you going to tell me about it?" I asked. "I want to hear all the details." It was a line each of us often used when asking the other to tell lewd sales of fictional sexual misconduct with others as a precursor to lovemaking. But tonight was different because prior to this our ten-year marriage had been totally monogamous. Now it wasn't.
"Sam," she said. "I will tell you. I'll tell you all the things she did to me . . . or maybe they were for me. Anyway, I'll share all of it with you. But not right now. Right now I want to make love with you. What Astrid and I did was just fucking, but what I want now is for you to love me. Can you do that Sam?"
"Yes."
"Thank you. I will tell you all the details in the morning. And then we can do some fucking of our own. We have a whole weekend ahead of us."
"When I'm with you it's never just fucking," I said.
Within minutes we were naked in bed spooning with Melinda's warm round ass pushed against me and my cock deeply imbedded in her cunt. We weren't fucking aggressively; just lying beneath the covers, our bodies pressed together and peacefully coupled.
"Oh god, Sam that feels so good. I can't put into words how good it feels to be lying here with your arms around me, your hands cupping my tits and your wonderful cock filling me."
"Yes," I agreed, unable to put my own emotion into words.
We lay like that for a long time until I began to slowly stroke my cock in and out of her.
"Oh yes, Sam. Keep that up. It feels so good."
I had spent whole evening nominally watching a football game while my mind drifted about in lewd speculation about what the women were doing. Half erect the entire evening; I wasn't sure how long I could delay reaching a climax. "I'm not going to last long babe," I said.
"That's okay. Just go ahead and fill me up with that hot cum of yours." Her cunt felt warm, snug, slippery, and soft all at the same time. My prick was in heaven. "I want to feel your cock squirting into my cunt. Filling it me with your love juice," she whispered.
She was quiet again as I kept slowly pumping my cock in and out of her. I could feel a climax approaching. "It's okay Sam, go ahead and cum. Don't wait for me. I'm not sure I can cum again. Too much already tonight."
I picked up the pace planning to just let myself go. But contrary to what she had said I could hear her making the little whining noises she makes shortly before she climaxes some nights. "Come on babe. You can do it. Sam it's me you're fucking. Let yourself go."
Just as I felt the cum start to rush up my shaft l heard her groan and felt her cunt squeeze my cock. It wasn't a big climax for her. Just a little one but our timing was perfect as I shot stream after stream into her.
When we were done she rolled over and put her face against my chest. She was sobbing. I could feel her tears running down my chest. "I love you Sam."
"I love you too," I said. And I meant it, even if she had been fucking another woman tonight.
When I awoke it was nearing 10:00 a.m. and the sun was streaming in the windows of our bedroom. I slid from beneath the blankets, taking care not to awake Melinda. A few minutes later I was standing in our big walk-in shower with warm water streaming over me when I heard the door to the shower open. Turning, I saw my naked wife joining me.
"Good morning."
"Is it?" she asked.
"Sure. Why not?" I responded.
"You're not upset about what happened last night?"
"No. I told you I wasn't last night. We said we would 'play it by ear,' and you did."
"Oh thank you," she said as she pressed her body against me, her face against my chest. We stood in silence for a long time, my arms holding her tight against me with the warm water pouring over us.
Finally I pushed her back, just a bit so I was holding her face in my hands and looking down at her. "Listen to me Melinda. We said we would play it by ear and you need to understand if our roles had been reversed and Astrid had set out to seduce me, I would have done the same as you. And then I would have come home and made love to just as we did last night . . . even if you had been screwing Lars all evening. But now I want you to share the details with me, just as I would you. That's part of our deal now. We each can have our fling with others but it won't be a secret. Agreed?"
"Yes."
Later I would look back at the brief foregoing conversation as a landmark change in our relationship. Monogamy was no longer a part of it.
"Now soap me up Sam I need to get clean. I will tell you all the details over breakfast in the kitchen."
We lathered each other up and as often happens when you do that in a shower we wound up having sex. Melinda was leaning against a tiled wall with her butt sticking out at me and her legs spread just right so she was at the perfect height for me. I stepped in behind her and after stroking my dick between her pussy lips I slowly slid it into her cunt. She moaned as I entered her and once I was fully seated she began wiggling twisting her hips to drag my prick around inside her cunt.
I slapped her hard on one side and then the other side of her ass. "Why you nasty little slut. So this morning you want to fuck don't you?"
"Yes," she growled. "Last night was for making love. This morning is for fucking. So put that nice stiff prick of yours to work Sam and fuck me with it. Fuck me good and hard."
I grabbed both her hips and began stroking my cock in and out of her cunt. Good strong measured strokes to begin with soon followed by faster and harder thrusts. Melinda matched each thrust with a thrust of her own hips causing me to bottom out in her each time.
"Oh fuck Sam. Fuck, fuck, fuck. That's so good so fucking good." Then she retreated to just grunting as I drove each stroke home: "ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh . . ."
"Is that what you wanted you horny slut," I demanded.
"Ugh, ugh, yes, ugh, ugh. Oh yes. So fucking good Sam. Keep it up, I'm almost there. I'm . . . Argggggggh," she screamed and stiffened in a climax just as my cock emptied my balls deep into her cunt. We sagged to the floor where we lay gasping for a long time in the stream of warm water coming from above.
"God, you're a great fuck," I said.
"Mmmm," she mumbled. "And so are you."
Later, completely cleaned up and recovered, we toweled off and moved downstairs where we sat naked across the kitchen table from each other over fresh coffee and an omelet I stirred up.
"Now I'll tell you about last night with Astrid Sam. It was truly great sex. Not love. Just great sex. I completely lost track of how many times she drove me to one ripping orgasm after another." From there she shared all the details of Astrid's seduction, her uncertainty at first about whether fucking with Astrid was within the scope of our 'play it by ear' agreement and how she simply forgot about all issues of right and wrong along with many of the details of how Astrid drove her wild again and again for most of an NFL game. There was no right and wrong for Melinda for much of the evening. There was just lust and ecstasy, repeated and continuous.
As she described the lurid details I felt myself becoming aroused. Long before she described how Astrid had finally exhausted her and then fixed her hair and make-up before leading her upstairs to me, I had become fully aroused. My hand was under the table stroking my rock-hard cock.
Melinda looked at me in silence after she finished. "So Sam, how does it feel to hear all the details? To hear how Astrid molested my tits, fondling them and pulling and pinching on my nipples and then suckling on them and then doing much the same with my pussy and my clit while she finger fucked me, driving me to climax after climax? Did it make you jealous? Did it depress you?"
"No," I said as I rose from the kitchen chair my rigid cock wagging before me. "It made me want to do what we always do when you tell me about fucking someone else. It made me want to fuck you. Fuck you good and hard. Right now."
As I spoke I walked quickly around the table so my erect, wagging, cock was right before her face. She reached out and grabbed it with both hands stroking it with a delicious twisting motion. Then she leaned forward and began to lick the head before she sucked it into her mouth. I let her suck me for several minutes before I pulled back and then picked her up and sat her on the table. I forced her legs apart and sat down on a chair between them.
"Astrid is right," I said. "You have a beautiful pussy." I reached forward with one hand and slid two fingers into her warm wet cunt. "Just a beautiful sexy pussy," I repeated. As I finger fucked her I began to eat her, carefully avoiding her clit. I licked from bottom to top using my fingers to keep her lips spread. I used my tongue on each of her fleshy and wrinkled pussy lips. I even sucked on them as she told me Astrid had done. The whole time Melinda was groaning and crying, her hands on my head holding my face against her sex. When she finally began crying out for me to finish her, I did, sucking her clit between lips and teasing and harassing her love button until she screamed in a climax that went through wave after wave. Then I rolled her over and fucked her from behind. Since I had already climaxed once in the shower I had great staying power. It was one of our longest fucks. Melinda had two more climaxes before I was ready to cum.
"I'm gonna cum babe."
"Good she growled. Pull out and cum on my tits. That is so nasty I love it."
I pulled back and flipped her over. She sat up holding her tits out to me while I jacked my cock, slick with juices from her cunt to a climax that spewed cum all over her tits with a stray shot or two onto her throat and even her face. The we went back to bed leaving the dishes on the table, the skillet on a cold stove and slowly drying cum on her tits.
We didn't revisit the kitchen and it's dirty dishes until nearly midnight when we hurried downstairs to pay the pizza dude waiting at the front door. By then we were both hungry and a bit more sexually satiated than we had been when we retreated to the bedroom after our late breakfast. We had spent the last twelve hours in bed—some sleeping and a lot more sex. After the pizza and a bottle of wine we again retreated to the bedroom (still ignoring the growing collection of dirty dishes).
We slept soundly until the next morning when Melinda awoke me telling me we needed to get dressed and go to church.
"Church," I asked. "We haven't been there in three months. I know we give them some money each year and go on the special days (Christmas Easter, etc.) but what is special about today?
"You'll see," she responded "Now get up and put on good clothes. You know how our church is. Everyone still dresses up."
I was feeling pretty mellow after the last twenty-four hours so I got up, showered, and shaved. When came downstairs dressed for church Melinda was waiting for me. She was wearing a colorful sundress with a short white jacket that covered the spaghetti straps that held it up. Strappy sandals with a medium heel that made her legs look fabulous. The hem on the dress stopped several inches above her knees. I knew that she never wore that dress with a bra and that its principal role was to be worn when she wanted to seduce me.
"What are you up to Melinda?" I asked.
She smiled. "Well we've been naughty for two days now, so I couldn't see any reason to stop. We're going to church dressed commando style. Now take your underpants off."
"Uh, okay Melinda . . . but what else do you have in mind. I don't think I'm ready for sex in the last pew of the cathedral during a service."
That got a giggle from her. "Hmm. I hadn't thought of that," she said. "That would be very nasty." She put a fingertip to her mouth and was silent for a moment. "Tempting but I'm not ready to go that far. Adultery was enough for this weekend. Maybe another time. You really do have a nasty imagination Sam."
"So we will just go to church without our undergarments and sit in the last row and you'll behave? Right Melinda?"
"I promise." She turned and walked from the room, pulling her dress up as she left to expose her naked back side.
"What has come over my wife," I thought as I shed my underpants.
When we got in the truck to drive to church, Melinda reached across and unzipped my pants. She snaked her hand in and began stroking my cock which had a good start on going fully erect from our conversation in the house.
"I just wanted to make sure you really were in commando mode," she said.
I made sure my sports coat was buttoned to give me some protection from exposing the tent in my trousers as we entered the church. Once inside I quickly steered her into an empty pew in the back of the church. I didn't trust her.
Melinda, to her credit, didn't try to assault me or seduce me during the service or even while we were in the pickup driving home. She sat in silence in the pew near me, but as the service went on every time we had to stand to pray or sing, her dress rode higher on her legs when she sat down. I could tell it wasn't an accident. She also released the buttons on her jacket and turned towards me every few minutes reaching inside the jacket to pull down on her sundress and flash me with one of her tits. Just as the preacher was reaching the end of the service she turned towards me and raised one foot up on the pew. She shoved the knee to the side and flashed her naked pussy at me. Then she reached down with a finger and dragged it between her gleaming pussy lips.
I was approaching panic, but I couldn't yell at her or throw my jacket over her. I'm sure I looked aghast. Melinda smiled at me, buttoned her jacket back up, put her foot back on the floor and tugged her skirt down at the same time. She was sitting with her knees carefully pressed together looking like and angel. I was going to have a tough time leaving the church with the raging boner that was now hiding in my trousers. The other fear was that her conduct would have caused me to leak enough precum to stain my pants.
Just to make matters worse once we got out of the church Melinda walked directly over to the preacher and insisted on a lengthy chat about the wisdom of his sermon. I was amazed that she could remember any of it given her conduct. I certainly couldn't. I stood in silence slightly behind her making sure her dress was providing me coverage of the now readily apparent stain on my trousers.
By the time we drove out of the parking lot Melinda was laughing outrageously at her own misbehavior. Her laughter was contagious. We drove directly home and went back to bed for more sex.
Late in the evening we were downstairs eating more pizza (our only food beyond wine and one small omelet for the whole weekend)—naked of course. Melinda took a long pull on her wine and looked at me with the only serious expression I had seen since we got ready to go to church. "So Sam," she said, "this has been quite a weekend. But what are we going to do now?"
I looked back and said, "I don't know about you dear, but I'm going to get on an airplane at 7:30 tomorrow morning and fly to Los Angeles, then Phoenix, then Albuquerque, then El Paso, and then Denver to try to sell some software. I will be home on Friday night."
"Oh," she said with a pout on her face. "I guess I will go by the gym and pick up my clothes from Lars."
"Your clothes?"
"Yes, the ones I left behind on Friday night."
"Oh, yes. You did lose some things on Friday night."
"Yes, all my clothes."
"And your bisexual virginity."
"Is there such a thing?" she asked.
"I don't know, but if there is, you lost it."
"Yes and I can't get it back can I?
"Do you want it?"
She put her head down and looked away from me before she said, "No, not especially."
Before I could respond she continued, "But Sam there is one more thing I forgot to tell you about Friday night."
"That you've fallen in love with Astrid?" I said with sarcasm.
She laughed. "Oh god no. Maybe her tongue, but nothing else."
"Good," I said with a smile. "So what else do I need to know?"
"Uh . . . Well . . . see our sex on Friday night was kind of one sided. Well very one sided. I mostly lay on my back while Astrid drove me to orgasm after orgasm. But I did nothing for her."
"Must have been a good night for Lars after we left."
"Yes, I suppose so, but that's not it. Astrid and I agreed we would have lunch and then spend the afternoon together again. This time she is going to teach me how to do the things she did to me."
"Hmm. Sounds fair," I said. "Is there a date set for this luncheon and fuck fest?"
"No but I would like to call her and set something up. Is it okay with you Sam?"
"Don't expect me to object," I told her. "It's just like I said on Saturday morning, monogamy is no longer a constraint in our marriage. Just remember you have to share all the details with me."
"Thank you Sam."
"The other thing about these new rules, Melinda, is that they also apply to me."
"I understand," she agreed.
"While we were in church this morning I received a text from Astrid saying she wants to meet me for lunch when I return from next week's trip," I told Melinda.
Melinda smiled and then chuckled a bit. "Think you can handle her, Sam?"
"I may have to find out. She didn't say what she wanted."
Melinda laughed and said, "I think I can pretty well guess what she wants and it's not going to be to learn about how you sell software."
I smiled and agreed, "No, I suppose not."
"Yup. Now let's clean up this kitchen and get some sleep."
I was gone all of the following week, but our evolving lifestyle continued to march forward. On Thursday evening I called Melinda. After exchanging the usual pleasantries (Hi. How's your day. Just fine. Good to hear your voice, etc.), we got to the real issue of interest:
"You weren't home when I called last night."
"No I wasn't."
"Anything interesting happening?"
"Yes. You could say that."
"Oh?"
"Well I met Astrid for lunch?"
"And?"
She was silent for a moment and then said, "She suggested we go her home for lunch."
"And did you?"
"Yes. I told you I was planning on it."
"I remember. Are there details you need to tell me about?"
"Absolutely, but not on the phone. Let me just say I spent the afternoon learning how to ravish another woman. I can give you the details in bed when you get home. If you were a girl I could show you. Have you ever heard of tribbing?"
I chuckled. "Okay. That's our deal honey. I'll be home about 6:00 on Friday."
"Oh and there is one more thing I should tell you. Astrid's lessons didn't run into the evening. By five o'clock, I had worn her out."
"I see. What happened then?"
"Well that was when Lars showed up."
"Oh, I see. And did the two of you watch a football game?"
"Well, no not really. She paused for a moment. "We had a lot of fun though. I think I should save the details of our fun for Friday night."
"I hadn't quite expected that," I said.
"Neither had I but he walked into the house and Astrid and I were lying naked in their living room and . . . well, one thing led to another."
"I understand. I did tell you to 'play it by ear'."
She laughed. "He even got cum in my ear at one point. But that's part of the details for later."
"Yes, it sounds like it," I said. I paused for a moment. "There's one thing I should tell you."
"Oh. Did you seduce a hotel maid?"
I laughed. "No time for that. I've been selling software. The week has been going well . . . for both of us."
"Oh you are so bad Sam."
"But what I wanted to tell you is that I have a lunch date with Astrid for Wednesday of next week. She texted me this morning."
"Oh do tell, do tell. I just can't imagine what she wants?"
"She didn't say."
Well Sam I think you will just have to 'play it by ear.'"
"You think that would be the best thing to do?"
"Oh for sure. Based on my experience with the Gustafsons playing it by ear always seems to pay off."
We chatted a bit more and then just before the conversation ended she said, "Oh and there is one more thing it's important you know . . . know about Wednesday night."
"And what might that be?"
"Actually it's two things."
She paused for a moment and then said, "I didn't fall in love with him; and
"You've got a bigger dick than he does." She was silent long enough to hear me laughing and then said "Goodnight," and hung up the phone.
Melinda met me at the airport again on Friday evening. It was raining. This time instead of being dressed in a skimpy skirt she was wearing an overcoat and flipflops. As soon we got in our truck she proved what I had suspected since I met her as I cleared security—she was naked beneath the coat. We kissed and groped for a long time before I convinced her she could get more if she just let me drive home. As we drove through the parking toll gate she flashed the young kid that was taking the tolls. Not just her breasts this time but everything. He obviously remembered her, saying, "Good to see you again. Have a nice evening you two." This time it was me who promised we would while Melinda blew him a kiss.
Once we were in the house we went straight to the bedroom where I stripped off my clothes. As might be expected with the greeting I'd received at the airport my cock was standing straight and tall—ready to go.
Melinda was lying on her back on the bed her legs spread in invitation.
Waiving my erect cock at her I said, "Are going to share the details with me now?"
"Not until you put that thing in me," she responded. Sam, I've missed you so and I'm super horny. Get down here and fuck me and I'll tell you whatever you want to hear about.
I dropped to my knees between her legs and slid my cock slowly into her. She was wet and warm, ready for me. I was holding myself up on my knees and forearms looking into her face as I entered her. Her eyes got big and she said, "Oh fuck yes. You are way bigger than him."
"I'll bet you tell all the sailors that lady."
"No Sam it's true. You are. You're bigger around and at least as long. He didn't fill me up nearly the way you are."
By this time I had started to thrust and she was responding by raising her hips to meet me each time. We both of us forgot completely about Lars or any of the details of her encounter with him. It was going to be a quick rough fuck with me pounding her with everything I could muster. It was we both wanted. I was grunting as I met her hip thrusts. She was crying loudly and swearing incoherently. Neither of us were holding anything back.
"Oh fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh. I'm getting close Sam. Oh fuck. don't stop, don't stop, don't stop. Oh yeah that's it. Oh shit. Shit, shit, shit. Oh fuck yes. so fucking close. Now. Harder Sam. Harder. Now. Just fucking pound me Sam.
And then we both came, Melinda with a scream that I'm sure was heard by our neighbors and me bellowing like a bull. We both collapsed, turning to the side, our legs and arms entangled, my slowly deflating cock still inside her. As before Melinda's emotions had gotten to her and I could feel her tears on my chest."
When I eventually recovered enough to talk I said, "I take it you're glad to see me?"
"Oh my god yes, Sam. Astrid and Lars were fun, but they're not you Sam."
I laughed and rolled to my back, my now soft cock lying on one leg with a mixture of our juices running off the side onto the bed clothes. Well I gather you have had some opportunities to compare of late. Want to tell me about it?"
"You want to hear?"
"Yes, I told you I would."
"Alright let's go down to the kitchen where I've got a bottle of wine waiting and I'll give you all the dirty details. And they were dirty Sam. Very nasty.
So for the second Friday night in a row I found myself sitting naked in our kitchen across the table from my naked wife listening to her describe how she had been fucked, first by Astrid and then by Lars, and by combinations of the two of them.
The afternoon with Astrid had begun with a light lunch in her kitchen that included a nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc. Astrid let her long hair down and peeled off the jacket to her lady's suit. As they ate Astrid asked Melinda about what had worked during their sex the previous Friday night. They talked about why it had worked and about things Melinda enjoyed. They also talked about the sexual satisfaction Astrid took out of seducing and ravishing her, Astrid making the point that their encounter was two-way street even though all the orgasms were experienced by Melinda.
After lunch they had moved to the living room. Melinda asked why not the bedroom to which Astrid responded, "Better to start here. Successful seductions often start well before they move to the bedroom. Sometimes much of the initial part of a seduction is done purely with lustful looks exchanged across a crowded room."
They sat close together on a couch and Astrid explained the importance of beginning the physical part of a seduction with tender kisses and slowly escalating it with caresses, first just the arms, neck, head, and other 'safe' places and then to escalating the effort to include the breasts. The next stage focused on slowly undressing the woman with emphasis on gaining access to the breasts. After removing all the clothing impeding access to the breasts the strategy was to caress and fondle them and then move to the areola and nipples with further seductive fingering. During all of this it was important to maintain the most erotic kissing possible along with nibbling and kissing of sensitive flesh below the ears and in the lower throat with the goal of eventually replacing the fingers with the lips on the breasts.
This of course released the fingers to begin their attack on the woman's sex, working your way slowly up the legs under a skirt or dress. Again it was important to work the woman out of her clothing so that direct contact could be made with the pussy. By this time she should be lying on her back on the couch, her legs spread and her mind focused totally on how good the sensations reaching her brain felt and how bad she wanted to cum.
The next stage consisted of fingering the pussy lips and tissue between them, the cunt, and a quick flick or two on the clit, mainly to identify sensitivity level. No point in pushing a woman into her first orgasm too quickly.
Fingers were of course followed up with the tongue used strategically in all three sensitive areas, cunt (subject to tongue length), pussy, and the ultimate goal of the clit. Here the key was to push her towards climax but to exercise restraint to give her orgasm time to build in power.
Finally when you are convinced she simply can't take any more you push her over the edge, usually with lips and tongue on the clit, while aggressively finger fucking or pressing firmly on the G-spot.
"Why didn't someone teach me all this when I was 18?" I asked Melinda.
She laughed. "Yes, well our session did go a bit beyond the typical high school sex education class."
"But it all sounds a bit clinical as you describe it," I said.
Melinda smiled and said, "Granted it may sound that way, but believe me there was nothing clinical for me or for Astrid about the experience. Each bit of instruction was followed by me trying to carry it out on Astrid. If she wasn't satisfied she demonstrated by doing it to me and then having me repeat it on her. We were at it for several hours and we both climaxed numerous times during the course of the afternoon. It was, as I believe you described it, 'a fuck fest'."
"Hmm. Sounds like fun. And Lars?"
Melinda laughed. "He wasn't part of the plan. He walked in on us about five in the afternoon. We were naked on the couch and practicing tribbing, our legs scissoring and our pussies in direct contact as we rubbed them back and forth."
I laughed. "I looked that up after you mentioned it on the phone. Was it fun?"
"Yes. but we were interrupted when Lars walked in."
"Astrid never missed a beat. She looked up at Lars and said, 'Thank god your home. This horny wench has just about worn me out. Can you take over for me?'"
" 'Glad to be of help," he said. You two stay right in the position you're in.' He walked around the couch and stood directly in front of my face and opened his pants."
"He just assumed you were okay with that? With his pulling it out in front of your face?"
"Seemed so. His wife asked him for help and he was happy to volunteer. No one paused to ask me what I thought about it. In any case, I was so horny I really had no objection. I pulled him toward me and slurped his cock into my mouth. Melinda and I were still softly rubbing our genitals together, but my real focus was on the cock in my mouth. Much as I had been enjoying the things Astrid had been doing to me all afternoon, I really wanted a good hard cock in my cunt, so I was trying my best to get Lars ready to perform."
I smiled and said, "Yes you do like cock don't you babe."
"Yup. One thing I've learned is that I enjoy sex with a woman, but I need a good hard cock too. I'm very 'bi'."
"Is this when you decided his cock wasn't as big as mine?"
"No that came a few minutes later when he actually put it in me. Understand me Sam. It's not that Lars has a tiny cock or anything. It's really a pretty good cock, but it's just not your cock Sam. It's probably as long as yours but not as big around. You fill me up in ways he can't."
I smirked. "Okay so now tell me the details about Lars. How many times did he fuck you Wednesday night?"
Now she smirked. "Well that's a little hard to say. His first climax was quite quick. When Astrid could see he was close to cumming, she told him to pull out and squirt on my tits. I think Astrid likes to be in control. She wanted to watch I guess?"
"We all have our little kinks," I said.
"Lars did his best to hit my tits but his first load was so big that he covered my tits, a good deal of my belly, and my upper chest and face. That was when he got cum in my ear." She giggled.
"I took a moment to wipe my face and chest off with the T-shirt he had thrown off while I was blowing him, and then he went right back to fucking me. The man recovers quickly and has enormous staying power. I think he drove me to at least three different orgasms before I left at 11 or so that night."
"That was in addition to few more he caused with his tongue. The man may not have a porn star grade dick, but he has an absolutely fucking evil tongue. He used it to fuck me. My god, I knew guys in college who couldn't get their dick as far into me as Lars could with his tongue. And the things he could do to my nipples and my clit where wilder than anything I ever imagined. He was way better than Astrid. Plus he had the art of holding me on the edge of a climax with his tongue down to a science."
"That was quite an evening," I said. What did you do when you got home?"
"Filled the tub with warm water and soaked my poor battered body in it while I drank half a bottle of red wine and wondered what I had gotten myself into. I tried to add up the number of times I had climaxed since noon and ultimately decided I hadn't a clue, beyond 'a lot'."
She sat looking at me as I drummed my fingers on the table. Finally she said, "You asked for the details. Are you upset?"
I shook my head.
"Well Sam, what shall we do now?"
"Hmm. I'm definitely going to keep my lunch date with Astrid; and now I'm going to take you back upstairs for a long, slow fuck. We were a bit hurried earlier tonight."
"Oh Yum," she responded.
The following Wednesday I left for the office at my usual time. I had told my boss that I would be out for the afternoon, but of course omitting the details of what I expected to be doing with my Wednesday afternoon.
As I was about to walk out the door, Melinda asked, "Lunch with Astrid still on for today?"
"Yes."
"Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
I laughed thinking that given her conduct of late she was giving me a very wide limit. "Not to worry dear. I promise to share all the details with you."
"You better. That's our deal," she reminded me.
"Oh and I may be late for dinner."
"I've noticed that can happen with Astrid," she said with a chuckle. "Have fun dear."
With that I was out the door. I sat at my desk all morning and tried to push the paperwork I had prepared from the prior week's sales trip to completion. But my concentration was at best weak, focused as I was on how the afternoon with Astrid would go and, at a more sordid level what would I like to do with her big tits and her round plump Swedish ass. I knew I would have to review those sales call reports for accuracy again the next morning.
Astrid had asked me to meet her in the restaurant of one of the major downtown hotels. When I arrived she was sitting in a back corner booth looking as though she had just come from one of her lectures, her long blonde hair piled on her head, dressed in her usual conservative business clothes. She rose to greet me and it seemed her heels where just a bit higher than I had seen before, making her calves seem even sexier; but perhaps it was just my imagination.
She greeted me with a buss on the cheek, her hands lightly touching my shoulders and her breasts briefly scraping against my chest. "Sam, I'm so glad you could make it. We have so much to talk about. Please sit next to me here." The white cloth covered table was set against a curved bench in the corner of the dinning room and there were no chairs on the outside of the table so there wasn't any real alternative to sitting next to her, not that I necessarily wanted one. There was a half-finished martini sitting on the table.
I stood aside and let her slide in to the booth first. As she did so her skirt slid up and she parted her legs so that I could see a lot of bare thigh. Now I had of course seen her fully nude the night she seduced my wife, but there is something far sexier about a conservatively dressed woman in a major downtown hotel deliberately showing you a lot more bare thigh than is necessary or appropriate. She took her time sliding into the booth and I made no attempt to avoid staring at her exposed thigh. Once I was seated next to her, a discrete distance away, I noticed that she had managed to pull her skirt up considerably above where it normally ended. Yes she does have lovely thighs, I thought.
As soon as we were seated a waiter appeared, seemingly from nowhere as good waiters do in fine restaurants, and Astrid said, "Andrew can you get Sam a drink. And bring another for me while you are at it."
"Of course, Ms. Gustafson." Turning to me he said, "What will it be for you sir."
"Gin and tonic," I responded. Astrid must be a regular here to be on a first name basis with the waiter. Interesting, I thought.
Before the waiter left, Astrid asked for menus. "And make Sam's drink a double," she said. "He needs to catch up with me."
The drinks arrived promptly and we were both engaged in surveying the menus for a moment. Once we had ordered a light lunch and the waiter departed our conversation could begin.
I took a long pull on my drink, thinking that this was just what I needed. Lunch with my wife's lover definitely called for a drink. "Were you lecturing today?" I asked.
"No, no. Just a counseling session with a young couple. They are making great progress."
"That must be gratifying," I said.
"It is," she responded. "When they first came to me they had never seen each other naked. Actual intercourse was at best a monthly event, and not particularly successful at that. Now I have them screwing all over their house. I'm trying to get them to extend their sex life to their back yard. They tell me they have an appropriately private space. I may turn them into exhibitionists yet."
We talked a bit longer about the challenges faced by some of her private patients before Astrid changed the subject asking, "And Melinda? How is she doing?"
Our lunches arrived before I could answer. Once the plates were before us and the waiter gone I responded with a chuckle, "Well you and Lars have certainly broadened her horizons." As I spoke I noticed that she had moved herself closer to me. I could feel the warmth of her thigh against mine. It also looked as though the skirt had moved a bit higher.
"We did have a good time last week."
"So I heard. I gather that Lars' arrival was a bit of a surprise."
"It was but I think it worked out very well. Melinda was very open to his participation." As she spoke I felt her hand lightly stroke my thigh.
We were eating our salads so the conversation moved slowly. Given Astrid's warm hand on my thigh I didn't mind.
"But then Melinda was okay with everything that happened? I mean she enjoyed herself?" Astrid asked.
"Absolutely. She said it was the best sex she had ever had."
Astrid smiled and slid her hand further up my thigh. After another bite of her salad she asked, "And you Sam. How are you doing?"
"Fine, I said. I sold a lot of software last week."
"That's not what I meant Sam, and you know it." She squeezed my thigh as she spoke. "I meant are you upset about what Melinda has been doing with Lars and me? Jealous?" As she finished I could feel her hand slide the last bit up my pants leg and lightly graze my rapidly growing cock."
I took another bite of my salad and followed it with a longer pull on my rapidly disappearing gin and tonic. I noticed Astrid was well into her second martini. She continued to lightly stroke my cock while I thought about how best to answer.
"No. I'm doing fine. I'm not having any of those kinds of problems." I lay my fork across my now finished lunch plate and put my hand beneath the tablecloth, lying it on Astrid's bare leg and stroking the inside of her thigh with my fingertips.
"And Melinda? Does she know you are with me today?" She leaned toward me to spear a bit of avocado left on my plate, pressing her warm soft breast against my arm.
"Yes. We share our social calendar. The last thing she said to me as I left this morning was, 'Enjoy your lunch and don't do anything I wouldn't do'."
Astrid laughed. "What do you think she wouldn't do?"
"You mean with you?"
"Yes . . . or with Lars."
"Only one thing," I said. "Fall in love." By this time I had pushed my hand well under her skirt and felt her adjust her seating just a bit to spread her legs and ease my access.
"So she hasn't fallen in love with me or Lars?" Her stroking of my cock through my pants felt delicious.
"Definitely not," I said. "She just thinks each of you are . . . I leaned toward and whispered quietly in her ear . . . "a great fuck." As I spoke my fingers reached my goal where I discovered Astrid wore no panties.
"Good. We never intended anything else. By the way, we think she is also a great fuck, but we're not in love with her."
"Good, because I am." She slid forward a little opening her legs further as she did so and allowing me to slide a finger into her cunt. "And I also think she is a great fuck," I continued.
"So Sam," she said. "It seems to me that you and your horny little wife are well suited to each other."
"I agree, but I would like to hear your assessment. After all you are a sex therapist. Your job is to help people like Melinda and me."
Okay, but bear in mind that what I have to say about you is based largely on what Melinda has told me, rather than the kind of direct experience I have with her.
"Sure, sure, but let me hear your assessment.
"Okay. First you are obviously deeply in love; Secondly you are both horny as hell; Thirdly neither of you have any qualms about finding others sexually attractive and sharing that assessment with each other; Fourthly you are both a great fuck; and Finally it appears that neither of you have any discomfort with sharing your spouse with others. Oh and Melinda is a bit of an exhibitionist."
"And what kind of therapy do you recommend for us Doc?"
"Hmmm." She put a fingertip between her lips as she thought about a response. Her other hand squeezed my cock again.
"That that the two of you continue to explore your alternatives."
"Our sexual alternatives?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied. "After all it's a big world out there, sexually."
"My that's very interesting," I said as I slid a second finger into her. "But perhaps you would like to like to confirm your assessment of me with a bit of direct research."
"I think that is an excellent idea Sam. And it just so happens that I have a room reserved in this hotel. Shall we adjourn and go to the front desk so I can check in."
"Can I get the check?" I offered.
"Don't worry about that. I have an account here. I hire meeting rooms from them regularly. For us, lunch is on the house."
As she spoke she stroked my cock even more firmly than she had been and added, "And don't worry about people noticing the boner in your pants. They will just be jealous of me and I will gloat about it to myself."
As we left the room she tucked her arm in mine and walked so closely that her boob was smashed against my arm and our hips were rubbing each other. It was exhibitionist and delicious. People were watching.
And I was enjoying it—walking arm in arm with a beautiful Swedish blonde who was bumping my hip with hers and rubbing her breast against my arm as we strolled out of the restaurant. Of course I had an obvious lump in my trousers. Why wouldn't I?
The check in was perfunctory. As in the hotel, Astrid was known by name to the desk clerk. I tried to stand discretely behind and to the side of Astrid, but I was too close and when she leaned forward to sign the register she pushed her ass out and rubbed my cock with it. Not so much that anyone should have noticed, unless they were looking for it or unless it was me whose already overheated prick was the subject of Astrid's gentle rub.
We walked back across the lobby arm and arm and stood waiting for an elevator. By the time it arrived there was a crowd ready to join us. We stepped briskly forward and arranged ourselves in a back corner with me firmly against the corner and Astrid standing directly in front of me. As the elevator filled up she backed up until she was standing with her ass pressing firmly against my rigid prick. Like everyone else we were facing forward watching the elevator tick off the floors as it rose.
As soon as we were moving upward and I had looked around enough to ascertain that no one was paying attention to us, I placed a hand on each of Astrid's butt cheeks and begin to massage them—just slow upward and downward strokes with each upward stroke pulling her skirt a bit higher until I could touch the curve of her butt with my fingertips. She responded by slowly moving her ass from side to side to drag it across my prick.
People exited the elevator in ones and twos as we climbed through the floors. As the elevator emptied the remaining people moved about trying to establish normal interpersonal distance. Not Astrid. She stayed put right where she was, with her ass firmly planted against my swollen cock and me with a hand on each of her butt cheeks. By the time we got down to only one other couple they were standing side by side against the wall opposite from us. The woman was pointedly staring at us, but as Astrid continued to massage my swollen prick with her ass as though the couple wasn't there. When they got off the elevator she looked back and gave us a deeply disapproving look.
We still had several floors to go. Astrid reached down and grasped the hem of her skirt. After a bit of struggle she had pulled it up so it was a wide belt around her waist, exposing her naked ass to more effective fondling by me. It was a shame we only had a few floors to go.
I expected Astrid to push her dress down when we reached the thirty-fifth floor against the risk that someone would be waiting to take the elevator down. Instead, she simply waited until the doors opened and then walked out naked from the waist down swinging her broad hips. When she reached the wall opposite the elevator doors she turned and leaned against it jutting her naked hips out at me, spreading her legs enough to fully expose her cleanly shaved pussy. I stood letting the elevator doors bang repeatedly against me as I watched her slowly open her jacket and then the buttons of the conservative white blouse below it, revealing that in addition to dispensing with panties she had not bothered to constrain her big breasts with a bra.
"You must have been very confident of seducing me," I said.
"Melinda told me you were a sure thing."
I smiled and said, "I always wanted to have a reputation of being easy."
Let's go to the room and see if you can live up to it," she said. She turned and walked down the hall, her naked hips still fully exposed and her tits swinging under and between the two sides of her blouse and the covering jacket. As she walked she reached up and released her long blonde hair and let it fall to her shoulders, shaking it from side to side to release any constraints left from the knot she had tied it in for her earlier client meeting. I could feel my prick demanding to be released from its confinement.
I was prepared to grab her as soon as we got through the hotel room door but she slipped away from me and walked quickly across the room until she reached the back of a couch where she resumed her lewd posture that followed our elevator ride. She had shed her suit jacket and pushed the front of her blouse to the side so her tits were fully exposed. She stood there staring at me as she massaged her breasts. It was becoming apparent that she was even more of an exhibitionist than my wife.
"I think you are overdressed," she said. I stood watching her as I slowly stripped down until there was nothing left but my jockey shorts that were straining to hold my engorged cock.
"Hmm, nice pecs," she said. "But I think there is something more you're not showing me."
I hooked my thumbs on my jockey shorts and stretched them over my erection, letting them fall to my feet. I kicked them aside and flexed my cock so it bobbed before her.
"Is this what you were looking for?"
"Yes," she hissed. "Melinda was right. You're very impressive."
I smiled. I was thinking, I've had women tell me I had a big cock before, but to tell the truth I always thought of it as more or less average or normal. It certainly isn't a porn star cock. But I never try to persuade them they are wrong.
The hotel room was a suite. We were in the sitting room. I looked around and asked, "Where is the bed?" I lightly stroked my cock and said, "You really should try it to decide if you like it."
"Oh I will. But there is no reason to hurry into that claustrophobic little bedroom when we have all this." She gestured at the curtains covering a whole wall of the room.
"Why don't you open them and let the light in."
"You're not worried about people seeing us?"
" It would be fun if they could but we will just have to imagine it since we are on the 35thfloor. Won't we?"
I walked across the room, my dick sticking straight out and wagging. Opening the curtains gave us a stunning view of the city below us, and Astrid was right, unless someone was flying a drone with a video camera, we actually had privacy. I turned and looked to her. She was now seated on the couch, slouching forward, her stunning long legs spread lewdly as she slowly masturbated.
"Do you eat pussy Sam?"
"As a matter of fact I do," I responded as I dropped to my knees between her legs to begin a several hour-long session of erotic loving with Astrid. Well, okay no love. Just lust and most of it self-directed by Astrid. I licked, fondled, kissed, nibbled, stroked, fucked, and sucked and she did the same in response to me. We both came to several orgasms some of which blurred into a seemly continuous climax for Astrid. It was nearing 11:00 that night when I finally staggered out of the hotel and headed home exhausted, leaving Astrid asleep on the soft rug of the hotel room. We never made it to the bedroom. Given Astrid's creativity it wasn't necessary.
Providing my wife with the details of my afternoon and evening was going to be truly difficult, but that was our deal. Fortunately when I arrived home, she was already in bed asleep. I quietly slid out of my clothes and crawled into bed spooning my naked body up against her and then drifted off to sleep as I absorbed the warmth of her naked body pressed against mine. I would deal with tomorrow when tomorrow came.
To be continued