An Afternoon With Bee
Bee closed the cupboard. She had just unpacked and was waiting for Rob to come up to the room after organising their couples massage at the Spa downstairs. She walked toward the balcony, paused with a naughty smile, turned back and slipped off her panties. "That'll do!", she thought, "Skirt just long enough to avoid arrest, but certainly short enough for a subtle flash should the opportunity present itself." Talk about being a born exhibitionist!
Suitably attired, Bee strolled out onto their 1st floor balcony, and stood against the rail looking down at the guests around the pool directly below. "I wonder if anyone can see up my skirt?" she thought idly. No such luck! The balcony wall was doing a fine job as a modesty panel.
"Oh well, there will be another opportunity" she mused. "When, where, who?" her imagination demanded. Bee - being polite - gave the question some serious thought, and, as her mind wandered, she found herself pressing up against the rustic wooden slats. She gave a little bump (much to the delight of her pussy) and actually found herself having to resist the temptation to slip a hand up under her skirt. "Easy now lil kitty" Bee scolded; "You're getting yourself all wet and needy" and, with a little shrug casually loosened her skirt, and watched it drop around her ankles.
Gripping the railing with both hands Bee craned forward to see if anyone could actually see her. With her attention on the scene below, she didn't hear Rob open the room door. She jumped, startled, as she felt his warm hands push up her blouse and wrap around her bare waist. "Hi" she smiled over her shoulder; "What are we..." inquiry halted as Rob's one hand dropped to cup her neatly trimmed mound "Well that answers that!" she thought, dropping her head to one side for him to nuzzle her neck and earlobe. Rob's hand was now alternately rubbing and then gently squeezing her fleshy vulva. Up and down.....pushing her lips together.... up and down again....Softly squeezing.....
"Oh wow, I think I'm getting a pussy massage." It wasn't long before an experimental finger slipped easily between her outer lips, lured almost of it's own accord by the warm and welcoming moisture she was starting to ooze. Rob's finger played there, not entering her, not even quite touching her clit but teasing. "Hmm yes please - I wanna feel dirty" she thought to herself as she felt Rob's hand returning to her waist and at the same time, becoming aware of his erect cock urgently pressing against her. Shifting her stance, Bee reached between her legs, and, gripping his thick shaft, gently guided his prick to where that busy finger hand been. "Prick?!" pussy questioned knowingly as it felt the round swollen helmet nestling there; "Nothing sharp about that, this could well end up as blunt force trauma".
Rob moved his hips rhythmically, coating his helmet and shaft in her velvety juices. His finger was back, now ever so softly and slowly beginning to tease her rapidly swelling clit. Bee couldn't help the involuntary little "Hmmmm!" that escaped her lips. Seemingly spurred on by her reaction Rob slowly pushed upward and deeper into her until he was buried to the balls in her hot little twat.
"No argument from me" Bee mused with an little shiver. (In anticip........ation no doubt.) Pushing back against him and clenching her pussy around his shaft, Bee turned her head to look over her shoulder. To her surprise, horror (and joy), Bee noticed the man on his balcony two rooms down watching them intently. She gave him a cheeky smile, and, with a casual wave of her hand to their spectator, she proceeded to ruin his entire day by gasping quietly; "Better best Babe, you take me inside" Quite chuffed with her little double entendre, Bee took Rob by the hand and led him into the room. Stopping inside the doorway, Rob stopped and faced her. He reached to lift her blouse over her head, his still erect cock pressed against her belly. Smoothly taking her by the shoulders, he turned her around, unclipped her bra, and guided her to the huge bed. "On your back Hon" "Missionary?!!" I certainly didn't see that coming," she thought. Rob however sat on the side of the bed next to hear and reached for the massage oil he'd put on the side table.
Starting with her left hand Rob started sensuously stroking up and around Bee's arm kneading lightly with his thumbs.
Once he reached her shoulder she closed her eyes enjoying the sensation. Across her chest, around her white breasts, just brushing the hard wrinkled raisins that were her now hard nipples. "I told you that you had awesome tits. I just love your love your caramel coloured nipples" Rob murmured, bending down and giving the nearest one a quick lick. (Well, just in case they tasted like caramel to which he was quite partial.) His hands, strong but gentle continued their magic journey, thumbs keeping time and easing out any tension. Down to her stomach, lower still to the top of her spiky little trimmed bush, and across to her hip. Bee giggled squirming " I'm so ticklish there Rob!". Rob shifted down the bed a little and started on her leg. Long easy strokes, both hands around her thigh, the inside hands 'accidentally brushing her pussy lips at the top of each stroke. Calves next, thumbs pushing at the muscle. He worked her left foot, squeezing the instep, arch and toes. Bee wondered that she didn't moan with pleasure. Rob stood up from the side of the bed and scrambled over her.
On her other side now, he started with her right foot and reversed the sensual journey. When he reached her thighs, it was obvious this time, that he was not 'accidently' bumping her vulva at the top of each stroke and Bee couldn't help but let out a contended moan.
"Oh yeah! he's going to explore every last square inch of my body and I think he's 'taking stock', finding out where all my hot buttons are. You go boy!" Bee thought happily.
This time around, her tits, and her sensitive nipples, got the full attention attention that they so richly deserved. Rob was making sure that she knew just how much he was lusting over her body. "Well that is pretty fucking obvious by that swollen pole swaying in front of him." She told herself, watching him as he knelt beside her. Once he finished at her right hand, he gave her pussy mound a playful little pat before he rolled her over toward him and into the middle of the bed. Bee had to rummage around a bit with the pillows top get comfortable on her tummy but soon settled as Rob straddled her on his knees, one hand on each shoulder.
"Ready, hot and willing Baby, don't stop now" she wanted to say but settled for another contented quiet moan.
Stroking, probing and kneading, he sought out every tension knot from her shoulders to the bottom of her back. Shuffling backwards, Rob started on her bum, skipped her thighs, and moved to her calves, her feet and toes. Making sure that no part felt neglected, he moved back up, straddling her calves and started with her thigh. Same procedure, two hands wrapped around her leg. His inner hand not even trying to pretend as it suggestively caressed the entrance to hot wet love-tunnel. Until, gently spreading her legs a little, Rob cupped her hot box with his hand and slipped two fingers into the silky warm pink cave between her spread legs.
Bee lifted her ass, to give Rob welcoming access to her throbbing clit. He got the message and started pleasuring that straining little button. Some where deep inside Bee felt the first stirrings of the storm that was coming as he continued his salacious magic in the oozing juices of her pleasure pot.
All too soon she felt the onrush of the wave building up, taking her right to the edge of the precipice. Sensing her contraction, he stopped, urged her onto her back, spread her legs even wider, and, buried his face in her cunt.
Bee could no longer keep still. Riding the crest of the huge crashing wave engulfing her as the pressure built to unbearable limits, she thrashed wildly giving herself unashamedly to the ecstatic explosions that wracked her being to her very core.
They lay quietly, at peace, for a long while. Spent by her amazing orgasm, Bee was, to put it politely, a little pissed off at the knock on their bedroom door. Rob got up, pulled on his pants and went to answer. Bee couldn't hear the muted conversation and was more than a little surprised when Rob grabbed a shirt, went back to the door and called over his shoulder with a mischievous grin. "Back in about an hour Babe." She looked up and saw the very cute girl from the spa wearing her corporate blue 'beautician' smock.
"OH NO! Any massage after the one I just had will just be an anti-climax!" About to say; "Perhaps tomorrow morning would be better dear." Bee's hazel eyes nearly popped out of her head as the sexy little masseuse whipped off her smock revealing a totally naked trim body.
"Do you know what tribbing is?" the girl asked with an engaging smile.