Jon Major has always enjoyed the company of women. In the seriesCaught!we saw Jon as a college student whose heart was broken repeatedly by girlfriends who were unfaithful. The Major Diaries tells the story of Jon when he's older and wiser - and determined to be with as many beautiful women as possible without risking betrayal. How well does he succeed? Chapter 5 reveals the unexpected ways Jon and Stephanie's relationship evolves. All characters are adults over the age of 18.
...........................................
Jon sat in the bleachers and watched Stephanie play soccer. It was the first game of the season, and the weather was just as beautiful as you'd expect for a school in Southern California. Jon hadn't seen a high school soccer team since his older brother played. Jon had considered playing soccer, but his school had a boxing team, which Jon thought he'd enjoy more.
It quickly became obvious that Stephanie was the best player on the field. Her school's coach had the team run plays designed to get the ball to Stephanie, who routinely made the goals. The other team was frustrated by Stephanie, who managed to run through the middle of a pack of defenders as though they were inconsequential as smoke. Jon thought it was an amazing thing to see. He already knew Stephanie was counting on getting a soccer scholarship so she could afford to go to college; he hadn't realized she was such a formidable player.
"I don't know why we keep coming down to watch these games. Our daughter never gets to make any plays. All the glory goes to that Stephanie girl," complained a married couple sitting to Jon's left. It made sense that parents and teammates felt jealous. Stephanie was so much better than her peers that she made everyone else look weak.
The game was about two thirds over when the coach removed Stephanie from the field. She'd made so many goals that the lopsided score made it impossible for her school to lose. The only way the other girls could make a meaningful contribution to the game was to send Stephanie to the bench, which was something that always happened. Stephanie didn't mind; she knew it was important to let the other girls earn some points.
As soon as the game was over, Jon went quickly to his car, making sure he got there before anyone in the stands might strike up a conversation and ask which athlete he cared about. He'd thought he'd claim to be Stephanie's cousin, but telling a lie wasn't something he wanted to do. It was dangerous. Someone might figure it out. Much better to avoid awkward questions.
When he got to his car, Jon sent Stephanie a text that showed his exact location. A few minutes later he saw her walking in his direction, a gym bag containing her clothes slung over her shoulder.
"Well, here's the star of the game," Jon said when Stephanie opened the door.
"Here I am," she said, sliding into the seat beside him. She planted a kiss on his cheek and gave him a smile.
"I assume the school that you played today isn't very good," Jon said. "When are you going to play a stronger competitor?"
"That school is the best one we play. None of the others are better than that," she said.
"Wow. So that means you expect to win every game?"
"Unless I get injured, yes," she said.
"Wow," he said. "I had no idea you are such a dominant player."
"I don't like to brag," she said.
"You can brag all you want when you're with me," Jon said. "Steph, I am very impressed. Now I understand why you expect to get a soccer scholarship. How many other girls are as good as you?"
"According to the statistics, I am the best female high school soccer player in California," she said.
"What! Well, I guess that explains what I saw today! What college is recruiting you?"
"UCLA."
"Oh my freaking God! My girlfriend is a star!"
Stephanie smiled. "It's nice hearing you call me your girlfriend."
"I've already said I love you, and care for you, and want what's best for you. Saying you're my girlfriend seems redundant, don't you think?"
"Don't care. I still like the way it sounds."
They waited until they were inside Jon's apartment before they embraced. By now they were very aware of the fact that Stephanie needed to conceal her relationship with Jon, so they were careful to avoid public displays of affection. Jon looked forward to a day when he could embrace Stephanie whenever he wanted, but he wasn't sure when that would be.
"I'll go take a shower before we . . . you know," Stephanie said.
"Wait a minute," Jon said, holding Stephanie in his arms. She smelled nice. Like fresh air, sunshine, and athletic exertion. He kissed her neck and enjoyed the salty taste. She smelled (and tasted) like herself - only more so.
"I think I'd like it if you'd skip the shower," Jon said.
"Jon! I'm icky! I got all sweaty playing soccer!"
He sniffed her neck, her face, and her hair. "Yeah, I can tell," he said. "I like it. You smell like the woman I love. Steph, you're making me very excited." Jon grabbed the bottom of Stephanie's soccer jersey and lifted it upwards, making her raise her arms over her head so he could remove the jersey and throw it on the sofa. He pulled off her sports bra, which was still a bit damp with perspiration. He kissed her breasts, sucked her nipples, and finally licked her cool, wet flesh.
"It's official. You are some kind of pervert," Stephanie said.
"Help me take off these shorts," Jon said, pulling her shorts and panties off in one smooth motion. He untied her soccer shoes, removed her shoes and socks, and left her standing naked in his living room.
"I can't believe you actually like this," Stephanie said.
Jon took her hand and put it on his hard cock. "Do you believe it now?"
He guided Stephanie to the bedroom and laid her back on the sheets. He kissed her passionately on the lips, then began kissing up and down her neck. Stephanie's natural taste and aroma was intoxicating. Both of them were people who were careful about their personal hygiene, so Jon had only experienced Stephanie when she tasted clean, with mild hints of soap and water. The exertion of playing soccer transformed her body into a bouquet of natural tastes and smells. Jon could tell that Stephanie was a bit uncomfortable with being with Jon so soon after such a hard work-out, so he decided on a tactic that he thought would help her relax.
"Hang on a second," Jon said, fetching the pink silk bondage rope from the drawer where he kept their sex toys. He looped the rope through the headboard of the bed, then bound Stephanie's wrists. They'd played this game long enough that Stephanie knew how to quickly surrender control to Jon. That was good, because what he did next shocked her.
Jon licked Stephanie's face. He licked her cheeks, forehead, nose, chin, and started licking down her neck. Jon licked her upper chest, then worked his way down to her breasts, spending extra time licking and sucking her nipples. "God, you taste wonderful," Jon said. He knew that what he was doing was something beyond her normal comfort zone, so he wanted to make sure she understood that he was thrilled by what he could taste and smell.
Stephanie struggled against her bindings, pulling hard on the ropes. It seemed that Jon had transformed into some kind of savage beast. She wasn't sure she liked this side of Jon, but there was no doubt that it made her excited. Jon licked his way down Stephanie's belly to her freshly-shaved pussy. She knew Jon would go down on her. That's something he always did when he tied her in restraints. She would never expect Jon to eat her pussy if she hadn't showered recently, but he was going to do it anyway.
When he reached her pussy, Jon got between Stephanie's legs and began licking the soft flesh between her legs. He started with her knees, then worked north until he was slowly licking the sensitive skin of her inner thighs. It was exquisite torture. Stephanie could do nothing to stop Jon, so she surrendered to the inevitable. Jon was going to eat her pussy, even though she wasn't as clean as she'd like.
He finally began licking the length of her warm, wet slit. Waves of intense pleasure began in her pussy and spread from her head to her feet. He stuck his tongue inside her as far as it would go. Strangely, this tasted no different from Stephanie's normal state. The vagina cleans itself, so there was little evidence of the exertion that made the rest of her body so irresistible to Jon.
Jon went to work in earnest. His hands reached up her body to her breasts, which he squeezed roughly. This extra stimulation was more than enough to trigger Stephanie's climax, which was much stronger than usual. The kinky element of Jon's fascination with her taste and smell, combined with the bondage and labored stimulation of her pussy, was more than enough to thrill Stephanie as much as she'd ever been thrilled.
She went limp as Jon licked up the wetness from her overheated pussy. He began climbing up her body until his throbbing cock was lined up with the entrance to her vagina. He pushed the head of his cock part way inside, then quickly withdrew. He pushed in a tiny bit more, withdrawing almost immediately. Jon and Stephanie both knew how much this kind of treatment excited her. Her arousal began to build, despite the fact that she'd just had a very strong orgasm.
Jon started moving faster. His cock pushed deeper with every thrust, and her hips began moving to match his rhythm. Stephanie had often had reason to think that Jon was an animal in bed. She'd never had a better reason than right then.
The bindings on her wrists continued to give her a sense of powerlessness over the strong feelings between her legs. She had no doubt that Jon would make her cum again; making Stephanie cum was the thing Jon did best. The only question was whether it would be another strong climax, or one of the long, slow, gentle orgasms he usually gave her after a prolonged session of lovemaking.
By this time Jon was losing control. He needed to cum. Stephanie had never been more excited, and it thrilled him to feel her squirming on the bed beneath him. He loved the feeling he got when they were making love and it was overpoweringly obvious that she was getting close to a climax. He wasn't sure he could last long enough to push her over the edge because it was getting hard to delay his own orgasm.
He finally lost this fight. Nothing Jon did could prevent him from finally cumming, so he just gave up and enjoyed the feeling of filling Stephanie's pussy with warm wetness. She felt him cum over and over as his cock throbbed inside her. It would have been nice if he'd lasted just a minute longer, but she loved the feeling of Jon's body reacting as he climaxed. It was enough to give her a long, gentle orgasm that was particularly satisfying. Stephanie was getting tired. She'd worked hard during the soccer game, then Jon took her to bed and gave her two wonderful orgasms. She needed a rest.
Jon laid on top of Stephanie for a long time after he came, kissing her as he held her in a tight embrace. He reached up and untied the rope around her wrists, finally allowing her to wrap her arms around him.
He finally rolled off and lay next to her on the bed. "Have I told you lately that I love you?" Jon asked.
"Not lately enough. I love you, too," she said.
It took considerable effort, but Stephanie finally sat up in the bed. She was a mess. Her hair looked like the aftermath of a tornado. Her entire body felt sticky from all the sweating she'd done on the soccer field, followed by the enthusiastic licking Jon gave to much of her skin. Her pussy was overflowing with cum.
"Do I have your permission to take a shower, Mr. Jon?" Stephanie said, using the little girl voice she adopted during their spanking games. "I stink," she said.
"By all means. Enjoy your shower," Jon said.
Stephanie walked off to the master bathroom, finding a towel and hanging it from the hook next to the shower door. Jon heard the water start running and the sounds of Stephanie beginning her shower. Jon wasn't as tired as Stephanie because he hadn't played a vigorous game of competitive soccer. He realized that Stephanie must be all wet and soapy as she took her shower, and he wanted to see how she looked. He got out of bed, took a chair to the bathroom, then placed it where he would have a good vantage point to watch Stephanie shower. He opened the shower door and sat down.
Stephanie realized he wanted her to let him watch as she lathered her naked body. She gave him a sexy little smile, then applied a little extra soap to her bath sponge. "Do you like what you see?" she asked.
"Very much," he said.
"I don't know how you can make love to me - twice - and still want to see me naked," she said.
"If you could see what I see at this moment, you'd have no trouble understanding," Jon said.
What had started as a simple shower had turned into a sexy performance, almost like a nude dance for her lover. Stephanie was tired, but not too tired to enjoy the feeling of Jon's gaze as it roamed up and down her body. She turned around, letting him see the water cascade down her back and bottom, then she turned around again so he could admire her front. She had an idea that she thought would please him.
"Would you like to wash my back?" she asked.
Jon stood up and took the sponge, using it to slowly lather Stephanie from the back of her neck to her tight little butt. By the time he was finished his cock was getting hard again, so he got into the shower with Stephanie and ran his hands over every part of her wet, soapy body.
Stephanie got the sponge and used it to lather up Jon's cock and balls. The slippery sensation of her hands lovingly caressing his skin finished the job of making him hard again.
Jon realized that Stephanie had never made love in the shower before. He'd done it several times, so he knew how much fun it could be. This was another opportunity to give Stephanie a new experience that expanded her sexual horizons, so he rinsed the last of the soap from their bodies and took Stephanie in his arms.
They said nothing as Jon pressed Stephanie's back against the shower wall and maneuvered his cock between her legs. He pressed the head of his cock against her clit, then moved in and out. Despite her growing weariness, Stephanie couldn't help but feel aroused as Jon held her in his strong arms and pressed his cock against her warm, slippery slit. He reached down to hold his cock so he could steer it into her pussy. She gave out a little gasp when he entered.
The warm water cascaded down their bodies as they slowly made love. Stephanie enjoyed every sensation, but she knew Jon couldn't make her cum again. She'd already cum twice, and she was just too tired to do it again. Part of the problem was that Stephanie had to keep standing up, and the effort required to remain on her feet interfered with her concentration. Still, she loved the closeness she felt as they had sex in the shower. She wondered if Jon would be able to cum. He'd already cum once, and it was questionable that he could cum again.
It took a bit of effort, but Jon began thrusting more forcefully into Stephanie's pussy. She felt the familiar feeling of Jon losing himself to the experience, and it wasn't long before she felt his cock throbbing inside her. She smiled to herself when she realized that Jon was so turned on by the sight of her taking a shower that he'd been inspired to make love to her in this exciting new way.
Jon knew Stephanie hadn't cum, and he wasn't happy about it. This was her first time having sex in the shower, and he wanted it to have a happy ending. He looked up at the shower head, and it gave him an idea. Jon's shower was equipped with a nozzle mounted on a wand that allowed him to remove the head and direct the spray to whatever body part he wished. He removed the wand, set the shower head on pulsate, then pressed it directly on to Stephanie's pussy.
"Jon!" Stephanie said as she felt the pulsating jets of water beat directly on her clit. She was vaguely aware of the fact that women sometimes masterbated this way, but she'd never tried it because her shower at home had a head that was permanently mounted to the wall. The flood of sensations was so intense it surprised her. She hadn't thought she could possibly have another orgasm. Now, she realized she was wrong.
Stephanie's legs got weak as she surrendered to the feeling. Jon wrapped his left arm around her body so he could hold her up. His right hand held the showerhead against her. Stephanie began to moan and groan as she became more excited. She closed her eyes so she could concentrate. It was clear that she was about to have an orgasm that wasn't quite like anything she'd felt before.
It was a very powerful climax, of course. Jon held the head in place, pressing the pulsating jets of water where he knew they would feel best. Stephanie shook and shuddered. Jon finally removed the shower head and let Stephanie relax. All the strength in her legs was gone, so he gently lowered her body down to the bench in the back of the shower. She sat there and gasped as she tried to catch her breath.
Jon turned off the shower, grabbed a towel, and began drying Stephanie's body. She found the energy to stand, and he dried every inch of her beautiful skin. He used the hair dryer, and it wasn't long before he'd blown her hair out to a beautiful mane of brown curls.
He shut off the dryer. "You're clean," he said.
"And you are just full of surprises, aren't you?" she said, smiling weakly.
They left the bathroom and Stephanie climbed into bed. "Jon, I'm going to have to lay down for a few minutes," Stephanie said. "I worked pretty hard playing soccer, then I came over here and you fucked me out."
"That's just fine. Take a little nap. You'll feel a lot better afterward."
She laid her head on the pillow, then looked up at Jon. "I like being able to see you on a Saturday," she said. "We've got a lot more time before I have to head home."
"I know. It's wonderful," Jon said. He pulled the covers up to cover her body, then decided to lower them enough to expose her breasts. Jon ran his hands over her breasts the way he always did. She smiled up at him and said, "That feels very nice, but I can guarantee you that I can't possibly find the energy to have sex right now."
"Me too," Jon said. "I'm done for now, even though I didn't play soccer."
She squeezed his hand. "Jon, when I'm at school, the girls I know constantly talk about their boyfriends. The girls who are having sex like to brag about it, and they usually tell everybody a lot of details about what their boyfriends do to them. It's kind of icky, actually. I never say anything about you. I can't risk saying anything that might get back to my mother, but even if I could talk about you, I'd never talk about what we do in bed. I don't understand why they do it."
"I remember that happening when I was in high school. Guys would brag about all kinds of things they were doing with their girlfriends. We all knew who those girls were, so I thought it was pretty disrespectful. My girlfriend Samantha and I pretended we were just platonic friends because we didn't want our parents to know we were having sex, but even if that wasn't an issue I would never have talked about our intimate relationship.
"In retrospect, I'm pretty sure that the guys who did the most bragging were actually doing the least sexually. I have a feeling that the guys who kept their mouths shut were the ones having the most sex."
Stephanie smiled. "I wish I didn't have to keep you a secret."
"We won't have to pretend forever," Jon said. "I've been wondering when we can let your mother know I've been corrupting her daughter."
Stephanie laughed. "That's exactly how I expect her to react," she said. "I don't know when I can tell her about you. The whole idea scares me."
"I've thought about it a little," Jon said. "The decision needs to be yours, and I'll support whatever you decide. But maybe we could tell her right after you graduate. Then, you could make the argument that you are legally an adult with a high school diploma and a scholarship to one of the best colleges in America. At that point you could tell her there is a guy who is just crazy about you, and that we are using one of the most reliable forms of birth control available."
"Oh man," Stephanie said. "I still think she'll have a fit."
"Probably," Jon said. "I don't know her, but I imagine there's no way to avoid having a conversation where you inform your mother of the fact that you are now an adult capable of making your own decisions."
"What if she kicks me out of the house?"
"If she does that, you'll move in with me. Which would be great, by the way. But that's not going to happen. What I think will happen is you'll arrange a time for her to meet me, and I'll win her over with all my natural charm."
Stephanie smiled again. "I'm the one in bed, but you're the one dreaming."
"Then close your eyes and do some dreaming of your own. I'll see you after you wake up," Jon said, giving Stephanie a gentle kiss.
He left the bedroom and closed the door behind him. He imagined that Stephanie would be asleep for at least an hour. Jon was an unusually organized young man, so he immediately started thinking of productive things he could do during her nap. Her clothes were spread around the living room floor, so he thought it would be a nice gesture if he gave them a quick wash. That way, she'd have fresh clothes to put on her freshly showered body
He loaded his clothes in the washing machine along with a set of sheets he'd changed earlier. After that, he realized that Stephanie would probably be hungry when she woke. He got out his copy of the delivery menu of his favorite pizza place, but then he realized pizza was not a good idea. He'd learned something new about Stephanie when he watched her play soccer. She wasn't an ordinary high school senior. He'd known she was a soccer player who expected to win a scholarship, but he hadn't understood she was so dominant. Stephanie was an elite athlete, and people like her didn't usually eat a lot of cheeseburgers, french fries, and pizza. He had to think of a healthier option for her. An online search showed that there was a nearby restaurant that served organic vegan food. He printed a copy of their delivery menu so Stephanie could decide what she wanted as soon as she woke up.
While he was online, Jon decided to see if any local sportswriters had ever written anything about Stephanie. Clearly, she was the kind of high school athlete who deserved media coverage. Jon typed her name into a news search engine, and found more than 100 stories that mentioned her. Some of the stories were long, detailed reports about her exploits on the soccer field. Many of the stories were illustrated by large photographs showing Stephanie performing impressive plays. "Damn. My girlfriend is a superstar," Jon said.
That's when Jon realized something important. One of the first things Stephanie told Jon about herself was that she needed to get an A in French in order to secure a scholarship. That had to be a lie. There was no way a soccer powerhouse like UCLA would turn away an athlete like Stephanie because she got a B in French. In retrospect, it's such an obvious lie that Jon was surprised he'd ever believed it.
She'd told him that lie because she wanted to find a way to see him again. Jon smiled as he realized that Stephanie was pursuing him almost from the first moment they met. It made him feel good to see that she felt he was so desirable. The lie she told was a good lie, containing just a kernel of truth. It was true, after all, that Stephanie needed tutoring to get an A in French, but Jon should have realized that the rest of her story made no sense.
"You are as clever as you are beautiful," Jon said. "I'm going to have to remember that in the future."
..................................
This is becoming a very adult relationship, isn't it? Jon helps Stephanie experience something new in Chapter 6.