I have been booked by a photographic artist for the evening. You are well known for your amazing latex images, which show a degree of perfection that I have never seen anyone else achieve, so I am thrilled to be booked to model for you. All I have been told about the booking is that I will be required to wear a latex outfit of some sort and that it is for a special gallery exhibition you are putting together.
I confess I am a little surprised that you have booked me, as I am virtually unknown, and wonder how you have come to pick me, although my portfolio does have some pictures of me in various latex outfits and very high stiletto thigh boots. I am sure you have regular models for such work, but none the less I am hugely excited by the opportunity. Perhaps, if I do well, you will book me for more work, which would be an amazing break and boost to my career.
I arrive at your studio spot on time, trying to impress. You open the door and politely welcome me in before explaining what I will be wearing for the session; a black latex catsuit, together with a matching latex hood, gloves, and finally a pair of ballet boots. You check whether I am okay with all of that, which of course I say I am.
Smiling you show me to the dressing room and I have a look at the outfit I am to wear. As part of the booking process, I have provided you with all my measurements so that you could ensure you have everything in the right size for me. At 5'9" I am quite tall and my legs are very long.
The catsuit is slightly unusual as it is neck entry so has no zip, except between the legs. This means I will need to use plenty of lube to get into the catsuit. I rub the lube all over my body until my skin glistens with it, before putting my feet into the neck hole. I then carefully begin to pull it up making sure my feet go into the legs as I edge it up and then put my arms into the sleeves. I am pleasantly surprised how easily I get the catsuit on with the lube, but it is super tight, shaping my arse, torso and breasts particularly making them stand out much more than normal. I then sit down at the dressing table and put the ballet boots on, pushing my feet into the steep vamp before buckling them up around my ankles.
The boots are almost vertical with the 7" heels, but I have experience of wearing very high heels and from my ballet training. Now I pick up and pull the hood on, it slips easily over my head, but instead of eye holes the latex is just perforated with tiny pin prick holes so dramatically reduces my vision. I adjust it in the mirror so the two holes are correctly positioned for my nose and the instead of a hole for my mouth and lips there again is just a single small round hole in the middle. I have not worn a hood like this before and for a moment as I put it on it is mildly claustrophobic, but I soon get used to it. You have obviously chosen it to create that totally enclosed latex look. Finally, I pull on the latex gloves and stretch them so they fit over my fingers perfectly; as best I can I check everything is looking right before I carefully stand up, and slowly and deliberately walk in the ballet heels out of the changing room.
I come out of the dressing room teetering on the almost impossible 7" stiletto heels of the ballet ankle boots into the studio.
Smiling you quickly come over and offer me your hand to both guide and help balance me.
"Oh, you look splendid, well done." you say enthusiastically.
"Okay, now just come with me over here." You guide me across the studio to an area shrouded in plastic sheeting. Holding the sheeting apart you usher me inside. There is a white circular podium, about 4' across and in the middle of it is a single vertical metal pole. Sitting on a table at the side is what looks like an electric paint sprayer.
"So, I am going to need you to stand on the podium whilst I use the sprayer to coat your outfit to make it all shiny" you explain. I had wondered how you achieved such perfectly shiny finishes to the latex outfits in your pictures. You then go on to add "Now the only thing is that you need to stand perfectly still and not touching anything whilst the spray dries, okay?"
"Okay." I reply with a nod, not sure how well I are going to manage that in these heels for any length of time but assume you know what you are doing. Little do I know I am the first model to go through this particular process.
"Now for our safety we will need to wear masks to protect us from any spray fumes" you say as you pick up a face masks like firemen use for me. "As you are being sprayed you need this more specialist mask." you add.
I stand still as I let you fit the mask over my already hooded head "Just breathe normally." you say as you tighten the straps around my head so it is air tight. With the mask on my visibility is reduced to virtually zero. Breathing inside the mask through the filters the air tastes slightly sweet, warm and of latex, I feel a little light headed.
"Is that okay?" you ask.
"Yes fine." I reply but with the hood and mask on you can barely hear me and I nod as well.
"Good, now let's get you up onto the podium." You take my hand and standing on the podium help me gingerly step up onto it in these ballet heels. Relying on your hand for balance in these heels I then feel your hands hold my waist and move me gently into the position you want me in. I can't see a thing.
"Head up and keep looking straight ahead." I hear you say, so I do. I then feel you ease my legs apart slightly. I can feel your hands between my legs and am not sure if I feel the zip being pulled open a little it is so gentle.
"Okay now hold still as I am going to secure you onto the podium." you say in a very matter of fact way. I wonder how you are going to do this as I didn't see any frame or anything when I came in.
The next thing I know, I gasp in total surprise and shock inside my mask as I feel something touch my vulva and gently push into me and then start to slide into my vagina. I begin to breathe rapidly in the mask causing it to mist over, I try to look down but can't see what is going on.
I just hear your calm voice "Don't panic I am just making sure you will stay still in place whilst I spray you." You are kneeling between my legs raising the metal bar pushing it into my pussy securing me in place. I have never heard of, or seen a one bar prison before.
I continue to feel the hard object pushing slowly further and further up into my vagina, stretching it, I gasp and shudder as it becomes really sensitive, nervous that I can't much more, I try to push myself higher on my toes, which is virtually impossible in these ballet heels. The further it rises inside me the more I am forced to stand up right and not move, as any movement causes such an intense reaction inside me. I can barely believe this, as you impale me on the pole. I dare not move now, but you can tell I have reached my limit and secure the one bar prison in place. Impaled so deep even if I tried to, I wouldn't be unable to get off it now.
"Well done." I hear you say as you step off the podium.
I am still in shock trying to cope with the dildo deep inside me when I hear the electric spray gun start and then feel the cold liquid start to cover my outfit right from my head down to my feet. This seems to go on for quite a while, with short breaks as you carefully spray me several times with thin coats. Inside the mask I can hear myself breathing but have very little sensation of anything else. I still feel light headed and strangely calm and passive as I breath in and out through the mask filters.
Apparently satisfied you remove your mask "Okay now you need to keep your mask on and stay still for a few minutes whilst it dries, okay." you say to me as you push the plastic sheeting aside without waiting for any reply and vanish leaving me alone, standing still, just breathing fixed on the pole in my own enclosed world.
About ten minutes later you return and carefully examine me all over.
"Good, good, excellent." you say clearly pleased with the results as you bend down and remove the plastic sheet that was protecting the shiny white podium. I relax, but oddly even as I relax myself, nothing happens, my body appears to be stuck in the position I have been holding. Little do I know that the spray was actually a lacquer that has set the rubber outfit quite firm, it's just like a plastic coating.
I try to speak but with the hood and mask on you seem unable to hear me and with my body firmly held in its pose I can't reach up to remove the mask myself.
"Now don't be concerned I am just going to move you to the exhibition." I am surprised you don't remove my mask.
I am not sure if I passed out or just nodded off as I regain consciousness finding myself wheeled on the podium into a small display space. Having positioned me in the middle of the black room you then place in front of me a stand with a sign and big red button on it. I have no idea what it says or what it is for. You then move around the room moving spot lights so they focus on me; with the hood, mask and now bright lights on me I can't see anything. The rest of the room is black and dark with just me in the middle glistening in reflections from the spot lights, a uniform mirror black object, apparently balanced on a single stainless-steel pole.
Around the room are several camera's recording the display, only visible from the small red light which comes on.
Shortly afterwards I hear a small group of people come into the room. They start to look me over and admire me like some sculpture. Making comments about how amazing the mirror like shiny latex shows off my curves and form. They then read the sign and giggling as they egg each other on until one of the women presses the button.
The sign reads:
"Homage to the wonderous gift of the Hevea Brasiliensis tree or more commonly known as the Rubber tree."
"This is a living art work. If you decide it is worthy press the button and watch."
I start to feel a gentle vibration inside my vagina and then a slow movement up and down. Within moments I am intensely aroused; breathing rapidly under my hood and mask as the vibrations intensify and the movement up and down speeds up, the ribbed dildo on the tip of the pole teasing me right to the limit in my vagina. I cannot help myself as I feel myself rapidly brought to an intense orgasm and can feel my hot cum start to dribble around the dildo and out of my pussy.
The visitors watch as a slow stream of my creamy cum descends from my latex clad vulva down the outside of the dildo and collects in a tray surrounding the base of the dildo and then flows down a lip into a small collecting vessel.
After a moment an announcement starts
"Congratulations you have successfully tapped this rubber doll for her creamy sap!"
They all giggle and laugh. I am totally shocked at what has just happened to me, effectively forced to have a public orgasm.
I am still recovering when after a short period of time a second small group comes in. They take their time examining me, even running their hands over my latex clad body discussing how you have achieved such a smooth hard glossy effect, before gathering at the front and without any discussion press the button and watch.
Once again, I feel the dildo start to vibrate and move, but this time at a slightly different speed and intensity to before, with a little pause too. I try to resist but it is hopeless and the little pause means I am taken to the edge and back, which just ensures the resulting orgasm is more intense than the first time and it starts again quickly making me orgasm a second time in quick succession.
This time with each orgasm a larger amount of cum oozes over the dildo impaling me and into the collecting tray and into the attached vessel.
"Congratulations, practice has increased creamy sap production from this rubber doll!"
They clap and remark how erotic the display is; a triumph one of them declares.
There is another short gap, during which I can't help but wriggle a little on the one bar prison, starting to need the pleasure it is making me feel.
Several more people now come in and this time straight away press the button. Once again, the pattern of vibration and movement changes, and this time it is slower and builds over a longer time, almost as if it can sense my increased arousal and sensitivity, it takes me to the edge and back over an extended period of time.
Inside my hood and mask, I am struggling to contain my increasing desperation to orgasm but also enjoying the way it is keeping me aroused, losing track of time in my isolation and arousal. After a good 10 minutes, it finally takes me over the edge and this time after my first orgasm it stops and suddenly starts again vigorously making me have a second, and then a third orgasm. My creamy cum is in full flow down onto the collecting tray and into the vessel which is now almost full.
"Congratulations, this rubber doll is now at full production of its creamy sap" the announcement declares.
I am quite exhausted now as the visitors leave, and a few minutes later you come in.
You lean over and remove the full vessel of my creamy cum.
Talking directly to me,
"Well, you have been productive haven't you" as you examine it, then smell it, and then put some onto the tip of your finger and place it between your lips tasting me.
"Very sexy" you proclaim before putting a top onto the container.
"You performed brilliantly well sweetie." walking around me "the exhibition was very successful, the guests were very impressed with you, you will be the talk of the community and I have some lovely pictures and film to illustrate articles for the magazines."
"I expect you were shocked to start with, weren't you sweetie." In my head I am agreeing "but by now I suspect you find yourself with a strange desire to experience this level of arousal and pleasure again, don't you?" I am hearing what you are saying and finding it impossible to stop myself actually confirming what my body is telling me. The level of arousal and pleasure I have felt when made to orgasm was so intense it was unlike any experience I have had before, and despite the very peculiar way you got me into this situation I am struggling to stop my body telling me that I do want to experience it again.
As if reading my mind "Well we will have to see sweetie, but for now that was enough."