Liz and Sean were celebrating their second wedding anniversary with a special night away at the Crown Metropol. It was Sean's idea for a romantic weekend away from any distractions of home. At 23 and 25 respectively they didn't have children yet however there was always something going on that took away from them time.
Sean was happy in that he had finally convinced Liz to participate in several of his fantasies. Tick 1, all underwear had been left at home, Liz wasn't a prude and rarely wore a bra to contain her 10B breasts however she preferred to wear panties, even if they were all skimpy G-Strings, when out in public. Tick 2, Liz was sleeping naked, she normally slept in those skimpy G-Strings. Tick 3 Liz had let Sean buy her a mini skirt that barely covered her butt cheeks and had changed into it after dinner before they went to the night club, the restaurant they had chosen was way to formal to wear a mini skirt to even if she did wear a revealing sheer top. Tick 4, Liz had let Sean finger her naked pussy under her mini skirt while they stood in line to enter the night club and she stroked his cock through his slacks. Tick 5, Liz had let him continue to finger her pussy whenever they were sitting down in the night club, and she came at least twice.
The sex that followed had been some of the best Sean had experienced and now he was laying beside his sleeping beauty wishing for more. It was nearing 3:30am and Liz was fast asleep curled up in a tight little ball facing Sean. He got up and went to the toilet. As he returned to the bed Liz rolled onto her back, bent her right leg at hip and knee and placed her right foot against her left knee. Her neatly trimmed patch of short curly auburn hair had been shaped into a heart on her pubic mound while all other sign of hair had been removed from her pussy. Tick 5 would be if she let Sean pay for her to have all her pussy hair laser removed but he settled for the fact she kept her labia and butt waxed and varied her pubic mound between complete waxing or a delicate shaping.
Sean's cock began to stiffen as he looked at her silhouette against the city night scape through their 20th floor window, they had left eh curtains open to look at the lights while they made love earlier. He rolled and shuffled towards Liz until now half erect cock pressed against her left hip and he placed his left hand over her hair heart. His middle finger found the mixture of their juices between her lips and gently stroked the cleft between her legs. His fingertip passing from the top of the hood covering her clit to her vagina and back hoping to elicit another round of love making from Liz. Sean could tell Liz's body was enjoying his touch, her juices were increasing with each gentle stroke. Sean's cock stiffening and prodding against her upper thigh as his own arousal level increased.
Sean's hopes were dashed when Liz stirred, closed her legs after moving Sean's hand from her pussy to the cleft between her breasts and rolled onto her right side, in the process shuffling her butt against this throbbing cock. She shifted her hips so that his balls rested in the cleft at the top of her legs and his shaft rested along the cleft of her butt cheeks. Sean consoled himself that he had enjoyed all he would for now.
---
Sean opened his eyes to the light of pre-dawn coming through the window. Sun rise in Melbourne in the middle of summer was around 5:45am. He had rolled away from liz and they were both laying on their backs. Liz's left hand resting on his balls. He looked across to Liz who was silhouetted against the rising sun. her breasts settled on her chest and topped by blueberry sized nipples that never seemed to shrink, not that he was complaining. Her areola forming little platforms for them to sit on. Looking down her body he saw her right hand was between her legs, he could see the almost imperceptible movement from her fingers suggesting she may have been exploring the cleft between her smooth lips. Sean's semi-erect cock twitched above Liz's left hand.
Sean rolled towards Liz causing her left hand to fall to the bed between them and placed his left hand on her rib cage just below her left breast. He ran his fingers around the globe of soft flesh before tracing arcs back and forth as his fingers climbed towards her nipple. With each stroke his fingers got closer and closer until he ran his index finger over the large bud of nerves. Liz moved her left hand from between them and lifted his hand to her lips and kissed the back of his fingers before rolling on her right side and placing his hand between her breasts while holding it tight. She bent her left leg at hip and knee and placed her foot on her right knee.
Sean shuffled close to Liz from behind and tried to angle his cock to her open pussy, Liz shuffled her butt so that his shaft rested against her butt denying him access. He settled for hugging her from behind and dozed off.
---
Liz opened her eyes to the feel of Sean's erection pressing into her butt and his balls hard against the back of the tops of her legs. The sun was now shining brightly into their room, she noticed the clock had reach 6:30. Her right hand was between her legs, her fingers covered in her own moisture, as were her inner thighs and labia. She reached her fingers between her legs and stroked his ball sack, she loved the way he kept his groin smooth, she sometimes wished she could be brave enough to give him his fantasy of her being permanently hair free. Sean stirred, flexing his hips so that his cock slide down her butt until the tip came free and slipped towards her waiting vagina. Liz felt the tip of his cock on her fingers and traced a circle around the head before grasping his now fully erect 20cm shaft and guiding it towards her slick lips.
Sean pushed his hips towards Liz's butt and pushed the tip of his firm cock between her lips. Liz sighed as she ran her fingers down his shaft searching for his balls with her right hand while putting her left hand behind her and finding his left hip to pull him closer. Sean reached over her side and cradled her left breast in his hand as he rolled the firm nipple under his fingertips.
Sean held his cock at her entrance for what felt like and hour to Liz. She stroked his shaft up and down, trying to pull it closer with each upward stroke. Sean pushed his hips closer driving half his cock into her waiting tunnel, the head of his cock finding the patch of rippled flesh that marks her G-spot. He angled his hips so that his cock pressed hard. Liz stroked the remainder of his cock causing is head to rub against her G-spot while Sean held still massaging her breast.
"Good morning sexy." Liz murmured, "Ready to go again?"
"I've been ready since 3:30." Sean replied, "I just couldn't find your switch."
"Oh, you found it, I just wanted to see how far you would take things without my permission."
"You know I don't do anything you don't want."
"Yeah, but you know I want this." Liz said as she let go of his cock and pushed hard against his groin, driving the remainder of his cock deep inside her vagina and sighed.
"Well after last night you have my standing permission to anything you want with my pussy when it is uncovered."
"And if it is covered?"
"Then you can ask in any way you want but have to wait for an answer." Liz replied as she pulled her butt away from Sean and pushed back hard, "Now are you going to use that rod you have in me? Or do I have to take control?"
With that Sean started to pump his cock in and out of Liz's pussy while she moved her fingers to her clit, found the pea sized bud of nerves and ran her finger over it.
"Rub my G-spot with your cock." Liz murmured as Sean drove his cock in and out of her wet folds, "Yes, I love it when you take me from behind, it rubs my G-spot so well."
Sean wrapped his left arm around her rib cage tightly and pulled her against his cock as she lifted her left leg and fingered her clit, letting her fingers trace over his cock shaft as he withdrew and pumped back into her.
"Sean, I love the way you fill me from behind."
"I love filling you."
"I have a fantasy for you to attempt today."
"Anything that involves your pussy."
"I want you to fuck me in a public place."
"You're on." Sean agreed as he pumped his cock faster into her now clenching vagina, he knew that when he got her to this stage it would not be long before he would have her body trembling from an orgasm.
"What if I do this?" Sean asked moving his hips, so his cock rubbed hard against her G-spot.
"Then you would have to be ready for this." Liz panted as she clenched her muscles tight around his cock as he pumped harder and faster into her until her muscle clenching turned to involuntary movements and she covered his balls with a flood of hot liquid from her pussy. Sean pumped his cock vigorously through her squirting orgasm until her vagina stopped contracting on his cock. He then slowed down his pumping and cuddled Liz from behind. Liz returned to clenching her vagina against his cock as he gently pumped her still tingling pussy.
"That was nice." Liz said as she enjoyed the slow resting fucking she was now receiving. Sean's cock sliding smoothy in and out of her pulsing vagina, it too beginning to pulse.
"Any ideas where you would like me to take you in public?" Sean asked as he again picked up the pace of his thrusts.
"Surprise me." Liz replied as she pushed her butt hard against Sean and squeezed her vagina muscles around his hard cock.
"Like this?" Sean asked as cum exploded deep inside Liz's pulsing vagina, the warmth hitting her walls causing her to have another orgasm of her own.
"Yes, surprise me like that in a place of your choice."
Sean's left-hand slide back up Liz's chest until he was cupping her right breast and he held her tight to his body as they embraced the pleasure coming from their still joined genitals. Sean slowly sliding his firm cock in and out of her slick cum lined vagina. His fingers caressing her firm nipple as he nibbled the back of her neck. He had been disappointed when Liz had her waist length auburn hair cut to a bob but now found it more convenient when nuzzling her neck. They dozed.
---
Sean had rolled on to his back while they were dozing and lay with his legs together. Liz had rolled on to her side to face him. Her the fingers of her right hand were tracing circles across his hairless pubic region passing over the base of his cock and down as far as she could reach towards his balls. Sean bent his left leg away from his right giving Liz access to his ball sack.
Liz ran her fingers up and down his shaft then lifted his balls in her hand and gently squeezed. Her middle finger pressed against his perineum ask she stroked it.
"Any more cream left in these?"
"Perhaps you should find out."
Liz released his balls and stroked his cock firmly while she shuffled closer so she could suck on his right nipple. Sean sighed as his cock swelled to full erection in Liz's hand. Her left hand was between her legs as she gently rubbed her clit.
"Looks like you're ready." Liz said as she pushed herself up to a sitting position while still stroking his cock.
"I'm always ready for you."
"I'm glad." Liz swung her right leg over Sean's legs and lent forward to kiss his lips. Her small red heart pressing against his form cock as her breasts settled against this chest and her tongue found is.
"We have to have breakfast by 10." Sean reminded her.
"I'm sure we can get there. It's only 7:45." Liz slid her pussy towards Sean's cock until the base parted her lips. It twitched as he felt the moisture between her legs on his shaft. Sean reached up and held Liz's head as he kissed her deeply. She slid her pussy up and down his cock as it swelled to his full length and girth.
"I'm still amazed how this thing fits inside me." Liz said as she caressed the 20cm long 6cm diameter monster with her pussy, her clit now rubbing against the underside veins of his shaft. Her breasts and firm blueberry sized nipples rubbing against Sean's chest. Sean shifted his hips each time her wet opening reached his cock head trying to get the right angle to enter her slick tunnel.
After teasing Sean with her pussy for a good 5 minutes, Liz lifted her weight at the top of her slid and caught the tip of his cock on her opening, pushing back she drove his shaft slowly and smoothly into her tunnel until she had the whole length inside then sat back so Sean could see her clit and auburn heart sitting above is hairless pubic bone.
"Do you still like my surprise?" Liz asked.
"I do."
"Could it be better?"
"You know how I rate your pubic hair."
"All gone. Short and shaped. Bikini line." Liz said as she started to lift her weight of Sean's groin until his cock was just at the entrance to her vagina, where she stopped and grinned.
"In that order." Sean replied as he lifted his hips to push his cock back inside, Liz lifted higher so that he stayed just at her opening.
"Well short and shaped it will be until the sides start to show, then I might go hairless for you." Liz told him as she dropped her weight onto his groin, driving his cock deep and hard into her vagina until his tip was pressing against her cervix, "Until then enjoy what you have as you fill me up."
Liz leant forward so Sean could reach her breasts with his mouth and she bounced slowly up and down on his cock as he sucked her nipples until they had swollen closer to raspberry sized. Her puffy areola forming the perfect stage for them to sit on above her firm 10B breasts.
Liz's juices were flooding her pussy and her tunnel expanded to the point that she could only feel Sean's monster at her entrance and where it hit her cervix.
Liz leant backwards so that Sean's cock rubbed the ripples marking her G-spot at the front of her vagina. Her muscles clenched; Sean's cock pulsed as they both moved closer to their respective releases. Liz bounced faster and harder on his cock as Sean reached down to caress her clit.
The sensations on his cock and sight of Liz using it for her pleasure became too much for Sean to handle. His groin muscles tensed up as he delivered his third load of cum for the morning deep inside Liz's vagina. The warmth and movement pushing Liz to her own orgasm as she sprayed her girl juices all over Sean's stomach, some splashing as far as his lips which he licked.
Liz dropped flat on her back against Sean's legs as exhaustion hit her, causing Sean's cock to pop from her vagina. The movement and friction causing a secondary squirt of liquid to escape Liz's pussy.
"We make a good team." Sean said as he stroked Liz's dripping slit, now just below his still firm cock so their combined juices bathed his balls.
"We do, don't we." Liz replied as she straightened her legs from under her butt and lay spread-eagle across Sean's legs as they recover enough to have a shower.
---
As Liz and Sean walked into the hotel restaurant for breakfast all the men and most of the women looked their way. Liz was wearing a white crocheted top, a pale blue pleated skirt and heeled sandals. Liz noted that they appeared to be the youngest in the room, Sean 25 and herself 23, by at least 5 years. She felt way underdressed even for a casual Sunday breakfast.
Her top covered her breasts and midriff and not much more. The midriff section forming a band below her breasts, the ends of which only just reached the outside swell of her breasts. The band was held in place by two crocheted shoestring straps that ran around her back. Sitting above the band were two triangles that, while covering the width of each breast at the bottom, came to a point just above her areola leaving plenty of her breasts exposed all round. A crocheted shoestring strap was tied halter neck style behind her neck. The crotchet was loose enough that her nipples were visible through the holes if anyone cared to look close enough. The pleated skirt came to mid-thigh and flipped up at the back as she walked. To complete her outfit, she wore 6cm high heel sandals which accentuated her long legs, not that she needed help in this region, most of her 185cm height was in her legs.
Sean walked 3 paces behind Liz so that he could admire her long legs and shapely butt while also observing the looks she attracted.
They found a vacant table and took a seat. Liz's skirt riding up at the back to barely cover her bottom as she sat down and exposing the very tops of the sides of her thighs. Sean sat opposite Liz and was pleased to see that the tabletops were made of a smoked glass. The front of Liz's skirt rode up her thighs and exposed the very top of her thighs as she sat with her knees together. If her could get her to let them part, he would get a clear view of her labia.
A waiter came to take their hot food and beverage order and invited them to help themselves to the continental items while they waited. He didn't seem to notice how revealing Liz's top was, or if he did, he didn't react. They both ordered bacon and eggs with a side of coffee and the waiter left them.
Sean offered to get them a glass of juice to start with, there were a selection of pre-prepared juices however he opted to go for fresh squeezed orange juice. While waiting he turned to look Liz's way and admire the sexy red head that is his wife. His cock rose to the sight and when he turned back to take the juice glasses, he bumped the bulge in his pants against the counter bringing his attention to it. The girl squeezing the juice noticed too and they shared a knowing smile.
"See something you liked?" Liz asked as Sean placed the orange juice on the table and sat down.
"Why do you say that?"
"Oh, I just thought I saw a sign." Liz replied nodding towards his crotch.
"Be nice if I saw more." Sean replied as he glanced at her lap through the table. Liz took the hint and allowed her knees to separate enough for her thighs to open and Sean got to see her smooth pussy lips under her skirt. He smiled as he raised his glass in a toast. Liz picked up her juice and tapped the glass on Sean's.
"To us."
"To us." Sean repeated before taking sip and placing the glass down just as their bacon and eggs arrived.
The waiter approached from behind Sean and as he leant down to place the plate in front of Liz he was presented with the open view of her moist lips between her legs. He smiled at Sean as he turned to place the plate in front of him. Sean returned the smile as the waiter left them.
With the plates in front of them Sean's view through the table was obscured so he had to content himself with the amount of breast on display above the table. His cock remained relatively firm through the course of breakfast as a result. When he was finished his bacon and eggs, he stood up to get some fruit and yoghurt, the bulge at the front of his pants leading the way. Several of the women he passed had a good view as the bulge bobbed by at just below eye level as he wore no underwear.
When it came time for the waiter to deliver their coffees he approached from behind Liz, from this angle he was able to steal a look down the cleft between her breasts. Again, he smiled to Sean who gave an approving nod.
"You've won an admirer." Sean said when the waiter had moved on.
"What do you mean?"
"The waiter appreciates both your pussy and boobs." Sean told her with a smile. Liz air slapped him as she let her knees spread again and Sean smiled at her, "You're enjoying this."
"Well, I need to keep you in the mood for later."
"Later?" Sean asked.
"Yes, when you surprise me."
"Oh. That. Yes." Sean smiled as he lifted his coffee cup to his mouth to hide the grin on his face.
---
After breakfast Sean and Liz checked out of the motel. Their car was in a carpark that they could use as long as they wanted so decided that they would walk along Southbank to the arts centre. The morning sun promising the day would be warm as the people of Melbourne made the most of two consecutive days of summer weather. A light breeze blew from the east along the river causing Liz's bouncing skirt to flip higher than by itself. She could feel that her bare butt was being regularly flashed to anyone behind her. She felt a tingle of thrill up her spine.
Sean was walking beside Liz with his arm wrapped around her waist. As they walked, he allowed his hand to slide down her back to rest at the small of her back, the waistband of her skirt between his hand and her skin. He could feel the material moving under his hand as they walked and allowed it to drift down to her butt cheek. Knowing this was holding her skirt down, and wanting to know those behind might get a fleeting view of her butt when it flipped up, Liz lifted his hand back to her waist. The thrill of accidental exposure driving her desire for Sean.
They reached the St Kilda Road end of Southbank and started the stair climb to the art centre. Liz knew anyone walking behind her would have the perfect view of her butt under her skirt, she had worn G-Strings under short skirts many times previously and enjoyed the thrill, this would be the first time without panties. Also, the stepping motion would be lifting the front of her skirt although she doubted much would be on show under the raised hem.
Sean took a moment to look across the Yarra River allowing Liz to go several steps ahead before starting his climb. He looked up towards Liz and was rewarded with the perfect view of her bare butt under the flipping skirt hem. In a moment of lust, he pulled out his phone, started a video recording, and walked held the phone in his fist with the camera pointing in Liz's general direction hoping that he was capturing the view. He noticed several males walking down the stairs turn as they passed Liz, obviously checking to her barely covered breasts. None looked long enough to see the view from behind.
At the top of the stairs, he caught up with Liz while stopping the video and placing his phone in his pocket.
"What kept you?" Liz asked.
"I was dazzled by a beautiful sight I just had to get a video of."
"I bet. I want to see it when we get home." Liz replied as she brushed the bulge at the front of his shorts and smiled, "Is that for me?"
"Depends."
"On what?"
"If you are good or not." Sean teased as he took her hand and they headed for the art gallery.
They had not planned their visit so did not find out what the travelling displays were, nothing took their fancy, so they decided to look around the free permanent display for a while. Both Sean and Liz were thrilled to see how the bright lights of the galleries worked to enhance the 'accidental' exposure Liz's top provided. Every hole in the crochet revealing glimpses of skin beneath, her areola and nipples most. Sean's unrestrained cock constantly bulging his shorts.
The gallery was unusually busy with young families preventing the young couple from finding anywhere they felt comfortable to try to be adventurous. They had their limits to what they would attempt when children might see.
"Let's go down to Ackland Street for lunch." Sean suggested after they had walked around the gallery for an hour.
"I'll be in that."
They left the gallery and walked to the tram stop in front of the art centre. Sean allowed two low floor trams that would have taken them to their destination go by.
"We could have caught one of those trams." Liz said.
"I have a plan." Sean responded with an evil smile.
"Oh. I see."
The next tram was an old-style high floor tram with three high steps required to board. Sean stepped back to allow Liz to lead the way. The tram was standing room only and a young guy was standing opposite the door looking their way as they boarded. When Liz lifted her foot for each step her skirt rose to the top of her thighs, the auburn heart clearly visible to him. He was obviously torn between looking up her skirt and her cleavage. Sean saw the look on his face and nodded with a smile as he guided Liz to the back of the tram.
Moving to the rear of the tram, Sean turned to face the front of the tram and turned Liz around, so she leant her back against him to steady herself as the tram moved off. Her long legs and high heels allowing Sean's firm cock press into the cleft of her butt cheeks. Sean wrapped his left arm around Liz's waist to hold her to him and allowed his right hand to run down her back to her butt cheek.
The movement of the tram had Liz's butt bumping and rubbing Sean's cock as they rattled along. Sean looked around to see if anyone was looking their way, everyone was engaged in their own lives. He moved his hand to his zipper and pulled it down, his cock pushed through the opening just as the tram rocked around a curve in the track causing Liz to shuffle her feet. His cock flipped under her skirt and rested against her moist labia.
Liz glanced back over her shoulder with a smile and shifted her feet again so he had more room between her legs and relaxed her knees, so her vagina lowered onto his cock. She sighed softly as his girth spread her opening and his long cock slid into her vagina. At 190cm Sean was taller than Liz, although his height was more in his body than his legs. This difference in leg length and Liz's high heels meant that when standing flat footed Sean managed to give feed two thirds of his cock into her vagina. His angle of entry however still ensuring he pressed against her G-spot.
The tram rocking along the track and bumping to stops was sufficient movement to have Sean's cock sliding in and out of her slick tunnel. Sean could feel Liz's vagina muscles clenching agains this cock as her arousal grew, he clenched his muscles to make his cock twitch in response. The tram filled more at each stop allowing their activity to be more and more hidden, Sean started to add his own thrusts sometimes countering the movement of the tram and Liz's head lolled backwards as she felt her need for release increase. At one point Sean's cock was pressing so hard in just the right spot she was sure she was going to squirt, however she managed to clench her muscles tight enough to prevent a puddle.
Sean got so close to his own orgasm twice before managing to stem the need to fill her vagina with his cum at the last moment.
When they reached St Kilda station more than half the passengers alighted. Sean sensed their cover would soon be lost and slipped his cock from Liz's now dripping pussy, she sighed in disappointment. He saw her moisture making the inside of her thighs glisten below the hemline of her skirt as he looked down at his cock to make sure everything was carefully tucked away before doing up the zipper.
Liz turned around to face Sean and kissed him passionately.
"That was naughty." She said with a smile.
"That was nice." Sean replied as he allowed his right hand to rest on her left breast. His index finger rubbing her nipple through a hole.
"I liked the surprise. Didn't quite make me cum, but only because I stopped myself." Liz whispered.
"Hopefully I will still get a chance to give you another surprise."
"If not it was still nice."
They cuddled until the tram reached the Ackland Street stop where they alighted. They walked along the street to find a cafe for lunch. It was already very busy, and they eventually found an outside table for two and sat down. The placement and style of the table meant that neither of them could sit with their knees together and they would be sitting slightly facing the passing pedestrians. They could either sit knees spread to each side or legs to the foot path side and crossed. Either way Liz was going to be providing an up-skirt experience to anyone who walked by and there were a lot of children around today. She judged that by crossing her legs she would only be showing her patch of auburn hair and unless someone looked hard it would look like she had dark coloured panties on so opted for that. She was glad that at least her thighs had dried off while walking.
Sean opted for the spread knee option. As he sat down his shorts pulled tight across his groin and pinched his now softened cock. He instinctively pulled the legs of his shirts up a little to provide more space. His cock slipped into the left leg of his shorts, the leg that would be facing Liz, and sat down.
A young waitress of no more than 18 came to take their order, she complimented Liz on her top before taking their order. Her eyes were glued on Liz's chest as she wrote it down, she blushed when she looked up and realised Liz was looking at her. They exchanged smiles, the waitress was very shy.
Liz leant towards Sean and put her hand on his left leg near the hem line. She flicked the head of his almost exposed cock. It was the first Sean was aware of how close he was to exposing himself.
"Is this for me?"
"It can be." He answered as he tugged the hem a little higher so the very tip peeked out. Liz pushed the material higher until it was resting behind the ridge around the head.
"That's more like it."
"Do you want me to get arrested for indecent exposure?" He said as Liz circled the tip with her finger and his cock began to swell.
"An innocent flash won't get you arrested, however if you keep growing like that you will." Liz said as his cock lifted above her finger's reach with her hand still on his leg.
The waitress returned with their cold drinks; her eyes followed Liz's arm to Sean's leg until she saw his cock head sticking out go his shorts leg. She blushed as she quickly turned her eyes to Liz's. Liz smiled as she nodded, and the waitress returned her gaze to Sean's cock before fumbling to put the drinks down and made a retreat.
"I think you scared her." Liz said.
"You did it."
"It's your cock, you control it." Liz said as she looked at his lap, the head bobbing up and down as his swelling cock attempted to stick skyward and was restrained by the leg of his shorts.
The waitress returned with their food and struggled to not stare at Sean's lap. She failed. The blush spread from her face to her the portion of her upper chest visible under her t-shirt. She retreated again.
Liz shuffled her chair a little closer to Sean and placed her hand on his cock. She circled the exposed head with her thumb and index finger then proceeded to rub her thumb over the tip while they ate and talked. By the time they were finished, and the waitress returned Liz had worked Sean's cock enough that beads of pre-cum had formed and either dripped to his thigh or been smeared across the gains to make it shine. The waitress noticed and stared as Liz continued to stroke the tip.
"He's huge." She said quietly before blushing realising that she had said it. The position of Liz's hand showing just how long Sean's cock was.
"Very." Liz replied with a grin as she rubbed another bead of pre-cum into his cock with her thumb.
The waitress couldn't take her eyes off the fat glands between Liz's fingers as she picked up plates and glasses before retreating.
"I'm surprised she didn't drop something." Sean said.
"I'm sure she would have if I had done this." Liz scooped up the pool of pre-cum from his leg on her fingers and licked them, "Mmm, yummy."
"Should we go?" Sean asked.
"Probably."
Sean stood up, making sure that his cock slid back into his shorts, his cock forming a bulge in the left leg of them. He went to pay for lunch and got the same waitress.
"Thank you for your service." Sean said as he handed his credit card over. The girl blushed and looked down only to see the bulge in his shorts.
"Thank you." She said shyly as she looked up at him and smiled and returned his card, "Enjoy the rest of your day."
"Thank you, we will."
Sean turned and walked back to Liz who smiled at him as his bulge lead the way, "I'm so horny we need to find somewhere to make use of this." She said as she rubbed her hand up and down his bulge, she noticed the waitress looking their way and winked to her before taking Sean's hand and turning away, as she did, she flipped her skirt up to reveal her naked butt to the waitress.
They walked to the beach and along the boardwalk looking for a quiet section, the day was so warm they soon decided that it was a losing battle. Sean suggested they head back to the botanical gardens, so they caught a tram back up St Kilda Road. It was a low floor design and so full of young people that they decided they should behave themselves. It didn't stop Liz from flashing any guy or girl she liked the look of though.
When they arrived at the gardens Sean remembered a little contemplation spot he had found once with a previous girlfriend. It was near the lake and the perfect spot to make-out if he remembered it correctly as you had to know about the path to find it. He took the most direct path he could remember, which was across the lawns. Liz took her sandals off to avoid sinking the heels into the turf. She handed them to Sean and started to dance, spin and skip along. As she skipped her skirt flipped up exposing her bare butt and pussy, she didn't care.
They came across a couple of girls doing cartwheels and handstands, caught up in the moment Liz joined them. She held her hands high, ready to tumble. Sean realised exactly what was going to happen, whipped his phone from his pocket and started to record in 240 frame per second slo-mo mode. He was expecting Liz to do a cartwheel then realise what she was doing, instead Liz did a handstand. Her skirt dropped over her waist exposing her nakedness as she pointed her toes to the sky. She was facing Sean and he recorded the perfect scene of her auburn heart on her pubic mound, now below her hair free cleft between her legs. She held the pose as Sean walked towards her, then when he was no more than 2m from her she spread her legs into a perfect inverted split.
Sean could hear the girls giggling and whispering "she has no panties on" behind him as Liz's outer pussy lips spread open to expose her slick inner lips, her clit and the inviting opening to her vagina before Liz lost her balance and collapsed to the lawn in a fit of giggles. Her skirt still up around her waist and pussy on display.
Sean stepped forward to offer a hand to help her up, Liz reached up and grabbed his cock and pulled him down to her instead and kissed him.
"Did you get it?" Liz asked as she saw Sean's phone in his hand.
"Sure did."
"Well, let me see."
Sean played the video. Liz gasped as she saw he had used slo-mo and how long her naked pussy was on display. She felt herself get wetter as she looked at her spread pussy and noticed some guys in the background of the video looking on from a distance.
"They wouldn't have seen much, would they?" Liz asked.
"That guy has a phone, if he zoomed in he would get a good look at your butt." Sean pointed out.
"Good luck to him. You got the best view." Liz said as she stroked his cock through his pants. Sean noticed the girls had run off and were doing more cartwheels further up the lawn.
"Now where is this spot you are taking to. I need this inside me."
Sean stood up and helped Liz to her feet. He eventually found the path, it was more overgrown than he remembered however obviously still used and led her to the edge of the lake. There was a clearing that was regularly used and currently vacant. It had three free standing tree stump stools in an arc near the water where the last visitors had left them and a view to the lake that was slightly obscured by some short reed grass on the edge. Sean sat on one of the stumps and Liz sat beside him.
"This is beautiful." Liz said as she watched a couple of paddle boats go by at about 25 metres from shore. She waved to the occupants who waved back. "Not so secluded though."
"If we move a stump this way the reeds are a little thicker." Sean pointed out. He stood up and moved it and sat down. Liz sat on his lap.
"That's better. Now get these off." Liz said as she stood up and unzipped Sean shorts.
"What if someone looks?"
"I'll share you with them. Now strip."
Sean stood up and dropped his shorts to the ground. He picked them up, folded them and placed them on one of the stumps. Liz put her hand on his shoulder and pushed him down to sit on the stump. Sean's cock was already sticking straight up from his lap. She grasped it and stroked as she turned around and straddled his lap. Her legs outside his. She reached her other hand between her legs as she moved her butt toward this lap and lined his cock up with her vagina. In one smooth movement she impaled herself on his cock and slid all the way down until her butt rested on his smooth hairless pubic bone. She let out a sigh.
"I need this." She said as she started to bounce up and down on his cock. One hand on his knee to balance herself and the other rubbing her clit. His cock stroked her G-spot as it passed in each direction. Liz gazed out over the water as she pleasured her vagina on Sean cock. Sean took hold of the sides of her skirt and held them to her sides to hold it out of the way and to stop himself falling backward off the stump.
A couple about their own age stopped their paddle boat about 20 metres away and appeared to look their way. Liz waved and kept pumping Sean's cock in and out of her pussy. The couple waved back as the girl said something to her guy. He nodded and pulled her to him for a kiss. His hand cupping her breast. Liz reached up to her own breast and pinched a nipple.
Sean's cock swelled inside her vagina as she clenched her muscles on each up stroke and released for the down stroke. Her need to cum growing with each stroke. Sean was starting to counter her movements and she could tell he was getting close too. She adjusted her position so that she got more G-spot pressure and started to clench her muscles constantly.
"I'm going to cum." Sean said as he felt his balls contract against the base of his cock.
"I'm close, can you hold?" Liz asked.
"For you, anything." Sean said as he clenched his muscles to hold off his orgasm.
Liz increased her speed of bouncing and noticed the couple were still watching, she seemed to have her phone in her hand.
"We're being watched." Liz told Sean; his cock seemed to swell at the news.
"Let them watch, hope they enjoy it."
Liz's vaginal muscles started to pulse on their own as she bounced on Sean's cock.
"I can't hold much longer." Sean told her.
"Just a... few more... seconds." Liz panted between contractions as she bounced harder until finally her body shook with her orgasm. It was more than Sean could handle, he let out a groan, his muscles clenched, his cock twitched and he shot a hot stream of cum high in Liz's vagina.
Liz felt the warmth deep inside as her muscles also clenched and her body started to shake as she shot a long stream of liquid between their feet. It passed through a beam of sunlight and almost glowed as it splashed on the ground. Sean shot another load of cum, and Liz squirted again before she took a quick rest sitting on Sean's lap. She then started to bounce slowly on his cock again and within a minute they were both shaking with a second orgasm each. Sean depositing more cum inside Liz as she squirted her juices on the ground. The couple in the paddle boat could be heard gently clapping as they looked on. Liz sat on Sean's lap again and waved. They waved back and paddled off.
Liz carefully lifted her pussy off Sean's cock and slid down his legs, a stream of his cum ran from her now stretched hole as she clenched her muscles. Sean ran a hand up and down her near naked back, his other hand holding her skirt up at the back as his still pulsing cock tapped at the cleft of her butt.
When Liz had stopped dripping, she stood up, turned around and straddled Sean's lap again. His still rigid cock spearing into her still open hole as she sat down.
"More?" Liz asked.
"As much as you want."
Liz reached behind her back, undid the zip on her skirt and lifted it up over her body. She was no naked waist down too. She started to bounce on Sean's cock again as she pulled his face to her breast with one hand and untied the halter neck with the other. Sean took the hint and sucked on her now exposed nipples and caressed her breasts as Liz rode his cock.
Liz enjoyed four more orgasms and accepted two more loads of cum as they listened to people walk along the main path near their hidden spot. It wasn't until Liz was resting after her last orgasm that they heard what might have been footsteps on the secluded path. Liz lifted herself off Sean's still firm cock and reached for her skirt. As she bent forward to pull it up her legs, she let out a vagina fart and a glob of cum landed on the ground behind her. They both started to laugh as they hurried to get decent while the sounds got closer.
Sean already had his shorts done up and was tying Liz's halter top behind her neck as she did up the skirt when a Lyrebird came into view. They laughed again as Sean pulled Liz into a hug and kissed her.
"Was this a good surprise?"
"For me or that other couple." Liz asked.
"I only care about you."
"Very nice surprise." Liz replied, "We should probably think about heading home though."
Sean looked at his watch, 5:30pm, "I guess you are right."
They took each other's hand and Sean led Liz back to the main path. Liz stopped bent over to put her sandals on while holding Sean's hand. He reached his free hand to her butt and ran a finger up the slick cleft between her labia.
"Get used to it." Liz said as she put on the second sandal, "Panties are only for work from now on."
Sean smiled as they walked hand in hand back towards their carpark, his cock leading the way.