(This is a two part vacation interlude. Concluded in part 05 to come)
Janey and I were regulars at the dogging park, accompanied by our husbands or each other or Randy on occasion. It was amazing how quickly we morphed from housewives to banging cum sluts but I got my training wheels in college and even though I loved it I buried it.
Now, not only was I out and available but my husband thought it was the greatest treat ever. If possible his never ending suggestion that I fuck whatever moves had, for his viewing pleasure, picked up intensity.
All he ever seemed to want to do in public is point out potential candidates to dominate me. I give him credit for his, excuse the pun, doggedness because he saw things I was oblivious to. I couldn't help but think he would have made a great pimp.
By and large, I avoided these suggestions of his as potentially embarrassing but more and more my inner-slut wanted to act on it. For him to offer me up to a stranger began to be reasonable in my mind. We were already doing it at the park anyway but he wanted it acted out in unexpected and riskier places. The grocery, the mall, a restaurant, the laundromat and on and on.
His constant obsession had him regularly escorting me to Randy's auto shop retreat for a 'tuneup'. Randy couldn't be happier, telling me all the time what a great guy Evan was. I knew it was sarcasm but I didn't care. I was getting a regular dose of what I wanted...Randy's cock.
Evan and I had a shot at a two week vacation and we took it. His job offered him an extra week in the summer if he worked through the Christmas holidays and we decided it would be more fun to have the extra time to burrow deeper into the culture, the sun and the surf, in this case the Bahamas.
Evan was so excited about getting out of his routine and having an entirely different experience. Jokingly he said, "I'll bet the park is going to miss us." To which I countered, "You mean, will miss me." He laughed but we both knew the truth. I was what drew the doggers to the park.
We considered flying but thought we might be able to get in more trouble if we took a cruise ship so we booked the dates and I went shopping for the skimpiest and sexiest bikinis I could find, what Evan called 'three postage stamps and a piece of string'.
Evan made it clear that this vacation would be different and more exciting sharing me with other men. "I've read that cruise ships are a breeding ground for men trolling for hot women. Married or otherwise."
I admit I didn't totally understand wife sharing and what Evan got out of it but I guess trying to comprehend another person's kink is a hopeless task. What made me want to be dominated? I let it go to the unknowable and felt fortunate our two parts of the puzzle complimented each other.
I promised Janey regular updates while we were gone. We'd grown closer by the day since we'd started dogging. We were on the same page of our sexuality and looked out for one another. "What am I going to do for two weeks without you? Masturbate?"
"Yes!!! And if you have the urge I'm sure Dave would be more than happy to take you to the park. Or Randy's just a text away. He likes you."
***
We boarded the ship on a Thursday and I was somewhat in awe of the immensity of the thing and the staggering number of people. Our cabin was small but nicely furnished. Evan and I tossed our bags and wandered the multiple decks.
Inevitably we stopped in at one of the lounges and did what any good passenger would do...order drinks. It was noon but time, as we found out, tends to become nonexistent. There's nowhere you need to be, nothing to be responsible for. As Evan's one track mind summed it up, this was a floating dogging park.
I was wearing what I considered cruise attire. Yellow bikini top, white tennis skirt and deck shoes. There were plenty of beautiful women, mostly couples, some families, but plenty of men, accompanied or otherwise. Sitting in the lounge relaxing with our libations Evan went right into scouting mode.
"Evan, geez can you give it a rest, we just got here?" I said trying to turn off his running commentary but to little avail.
"Chrissy, Chrissy, that guy by the end of the bar has had his sights on you since we sat down. Oh he's interested, definitely interested."
"Evan, not every guy that looks at a woman wants to fuck her."
That's where you're wrong, Chrissy, so wrong. I know my kind and their thoughts are ruled by their dicks whenever women are around. This is a fact, especially when the scenery is full of pretty girls like this place. Believe me, things are being thunk."
It wasn't that I disagreed with him but he made it seem like that was all men were equipped to do. And then our server brought over a drink for me, "from the guy at the end of the bar just because you're beautiful."
Evan leaned back in his chair with that smug 'I told you so' look on his face.
"Aren't you offended that he didn't send you a drink too?"
"No, why would I be offended? He was complimenting you not me. What am I gonna do, go over and kick his ass for admiring you and wishing you would fuck him in his cabin? He's done nothing to offend me except point out what good taste in women I have."
"You know I've had men buy me drinks before but never when my husband is right next to me. What am I supposed to do now?"
"Well you can nod, smile and do no more or you can go over and thank him personally. He's a fairly good looking guy, it's up to you."
"Aren't you supposed to be telling me what to do?"
"Not at the moment. It's more fun this way."
The tingling sensation between my legs made up my mind for me but as I walked over to him I thought how surreal was our first hour and a half on this ship.
With my hand out, "Hi, I'm Chrissy. Thanks for the drink and the compliment."
Taking my hand, "You're welcome, I'm Alistair," he said with a British accent. Looking around me he toasted Evan, "Your boyfriend?"
"Husband"
"Confident kind of fellow?"
"Ya, kinda. Let's just say he likes it when other men take an interest in me."
"Ahhhhhh, well there are others like him," he said, apparently knowing what I was referring to. "Say, would you and your husband like to have dinner with my wife and I tonight?"
This threw me seriously off kilter. I thought he was single or at least operating behind his wife's back but, no, she was on the cruise while he was trying to pick up other women? I stammered through a tentative 'yes'. "But let me ask my husband."
I went back to Evan and reiterated Alistair's offer. After being surprised he said, "Why not? There's something going on with this guy that we might want to know about. If I'm wrong and he's just a swell guy who occasionally picks up married women for sport, then at least we had dinner."
I went back to Alistair and we made plans for a seven o'clock meal. Turning to go, he took my hand once again. "Thank you, Chrissy, for making life a lot more pleasurable to look at." When he released my hand he brushed against my thigh.
He was incredibly charming and I blushed and went back to Evan. "I think you're right, there's something about that guy."
***
After spending the afternoon wandering through the ship we took a quick nap and dressed for dinner. We checked out the restaurant and, as we suspected, it was large like the other eateries on board but more intimate, upscale and mostly formal. Suits, ties and dresses. We brought mostly beachwear but also a couple of formal changes and sure enough that paid off.
I felt like I had to impress my new admirer so I wore a white draped gown, cut low as a feature presentation of my rack. But what was the show stopper were the sheer layers that gave the illusion that you were seeing through to my shapely rear...or was it an illusion?
"Babe! Oh my lord! You look good enough to get picked up in a bar by an Englishman." He laughed at his own joke but the bulge in his suit trousers told me I was on the right track. "Fuck, you look hot, Chrissy," he gushed before going out the door.
As soon as I saw Alistair's wife I understood his interest in me. He had a body type. Shapely, leggy, black hair off her shoulders, deep brown eyes and beautiful dark skin.
She rose to greet me in a cute little black dress with a belt, "Hi, I'm Alana. Alistair has told me all about you and his rude behavior in the bar. Although, I'll say, he definitely has good taste."
"Not rude at all," I answered, "I'm always flattered when a man looks at me."
"And what do you think of that, Evan?" she asked him. "Are you good with the looks?"
Keep in mind that other than the brief introductions Alistair had barely said a word.
"To be perfectly honest," said Evan, "I love it. I'm sure you get your share of attention. You're gorgeous."
Interjected, Alistair, "If there are no objections I'd like to offer to cover everyone's particular personal poison starting with an excellent wine for the table."
No one objected and the drink was flowing, leaving us to talk more freely than might be expected from new acquaintances. The dinner was excellent and we talked about our lives and backgrounds. Leave it to my sometimes brash husband to ask the obvious questions....
"Alistair, just out of curiosity, what made you think all would go well with buying my wife a drink. You know, most men might have challenged you on that one."
"But you didn't," Alistair said confidently.
"But I might have."
"I've gotten quite skilled at reading body language and from the moment you entered the bar with this beauty you spent time checking out other men's reactions to her. You were clearly not threatened but prideful, almost excited."
"Wow...and minutes before you sent that drink over I told Chrissy you were checking her out."
"Well then, it seems we have complimentary skills," said a clearly amused Alistair.
"But how did you know you could have Chrissy?"
I blushed again.
"She showed me by the way she spoke and held my hand. The mere act of coming over to thank me said volumes."
"You'll pardon my husband," interjected Alana, "he thinks he's a detective."
"So," Evan continued, "you're swingers and want to swap wives?"
"Yes, you're right there but something more."
"What?" Evan asked bluntly.
"Well, I have six male business friends on this ship. They are mostly from different countries and tonight at eleven they're gathering in our cabin, it's a large double. I've promised them they can play with Alana while I watch. She, and the men, like it better if there are two girls so Chrissy, are you interested? Of course, Evan is welcome to join me."
That, as you might imagine, stopped the conversation in its tracks and everyone looked at everyone else until Evan broke the silence.
"Chrissy?"
"Tell me what to do."
Deliberately stopping time he paused and said in a strong tone, "I want you to give yourself to these men."
I turned to Alistair and said, "Yes, I'd love to."
"That's wonderful," said Alistair. "Alana?"
"Chrissy, would you like to come up to our cabin and try on some lingerie? I've got some new pieces you'd look stunning in. We'll play dress up!"
"Sure!" I said, truly excited by where this was all going. I loved it when Evan took charge of me. My pussy was having a wet holiday.
We got to Alana's cabin and it must have cost plenty since it was easily twice the size of ours with double king beds and well appointed. These people had money, plenty of money to be hosting a gangbang for friends.
"I know a couple of the men, both of them French. Well I should say they know me and they're nice gentlemen. Of course, I like it a little better when they're not such gentlemen."
We laughed.
As she laid out several pieces on the bed I noticed that they still had tags on. She got very close behind me and in the sexiest voice I think I'd ever heard, "I think we're close in size so take whatever you want, Chrissy. I'll help you off with your dress."
That she did and it was so erotic I felt like I was being fucked. She helped me on and off with every garment whether it was necessary or not. Just before getting into a bra she paused and caressed my breast. "Our guests are going to love you that is for sure."
"They are going to love us," I corrected her.
"I hope you don't mind me touching you. I can stop if you wish. I just appreciate a woman's body."
"No," I assured her, "your touch is like velvet."
Eventually, we settled on a simple red lace bra and panty set, sheer baby doll negligée, white thigh highs and I retrieved the 'fuck me' pumps from my cabin.
As we looked in the mirror at the final product Alana said, "Their cocks will jump out of their pants when they see you."
Alana wore a leopard print bra and panty, black stockings and the regulation stilettos.
At around ten thirty the boys came up from the lounge looking like the best of pals. They pulled up a couple of chairs at the foot of the beds, setting a cognac bottle between them.
"Now when my friends get here I will do all the talking. You girls will do whatever they want and I've put out some lubricant if that becomes an issue. I hope we will all have a great time."
There was a knock at the door. Alana and I sat back against the headboard of our respective bed. I was shaking with anticipation.
"Henri, my old friend!" "Gabriel! So nice to see you!" "Peter, I'd like you to meet my friend Evan." After ten minutes or so and everyone's arrival, "Let me introduce you to the girls!"
Alana stood and went into a sexy pose so I did the same. There was a lot of chatter about us and some of the men began to undress. Jackets and ties were strewn anywhere.
"Gentlemen, on the left is my wife, the delectable Alana." More chatter, sometimes in another language. "And on the right is Evan's wife, the delicious, Chrissy. These girls have been so kind as to offer themselves to you and your every wish." Their response sounded like a low group moan. The kind you'd make, given a chocolate cake and a fork.
"Three guys to each girl and at some point I'll ask you to switch but that will be my fun call to make." Laughter.
Very quickly I was surrounded with three men, kissing me and feeling me up everywhere. In some ways it was a more controlled version of the groups at the dogging park. I was surprised at how quickly I orgasmed.
Our clothes made an attractive presentation but were gone in a hot minute. They were a ravenous group made to wait all day to have us. Their moans, mine included, sounded like a drone punctuated by an occasional comment, "fucking beautiful," "can't wait to fuck you," "like my finger up your ass?" "Mmmmmm."
I sat on the edge of the bed while they surrounded me, holding out their stiff cocks, wanting only to shove them down my throat. In turn they face fucked me, helping each other to hold the back of my head down. This went on longer than I expected until the man named Henri went down on me. When he came up and looked at me his face was covered with my cum juices. He smiled, "Delicious." I smiled in return.
I was so turned on I couldn't wait any longer. I needed their cocks. "Fuck me, fuck me!!! I'm begging you, fuck me!!!"
I heard Evan say, "Oh shit, Chrissy." Between the bodies I had glimpses of he and Alistair jerking off wildly. "Fuck her, Henri!!!" Evan kept saying.
Henri, inspired by the gallery, hurriedly penetrated my sloppy wet cunt while I sucked the other two men. I was lost in the energy. I couldn't see Alana but I could hear her voice pleading and screaming.
I was now riding Henri when a hand shoved me in the back and another man swiped some lube on my hole and, with no introduction, pushed the head of his cock into my asshole. I groaned as he drove it all the way in. The third man put his cock in my mouth.
I could hear Evan repeatedly saying, "Fuck my wife, oh shit, fuck her!"
All my holes were filled and I just wanted more cock. The assfucker switched places with the dick I was sucking. Henri and the other man fucked me hard and I yelled, "Harder!" as a cascading orgasm spread over me from head to toe.
I heard Alana cum about the same time.
"Okay," announced Alistair, "finish on your girl and we'll take a break for a glass of fine cognac."
My guys were close anyway so they left their cum across my back and in my mouth, which I happily swallowed. It was the most civilized gangbang I could imagine. Alana and I were handed cognac snifters and we went to the bathroom to clean off the cum and reapply our makeup. We even put our lingerie back on to entertain our new guests.
Evan said to me, "The way you can fuck, baby. These guys are out of their minds over you."
I tickled his chin, "You like it when your sexy hotwife fucks for you?"
"God, yes!! We need to do it even more. You're amazing."
"All you have to do is say when and where."
The last line stopped him from talking and he just stood there with his mouth open.
"Ladies and gentlemen," announced Alistair, "please switch partners and enjoy yourselves. I know Evan and I are."
My new threesome was rougher than the first group. They pulled my hair often, dragging me in different positions and routinely smacked my bottom. Gabriel, the largest of the men, handled me like a rag doll. Taking over my entryway from the first man. Gabriel spun me around and over on my hands and knees, pushing my head down on the bed, leaving my rear in the air. He fucked me repeatedly and hard in both my pussy and my ass. My fingernails dug into the bed spread.
He was my favorite of the six who had used me. I came twice with Gabriel. The second time they spit roasted me and the third man slid his head under me and sucked my tits. It was a sensory overload and I climaxed intensely, my body spasming with pure pleasure.
By the time Alistair called an end to the affair Alana and I had taken a ton of cock and eaten multiple loads of cum. As Gabriel stood over me and let loose one final volley of spunk on my face, my eye caught Evan maniacally cumming on Alana. She smiled as his cum splashed across her chin.
Then after Alistair's announcement he came over and did essentially the same to me. I licked it from around my mouth and told him, "Thank you." That encouraged him to work every last drop from his cock.
On the way back to our cabin, once more in my gown from dinner, Evan asked me if I enjoyed myself. I told him I was satisfied beyond belief and then I paused for effect, "at least for tonight."
"Well tomorrow you're gonna get off again because we're swinging with Alistair and Alana. Look at how much we have changed. I didn't know how much I wanted a girl like you when I married you. Does that sound weird?"
"And I thought I was being the wife you wanted when all I was doing was denying both of us. So what do you think of your little cum slut?"
"I think you're the best Hotwife ever and I love you."
"We're perverts you understand that, right? You're in love with a pervert?"
My phone dinged as we were walking. I read the text to myself and then aloud for Evan.
The text read, 'We get off at our next docking tomorrow. I want you tonight. Gabe, cabin 935'
"Well, well, well, looks like somebody has the hots for my girl and is bold enough to ask."
"What do you want me to do?" I asked as a good submissive.
"You've been fucking all evening so I'm leaving it up to you."
I texted Gabe back with regrets but I was too tired. 'Loved your eight inches of rock hard cock in me. Another time? Chrissy 💕' I told Evan I declined and was staying in with him.
At 3am with Evan fast asleep, I made a visit to cabin 935.
(to be continued...)