You may remember from my previous stories that he likes to look up my skirt. With the summer weather coming, I'm able to wear shorter skirts with no stockings. I still haven't been brave enough to go pantiless. Maybe someday soon. We'll see.
This past Saturday, the temperature was supposed to be in the 70's, no rain. We were planning on going to the local performing arts center, for what they advertise as a hilarious take on all of Shakespeare's plays, in two hours. We had some joint errands to run during the day, so I got to his house early, around 11:30 am.
I brought a change of clothes for the evening. He helped me carry them into the house. We get done with the errands, and are relaxing, researching investments on the internet. I'm having a hard time finding that one stock that will make me rich.
It's time to get ready for the evening. I decided to wear a mid-thigh length white skirt and matching top with red and blue tulips on them. With the Fourth of July coming up on Thursday, I was feeling patriotic, and horny. I like turning him on, because then I get fucked. I like it when he fucks me. I am also wearing matching beige panties and bra and 3 inch high heels.
We go to the garage to leave. He opens the car door for me. As I get in, I spread my legs a little bit. With a tight skirt, I'm not sure what kind of view he got. He gets in, starts the car, pulls out of the garage. His hand starts moving up my leg. I like it. Higher, higher. He finally reaches my panties. I wonder if he can tell if they are wet. That darn traffic. He needs both hands on the steering wheel so he withdraws his hand.
We reach the parking garage. He goes around, opens the car door for me. Again, I try to give him a show, but the tight skirt didn't ride very high. Close. He still looks. We walk the two blocks to the center. We pass the Mexican restaurant we like on the way. It is in the same building. He asks if eating there after the show would be ok. I say yes.
We get to the show. It is hilarious. He even likes it, and he is not a Shakespeare person like I am. His hand is holding mine for most of the performance, on my lap. I like that. There are too many people for him to put his hand up my skirt. Besides, we're in the second row. Too many people could see.
We go to the restaurant afterward. It is around 9:45 pm and the restaurant is almost full. We get a table against the wall in the front. As we're walking to the table, we notice some groups and people with sombreros on. Must be a birthday party, as that happened to me two years ago.
We take our seats at a table for two, sitting opposite each other. I order a glass of wine. Then we order dinner. We talk about the play and how the theater was only one third full. A shame, as the performance was excellent. We talk some more, finish dinner. The tickets to the performance are good for a dessert at the restaurant. Perhaps that is why he suggested eating there. He likes his desserts.
We mention this to the waitress and she says only one dessert per table. Oh well, one is better than nothing. We get it to go, as the dinner was filling. The check comes and he pays it. Then, I have an idea. People have been leaving and tables have opened up. No one is coming in to fill them.
I take my wine glass and go over to the table behind and across the aisle from me. The waitress did say one dessert per table, and I'm at another table. With the noise and distance, we can't hear each other talk.
Another idea comes to me, for a different type of dessert. I look around, note that no one else has a view. I slowly spread my legs. Widening them so he gets a great view all the way up my skirt. If he didn't see my panties while getting in and out of the car, he sees them now. I keep my legs spread. The seating is right where no one else can see.
I slowly cross my legs, then uncross them. Not only is he getting a view, he is looking for the waitress. She never does show up. I unbutton the top button on my blouse. Legs still spread wide. The second button is undone. I see him squirming in his chair. Not enough light to see if he has a bulge in his pants. He motions that we should go.
We get up and walk back to the car. No one is on the street, so I unbutton the third button. This gives him a view of the curvature of my breast, nipple covered by the bra. He almost trips while looking down my blouse.
We get to the car. I make sure he sees up my skirt this time. He gets in, leans over and kisses me. He puts his hand inside my blouse, inside my bra, rolling the nipple between his fingers. This turns me on. I'm wet already, and this adds to it.
On the drive home, he takes some side streets. His hand goes inside my blouse again. My hand goes to his lap. I can feel the bulge. I unhook his slack. Then, unzip them. He raises his hips and pulls them down. I put my hand on his hard cock and start stroking him. I guess the flashing works.
I keep stroking him. Then, undo my seatbelt, lean over and take him in my mouth. My lips stay around the tip, going up and down. The car does stay on the road. The I take him deeper into my mouth. About halfway down the shaft, I stop and come back up. I swirl the tip with my tongue. Then, take all of him in my mouth. He likes it. Rats, a car is coming up behind us. Can't suck him any more.
He starts stroking himself. I like to watch him masturbate. I like to stroke him to, so I move his hand and substitute mine with it. With the car and then another behind us, that is all we can do. We reach his house, open the garage door and pull in. The garage door closes and I go back to sucking his cock. He asks whether he should cum in my mouth or wait and cum inside me. A dilemma. I like both. I decide on him cumming inside me.
We get out of the car before the automatic light goes off. We head upstairs. Usually, we each head to our respective bathrooms to freshen up. But this time, he stops me and leads me to the bedroom. We kiss. He unbuttons the rest of the blouse. Takes it off me. Undoes the hooks on my bra, takes it off me. He asks me to take off my panties, leaving on the skirt and heels. I do as requested. He asks that I lay on the bed and spread my legs. More upskirt viewing. I do. He asks if I would start rubbing myself, I do. (sidenote: I like to masturbate). He gets undressed as I pleasure myself. When all his clothes are off, he starts stroking himself. We watch each other, getting more turned on.
When neither of us can stand watching any more, he joins me on the bed. My legs are spread, skirt and heels still on. I see his hard cock just outside my now dripping pussy. I want it in me. I guide his cock in. He goes in slowly, comes out. In and out.
Suffice it to say, I had many orgasms and was filled with cum. Cum was still floating around in me the next day. I will say, the effect of my flashing him turned us both on. I had my own fireworks for an early Fourth of July celebration.