Now, let's look back to the time when Sandra entered university - quite soon she was somewhat of a local celebrity among her peers. She chose to be so - although in a comparatively careful way, Sandra needed to be exposed.
She craved the humiliation; she craved the complete lack of privacy. The idea of her - well - private parts being private was foreign to her. Now, Sandra's whole grown-up life was shaped by - nudity, self-induced abuse, cunt stretching, exhibitionism, a hunger for the extreme.
Sandra's First Apartment
It was the apartment nobody else wanted - when the real estate guy showed it to Sandra, he already knew, that she would shoot him down just like all the other guys and girls before. Who in his right mind would want an apartment like this - right on the main street leading to university, opposite the bus stop, ground level.
Yes, of course - the noise was a problem for most. But that was not it: Whoever came up with the idea to turn this place into an apartment, was not in his right mind.
Originally, it had been a fashion store. And that explains the layout of the place: It really was one quite large room, with a tiny kitchenette in the back and a little bathroom. The shower was - due to lack of space in the bathroom - in the main room.
Yes, it was kind of stylish, a very open layout one might argue. And it would have been, had it not been for one downside: The windowfront. It never was supposed to be an apartment, so the whole wall facing the street was - not a wall but a giant window.
Of course, you could use curtains or blinds to completely close it down, but then it was just a dark, boring place.
So, the real estate guy had no hope, this beautiful 20-year-old girl would have any interest in renting this particular place, despite the low price. Sandra came there, after already having checked a variety of places - all of which she found boring and useless for her lifestyle.
When she arrived there, the real estate guy was happy: Yes, he would not sign a deal, but at least he got to ogle this bombshell. Her nubile body was barely hidden by the clothing she wore on this spring day: A short skirt from some white, lacy material barely covered her bum, showing off her slim, tender legs.
The top she wore - now, it was not obscene from a distance. Yes, it hung quite low, showing off an ample amount of cleavage. And yes, it was kind of transparent - but not too obscene. That's what the guy thought, until Sandra bent over ever so slightly, giving him a full view of her tender 20-year-old boobs and the stiff nipples.
As Sandra paced through the apartment, the man was quite speechless. As she squatted down to inspect some part of the window (God knows what she was looking at and - God knows he did not care) he had a prime-time view of not only her beautiful boobs, but her completely exposed pussy.
No, definitely no panties were hiding his view, as Sandra squatted down with her legs spread widely. He was in luck, that much he knew.
And Sandra took her sweet time exploring the apartment - even stepping into the shower, as if to see if it would be big enough to be comfortable. Impressed by the careless beauty, the man finally found his words: Of course, you know - you have to imagine it when it is furnished.
You can - put a shelf in front of the window, and there, there will be curtains. Oh, and a shower curtain, of course! The man nervously giggled, as Sandra waltzed through the apartment with a big grin on her face. Where do I sign?
Just two days later she moved in - now, being a young student, she did not have to bring much furniture. A bed, a desk, two wardrobes, and a big mirror. That's all she had and that's all she needed. Her clothing also was stored away quickly - given that it consisted mostly of very light skirts, dresses, and blouses - and only two pairs of panties but no bras - it did not take Sandra long to settle in.
The bed, she told her friends who helped her move, she would place right in the middle of the room. Telling something about the feng shui, she got them to place the wardrobes in the back of the room, and the mirror right next to the simple bed.
When she finally ushered them out of the apartment it was late afternoon on a Thursday. The sun was shining nicely into the place, warming it up just right. Sandra was happy - her first apartment. Close to university. Cheap. Spacious. And - an exhibitionist dream.
Now, with this apartment there was just no POSSIBILITY for her to hide anything of her body. I mean - there would be. She could use curtains. Furniture. Blinds. Shutters. Anything. But no - she saw no possibility to hide her body from the world.
And so, she embraced it. On this Thursday afternoon, she found she deserved a nice, warm shower before heading out on the street. It was busy outside - the bus stop on the opposite side of the street had a couple dozen of students waiting for the bus - always late, always, as she knew.
Smiling, Sandra stood in the middle of the spacious room and took off her clothing. It was not much, but more than usual due to the move. She had worn a regular crop-top shirt and some tiny shorts. Yes, she knew - of course her ass cheeks were hanging out, and at a certain angle one might have even gotten a good view at her wet pussy.
But now it was time for a shower - stripping off her clothing, she finally stood naked in the middle of the room - in front of the huge window, that offered not an ounce of privacy. And she sighed from relief - that was what she wanted.
Noticing the many eyes on her naked body, the people waiting for the bus, the students hurrying by just a few meters and a wall of glass separated from her, she was ready for her shower.
Stepping into the shower, she turned on the water, well aware that she provided an amazing view of her naked - and wet - body to the crowd. But soon she realized something:
But before a girl can shower, she needs her soaps, her gels, her feel-good supply. So, she stepped out of the shower, not bothering to dry herself first, she started waltzing through the room, bending over again and again, seemingly looking for all her beauty supplies.
After five minutes of looking around she gave up - she must have forgotten to bring her beauty bag. What a misery, given how much she looked forward to the shower.
Thankfully, she knew, there was a sweet little drugstore right next door. That's not too much of a hassle, right? Thinking quickly, she grabbed one of her white blouses that came down to just above her tender pussy, and put it on. Not bothering with too many of the buttons, she grabbed her credit card and key and was out of the door.
No shoes - and the flimsy material of the white blouse turned transparent immediately. Not, that it would have hidden much to begin with: It was too short to cover her pussy, covering not even the upper part of her butt cheeks in the back. Now, her tits were covered - by mostly transparent material, of course.
To the stares and whistles of the busy afternoon crowd, she ran towards the store next door. As the store clerk could barely believe what he saw, she grabbed a few products she thought to be useful, and paid. Confidently, she strode back the short walk towards her apartment.
Opening the door, she did not bother to lock it behind her. Instead, she dropped the blouse on the floor as she walked through the door, and headed straight back to the shower.
Enjoying the warm water on her skin, Sandra started soaping up her beautiful body. Running her hands over her soft body, and feeling the eyes of the more or less speechless crowd outside her window, she felt hornier and hornier. Now, of course she could just masturbate there in the shower, for everyone to see what she was doing, but - was that what she wanted?
It wasn't. Not really, at least. So instead, she finished her shower routine, only to dry herself off with a huge towel, that she carelessly dropped to the floor.
Acting as if she was not aware of the fact that she was definitely in public, she walked slowly through the room, only to look at herself in the mirror. Admiring the view, she twisted and turned to get a good look at her naked body. Standing with her legs spread apart nicely, she ran her fingertips over the skin of her body.
Facing away from the street, Sandra stretched - it felt good after the long day to finally relax. Stretching, she wiggled her cute little bum, only to right afterwards bend over, with her legs straight.
Seemingly just stretching her body - in such an innocent way - she was well aware of the amazing view of her wet pussy and her pink asshole, she just provided to the whole street. Thus - she remained in this position what must have been a minute.
Satisfied, Sandra plopped down on her bed - still naked of course. Now, the bed faced the street, giving Sandra a good view of the busy scenery - and the busy scenery a good view of Sandra. Or rather - a good view up Sandra's slim legs and her pussy.
Being in a good mood, she decided to continue what she had just started in the shower. With her right hand, Sandra started to massage her pussy lips, increasingly spreading her legs as far as she could.
Now she knew - in this position, the growing crowd outside had an almost gynealogical view of her exposed pussy. And, that is what she wanted. Masturbating more and more furiously, Sandra started to moan louder and louder, pulling her pussy open, she started to insert first two and soon four fingers into her cunt.
Now, it did not take her long to come, as she jammed nearly her whole hand into her cunt faster and faster. And when she came - she was sure her audience would remember her for a long time.
Pulling her hand out of her pussy, she left her legs spread wide and her pussy gaping. She was - for the moment satisfied and ready to go out. Still not acknowledging the crowd that had gathered at the bus stop outside her window, Sandra took a tiny white dress and slipped it over her naked body.
And with this - within a few seconds she was dressed and ready to go. Only one minute after coming down from a mind-shattering orgasm, Sandra stepped out onto the street. Again, she did not bother to lock the door, taking only her phone with her.
Now, the same people who just witnessed her masturbate furiously were the ones surrounding her, as she decided to take the bus. Nobody dared to say a word to Sandra, as she enjoyed being in the middle of the crowd to whom she had just provided such a decadent view.
And truth be told - she still provided them with quite a decadent view. The dress was quite sheer - and even more so in the bright afternoon sunshine.
The way she slipped the short dress on, she also did not bother to pull it all the way down, so the material mostly gathered around her hips, leaving her lower half completely exposed. What a day to be alive, Sandra smiled.
And that's what became Sandra's rhythm for the next days and weeks: Using every chance she got, to be naked in her apartment. To masturbate in front of the huge windows. To do stretching exercises either in front of the mirror or on her bed, with an increasing crowd gathering in front of the huge window.
Increasingly, she also was not satisfied at all with her normal masturbating routine. Her fingers, the dildos and vibrators - they did not seem to be doing the trick anymore. It did not seem obscene enough anymore, to jam an oversized dildo into her cunt, with a couple dozen of people at the busy street watching her. No, she wanted more.
So, she became more and more creative, craving not just the exhibition, but also the humiliation, the degradation. Of course, at this stage everybody knew that there was a crazy nudist girl with no inhibitions living right next to university.
And the bus stop had turned into one of the most popular places around there, as did the cafe with the outside sitting area.
But she wanted to be remembered for more - remembered for being brutal against herself, remembered for being abusive of herself, remembered for having an over-stretched and ruined cunt - that everybody gets to see.
So, her nightly sessions became more and more extreme. She figured that while during the day she already provided a very beautiful and sensual image of her body, the nights were even better. With all the lights on - and two of them centered right at her bed, she was able to give the most intimate view of her naked and abused body.
Every day she found new objects to ram into her increasingly lose cunt. Thankfully, there was a quite popular little supermarket just a few buildings further. And she enjoyed that: Her routine saw her going to the supermarket, where she already was a regular.
She made it a point, to only buy stuff there that was meant to end up in her own cunt: bottles, some assorted vegetables, bananas, beer cans, and soon some other more particular items.
Coming back from the supermarket, she soon turned it into a habit to strip out of her (quite minimal) clothing before stepping through the door of her apartment. There, she immediately got into position on her bed, making sure the light illuminates her body and especially her cunt nicely.
Thanks to the constant exposure, her arousal was also constant - so without much foreplay she usually was able to at least jam a beer bottle straight into her cunt.
And as the evening progressed, not only did the crows outside her window grow, but also the show got wilder usually. Soon, one bottle was not enough, instead Sandra started to use Zucchinis of increasing size.
When this also was not enough, she resorted to jamming two objects at once in her cunt. Her favorite part - well, apart from the constant cumming - was probably the amazing feeling of her gaping pussy, when she ripped whatever objects, she had jammed in there, out of her cunt.
Doing her best to hold her cunt open for as long as possible, she was more than happy to provide everybody with a quite detailed view of the inside of her cunt.
And every evening - as her show came to an end, she made it a point to go out on the street, making sure the crowd that just got an intimate view only a gynecologist should have, also got to experience her close on.
Most of the time she did not bother with real clothing, just putting on a short t-shirt, or just wrapping a towel around her, as she went for a quick walk.
Sandra's life was not private anymore. No, at age 20 she had made sure, that everybody even remotely close to her, knew everything about her and knew every inch of her naked body. She lost track of how many people must have ogled her body, how many people were coming together every day to watch her shower, to watch her masturbate, to watch her ruin her cunt.
No, there was probably nobody at university left who had not seen her naked and in all her glory. Of course - she slept naked every night, with at least one light on, to illuminate her naked body.
Even when she was asleep, she agreed with herself, she needed to be fully available to the public eye. This took even more control away from her, having no chance to even know who was watching her.
All this - while hoping that somebody (somebody with a dirty, rotten mind, ideally) would realize that her door was never locked. That she was not just free to be looked at - but to be used.
And it did not take too long for this to happen. It was middle of November, a few months into the semester, and Sandra had already developed quite a reputation at university. The cheerful - and usually half-naked girl - was popular with all the boys in her classes.
No wonder, not a day passed by where she did not give everybody a show. From accidentally dropping her dress right before the lecture to spreading her legs to show her panty less pussy she always was game. Of course, it also might have helped that she usually made herself available.
Making herself available - that's what Sandra called it. What it really was? After classes were done, she usually was the first one to leave the room or the hall, only to start stripping already in the hallway on her way to the men's room.
There, naked as she was, she assumed one of her two favorite positions: laying down naked on the dirty floor or an advanced doggystyle position, with her tender face resting on the pissoir. It usually did not take her too long - within a minute or two the room was usually filled with students taking advantage of her luxurious body.
Now, the boys were usually not too creative. Yes, they did fuck her one after the other, and she made sure they all deposited their sperm deep inside her waiting cunt, but - that was about it. No creativity, no real humiliation.
However, Sandra did enjoy knowing that she was available for every man on campus - and knowing that every man knew. Over the first two months she must have received a few hundred loads of cum in her young pussy. That was a good start.
However - all this did not make her to popular with the girls. Why would any of the boys want to date them, if they get to fuck the hottest girl on campus every day?
So, a few of them decided to give Sandra what she deserves: To be ruined, to be humiliated, to be destroyed - forever. They would show the world how worthless Sandra and her cunt really were, how worthless and disgusting.
So, on November 17th, Sandra came back to her apartment. Like any good girl, she stripped off her clothing (a big wooly scarf that was definitely never intended to be worn as a dress) at the entrance, before entering her unlit apartment.
As she turned on the light, she was greeted by three quite angry looking girls: Carolyn, Kathy, and Jen. The three girls had come prepared, of course - and throw the naked Sandra down on the ground. Not that Sandra put on any fight, she was hoping something like this to happen. Nonetheless, the girls had a decent plan in mind.
While two of them pinned Sandra down, Jen took out a strong piece of rope and started tying her up. Sandra's legs were stretched back to her shoulders, leaving her in the most vulnerable (and uncomfortable position).
Like this, they tied her up really good, as they laughed, making sure her asshole and cunt were in a good position to be displayed - and abused. Tying Sandra's hands behind her back, her little chest was struck out, her legs spread and tied back, it was evident: Her body was for public use.
And that's exactly what the girls had in mind for Sandra on this early winter night. It was cold outside - the first snow had fallen a few days ago. No, they were not just going to fuck her - or display her in any kind of decent-ish way.
They would show the world, that Sandra was lower than any prostitute, that she was just a piece of fuckmeat. With an evil grin, the girls started to take turns slapping Sandra's exposed cunt.
While all of this happened, Sandra was in bliss. Yes, the pain in her cunt was nice. But that's not it: The lights in her apartment were on, she was in a helpless position - and the whole world got to see it.
She loved every second of it, as Carolyn and Kathy took turns aiming for Sandra's clit with their slaps. Enough! Hold her cunt open really good for me, hissed Jen.
And then Carolyn and Kathy happily complied. Spreading Sandra's cunt lips to expose her tender meat, Jen started to slap her again, this time aiming for Sandra's most vulnerable parts.
Slap after slap the girl let out all her anger, making sure to turn Sandra's cunt into a purple red color, while Sandra became wetter and wetter with the second. After a while, the girls seemed to be satisfied with the outcome: Sandra was screaming from a mixture of pleasure and pain, her pussy was swollen, gaping, and sore.
Perfect. With an evil smirk, Carolyn produced three clothespins of various sizes. The first one she slipped with one quick - and painful motion - on Sandra's engorged clit, making her scream on the top of her lungs.
The other two clothespins got attached to Sandra's pussy lips. When Carolyn was happy with the way they were attached and that they held well (she tested by pulling and twisting), Kathy attached a thinner rope to them.
Working her magic, she pulled the rope around Sandra's abused body, stretching her cunt lips open as far as possible. Finally satisfied, they looked at Sandra: as exposed as humanly possible, the most inner parts of her cunt fully exposed.
Probing, she shoved three fingers into Sandra's overstretched cunt, realizing joyfully that she could easily reach her cervix like this. Pounding away happily, she enjoyed tormenting Sandra like this, knowing how painful her fingers must feel against her cervix.
After a few minutes, the three girls lifted up Sandra: her petite frame offered no resistance to the three girls. Joyfully they carried Sandra out of her apartment, exposed for the world to see and shivering in the cold. E
very few meters they stopped, as men and women alike wanted to get a good look at the overly exposed girl. A few onlookers took great joy shoving their (most of the time freezingly cold) hands in her cunt.
And nobody took any consideration of Sandra's well-being at this point, as they all knew - she was theirs for the taking.
So, over the next hour the freezing Sandra was carried around and offered to strangers. Some just pushed a few fingers into her cunt, while others jammed their whole hand into her. In particular, the men wearing leather gloves seemed to take great delight in stretching out her cunt:
Jesus man, look at this. Every time I pull out my fist, you can see all the way into her, see that. Even her cervix is pulsating.
And it was true: Sandra came over and over again, as freezingly cold hands were shoved into her waiting hole. No, hygiene was nobody's concern, as she was fisted over and over again.
Reaching a small park, the girls had another idea. Putting Sandra's exposed body on a halfway snow-covered park bench, they found something exciting: Snow. But not any old snow, rather the one turned yellow from dog piss.
With a particularly cruel smile, Kathryn took a big ball of deeply yellow snow (she was wearing gloves, of course), only to start dropping it right on Sandra's completely open cunt. Using her glove-clad fingers, Kathryn pushed the fast-melting snow deep into Sandra's exposed cunt.
What a feeling - filling the abused hole of their archenemy with what boiled down to be - dog piss. As the ice-cold snow melted into Sandra's abused and hurting cunt, it slowly started to seep out of her.
What Sandra had not yet noticed - pictures and videos were taken of the whole ordeal. So, the world would soon know: Yes, Sandra's cunt at some point was filled with dog piss. But even better: The world would know, that she loved it.
A cunt filled with dog piss, shivering from the cold, she came - again and again, as the humiliation sank in. The crowd of people around made it even better, as Sandra knew she was watched.
People came forward and started tormenting her body with the cold snow - making sure her nipples and clit (still with the clothespin attached) got their fair share of attention. One man stepped forward after a while - grinning, he pulled behind him a big Rottweiler.
If the bitch wants, she can get it straight from the source. And how overjoyed Sandra was - she begged the man to allow the dog to piss right into her cunt. Before he could guide the dog closer to do his deed, however, Sandra asked to stop.
Pleading she looked at her tormenters: Please... please, I need this, I need this so bad. Please, please make sure it's as intense as it can be. I need all of this piss in my cunt. I need it to be filled, I need it to be deep inside me. Please... you have to make this work!!
Dumbstruck, the three girls barely knew what to do, but they happily were willing to comply. If Sandra wanted a cunt full of dog piss, she was bound to get one: Taking turns, the girl started to shove their fists into Sandra's cunt, making sure she was as loose as possible.
At one point, they even managed to get two of their fists into Sandra's cunt - leaving it gaping open obscenely as they ripped out their fists. Now - and only now - Sandra was ready.
And so was the Rottweiler - lifting his hindleg, and with the help of his proud owner, after a moment the hot doggy piss hit Sandra's exposed hole. As within seconds it filled up with the hot steaming liquid, it started to leak down to her asshole, staining the snow beneath Sandra in a deep, dark yellow. Sandra was in heaven - how much lower could she sink.
As she wondered, and as the stream of piss came to an end, she was about to find out. Open your mouth, bitch, Jen demanded, as she took the fresh yellow snow only to push it into Sandra's waiting mouth.
Hungrily, Sandra consumed the dog-piss-stained snow, swallowing it down as fast as she could only to demand more. She was in heaven - and the whole world would know what she really was.
And this is how Sandra's year went on. She alternated between nights like this one - and weeks where she would do her best to upset everybody around her enough for more abuse.
With time her exposure became even more brazen: She would show up to university classes wearing only a long-ish white shirt, unbuttoned for the bigger part.
No, there was no way to hide her beautiful pussy or her tender butt in this outfit. And as these regular exposures did not seem to be enough anymore, she started adding to her look.
And she was creative when it came to this. Some days she made sure her pussy was not just exposed, but shiny with her own juices.
Other days, she made sure that her body was half covered in cum, when she showed up at university. But her favorite thing, really, was to try and expose as much of her pussy as possible, and in as vulgar as possible.
So, with time, she found new ways to showcase who she really was. Yes, she had showed up in a dress that was actually a negligee before.
And yes, every single day had she made sure her cunt and her perfect tits were available and visible to everyone - even the janitors often got a good look at her. But as the semester went on, she craved more.
One of her most exciting days was, when she - before leaving her transparent apartment - inserted a coke bottle deep into her cunt. Oh, how she enjoyed showing off her over-stretched cunt like this.
Those little daily adventures - that barely registered to Sandra anymore and became her "normal" were interrupted by brutal nights (or days) of humiliation, gang bangs, and abuse. Every few weeks some of the girls (and sometimes boys) at university would get sick of Sandra's behavior, and decide to show her what she really deserves.
And this is what she loved the most. She remembered each and every single act of humiliation, of degradation so vividly, and she relived them every time she masturbated in her apartment with her pussy pointed to the windows.
But while each and every single experience like this was a dream come true for Sandra Wilder, there were a few instances, a few acts that stood out the most to her.
The gang rape at the gas station. God, she had kept pictures of this one. As a matter of fact - many people had, as it was shared all across social networks.
Seven black men had taken the liberty to celebrate Sandra's presence. It was close to midnight on a Saturday evening, and Sandra had decided to go for a nearly naked stroll around the more industrial area of town. Now, she was nearly naked, in the sense of: there was some garment covering some parts of her body, but that did not provide any real cover.
The garment was a string tanga, that she had stuffed into her wet cunt, letting half of it hang out. Apart from this Sandra only wore a shelf bra - lifting her tiny tits proudly, without obstructing the view.
(Un)dressed like this it was no miracle that she attracted the wrong - or right - kind of attention. And that she did - the young men took advantage of her, fucking her right there on the street, with cars passing by.
Cumming in her cunt, multiple times - humiliating her and talking how she is gonna have a black kid. When they noticed, that all this was not enough for Sandra, they started to turn cruel. Sandra's favorite moment?
Being carried to the gas station around the corner, spread eagle and nicely exposed. But that was not it. The youths had one more idea - Sandra just needed to be fucked with the gas nozzle. Without too much concern for her wellbeing, the nozzle was jammed into her cunt.
Repeatedly they fucked her with it, jamming it as deep inside her as it would go, hitting her cervix while doing so.
In the meantime, a crowd of on-lookers enjoyed the spectacle, as Sandra's cunt was further ruined by the stinking gas nozzle. And as the guys thought, that this is not enough - they decided to push the lever, overfilling Sandra's cunt with gasoline, while she screamed with ecstasy and a bit of fear.
As this went on for a while, finally the gas station manager showed up, lightly swinging a baseball bat in his hand. As the black guys watched him come closer, they soon saw his evil smile: No, he did not intend to chase off the guys.
The baseball bat was to end up in Sandra's abused cunt. And so, it did - first with the narrow end, and then with the wide end, Sandra's cunt got a good batting. What a night that was!
Another one of her favorite memories was the little bukkake party she endured in her apartment. Now - actually nobody was invited to it. It just kind of got established over the course of the semester, that it made no sense for the guys at university to masturbate.
I mean - what for? If they felt horny and too lazy for normal sex, they could just stop by at Sandra's place. The door was always open, she was always ready. Worst case? She was asleep. In this case, they'd either wake her up or just fuck her as she was.
So, over the course of a day, typically some thirty or forty guys would stop by and use her, one way or the other. Now, most of this was not too spectacular, no terrible abuse or humiliation, just Sandra being used as a cum bucket, a public cum bucket.
But this day was special. More than 50 guys had agreed to meet at Sandra's place at the same time - quite early in the morning, around 08:30. They had calculated, that Sandra's first class was around 10am, so that would give them enough time to... prepare her for the day.
And that they did. Sandra was still awake, when the first cock was jammed into her cunt. As she was slowly waking up from the rough thrusting motion, the guy was already ready to pull out - and cum all over her sleepy face.
And so did the other men, one after the other they added to the layer of cum on Sandra's face, hair, and ultimately body.
And as the time progressed, it did not end at the fifty guys - more and more men from the street, who enjoyed the view walking by, joined and added to the cum cover that was planned for Sandra, who enjoyed one orgasm after the other.
At 09:45am, what a sight she was - it must have been more than hundred cumshots that now covered her angelic face and matted her black hair. Her cunt was red and gaping at this point - given that all those dicks had ravished her, some of them multiple times and quite roughly.
She knew what was expected of her, no she was not supposed to clean up. And yes, she was of course expected to keep her sobbing and sore cunt nicely visible.
And so that's what she did - the good girl that she was. So, she gingerly got up from her bed, cum slowly dripping down her body. Knowing she could not show up at university naked (and yes, she had tried) she put on a nearly transparent white shirt that closed with a belt instead of with buttons.
Like this, nothing was covered but she could still argue to be dressed. While her tiny, cum covered tits were covered by the fabric, given how sheer it was, nothing was hidden. And the shirt was thankfully short enough to not even come close to covering her ass or her cunt. Satisfied, she looked into the mirror.
What a mess she was. Her facial features could barely be recognized behind the thick layer of sperm, her black hair was matted down, her body was shiny and glistering. And her cunt? It was swollen and red, perfectly visible to the outside world.
She was ready to face her lecture. But the boys did not agree. Something is not right, some of them murmured grinning. And Sandra of course wanting to behave well, she asked - what is it? Your cunt, girl - and your asshole. I mean, you can't go out like this!
Feigning innocence, she cupped her wet cunt with her hand, slipping a few fingers inside herself - what do you mean? Oh god, am I not covered enough?
Laughing, the boys enjoyed her self-humiliation. But they also had plans. Nah girl, you are too decent. What are you, a nun? You really think we let you go out like this? Nobody can see into you like this, it's sad, it's sickening.
With this, one of the boys produced a shiny glass speculum and jammed it into Sandra's slippery cunt. Twisting it open, it took him nearly a minute until he was satisfied.
Specially made for you, darling - no other girl in the world needs such a giant speculum to spread open her cunt. But like this, yeah - you're nice and open. And for your asshole... wait! With this he ran to his bag, pulling out a giant carrot, with the greens still attached.
Not caring to lubricate it, he rammed the carrot into Sandra's once so pristine little asshole. He only managed to insert it halfway, but that was the idea - like this half of it hang out, making her look like a perverted joke.
Sandra looked once more at the mirror, before walking out. Her face barely recognizable, her body exposed and glistering, and barely able to walk, as her cunt and asshole were spread open. Yes - this would be a good fucking day, she knew, as she walked out of the door.
What a day that was going to be!