A few weeks after her adventure in the mountains, the fall semester started up and Sophia went right back to the grind, taking classes, working at the hospital, trying to date, dealing with family.
At some point, she realized she hadn't logged in to the site for weeks, getting home late after a night shift she needed to decompress so she got on and checked her messages. This is exactly what she needed to relieve some of the stress. A few new guys were trying to talk to her, but she really just wanted to see what TheTaker had sent her. He had a couple ideas, but they seemed just like the thing they already did, she was looking for a bit of a new scenario. Checking a couple of new rooms she was feeling the next thing would be something where maybe people could see her, a bit more exhibitionist. Sophia had already taken to the occasional braless day, just doing her regular errands, stopping at the bank, food shopping, getting gas. Loving the little it added to her day. Who is looking? Did anyone notice? Can they see through this top?
Her college roommate's wedding is coming up, but she is getting married back in her home state and Sophia won't be able to go with her tight schedule. Julie calls and says she will be in Colorado the next weekend and a few of their sorority girls are getting together for a bit of a bachelorette party. Perfect time for dressing a little daring and having some fun. It started out pretty standard -- meeting up at a hotel and pregaming a bit before heading to one of the bars they went to in college. Then some downtown club hopping, having so many guys buying them drinks, doing some shots, dancing with each other, dancing with whatever guys are there. At some point the same group of guys had showed up at a couple of the spots they were at and were getting very friendly. The night gets a little hazy, but she does remember the guys telling the limo driver to drop them off at a place that she'd never been before and seemed a little shady for a night club. Turns out it was an underground strip club that was being run at an old industrial building.
Each room had a different stage, the guys were just about throwing money at the strippers to do the wildest things. Finding an empty stage, a couple of the girls in the party jumped up on a stage and started using the poles, having guys throw money at them! But Sophia froze -- all the talk about wanting to be seen or to do something with people watching went out the window. Sure, this isn't the same city she works in, but who knows what people are here she just couldn't do it. She really had to go to the bathroom -- so many drinks all hitting her at once. But this wasn't the type of place you go by yourself so she drug one of the other girls off the stage (to many boos from the guys) and made her go with her.
It took a minute and a couple wrong turns to find it, but she was finally able to relieve herself, and compose herself a bit. As she was looking in the mirror fixing her hair she saw something strange behind her. "Did you see that? I think someone was looking through there!" pointing to an opening in the partition. They tried looking through, but it was just black and then they looked in a couple of the stalls and realized there were several other openings -- these were glory holes! "We gotta go!" as she grabs her friend and find their way back to the group.
The other girls had gotten off stage and for the most part were ready to leave, they did have to find one or two that had gone off with the guys. Back in the limo they dropped the details -- a couple blow jobs and one girl got fingered a random guy in one of the back rooms! Sophia was stunned by what they had done -- and by what she hadn't done. They all slept until midday and then spent some time at the pool before all heading back home.
The whole ride home she was thinking how she chickened out with such a good opportunity to expose herself to strangers, and when she logged on she went right to TheTaker to tell him how she failed. He wasn't sympathetic at all! He actually called her a liar and a phony, saying she's just all talk and no action. She kept logging in to try and talk to him, but either he was avoiding her or something was up.
A couple weeks later he finally responds to her. But it isn't what she wanted to hear -- he went to the club! You can't blame a guy, an underground club that has strippers, gloryholes and sluts ready to fuck? Of course he wanted to find out if it was real. He tells her what he did -- apparently there are chicks who did man the gloryholes, he got his cock sucked and the girl swallowed his load. Immediately she felt jealous, but why? They're not dating, she's never seen his face and the only time she met him he grabbed her off the trail and fucked her in a cave. He also admitted he got involved with a train -- she had never heard of such a thing! Apparently one girl just lets whoever gets in line fuck her -- she doesn't know them, she might not even look at them! They can use any hole they want, and put their load wherever they want - he said he blasted her face! Crazy.
But she also is ultra-competitive, you have to be to succeed in the classes she takes and the field she practices. In the past her competitiveness has come out in running triathlons and going to cross fit competitions, but now it is driving her to be the biggest slut for this stranger. She messages TheTaker the exact time and date she will be back at that club -- that Saturday night, exactly 11:15pm, manning the gloryhole in the 3rd stall. She is so focused on being better than the girls he found there the first time.
The night came and she got dressed, she had been starting to update her wardrobe with some more tight and revealing outfits. She did of course put her long coat also so she can get out of her neighborhood without anyone noticing. As she's driving she is excited about doing this, seeing him again (or at least part of him) and has her mind wandering the whole ride down. As she gets off the highway she realizes an important detail -- she isn't sure exactly where the club is. She wasn't driving last time and was super fucked up, not a good combination for remembering directions.
She was definitely in the right part of town, warehouses, near the waterfront, run down, but it all looks the same. Sophia realizes she's gone in a circle a couple times because she sees the same gas station on one of the corners. Looking at the clock she is getting too close to her 11:15 time so she decides to pull in and try asking for directions. The clerk looks at her crazy -- he doesn't speak English all that well and as she's describing where she's looking for he can't help her. As she heads back to the car, a couple guys follow her out one of them shouts -- "Hey honey, I know where you're looking for, we've been there before." They were a couple of rough looking guys, "You're not really supposed to be talking about it out in the open like that, but I can tell you where it is."
"That's great, I need to get there quickly, how can I thank you?" Sophia realized just as she said it that she may have just made a mistake.
"Just show me those titties and I'll give you the directions" She was so relieved, and wondered if he asked for a blow job would she have done it?
Opening her jacket she quickly pulled down the top of her dress and shook what she had for him -- in her head she was checking something off the list of things she always wanted to do, but was too scared, flashing a stranger in public. As she was giving him a show her heart immediately sank as she noticed the security camera on the gas station pointed right at her!
The guy said "Nice, Nice...you can follow me and I'll get you down there."
He jumped in a beat up brown car and she followed behind, all the time thinking he's probably bringing her to a dark alley and is going to grab her and kidnap her. But as they got into a section of buildings she did recognize the place and ended up ditching him and finding her own place to park.
Checking her phone -- 11:02 -- she will really have to hurry. Leaving her jacket behind in the car Sophia braved the cold in her skimpy outfit and got to the doors as quick as she could. The bouncer needed to see her ID, and she knew immediately she had left it in her coat in the car. "Is there any way you can let me in real quick, you know I've been here before so I must be old enough?" He thought for a second, "My usual fee for a young lady like yourself is I need to get a couple fingers in your pussy to let you in." Ok, she thought I already flashed one guy tonight, this isn't that much worse...so she pulled up the hem of the short dress -- pulled her thong to the side -- and he whistled and got two of his thick fingers knuckles deep in her real quick. Even she was surprised by how slick her pussy was, and the slurping sound it made as he quickly went in and out echoed in the night air. His rough thumb on her clit made her have stars in her eyes and go weak. He stopped and said, "ok, you can go in but I get to check you again on the way out."
Not exactly sure what that meant, she went through the door, wobbly and somewhat cross eyed as she entered, it was dark and she had to get her bearings -- 11:11 -- her wish was to find the bathroom and hope no one was in her spot! She made her way down the hallway and into the bathroom, 3rd stall was open -- finally something going her way.
But, she couldn't believe it there were a bunch of holes -- and 4 of them already had cocks pointing at her! Luckily she had given TheTaker a failsafe -- he would put his pinky through first, and she would pinky shake with him as her signal. Checking her time once more just as it turns 11:15 she sees a pinky come through one of the empty holes near the corner-- it's him! She quickly gives the signal, then knocks on the wall for him to send his cock through.
He knocks back and she's so relived, as his cock comes through she can't wait to give him the most amazing blow job, immediately gets to work going as deep and fast as she could. Not even thinking she pulled up her dress and was fingering herself now.
After such a fast start, she needed to breathe for a moment, she hasn't done this much work in a while! She takes him out of her mouth and starts just stroking him. Looking around, there is a cock coming through the wall next to her right there! About an arm's length away, she is trying to think if she could reach it... it is big -- she's not even sure her hand would fit around it. It was so dark, so forbidden...should she touch it? Where was the line she wasn't going to cross tonight? She already flashed a stranger and let the bouncer finger her, what about this black cock a couple feet from her face?
Snapped back to reality by TheTaker pulling his cock back through the hole -- now what is she supposed to do? She didn't know what to expect, but his eye was now at the hole, looking right at her. He put his index finger through and made a circular motion -- confused for a second she figured it out -- one of the things he said he wanted her to do when they were messaging on the site was for her to turn around and let him fuck her through the hole.
As he puts it back through, it was a good thing she wore the stripper heels, the extra 6 inches put her at the right height to mount herself onto his cock. Such a great feeling! Bent at the waist, holding on to the toilet she was getting fucked hard through the wall. It was amazing, and on top of that, she's now essentially face to face with the huge black cock sticking through the other hole. (the guys who made these holes must have planned that!) She has to do it -- she reaches out and touches it. It is so hot to the touch, and it almost jumps when she makes contact. It is too much for just one hand so she starts stroking it with both hands. Everything that's happened tonight has her so hot, the flashing, the fingering, the sucking, the fucking she is about to have an amazing orgasm, so she loses her mind and just puts as much of the strange black cock in her mouth as she can and sucks it for all she's worth. She's fucking hard on the cock in her cunt, banging back against the wall every stroke, and now is rebounding onto this huge cock that she forces down her throat.
The whole point of her starting these adventures was to escape her stress filled, going all the time job and school reality, and man did she achieve that tonight. Absolutely the only thing she is thinking is getting everything she can out of these cocks and having the biggest orgasm ever. And that's exactly what she does, just as the first stream of cum from TheTaker blasts inside her pussy, she convulses like she's never felt before, and her legs give out, knees buckle, and hit the floor. Immediately she can just feel all the rest of the cum from TheTaker's cock hitting her -- she can feel the rush of hot hot cum landing on her legs, her ass, her back and all over her dress. She never lets go of the other cock, and she quickly forces her face all the way against the 2nd opening in the wall, to the point she can feel her nose touching the strangers stomach. His cock has to be down her throat past her 4th rib by now. And he rewards her by flooding her with all his seed, it felt like a gallon of cum right down into her stomach.
As they uncouple both cocks hang limp through the holes and she realizes how her dress is pulled down from the top and up from the bottom, she's a sweaty cum filled mess. "You go girl!!"
She snaps her head to the stall door -- a group of 5-6 people are there watching her! "You took Big Ray's cock all the way to the hilt? That's amazing, some of the pro girls here can't even do that!" As they all gave her a round of applause and cheers.
Two of the girls helped her up and straightened her dress, looking back she could see eyes from the other holes, and a last glimpse of the 2 cocks that just changed her world retreating through the walls. The other people moved into the stall as she left -- the party continues! She thought it was 2 girls and a guy heading in, and those cocks she didn't use must really be ready now!
She stopped at the sinks and the girls were so nice to help her, they said Sophia had put on the show of the night so far! They had been watching for 15 minutes at least. "We come here all the time and that black cock you just slurped on is connected to Big Ray, he's everyone's favorite. Next time you come you can ask for him and someone will tell you which room he's in." All of this is just swimming in her head, no way is she coming back, and no way will she remember any of this.
They got Sophia a water, and once she seemed ok they left her "I gotta find Ray myself now, hope he's ready for a 2nd round!"
As they disappeared into the crowd felt very alone, and wanted to leave as quick as possible, realizing TheTaker was very possibly still there and she still doesn't really know what he looks like. As she went out the door into the parking lot a hand grabbed her arm -- was it him? It was the bouncer. "Don't you remember our agreement from earlier?" and honestly Sophia didn't she just had her brains scrambled by 2 of the best cocks she's ever experienced.
"I get to check you on the way out, too." As he puts up 2 fingers. Now she puts it together, he wants to finger her again! Well, at this point, who cares?!? She laughs and says "Have at it."
He reaches under her dress, and they both realize she no longer has her panties, he just goes straight in and can feel the cum left there. Her legs almost give out again, but he takes his fingers out and gives them a good sniff, then quickly shoves them in her mouth! She didn't expect that and the taste is something she'll never forget.
As she walks back to her car, she realizes she may have been pretty lucky tonight, she didn't get kidnapped and murdered by the guy at the gas station, the bouncer only wanted to finger her, the other people in the stall actually helped her and didn't just take a turn with her. Next time she may not be as lucky.
Halfway home those thoughts have left and she is already thinking about the next message to send TheTaker and what should the next adventure be?
~~~~~~~~~~
This is a work of fiction -- all participants are over 18 and any resemblance to any real life incident is not intended.