Running used to put her mind at ease. It was a space where she could put order in the messy chaos of her life, her inner life at least. Alex always seemed to have her priorities straight, a specific idea for her career, a clear understanding of where she was going and how. At least that's the idea she gave of herself to people.
Despite her natural shyness, mostly holding her back in personal relationships, when it came to study and work she came through as a rather confident person. A confidence based on solid knowledge and trust in her own skills, reinforced day after day by positive results and feedback. Although if she had to be honest to herself, and there are times you have no other choices, that confidence was but a fine polish over a cracked pavement. Her insecurities were a constant turmoil, an unrelenting force ever pushing and always strenuously pushed back. Only a small number of people could see right through her, one being Laura, her mother of course, and a couple more maybe.
Her ex-boyfriend Oliver couldn't quite grasp what all that fuss was about. He had met the successful, confident, upper-middle class Alex, he didn't get along too well with her socially anxious, irresolute counterpart who came out to play a few months after they started dating. That was probably the reason why they broke up. That and sex. Oliver was good at it, but never in the way Alex wished; she on the other hand was a drag: hardly ever in the mood for what he wanted, and even then there was always something off. It was clear what he expected from her, but Alex was unable to give it to him, not on his terms, but she was also utterly unable to voice her own needs and expectations. She never talked to him about her fantasies, about how important was to her the psychology behind it all, how there was more to a shag than just how big you are, how hard is your thrust and how so fucking good it felt when he was taking her from behind.
Jesus Christ, why was she thinking about Oliver? She had enough on her mind already. And for once running wasn't helping tidying everything up. On the contrary, it made it even harder to concentrate.
How could she?
Part of her brain was constantly busy scanning the surroundings for any onlooker; another was coordinating her movements, a task that felt oddly arduous today; a third one was constantly trying to figure out what people might think of her, or well, mostly imagining all the name calling; and then there was one rather large area whose only job was torturing her with the thought of what kind of show she had been putting on, running around in public in that outfit.
She was actually masturbating to that same kind of scene something like four or five days ago, not even a week. Not a week and she moved from a fantasy to something so very real.
Alex couldn't get quite a hold of what that meant yet. If it took such a short time to bring her there, how far were her wildest fantasies? And her darkest ones? How far was going way beyond anything she ever imagined?
Her white top was tight, but it was also too soft and light to prevent her breasts from bouncing. Without a bra giving them any support, their sway was already hypnotising as she walked, but when she ran it was blatant to the point nobody would have blamed the occasional fellow runner who slowed down, almost stopped, to be able to enjoy the view a second more. The hint of underboob showing through the flimsy and almost transparent fabric became more and more evident, and so much more of a hint, as you got closer. The realisation of what was actually happening before your eyes struck you probably too late, once she was already gone. And maybe you could convince yourself you had seen a nipple slip under the short cover of the cropped sweatshirt, but you would've never been sure.
Keen observers - one would've argued what their real purpose in going to the park was, given their apparent idleness - were harder to avoid. They were sitting on benches or on the grass, or strolling, and they were all invariably drawn by that ephemeral image. They captured every second of it, every movement, every glimpse of skin uncovered by the combination of sheerness and light, or covered but precisely outlined by the stretched fabric of the shorts digging into the flesh.
Alex could feel distinctly the shorts getting tighter on her butt and crotch. They raised up so much on the back, she figured they should be looking almost like bikini bottoms by now. The feeling of fresh air on most of her cheeks just confirmed it. On the front the shorts went up as much as physically possible on her inner thighs, underlining even more the tight triangle of fabric clinging to her pussy.
And then there were women. With their husbands and boyfriends, in small groups or on their own, some working out, some others just passing by. Their looks were a heavier burden for Alex to stand. She wasn't comfortable being constantly ogled by any guy she came across: she felt embarrassed, she felt like a slut begging for their attention. But when it came to women it was even worse. Alex could almost hear their thoughts.
Look at that, what the fuck was she thinking when she got dressed this morning? Let's go on a quick run before I have my shift at the strip club? What a slut. Is she hoping to get some cock right here in the middle of the park? There she is, decades of feminism to allow her to go out dressed like that. I wouldn't show off that much even at a rave. You must be a real whore if that's your workout outfit. She's practically naked. You can see her pussy. Is she wet? Is she getting off on this? What a perv. Good Lord, who wears that in public? We're past any decency. Look at that bimbo, unbelievable. You think a teacher should look like that? What would the other teachers think of you? What would your students think of you? What could they think? It's rather obvious. And what are they supposed to learn from a cunt-driven silly girl like you uh Lexi?
A rather loud chime on her watch startled her. She stopped dead on her tracks trying to catch her breath. Her heart beat faster than it was supposed to after a 15 minutes run.
It was time. She knew it. She had almost memorised the whole set of instructions on her way to the park.
*

Congratulations Alex, you've come a long way. This is your final task. After you've completed it your dare will be over, but most importantly you'll be able to say you have fulfilled one of your fantasies.
You're doing it right now, as you read these lines you're walking around wearing a really daring outfit. Had you ever imagined you could go this far? Had you ever imagined actually walking down the street so scantily dressed, asking yourself if people could get a glimpse of your pussy lips through the fabric of your shorts? How much of your breasts can they actually see? How much are they enjoying the view of your uncovered butt?
And in no time you will be way past this.
Now I want you to reach the park for your workout.
You will start a training session on your FitBit as well, so that Turnons Activity Tracker will be able to get all your data. Then you'll have to go through your workout routine for an hour following this schedule: you'll train for 15 minutes, then stop and edge for 5 minutes; you'll repeat this routine three times.
You have to follow 3 more rules in order to complete the dare:
1. Once you start your training you can't stop. You'll need to follow your schedule for an hour straight. You will be given a 15 minutes tolerance overall.
2. You'll start a live streaming each time you edge. The edge only counts if the activity tracker shows you've been actually on the edge for 5 minutes straight. This means you can't stop but also that you will have a very little time to get on the edge if you want to finish the schedule in time, so I suggest you think of a way to keep your arousal up while you're training.
3. Each time you'll be required to meet one additional condition before you can start edging. Once you're ready to edge click on the button below: the live streaming will start automatically and you'll learn the requirement for that edge.
Good luck.
*
Now was the time to click on that small "Edge" button she saw below the instructions. Even reading that last part of the dare while she was on her way to the park had instilled in Alex both fear and a weird kind of excitement. There was every single ingredient she mixed up in her own scenarios: sustaining exposure for a prolonged period of time, detailed instructions giving her no way to elude them, fear of the unknown and no control over anything.
The excitement came from all of those things together and from the realisation that DarkPassenger was right: one of her fantasies was coming true right there, right now. And she was terrified of how fantasy and reality were about to collide and clash.
For the whole time she had been running, Alex fueled her arousal with the feelings coming from her own body: her breasts moving freely underneath their scant cover, the shorts caressing the skin of her butt and thighs as they rode up, the moist feeling of her pussy brushing against the tight fabric constraining her crotch. And thinking about how everybody was looking at her, and the show she was giving them, and how much more she was about to expose herself, and what else the dare would have asked of her.
It's not hard to imagine she lost track of time with all those things going on in her mind. So the alert going off after 15 minutes found her completely unprepared. Silly girl you should've thought of a secluded spot for your first edge, what are you going to do now?
Alex frantically ran in the direction of a tree. It was big enough to shield her from the eyes of anyone along the trail she was running on, but that was it. Anyone within a 180° angle would've got an unobstructed view. Another trail was in front of her, but far enough, so if she was careful, if she was lucky enough, maybe...
There was a group of guys playing football on the lawn, in the distance, she could hear their voices, the noise of the ball being passed around. There were benches on the trail, some of them facing in her direction, all of them empty. Someone ran by, behind the tree. Alex wondered if he or she could notice she was there. A couple was walking on the trail in front of her, walking away now, past the football players.
She took off her fanny bag and used it as a stand for her phone, the camera framing her from below, from her running shoes in the foreground and then up to her neck.
Ok then, come on. She clicked on the button.
*
First edge.
Take off your top, place it beside you. Play with your breasts underneath the sweatshirt as you edge.
*
A 5 seconds timer was the prelude to the streaming going live. There were already a few viewers. It wasn't enough time for Alex to process what she had to do. Not nearly. And yet she saw herself taking off the sweatshirt, for a second she stood there, her nipples and areolas were clearly visible through the flimsy cover of the sheer white top, as were her breasts stretching the fabric. Alex quickly looked around and, as fast as she could, took off her top and put back the sweatshirt. For an instant there she was completely topless in public. Her heart was pounding. Both of her hands had to find a way to get busy, quick, she had already wasted enough time. Her right hand dove inside her shorts, her movements were constrained by how tight the space was, but the fingers quickly found their way through the moisture already wetting her lips and inner thighs, and then inside the hot core between her legs. Alex let out a moan as the other hand was pinching, no, wrecking her left nipple and then grabbing and groping the whole boob. All that movement made her tits dangle below the hemline, showing a generous amount of underboob, her nipples coming easily into view from time to time.
Alex could not see what was going on on the stream, with about 30 people now online, give or take, and she couldn't feel her Fitbit vibrating as she rode that hard and fast edge. Her eyes were moving from one point to the other, trying to see if anybody was looking her way. Her ears were trying to pick up any noise coming closer. Her mouth was trying its best holding off the moans coming from deep inside her.
After two or three interminable minutes she had to close her eyes and focus hard to avoid climaxing, knowing there was still a long way ahead. When she opened them, she noticed some movement on her left, a guy running on the trail, and two women walking in the opposite direction.
Alex managed to kill a whimper. As her face was getting hotter and redder, and she was sweating all over, she closed her legs as tight as she could, and bent towards the phone resting her head on her knees. She kept masturbating, she kept moaning. On Turnons her followers could see her hand moving underneath the shorts through the narrow gap of her trembling legs, and for a second a glimpse of her mouth and the tip of her nose, as she moved closer to the camera.
What a slut.
Told you this would have escalated quickly.
There must be someone watching her.
She's in plain view, that's a good girl.
I wonder if her friends know how big of a whore she is.
Those were the comments flooding in, but what was running through Alex's head wasn't that different right now.
And then it was over. All of a sudden another alarm went off and she found herself still clammed up, spent, almost unable to take her fingers out, her hand, thighs and pussy covered in her juices that soon would have dampened the crotch of the shorts even more.
*
The mix of feelings running through Alex's body was numbing. Her mind was blank, overwhelmed. She just kept moving. She ran because there was nothing else she could do right now. She was going on autopilot.
Sporadically, as the sticky feeling between her legs got more noticeable, or the continued brushing of her clit against the right fabric sent a shiver up to her brain, Alex's vision was invaded by images of herself on the ground, huddled and moaning, as blurry figures, only vaguely resembling people, twirled around her.
Had they seen her? Had they noticed anything? Had anyone stopped, had anyone watched?
Then the run took it all away, filling the void with the mechanical movements of her legs, the air breathing in and out of her lungs, the fatigue slowly creeping up her muscles.
She was running faster now, she didn't even notice it. The shorts felt way tighter than before. Were they rising up on their own or had she pulled them up in a mindless attempt to increase the pressure on her pussy? To keep her arousal up waiting for the next edge, or just to take up every bit of pleasure she could.
She felt the need to stop for a second. Her mouth and lips were as dry as sand. She held her canteen up, closing her fist hard on its body to squeeze out a generous amount of water. God she needed it.
Alex almost hadn't noticed the fellow runner crossing her and turning his head to give her a good look before disappearing from her view. She had to retrace the scene in her head to realise that raising her arm above her shoulders had pulled up the sweatshirt and allowed her right nipple and almost her full breast to come into view, protected only partially by the sheer top.
As she started running again the weight of her breasts, the way they got pulled and pushed, and how much they peeked under the sweatshirt made her once again aware of her state of undress. Once again unable to think about anything else but her current exposure and how far the next instructions would have taken her.
*
A sunny spot on the grass.She was still processing the words she just read.Find a sunny spot on the grass without trees around. Take off your sweatshirt, place it on the ground and sit or lay down on your back trapping the sweatshirt under your body.
Alex had reached the North-West end of the park, a rather quiet area. A dense vegetation patch divided the inner part of the park from the canal and the walking paths alongside it. If she turned on her right she could see the lake. Just a few people were around working out, playing or just killing time. Trees along the path couldn't help her this time. She could just find the loneliest spot in the middle of the lawn and hope nobody looked in her direction.
Once she found the right place, exactly midway between the path and the lake, Alex took another look around. She could count at least a dozen persons within hearing distance, most of them facing the water. The number went up to fourteen or fifteen with the occasional guy passing by.
She just stood there for a minute. Actually she almost lost track of time, frozen by the idea of actually going through with it. The thing was Alex didn't even have the chance to overthink it, to consider quitting, failing the dare, accepting the consequences. Someone else was taking her decisions for her, acting on her behalf, pushing her down the brink. She was almost startled by the feeling of her own hands reaching under the sweatshirt. And it felt ok, almost natural, taking it off completely.
Alex only realised how exposed she actually was when the live streaming started. She saw herself on the screen, she saw the park around her, the sun so bright its light made her top completely see through.
Contemplating that image Alex for a second forgot why she was there, what she had to do. This time she wasn't that close to the edge yet. And being in plain sight didn't help. This time fear was stronger. Still she had to do it, she had to get through it, she had to earn that miniscule bit of normality that now was her only goal, an afternoon free of all that panic, lust, embarrassment, fear, exposure. A break.
Did she really believe she could make it? Her first attempt to regain some of her personal time, doing something as simple as going on a run in the park, had been mocked and ridiculed, it had become yet another step down the spiral of depravity she pushed herself into. Look where you are now: have you ever imagined seeing yourself like this?
Despite fear, despite her eyes roaming around trying to make sure nobody was watching - nobody else at least, nobody outside those now fifty-three, fifty-four, chrissake, users on her live stream - despite everything, her fingers found her pussy soaked. Despite it or because of it.
Even if she could take her mind off Turnons for a few hours, get on with her life, go to work, do her seminar, speak to the students and everyone else as if everything was perfectly fine, and take back some time for herself, could she forget about her indecent, unbelievable, unbearable state of arousal? It had taken just a minute to get back on the edge, to shut up her thoughts and get going, despite everything and because of everything.
DarkPassenger: Is anybody looking your way?
DarkPassenger: you're gorgeous in that outfit, your full breasts perfectly visible in the sunlight, your microshorts restraining the movements of your hand inside them.
DarkPassenger: Don't worry about anything else. If someone notices you, if someone watches, let them, let them drink in your beauty.
DarkPassenger: you're a magnificent slut Alex, and you're gonna be so much more, you're gonna get so much more from all of this. Let the real you come out.
DarkPassenger: see how everybody loves you on Turnons? You read the comments? You're their goddess. And your audience will keep growing, you will keep putting yourself on show for them, satisfy them, 'cause this is who you are, and this is what does it for you.
DarkPassenger: there's no escaping it. You know it. Ride that edge. That's all that matters.
DarkPassenger was walking her through it. Alex could see his messages continuously popping up as the live streaming went on, as reactions and comments flooded in. There were sixty-seven users now, watching.
Take off your shorts.
Show us more.
I'd cum all over you babe, I'd make you walk around with my cum drying on your face and clothes.
Tits please.
How many people are you entertaining right now at the park, whore?
Do you get off knowing everybody can see you?
I can't wait to see you completely naked in public.
I'm messaging all your other followers, hope everybody will show up and watch you live. I know you'll love it.
I hope you fail and fail again.
My god that escalated quickly haha.
Whores like you should never get to cum.
Yeah, moan, let's see if you can find anyone around who wants to play with you.
Make her go home naked.
Take your top completely off. It's useless anyway.
You're setting quite high expectations with this dare, Alex.
Can't wait to see you getting fucked in public.
Wow I love big-titted tramps fucking themselves senseless in public.
I'm so hard for you. I'd love to fuck your ass.
There were dozens more. Alex had to hold her phone in front of her 'cause there was nowhere to place it and get a good angle. She would have liked to hold her own mouth shut, to avoid moaning too loud, but both her hands were busy. She kept biting her lower lip. She lowered her head to push her face down against the shoulder, but she immediately got back up, looking at the sky, afraid her face could get into the frame.
When she looked down again she noticed something moving: two guys a few feet away were walking on the grass, from the path towards the lake. Alex's eyes widened, her heart pumped fast as hell, she thought it would've bloody exploded right there, but her hand kept going. She felt distinctly her juices trickling down her fingers.
They stopped on her left side, between where she was and the lake, and started setting down a cloth, their backpacks and a guitar. Alex's eyes were fixated on them as she raced up her movements, as if fucking herself faster could make time go faster. She held the grunts and moans back as she could. She wondered if they could hear the gushing sounds of her fingers digging inside her pussy as loud and clear as she could hear them now.
As they went about their business Alex thought they were about to turn back and face her, so she dove forward, her upper body as close to her legs as it could, assuming a strange pose that could have been mistaken for a stretching exercise. In the meantime she kept fingering herself and this time she couldn't avoid moaning. She was basically holding the phone between her own feet, her head bowed down and turned completely on one side with her chin touching her shoulder, her breath frantic, her skin reddened, as she started silently crying. The arousal, the need to cum, the strength it took to hold off and deny herself that orgasm, and the fear of being seen, the fear of being exposed, of her face coming into view on the streaming. It was just too much to handle, she was about to break.
The five minutes ended right there. Alex let her tears go as she withdrew her hand from her pussy and she curled up again with her face now buried between her knees. Her legs shielded her chest from view.
Alex took a deeper breath. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, why the only think she could think of was she just wanted to keep going, she just wanted to climax, she wanted to fucking cum, fuck, she couldn't take it anymore, she was ready to give in, let them look, let them see how big of a whore she was, look at the bimbo in the microshorts, look how she's fingering her cunt thinking that no one noticed her.
Fuck, the shorts! The vague stain on the crotch was now a big wet patch running down from her pussy to her ass. Her hand was completely soaked, and... and she had no bloody time for any of it. As soon as she was sure enough that the guys were looking away, Alex quickly got up on her feet, and took the sweatshirt from the ground. She turned around and got her arms through the sleeves. Then she stopped for a second.
On the bench, on the other side of the path, there was an older man watching his phone, apparently distracted. How long had he been there? How much could he see or understand from his point of view?
He looked up.
He was wearing sunglasses, so Alex couldn't tell if he was actually looking at her, but he moved his chin up, to greet her in a way, and kept looking.
Alex realised too late she was still exposing her breasts through the transparent white top. She got her head in the sweatshirt and yanked it down as low as it would go, but it wasn't much, a generous third of her tits were still showing below the hem. The man smiled a little, he gave her a good look, and Alex stood there for a second, her eyes lost in the void but looking in his direction. She wasn't able to give shape to any specific thought, but before he could do or say anything, she found the way to move and run away.
*
- Is Alex in yet?
- I don't think so, no Professor Croft.
- Alright, alright. Well, let me know the minute you see her.
Classic Alex. She had been trying to call him all morning while he was teaching a class, but she hadn't even bothered checking her email. Richard didn't want to intrude her free time and call her, that was definitely off the friend-co-worker feel he and everybody else around him were used to. Maybe he could text her, yeah that seemed right. Hey Alex, remember how Grant got you a classroom? Well he also moved your seminar up three hours, better come in early. No, maybe a call would have been better. Or... wait, there was no reason to believe Alex hadn't read the email, she was on the list after all, along with him and all the students attending the seminar. This was micromanaging: she was perfectly capable of keeping track of her work without his help. Wasn't it the whole point of his discussion he had just yesterday with...
-...Annie!
- Good morning, Rich.
- Still morning, is it? Wanna grab a bite together?
- Early lunch?
- Well, it's not that early.
- No, it's ok. I want to stop by Alex Marshall's seminar later. It's been moved to 1 PM right?
- Yeah.
- Grant?
- Yes.
- Does that man even contemplate meals?
- He doesn't need to. You know he feeds only on blood and lost hopes.
- Have you ever met his niece?
- No, why?
- 'Cause I think it runs in the family. She's in my economics class, the little hyena.
- Whoa, hold on, you can't tell me a 20-something has that kind of effect on you.
- Nineteen. And I'm telling you: it's like they raise them on bread, butter and manipulation.
*
The scent of sex was all over, it was inside her nostrils, her clothes were drenched in it, every inch of skin exhaled it, it would've never gone away. The sweat, her juices, the filth she could almost smell along with everything else and that she couldn't force out of her own brain. That was the most incredible thing, the one that made her think DarkPassenger was right, they were all right about her.
Alex could only think about what she had done, what she was doing, what she could be doing in a matter of minutes, and she had to admit that all those past feelings and images and future scenarios didn't scare her as much as they fueled the dirtiest part of her mind.
She imagined herself back on the grass, an embarrassed and aroused expression on her face, legs spread wide, her shorts pulled aside, almost crying for the excitement, showing off her wet swollen pussy to her audience. She pictured the older man calling on her, her body moving on its own accord, taking small steps, getting closer, letting him grope her, expose her, take off her sweatshirt, pull down her top, rip the shorts in the middle, making space for his cock to take her. He would have stayed fully dressed, still looking somehow respectable, while she did all the work, humping up and down, her tits bouncing around, her whole body exposed for everybody to see, his cock shooting hot cum inside her. And she imagined being left like that, spent, still unsatisfied, without any chance of looking decent now, typing furiously on her phone, begging DarkPassenger for an orgasm she so desperately needed. A needy fucktoy, nothing more.
From time to time Alex slowed down and tugged on the waistband of the shorts: the crotch, already taut as hell, got pulled up getting even tighter on her pussy, the fabric getting deeper between her labia and pushing against her clit. She kept doing it whenever she was sure nobody was around: finding a way to physically or mentally stimulate her pussy was her only focus. She didn't care about anything else. She didn't care about how the peculiar "sweat" pattern could have drawn attention to her shorts, about how much of her butt was sticking out, about runners stopping past her and turning around, about the ones lingering on the path enjoying the view of her dangling underboobs, about what everybody was thinking. Or well she cared about it all, but just because her brain was using all of those feelings and mindfucks to heighten her arousal even more.
So when she read the instructions for her final edge, fear wasn't Alex's first reaction. She was just worried she would have orgasmed right there on the path as she was reading it.
*
Third edge
Take off your top and shorts, leave just your sweatshirt on. Fold them and place them somewhere on the ground or on a bench. Then walk at least 100 ft away.
*
Alex had figured something worse was coming, she wasn't expecting that though. Her mind couldn't help but go back to one of her favourite Tumblrs, Bottomless in public. She loved it, especially those pics where the girls were wearing really short tops and no bottoms, making the lack of any cover for the lower half of their bodies even more blatant.
Of course there were countless pics of girls wearing workout clothes and then taking their shorts or pants off, maybe right in the middle of a public park.
Thinking of herself like one of those tumblr girls helped her somehow. It made her arousal ramp up even higher, and at the same time it helped her cope with what she had been asked to do, normalising it.
Somewhere in a far corner the real normalising impulse, coming from a miniscule still sober part of her, got swiftly and promptly shushed. The urgency of going through with this final instruction was something else from trying to complete the dare or keeping her career and life safe or gaining back some space, as she had been telling herself. It was a compulsion, coming from something within her, something always there and hardly ever acknowledged before these last few days.
Alex looked around. She was in the inner part of the park, the trees around made the city feel distant even if she could still hear its noise. The path she was running on was the only big one around. She considered for a second sitting on one of the sporadic benches along the way, but that would've meant being completely exposed to anyone walking by.
She turned around. On the lawn a bench faced an oak. It wasn't that far from where she was now but at least it provided some cover.
Alex looked at her phone, she just had a few minutes to complete the edge and the dare. She had to make her choice.
If she was really going to do this she wanted to be able to keep an eye on her clothes the whole time. She walked to another tree on the left of the bench, it seemed far enough, maybe even more than 100 feet. Alex placed the phone on the ground next to a root and started the streaming. She got up and, being as wary as she could, her eyes bolting in every direction, she took off her sweatshirt and then quickly her top. Voices in the distance followed by quick steps informed her a little group of runners was coming closer. Fuck fuck fuck. She wasn't getting out of this alive. Her heart pumping, hard breathing, and then the panic subsiding as she managed to put her sweatshirt back on to get at least some cover. Two girls and a guy running on the main path, already far a hundred feet and more now. Breath Alex, breath.
She gulped down air or something, put her hands on the shorts waistband and pushed them down as quickly as she could, and then, with some snag, past the shoes. She had done it. She was completely bottomless in the middle of a public park. She had become one of the girls in her fantasies, and she was about to prove it even further. To everyone.
She tried to focus for a second and folded the clothes as instructed, placing them on the ground, then quickly grabbed her phone and ran in the direction of the bench in front of the oak tree.
The hard rough wood made her even more aware of her nakedness, thin wooden slivers brushing against her tender skin with every little movement. Using once again the fanny bag as a stand, Alex placed the phone on one end of the seat, she put one foot on the bench and the other on the ground. She was facing the tree where she left her clothes and at the same time using the seatback for maximum cover. Still, on the other side of the bench she was completely exposed to anyone who cared to look that way. Alex had never felt so naked.
Moving one hand over her body she measured the distance between her pussy and the bottom of her breasts: nothing but naked skin, the first piece of cloth she touched was the hem of the sweatshirt, right over her nipple, as she moved her hand underneath it and groped her tit. The other hand, now unobstructed, could move freely on and inside her pussy, her fluids were literally oozing out, she had never experienced anything like it.
Alex closed her eyes for a bunch of seconds without being completely aware of it. She then opened them abruptly, like waking up in the night in the middle of a nightmare, she couldn't afford that kind of unawareness, that bliss, she had to pay attention. She kept looking around and every few seconds glanced at her clothes, to make sure they were still there.
What if someone saw them? What if someone took them? What if she got herself in a no way out scenario, bottomless in public with no chance of getting dressed again? What then? God, the excitement and fear were unsustainable.
Focusing on that thought Alex couldn't notice the couple walking through the lawn on the other side of the oak: they passed beside it and quickly got out of her sight behind the tree. She heard their voices though and almost stopped breathing, her heart seemed to have stopped pumping blood to her brain. She stood still for a little while, trying to detect any sound, any movement coming her way. She could still hear the voices, even make out some words, but they never came out on the other side of the tree. They had probably found a spot on the grass or maybe they were seated on a bench on the other side, symmetrical to her own.
She knew she had to keep going, she had come so far, and it wasn't just it, was it? Her left hand left her breasts alone and went up to her mouth to make sure no louder moan could escape it. Alex kept fingering, trying to stay on the edge she had almost lost while worrying about the newcomers. She had almost failed, she realised it now, and she hoped hard she hadn't slipped out of the edge. It had been just a second, right? She kept furiously going at it, as if edging harder would have made up for her short pause. She was constantly moaning now, she could hear it through the flesh of her hand, and she started biting it, and almost crying for the excitement and the effort of keeping quiet.
Another small group of people, four or five, jogged right in front of her, past the tree, on one of the smaller paths. They didn't look in her direction, and then took a left on the main path closer to the bench. Fortunately the seatback assured her a good cover on that side.
She was about to explode and lose her mind. She took a look at her phone screen: the video was almost completely covered by notifications and comments, 102 users were watching her right now. That idea alone almost pushed her over the edge and made her eyes widen and her teeth bite harder on the palm of her hand. She was looking for the time counter, it was almost time, come on, come on... But before she could find it the screen went dark and Richard's name appeared. Fuck, fuck Richard not now. Alex quickly tapped the screen to close the call, the anxious thought that the streaming could have ended before time was up creeped up quickly into her mind.
Luckily a notification informed her that the streaming was running in the background. She quickly resumed it, but right away the screen went dark again. Richard. Fuck, god, fuck, bloody fucking fuck, hell. She wanted to scream, but instead, with one hand still busy tormenting her more and more reddened and swollen pussy and clit, she answered.
- Yes.
- Alex? Where are you?
- I'm... - God - I'm working out.
- Yeah I can hear it, don't overdo it, you've got a seminar.
- Yes, I know, at 4. I'm - she bit her lip and moaned for a second, she couldn't help it - Is there something you wanted to tell me?
- Yes, yes. About the seminar, Grant got you the class but he moved it at 1PM.
- What?!
- Yeah, I know, I'm sorry, you didn't check your email right? Anyway students have been informed last night, you should be on the mailing list too, but...
- What the fuck Richard?
- Look, you know how he thinks, he's...
- Fuck! Fuck! - this time she couldn't hold herself back she knew she was about to give in, she was about to climax. With a guttural sound coming from the deepest recesses of her body Alex did her best to hold on.
- Everything ok? It's not that bad, I can...
- No... - she almost whispered - no it's ok, I'll make it,
- Alright. See you later then.
- Later...
Alex closed the call and resumed the streaming as she was resting her head on the seatback for a second, her fingers still buried deep inside her pussy. The time counter was already past six minutes, the alert probably hadn't gone off because of the calls. She had made it. She had made it!
Alex stopped the streaming right away and the happy fanfare informed her she had completed the dare. She couldn't believe it. She was still a bit surprised so it took her a few seconds to regain some composure. The clothes, your clothes, you silly bimbo you're naked in public, get your shit together!
Alex got up on her feet almost jumping off her seat even if her legs felt like jelly and her pussy still screamed for attention and ached for an orgasm. And it was then that she saw him.
A guy, the guy from the couple probably, was standing beside the oak, numbly looking in her direction. He had seen her, there was no doubt about it, more than that, he was watching her. Their eyes locked for a second and he tried to smile or something, and he raised his hand.
Alex quickly did the same, it was surreal, was she waving at some stranger watching her basically naked in a park? It took that much for survival instinct to barge in. She almost ran for her clothes, her head almost feeling physical pain from the embarrassment, her face showing a whirlwind of emotions. He just took a few steps forward, not to let her slip out of his sight, he watched her getting dressed. She never turned back.