Today is finally the day that I am getting my foreskin and body hair removed.
Matt and I woke up at around 8 am. He got up first, and woke me up.
"Good morning, darling. How are you feeling? Ready for your appointment?" Matt asked.
"Yeah. I'm nervous, but excited." I replied.
"That's what I like to hear. Now then, why don't you take a quick shower so you are all cleaned for the doctor?" Matt said.
"Yes sir." I said.
While I took a shower, Matt went downstairs and cooked breakfast for us. After my shower was done, I dried off and went straight downstairs, without getting dressed of course. Matt was just wearing his regular clothes.
Once we were finished with breakfast, I followed Matt outside to his truck with my hand in his hand. This would be the first time leaving the house since Matt brought me here almost a week ago.
"Alright then. Let's get going." Matt said as he pulled the truck out of the drive way.
"So how will this work? I can just walk into the doctor's office naked?" I asked.
"Yes. I know the doctor very well. He's gay, and works with patients in the nude quite a lot. There aren't any other appointments today, so we'll be the only ones there. You'll even get to be naked in the waiting room." Matt said.
"What's the doctor like? Have you told him about me?" I asked.
"Oh yes. When I was making the appointment, I told him all about you. Everything from your life of being naked to your love of submission." Matt said.
"Mmmm. So the doctor will be ready to remove my foreskin, right?" I asked.
"Absolutely. Just imagine your sexy little body. With your new smooth, hairless skin. That's what awaits you. Once the procedure is over, we'll head back home. I'll even invite our biker friends so they can get a look of your new body image. I know how much you like when those men have their way with you, right?" He asked with a smile.
"Oh I don't just like when they have their way with me. I like it when they rape me. Use my body to fulfill their perverted fantasies. It excites me to see them in front of me. I love to watch them drool all over my beautiful naked body. I can't wait for them to see it. " I replied.
"And I can't wait for them to see your perfect body. But let's not think about that just yet. Let's just focus on getting to the doctor's office. And I'll go in with you once we get there." Matt said.
Once we got to the place, Matt parked the truck. And then helped me to get out of the truck.
"We're here now. You ready?" Matt asked.
"Y-yeah. I guess." I replied.
After that, Matt grabbed my hand and led me into the doctor's office. Once we were inside, Matt told me to sit in one of the chairs while he would fill out some paperwork for the doctor. Once he was done with that, he sat down next to me.
"The doctor should be here soon. How does it feel to finally be naked somewhere other than home?" Matt asked while putting him arm around me.
"I like it a lot. I hope there are even more places to do this." I said.
"Of course there are. I mean, I plan on having you be completely naked wherever I take you from now on. Is that alright with you?" Matt asked.
"Absolutely! I love that idea. As long as it's okay with you." I replied.
Within about 5 minutes, the doctor came out.
"Hello, Matt. It's good to see you again." The doctor said.
"It's good to see you too, doc. And this here is the one I was telling you about. He's quite a beauty now, isn't he?" Matt said.
"Oh, Matt. He's an absolute angel. And I think I speak for everyone when I say, I cannot wait to see what happens when we're done here. Now then, if you'll just follow me so we can get the routine examination under way." The Doc said.
As my bare feet hit the cold floor, it reminded just how different of a place I am now in. Barefoot. Nude. Standing completely exposed. Not a single stitch of clothing covering my entire body.
Completely vulnerable.
But that's what I liked about it. Showing my naked body to other men. Being completely naked. Knowing that they could stare at my naked body any time they wanted. You get the idea.
Once we were in the room, I laid down on the table. The doctor then washed his hands.
The doctor proceeded to do the basic procedure that everyone knows. Measuring my height and weight. Checking my heart rate. Going through my medical history. Looking at my skin and internal organs. All these normal things doctors do. Only instead of being covered by a piece of cloth, I was completely naked.
"So, Lex, how often are you naked?" He asked.
"The whole time. 100 percent of the time when I'm at home, and when I'm away from home it depends. I haven't worn any clothes in around two weeks as I hardly ever left where I lived previously, and this is my first time being away from Matt's house since Friday." I said.
"Well I think that's good. Living a life of nudity does no bodily harm. Though I recommend that you make sure the bottoms of your feet in the best of shape if your naked living includes not wearing shoes." The Doctor said.
"So what about your sex life? Has your nudism made it more enjoyable?" He asked.
"Oh yes. Absolutely. Especially now that I know what a great lover Matt is. And not only because of his size or technique, but also because of his knowledge and experience in every aspect of sex. He's taught me everything I need to know. Everything. And he's given me what I want. What I crave. His manhood deep inside of me. Every day. Without fail. Nothing compares to it." I said.
"And I'm sure Matt feels the same way about you." The doctor added.
After about an hour, the examination was over.
"Okay then. It's now time for your circumcision. And once that's over with, we'll move onto the laser hair removal. I'll put you on some gauze and a patch, and then I'll apply some ointment. I suggest you stay away from sex until after the ointment is gone, and your stitches have healed." the doctor said.
"Oh no worries sir. I don't use my penis for sex. I don't give anal, rather I get it." I replied.
"Interesting." He said.
"But one thing I wish to let you know. I don't use protection. I prefer to have my lover or any other man to lace me with their seed as to affirm my devotion to a life of gay sex." I said.
"Well I must let you know that that can come with health risks. But as long as you have all of your vaccines, I see no problems with you following through with your desire." He said.
"Yes sir. I have all of them." I said.
"Excellent. Now then. Let's move on to your circumcision." He said.
"Can't wait" I said.
With that, the doctor applied the numbing cream to my dick. Within minutes, I felt myself starting to tingle, and it started to feel really good. Once it kicked in fully, I didn't feel anything. Which made it easy to relax and not worry about the procedure hurting.
I just waited patiently for the procedure to start. Watching the clock as it ticked slowly toward the beginning. Matt held my hand during the whole procedure.
"You're doing wonderfully. Don't forget to breathe deeply." Matt said.
"Yes sir." I replied.
The doctor then began to clean the area with alcohol before removing the gauze from my dick.
After about a half hour, the procedure was finished.
"All done now. Your foreskin has now been removed" the doctor said.
"Just like that, Lexi. The head of your little penis is forever exposed for anyone to see. Do you like it?" Matt asked it.
"Oh Matt. I love it. I can't believe how wonderful it feels." I said.
"This just shows how perfectly I knew what you needed. To see the head of your penis. Everyday now whenever I see you, every inch of your body will be visible." Matt said.
"Yes Matt. Thank you. I love you so much." I said.
Once that was over with, we then moved over to the removal of my body hair.
"So Lexi, you ready for the hair removal?" The doctor asked.
"Oh yes. It's just what I need. Because I'm a submissive homosexual male, it's just not very appropriate for me to have hair bellow my eyes. I've been very good about shaving and trimming it everyday, but it's about time I have something more permanent so I won't have to do it anymore." I said.
"Okay then. If you don't mind, lay down on the bed." The doctor said.
"Why yes sir." I replied.
"Let's do this then." The doctor said.
I laid down on the table and waited for the laser to perform its magic. I closed my eyes and tried to concentrate on relaxing my body.
All I could think about was how smooth I am about to be for the rest of my life probably. And just imagining the sensation of running my hands across my smooth skin. No stubble. No hair. Just smoothness everywhere.
After what seemed like 10 minutes, the laser machine stopped.
"There you go Lexi. You're all smooth now. You still have your hair hair and eye hair, but nothing else. Have fun looking in the mirror now." The doctor said.
I looked in the mirror. My face, arms, legs, stomach, back, ass, chest, everything was hairless. I couldn't stop smiling.
"So how do I look, daddy?" I asked.
"Words cannot describe just how beautiful you have just become. Smooth and soft all over. The way I see it, every nudist male should ditch their body hair completely. " Matt said.
"Thank you Matt. I love you so much." I said.
And with that, me and Matt walked back to the truck and made our way home.
During the ride drive home, all I could do was run my hands on my absolutely hair-free body.
No more will I have to shave everyday. Not ever again. This feels amazing. Truly amazing.
When we got home, Matt took me to the bedroom, laid me onto my back, and started kissing me while saying :
"My Lexi, my perfect Lexi. My most beloved. Now that you are completely completely, I can finally claim you as mine. I will always keep you naked from now on, Lexi. Sexual privacy does not apply to you in my home." He said.
"Oh god yes! I am yours. Please fuck me! I want to feel your cock deep inside of me. Fuck me harder! Faster! With more force!" I screamed.
"No. Not right now. We're saving that for when we have visitors later this evening. For now, I just want to enjoy your perfection. Sit still. Close your eyes. Relax. Enjoy yourself." He said.
"Yes daddy. Thank you." I said.
For the next hour or so, I sat on the bed with Matt, letting him play with my body. Touching every part of my body. Loving every second of it. Loving my new smooth body. Loving being naked all the time. Loved having my master use me for his pleasure. Loved being totally and completely owned by my master.
"So I've already mentioned that my biker friends are our guests tonight. Knowing that nothing turns you on more than letting them fuck you, it is a treat you get for being a good boy." Matt said.
"Yes. I've been looking forward to them seeing me all day. I wish I can see them more often so I can live out my extreme fantasies a lot more." I said.
"God I love how open you are about your fantasies that are of the extreme variety. Like how extreme are you talking?" Matt asked.
"Like getting gang-raped by multiple horny muscular men with giant cocks and high amounts of testosterone. That sort of thing. You can even film it and put it up online so everyone can watch. " I said.
"Well in that case, I'm happy to say that my plan to help you realize your fantasies comes true today. And just in time too. They are here. Ready to fuck the shit out of you." He said.
"Oh god! Are they here already?" I asked.
"Yup. They're all set up in outside with the leather gear on. Why don't you go ahead and open the door for them?" He said.
"Oh thank you daddy." I said.
I grabbed the door handle, opened the door, and immediately stepped outside. All five members of the biker gang were standing there. All looking at me. Their eyes fixated on my body. And then they started whistling. At me. Looking me up and down. Starting at my dick, working their way down to my smooth body, to my asshole, to my bare feet, and then all the way back up to my erection. All the way to my face. Seeing me smile. Smiling at them. They wore black leather jackets, black jeans, black boots, black gloves, black helmets, chains, leather vests, and leather chaps.
Big and tall. And horny as hell.
"Oh. My. God! What a gorgeous man you are. So handsome. So hot. So sexy. Look at those legs. Those arms. That perfect hairless body." One of the guys said.
Another guy chimed in:
"Wow. This young man is truly incredible."
A third:
"Look at that gorgeous round bubble butt. Would love to pound into that tight ass of his."
And so on and so forth.
I couldn't take it. I had to step closer to them and let them admire me up close. Feel me up. Grab my ass. Kiss my lips. Run my hands through my body. Hug me. Hold me. Love me. Every inch of my skin was completely bare. Hairless. Naked.
"He's all yours boys." Said Matt from upstairs.
"We can just do whatever we desire with him?" One of the guys asked.
"Yes. You know how much he likes you guys. " Said Matt.
"Then what are we waiting for? Lets fuck the shit out of this gorgeous stud!" Another one said.
And with that, the strongest one grabbed me by force and started kissing me. Maybe not kissing, more mouth-raping. My lips were moving back and forth. I didn't resist. Didn't fight back. Didn't protest. Because I was enjoying it. He then proceeded to suck on my tongue. While grabbing my ass with both hands and squeezing hard. Feeling the rock hard abs underneath my fingers.
I reached behind me, grabbed his shoulders, pushed him away, and then turned around to face the others. I stared into their eyes. Giving them a seductive stare. I could see their dicks start to grow in their pants. I gave them an approving smile. A naughty smile. An approval smile. An okay smile. As if to tell them that it's okay for them to feel my perfect smooth body up close. And touch it.
He then started whispering dirty words in my ear. Words that sounded disgusting, yet turned me on at the same time. Calling me his whore. Slut. Faggot. Little girl. Daddy's girl. Lover. Pussy. Good girl. Whore. Muffin. And the one word that I really wanted to hear. Slave. He whispered these dirty words repeatedly. Whispering them as he placed his hands on my waist, slowly pulled me towards him, pushed me against his bike, and lowered his cock inside my tight ass. While fucking me hard. I moaned. Moaned loudly. Panted. My ass felt full and stretched beyond its limits.
But it felt amazing. His cock stretching my anal ring and hitting the walls of my colon, but it felt so damn good.
The other four followed suit. Two of them went inside my mouth. Pushing their cocks deep inside. Then holding it there, while sucking hard. Making sure to swirl their tongues in circles. Keeping it going until I came.
Making sure I was screaming with pleasure. My throat would get sore, but I never complained. Never begged them to stop. I liked it. It felt good. I loved it. I wanted more. This is what I truly wanted. To be taken like this. On top of motorcycles. Fucked on the street in front of other people (maybe next time). Spreading my legs wide apart and bending over in front of a group of hungry hung bikers who only want one thing from me: my hole. Make me their slut. Allow them to violate my perfect body any way they want. Use me. Punish me. Hurt me. Let them abuse me. Make me their slave.
They did exactly that. They violated my body in ways that I thought were impossible. Things that I never knew existed. Each member of the biker gang was taking turns violating my asshole, mouth, neck, back, thighs, calves, ass, hips, butt cheeks, and my entire naked body.
Once my rape was over, I was so exhausted that the tallest and most muscular of the group (Tall Tony) lifted me up and carried me like a baby. He walked back into the house with me in his muscular arms and laid me down on the couch. He then stood in front of me, towering over me, with a smile on his face.
"Now this isn't nearly enough, sweetheart. You're so young and have such a perfect little tight little body. You deserve much more than this. So many gay men would kill to have you. So many who would crave your naked flesh. So many men who are willing to give anything for your freedom. Anything." He said.
"Another thing also, me and my boys here can't give each other gay sex. Each of us is too dominant and masculine to fuck one another. All we require is one submissive boy for all of us to share. And you fit that perfectly, Lexi. There's no other better suited boy out there for us. And it seems you don't mind. Which makes things even better for us. How's about we come back by tomorrow, and we'll take you with us for the night?" He asked.
"Yes please! Take me anywhere. Take me anywhere. Just let me be your bitch. Keep me naked. Treat me however you want. Abuse me whenever you want. Feed me cum whenever you want." I said.
"Well I must say that you have proven yourself worthy. For someone of your age to be this accepting, this obedient, and this desperate for attention and abuse, is something special indeed." Tall Tony said.
I could feel myself blushing. Proud that I have become this slutty slave. This shameless slave. Who begs to be raped and abused by these sexy bikers. I wanted to stay there forever. Be their slave. Be their plaything. Never again go out and interact with normal humans. Only interact with hot and sexy masculine bikers. A lifestyle that I truly enjoyed.
Tall Tony gave me a kiss on the cheek and walked out of the room. The other four followed him. Leaving me alone with Matt downstairs.
Matt looked at me with a smile.
"My good boy. Did you enjoy yourself?" He asked.
"I loved it. And I loved the men that fucked me. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to be used like that." I said.
"Good. But it's not over yet. If I recall correctly, they offered to take you out tomorrow night. I will allow it. I feel it's time to start living your new lifestyle far away from home as well. And it will be the same extreme treatment, only with the addition of not being in the comfort of my home. Who knows where they will take you. Well I do know, but I'm not gonna tell you. You will find out tomorrow. " Matt said.
"You see Lexi, I decided that in order for you to make this your forever lifestyle, you'll have to also start doing it away from my home as well. We already did it with the doctors office, now we will do it in more places. And I won't have to be the one to help you with it elsewhere because I know several different people who are willing to use you for their own sick and twisted desires. You will remain submissive to them and their wishes and they will keep you out of trouble. Plenty of the people I know are willing to pay me to use you as a whore. Do you like the sound of that? Do you want to be a fag whore?" He asked.
"Please sir. Please let me do it. It sounds exciting. I'd love to be treated like that. Having my brains fucked out and treated like a slut by people I never met. Using me for their sexual needs. To spread my legs wide open and bend over in public places. It sounds so exhilarating. Keep the money for yourself. I want nothing. All I want is to be a whore. A slut. A boy toy. I want to belong to you and to whoever else is willing to own me. I am yours, Master. I am yours to use, abuse, degrade, humiliate, punish, torture, and sell. Forever." I said.
Matt smiled.
"And that's not even the end of it. Someday I want to take it to the absolute fullest potential." I said.
"And how would you see it?" Matt asked.
"I would like to get married. And not just some marriage that can end at any moment. I mean the kind that is very strict. A covenant marriage. A one where with my consent, I am not an equal. Just like an old fashion style marriage where the wife is expected to serve her husband and obey him at all times. And my husband is expected to discipline and punish me when I disobey him. This will be strictly enforced. And I would also drop my last name in favor of my husbands lasts name. It will show how committed I am to being his submissive boy wife." I said.
Matt gave me a long look before saying anything.
"Lexi, never in my life did I ever think I would hear that. That's the kind of marriage I like the thought of as well. I've always liked the idea of taking gay marriage and making it have the same level of commitment as any traditional marriage does. If a man wants to call himself my husband, then he'll have to treat me as his husband. Like a wife would her husband. Respect me, obey me, worship me, obey my every wish. I want that too. But for now, we don't need to worry about marriage. But if you were to still he with me for the next few years, on one of those days I will officially propose. And you will be my boy bride." he said.
"Thank you. I will gladly be your boywife someday." I said.
"I know you will. And I can't wait till that day is here. But you're still 19, so it's best to give it time. But during that wait, I will spend loads of time doing research on marriage styles that are on the more archaic side. I know there are several traditions and practices that are no longer practiced. Ones that I think will be great for our lifestyle." Matt said.
"Oh yeah? What are they?" I asked.
"Let's just say that I have many plans for you and I, honey." Matt said.
"Sounds wonderful." I said.