Wendy is 5' 6" and pretty, with wholesome "girl next door" looks, light brown hair and a nice body. I was proud to take her to meet my parents the first time. She has very fair skin, and her eyes are a striking green. When she looks at you, you know you are being looked at. Her breasts are 34 C with a nice teardrop shape. Her nipples and aureoles are small and pink. She grew up in a religious family, and was taught to save herself for marriage. She didn't think she would make it that far, but did want to save herself until she was in love with the guy. When we started going together, she was a three hole virgin. That only lasted two weeks.
It took her awhile to learn to reach orgasm during intercourse, but once she did, she took to it like a duck to water. Her comment after the first time: "So that's what it's all about. Wow!"
Back then she enjoyed sex but was rather passive until the end when she was about to cum. Oh, she humped me back as I was humping her during the act, but she was never the aggressor. As she was reaching orgasm, she would hump me harder, her body would spasm and she would give a quiet low moan. It was easy to know when she had her orgasm. When she was top, however, she would set the pace and take charge.
After we had been together a while, I realized she was a budding exhibitionist. When we would go to the lake, she would get naked as soon as we pulled the boat into shallow water. Over time, she got braver with this, and enjoyed having sex where she probably would be observed. She was braver than I was. I could usually talk her into finding a more secluded spot, but sometimes not. Once she was naked and sunning herself, she didn't care who pulled up in a boat or walked by. She wouldn't put her bikini back on. Her standard comment to me was, "I was here first." She is now an experienced little exhibitionist, with thousands of men having seen her naked over the years.
At first her willingness to get naked in public was a bit shocking, considering her relatively shy personality, but in time I got used to it. After a while I found that I enjoyed it, not as much as she did, but it was fun to see her naked in public and semi public places without a care in the world.
My parents have a condo on the Gulf Coast of Florida. We would go down for two weeks in the summer when they weren't there. That is where this story begins on this particular vacation. Wendy wanted me to incorporate a story she wrote about our first time having sex on the beach at the very beginning of this vacation. So I think I will let her tell her story about our sex on the beach before I proceed with the remainder of our vacation.
Wendy:
My husband and I usually take one or two trips a year to his parents' condo on the beach in SW Florida. When I am in an environment that has sun, sand and water, it brings out the worst in me. I become very adventurous.
I had always wanted to have sex on the beach. Sure, I have done it on beaches at different lakes a bunch of times, but I wanted to do it on a real beach, where I could hear the waves as they hit the beach. When I would bring it up with my husband, his response was, "It's just too crowded." And he was right. But I was determined. Then a plan started forming. As he is fond of saying, "With Wendy, there is always a plan."
On most days in SW Florida, thunderstorms form in the late afternoon—convection thunderstorms fueled by the late afternoon heat and the ever present humidity. When one starts rolling in, the beach quickly clears. They usually come in from the South, so that part of the beach empties first. My plan was to be ready for that to happen. I told my husband and he was OK with it, a bit skeptical, but still onboard with it.
Even though the beach is across the street from the condo, there is a large parking lot in between. Total distance is about 200 yards to the beach, so I thought we should drive over and park the car. Timing would be everything, and I didn't want to be caught out in a thunderstorm as we were coming back from what I hoped to be my latest adventure.
On this particular day we had our showers and were ready. Sure enough, I could see a thunderstorm building to the South and out to sea. So we got in the car, drove over and started walking down the beach headed South. I only saw one person on that part of the beach. It had cleared out quickly. Hopefully, he would soon be off the beach, and we could implement the plan. Since it was a guy, I decided if he wasn't off the beach by the time we got to our spot, I was going to go ahead and implement the plan anyway. It would just be his lucky day. We knew there would be no one coming from the parking lot/restaurant area because of the approaching storm. By the time we got to our spot, the guy was gone. Too bad; he would have gotten a good live sex show.
On this stretch of the beach there are large and very nice beach houses along the shore. The place I had in mind was a small cut out area where the waves had dug out a little semi secluded spot. It was about 3' into the bank which was maybe 2' high at this point. So we would have some privacy from the part of the beach we had just come from, about 400 yards from the restaurant/parking lot area. The only problem was the houses that overlooked the beach and our spot. My husband was reluctant because anyone in two of those houses could look out and watch us. For me that only added to the excitement.
He was reluctant until I stripped off my bikini and stood there naked in front of him. We put the beach towel down, careful to not let any sand get on it. He pulled off his swim suit, and I was presented with a nice boner. There we were, standing naked on the beach with houses in front of us. What a rush! I was beginning to leak. We stood there and kissed for a bit before we got on the towel. I didn't want to prolong it because I was afraid of someone in one of the houses calling the police. Plus the thunderstorm was headed our way.
We then lay down and continued kissing while he fondled my breasts and fingered my very wet womanhood. I got on top and easily completed penetration. I was humping him pretty hard as I was really aroused. I could see the houses in front of us, but it no longer concerned me; I was getting close to orgasm. Then I saw a guy come out of the house to our left. He didn't see us and was rolling up a garden hose maybe 80' from us. I was humping my husband harder and faster when I saw him look up and notice us. My breasts were bouncing like crazy as I was really pounding my husband. His looking at us put me over the edge, and I had a huge orgasm while we stared at each other. I told my husband about the man and told him we needed to get out of there.
As I was standing up, I turned around to give him a look at my cute butt, then turned facing him, bent over, gave him a view of my hangers, picked up my bikini and stood there to give him a good view of my front side. I held that pose for a few seconds while my husband slipped on his swim trunks. Then I put my bikini bottoms on, picked up the towel and we quickly got out of there. I put my top on as we walked on the beach back to the parking lot.
Fortunately, there was no one else on the beach, either coming or going, so the only one to have seen us was that one man. I gave him a very good show, and he gave me a great orgasm. I hope he went inside and jacked off after we left. My husband? He didn't get to nut as I got off of him as soon as I was finished. It was my fantasy after all.
We made it back to the car and to the condo before the rains came. My husband's memory is different; he says we got soaked in the rain. I took pity on my husband when we got back. I lay down, spread my legs and let him stick it in me. I was still wet from having just gotten fucked. He rutted around for a minute or so and got his nut.
That all worked out better than I had planned. Not only did a stranger get to watch me as we had sex, he got to watch while I had my orgasm and we stared at each other. I discussed all of this with my husband at dinner, with both of us getting aroused again. I'm not sure what he thought of another man getting to see me naked, watching me have sex while my breasts bounced and finally to watch as I had my orgasm. Not sure he bought into all of it, but it did arouse him as we had sex again after we got back to the condo.
Every time we would walk down the beach in front of his house, I would make sure to wear the same bikini I had worn that day. I wanted him to know I was the one who had performed for him. Never saw him outside, but I like to think he saw me from the house and jacked off again.
So, that is my story of the first time I got fucked on a real beach. It was absolutely delicious and set the tone for what was to later come on this vacation.
Not far from the condo is the marina where I did the adult Halloween party (Wendy's Adventures, Part 4). We would occasionally visit our friends there for other and more tame parties. Oh, there was nudity, it is a boat after all, but no Halloween craziness like we did at that party. I was bad at that party. And many of those were people I knew and we would see again. Even when I would see the guys again and knew they had seen up inside my vagina and my spread anus, it didn't bother me. In fact it was arousing to know how much of me they had seen. I had given views only a husband should have. They have all seen me naked since then, but not spread like a common slut.
I would like to have a do over of that party. This time I think I could hold out until I impaled myself on my husband. I would love to fuck him in front of our audience. What an orgasm I would have.
We sometimes have cook out parties on that boat. There are grills on the shore as the swing out grills on the boat are way too small to cook for a group of people. One of my favorite activities is to strip naked on the boat and walk on the dock to the grill on shore where our host is cooking steaks or burgers. The guys tend to congregate around the grill. After that first night at the Halloween party when I walked naked on the dock and had my butt groped by Brad, it has become a sexual trigger for me to do that. I love to walk barefoot and feel the texture of the wooden dock on the soles of my bare feet. It is a turn on for me. I carry my flip flops so my feet will have protection after I leave the dock.
So, after walking barefoot on the dock, by the time I get to the grill I am already a bit aroused. Then I see guys there who have never seen me naked before, and I start to leak. I love the shocked look on their faces when they see a naked girl walking toward them with her breasts jiggling. What fun. I will stay and talk with them until time for more wine, then they get to see the rear view as I am leaving.
By the time the cookout starts, the marina management has long since left the premises, so there is little chance of my getting in trouble by walking naked on the dock and hanging around the grill. Plus, most of the day trippers have left their boats for home. I have never seen a Deputy's car there. It is one place where I can be naked in public and not worry about getting in trouble. I take advantage of it to the delight of the guys.
It's more fun for me to be naked in a public place than it is to be naked on the boat. The farther I am from my clothes, the more of a rush it is for me. Just knowing anyone could drive up at any time puts me on the edge, especially when my clothes are more than 5 minutes away. Plus, I find it arousing to be the only naked girl around a group of clothed men. And my husband doesn't mind that I spend time naked at the grill with the guys. He knows the most I will let them do is to squeeze my butt or feel me up. In a setting like that, my pussy and anus are marital territory, and strangers don't get to finger those private areas. On the other hand, my breasts and my butt are public property.
Even though I enjoy being fondled, I will say the guys at the parties have never touched me, unless I have invited them to do so. Usually it starts out with one of the guys at the grill complimenting me on having nice breasts (or a nice butt). I will thank him and tell him it is OK to feel them if he likes. When it comes to matters of sex, men are fast learners. As the guy next to the one who complimented me sees his buddy fondling my breasts, he also gives me a compliment. Well, he too gets to feel me up. So around it goes with me getting felt up by every man at the grill. Then someone thinks to compliment me on having a nice butt . . . . It's OK for the guys to grope my butt cheeks and to even put their finger on my anus and rub it, but they can't put it inside. My anus is an erogenous zone for me, and it is quite the turn on to have other men rub it. At first both my anus and my pussy were off limits, but we have loosened up since we started this. I don't think my husband knows just how much I have loosened up as the grille area isn't visible from the boat. And that's good as I wouldn't want him to see all the guys feel me up and grope me. That's slutty behavior, and I don't want him to think of me as a slut, but to respect me.
When I return to the boat for more wine, I will stand around and talk to our hosts and the other guests. By this time other women are naked, or at least topless. The aft deck has a shower head, and I use it to my advantage. After walking around naked and standing by the grill, I am usually sweaty and smell of smoke. So, it's time for a shower. Usually there are some guys hanging around the aft deck who will be my audience. I start showering while they watch. I spread my labia to get my womanhood nice and clean. After my genitals are clean, I will then turn around, and, with my rear facing them, stick my butt out a bit, spread my cheeks wide and wash my butt hole. I make sure they get a good look at it all the way up to the redeye. I mean, I am taking a shower; they ought to know to give me some privacy and not stare. Such fun because they do stare! Not sure my husband knows I have done these tricks. Some things husbands are just better off not knowing.
After I am clean, I will talk to whoever is on the aft deck until the food is ready. It is arousing to know the guys I am talking to have seen my spread pussy and have seen all of my asshole. When the food is ready, I usually sit cross legged on one of the couches with my plate next to me. Any guy across from me gets a good spread view of it. What fun! By now I have had enough wine that I don't worry about keeping my legs together while seated. I may have one foot on the deck with the other foot on the seat. While not a full spread, it does give a good view of my genitals. Probably a view only a husband should get. But I am an exhibitionist after all, and my husband is used to it. I think he likes for other men to see me naked and to see my spread pussy.
Mr. Wendy:
Sex on the beach and nudity at the marina had gotten her little motor running at high speed. Every night when we went to dinner, she would dress revealingly. Usually she would wear shorts or a mini skirt and one of her midriff tops with spaghetti straps. The top was thin, clingy and showed off her breasts and her hard little nipples. Not much was left to the imagination as she never wears a bra or panties while on vacation. Evidently dressing this way was a turn on for her as she wanted sex every night after dinner. She had strong orgasms each time.
The condo is on the 4th floor with a balcony we would enjoy in the late afternoons and evenings after the usual afternoon thunderstorm was through the area. It was neat to watch the sun set behind the ocean.
A day or so after our sex on the beach, we began to notice a young blonde guy riding his road bike in the late afternoons in the parking lot. We called him the "Bicycle Guy." Once we noticed his bicycle on the balcony in the building directly across from us and one story up, so he had an excellent view down into our balcony and our condo. Wendy became excited when I pointed this out to her. He was there with another guy and a woman. We later learned it was the bicycle guy's brother and the brother's wife.
Early one evening as we were leaving for dinner, Wendy, out of the blue, said, "I would like to get some strange, and there's the guy I want." She pointed to the bicycle guy who was riding toward us, having just turned into the parking lot. I was totally stunned. Stunned that my wife would be this forward and aggressive about having sex with another man. It was totally out of character for her, except perhaps for her exhibitionism.
We went to dinner and probably discussed her doing him, but I was still in shock and don't remember much of the conversation. When we got back to the condo we sat outside in the dark on the balcony, had drinks and continued talking about the Bicycle Guy. She had taken off her top and shorts. She was naked, and I was beginning to lust after her again. We had done it earlier before dinner, but our needs were growing, especially considering the nature of the discussion.
I had not told her no, but was discussing it with her. She was making her case for having sex with him. She noted that she had only had one sexual partner her entire life, and I had had a bunch of them. She wasn't looking for parity in numbers, but would like to do it with someone else to see what it was like. She said if I said no, she would accept it. She made the point that we could try it this one time, and if either of us was uncomfortable with it, that would be the end of it; she wouldn't ask again.
After I got over my shock (it felt like a gut punch), I began to consider her argument in favor of doing him. As we were talking about it, we were discussing the ground rules and any limits on what she could do with him. I placed no limits on her. She could do whatever she felt comfortable doing. I realized that I had implicitly agreed to her having sex with another guy without actually saying yes. Then the idea began to turn me on. I couldn't believe I was getting sexually aroused thinking about my sweet little wife with another man. But there it was. At the same time it left a sick feeling in my gut. I was conflicted over the idea.
She was getting aroused as well. She pulled my shorts down and started giving me head while I fondled her breasts. Up until about a year ago only a few guys had the honor of fondling them. Through high school and college she had been very circumspect in allowing guys to enjoy her sexual favors. She was saving herself for her first love. She loosened up quite a bit after we got married.
After a few minutes of this I put my hand between her legs and found that she was soaking wet. The topic of the conversation had definitely turned her on. We went back in the condo and had some of the best sex we had ever had. I think she was probably fantasizing about doing the bicycle guy.
The next morning when we awakened, I suddenly realized what we had been talking about the night before, and was hoping she had forgotten about it. That little sick feeling in my gut was beginning to stir.
We went about our business the next day as normal, and didn't discuss the bicycle guy anymore. After she had her afternoon shower and had washed her hair, she went on the balcony in her beach coverup to dry her hair. After a few minutes I saw she had removed the cover up and was sitting in the chaise naked. Anyone in the 8 story condo across from us could look out the window and see her, and anyone on the main road or the parking lot could see her as well. That didn't bother her one bit.
She came in after about an hour on the balcony, and walked in naked without putting her coverup on. I asked her why she was sunning naked. She explained that she wanted to get the ball rolling and thought that if the bicycle guy saw her naked, he would get interested. So much for her forgetting about our conversation of the day before. She did that several times with no results. Neither the bicycle guy nor his brother was out there when she was out. Of course they could have been watching from the window, but we had no way of knowing that.
She had been hoping he would notice her and call the apartment. The way the condos are set up, the internal phone numbers are easy to figure out, based on the floor and the location of the apartment on the floor. She had figured out his phone number, but wasn't brave enough to call. As it turned out he and his brother had noticed her and enjoyed watching her dry her hair in the afternoons. He just hadn't been brave enough to call her, probably because of me. And they didn't come on the balcony to watch as they were afraid that would spook her and send her back inside. Hah!
This was back in the day before it was common for women to shave bare, shave to a landing strip or to wax. She had a bush that she kept neatly trimmed for her bikini. One day she lay on the bed with a pair of scissors and a towel underneath her. She asked me to trim her up. She said that with the hair, it would be difficult for him to see her womanhood, and that she had another plan in mind. Her outer labia are nice and plump with a part of her inner lips and clitoral hood barely protruding. It is a nice looking pussy.
I asked her how much she wanted me to trim off, and she said enough to make it very visible. So, I got to work on her, trimming off almost all of the hair on her labia. After I made her femininity visible, I trimmed some off the bush so it would be a better match. Then she turned over and asked me to shave around her butthole. I didn't know exactly what she had in mind, but I did know I was trimming her pubic and anal hair so another man (or men) could better see her pussy and her most intimate of body parts—her asshole. I didn't know how to feel about that, but it was arousing. But again I was conflicted as that little sick feeling in the pit of my stomach was stirring.
I did a good job that she was satisfied with. As I was trimming her, I noticed she was getting aroused. She had her shower, washed her hair, and walked naked to her chaise on the balcony. She didn't even bother with the coverup. As I watched her through the sliding glass door, I knew what a good view she was giving to anyone in the opposite building with her labia now fully exposed. She would put one foot down on the deck on one side of the chaise and the other foot down on the other side. Occasionally, she would bring one foot up on the chaise while the other stayed on the deck with both of her legs slightly parted. Her business end was directly facing the bicycle guy's condo. She was giving a view that only I should have. But I did find it arousing, and I knew it was arousing for her.
Still the target had not made an appearance on the balcony. After her hair was dry, she came inside, and we started discussing dinner and what to do about sex. At around 5:30 the bicycle guy and his brother came outside and sat on the balcony with drinks. Wendy suddenly sprang into action. She put on her coverup, naked underneath, got some shells we had collected over the past several days, a large bowl of water and went back out on the balcony. She squatted down with her legs spread and began to wash the sand from the shells. There she was, all spread apart with the two guys about 70' away, getting a good look at her aroused womanhood. And so was anyone else looking out of one of the windows on that side of the building.
Again I was shocked at her actions, but as I realized what she was doing, I began to get into it. When she becomes aroused, her inner vulva become a bright red. As she is fair skinned, her inner vulva and her asshole are naturally pink.
I knew the view the guys were getting, and it was a turn on for me. This is the main reason she wanted me to trim her: so she could spread and let them see all of her without it being covered with hair. She was ignoring them and making it appear she was simply washing sand from her shells and had no idea they were out there. A good little actress, that Wendy.
After 5 minutes or so of exposing herself in different positions with her legs spread, she came back inside. She was soaking wet. No need to discuss anything about when we would have sex. She peeled off her coverup, and we did it with her having a tremendous orgasm. At dinner that night all she could talk about was the bicycle guy and the views she gave him. I reminded her that the other guy also got the same views. Her position was that he was just collateral damage. For me it was doubly exciting for two men to have seen her spread labia. After a while she agreed with me and noted that I appeared to be really getting into it.
As it became obvious he wasn't going to call her, she came up with a plan to meet him.
The next afternoon she was sitting outside while naked and drying her hair. Suddenly she jumped up, came inside, grabbed her coverup, hastily put it on and ran out the front door, saying she wouldn't be gone long. I hoped not as she was naked underneath the mesh coverup. In the front it folds over and ties with a belt, so there is overlapping coverage that blocks just a bit of the view of her breasts and pubic hair, but they are still very visible, especially the dark pubic hair. From the rear, her butt is clearly visible, almost as if she is wearing nothing. A view from either the front or the rear makes it obvious she has nothing on underneath. I couldn't believe my wife was going out in public dressed that way—essentially naked. As it turned out, she was only going to the parking lot, but still . . . .
The summer is the low season, and the resort was about 1/3 full, so it isn't as if people were everywhere. She had spotted the bicycle guy riding around the parking lot (it is a huge parking lot with 5 high rise condos), and she was going out to intercept him at the rear of our building.
When she came back about an hour later, I was concerned about other people seeing her while she was in the parking lot and asked her if any cars had gone by. She said, "Yea, probably 3 or 4 and a couple of walkers."
"You do realize you were standing in the parking lot essentially naked don't you?"
"Hmm, I hadn't thought about that. Well, I hope they got a good look at me," she giggled.
Again I explained that I didn't want her to get reported to management and have my parents find out about her wanton nakedness. She said she understood and wouldn't go in the parking lot dressed like that again. But she still wanted to sit naked on the balcony. I told her I thought that would be OK as long as she didn't spread her legs. Some parting of her legs as she had done in the past would be OK, but no full spreads. She reluctantly agreed. I think she was planning on giving the bicycle guy and his brother a full spread while on her chaise in the next few days. I told her that when she spread for the bicycle guy, he wasn't the only one to benefit from the view, but anyone on that side of the building could see all of her pussy. That didn't bother her a bit, but I was concerned she would get reported. So we reached a compromise: she could sit naked on the chaise with her legs parted but not spread. If she wanted to spread her legs for the bicycle guy, she could do her shell trick with her coverup on. Her coverup wouldn't cover her pussy, but it would make it less obvious what she was doing. It would appear accidental. If my parents hadn't owned the condo, I wouldn't care how much she spread her legs. I had become used to her being a wanton exhibitionist.
This concludes the Exhibitionist portion of this story. It will be continued in another category in a month or so.