I guess I should set this up by explaining something about myself. I have always been public play with my partners. Not necessarily fucking in front of people, though. I like to be more sneaky about it. I want to feel up my guy without anyone noticing. I want to get him so worked up, that he almost can't help but just fuck me in front of people. I want his cock straining against his pants so hard you can make out the details of his veins. I love the look on a guys face when I push him into a secluded area of a store, or slip into a room at a friends house, and just run my hand along his crotch. Whispering to him all the dirty things I want to do to him. Watching his face as he is half worried we are going to get caught, but also half so turn on he doesn't care if we get caught. Every now and then, I get a little carried away and take it too far... This is one of those times...
When I was in college I had dated this guy who I knew I wouldn't marry or anything like that, but we had so much fun together and our sexual chemistry was on point. He loved my teasing and it always drove him to fuck me super hard. He was one of the few guys I've been with that I would say could truly match my wild side.
So one day we went to the mall because he needed to get fitted for a suit for a wedding he needed to be in for his brother. The lady in the store took all his measurements and we left. Being your typical girl, I couldn't just go to the mall and not shop around a bit. So we went to a couple different stores, including VS. I was a little surprised that he showed no hesitation walking into the store with me, because most guys I had been with in the past hated going into that store. He walked right in like it was Macy's.
I thought I would have some fun with this and tease him a little, grabbing the sexiest outfits I could find. As I asked him what he thought of each one, I could start to make out the outline of his cock in his pants. This was turning him on, and I loved it. Knowing this, I would purposely walk by him, dragging my hand up his crotch, my nails lightly grazing over his hardening member. I was honestly getting a little too worked up myself.
As we were leaving the store and heading toward the car, he was whispering all of the dirty things he was wanting to do to me. I guarantee some of which was overheard by some people as they passed by us. I could feel myself getting increasingly wet, and as we were approaching one of the family bathrooms, I grabbed his hand and pulled him in.
I shut the door locking it behind us and immediately grabbed him and started kissing him. I could feel him undoing his pants, and when he pulled his cock out I looked him in the eyes...
"Tell me what you want baby" I said with a smile, full well knowing exactly what he wanted.
He didn't say anything he grabbed his cock in one hand and my hair with the other and forced me down to his throbbing hard on. I took it in my mouth right away. I didn't waste any time. I was so horny.
The blowjob I gave him was so sloppy. I took his dick down my throat, I spit all over it, a mixture of my spit and his precum were running down my chin and dripping onto the bathroom floor. He grabbed my hair and fucked my face. Neither one of us wanted this to be a sensual experience. His goal was to get off, and mine was to get him off, as quickly as possible.
I could feel his cock start pulsing. He grabbed my hair pulling me back, and stroked his cock, almost immediately, he erupted all over my face. Some of it hitting my face, some landing in my mouth, and some getting on my shirt. I took his cock back in my mouth, and sucked it for another minute, making sure to get everything. I went to grab a paper towel to wipe off his cum, when he grabbed me.
"Don't wipe it off" He said, walk out to the car like that.
I wasn't prepared for that request at all, but decided to make the most of it. "What do I get as a reward if I do it?" I said smiling at him. He knew damn well exactly what I wanted as a reward. I tried talking him into letting me do it, and now was my best opportunity to get him to agree.
He hesitated for a moment, clearing debating if this request of his was worth what awaited him when we got home.
"Fine" He finally agreed.
As we walked out of the bathroom, I would be lying if I said seeing the way people were staring at me wasn't turning me on. Some people looked with concern, like they were wondering what the hell happened to me, while you could tell others knew exactly what was all over my face.
As we approached the car and got in, I leaned over and whispered in his ear.
"Get ready baby, because when we get home, you are all mine."