In the royal bedchamber, a naked woman, knelt on the bed between two muscular figures.
The one behind her was driving his hard cock into her over and over as if his life depended on it.
At the other end the man with his cock in her mouth seemed less enthusiastic.
The queen, for that is who she was, seemed merely a puppet. A rag doll, pushed back and forth between the hard cocks of her partners.
Surrounding them, a collection of men and women in fine robes watched the spectacle in an almost clinical manner, as if preparing to award scores and medals to the participants.
"Time!"
One of the crowd held up an hourglass for all to see and the action on the bed stopped briefly.
The man who had been pumping the queen's pussy scowled and exchanged places with the man in her mouth who seemed to breathe a sigh of relief.
Once they were both in position the hourglass was inverted so the sand started to trickle through again and then put down on a small table for all to see.
"Resume" came the formal command and, before the word had even echoed off the stone walls, the man now in her pussy was fucking for all he was worth.
He was a Nubian. Jet black with big bulging muscles and a huge cock. He also had tremendous stamina and staying power but today that would count against him.
When the old king had died without issue that had caused a big problem.
With no clear heir it was almost inevitable that a war would ensue between the kingdom's two neighbours to seize control.
Neither neighbour really wanted a war. They were costly and unpopular with those getting killed in them.
The kingdom itself, being right in the middle stood to be hit hardest of all so a clever compromise was proposed.
If the queen were to become pregnant with the child of one of the neighbouring princes that child could be accepted as the heir and form the basis of an alliance that would ensure peace and stability.
They would, of course, also be a puppet ruler under the control of the neighbour that fathered them, so the stakes were high.
The whole process had to be fair and, above all, open and above board.
The queen couldn't just quietly have an affair with one, or certainly not both.
No, this had to be a very public affair. Literally, the impregnation must be done in such a way that neither side could be seen to be at an advantage.
At first it was proposed that the act be played out in the main courtyard of the castle for all to see but after objections, not least from the queen, a compromise was struck whereby the act would be done in her private bedchambers under the scrutiny of dignitaries and officials from both sides.
To avoid bias each side would be permitted to choose their own champion, the most virile of their noble princes, to take part in the proceedings.
As soon as someone deposited their seed in the queen's fertile womb the contest was over, and everyone would retire to await the results.
To ensure fairness a timer would be used to give each man one minute at a time inside her.
The cock sucking was the queen's suggestion to keep the opponent hard and save time. It was also agreed that the possibility of losing control and ejaculating in the queen's mouth added an extra challenge to the proceedings which where, after all, supposed to be a test of champions.
As the fucking continued the queen allowed herself to be pushed forward, forcing the thick white cock in her mouth deeply into her tight throat; The sensation making her gag and struggle for breath but also increasing the stimulation of the white prince's cock.
The man in front of her pulled back but, constrained by the rules, was forbidden from completely removing it from her mouth.
The queen swirled her tongue around the engorged head of the cock in her mouth, paying special attention to the sensitive underside and its extra sensitive little bumps.
Her right hand, already cupping and playing with his balls deftly slid forwards and with it, her extended index finger which penetrated deeply into his asshole.
The large white man in front of her grunted, clearly struggling to keep control.
He tried to pull away, but she brought her free hand round his back to pull him in closer and maintained a tight grip his heavy ball sack preventing him from escaping her probing finger.
He squirmed and she tasted his pre-cum oozing into her mouth - a sure sign that he couldn't hold out much longer.
The cock pumping into her soaking pussy seemed to be having no such problem.
The Nubian was thrusting the full length of his iron hard member rapidly in and out of her. Each violent thrust filling her completely and stretching her battered pussy to its very limit.
His toned body glistened with sheen of sweat but he was clearly nowhere near coming.
"Time!" the proceedings were again interrupted, and the men prepared to swap ends.
It looked as if the white prince would win.
He was already close to cumming and would surely be able to squirt his seed before the hourglass ran out for what must be the final time.
The white prince pulled his cock rapidly out of the queen's mouth, eager to get it back into her pussy before the ejaculation he knew was already boiling at the base of his rod, ready to burst forth and plant his baby in her waiting womb.
Then, disaster struck. The queen lost her balance for a second causing her teeth to graze over the prince's over sensitized cock head as it left her mouth and triggering the immediate release of copious amounts of cum that jetted over her face and into her open mouth.
The officials quickly agreed that, since the man was not in her pussy at the time the queen should suck any remaining sperm from the man's penis before the proceedings continued.
This she dutifully did but everyone knew that, having cum, it would be some time before he would be able to do so again.
The contest was effectively over.
The prince, clearly recognising this, scowled angrily as he struggled to force his now half hard and unwilling cock into her pussy.
He seemed to have barely got it in there before time was called again and the Nubian took his turn to slip back inside her.
His cock seemed to have grown bigger and harder now as he fucked her with slow, relaxed strokes.
The pressure was off, and he could enjoy the sensation of fucking her tight young pussy.
As the sands trickled through the hourglass, he steadily increased the speed of his fucking to match the thrusts and moans from the writhing queen beneath him.
Skilfully adjusting the angle and depth of his thrusts whilst teasing her hard clit he drew orgasm after orgasm out of her.
He smiled, knowing that the copious juices that were pouring out of her would ease the way for his potent sperm and ensure success.
Just as the last few grains of sand were draining into the bottom chamber of the hourglass he grunted and thrust forwards assuredly as he pumped jet after jet of his boiling seed deep into her womb.
The force was enough to cause his opponent to lose his footing and fall backwards, cursing as he lay sprawled his back in defeat on the floor.
Victory in his grasp, the Nubian held his cock deep inside the queen as his heavy balls emptied their massive load into the queen, her face now buried in the bedsheets and her ass in the air.
When he felt the last tremor in his cock had subsided, he pulled his still hard cock out of her and wiped it down on the bedsheets.
He smiled, certain in the knowledge that he had put a baby into her that would ensure the peace, prosperity and power he had come here seeking.
Her face, buried deeply in the bedclothes, the exhausted queen smiled too.
It had been a risk, particularly using her teeth like that whilst jamming her finger up onto his prostate, but it seemed to have paid off because if anyone saw they'd kept their silence.
The baby that had already been growing inside of her, courtesy of an unguarded moment with a particularly handsome Nubian servant, would now be accepted as the child of the Nubian prince.
As long as no-one looked too closely of course.
And if someone did? Well people have accidents all the time.
Just like the late king and, though she thought it a waste of a great cock, the Nubian slave.