Illustrated version available on request to Author
For some reason, on this particular night, Millicent moved around her room thinking seriously about what it would be like to show herself off; to actually do it instead of just thinking about it.
Just the idea of it took her breath away. At first she reasoned there was no possible way. It would be much too embarrassing. But the other half of her hormone racked brain really wanted to do it. Before she knew it she was compromising with herself.
Maybe not naked, but just my underwear ... it would be just as exciting and I won't have shown everything.
The idea of inciting lust in whoever was lurking outside had an awfully powerful appeal to the teenage girl.
Millicent avoided looking at her window or even moving close to it. She pretended no one was outside looking in and that helped her past her normal shyness. Next she fiddled around her room, acting as if she was looking for something as she tried to formulate what she wanted to do. This was important. She was going to flash an unknown admirer. Millicent wasn't sure if she actually had the nerve to do it. She wanted too, but would she really do it?
She suddenly realized that she was already starting to undress. Her hands shook as she mentally chastised herself not to remove anything too deliberately so as to alert her watcher that she was doing it mainly for his benefit. She wanted to maintain the charade that she was ostensibly at the very least, not the kind of girl to do something like this on purpose!
And so Millicent strove to repeat as closely as possible the manner in which she disrobed each and every night, only this time the light was on and the shade up. First off came the t-shirt, which she tossed on the bed. Next came the shorts, leaving her in bra and panties.
The sound of her heart beating was so loud in her ears that she wouldn't have heard a train go by outside. There was an unparalleled feeling of exhilaration she had never felt before as she paraded around the room in bra and panties in front of ...
________________________________________
"Jesus Christ, Brody, would'ja lookit them tits!"
Brody was already focused on Millicent O'Sullivan's magnificent mammaries. They were truly superior specimens, worthy of a Playboy Centerfold, or even the worship given to the finest--feminine bodies in Hollywood.
Brody and his best buddy, Jackie Slattery were crouched behind a massive oak, with Brody having a slightly higher vantage point as they peered into the young teen's bedroom window.
Slattery had noticed Millie prancing around her room in a leotard two nights earlier, and had returned with Brody the following night only to be greeted by a darkened room.
"You gotta see her tits jumping around in that leotard," he'd excitedly told Brody, "Ain't ever been anything like it!'
Brody concurred, he hadn't seen anything like it either and while neither boy knew what Millicent's breast size amounted too, they both hungered to see more of them, and would dream about the possibility of somehow getting to touch them.
And although Millicent wasn't wearing the leotard, she actually had less clothing on then the previous evening. For her show, and yes it was a show she was putting on, she wore a pair of scalloped cotton panties and a pair of white thigh highs.
"Think she knows we're out here watchin' her?" he asked Slattery.
"Oh, I doubt it. I mean, she don't show them off in school, ya know?"
"That's true," Brody said while thinking about seeing her walking the halls at school and sitting two rows from him in Math class without taking his eyes from her jiggling breasts as she mimicked a stripper strutting her stuff in front of a full length mirror.
________________________________________
Millicent was still posturing in front of her mirror, using it for two purposes: one to determine the best poses to emphasize her breasts, or boobies, and to keep an eye on her unknown admirer hiding behind the oak tree in her yard.
Who could it be? Whoever it is, he's taking a chance being a peeping Tom. What if it isn't a guy my age? What if it's a dirty old man?
"Ugh," she grunted in disgust at the very thought of some old geezer watching her boobies bouncing around the way she was moving. But what if that peeper is a girl, or a woman? Oh my God, wouldn't that be something? Maybe I should tell Cindy about this?
The lithe teen smiled as she recalled that just two months before her breasts were merely apple sized, cute enough, but not anywhere close to those of her mother or her Aunt Clarice, whose bra size was 36-DD. Even Mom is in awe of Aunt Clarice's tits, Millicent told herself.
And Mom's a D cup herself. She's told me I'll probably have a big pair too, and now I'm beginning to think she's right.
Millie didn't understand just yet that she'd broken one of the prime rules of High School: Her sudden growth spurt had catapulted her out of the allocated spot her peers had assigned her.
Her former best friend Erin Russell, felt slighted by her new looks. Her closest thing to a boyfriend was Ernie from the 8th grade that she had yet to date, had become tongue tied and uncomfortable. But the toughest reaction came from the wannabe-prom-queens among her peers.
They started to call her Millie Mams. They said she looked like a slut, leaving her disconsolate and lonely.
So now she looked good but no one talked to her. Then the older boys found her. They weren't necessarily bad boys. In fact they were polite and nice and muscular and she ached for them, but didn't know how to approach them.
"Mmmm," she half hummed aloud, "the other girls won't hang with me now 'cause the horny boys follow me everywhere with their tongues hanging out, hoping they'll get a feel somehow."
She stopped speaking aloud, fearing that whoever's watching could hear her. I'd rather put out for one of the older guys, maybe even a college guy. I see them ogling me at the mall, but can't seem to get them to talk to me. Well, whoever you are, I hope you like the show, she thought and shook her shoulders causing her breasts to swing from left to right in a wild, primitive fashion then broke into a typical teenage fit of giggling.
________________________________________
Jesus, Brody thought as he watched Millicent's tits swinging from side to side, that's fuckin' awesome!
Then feeling an unfamiliar movement next to him, he turned and caught Slattery jerking off beside him.
"What the fuck? Are you nuts?"
"Can't help it man, I'm so fuckin' hot, you know?" Slattery replied, seemingly unabashed at his actions.
Brody stepped away in both disgust and fear that his friend was going to shoot jizm all over him. A moment later he decided to leave and quickly walked away, leaving Slattery to finish masturbating, which he did, but Slattery lingered until Millicent turned off her bedroom light several minutes later.
________________________________________
Suddenly Millie felt hot all over; more warm and clammy than sweaty; and her stomach was gurgling probably because she had hardly touched her diner that night.
Then Millie saw a movement in the mirror and realized her admirer was leaving. She stopped fondling her breasts and stared into the mirror at the quickly receded figure. She was now certain her peeping Tom was male.
But I was going to show him my pussy! He's leaving too soon--did I ... no, someone must be coming!
Not wanting to be seen by anyone else, Millie shut her light off, leaving the room dark except for the dim light provided by a light in the neighbor's yard. She waited to see what had caused her watcher to leave, but there was no further movement in that direction.
Millie walked over to her bed and sat down then eased her panties off and tossed them on top of her jeans which already lay in a tangled clump on the floor at the foot of the bed.
________________________________________
Slattery felt he was ready to ejaculate and without realizing it, stepped out from behind the tree moments after Millie turned her light off. Fortunately for Slattery, Millie was just making her way over to the bed at the very moment he grunted and spurted his load against the bark of the Oak tree.
Slattery squeezed every last drop of semen from his appendage before tucking it back into his jeans, and then with one last hopeful look at Millie's darkened bedroom window, gave up hope of seeing any more of her that night and he too, turned and sauntered off into the night.
________________________________________
Millie had no idea that he'd ever been there, for she had just realized what she was doing as she sat in the darkness of her room. The heel of her bare right foot was tucked up against her pussy, and when she straightened her leg out she felt the cooling smear of her own juices on the heel. Millie flopped back and lay flat on the bed before daring to breathe again.
How the fuck did I manage that? She wondered as she got up, found her panties and put them back on. She tried to sleep but couldn't. Thoughts of sex ran unchecked through her mind.
She'd never had sex with a boy, but she and Cindy had certainly fooled around--a lot. As she recalled some of their adventures together, she found herself reaching down to touch her legs; even to the point of bending her knees up so she could run her fingers down the calves.
It felt good. She'd masturbated hundreds of times but this time seemed different from the start. She leaned forward and took the nipple of her left breast into her mouth and sucked it.
OH--MY--GOD--PURE PLEASURE!
The other nipple brought more of the same. It hadn't occurred to her to try this before.
Well, before they weren't big enough--DUH!
Millie's whole body seemed to come alive, and stayed that way. Every part of her was like an erogenous zone all by itself and even the lightest touch or caress would send her off into a hot and horny place that seemed scary at times.
Should I call Cindy and talk sexy to her while I finger myself?
She quickly decided that it was a little late for that, especially over at Cindy's. Her mother was very strict about phone calls after ten.
I could text her ... No, bad idea, especially if she's watching TV with her Mom.
Millie felt a shiver go through her body, until everything was knotted up behind her navel. She sat up and hugged her knees to her chest and ran her fingers lightly down her shins. The shivers intensified and she decided to go all out.
Millie wriggled out of her undies again then rested the side of her face on her knees, closed her eyes, and began sweeping her fingertips up the backs of her thighs and came before having touched her pussy.
When the shuddering slowed, Millie lowered her legs and spread them before starting to diddle her clit. As Millie masturbated she realized her overly sensitive legs were spreading and closing, spreading and closing like scissors all the time.
She seemed to be able to feel every wrinkle of the bedspread and sheets against them, and then there was a point where having just the backs of them scrubbing back and forth against the sheets wasn't enough so she turned over to her front and reveled as the sensations continued --but now they were on the front of both legs.
Millie's hand went down and under to reach her pussy while swaying and moving her upper torso, particularly her newly enlarged breasts and specifically the nipples--so that they scraped against the blankets.
The resulting shivers ran through her like waves—one after the other—and pretty soon those shivers turned into orgasms and suddenly Millie found herself simply rubbing her pussy against the pillow that had miraculously found its way between her legs.
She was frantic in her movements--rubbing, pushing and squirming uncontrollably on the bed finally concentrating on rolling her pelvis so that the entirety of her cunt was making contact with the pillow.
Suddenly, it felt like Millie's whole body had exploded and that flames would soon be shooting out of her eyes, ears, mouth, nose, nipples, ass and pussy all at the same time!
Millie passed out from the powerful climax that never seemed to end. When she opened her eyes some ten minutes later, her skin was so sensitive it was almost painful to touch. Her upper thighs and the sheets beneath her were drenched and gooey—the goo having drained out of her during and after her steamy masturbatory session.
She realized that she was cold and yanked the covers over her while staring up at the ceiling wondering why that had never happened before.
Actually, her only foray into sex with another person had been with Cindy. Cindy had gone down on her and while it was terrific, it was nothing like this. Millie went over what she could recall and tried to piece it together.
Somehow she'd gotten the heel of her foot tucked up against her pussy. And when she straightened the leg out it was covered with her juices and she'd had this marvelous feeling--the first of a series of them. Then she'd started to masturbate.
How the hell had she managed it? Millie began experimenting. Shoving the blanket off her, Millie half-squatted on the bed, realizing how foolish she'd look if her mother or father happened to look in on her. Undaunted, she maneuvered one knee against her breasts while the other leg went under her. She turned that foot so its sole was facing up and pressed her pussy against it.
The sudden orgasm that resulted stunned Millie. But she kept rubbing and soon the sole of her foot was smeared with thick, fresh pussy goo and everything got nice and slippery.
She was gasping, hugging her knee for balance as she her ass back and forth on the foot, and then, just before what seemed to be an orgasm that would probably kill her, she stopped, grabbed the slippery foot and turned it until the big toe was pointing right at her cunt.
Millie, breathing hard, stared down at her accomplishment, and then slowly pushed herself forward and watched the toe disappear into her pussy.
She came so hard that her bladder let loose; a stream of hot fluid splashed everywhere as she rode the toe yanking it back and forcing the toe in and out, as even more orgasms exploded within her.
Exhausted, Millie let go of her foot and just lay flat on her back, panting for air. When she was capable of sitting up in a normal position, Millie surveyed the big wet spots then got up to change the bedding.
She felt completely and utterly relaxed, sort of like she'd given all she had and for all practical purposes, she had.
Millie fell asleep thinking of how she would tell Cindy about her admirer and strange cataclysmic orgasms knowing Cindy would never believe her unless she managed to do it again in her presence. Well why the fuck not? She thought moments before falling into a deep sleep. ________________________________________
Cindy Forest & Mrs. Ellen Forest
Millie had known Cindy Forest from school--just to say hello too, that kind of thing until meeting her at this party she never did figure out how she'd gotten invited too.
Final exams were coming up, and Millie's parents had to fly out to St. Louis to be with her grandmother who had had a major stroke and was thought to be dying. They had no reason not to trust her; she was old enough for God's sake and had babysat other kids for ages, which meant she was perfectly capable of taking care of herself.
Millie thought so too, especially after they'd left her with $250 for food and other necessities.
The following day Millie met a friend of her mother's, Mrs. Forest at the Pharmacy while picking up some shampoo and cosmetics.
On learning that Millie's parents were out of town, Mrs. Forest became very friendly, and after telling Millie to call her Ellen, invited her over to her home for a little pool party later that afternoon.
Millie accepted such things as purely good fortune and didn't turn them down just because Mrs. Forest had seldom spoken to her mother as far as Millie knew.
"We'll kick it off at six, but please don't hesitate to be fashionably late, most everyone will," Ellen said before giving Millie a slight hug and waving goodbye.
Millie was so excited at being invited to an adult pool party that she spent $150 of her babysitting savings on a new bikini that showed off her breasts more than she could have imagined any bikini would.
They're adults; they'll expect me to show some cleavage. She told herself, and then added, what's the old saying? If you got 'em, flaunt 'em.
"Yeah, right!" she said aloud and laughed, hugging the packaged bikini to her oversized chest.
________________________________________
Millie used her bicycle to travel the four blocks between her home and Ellen's. She wore a typical beach covering over the newly purchased bikini and sandals.
She arrived at the Forest's at 6:45 sharp, and was promptly greeted by Mrs. Forest, who insisted she call her Ellen at all times.
"Would you like a Pepsi, Dr. Pepper, or perhaps a pina colada?" Ellen inquired with a knowing smile.
Millie promptly selected the pina colada, wanting to act as adultish as possible. Then with the iced drink in hand she was introduced to the people sitting around the pool.
None of them impressed her as she had thought they might. Two of the three men were in their mid-forties—Millie thought them even older and forced herself to smile when introduced to them.
She noticed that their wives, while considerably older than Millie herself, were much younger than their husbands, (In fact they were 33, 36 and 38 respectively.) and in much better physical condition.
Millie finished the pina colada and was quickly handed another by her hostess, who whispered in her ear: "I've got a surprise for you, Millicent."
"Oh?" Millie said before taking another sip from her drink.
"C'mon inside," Ellen said, then turned toward the house and walked away. Millie had to scurry after her trying not to spill the drink.
They entered the kitchen and walked into the living room which had a small bar in the corner. Behind the bar stood a girl that Millie thought she'd seen before, but couldn't place. The girl was about the same age as Millie; the reason she had trouble placing her was because the girl was nude from head to toe.
Millie's first thought was that they had walked in on her while she was changing. Her second was one of honest appraisal. Nice looking. Great body. Cute ass. Tits smaller than mine, but very nice and great legs. And last, she finally identified the girl as a schoolmate named Cindy.
"This is Cindy, my daughter," Ellen said, stunning Millie. "You probably have seen her at school."
Millie nodded and put the drink down on the bar very carefully. "Yeah, I have." But not like this, she thought as she said, "Hello, Cindy."
"Hello yourself," Cindy replied with a smile and then walked out of the room and down a hall.
"You should follow her," Ellen said with a lecherous smile.
Millie nodded again and did exactly that, taking an inordinate amount of pleasure from the way Cindy's naked ass swayed back and forth, totally open for inspection.
When both girls were in the short hallway, Cindy turned and smiled at Millie. It was exactly the same smile her mother had used moments before.
"Wanna see my room?" Cindy said after a brief pause.
"Sure," Millie replied, warming to the feel of Cindy's eyes on her breasts.
Cindy opened the door to her bedroom and flopped on the bed. "C'mon, join me. It's really comfy!"
Millie surprised herself by having no compunctions about joining her on the bed, although she used a more lady-like means of putting herself there.
"I like your posters," she told Cindy, looking around the room and trying not to stare at the other girl's nudity, "Especially that hunk!"
"Yeah, he's something else, isn't he? I've heard that he's hung like a horse."
Both girls started laughing at that and ended up snorting helplessly, unable to stop. On finally gaining a semblance of self-control, Millicent slowly took in her new friend.
Cindy was definitely attractive. Taller and slimmer than Millie herself, she had long brown hair and big brown eyes, which stood out in stark contrast to her mane. She was also closely trimmed around her pubis, with just a two inch strip above it and the remainder clean shaven.
Millie thought about commenting on it. She herself kept her genitals trimmed--primarily because she didn't want a stray hair or two peeking out of her bikini bottoms, but her little bush kept growing into a bigger bush and she knew she'd be lying if she claimed it hadn't occurred to her to shave everything like the women in the porno movies did. Most high school girls were now doing it as well, so it could be considered a trend.
Just then she caught Cindy trying to get a look down her bikini top. Millie realized she'd been leaning forward causing the top to fall away and revealing a lot more of her boobs than she wanted too.
"This is getting weird," Millie said.
"Oh, you mean like my mother inviting you over and then meeting me like this?" Cindy pointed at her nude body and then smiled at Millie.
Millie reflected on Cindy's words and gnawed nervously at a cuticle on her left thumb.
Cindy sighed and said, "Are you a good kisser, Millie?"
"Um, I guess."
"You don't know?"
"I don't have ... you know, anything to really gauge it by," Millie conceded.
"So ... we could practice as if one of us was a guy, you know?" Cindy said with a burst. "So we could be prepared for boys at a party or something."
Except when Millie agreed to try it, it went further than just kissing. The initial kisses were basic trial and error. Millie found that Cindy's lips were very soft and she smelled good. Another factor that led her further along was the touch of Cindy's long hair against her hand because it was so comforting.
Millie closed her eyes on the third or fourth practice smooch, and didn't see Cindy's hands move. Cindy used them to hold Millie's head as she gently pushed her tongue into her mouth.
It wasn't anything like Bryan Stith's kiss in the 8th grade, so similar to that of many men with their 'Hey Baby, feel this?' style. No, no. It had a sense of wonder to it. Millie stopped breathing when it happened. Her nipples were signaling that this was what kissing, good kissing was all about.
Then Cindy dropped her hands, sat back and looked at Millie, whose mouth hung open like that of a guppy.
"Soooo how was it?"
"Ohhh my gawd!" Millie said after taking a deep breath.
"Wish I had tits like yours, Millie."
In a perfunctory response, Millie answered: "Well thanks; I wish I had your ass. It's to die for, Cindy."
Then catching Cindy still hungrily eyeing her breasts, she feigned exasperation, "Would you quit staring at my boobs? You look like you want to feast on them!"
Cindy laughed and rolled her eyes. "Yeah, like you mind. Quit letting them hang out if you mind so much!"
Millie took a deep breath, thinking: Maybe it's weird, but I'm certainly interested in what happens here. Mindy giggled then shook her shoulders causing the exposed tit flesh to ripple and jiggle.
"You wanna see 'em?" she asked boldly, for she suddenly wanted to show her newly grown breasts off.
"Yeah, I would!" Cindy replied. Her mouth had suddenly gone dry.
Now in all truthfulness, Cindy didn't normally go around checking other women's breasts. She had enough to play with in her own and her mother's - but we'll deal with that a little later on.
Just then, with the taste of Millie's tongue and mouth still fresh and her mother's enticing whispers of encouragement heightened her lust for the other girl.
Cindy couldn't take her eyes off Millie's nipples after she lowered her bikini top and exposed her grapefruit sized breasts and heavily pebbled areolas.
"Can I?" Cindy practically begged.
"Cindy ... I don't kn..."
Cindy's hand was already cupping one breast. Her mind was a complete blank save to two things: the intense heat of Millie's flesh against her, and several little anticipatory spasms between her own legs.
And Millie did what she'd wanted to do ever since her breast size had exploded. She held each breast out to Cindy, whose eyes widened with pleasure as soon as both breasts were exposed.
"Can I?"
"Yeah," Millie said in a thick voice. She wasn't sure what she was doing was the right thing, but she wanted to show them off and this girl certainly wanted to touch them. Where was the harm?
"Tell me to stop, if I go too far," Cindy said in a nearly hoarse voice. "Tell me to stop and we'll leave it at this."
But Millie was already lost in Cindy's feather-light caresses stroking the tender flesh of her breasts. Goosebumps rose on both of them, and her nipples hardened to tiny arrow-shaft points. She could feel Cindy's eyes searching, examining the effect she was causing on Millie's body.
Millie arched her back slightly as Cindy leaned in and placed her lips on the nipple and gave it a light suck. Abandoning the breast for a moment, she kissed Millie's belly and said, "I wish my belly was flatter."
"Huh?" Millie sighed then closed her eyes and slipped a hand under the waistband of her bikini bottoms and squeezed her mons before slipping a finger between her wet nether lips.
Cindy stroked Millie's hair, brushing it back behind her ears. "I know you don't love me, but I want you to be my first.
In all fairness, Millie did try to stop her. She was going to push those lovely hands away. She wasn't going to play any further sexy games with Cindy. What was she doing here in the first place?
But then Cindy's tongue was back in her mouth and Millie's mind went blank except for the delightful feel of the tongue licking her teeth and gums, and then playing hide and seek with her own.
Her hands came up to wrap around Millie's free hand, and Millie stopped her fingering to place that hand on top of Cindy's and gave it a gentle squeeze. Cindy recaptured the nipple and kept it firmly clenched between her teeth even as their fingers intertwined. The totally nude girl only released the sensitive bud when she brought both their hands to her lips and kissed Millie's fingers softly.
Millie looked almost angelic half squatting before her, and yet she was actually thinking: I like what she's saying ... but—but this is getting out of control. DO SOMETHING!
And she might have. If Cindy hadn't opened the bows holding her bikini bottoms up and then tugged then down, down, down, leaving her nude as well.
Cindy's hand began tracing circles on the other girl's lower back. Millie knew intuitively that she could pull back any time she wanted to. Cindy wasn't pushing, in fact, wouldn't push. But if this was what Millie wanted...
Still Cindy knew enough to ask and did. "Do you want me to stop?"
There was a slight hesitation, then, "No. I don't want you to stop."
Millie's thighs spread eagerly at the touch of Cindy's fingertips, and she emitted a low moan as those fingers traced a moist path between her legs. Cindy dipped into the moisture, feeling the heat emanating from her schoolmate's pussy.
She lowered her lips to taste, then brought her fingertips up to Millie's mouth, growling low in her throat as her willing partner tasted her own juices and moaned for more.
With a wicked smile, Cindy lowered her face and nibbled at Millie's swollen pussy lips; tugging gently as she teased at the now-dripping opening with two fingers.
Millie moaned louder and struggled forward, desperately trying to force herself over the tormenting fingers. Slowly, Cindy began to press into her lover's welcoming heat.
"Oh, Christ! How do you know ...?"
More confident than ever, Cindy folded back the small hood and caught Millie's swollen clit with her other hand, rolling it gently, savoring the feel of the responsive clenching of her lover's thighs around her head.
"JESUS!"
She added a third finger, thrusting harder, faster, as Millie began to tremble. Her tongue lapped at the wetness now glistening, dripping from Millie's sex to the cleft between her pale buttocks.
"OH-OH-OH-OHHHH!"
"Oh baby, you're gonna like this part," Cindy said with a lust filled gurgle. To prove her point she bestowed a series of long, sweet strokes of her tongue across Millie's labia at first, licking upward from the bottom of her slit up to the top. Then her mouth covered the entirety of Millie's pussy pushing her serpentine tongue into the coral tunnel as if giving her a prolonged French kiss.
Millie's ass was bouncing several inches off the sheets with a rapidity that astounded Cindy, who was compelled to hang on for dear life.
Millie came seconds after Cindy's tongue began to flick at her engorged clit, teasing it repeatedly as she butterflyed it the way her mother had taught her too.
Cindy's tongue was well developed in this fine art, and she continued flicking and sucking Millie's clit then switching to take her entire labia into her mouth and pinching them with her lips just to rest her tongue.
A flood of girl juice poured out of Millie's cunt as her next orgasm ripped through her.
She was screaming then, begging Cindy to stop then changing her pleas to "PLEASE, DON'T EVER STOP! OH PLEASE, DON'T STOP!"
Expertly reading her lover's signals, with an ease that comes only with a familiarity bordering on expertise, Cindy pulled back, holding Millie's shuddering pussy open with the polished tips of her fingers.
She pinched harder on Millie's clit, drawing a shuddering gasp from her lips.
Millie couldn't form a word, could only grunt out her pleasure.
Holding her, pulsing delicately on Millie's throbbing clit with her fingers, Cindy pulled the other girl to the edge once again.
"Talk to me, Millie. Cry out for me."
Millie drew a shuddering breath and pleaded, in a voice barely above a whisper, "Please, Cindy..."
The sunlight streamed through the open window, and the sweat glistened on Millie's trembling skin. Cindy pulled her fingers from Millie's pussy and reached over to tweak a stiffened nipple.
"Like what we're doing, Millie?"
"OHHHH, YES!"
And with Millie trembling in her need to cum, Cindy renewed her tantalizing stroking, slow thrusting against Millie's bucking hips.
"PLEASE!"
"Not enough, sweet Millie, and you are sweet. No, you're fuckin' delicious. Please what?"
Millie's voice shook with desperate desire.
"Please don't stop, Cindy. Please make me cum."
"Much better."
Her fingers tightened around Millie's pulsing clit and she thrust deeper, harder into her sex.
Millie's pussy clenched around her fingers, drawing her deeper, fighting to pull them inside. With practiced, knowing strokes Cindy drew the shuddering waves of pleasure from Millie's body; each thrust pushing her faster over the edge.
Millie cried out, her voice echoing in the room, as Cindy lowered her mouth to Millie's throbbing sex, savoring the sharp taste of her lover's orgasm. Then With a soft moan, she let her lips vibrate over Millie's pulsing clit, prolonging her lover's shuddering climax, until her body sagged on the bed, spent.
"You know, I never asked, but I guess I should."
"What's that, Millie?"
"When ... when did you first learn about sex?"
"Oh, when I turned twelve, Ellen gave me my first vibrator along with some useful lessons on my clit and G-spot. I now have the same kind that she has, you know, it's curved to reach the sweet - G and also has a clit stimulator. I also have an 'egg vibrator' that's wired to a battery pack. Now that's special! Of course, I'm not allowed to wear it to school.
Ellen thinks I'd disrupt the class or something and she has a point. That thing can make you cum with a slight flick of the dial. I'm not kidding.
"She, um, wears hers to the office at times; says she can control her urges ... I can't."
"Well, she probably knows more about ... accidents and such with the egg thing."
Cindy sniffed at that, but didn't argue the point.
"So, anyway, I know a lot, more than most girls, but I haven't done it with a guy yet. I want too, you know? But Mr. Right Dick hasn't come along."
Cindy's eyes closed then snapped open. "Hey--you haven't?"
"No, I've made out with a cousin last year around Christmas. He felt me up and I touched his dick ..."
"You jerked him off?"
"No, nothing like that; I touched him that's all."
"Yeah ... I've made out with a couple dudes, nothing serious. I mean I might have, you know, but my mom is big on having the right guy do me. She was very young when she got pregnant with me, and while she says she's happy with the result, the guys long gone. He was a sailor, but she can't, or won't remember his last name. First name was Ramsey though. She remembered that, said that name it was appropriate."
"Anyway making sure I don't repeat her mistakes; I agree with that; so I carry my own rubbers, see?" She held out a package of Trojans.
After a brief rest, both girls showered separately at Cindy's insistence--knowing they would only renew their torrid lovemaking under the warm shower spray. And with both girls wearing bikini's they returned to the pool to find the other guests had left and Mrs. Forest sitting topless on the edge of the far end of the pool.
"Well hi girls!" she chirped. "Having yourselves a good time?"
To Millie's surprise, Mrs. Forest's voice wasn't the only thing that did pleasurable things to her insides. A few short minutes later she learned what it was like to have an orgasm brought on by yet another person's tongue.
The remainder of the night was spent teaching the young teen other Sapphic delights, for instance: Cindy taught her how to wrap her lips around her mother's clit and suck ever so gently, delicately drawing the moans from her throat until she whimpered.
In return, Ellen taught Millie to listen to Cindy's gasping breath and not to stop moving her tongue until her thighs tightened around her head and then, after cumming she collapsed in a quivering heap on the bed.
And later that night, Ellen taught Millie that men are bedroom simpletons and all of the wonderful, flirty poses and giggles and sighs that she'd been working on were transparent to women who had also perfected the same poses and giggles and sighs. She also claimed that there was no way to equate the rough thrusting of a single, thick, stiff cock with the gentle brushing, twirling, flicking and fluttering strokes of two flexible moving fingers. Millie had serious doubts about this, yet said nothing to contradict either of the Forest women.
________________________________________
The rest of the weekend went by just like that—real slow at times, and then manic sex-attacks—and lots of good food and booze, something with which Millie found she had a liking, particularly the constant buzz that kept her from thinking too much about what she was doing and with whom she was doing it. Millie wasn't the jealous type, but she did ask herself several times: what the fuck gives with this mother-daughter shit?
And so Millie was surprised when Ellen left them on Sunday morning to attend church services, leaving Cindy and Millie strewn nude and sexually sated on the bed the three had shared that night.
"Your Mom's so sexy," Millie said while plucking at Cindy's nipple.
"Sure is. Nobody quite like her."
"Shit yeah! I think she's the sexiest, hottest thing I've ever met ... present company excepted, of course."
"Really?"
"Fuck yeah, Cindy, your mom's a total hotty, okay? I'm not just fucking with you either."
"Thanks. I think so too."
"Tell me, how did she know to ask me over? I mean, did she know I would jump into bed with you?"
"Well, Ellen's very perceptive, especially in THAT way. But no my lovely titted fuck bunny, I was hiding outside that day, um, I saw you and asked her if she thought you'd, you know, go for it."
Both girls laughed, and Millie stretched, accentuating her breasts even more than normal.
Cindy's eyes revealed her hunger for them and she pounced on Millie, savaging one breast and then the other while Millie howled with laughter.
When Cindy was satisfied, Millie returned the favor, massaging the other's breasts and nursing from each until Cindy was moaning that she was going to cum--and did.
Later, Cindy laughingly inquired if Millie liked bananas.
"As a matter of fact, I do. They're a great source of Potassium, you know?"
"Yes, I do. But let me show you what else they're good for. I think you'll love this, Millie."
Twenty minutes and two climaxes later, Millie was trying to finish off the banana, but encountered a problem when it became lodged in Cindy's cunt and she needed help getting it out.
Cindy thought the 'problem' hilarious, and then next thing both girls were laughing and snorting until Millie farted. That appeared to calm them down although both thought that funny as well.
"I know," Cindy said, "Lemmie try something."
Cindy hopped off the bed and squatted on the floor.
Millie looked on with interest. She was learning more over this weekend that a year in a classroom could ever teach her. Cindy grunted as if trying to expel a turd from her ass--and the banana, coated with her cunt juices, whooshed out of her.
Delighted and laughing, Millie dropped to her hands and knees and sucked the remaining banana off the floor where it had landed and ate it.
"OH, BABY, THAT WAS SOOO HOT!" Cindy whooped Millie swallowed the last of the banana; then still laughing, she helped Millie to her feet and steered her into the kitchen and had her sit up on the counter.
"Let's have Ellen find us here when she gets back," Cindy said.
"Okay, but why here? Millie, still naive in some areas asked.
Cindy took a step back and stared at her. "Have I told you what a great body you have?"
"Um, yeah, I think so," Millie answered, as her legs dangled off the counter top.
Cindy kissed the tip of her nose. Both of them giggled. But the giggles turned into moans when their lips met, fleetingly at first, then teasingly and finally with a passionate intensity that set both girls on fire.
Millie slid off the counter during the wild kisses. She was caught completely off guard when Cindy abruptly ended the kissing and dropped to a squat in front of her and then spun Millie so that she now faced the counter.
"What the...?"
Cindy pried the cheeks of her ass apart, leaned in and kissed Millie's anus.
"Whoa Cindy, what the fuck?"
"C'mon just spread your legs!"
As soon as she put her pussy on display for Cindy, she left a trail of kisses up and down her creamy thighs. The moment Millie moaned for the first time, Cindy's lips closed down on her puffed up labia.
"Oh if you could see it now," Cindy said, gloatingly.
"See what?" Millie asked excitedly.
"How your little clittie is all swelled up. It really wants my tongue, you know?"
"You have the best tongue, lover," Millie responded.
"Uh-huh."
"You do!"
"You're sooo sweet! Here's a nice reward for that!"
Millie lost her breath at the first touch of the other girl's mouth on her clit.
"Mmmm, you know, Millie ... My Mom call it the little pearl. I think when it's all shiny and wet it really does look like a pearl. Yours is a lovely coral pinkish pearl at the moment. Want me to suck you to a nice cum, baby?"
"YES! YES! YES!"
Millie's breathing became heavier; her buxom chest began to heave, and she was moaning softly as Cindy's magical tongue swirled back and forth over her sensation filled nub.
Cindy's diabolical mind had one last treat for the unsuspecting Millie.
Pinching the other's clit between her lips, she cupped her ass in both hands and lightly ran her fingers over her anus.
There was a gasp of surprise from Millie when Cindy probed the puckered hole and a groan of either pain or complete surprise when the digit invaded her anus at the very moment she used her teeth on Millie's clitoris.
"OHHHH!" Millie cried out as her anal muscle clamped down on the invading finger.
"Ohh, don't care for that, baby? Well let's try something else."
With that, Cindy extracted the finger and left off Millie's clit and went after the tiny anal opening provided by her invasive digit, licking and probing the spidery entrance with her tongue.
And if that wasn't enough, Cindy's fingers found their way into her cunt and began rubbing over the here-to-fore hidden (at least to Millie) G-spot.
Millie could only grunt her approval and lean against the counter to keep from falling to the floor. At this point, Cindy had her ass cheeks pried wide open and was licking her shitter. She would later regale both her mother and Millie with just how sweet her ass smelled and tasted; "It was as if she knew it was going to happen and prepared herself for me."
Cindy went wild, putting her back up on the counter and alternating between Millie's pussy and asshole.
Millie was cumming for the umpteenth time when Ellen walked in the door and smiled like the cat that had just swallowed the canary.
Millie didn't recall much of what transpired after that, except that she couldn't stand, much less walk when they drove her home, three hours before her parents returned.