Since the first time I went for a ride down the shore, and found myself totally immersed in a fantasy I did not even know I had, I have not been able to get it off my mind.
My every other thought was, "how do I get to do it again, when will I be able to take that ride, alone, and find myself exposing my pussy to the ocean, finger fucking my wet cunt and peeing on the beach?"
It isn't that I do not want to share this fantasy/experience with my husband but, he was raised a Catholic. He went to Catholic school, lived in a Catholic household with all of the morals drummed into his head and was an alter boy when he was little.
Needless to say there is something ingrained in his mind, that we are getting therapy to reduce/remove or if all else fails, lobotomize out!! LOL
Anyway, he is "vanilla" in every respect and his fantasies are less frequent, definitely less freaky, and much less dangerous and "normal." Which is fine, whatever floats his boat and gets me laid!
Don't get me wrong, when he is on his game, that SOB can rock my world and my knees but, admittedly, I am a freak and I always have been and will likely also die a freak! So be it, I actually love that about myself and figure as long as I don't hurt anyone or go down some even darker roads, I will enjoy my freaky deaky self!
I adore my husband completely and while I understand his libido is not like mine and chances are he would not blink an eye if I told him, this particular fantasy will remain mine and mine alone. And that is okay too. I can get freaky and wicked horny and satisfy my "hunger" in a way only self pleasure and imagination and a bit of danger can do.
As luck would have it, my husband got a call and was invited, last minute, to an old friend's 50th birthday surprise party and I suggested he go alone and reminisce about the "old days" in high school and enjoy himself.
He was okay and decided to visit his brother afterwards and in that second, my thoughts started racing, my pussy was throbbing and I could feel that tightness in the pit of my stomach, all the while I could feel my pussy getting wet. I was going down the shore again. I let him know so he wouldn't worry and as soon as the door closed behind him, I started shaking with anticipation.
My thoughts focused on how I felt the last time and how badly I wanted to strip off my pants and shirt and play with my pussy in the cold and show it off to someone who might walk by!!
The thought of getting caught was driving me crazy and I rushed around getting my stuff together. This time I would take a heavy towel, no need for another scratch, I got lucky the last time and it healed just fine. Not taking that chance again and besides, laying naked, spread eagle and playing with my vibrator so anyone could see, hell that was a bonus!!
I didn't want waste time stripping my clothes off when I got there and then putting on things covered with sand like last time, so I stripped down to panties and a bra, boots and heavy socks. I wrapped a beach towel around myself and I put on an ankle length winter coat which was a bit bigger that the one I usually wear and grabbing my battery operated Rabbit, a wash cloth, the essential identification and keys and throwing them into an old rag bag purse, I was ready to go, in more ways than one!!
I got into my car, backed out of my driveway and before I got to the main road my fingers slid into my wet pussy and began rubbing my already swollen clit. It wasn't easy driving for sure but I had no choice. When my pussy says play, I play!
The ride took forever, or so it seemed as I kept thinking about what I wanted to do, worried about how many people would be there and delay my pleasure time and traffic and the drivers drove my nuts. I could feel the seat getting wet beneath my ass and my panties were soaked with my come and I would step on the gas just to get me there quicker.
I could feel the familiar fullness in my bladder which just added to my already aroused body and refused to stop and relieve myself. Of course if any one had seen what I had on underneath my long coat, well I can't even think of a lie believable enough to convince anyone, so I drove with my hand between my legs being careful not to have an orgasm or lose control of the car, so close to my fantasy play place.
I made sure I kept quarters in my glove box and found a spot at the end of the boardwalk in a parking lot and pulled in and fed the meter. I was shocked to feel how bitter cold it was but even that was not going to stop me at this point. I was too fucking far gone turned on to let anything stop me from exposing and playing with my cunt under the boardwalk!
This feeling was like a drug and I wanted more of it so locking the car I walked slowly onto the boardwalk and began looking for people but the only other fools down the shore in this cold were already in the bars and "toasted", so to speak.
Fine by me, I walked down the ramp and onto the beach and straight for my "play-ground", exactly where I was last time. The thought made my knees weak with how aroused I was getting. Remembering what I did before was driving me now and I walked a bit further in and among the piling until I could still see the length of beach and daylight and not one other soul to be found.
That was a little disappointing; I mean, who could I perform for? Who could come by and see what I was doing and enjoy my masturbating in public? I wanted to show someone my wet pussy and my hard pierced nipples. But there was no one in sight and I had to be satisfied with exposing my nakedness to the air and thinking about what I was going to do.
So, I laid my towel down, after opening my coat, which was a harsh reality at that point and I felt the reason no one was down by the water. It was fucking cold out!! Yeah I know January, what can I expect? But like I said nothing was going to stop my "play time."
I took off my coat briefly to remove my panties and bra, getting even colder on the outside but hotter and wetter on the inside, put my coat back on but not closing it and I stuck my cold fingers into my cunt, opened my legs and finger fucked myself to a wonderful orgasm that was only the beginning of my satisfaction!!!
Laying down on the towel, I spread my thighs to the cold wind, took my Rabbit out and as easy as you might imagine, it slid into my soaking wet pussy and I laid there with my cunt filled and as I pinched my cold stiff nipples I slid my vibrator in and out feeling myself getting closer and closer to a great orgasm.
All of a sudden I hear voices over top of me. That was all I needed to add to my fantasy and I fucking exploded with such a strong orgasm I couldn't keep quiet and I moaned and heard, "listen. What was that?"
Now as much as the thought of getting caught added to my excitement, I did not need to get arrested for lewd public behavior. So I got quiet, gathered my stuff up and hiding it under my coat, I sat there as if it was the most normal thing to be doing in January, down the shore in frigid temps. Hey, what the hell, I was come happy, my thighs were covered in pussy come and I was naked under my winter coat. I couldn't think straight if I wanted to.
It got quiet and I could hear their footsteps fading away and started breathing normally and of course I was counting the minutes before I could fuck myself and open my pussy again for my imaginary audience. Okay so I wimped out, right? Wrong!
I didn't know the "group" above me consisted of two couples who were looking for a "fuck" place to hump their girlfriends "under the boardwalk". Was I in for a surprise! I could hear the voices echo between the pilings and I guess they were not quite as brave as I was and I am grateful for that because they stood making out just under the beginning of the over hang in the fading light and I saw everything.
Apparently they were all either too horny, too drunk or didn't give a crap because the girls pants/panties came down and they obligingly bent over in front of their boyfriends, who gladly whipped out two very impressive hard-ons and proceeded to bury their cocks ball deep into two very ready pussies and fuck like young testosterone filled studs can and do. Talk about slamming!!
I figured, what the fuck! I open my legs, spread my pussy lips and started pumping my fingers in and out of my sopping wet cunt to their rhythm and kept fucking myself as I watched these four get off together!! What a fucking turn-on it was. I figured they couldn't see me so I played along with them.
They fucked for what seemed and hour, but I guess young studs have the stamina, which was fine by me, I was getting off along with them and as long as they humped their girlfriends I was having one fantastic orgasm after another.
I could see and hear the guys getting close and the girls were matching their arousal so with one final pump of my fingers, we all came at that moment and it felt fucking incredible!!!!
The guys grunted, the girls screamed and I just fell back with my legs spread and my fingers covered in my own come, rubbing it all over my frozen tits and rock hard nipples. Oh man, I wondered if I could even stand up at that point but, figured I had to wait any way for all of them to disappear, after they all pissed, of course and that, made me very aware that I had to go as soon as they walked away!
I put my panties and bra on deciding if I was going to get caught I should at least have those on and looking around, I gathered my stuff and put it all in my rag bag purse and squatted down and moved aside my panties to pee. Well little did I know how quiet young guys can be, the next sound I heard was someone clearing their throat and I looked over to see stud number one watching me pee and I was not about to stop going even because of him.
What I didn't expect, was what he did next. He unzipped his jeans, took out his hard cock and started to rub it as he walked closer to where I was squatting. I finished peeing and stood up and he asked me, "Were you here all the time we were fucking those girls?"
I nodded and he looked at me and how I was dressed and asked me, "Did you enjoy what you saw?"
I again shook my head yes because my mouth was dry and I couldn't respond at that moment and he could see my thighs were shiny and asked if I had been playing with my pussy the whole time?
Again I was not able to gather enough spit to talk and I shook my head yes and his hand was moving faster now as he was getting closer to coming.
I don't know what made me do it but I slid my fingers between my legs and buried them in my pussy and started pumping my hand to his jerking movements and he kept repeating, "oh yeah, fuck that pussy bitch, think about my cock fucking that little red bush", "faster baby, I'd fuck you faster than that"..and with that he walked closer to me and as I squirted all over my hand, down my legs and all over my thighs, he let loose with his load and watched as it mingled with my own squirting pussy juice and just kept stroking until he emptied his load across my belly and down my legs!
Oh fuck me, I couldn't believe how strong he came, how much I squirted and how hard my orgasm was or how shaky my legs felt at that moment. If he had decided to call the cops on me I would have been arrested for sure because I couldn't move at that point.
He smiled at me and I guess he could see I was worried, because he very quietly and softly said, "don't worry lady, that was one of the best comes I've ever had and I think you enjoyed it to?" "Did you come good?"
All I could do was shake my head and he apologized for coming all over me and I put up my hand and said with a hoarse whisper, "Please don't say any more, you just gave me the best afternoon and a fantasy I will remember when I play with myself again!"
"So we're cool?" he asked, and I again shook my head and he walked away and looked back and said, "Our secret?" Oh yeah I thought, our secret. I didn't even ask why he came back before and I didn't care.
It took all my will power to gather my stuff up, walk to my car and drive home where I discovered I was freezing, had sand in places I was surprised to find and relaxed in a hot bubble bath, where I replayed the whole time again while fingering my overly sensitive clit and pussy.
Needless to say I was exhausted when my hubby got home but always ready to get a good fucking from a horny hubby. Of course doggy style allowed my imagination to picture the young stud who coated me with his juices standing behind me pounding the fuck out of my cunt and bringing me to an orgasm that rocked my world!!!
What am I going to do when the weather gets warm, the crowds get bigger and the days get longer? I'm sure I will think of something.