Part 8 - The holiday nears its end.
Parts 1 - 7 available through my profile.
Please feel free to leave feedback and comments.
This overlaps a little with part 7, but moves on to what happened after part 7 finished.
***
Once everyone had boarded the small boat and headed off towards Stephen's huge yacht, Dan stood watching until he could see the girls start climbing aboard, before he turned around and headed back towards the hotel, hoping to find Marc and discuss his idea. Since the sun was already shining, he took a seat at the pool bar and ordered a drink, lit a cigarette, and began to watch as other holiday makers enjoyed their vacation time, either playing around in the pool, or simply sunbathing around it, occasionally chatting with one or two of them whenever they came to the bar.
It was about an hour later that Marc came over, sitting down next to Dan and ordering a beer as the two started talking, initially about football, before moving on to other topics such as cars and films, general guy talk. Despite this, Dan knew his real interest was wanting to find out where Dan was going with their earlier conversation, when Marc asked about how to 'get his name on the list' to have sex with Hayley, so decided to broach the subject, but wasn't going to say anything sitting at the bar where he could and would have been overheard.
"So, about that thing we were talking about this morning, let's go and sit over there and finish the conversation, shall we?" he suggested, motioning to an empty table away from everyone and without risk of having other people listening in.
Dan lead the way, and Marc picked up his drink and followed, eager to hear what Dan had to say, especially if meant he would get to have sex with Hayley, which after seeing her naked this morning and having her tease him like she did when she rubbed herself on his crotch whilst getting a towel, he wanted to do even more than he did before. They sat down, and after taking a swig of his drink and lighting another cig, Dan pulled his phone from his pocket and put it on the table, leaned forward and spoke to Marc quietly.
"Ok, first things first, this is between you and me only, I'm asking that you do not tell anyone about this conversation. Deal?" he asked, to which Marc immediately nodded his response.
"Right, I'm going to ask you a question, but don't get mad or nothing, just answer it honestly, and in a few minutes, you'll see where I was going with it. The question is, have you ever, or would you, fuck a passed out girl?"
As Marc sat thinking for a few seconds, Dan knew immediately the answer was yes, he most likely had, and would probably have no problem doing it again.
"Kind of, yeah. I hooked up with this chick back home on a night out, and we were both wasted. We went back to my house and got it on, and half way through she passed out, so I thought fuck it, she said yes, and carried on, why?" Marc explained
"Well, because lately we have been very experimental with sex, fulfilling each-others fantasies when we can, and lately one of hers is be fucked while she is passed out, without knowing who done by, you interested?" Dan asked.
Dan could see Marc thinking about what he had just proposed, so decided to explain further, hoping to get a positive response.
"Look, it's all fully consensual. Here, watch this video she sent me to prove it." He said, unlocking his phone and finding the video, before passing it to Marc, who sat staring at the small screen, watching Hayley give her consent to being fucked however the person wishes whilst she is passed out.
"Wait, so what you and her are saying is that so long as you are there, I have permission to roofie her to make her pass out, and then fuck her however I want while she's out, is that right?" Marc asked, now clearly more interested having seen the video.
"Mate, I'm saying that if you want to go and see one of them annoying guys that keep offering weed and shit, see if they can get you something to knock her out, We'll find a way to slip it in her drink, and when she's out, she's all yours." Dan told him.
He could see that having seen the video of Hayley consenting to everything Dan had said, Marc was now game for his plan, and told him he could probably make it happen by tomorrow night, as tonight she will be his. He asked Marc what he was thinking, and his reply was that he was thinking where to go and find the guy, before Dan encouraged him to do so, having arranged to meet up later, he watch as Marc stood up and walked out towards the town, knowing that there are plenty of guys that offer different kinds of drugs hanging around on the street that way, so hopefully Marc will find one and get what he is looking for. Once he had left, Dan stood up and decided to walk up the beach towards the main public area, opting to eat at one of the restaurants there than at the hotel, finding a small table at one and ordering his lunch as he again watched everyone having a good time on the sand.
He had not long finished eating when someone made him jump by poking him and asking what he was doing. He turned around and saw Miruna, much to his surprise, since she had gone out with Hayley and the others that morning, so she told him about Cassie feeling ill and coming back with her, before saying that since she was back, she thought why not head down and see if there are any girls on the beach she can get to pose, since she had finished her shoot. Since Dan had nothing to do, he offered his assistance to scout girls, and he walked to the beach with Miruna, taking one of her portfolios to show to girls who are interested. He had a quick look around the beach, watching Miruna as she just went and spoke to two girls laying on towels, before spotting a girl he thought would be perfect for the site, and made his way over to her.
Laying in front of him, already topless, was a stunning young brunette with big breasts. She saw him walking over and was smiling, clearly friendlier than some girls would have been, so he asked if she spoke English, which despite being Romanian, she did very well, so he introduced himself before he opened and handed the folder of pictures for her to look through as he spoke.
"My friend over there is a photographer for a website that challenges real amateur girls to do a photoshoot, flaunting what they have got, and since you have an incredible body and are gorgeous, I think you would be absolutely perfect. The theme of the site is for the girls to pose topless, showing off their boobs and having fun doing it. Do you think you might be interested?" He quizzed.
The girl had been flicking through the pictures, and was seriously contemplating doing a shoot, when Dan pointed out Miruna starting a shoot with the two girls she had been speaking to, so he suggested she watch that and make her mind up. The girl introduced herself as Lucie, and sat chatting with Dan as they watched Miruna taking the pictures of the girls in the shallow water, before Lucie said yes, she would like to do a shoot after. When Miruna had finished with the two girls, Dan beckoned her over and introduced her to Lucie, saying she would like to do a shoot, and after getting the form signed, they also walked to the shoreline to get started, although this time, there was a group of lads watching Lucie posed, all cheering and whistling when she did something they liked, such as jiggle her boobs about for them.
Dan had left the pictures open when Lucie went to do the set, and now deliberately turned them a few pages ahead to where the pictures were a lot more revealing, to the sets where the girls were doing the nude sets, hoping to encourage Lucie into another set at the other beach when she came back. As he put the folder back down, two other girls came over to him, and having seen Miruna doing the other picture sets, asked about what she was doing, clearly interested as well. Dan again explained the concept, and the girls immediately asked if they could do a set, giggling with excitement when he said he was sure it wouldn't be a problem. He took out the consent forms from Miruna's bag and passed them over to the girls, who after a quick read, signed them and eagerly awaited their turn. As Miruna finished and Lucie began walking back, he stood up and signalled to Miruna she had more girls coming, indicating they had signed the paperwork and she got started with the new girls as Lucie sat back down next to Dan.
"So, how did you find the shoot? Did you enjoy it as much as the guys watching you?" He asked.
"Oh yes, it was very good. I really had a fun time!" Lucie replied with a big smile on her face.
"You looked like you was enjoying it, and you were incredibly hot, so would you do it again, like, another shoot? Would you be interested in that?" he said, hoping to lead her towards a sexier second set.
"There are some more pictures in the folder where girls have done second, third, and even more shoots where they go to a different beach and get a bit sexier and more revealing, and I think you would be perfect for that. Don't worry, it would only be you and Miruna, I wouldn't be there, and no other men would either if you didn't want them to be." he continued as Lucie picked up the folder and again started looking through it.
She quickly arrived at a set of a girl wearing white panties that turned see through when they got wet, before turning over and seeing some of the nude pictures, studying them and contemplating the offer.
"Do you mean for me to do a shoot like this? Do you think I would be good enough to do a set like this?" Lucie asked, seriously considering doing it if asked.
"Definitely. I encouraged my girlfriend to do a set like that when we saw it, and she has done quite a few now. Miruna will probably show you some of her pictures if you ask, and it's worked wonders for her confidence. I bet your pictures would be amazing if you did a set like that." He told her, seeing that she was now almost certain to do it.
"Excuse me, do you think we could do a photoshoot as well?" Two girls asked Dan, having seen the other shoots happen and evidently building the courage to ask about one, so he handed them a form and got them to sign, before they sat down and started talking with him and Lucie about what is involved and what to do during the shoot.
Finally, Miruna made her way over after finishing the shoot with the other girls, and looked at Dan, almost disbelieving in how he found so many girls so quickly and easily. As she stood around, he told them that the two girls wanted to do a shoot and had signed the forms that he had put back in her bag, and that Lucie was possibly interested in a nude shoot as well, drawing looks from the two girls who were waiting for their shoot to start. After making sure Lucie would still be there when she finished, Miruna motioned for the girls to lead on towards the sea. Dan told her he was heading back to his hotel, so said his goodbyes to Miruna and Lucie, before leaving and returning to the hotel.
He got back and immediately went out to the pool bar, a favourite of his to sit and people watch, before ordering a drink and lighting a cigarette, having a swig before he felt a pat on his back, turning to see Marc standing behind him with a big smile on his face.
"I've got that thing we were talking about earlier." He said, before pulling a re-sealable bag with small, green, oval shaped pills in and discretely showing it to Dan, smiling as he did so.
"Are you sure they are what the guy said they are?" Dan asked, obviously concerned about what the pills actually were.
"Yeah, I looked it up online. When put into a clear liquid they make it turn bright blue, so I tested 2 of them and both did that, so they are what we spoke about.
"Cool. Tomorrow night, we will be out here and I'll make sure she has plenty to drink, and when I think she's drunk enough, I'll give you a nod and take a couple of them off you and drop them in to her drink. That should be enough to do the job. When I get her back to the room, I'll message you and you can come round and fulfil her fantasy, even though she won't know you did." Dan said, smiling to Marc.
As they sat chatting, Dan's phone pinged, indicating a text message, so he opened it and saw a message from Hayley, saying the shoots were finished and that they were heading back to the boat to party, which resulted in couple of messages being exchanged, before he put his phone away and carried on his conversation with Marc.
The boat headed away from the beach and back towards the yacht with everyone having a beer to celebrate the shoots going well, Hayley and Lily chatting with the guys as they quickly found themselves at the side of the yacht, stepping off the small boat and climbing back on to the larger vessel, heading back up the steps to the top deck as Stephen manoeuvred the boat to its space in the back of the boat. He unloaded the equipment onto the yacht and pressed the button, raising the net to lift the boat, and moving to the inside steps, heading up to the master bedroom and setting his equipment down. He took out two video cameras from their bag and set them on the bed, before quickly replacing the memory cards for empty ones, and placing the remotes next to them, before putting his other stuff away, closing the bedroom door, and heading up to the top deck to join the others.
When he got there, the music was already loud and both girls were dancing around in just their bikinis, as Alex was pouring shots, quickly handing them around once Stephen joined them. Once everyone had done theirs, he started pouring another round, which were also quickly drank, and the girls went back to dancing with each other, the lyrics to the music being quite raunchy, so they were more dancing on each other than with each other. Seeing this, Mason slipped below deck to execute his plan of hiding the cameras, quickly setting them up in positions that guaranteed if anything happened on the bed, they would capture the action, and the mirrors around the room would also help, before covering them with things so that only the lenses and sensors were visible if someone specifically looked for them. He then went back upstairs and was handed another shot by Alex, who was again pouring another round.
"Hold up, I think we need to get back to body shots!" He shouted, "And I think Hayley should do the first one!"
This brought a cheer from the rest of the lads, as Hayley smiled and said she was up for it, before asking who she was going to be drinking off.
"Her!" Josh shouted, pointing at Lily.
"Alright, let's go!" Hayley shouted, implying that she knew they were going to say Lily, and wasn't bothered about it.
Lily moved over to the counter and lay on it, before Hayley suggested she take her top off, using the laughable reason of 'you don't want it to possibly smell of Jager, do you?', before Lily sat up and pulled the string behind her and removing it as instructed.
"Alright, Hayley, come round here and get ready, and remember, you have to drink all of the shot!" Josh instructed, indicating for Hayley to move to by Lily's neck.
Once she was there, he put his thumb over the hole of the bottle to slow down the liquid when poured, and started pouring onto Lily's body, beginning at the top of her chest and moving down her body, drizzling it over both nipples, before moving his thumb slightly and allowing it to escape faster when he reached her navel, quickly filling the belly button and overflowing, the spirit quickly spreading and covering the bottom of her stomach before reaching her bikini bottoms, which Alex quickly tugged at and poured more in the gap, ensuring it would reach her pussy. Hayley didn't hesitate, quickly following the path of Josh poured, flicking her tongue over Lily's nipples, before moving down further and sucking the drink from her belly button. Once this was done, she looked up to Lily's face, almost asking permission to continue, and when Lily offered no resistance, Hayley began following the trail of alcohol down from Lily's navel, reaching the top of her bikini bottoms.
"Keep going, you haven't done the whole shot yet!" Alex shouted, clearly wanting to see more from the two girls.
Smiling, Hayley didn't disappoint, tugging the bikini bottoms down at the front and continuing to lick further down Lily's body until she reached her shaved snatch, swirling her tongue around the clit and tasting the mixture of Jagermeister and Lily's juices as the guys began cheering, impressed with what they were seeing. As Hayley continued licking, Josh again began pouring, this time only aiming to let it run down to Hayley's mouth on Lily's pussy ensuring she would stay where she was and the show would continue a little longer at least. Finally, he stopped pouring, but Hayley continued with what she was doing for a little longer, before Lily said it was her turn, and encouraged Hayley to switch places, removing Hayley's top before she laid down. In similar fashion to the first time, Josh began pouring the drink down Hayley's body, again making sure to cover the breasts, and Lily reciprocated the action, licking down Hayley's chest and over her boobs, sucking the pool of spirits from her navel, before raising her head and pulling the front of Hayley's bottoms away from her body to allow Josh to pour the drink down them. Josh complied, and Lily put her mouth back on the body in front of her and resumed the challenge, however rather than just move thee front of the bikini to give her access, she simply pulled them down to around Hayley's knees and began lapping at her slick hole.
The four guys were all keenly watching as Lily was going down on Hayley, her mouth clamped over Hayley's wet pussy as her tongue probed the inside of her folds. The scene in front of them had a knock on effect, with all of the men becoming turned on and wanting to take things further.
"Why don't we take this somewhere more comfortable, like the master bedroom..." Mason suggested, hoping his ulterior motives would be realised.
"Hmm, sounds like a good idea to me!" Hayley said, looking down and seeing Lily looking back at her.
The two girls stood up to move to the bedroom, with Mason leading the way in front to make sure he can turn start the cameras recording, whilst the other three watched as Hayley pushed her bottoms down from by her knees, removing them completely, before taking Lily's outstretched hand and following her below deck to the bedroom. Mason was waiting by the door, having started both hidden cameras recording, and held his arm out, guiding them to the huge bed in the middle of the room. When they reached the edge, Lily quickly spun Hayley round and pushed her backwards on to the bed, waiting for her to shuffle further up towards the headboard, before climbing on to the bed and laying with her head between Hayley's legs, re-taking her previous position as she again went down on her new friend. All of the guys had followed them, and were now standing around the bed, watching Lily eat Hayley's pussy like a professional, causing Hayley to squirm as her tongue worked its magic, before slipping two fingers into the desperate love tunnel.
Being female, Lily obviously knew what feels good, and within seconds Hayley could feel an orgasm rapidly approaching as Lily's fingers continued rubbing on her g-spot as her tongue worked on her clit. Almost immediately, the climax arrived, causing Hayley to tremble as it hit her and the feeling of euphoria washed over her while Lily continued working with her fingers and tongue, increasing the pleasure until Hayley had to physically push away from her, doing whatever she could to try and escape the hand and mouth relentlessly stimulating her over sensitive pussy.
Once she had moved clear of Lily reach, Hayley caught her breath for a second, the head rush slowly passing as she sat on the bed panting, before looking at Lily and telling her to swap places, her intention to return the favour evident in her instruction. Once Lily moved as suggested, Hayley moved to between her legs, her ass raised in the air as she began orally pleasing Lily's perfectly smooth slit. Using her left hand, she placed two fingers to hold open the hood covering Lily's love button as her tongue dancing over the clit, sending shivers through every fibre of the tight body at her mouths mercy. As Hayley continued the tongue lashing, she suddenly felt hands spreading her buttocks, quickly followed a tongue taking swirling around at her wet hole.
Unaware of who it was, it didn't detract Hayley from her goal, instead spurring her on from the thought of being the middle of a pussy eating sandwich, quickly sliding two fingers into Lily the same way Lily had done to her, and hooking them upwards, rubbing on the g-spot at her fingertips. The person behind her was Alex, who was now moving his face away from her pussy before kneeling behind her, his hard cock already freed from his shorts and sticking out in front of him. Holding it by the base, his thick, uncut length was aiming directly at her entrance, but rather than putting it in, he pressed it between her pussy lips, not quite penetrating her, and began rubbing it up and down, teasing her and feeling her arousal all over his end. After a few passes of doing this, he pressed himself forward, sliding between her folds and burying his length inside her as she sped up her fingering.
As he began thrusting into Hayley from behind, the momentum was being carried through her petite frame, causing the intensity of her finger blasting to increase, pulling Lily rapidly towards an orgasm of her own. Seeing his opportunity, Mason stepped closer to Lily's head and pulled the front of his shorts down, freeing his cock and presenting it at Lily's mouth, which almost instinctively opened and engulfed the bulging end, immediately starting to suck on it as though her life depended on it. Seeing her take Mason in her mouth seemed to give an unspoken permission to Josh and Stephen that everything was now fair game, Stephen moving to the other side of Lily's head and pulled his erection from his shorts, placing it next to her mouth as she quickly took Mason's cock from her mouth and turned her head, replacing it with Stephen's.
Josh also removed his shorts, stepping out of them and heading towards where Hayley was still going down on Lily, and allowed his cock to swing free in front of her, watching as she raised her head from Lily's honeypot and began sucking on Josh's member for the first time as Alex continued fucking her from behind. Lily, meanwhile, had now taken to switching between the two dicks as to which one to suck, swapping over every so often to make sure neither got more attention than the other. Considering Lily's ultimate fantasy had been fulfilled not long before when she had her devils threesome with Alex and Josh, that had only served to push her further, and right now, she was game for anything, including allowing all four of the men in the room to have their way with her.
"Lay back" Hayley instructed Josh, before taking one last quick suck of his dick and pushing his stomach playfully so that he was laying almost parallel to Lily.
Once he was there, she quickly moved forward, ending Alex's time inside her for the moment, before crawling up the bed, kneeling over Josh's, before reaching down and moving his erection into position, slowly impaling herself as she slid down his shaft whilst Alex stood up on the bed and moved to beside her, prompting her to start sucking him as she bounced on Josh. Now there was space, Stephen decided to get in on the act, since all of his friends had been inside both girls at some point, and quickly shifted down the bed, positioning himself between Lily's legs, and sliding in to her, reaching a quickened pace of his thrusts.
The bed now resembled a scene from a porn film, with 2 gorgeous girls on a massive bed, both had a hard cock hammering into their pussy, and both had a second cock in their mouth for them to suck on, which both were happily obliging with. This was by far the hottest thing Lily had ever done in her life, and Hayley would have to say it was certainly up there for her as well, although not having Dan watching or joining in was the biggest downside, but she could only imagine what he was getting up to and that thought turned her on even further. This continued for at least 5 minutes, before the guys switched places, Alex laying on his back and Lily climbing on to him reverse cowgirl style while Josh moved to get sucked, and Stephen lay next to him with Hayley mounting him in the same fashion and Mason receiving her oral pleasure.
The feeling of finally being inside Hayley was exhilarating for Stephen, having done so many photoshoots with her, seeing her naked, and watching his friends have the pleasure of feeling her wet pussy around their cock felt like she had been torturing him specifically, making him photograph it all but never having the chance to experience it for himself. She bounced on him with abandon, determined to show him what he had been missing all those times as she continued to suck on Mason's rock hard member, before the boner was pulled out of her mouth and he leaned down, almost whispering into Hayley's ear.
"Have you ever had 2 guys fuck your tight little pussy at the same time before, because I'm about to make that happen! I bet that turns you on, don't it!"
Mason was right. In the few seconds after he told Hayley what he was about to do, she couldn't help but imagine how it will be feel to have her pussy stretched open by not one, but two cocks. She didn't get to think about it long though, as once he had finished telling her of his intention, he had moved down the bed and was now pressing his exposed end against her already occupied entrance, attempting to find a way in. It didn't take long, because with Mason's continuing pressure against her, he quickly slid in, her pussy stretching to accommodate the two lengths that were now squashed together as she let out a loud moan, signifying he had achieved his intention. Despite having been double penetrated before on a few occasions this was the first time Hayley had ever taken 2 cocks in the same hole, and it was almost overwhelming her. Luckily for her, their thrusts were now a lot shorter than before, as if they had continued the full length thrusts, there was a chance they could slip out of her, and neither wanted that.
Lily was watching Mason when he had moved to between Hayley's legs, but hadn't heard what he said to her before, so was a little confused, having first thought Hayley was taking Stephen in her pussy, but seeing Mason shift in to position, she was now thinking Hayley must be taking Stephen in her ass.
"I can't believe I'm getting fucked next to someone doing a double penetration! You've really got a cock in your ass and one in your pussy?" Lily asked, curiously.
"Ahh... no... ahhh... ooohhh. Hmm... they're both...ooohh...in my... Pussy... ohhh" Hayley replied, trying to answer between alternate thrusts.
"Hmm, I think you should do that as well" Josh suggested, "I bet you can take us both at the same time!"
Lily had been unable to answer due to the fact his dick was still filling her mouth, however she was not even thinking about resisting if Josh attempted to copy his friends, instead imagining how incredible it must feel to be filled by two men in the same place.
"Mate, she didn't say no, what you waiting for?" Alex asked, looking at Josh with a devious grin on his face.
Realising that was the case, Josh did as Mason had done, and pulled his cock from Lily's mouth, before moving down the bed and began to push his rock hard erection in to her, quickly burying himself deep enough for them to begin fucking her like Mason and Stephen were doing with Hayley. As this continued, Stephen saw what Alex with doing with Lily, where he was reaching around and playing with her small boobs, so did the same thing to Hayley, squeezing and cupping them, before pinching at her bullet-like nipples, not hard enough to hurt her, but firm enough to add another sensation to her already near-overloaded nervous system. Seeing her nearing another orgasm, Mason put his hand down and began thumbing at her clit, accelerating the process, and causing her climax to crash into her. As it did, her bucking around caused both men to slip out of her gushing gash, her cum erupting out of her for the second time that day, and flowing down between her open legs, soaking both her ass crack, and Stephen's junk, before she rolled to the side in an attempt to regain her currently mind
Seeing this as his chance for Hayley to make good on her offer from the photoshoot earlier, Mason moved off the bed, also encouraging Stephen to also get up, before laying down where his friend was, and rolling Hayley back on top of him, spreading her legs either side of his. Once she had done this, his cock was pressing against her soaked pussy, covering it in her juices, before he changed the angle and slid it in, making sure it was well coated and slippery, before pulling out and motioning for her to raise up by lifting at her bum with his left hand. His right was still holding the base of his cock, and as Hayley pushed herself up, he quickly guided his end to her assshole before moving his left hand to her hips and softly pulling her downwards, intending to use her own weight to his enter her back passage. The head rush she was feeling from her orgasm was starting to pass, but hadn't cleared fully by the time Mason had slid his helmet past her sphincter and was attempting to fully invade her ass.
"And what do you think you're doing?" Hayley asked when her cognitive function, realising where Mason's raging erection was.
"I'm fucking your tight little ass like you said I could on the beach earlier, and I think you like it!" Mason replied, raising his hips slowly to push further into her.
"Well, I didn't actually say you could earlier... Ahhh hmmmm" Hayley responded, half-arsedly protesting but stopping as he not only pressed deeper in to her, but reached his hand around to play with her clit at the same time.
Lily was now rapidly approaching her own orgasm as Alex and Josh continued double teaming her pussy her simultaneously, and was rather vocal about it, the room now filled with loud moaning from both girls as the guys continued their relentless assault on the willing holes. Since this was only the second time Lily had done a threesome with two men, the other being that afternoon, and even though she owned several sex toys, this was the first time she had been entered by more than one at any given time. Even though Lily had quite a lot of experience, and had slept with well in excess of twenty men in her life, this type of act had never occurred to her before, but the feeling of being stretched by two men had gotten her off faster than ever, and now the orgasm hit like a truck, sending spasms through her body as the two friends pummelled into her until she managed to escape their clutches and free herself similarly to how Hayley needed to in order to recuperate herself for a few minutes.
Stephen had watched Mason use Hayley's own cum as lubricant to slide in to her ass, but wanting to hopefully get in on the same action, walked around the bed and opened the drawer, pulling out a big bottle of lube he had brought along at Dan's suggestion, before moving back down the bed to between Hayley's legs and squirting a generous dollop over her pubic mound and pussy. He made sure there was enough that it would run down and keep Mason's length slippery, before rubbing his cock around to coat it in the liquid and pressing it into Hayley, giving her a normal double penetration as she let out another loud moan. Anyone watching would have been forgiven for thinking this was a regular occurrence for the two guys, as they almost immediately found a rhythm of pounding Hayley's body.
Once Lily's orgasm had passed, Alex and Josh switched places, before Josh motioned Stephen to pass him the bottle of lube, squirting some on to his hand and stroking his cock, making sure to coat the end well, before instructing Lily to climb back into the position she was in before. She did, although the lingering effects of her orgasm made her legs extremely shaky as she again spread them, however she quickly noticed Josh wasn't lining up to go back in to her pussy, he was clearly thinking he would copy Mason, and was attempting to enter Lily's ass like Mason had done with Hayley. Now Lily was stuck in another conundrum, as whilst she had done anal before, it was normally something she only did with a boyfriend in a long term relationship. She had never done it with a one night stand or casual partner, and yet now, Josh was pushing against her ring, and if she didn't move to stop him, he would be in her ass any second.
Normally, she would have just said no, and re-directed him back in to her pussy, but seeing the way Hayley was being pounded in both holes, and the look of pleasure across her face as Mason and Stephen hammered her, she was definitely enjoying herself. Whilst she was trying to decide if she was going to let Josh be the first non-serious guy she would allow to fuck her ass, the decision was made for her as her still jelly-like legs made her body drop slightly, just as he raised his hips, allowing his smooth end to make full use of the lube he spread on to it a few seconds ago, and slide in to Lily's asshole, drawing a big gasp from her as he continued to sink into her tight hole.
"Ohhhh...hmmmmmm...go...slow...hmmmmm...oohhhhh..." she managed to somehow say as Josh slowly pressed his cock further in to her.
Once he finally bottomed out, he held still for a little while to allow her rarely fucked ass a chance to get used to having his throbbing cock inside, instead reaching around her small frame and playing with her boobs again, almost as a means of distracting her, despite the fact she wasn't anti-anal. Alex had been watching and was now extremely excited to mirror the scene from next to them, and reached forward, running his thumb over Lily's clit as she lay still on Josh's ripped chest with his cock up her ass. Even though she wasn't a massive fan of taking it in the ass, even she had to admit that this felt really good. The naughtiness of the situation was proving to be a massive turn on, and right now, she was thinking there was nothing she wouldn't do. As she adjusted to having Josh in her backside, Alex moved forward and began to press into her pussy, finding it surprisingly tight considering it had just been fucked by two men simultaneously, and causing her to let out another loud moan as he buried his length deeper inside.
Pretty soon, both men were thrusting in to Lily similarly to how Mason and Stephen were hammering Hayley, and again, the bed looked resembled a scene from a hardcore movie - 4 good looking, muscled, and well hung men, double penetrating two gorgeous girls who were enjoying themselves as much as the guys. After what seemed like ages, Stephen could feel himself moving towards cumming, but didn't want to be the first to go so quickly, so decided to pull out, and moved towards Lily's head, letting her suck Hayley's pussy juices off his cock as she was being double teamed, allowing his orgasm to cool off and prolong his performance. This freed Mason up to really start hammering into Hayley's ass, which he took full advantage of, almost immediately speeding up and increasing the intensity of his cock pounding into her.
This was the first time Hayley had taken an ass-pounding like he was administering, as previously, however had fucked her back door had been pretty gentle, however he was just plain going for it, his hips pistoning up and down as his length disappeared inside her at great speed before reappearing and repeating the process. Hayley was now almost screaming with pleasure as he ploughed into her, before, for the first time in her life, Hayley did something she had never imagined possible and orgasmed through anal alone, as started to squirt as Mason kept hammering away.
Alex had seen this, and watched as Hayley thrashed around, trying in vain to escape from Mason's powerful grip holding her in place on top of him. Eventually, Hayley managed to wrestle enough to cause Mason to slip out of her ass, granting her some temporary respite. This wasn't to last though, as Alex pulled out of Lily and moved over, positioning himself between Hayley's legs, and easily slipped his cock into her vacant pussy, her cum coating his length as he pushed into her. Seconds later, his true intention was revealed, as he pulled out of Hayley's pussy and presented his uncut cock against her rectum, again, sliding past her sphincter with almost no resistance as he began fucking her ass.
Stephen had now taken Alex's former position in between Lily's legs and was fucking her pussy as part of the double penetration, until Josh pulled of her ass and tipped her back slightly, also causing Stephen's cock to be extracted, but basically offering his position to Stephen, who wasted no time in moving in to take his turn in her ass. He sank into her ass with ease, and immediately started pounding into Lily's ass with reckless abandon, as both he and Alex occasionally pulled out of the respective ass they were fucking and Josh and Mason re-entered, regularly switching between themselves to ensure all men had a fair turn ass-fucking their respective girl.
All of the men were now getting close to orgasming, so Mason slid out from beneath Hayley and instructed both girls to move to the floor, kneeling as the group surrounded them and began jerking off.
This was the final bridge to cross for Lily, who had already done so many things she had either never imagined or never allowed her temporary partner to do, and now she knew what the intention was - the four men were planning to finish the gang bang by cumming on both girls' faces. They didn't have to wait long, as Stephen moved closer and Hayley moved her head next to Lily's, he instructed the girls to open their mouths. Hayley again immediately complied, however Lily took a couple of seconds before thinking 'fuck it' to herself and doing as she was told. Seconds later, Stephen began shooting his load across both faces, some landing in their mouths, but most of it just landing on their chins. Before they had chance to do anything, Mason stepped forward and started unloading as well, although he seemed to have a much better aim, getting most of his cum in Hayley's open mouth, but with the odd more powerful jet clearing her and landing on Lily's face. Josh was next to go, and since he was stood next to Lily, he was able to shoot almost all of his spunk into her mouth, leaving her with little available option but to swallow some of it, which even though she didn't particularly want to, she took a big gulp. Last to go was Alex, who was also stood next to Hayley, however he didn't bother to even remotely aim for her mouth, instead spraying by far the biggest load directly onto both girls faces almost covering Hayley's completely.
Once all four men had finished, Mason encouraged the girls to do some cum swapping, with Lily leaning over and spitting some of the jizz in to Hayley's mouth, before Hayley returned the favour, at which point they both swallowed what they had, and entered into a deep, lingering, cum covered kiss.
The guys had now moved away, locating their shorts and t-shirts and re-dressing as Hayley and Lily continued their embrace, before heading back up on to the top deck, making sure to take the girls bikinis with them, ensuring they would be naked when they joined them. As the guys all congratulated each other on what they had just done and sat drinking beer, Lily and Hayley decided to take a shower before joining them, giving them a chance to wash the spunk off their faces, plus any that had run down and landed elsewhere on their bodies. They switched the hot water on and stepped under, letting the stream clean them off, before drying off and looking for their bikinis, finally realising the guys must have taken them with them, so headed up to the main deck wrapped in towels.
As they got to the top deck, Hayley immediately went to her phone, picking it up to find a message from Dan.
'Hey babe. Hope you've been having a great time. I've just a text from Miruna, apparently a girl I found for her earlier wants to do a nude set, and said she doesn't mind if I'm there, so Miruna has asked if I would like to help since you're not here, so I'll be there for a bit. Xxx'
Seeing that, she smiled as she began typing a reply.
'Hey handsome. Yeah it's been really fun. I'll tell you all about it later, but for now I've had my bikini stolen by one of the guys, so we are probably just gonna drink and nude sunbathe for the rest of afternoon. You should definitely go with Miruna, and invite them back to party in the hot tub. It sounds like she has a thing for you already, so crack on and give her a good seeing to. Have fun, and I'll see you later. Xxx'
After sending the message, she made a big drink with a lot of vodka and knocked it back in one go, before making another, putting a straw in it, and moving over to the sun loungers. She put the towel on it and laid face down, not even bothering to ask the guys for her bikini back, and took a swig of the drink she made a few moments before. It didn't take long for the mixture of the afternoon's activities, the potent drink she had just knocked back, and the heat of the sun to make her feel sleepy, and she had soon dozed off, her exposed ass soaking up the rays.
Dan had text Miruna back to say he would help, and had walked back up the beach to where she normally was, seeing her doing another shoot with two girls and noticed that several other girls were watching and pointing. He walked over to them and said hi, explaining he had seen them looking and asking if they were interested in doing a shoot. He could tell they were, but were not sure what to expect, so he told them he was a friend of the photographer, and found himself again explaining the premise of the website and the challenge, before they said they would like to do a shoot. When Miruna finished with the two girls she had been busy with, she walked over to Dan and gave him a kiss, before saying that Lucie had gone to get some lunch but would be back soon, so they can head to the other beach when she returns. Dan introduced the two girls to her as Melissa and Rhea, and said they would also like to do a shoot.
"Dan, I don't know how you do it. I should hire you full time! You keep finding me gorgeous girls to shoot!" She said, looking at the girls as she did so.
"But girls, as much as I would love to photograph you right now, let me get your phone numbers and I can call you tomorrow because unfortunately now I cannot. I have a nude shoot scheduled with a girl at a different beach, so I cannot do it now, is that ok?" she asked, wishing she could split herself in half and do both shoots.
"Ok, sure" Melissa replied, "or we could come to the other beach and do the shoot there? Could we do that?"
"I can ask Lucie, who is doing the nude shoot, to see if she minds. She might say yes, but if she says she would rather not, then I have to respect that." Miruna explained, now hoping Lucie doesn't mind if Melissa and Rhea go as well.
The two girls began chatting amongst themselves in Romanian, continually looking at Dan and giggling as he and Miruna chatted, before she looked at him and smiled.
"I think Melissa likes you" she said, having understood what the girls were saying.
"Oh, why? What did she say?" Dan asked.
"She just say she wouldn't mind getting naked with you, and her friend didn't say no, so hopefully, you've found me some more girls to go nude, which are good for the website. I don't know how you do it, but I wish you could stay all summer!" Miruna replied.
"Well, I'd love to stay, but I have a job at home, so I doubt that will happen, but now, why don't you call Lucie and see if she is ok for these girls to come with her?" Dan told her.
"I don't have to, she's walking over now. Let me go and talk to her" Miruna said before heading off to speak to Lucie.
A few moments later, they walked over and Miruna said Lucie wasn't comfortable with them going, so Miruna took their numbers and agreed to call to arrange a shoot the following day before she headed to her car with Dan and Lucie to go to the other part of the beach. It didn't take long before they arrived, and Dan gave Miruna a hand carrying the equipment down and getting set up as Lucie wandered around, almost nervously, thinking about what they expected. Miruna turned to her and asked something in Romanian, before getting a nod and turning back to Dan, asking how he felt about really helping her by filming the shoots. When he agreed, she gave him a crash course in using the video camera after setting it up on the tripod, asking Lucie if she was ready. The slim stunner nodded, and they began shooting as Dan watched through the video lens, filming as she quickly grew in confidence and her top was off in short time.
Her boobs were incredible, big and full, but no hint of sag, with cute little pink nipples that caught Dan's eye. The only thing he could think of was how if anything, they were almost too big for her tiny frame, and she was now really getting into the photoshoot, teasing and posing seductively, continually switching her focus between Miruna's camera and Dan's. Miruna directed her in various positions around the beach, breaking the shoot in to two sections, before she moved away to fetch a drink from her bag and prepared for the third set. Lucie was absolutely overflowing with confidence now, and went over to speak to Dan as soon as Miruna left.
"Do you like what you are seeing?" She asked, waiting on Dan's response.
"Very impressive!" Dan smiled at her, "I'm looking forward to what's coming up next."
"Well, Miruna, she tell me you and your girlfriend do things with other people, so maybe after the photos, if you like it so much, maybe you can get a closer look..." She responded nervously, looking away from him as she spoke.
"Well, maybe I will take up that offer, so I suggest you show me how sexy you can be and flaunt what you have got!" he replied, knowing what she was suggesting and looking forward to it.
Miruna came back at that point, and the next set started a few moments later, however this time Lucie was a lot more sultry, really getting into the shoot quickly, and despite having started off with her bikini top back on, it didn't last long. It wasn't long after that she was taking off her bottoms without prompting, her confidence shining through as she stood without a stitch of clothing in front of two people she had only just met, whilst Miruna clicked and Dan filmed. They shot the nude sets for over an hour, getting 3 different sets in before calling it a day. Miruna packed away the equipment, and Dan began carrying it up the beach, when Lucie grabbed a bag and caught up to him.
"So, did you like what you saw?" She asked.
"Absolutely sensational. You looked amazing!" He told her. "Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes absolutely. It was a lot of fun. I cannot believe I did it, but I am glad I did! I'll tell all the girls I meet to find her and do a shoot!" She replied, making him smile.
"So, do you want a closer look at what you saw?" She asked, this time not taking her eyes off him to await his response.
"I most certainly would. Where are you thinking I should do that?" He responded.
"Well, my hotel is not far, we could go there?" She suggested, inquisitively.
"Then that's where we will go, if you are sure you want to?" Dan answered.
He finished loading the bags into the car, and they set off back towards the main beach, Miruna intending to try and get one or two more photo sets before it got too dark, so she parked the car up and said goodbye to Dan and Lucie, before heading down to the beach and immediately striking up a conversation with a girl sunbathing. As she walked off, Lucie pointed to her hotel and led Dan towards it, walking through the lobby and quickly heading up to her room. The room was high, either the 9th or 10th floor, and Lucie opened the door and let Dan follow her inside, quickly taking the 'Do not disturb' sign and putting it over the door handle, before closing it behind them. Although the room was nowhere near as big or luxurious as Dan and Hayley's, it was light and spacious, probably due to the huge floor to ceiling windows that were letting the sun through where Lucie had opened the curtains that morning before leaving.
As Dan moved towards them, he suddenly felt her hand on his arm, and she pulled him round, before pushing him on to the bed and quickly climbing over him, her knees either side of his hips as she leaned down and planted a deep kiss on him, before grinning as she sat up and pulled her t-shirt over her head, freeing her huge pair again before leaning back down and kissing him again. This did not last long though, as she quickly began showing her naughty side, quickly shuffling down the bed and undoing his shorts, releasing his erection and taking it into her mouth, sucking him from tip to base as Dan found out first hand Hayley wasn't the only girl he knew that could deep throat. This carried on for about ten minutes, before Dan instructed her to turn her body around so she was hovering above his face.
Once she did this, he began rubbing her pussy through her bikini bottoms, before untying the bow at the side and pulling them to the side they were still tied up, letting them drop onto the bed as they landed around her knee. His face was now a few inches from her perfectly shaved pussy, and there was no way he was going to stand on ceremony, so lifted his head and his tongue began licking at her wet slit, allowing it to trace around the her love hole, before moving to her clit and focussing on that. It danced across her sensitive bean, sending shivers up her spine with each flick of his tongue, before she made her way down the bed and placed his throbbing erection at her entrance, slowly impaling herself as she slid down his length.
Dan watched her tiny ass rise and fall as her tight pussy wrapped around his cock, sliding in easily despite how tight she was, because she was clearly turned on which had made her extremely wet and he was fully inside her almost immediately, soon building up a steady rhythm of fucking her. Not content with looking at her from behind whilst she rode him reverse cowgirl style, he leaned forward and guided her off him, before laying her down on her back, and sliding himself back in to her bald, silky smooth slit, gaining a much better vantage point to watch as his shaft repeatedly pumped in to Lucie's welcoming hole while her large tits wobbled on her tiny body.
As Dan continued hammering in to Lucie, he noticed from the corner of his eye that they were being watched by a young couple in the building opposite, who were not even trying to be inconspicuous, instead, just standing on their balcony blatantly watching the action. This caused mixed feelings in Dan, as he wasn't bothered at being watched, and was pretty sure at that moment, Lucie wouldn't care either, but his concern was that if she did, she may stop altogether, ending their fun. After a few seconds, he decided she had the right to know.
"We've got an audience. There is a couple on the balcony opposite watching us right now..." he told her quietly, hoping for a positive reaction.
Her response was extremely positive, as he could feel her getting wetter within seconds of the words leaving his mouth, so he decided to see how far she would go, pulling out and laying down beside her, before guiding her back onto him reverse cowgirl style again, giving their voyeuristic neighbours a full view of the action as she again bounced on his cock. Dan moved his head to the side, looking around the gorgeous girl currently riding him like her life depended on it, and looked over to the balcony, seeing the couple not only still watching them, but both now had their phones in their hands, most likely filming the scene in front of them.
"Since you're clearly enjoying being watched, how about we really put on a show for them?" he asked.
"Hmm, what are you thinking?" Lucie replied, intrigued to hear what he would propose.
"Go and stand at the window, putting your foot on the table next to it, and I'll fuck you against the window so that they get a perfect view." he suggested.
"That is good for me. Do you want me to swallow when you cum?" She responded enthusiastically.
"Well, I was thinking along similar lines, but I would cum on your face, are you game for that?"
The question was redundant, as her horniness was evident as he spoke, before he told her to move to the window, which she did, following his previous instruction to the letter, putting her foot up on the table as Dan moved in, easily slipping back in between her legs as their audience continued recording from their balcony. The photoshoot with Miruna that day must have sparked an unknown exhibitionist side to Lucie, as she felt an unexpected but very welcome orgasm hit her, making her legs become weak as crashed over her, and causing the muscles in her pussy spasm uncontrollably. Luckily, Dan was almost at the same point, and this increased sensation tipped him over the edge, so he instructed her to turn around and kneel in front of him, which she quickly did, despite being light-headed from her own climax, as he rapidly jerked his cock a few times next to her face, almost instantly starting to cum. Lucie kneeled before him, stroking her clit as Dan began shooting his spunk onto her face, plastering it with his thick white seed which seemed to go everywhere, including in her hair, over her closed eyes, and in her waiting mouth.
As he was finishing off, he looked over at the couple on the other balcony, and gave them a salute as another drop of jizz dribbled out on to Lucie's face, getting a smile and a thumbs up sign from the watchers, before he guided Lucie to stand up and turned her to face the couple. They got a perfect view of her incredible naked body as she stood facing them, but keeping her eyes closed due to the cum in them, before he led her to the bathroom and switched the shower on, helping her enter it to wash his spunk off her face.
"Miruna was right, I did need that, and you definitely know how to fuck. She told me you and your girlfriend have sex with other people, so hopefully we can do it again." Lucie said as she began working shampoo through her hair.
"Hmm, so what else has Miruna been telling you?" Dan asked curiously.
"Not much, just that, and you are actually quite kinky and set dares, so I wonder if you going to set me something." She replied.
He walked back in to the other room and picked up his phone, before returning and taking a picture of her naked in the shower, making her laugh, before getting her number and calling it so she had his, before thinking of a dare for her.
"Ok, I've got one for you, with a few conditions. Firstly, you are not allowed to close the curtains at any point for the rest of your holiday, and if the maid closes them, you are to re-open them immediately once you notice. Second, you must take off all clothing whenever you are in the room, so you are naked at all times. You can only wear clothes when you are going out, and you must get dressed in the main room just before you leave. If you come in at night, you must put the lights on before you get undressed, and you are to sleep naked. And lastly, When you have a shower, you are to dry yourself in the other room, without having a towel wrapped around you. I think that sounds like a good dare, as you don't know who could see you naked. You like the sound of this dare?"
"Yes I will do this. It feels naughty that people could see me naked and I not know, so ok."
"Ok then, I'm going to head off. I'll call you in the next few days and see if we can meet up so you can meet Hayley, as I think you two would really get on well." Dan said, before getting dressed and making his way back to his hotel.
When he arrived, he went out to the pool bar and sat down, ordering a drink and lighting a cigarette to wait for Hayley to return, chatting with several people he had met during their time there, before he got a text saying they were on their way back. The guys had given her back her bikini when she woke up, and within about half an hour, she was walking through to the pool bar from the beach, smiling like a Cheshire cat as she sat down and began telling Dan about her day, keeping what happened on the boat quiet until there would be nobody around to hear about it. He told her about (most of) his day, keeping back the part about his arrangement with Marc and what happened after the photoshoot with Lucie, not to keep it as a secret, but so he could also tell her about it when they were alone. When they returned to their room to get ready for the night, they both told each other about their respective afternoon's fun, before going out to a few of the local clubs, drinking and dancing, finally heading back to their room at roughly 3 o'clock in the morning for a bit of late night drunken sex before falling asleep.