I live in a small country near the Mediterranean Sea. The coast is dotted with many beautiful beaches. This is a real story that happened in my favorite beach. Soon you will know how it became my favorite.
The place is remote and not frequented by many visitors. The services are bare minimal, just an old shower facility, made of wooden planks connected with nails. Such a wall also separates the women's and men's sections. Each section has a service area with a few sinks and mirrors. On one side there are a few toilet cabins, and on the other side there is a small shower area with few open showers, without doors or even curtains. The planks are not sealed well, the sporadic cracks allow peeping from the outside into the facility, or even between the women's and men's sections.
The lack of decent privacy keeps most people away from this place, which explains why it is so deserted. But I didn't care. Or maybe I did...
One beautiful sunny day I arrived at the beach and saw only one school bus in the car park. Going down, I could see the group from the bus at the wide sand strip near the water. Some jumping on the waves, some playing on the sand, others sunbathing.
Getting closer, I noticed they were a class from a girl catholic college. They were all girls, in the age eighteen to nineteen (but looked so innocent and inexperienced as if they were younger), led by three nuns. All the girls had modest one-piece swimming suits; the nuns were fully dressed. Apparently, they chose the place for its solitude, trying to avoid the stares of smitten males.
I didn't want to disturb them, and decided to go the other way, far enough that my stares would not be noticed. But first I had to change, and I also needed the spray of cold shower to refresh, so I headed to the shower facility.
All was quiet there. I was alone in the men's section, and I heard no voice from the women's section. I took off my clothes, opened the faucet of one of the showers and jumped into the cold water. It took me a few seconds to get used to the cold and feel great, and then I indulged in the stream, nothing hurrying me to get out.
I stayed there for a few long minutes, when I heard the voice of running steps on the sand and giggling girls that got louder as they approached the facility. After a few seconds I heard them entering the women's section through the door on the other side of the facility. It seemed that there were two of them, one entered a toilet stall while the other waited for her at the service area.
At this point I got curious. I closed the water and stepped out of the shower. From that spot I noticed a gap between two planks in the wall that separated us. Getting closer to it, I could see through into the women's service area. The waiting girl was there, standing by a sink and watching herself in the mirror, not more than six-seven feet from me. Obviously the first thing that came to my mind was that if she turned slightly, she would see me naked.
I was sure that if that happened, she would scream and run out in horror. But I could not resist the temptation. I stayed there and started wiping myself slowly with a towel. The thinking that a girl in her most curious sexual development years is in a touch distance from me and with a slight turn of her head would see a full view of my arousing genitals, streamed blood into them, causing my penis to inch forward quickly.
And then it happened. She emitted a voice that could not be mistaken. She didn't shout, apparently she didn't want me to hear, but it was a clear surprise moan. Instead of running away, she stood there frozen. Out the corner of my eye I could see her staring at my growing organ, her eyes wide open, swallowing what she sees.
Then she rushed to the stall used by her friend and called to her, trying not to raise her voice too much but loud enough that her friend could hear (and so did I):
"Lisa, Lisa, come out! Quick, quick!"
"What happened, Maggie?" asked Lisa in a worried voice.
"You must see something, quickly" answered Maggie.
In a few seconds I heard the toilet flushing and Lisa bursting out of the stall.
Maggie whispered something and they both stood by the gap in the wall. By this time my cock was fully erected.
"OH MY GOD!!!" screamed Lisa.
"Shhh," Maggie hushed her, "he will hear you."
"He must have heard already," Lisa answered, "and he wants us to see him."
They whispered something that I could not hear, then turned around and ran out of the cabin. I was sure they were going to tell the nuns that there was a man in the showers exposing to girls, and I smelled troubles...
To be continued...