Today was the start of the convention. You know the type. People go out of their way to dress up as all different types of characters from movies, comics, anime or the like. Jenna is not a massive geek, but she sure does love dressing up for these things. She's a stickler for details. She loves combing through footage from the movies or photos of the props to make a costume that's as screen accurate as possible. I was not as into the finer details, but I let Jenna interject here or there to tweak things on my costume to make it 'better' in her eyes. This year I was going as Boba Fett. I had the helmet, the armor, a blaster. It looked pretty good, in my opinion. Jenna probably would have given me more crap about it, but she was focused on her own costume. Perhaps costumes. She wouldn't tell me what they were. She had them in her bag and was in the bathroom getting changed. She wanted it to be a surprise.
I should tell you more about Jenna. She's a friend of mine. A friend with benefits, as they say. We're by no means exclusive as we know we're not meant for each other, long term, but we do enjoy pushing each other's buttons, sometimes pushing each other into things we wouldn't otherwise do. She's a shy little thing. Petite, thin, long hair and small but perky and perfectly shaped breasts. She's been known to go a little wild at times, but only if given the ... proper motivation. She'll stay in her shell in most situations, but when she gets going ... well, let's say it's a thing to behold. For this weekend we were playing the part of boyfriend/girlfriend as it made her less likely to be hit on, and if she did find someone she wanted to 'play' with, she could make them be all stealthy and quick about it, and she could ignore them afterwards without having to come up with excuses. Plus she likes making guys nervous.
We had gotten there the night before so we hand plenty of time to get up and get ready, plus she needed a room to get changed, and the convention opened up a couple hours before we would be able to check in to a room, so it worked out better this way. I was already dressed and waiting for a while now. My costume, I'm sure, was easier to put on that hers... whatever it was.
"Ready?" Jenna asked from inside the bathroom.
"For a while now." I answered, playfully.
Out from the bathroom she came, and what I saw I couldn't quite believe. Slave Leia. She had the whole costume, as far as I could tell, spot on. The 'bra', the bikini-like bottoms with long flowing cover. The arm bands, and even the hair, braided with adornments. She even had the collar complete with chain hanging down.
"Wow!" was all I could get out as I watched in awe.
"You like it? I'm not 100% on the boots. I'm fairly sure they're correct but the way the..."
"I don't think anyone will even notice you're wearing boots, to be honest."
"You think so?"
"I mean... you're practically nude, save for the panties." She was wearing a pair of skin-colored panties under the costume.
"Ugh! Are they that obvious? I knew this was going to be a problem. I mean... without them is more accurate, but this thing isn't exactly concealing. Carrie Fisher said that the guy that played Boba Fett could see everything, and ..."
"I'm fine with that!" I joked.
"I'm sure you are, but there's a lot of people down there. I can kinda handle a little side boob, and I was a little anxious as it was about basically wandering around that floor in barely covered panties, but without them ... one wrong move and I'm libel to be arrested!"
"I doubt that. But in any case, no one's going to have a problem with the panties."
"I'll have a problem with them. I spent a lot of time on this costume. I just ... No. It's fine. You're right. No one will care. I'm just ... I'll be fine." She resolved herself.
"So are you ready to go, then?"
"I think so..." she was lost in thought for a moment. "Ok. Lets go." I put on my helmet and we headed out.
She gripped my arm anxiously as we headed out into the hallway. She was effectively walking around in public in what amounted to elaborate pasties and a narrow cloth covering her panties. By the time we got to the elevator, she was already starting to relax. As the elevator doors closed she stood there, lost in thought. She was on the side of the buttons and I waited a few seconds for her to push the one for the second floor where there was an indoor bridge across the road to the convention proper, but she just stared off, thinking deeply. I reached past her and hit the button, but she didn't break out of it. As we started to descend I saw her hand fidget at the side of her bikini.
"It's really bothering you, isn't it?" I asked, knowing the answer.
"Mmmmm" She confirmed, still staring off into nowhere.
"I'm sure no one's going to care. They're not that noticeable. Really!" I tried to reassure her.
"You know what? Fuck it." she said and grabbing the side of her panties gave them a tug down, then bent over to ease them down her legs. Just at that moment the elevator let out a "Ding!" and it slowed short of the convention floor. Someone else was getting on. She stood bolt upright and her panties fell to the floor. Her eyes wide with panic, she pulled one foot out, then just as the doors started to open, she kicked them into the corner of the elevator right in front of me. As the doors revealed a normal looking middle-aged couple, I bent down, grabbing them and balling them in my hand as I stood back up and placed them nonchalantly in my pocket. The couple walked in as we shuffled to the back corner to give them room. The man was obviously trying to non-obviously take in the sight while the woman was far more obviously doing the same.
"Wow. Nice costumes you two!" She proclaimed.
"Thanks!" I said cheerfully as Jenna squeezed my arm, managing only a smile in return.
We were only a few floors from the second, so it was only a few moments before the elevator slowed to a stop and the doors opened again. As we got off the woman called out "Have fun at the convention! Seriously, love the costume!" specifically targeting Jenna with the remark.
"Thanks!" Jenna replied, a bit shyly.
As we walked it became a little more obvious how daring her costume was. The drape down her back covered the back of her butt, but the sides were clearly on display, and you could see the underneath of her curves, combined with the lack of any cloth at her side made it obvious she was nude underneath. To top it off, as she walked the piece that held the front drape moved in such a way that from my position next to her I could catch brief glimpses down to her mound. There were others moving around us, but she was obviously focused on just moving forward and not acknowledging the attention she was getting .As we got to the end of the bridge, just before the stairs down to the lobby in front of the main doors for the con, I took her aside to talk to here where we couldn't be heard.
"This is making you nervous, isn't it?" I asked the obvious question.
"Very."
"This is making you wet, isn't it?"
"Very."
I pulled the panties out of my pocket, bunched in my hand. "You want to put the panties back on?" I held them out to her.
"No. I can do this." She said, more reassuring herself than me.
"Ok!" I moved to put them back in my pocket.
"Wait!" she reached out for them. I handed them back to her. She promptly dropped them in the trash next to us. "No more safety net! Here." She handed me the end of her chain. "I'm your prisoner. Lead away!" and off we went into the con floor.
Jenna was quite the attraction on the floor as I paraded her around. Lots of people stopped us for pictures or were just otherwise ogling her. People even commented on my costume, too, though I think it was more to get a bit more time to 'take in the sights', if you will.
It was then that we ran into Luke Skywalker. Or, at least, someone dressed as him. It was quite a well done costume, and as luck would have it, was Luke from Return of the Jedi, which matched Jenna's costume's origin. He called out "Leia!" Jenna took one look at him and shouted back "Luke!" and dashed off to him as if he was saving her from me. He held up his lightsaber with one arm while taking Jenna in his other. I held up my blaster in kind and the people around us quite liked the show, taking pictures as we posed for them.
The two immediately clicked in their love for costume details and started chattering on about the color of this part, or the texture on what have you, or the minute details of who the hell cares. What I was noticing was the movements Jenna was making while showing her costume. Movements that no doubt would give 'Luke' glimpses of virtually every part of her.
This kept up for a while as we wandered around as a trio now and the two droned on about materials and sewing techniques. At one point Luke had to go to the bathroom, so we continued on to check out some more of the exhibits. After a minute or two, Jenna caught sight of a pack of slave Leias and practically dragged me in that direction. She split off when we got to them to join the pack. There must have been fifteen or twenty of them. It was crazy. A large crowd had gathered around taking pictures and the girls were moving into various poses to accommodate the onlookers. The girls then started comparing costumes and such, and that's when Jenna told me that they were going to be a while and I should go off on my own for a bit. That was fine with me, as I was getting bored with all the costume talk, and most of the other Leias were more modestly covered than Jenna, so there wasn't even that much to look at that I hadn't already seen.
It was quite a while later when I noticed Jenna coming out of a side hallway with Luke. As I headed towards them, I saw them exchange a few words and he headed off as Jenna looked over and saw me. As I got to her she grabbed my arm and pulled me back into the hallway.
"I see you found Luke."
"Yeah, he found the pack of Leias. Come'ere" she pulled me into an empty side conference room and closed the door.
I pulled off my helmet. "What were you two doing back here?"
"I needed him to help me with a clasp on my costume." She peaked out the door's window to see if anyone was nearby.
"Did it break?" I asked.
"No, I just wanted to flash him my tits." She seemed confident no one was coming.
"Oh really? Did he like that?"
"He did indeed. He even let me inspect his lightsaber!" She said with a grin.
"Lightsaber, eh?"
"I sucked his cock." She said bluntly.
"You blew your brother? Eeew!" I joked.
"Oh shut up!" She grabbed at the drape covering her butt, turned around, leaned over grabbing a chair to brace herself, and pulled the drape out of the way, revealing her bare butt and her completely shaven pussy. "Now, hurry up and fuck me before someone comes!"
"Well, damn! No argument here!" I said as I moved in behind her, opened up the front of my pants, fished out my stiffening cock, lined it up, and pushed in. She was extremely wet and I was in balls deep without much effort at all. "God, you're practically dripping!"
"I've been practically nude in a room packed with strangers trying to sneak pictures of my pussy all day! Then Luke kept getting clear views down the front of my costume. Half the time we posed my leg brushed up against his front and I could feel his cock rub against me. Then a bunch of the Leias and I went off to one of these rooms to compare costumes and after spending twenty minutes basically exposing myself to a room of strange women and inspecting details of their costumes while being inches from tits, panties, and a few bare pussies. Then on the way out I ran into Luke. I couldn't help it. I pulled him in here to 'help me with my costume'. I unclasped the bra and my tits were on display, and before I knew it, he was feeling up my tits, and then I was feeling up his cock, and then I just had to see it ... Uh!" She was close. "Then I was sucking... his... cock... Uh!" She was cumming. Her pussy was squeezing my cock trying to milk my cum out, which put me at the edge.
"I'm gonna cum!" I warned her.
"Don't stop!" She demanded, and I didn't, releasing my cum into her. As I pulled out, she held her hand under her pussy to catch the cum as it dripped out. Standing up with her hand still between her legs she gave a little shake of her hips, then lifted her hand up. It was covered in cum and she started licking it clean. "Don't wanna make a mess!" She smiled. "Mmmm. You two taste very similar!" she added as she kept licking.
"You swallowed?"
"Of course! Didn't miss a drop!" she grinned. I zipped up and straightened myself out. She did the same and after only a few moments she said "Let's go back to the room to clean up and get changed. I need a break. I might end up blowing someone in the middle of the floor if I keep this up!"
"That's not such a bad thing!" I joked.
"Shut up! You'll get me arrested!"
We headed back onto the main floor as the bridge back to our hotel was on the other side. As we walked Jenna grabbed my arm and gave it a tight squeeze. She leaned in and whispered in my ear "I can feel you dripping out of me!" We kept walking and she would occasionally squeeze harder and squeak a little bit, no doubt as a little bit more dripped out each time.
We made our way out of the hall and I took off my helmet. "Aaah. This thing is so hot. I've been sweating bullets." Back up the stairs, across the bridge and towards the elevators. Jenna pulled on my arm and said "It's Luke!" I looked over and saw down the hallway towards the front desk was Luuke, apparently having a spirited discussion with the front desk staff. We diverted in that direction and as we got there Luke noticed us.
"Oh, hey guys!" he tried to be chipper, but he was obviously annoyed.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"The hotel doesn't have my reservation. I mean, I have it right here," he gestured to his phone "but they say they have no record of it. And they're saying that the hotel's booked up. All the other hotels around here are, too. Or at least the ones they've called so far. They're on the phone with one now."
"Wow, that sucks, man. Hopefully they can find a room for you." I said.
"I mean... they're being real nice about it, but I'm kinda screwed. I just needed the room for one night. My friends get in tomorrow and we have a suite reserved, though I should call them to double check, given how well this system's working right now."
"They have a room available, sir." The desk attendant said.
"Which hotel?" he asked.
"The Regal, downtown."
"Downtown? How far is that from here?"
"About 15 minutes by car." she answered
"I don't have a car. I took an airport shuttle here and the convention is in this hotel!"
"I'm sorry sir, but that's the closest hotel with a room available."
"Uh... crap... uh..." was all he could get out.
"You could stay in our room!" Jenna offered.
"Huh? Really?" he unsurely added.
"Yeah! We have plenty of room. It's no trouble at all!" She answered.
"You don't mind?" He asked, directing it at us both.
"Oh, I don't mind at all." I answered, amused by the thought. "And you can get all caught up with your brother!" I prodded at Jenna.
"Oh, you!" Jenna poked back. "We're headed up there now to get changed. Why don't you come up and you can drop off your bag, maybe get changed if you want."
"Thank you, so much, guys. You're a lifesaver."
"Oh, no trouble at all!" I replied.
"Thank you for your help!" He said to the attendant as we headed to the elevators.
He was apparently meeting his friends in the morning for the next day at the con, and they were going to get lined up for a panel for some upcoming show, or some such. I wasn't paying much attention to the details, since Jenna's costume was still one hell of a distraction.
Once we got up to the room Luke noticed the bed. "There's just one bed?"
"Don't worry. There's plenty of room!" Jenna reassured him.
"It's not the room. I just didn't think..."
"I don't mind. It's a huge bed, and I'll be too exhausted to care." I admitted.
"Well, I..." he stammered out.
"You can sleep next to me!" Jenna chimed in. "I won't make you sleep next to another guy. I know how you guys can get!" She joked.
"I... uh... alright. If you're sure."
"Can't have you sleeping on the floor. You're our guest!" I said, playing along. I wondered where this was going, though I had a pretty good idea.
Jenna headed into the bathroom to get changed. "You don't mind if I get changed here, do you?" I asked Luke, cause I was dying to get out of this costume.
"Oh, no, not at all. I think I'll do the same, if you don't mind, that is."
"Go right ahead!" I answered, and proceeded to get undressed. I'm not into guys, really, but Luke wasn't that bad looking. Nothing to write home about, but not bad. He turned away from me as he changed his pants, so out of courtesy, I did the same, but I only put on a pair of shorts as I wanted to take a shower.
Jenna came out a couple minutes later, and even though her outfit covered more of her, it was just as sexy. She had on a cropped top, and a bra, but it can't have been that thick because her nipples were rather obviously poking through. Her pleated skirt wasn't excessively short, but it was by no means long at maybe mid-thigh or a touch less. Just long enough to be presentable, but short enough to be exceedingly sexy.
"You know, we've been calling you 'Luke' this whole time. I just realized we don't know your name!" Jenna said, which I found amusing as she already had a load of his cum in her stomach.
"Actually, it really is Luke!" he said
"Really?" I asked.
"Yeah. It kinda worked out that I somewhat look like him anyway, so it's my go-to costume for these things."
"Well, whaddaya know!" Jenna said.
"I'm gonna take a shower, real quick. I've been sweating bullets all day in that helmet."
"I haven't. My costume was really breezy!" Jenna chirped up.
"Oh, was it? I hadn't noticed!" I joked back and took my bag into the bathroom.
After getting washed up and dressed I entered the room and Luke was already headed for the bathroom. "I'm just gonna..." He gestured to the bathroom, went in and closed the door.
Jenna came over and gave me a big kiss. She held my head to hers as she stuck her tongue in my mouth. I could taste cum on her. A lot of cum. "Mmm?"
She responded with an "Mmmm!" as she pushed what must have been his whole load into my mouth. We played with it back and forth a bit before breaking off.
"Sorry for the surprise. I just... well. I sat down next to him on the bed and we were talking, and as soon as the water turned on we were kissing and he was feeling my tits, then I was feeling his cock then he was fingering me, then he was eating me out, and then I was blowing him again, and, well, you know the results of that."
"He ate you out?" I asked, somewhat surprised.
"Yeah, why?" it took a second. "Oh!" she giggled.
"Do you think he noticed?"
"Not that he let on. I wiped up in the bathroom, but that stuff will be leaking out of me for hours, so I'm sure he got a fair share! I didn't even think of that. Got so caught up in things!" she stared off with a grin on her face, delighted with the thought.
"Does he still think I'm your boyfriend?"
"Why do you think he was so nervous just then. You finished your shower, but I kept blowing him. He came just before you opened the door!"
"You just love torturing guys, don't you?"
"I don't hear them complaining!" she said with a huge smile on her face.
Just then the bathroom door opened and Luke came out. Jenna turned to him, still smiling. "Shall we head to dinner?"
Luke looked like he was half expecting a bomb to go off. "Yeah, where would you like to go?" I asked, pretending to be oblivious, and amused by the whole thing.
Dinner went rather uneventfully, and Luke was polite for the whole night. If I didn't get a mouthful of his cum an hour ago, I'd think he was a saint.
Once we got back to the room, Jenna was in an even more giddy mood than she was before. She asked "I'm gonna get ready for bed, if you guys don't mind."
"No not at all." we both responded. Right in front of us she pulled her shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor, leaving her there in her bra and skirt. She dug into her bag and pulled out a large shirt which she pulled over her head. It was so big that once in place, you could only see half of her skirt. She reached up the back of the shirt and unclasped her bra, and some tugging at the straps later, she put her bra into her bag. Standing back up. she reached under the shirt unzipped and dropped her skirt. She was now wearing what was, effectively, an even shorter skirt, and obviously it was much hotter knowing she was pantsless in front of us.
We spent the next hour with Luke on the bed watching TV while I poked around online looking for pictures of the cosplayers from the con. I kept pointing out different costumes in the backgrounds that weren't really worth pointing out there just to get Jenna to bend over to 'look for them' and flash her panties at Luke. She quickly caught onto my game and stayed bent over much longer than she needed to. She, at one point, even sat down in the chair next to me facing Luke to browse on her phone, but she didn't cross her legs, so it was obvious she did it so Luke could stare at her panties.
Finally it was time for bed and Luke went off to the bathroom as I stripped off my shorts and got into the bed. Jenna jumped into the middle with a big grin on her face. "This is so much fun!" She said as her hand reached between her legs to rub the front of her panties. The toilet flushed and the sink ran as Jenna pulled the front of her shirt back into place and covered herself slightly with the sheet. It was warm enough in the room that the sheet and thin blanket was enough. Luke came out wearing the same tshirt and shorts he was wearing before and moved to get into the bed.
"You're not going to wear shorts to sleep, are you? That can't be comfortable!" Jenna protested.
"Well, I... " he wasn't sure what to say.
"Go ahead and take them off. We don't mind. Besides, it'll be fun to be sandwiched between two guys in their underwear!" She joked. He glanced apprehensively at me. I just shrugged and looked back over to the TV, pretending not to care. He stripped off his shorts and quickly hopped into bed. It was a long day, so it wasn't long before we were all asleep.
I woke up to a kiss on the mouth and a hand on my cheek. I was lying on my right side and Jenna was in front of me on her left with a big smile on her face. I gave her a confused look and she responded with a nervous excitement grin, then a finger across her lips silently shushing me. She slowly turned onto her back and nodded her head towards Luke. Again I gave her a confused look and with two fingers to her eyes she mouthed "look" and pointed at Luke. I lifted my head to look, and saw what she was pointing at. I hadn't noticed before, but she had the sheet down below her waist and this caused it to also come down some on Luke and leave him partially exposed. He was lying on his side facing Jenna and was softly snoring away, oblivious to the stiff cock stretching at the fabric of his underwear. I looked back at Jenna who was grinning like a mad woman. "He was poking at my butt." she whispered. "Got me so horny... I had to look!" She bit her knuckle as she stared at his bulge. "I need to touch it! Pretend to be asleep!" I gave her a small smile and a shake of my head indicating I thought she was crazy before resting my head down and closing my eyes enough that they'd look closed in the low light, but open enough I could still see, and began deeply breathing as if I was asleep.
Once convinced that my ruse was convincing enough, she reached down and began fondling his stiff cock with her right hand. Her left hand lifted the front of her t-shirt, exposing her panties stretched over the mound of her pussy. She began slowly sliding her hand over her panties and between her legs while enjoying a cock in her other hand. After a few minutes Luke's snoring had stopped and a few seconds later I heard him whisper "What are you doing?"
"Being a gracious host!" Jenna whispered back.
Lifting his head he looked directly at me as I allowed my eyes to close a bit more, just in case. "Are you crazy? He's right there!"
"He's sleeping, and if you can keep it down, he'll stay that way! Shush!" She pretended to be anxious at the thought.
"I don't know. This is too crazy!" he whispered.
Jenna responded by sliding her hand up, then down into his briefs to stroke his cock directly. "Try not to think. Just enjoy!" she replied back as her hand, now out of sight, save for the outlines of her fingers stretching at the fabric of his underwear as she continued to slowly stroke at his cock.
They stayed like that for a few minutes; Jenna, her hands both sliding slowly back and forth. One buried inside his briefs, and the other rubbing at her panties. She was loving every second of this. She then lifted her hand from her pussy and picked up his right hand, which up till now was resting on his right thigh, and placed it directly on her panties. She always wore soft cotton panties that made sliding your fingers over them so smooth, and since she always liked them with thin fabric and always cuts out that extra fabric in the middle, I knew that he could feel every bump and fold of her pussy as he began to run his fingers over her. She loves it when we're sitting together watching a movie and I rub per pussy through her panties, teasing her the entire movie, while she has a few soft quiet orgasms. We've even managed to do it with others in the room, and the added risk of being caught turned her on even more. Well, tonight she wasn't feeling as patient because after only a few minutes she let go of his cock, moved his hand up to her stomach with her left hand while she lifted the front of her panties with her right, then slid his hand down so he could touch her directly. Her hand immediately went back down his briefs as she let out a soft moan as he likely was now rubbing her clit. After only a short while, I could see him reach lower and he was obviously sliding a finger or two inside of her. The squishy sounds emanating from between her legs illustrated how wet she was as he slowly fingered her. She had her head back and eyes closed as she enjoyed things for a few minutes before looking back down at his cock as she pushed down at the waistband, trying to lower it down his legs some. He pulled his hand from her pussy to assist her and pushed down at the side of his briefs. His cock sprang into view as they lowered, and as his hand found its way back inside her panties, hers wrapped back around his cock, and she watched it intently as precome formed at the head, and the wetness between her legs was made audible again.
Every minute or so she brought her right hand to her mouth to lick off the precome that had dripped there. After doing this a few times, her hand instead went down to the side of her panties and both hands pushed down as she raised her butt slightly to free them. Then shimmying a bit she slid them down her legs, kicking them off her feet, deep under the covers. Then lifted her t-shirt over her head, placing it above her, and laid back down, now totally nude between two men. They immediately went back to their stroking, but now with him getting an eyeful as Jenna tweaked her nipples, head back, eyes closed. A few more minutes of digital manipulation caused her to tense up as an orgasm washed over her. She let out a sigh and a little giggle to show she quite liked that, before carefully turning onto her side to face me, as if she was trying not to shake the bed and wake me. I thought she was done and was going to leave him hanging, but her right arm disappeared behind her. She was blocking my view of Luke, so I was more free to open my eyes and as she looked right at me, her mouth opened in an 'oh' and I knew he was sliding into her. The bed shook a bit as he began to thrust before she turned and whispered "Slowly! Don't wake him!" and turned back to smile a devilish smile at me.
I slowly moved my hand up so that I could tweak one of her nipples without Luke noticing. Her left hand rubbed ay my cock through my underwear while her right was playing with her clit. The slow pace allowed Luke to last several minutes, despite the copious amounts of teasing he got before. Jenna, on the other hand, with her rubbing her clit, me tweaking her nipple and Luke slowly fucking her, managed to cum twice more before Luke said "I'm gonna cum! Where do I..."
"Cum inside me!" Jenna whispered back to him seconds before a soft grunt from him indicated he was doing just that. After he finished unloading into her and pulled out, she closed her legs back together.
"That was amaz..."
"Shh!" She shushed him, despite his whisper tone. "Pull up your underwear!" she told him, and he did. She put her hand on my cheek. "Hey, hun?" She pretended that she didn't know I was awake. "Hun?"
"Hmmmm?" I groggily hummed out.
"Hun, I'm horny!"
Obviously. "What?" I feigned.
"I need you to fuck me." She whispered, matter of factly. Luke easily could hear her. She her hand back down between her legs to play with herself as she talked.
"Why are you naked?" I loved putting her on the spot.
"I was getting so horny sandwiched between two guys in their underwear, I started thinking of what he might do if we woke up and saw my panties up close, so I lifted up my shirt, so if he did, he could. Then I wondered if he would try to see my tits, so I took off my shirt. Then I was so horny, I took off my panties."
"Wow! You're being daring. Do you really want him to wake up and see you like this?"
"I don't know, but I thought it would be really hot if you fucked me while he was next to me!"
"What if he wakes up?" I protested, quite enjoying the idea of fucking with an audience.
"I don't think he will. He's been sleeping peacefully for a while now. Just be quiet and take it slow. He'll never know!" She was quite the character. "You can be quiet, right?" she asked as she pushed her finger into my mouth. The taste of her mixed with cum was quite nice.
She pulled her finger out and I whispered "Turn over!" And she did, turning to face Luke. I slid my underwear down and slowly positioned, lining my cock up. I slid in easily, given that she was extremely wet and filled with cum. "Wow, you really are wet!" I messed with her.
"Told you I was horny!" she whispered back, and I proceeded to slowly fuck her over the course of who knows how long, and how many orgasms she had knowing that Luke was watching the whole thing less than a foot away. I suspect he was playing with her nipples like I was. I couldn't see anything, but they're hard to resist.
Eventually I let out a sigh as I added my cum to his deep inside her. She turned back over to face me. She kept her eyes closed in the afterglow for a bit before looking at me and whispering "That was lovely. Thank you!" She leaned in to give me a long, deep kiss and then let out a soft moan. "Now get back to sleep we have another long day ahead."
When I woke up the next morning, Luke had apparently already been up for a little while as he already took a shower and was putting his stuff together. "Morning." he greeted.
"Morning." I groggily replied as I climbed out of bed.
Jenna woke up at that moment and let out a "Huh?", having apparently managed to get her shirt back on during the night.
"Nothing, hun. Luke's about to leave."
"Aww. Will we see you around later?" Jenna asked.
"Maybe. I'll be in line for that panel for a while. Then I think they wanted to stay for the other panels that happen after that one in the same hall." he seemed like he was thinking of blowing it all off.
"That's too bad! Maybe we'll see you afterwards." Jenna smiled.
"Maybe. We do have that suite tonight. We'll see what happens."
"Yeah! Hopefully see you around!" I added.
"See ya. And thanks again!" He said.
"Our pleasure!" I responded with a grin as he left with a wave.
"I'm gonna go take a shower, ok?"
"Ok." She added as she stretched out on the now much roomier bed.
A while later I came out of the bathroom having taken my shower and Jenna was stretched out on the bed on her back, pussy on display, hand rubbing her clit. "You haven't seen my panties around, have you?"
"Uh..." I glanced around.
"Nevermind that for now. I'm still horny!"
I dropped my towel, having no need to cover up anymore, and moved over to the bed. I positioned my face down between her legs and got a good close look at her glistening lips. As I leaned in and licked at her moisture I could taste her deliciousness. Running my tongue over her clit, then down between her folds, lapping at her entrance, I could taste the cum mixed with her flavor. "Still leaking some. I can taste it."
"Well..." She trailed off. "After you were done, when I kissed you. That moan... That was him sliding into me again."
"You sly devil, you!"
"I wasn't expecting it, but I wasn't going to complain. I guess we got him worked up again with our show, plus I was stroking him the entire time you were fucking me. He slowly slid in and out of me for what felt like another hour before he came. I was so tired that I kept falling asleep with him still going at it. I woke up twice to orgasms. It was nice! He may have even fucked me again after that, but that might have just been a dream."
"Well, that explains why I can still taste so much."
"Actually... As soon as you turned the shower on he came back into the room. He apparently forgot to give us back the room key. I was lying on my back on the bed, like you found me, with my legs spread, on full display... As soon as I saw him my hand was on my pussy I started rubbing myself. Poor guy didn't stand a chance. One glance at the bathroom and he was on top of me in a second. He was inside me probably before you were in the shower itself."
"Really?"
"Oh yeah! He was happy to be able to fuck me without having to be too quiet about it. Lie down." She said, and I did. She leaned over me, sucking me into her mouth as she positioned her pussy right over my head and lowered it to my mouth. As I lapped away at her, she played with her clit. "Most of his cum is still inside me." She said and that was obvious as more leaked out of her. "Oh, I love it when you're eating cum out of me!" An orgasm swept over her and the contractions pushed even more cum out into my mouth. She spun around and gave me a messy kiss as she slid me into her. I wrapped my arms around her so that I could turn her over onto her back, and proceeded to fuck her to a much more vocal orgasm before releasing into her once more. She giggled. "You should have seen him sneaking out of the room after the shower went off. So cute. There was probably no more than thirty seconds between him pulling out and you licking me!" Looking at my face with cum smeared over it, and my cock glistening in the sun. "I think you're gonna need another shower!" She joked. "Here, let me help you!" and she pushed me onto my back and proceeded to lick me clean.
"I still have no idea where my panties are. I think Luke took them!" Jenna admitted.
"Can't say I blame him!" I joked.
"There's only one problem." She said.
"What's that?"
"My costume today is Sailor Jupiter. You know, from Sailor Moon. The skirt is really short, and the only panties I had were the ones he took, and the ones I threw away."
"Oh... well... what do you want to do about that?"
"Well, I fully expect to get groped a few times, and then there will be the upskirt shots, no doubt, and without panties that might get ... dangerous."
"I'm sure we can find somewhere around here to buy some new panties for you."
"Oh, no. I'm looking forward to it, but be ready to bail me out if things go too far, ok?"
"Define: 'Too far.'"
"Oh, Shut up!" She hit my arm. "I'm gonna get ready." And she headed off to the shower.