The first time I met Shelley, I saw a sad blonde girl in a state park sitting on a bench alone, far from everybody else. My first instinct was to continue walking and not bother her. However, the gloomy face haunted me, and after 100 yards, I returned to the place she sat.
I stood 10 feet away, not wanting to scare her, and said, "Lady, my name is Art. We do not know each other. I felt sorry seeing you depressed, and I had to stop. I promise I am not a criminal or a stalker. I just wanted to tell you I usually stroll around this hour on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. If you wish to have somebody's ear, I'll be happy to listen, and perhaps I can help." She stared at me and remained silent.
Two days later, She was standing near the same bench. When she saw me, she smiled. I wasn't sure if this was a sign of recognition or invitation, so I smiled back, nodded my head, and walked slowly. She didn't talk or try to stop me, so I continued my stroll.
Friday afternoon, I was again in the park, but at that time, my mind was busy thinking about a complicated situation in our main office. Suddenly, I heard a soft voice, "Art, is your initial offer still on the table?"
I looked back and saw the blonde girl. She tried to smile, but it looked fake. I asked if I could sit by her. She moved slightly and pointed to the area near her.
I sat and gazed at her eyes. Up close, her face appeared cute, though unhappy. Her short hair was dirty-blonde, and her eyes blueish. She wore a dress with a large coat on top, preventing me from getting an impression of her figure.
She glanced at me and didn't talk. I tried to encourage her, "As I said last time, my name is Art. I live nearby and like to walk in the park late afternoons 3 times a week. The stroll helps me think and calms me after a stressful day at work. Can you tell me a little about yourself?"
She hesitated, "My name is Shelley. I live 2 blocks away. I am a 3rd year student in college."
"And what do you want to do when you finish?"
"If my scores are high, I'll try to become a veterinarian and work in a zoo."
"Somebody told me it's more difficult to get accepted to a veterinary program than to medicine. Is it true?"
"I heard the same thing, but I'll try my best."
The park began to darken, and I asked, "I'd love to talk to you some more, but I am not sure how safe it is here after dark. We can go to one of the coffee places or continue talking next time."
She stared into my eyes, "I need to go home. I haven't had dinner yet."
"Do you live with your parents?"
She smiled, "I am originally from Iowa. I got accepted to UCLA, and I live in an apartment with 2 other students I hardly know. Why do you ask?"
"Because I guess you plan to eat alone. How about we go to the Italian restaurant down the street and grab something together?"
"Look, sir... Art, I do not want to take too much of your time. I can see you here again on Monday."
I chuckled, "Shelley, are you just shy or you don't like me? In case you wonder, the dinner is on me; I just got a bonus at work, and I have no one else to share the good news with."
"You have no family?"
"It's a long story. I grew up in Boston. I ended up in LA because my best friend's father is on the board of the firm I work for. And in case you are curious, I live alone in a small house and have no mate..." She blushed and looked embarrassed.
"Shelley, will you come with me to the Italian restaurant, or do you prefer I accompany you to your apartment?"
"Are you certain you wish me to join you for dinner?"
I raised my hand, "Cross my heart and hope to die."
She grinned, "OK. It will be nice to eat Italian for a change."
...
I could not recall what I ate when we sat at the restaurant. Shelley ordered cheese ravioli. I remember that because much of the time, I ogled her. The more I looked at her, the prettier she appeared. Was it because she was less suspicious and felt more comfortable relaxing her facial muscles? Did I turn more biased, falling for her?
Our talk was simple, just 2 people learning about each other. Again, many details escaped me, except once I asked her why she was having the blues. By then, Shelley felt better and answered, "The first time you met me was an hour after I terminated my relationship with my boyfriend of more than a year. He was handsome, a real gentleman, and smart. In the first 3 months, we were doing great, and I fell in love with him. However, with time, I realized that I was his second, much-less-important love. His true love was his electron microscope. He was impressed by Dr. Fauci and studied to become a virologist. Unfortunately, even during his free time, rather than being with me, he spent in the lab doing research on viruses. I saw there was no future together and said goodbye. I knew my decision was good for the long run, but I was still upset and feeling sorry for myself. You showed up right on time to offer help. I wasn't ready yet, but I thought about you overnight and realized you weren't pushy but genuinely trying to offer your support. The second time I saw you in the park, you smiled and looked like a nice man. Again, you kept your distance and didn't bother me. So the third time, I knew if I cared to talk to you, I'd have to initiate it..."
I grinned, "I think you did the right thing. I may not be able to relieve some of your issues, but if I had personal problems, I would have liked to be able to talk to somebody about them. Here in town, you have nobody else so that I may be the one."
She stared at my face for a moment, "For some reason, I believe and trust you. You haven't tried anything alarming, and you have good eyes. I may not be a good judge of character, but so far, I like what I have seen and heard.
...
In the days that followed, we met several times. Twice it was in the same park and then to see a movie together. In the movie, I asked if I could date her. She smiled and said yes. I hugged and kissed her softly. We were happy.
Our first sexual encounter occurred a week later in my house. We both knew it would happen that evening but hesitated. We needed 2 glasses of wine each before I dared fondle her body. Interestingly, until then, I knew little about her figure: Shelley always arrived in loose, baggy clothes. I wasn't sure what was the reason, but I was reluctant to ask, thinking she was ashamed of some part of her body. When she was in her underwear, I was surprised to notice her body was amazing. She was short, about 5'2", 110 pounds, with breasts that looked C-cup, flat tummy, and shapely hips. I was taken by her figure and couldn't resist asking her why she never wore body-hugging clothes. She smiled shyly and said, "Being short, I was intimidated by the model-type girls in my class and preferred to hide behind these clothes. My microscope-loving boyfriend couldn't care less about what I had on, and sex with him was vanilla, so I didn't bother..."
"Shelley, now that I see what was hidden all these years, I think it's time to change you."
The same evening, our sex was very satisfying. Shelley confided to me the following day that her expectation was simple: She wanted me to think about her, ensure she was horny enough, and eventually orgasm. She didn't care about the atmosphere, the position, or anything else, as long as I wasn't selfish to cum and neglect her needs. After setting such a low bar, I passed with flying colors.
It became clear Shelley had low self esteem. Was it related to her former boyfriend's attitude? Did it start earlier because of her short stature? I didn't care and was determined to change it. After all, her figure was terrific and, in my mind - As sexy as any woman I've dated before.
Her 23rd birthday was approaching. I bought her an off-white short dress and made her try it in front of a mirror in my house. Boy, she looked good! She tried to sound critical, claiming it was too short and made her chest look too big, but her face revealed she liked it. I took my camera and shot 3 pictures of her from different angles.
Shelley saw the pictures and was impressed, "I faced the mirror, so I know how I look in that dress, but your pictures made me look much better. You are a good photographer."
"When I was younger, I took 2 courses in photography and later became an amateur photographer. I used my skills on travels and occasionally shooting at parties. However, in your case, it was easy; You are pretty, have a fantastic figure, and more importantly, you are very photogenic."
After that, a couple of times we went shopping together, and bought more suitable clothes for her. They were more colorful and hugged her body. Suddenly, she noticed she really was beautiful.
At the time, our relationship deepened, and we found both of us liked our chemistry during sex. I was more dominant, and she was more submissive. We both liked to experiment, and within 2 months, the usual missionary position was an old memory. Our first 'other position' was oral. Shelley mumbled she owed me and wanted to show her gratitude with her mouth. Of course, I was happy to oblige. She wasn't an expert but was anxious to learn. Initially, she almost choked and was humiliated. I tried to cheer her up, and 15 minutes later, I performed cunnilingus on her, bringing her to a good climax. She thanked me with tears in her eyes, "You were so good to me, and I failed miserably to blow you."
I kissed her forehead, "Honey, we have time to learn. My 7.5 incher is not easy to handle. I suggested she watch the instructional video from Heather Brooke on how to fellate a man with a decent size organ. A week later, Shelley insisted she wanted to try again. It happened when we both were under the influence. Her second try was much better: 6 inches of my pecker disappeared into her mouth, and she bobbed me until I ejaculated. By no means was it a perfect BJ: More than an inch of my cock remained uncovered, and much of my spunk leaked on the bedsheet, but it was way better than before!
Exactly 5 days after that evening, Shelley pushed me onto the couch, knelt between my thighs, and performed a world-class blowjob: My cock was all the way in her oral cavity with her lips kissing the top of my sack. The in and out bobbing was done uninterruptedly and gradually increased, forcing me to cum much earlier than I anticipated. Not even a single drop messed up the sheets, and she swallowed everything with a big smile.
I looked at her quizzingly, with my astonishment written all over my face.
She giggled, pulled a 10" black dildo from her drawer and said, "I listened to Heather Brooke, and after the second attempt, I knew I had to train using a bigger device. I think I overdid it, but it worked... By the way, your oyster-taste juices were not bad, which reminds me - Can we eat at a seafood restaurant next time? I'd like to order raw oysters..."
"We'll go to a seafood place if next time you let me take pictures of you sucking me. I still don't believe you did it."
Shelley grinned, "Do it, but keep the pictures in a safe place."
...
Not long after, we had our first 69. Cowgirl and titfucking were next. In both cases, drinking alcohol beforehand helped. For my birthday, she smiled and said, "Art darling, it's the first time we'll celebrate your birthday together. I do not know what present you like. I can buy you something at Target, like a tie or boxers. However, I thought you might be interested in exploring my backside..."
"Lady, buy me a tie when I turn 80. I ogled your puckered hole a couple of times during sex. I'll be very interested in finding out how tight it will be around my dick."
"Honey, remember this orifice is virgin. If you take it easy and ensure enough lubrication, I'll be up to it. After you directed my attention to Pornhub, I found out some women get aroused through their butthole. I tried to insert my finger there a couple of times and got excited, so if you feel the same, let's try it."
I was as cautious and gentle as possible. We knew the first time would be somewhat painful, but we hoped this part would be short lived since Shelley had prepared her anus with fingers and an anal dildo earlier. I penetrated gingerly, and the sphincter felt like a noose knot around it. I waited patiently for her opening to dilate, and eventually, it did. When my expanded rod was allowed to advance, it was the best sex ever. The tight anus squeezed my stiff cock like nothing else. Shelley must have felt the same because once I began increasing my strokes, she started shaking wildly and crying nonstop. Her orgasm occurred before I even touched her clitty yet...
...
Shelley moved to my house a month later. Our sex life improved, and we began entertaining ourselves by exploring new ideas. One day, Shelley asked if I really thought her body was flawless. I said, "Of course."
"So, as a photographer, how come you never offered to take my photos in lingerie or even more risque pictures?"
"Honey, I'd love to do it. I still remember how insecure you were with your body, and I thought you wouldn't agree in a million years..."
She grinned, "But you, shameless, testosterone-filled, sexy hunk, spoiled me. And now I am curious to see what you can come up with aiming your camera at my scantily covered body."
"I'll do it, but by law, I am not allowed to do it for free."
"What are you saying?"
"I know you are not a Rockefeller, but for each set of 5 pictures, you'll have to pay with your body."
"Look, mister, it won't be easy to blackmail me. Let's negotiate. My price: I'll pay with my body after 3 pictures."
I sighed, "You are too tough for me. I give up. Three it is."
"Arti, if I were you, I wouldn't trust a woman to pay her debt on time. I would ask for an advance payment, you know, just to be sure..."
I giggled, "The idea of taking your photos in compromising positions is so exciting? I bet you are already wet down there."
She whispered, "Big Daddy, I hate to admit it, but you are right. Would you, please, ravage my cunt the way only you know how?..."
That time, I drilled her pussy doggy style while whispering to her ear what poses I'd shoot the photos, and then telling her I'd hang these pictures in my work office. Shelley orgasmed so powerfully that I was afraid she'd suffer a heart attack. The idea that a stranger would see her quasi-naked pictures, and subsequently masturbate thinking about her, aroused her tremendously.
...
The following weekend, I prepared my DSLR with the appropriate background and lighting in our bedroom. My intention was to start with soft, erotic photos, showing her posing in sheer lingerie, with the occasional appearance of her gorgeous tit in the picture. I shot 6 photos and then checked the results. I was impressed they were not bad for a start. Shelley was thrilled, "In your pictures, I look like a vamp! Like a seductress!"
I smiled, "Aren't you?"
"You did a wonderful job, so a bonus is in order. Sir, put on my account 2 fucks for the photos plus another one for extra excellence."
"Honey, I am no longer 18. Next month I'll be 30. If we continue having sex at this pace, I won't survive to see my 40th birthday..."
"If you are nice to me, I will consider giving you a break now and then."
"Thanks, god."
Next, I photographed her in the nude doing house chores: cooking, using a broom, and laundry. She got the hang of it fast and acted naturally in front of the camera, assuming one ignored the intentional frequent seductive looks.
Shelley was elated with the results, "Honey, from now on, I owe you so many fun times that my body is yours whenever you feel like it. What else do you want?"
I smirked, "I want you on your back with your legs on my shoulders, and my cock shoved deep in your pussy, but if you meant about the next set of pictures, I think it would be nice to photograph you sans-clothes outdoors. Doing it at a good location, with the right background and lighting, will be much better."
"Arti, I've never been naked in public before. Do you think it's safe?"
"Certainly. I will choose the places to do it and ensure nobody else is around to interfere."
The first location I selected was a small hill outside town. I wanted to do it at sunset, so I could capture the fading light and Shelley's body posing in a way that showed only certain parts of her. I wished these photos to be erotic but more artistic than pornographic.
One evening, when the temperature was right, we climbed the hill just before sunset. Nobody else was around. Shelley undressed completely, and I began shooting. In the next 20 minutes, I took about 15 different pictures. When I was done, she wanted to see the pictures. I smiled, "My dear, forget about it. You get to see nothing until I get my payment."
She laughed, "Blackmailing an innocent young girl is a crime in our country. I'll let you fuck me this time, but you better be nicer next time."
"We'll see about it when time comes."
Later at home, when Shelley checked the pictures, her face brightened, "Honey, how can you make me look so beautiful and sexy? If you told me I would look like that in pictures, I would have not believed you. Are we biased, and only you and I feel this way about me?"
"Shelley, if you are interested, I can easily find out the answer. There is a new rep who tried to convince us to use the new software his company made. He is actually a nice guy. The other day, he spent 2 hours with me. I asked him if he had a life besides being a salesman. He showed me a picture of his girlfriend and said she hoped he'd marry her, but he wasn't sure yet. Then he asked me about my relationships. I pulled 2 pictures. One of your face and the other one of you posing sexily in full clothes. He whistled appreciatively, and commented he could imagine your body under the multiple layers. I just smiled. He blurted, "Art, confidentially speaking, if you show me racy pictures of your lady, I'll show you my girl's. I refused, thinking you wouldn't agree to it. Shelley, if you want an objective opinion, tell me. I'll show him a few of your photos and tell you what he said."
She hesitated, and I could read the conflict in her eyes, 'I'd love to see what this stranger thinks about me. But is it safe? What if he copied the photos and put them online?'
I played it nonchalantly and left her there, pretending to drink water and go peeing. When I returned, she mumbled, "You can show him my pictures but do not tell him my name or give him the photos. After he saw them, bring them back home."
"Darling, I wouldn't dream of giving him the photos. I'll bring them on a flash drive, be present when he looks at them, and then remove the drive and take it home with me."
She was thrilled, "I hope he'll like them."
I chuckled, "I doubt he'll like them. I suspect that on a scale of 1 means a repulsive creature, and 10 means an angel, your score will be 10. My only doubt - He may choose to score you at 11..."
"Honey, don't exaggerate..."
I just smiled and texted Jesse to bring under-dressed and nude photos of his girl the next day."
...
The next morning, I was at work at 8:30 am. Jesse was already there. I asked to see his lady first. She was a tall girl, around 5'8", 140 pounds with black hair, nice face, lean with B-cup breasts, and narrow hips. The lady was quite attractive but any comparison to Shelley would be considered a crime.
I connected the hard drive to the computer and browsed the pages one after the other, starting with a sheer negligee and ending with 2 naked photos. In the first nude one, she stood before me with her hands above her head. Her seductive smile and proudly protruding tits were awesome. In the second picture, Shelley was lying in bed on her tummy, leaning on her elbows and facing me. I took the picture from a high angle, showing her great tits, as well as her round ass and nice legs.
The guy just stood there. He was speechless for a moment before blurting, "If I had this lady, I would have never shown up to work. We'd be staying in bed 24/7..."
Since I told Shelley I'd come back with a score, I asked about his overall assessment score. He looked at me strangely and said, "If the maximum allowable was 10, I'd be ready to give 1000 and go to jail for breaking the rules." We both had a good laugh, but I could see in his eyes he was very jealous.
When I returned home, Shelley jumped on me, "What did he say?"
I lowered my eyes and mumbled, "I explained to him our scoring system and saw him struggling."
Shelley cut me off, her disappointment clearly visible, "I told you we were biased. I think he was scared to score too low because you guys won't buy his product, but at least we are facing a reality check."
I giggled, "Darling, you got it all wrong. With a maximal score of 10 he scored you 1000!..."
"Are you kidding or trying to console me?"
"Do you want me to call him, ask what he thought about your pictures, and put the phone to your ear for the answer?"
"I just don't believe what you said."
I dialed his number, "Jesse, I hate to bother you at home, but my dementia is killing me. Can you repeat how you scored my girlfriend?" Not waiting for the answer, I put the phone to Shelley's ear. She listened for 30 seconds, smiled broadly, and signaled for me to turn off the phone.
I stared at her, "What did he say?"
"His girlfriend was coming from the bathroom any minute, so he said, 'Your breathtaking lady is 1000. Old man, if you don't remember the number, you don't deserve her. I have to go. Talk to you tomorrow."
I watched her glowing face and blurted, "I think he exaggerates. I'd give you... perhaps 7, but definitely a number higher than 6."
She laughed, "Such a jerk! And I thought you liked my body..."
"I never said it's the worst I've seen. I recall one time I watched a program about women in Biafra. I am sure at least one of the ladies was uglier than you..."
"Oh, god! What am I doing here with you? No more sex for you for at least a week."
"OK, honey. I shower and go to sleep. Please wake me up tomorrow at quarter to 8."
"No way, honcho. You fuck me first."
"Shelley, I love you and agree that I misbehaved and deserve my punishment. I'll respect your wish and abstain for a week."
"Art honey, stop that. You know I was joking. Please, I want your giant organ pounding my pussy."
"Shelley, if you feel sorry for me, that's OK. It will be tough, but I'll survive..."
She screamed, "I don't care about your sorry ass. I want you to fuck me hard, or I won't let you sleep tonight!"
I grinned, "I'd love to ravage your heavenly body. I just wanted to hear you begging for it."
She sighed, "As I said; My lover is a creep. What am I doing with you?!..."
"You may hate my brain, but you are addicted to my cock."
"Honey, you are so right..."
...
"Arti, I had some time today and I looked again at my beautiful pictures you took. I wonder, are you interested taking more photos of me?"
"Shelley, we have known each other for a long time now. Why don't you say what you really mean: Arti, will you please take more intimate pictures of me?"
She smiled, "I hate you. You know me too well. But as usual, you are right. The fantastic pictures excite me more than I was willing to admit. And to know my pictures make strangers go gaga over them is a huge boost to my ego."
"Tell me the truth: Are you interested in me taking the pictures for US, or the idea behind it is for me to proudly show them to Jesse?"
"...Both..."
"If I translate what you are trying to say, you wish me to show additional pictures to Jesse. Right?"
"Yesss..."
"Two facts I didn't tell you about him before. 1. When I showed him your photos, he sported an erection. His frontal bulge was quite impressive. 2. He is an amateur photographer like me, and shot himself the pictures of his girl. So, knowing those 2 facts and your wish for him to see additional pictures of your body, it crossed my mind that we could go further. He can be the photographer next time..."
"...Is it safe?"
"I know the guy, and he seems as dangerous as a rabbit. He will take the photos with MY camera, so at no time will he have the pictures except here."
"Do you want him to be present and see your girl being ogled by him, especially knowing he got aroused by them?"
"Honey, it's up to you. I think most men find the idea that other men are jealous of their girl very exciting. I can imagine his eyes widening watching your voluptuous body, and we'll see a tent appearing in front."
"I don't know..."
"That's fair. I'll photograph you once more and then show them to him. If you change your mind about him taking a shot at you, let me know."
The same evening, I took more photos. She knew I'd show them to Jesse and was determined to impress (or shall I say tempt?) him, and the poses were more provocative. For example, As I was preparing to shoot her topless, standing up with a mysterious smile decorating her pretty face, she bent slightly with her arms pushing her tits together, making them look even more attractive. Another example: I planned to shoot her lying in bed with one knee slightly bent from the side. As I was about to take the photo, she spread her legs, exposing her cute little pussy.
I had no problem with her games: If she liked to play with him, why not?
As expected, the following day, his caged stiffy was suffering. Jesse's compliments about her assets piled up continuously. It was apparent that if he got to take her pictures himself, at least the first ones would be out of focus. How could they be focused if HIS focus had nothing to do with taking pictures?...
That evening, when we were together in bed, I told her all the impressive sentences I heard from Jesse. She glanced at me with hungry eyes and said, "Hearing everything he said made me horny as hell. Please fuck my cunt. Now!"
"I'd love to penetrate you."
As I was ramming my prick savagely inside her tight pussy, I whispered, "Just imagine how aroused and happy you'll make him If you agreed to let HIM take the photos..."
She climaxed seconds later while blurting, "OK... Teell him heee can taake my pictuures next tiiime."
I plowed her body mercilessly, ogling her alluring tits jiggle aimlessly before my eyes. After 20 minutes of pumping in and out of her, I orgasmed deep in her womb.
It took her a longer time to recover, but when she did, her first sentence was, "I was very aroused when your cock invaded my body. Hearing you mention again Jesse's wish to explore my body was the last straw. I exploded and remember very little of what happened..."
"I believe you were very horny. It was the first time you squirted..."