Down, scrunching forward, arms crossing against breasts, low moan..... Up! Shoulders back. Dancing boobs. Knees apart, pelvis engaged. Fuck, fuck fuck me! What a dirty mouth for such a quiet woman. They were screwing on the daybed in the guest room when Doris paused in the middle of her pole dance to look out the window.
"There he is and he's so cute!"
"What's your boyfriend wearing today?" I was referring to Jason, our 18-year old neighbor. It didn't bother me that she called him her boyfriend-- we both knew very well that Jason already had a boyfriend.
"The coolest little bikini, one of those made specially to show off a guy's cock! It's all stretchy and spandex. I can see the orb of each of this balls, his shaft, and cock-head. It looks so yummy!" She gasped as she sank down again, then with a little wriggle and a shake of her head, she ascended again, disengaging herself from her lover's throbbing prick. Dave tried to sit up to get a look at Jason, but Doris would have none of that as dove down on him and began to suck him off-- passionately, but hurriedly-- as though she had someplace she had to go. Then her husband remembered Monday-- the day his wife went to the beach with her boyfriend.
"I never thought of Jason as someone who would try to seduce my wife, or even another guy. He's just too quiet," said Dave.
Kellie looked up at him, bit her lip, then cautiously suggested, "Mr. Darling. Maybe he wasn't the seducer. Could it have been Mrs. Darling?" Dave startled the girl when he put his arm around her shoulders and squeezed hard. Kellie remembered what day it was, as if she could forget the big red heart that encircled December 17 on her calendar. Today she turned 18, and they had been waiting for the day for over a year. Why, she would have let Mr. Darling fuck her when she was 16, and she really tried, but the handsome older man next door was more than a little paranoid. Kellie began grinding her large firm tits against Dave's shoulder,
Meanwhile, Dave was thinking about all the "dates" his wife had with the boy next door the previous summer. It was just beginning to sink in: did Doris really cheat on him? While Kellie pulled his thickening cock out of this pants, Dave recalled what happened-- just as Doris had described it the night before--
**********
Her bikini was very sexy, she made sure of that. And so was she, she was absolutely sure. To make sure, Doris spun around, her hand slipping free of Jason's as she looked at the sunbathers they'd just passed. Gawkers. She'd just caught half a dozen of them staring at her curvaceous ass. She was plumper down there than she'd been when she was half her current age of 40. But at twenty she'd been too skinny, so getting older had been flattering to certain parts of her figure. She still had a slender waist which gave her an hourglass figure, in the best sense of the word.
"Wow. When you said this was a nude beach, Mrs. Darling, you really had me going," said Jason. They chose a spot that was secluded, but still within view of the other beach goers, to set up their chairs.
"I can't tell you how much it's meant to me that we've been friends this summer, Mrs. Darling." Jason's gaze fell to her breasts for just a moment. Doris loved it when he sneaked a peak at her sexier parts.
"Friends to the end, Jason." Doris smiled sweetly and squeezed the teen's hand. And today she would test that friendship. She still wasn't sure to make of Jason's reaction when she told him, as they drove off, that she was taking him to the isolated Paradise Beach-- a clothing-optional beach. Jason had blushed and had started to object. Then he was quiet. She stole a glimpse of his minuscule bikini and noted a wet spot spreading over the tip of this dick. It was her turn, she'd decided. Her turn to have some fun.
"There are two types of nude beaches, I've discovered. One kind is for voyeurs, the other is for exhibitionists. There is a loophole in the local ordinances that does make this a nude beach. And nearly everyone who comes here, comes to see the naked girls. No naked girls. They're hiding out, I suppose, elsewhere." Jason had just finished spreading sunscreen over her her back.
"Jason. Pull the string-- the bow."
"What, Mrs. Darling?"
"The bow securing my bra. Pull-- the-- bow!"
Doris turned over after Jason untied her and began to apply the warm oil. She knew he'd had a peek of her fucking in front of the window just that morning, but he'd never really seen a lady smoothing sunscreen over her boobies, or oil her hardening nipples! Then Doris stood up and stripped away her bottoms, exposing her shaven pussy just a few feet away from Jason's gaze.
"Stand up!" Doris ordered. There were sunbathers now up and down the beach from them, starring. Jason obeyed. Doris hooked her thumbs under the narrow waistband of his bikini and pulled them down and Jason's cock sprang free. It was thick and lovely and already throbbing and about to grow hard. Doris stood up and spun Jason around so his admirers could see the blushing boy's delicious tool.
*****
"Maybe she just made it all up," said Kellie. Her hand trembled very slightly as she wrapped her fingers around her lover's thick cock. It was pretty big, and Kellie hoped it tasted good. She began to lick and savor Dave's big cockhead, sucking up his precum. "Maybe she made it up to make you jealous; maybe she knows you were fucking my big sister." She wanted to put his mind at ease so that he'd begin ravishing her. Maybe reminding him of Suzy would make Mr. Darling want her.
Maybe she did make it up, Dave decided, just to get him horny. Maybe she didn't even know about about Suzy. She'd mention Suzy once, that was all. God, he missed the girl ever since she went off to school on the other side of the state He didn't think that Suzy had the brains for college, and it turned out he was right. She'd flunked out, but she never came back to him-- instead she got a waitressing job and acquired quite a taste for young girls. He looked down at Kellie. She had a very talented tongue. His boner stood at attention, shiny with the teenager's spittle. He just couldn't understand why she hadn't undressed for him.
He impatiently pulled her t-shirt over her head until it was tangled around her upraised arms. Then he yanked at her sheer black brassiere and would have ripped it off if she hadn't begged him not to ruin the obscene, too-tight garment. He scowled at her as he freed her young boobs, then fondled and squeezed them roughly.
"Mrs. Darling's aren't as firm and high-set as yours, but she has huge nipples, and my wife's tits are very sensual. I'd say no comparison," Dave remarked rather vaguely, as if Kellie's boobs failed the test.
Kellie couldn't free her arms from her shirt, and suspected Mr. Darling wanted it that way. "I've seen Mrs. Darling in her bikini. I mean I bet her tits are really nice, and I wish she'd go topless so I could see them. But mine get good compliments, too."
"Right. Boys." Dave's tongue teased one nipple while he pinched the other between his thumb and index finger. A small jolt of electricity passed through Kellie's body. She loved having her nipples sucked and pinched. Kellie realized that she was "auditioning." Dave was acting like he wasn't pleased with her, like she was too inexperienced. But Kellie was eager to be properly trained, and she played the submissive perfectly when Dave pushed her onto her back and rolled her short skirt up over her hips. She eagerly raised her hips when he stripped her tiny bikini panties off. And she purred warmly while the older man studied her naked cunt while he primed his big cock. Then he pressed his throbbing fuck muscle against her girl-lips and was pleased when it slid in easily-- oh, Kellie was very tight, but very wet, too. He worked it in slowly, a half inch at a time, while the teen whimpered and whispered. "Ohhh. Mr. Darling, you have such a big dick," and "Mr. Darling, please fuck me good."
"I'll give you a fucking you'll remember, you little bitch!" He was afraid he'd cum too soon to keep that promise, afraid he'd erupt right away into her slippery, clutching hole. He tried to focus on something else for a minute. And that thing was Doris. And here was the part of the last summer's story, that he knew was true. That day when she and Jason had gone to the beach and he had followed to "rescue" her.
*****
Mister-oh-so-shy. That described Jason right after Doris made him go naked. They basked in the sun on their sides, facing each other-- the teenager with his eyes closed, while the older women lay admiring the boy's cock. It was just as well there were few people in their immediate vicinity. Doris preferred having the boy to herself, and besides-- her pussy felt wet enough to begin dripping down her thigh. Then Mister-not-so-shy.
Doris wondered what it would be like to be a slut. She wondered as accepted a kiss from Jason's friend Keith-- who wasn't shy. All three of them stood bare naked on the most crowded part of the beach while Doris listened to strangers whisper the most obscene and degrading comments she ever heard, directed toward her.
"Those boys are going to have fun fucking that nice round ass," someone said. As Jason dragged her toward his friend, she imagined this was the sort talk sluts liked to hear.
"Keith, this is Mrs. Darling, my neighbor."
"If she was my mom, I'd have her down on her knees sucking cock," Doris overheard. And knew the boys heard it, too. Doris couldn't help thinking that these strangers like her body, with was flattering.
"Fucking cow."
"Darling. Isn't she hot? When those kids are done with her, lets hire her for a threesome."
"Why stop there. sweetheart. Let's take her home for the weekend to entertain our guests!"
And Doris so wanted to be a slut. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment, but if she were a slut, she'd be burning with pleasure, she might even turn her head and wink at the couple who wanted her for a plaything. But right now, she was too shy and felt very humiliated. It was at the moment her husband appeared out of nowhere. He nodded at the boys, and hauled her away, back to where her things were, where she'd been sunbathing. She was glad to be rescued. Otherwise, she wasn't sure what she would have done. Dave rescued her from herself.
Her husband was jealous and mad, no doubt. And his swelling dick bounced around in the flimsy shorts he was wearing. Doris knew just how to calm him down-- there was a place behind the trees, and she led him there. Doris knew just what a good wife should do: she assumed the position, pulled down Dave's shorts, and took his throbbing man-meat into her
mouth.
*****
Kellie could actually feel the older man's fuck-rod spasm as he pumped his load into her tender cunt. She had tried to kiss and bite him during their long fuck session, but Dave seemed distracted, almost like he was someplace else. She was rather disappointed. I only he'd taken her on her hands and knees so that she could feel his jism run out of her hole over her horny swollen clit. If he'd only done something to ramp up the action and make her scream! No, she wasn't just disappointed-- she was pissed.
"So. Mrs. Darling is going for a visit. And on her way back, she'll stop and pick up your sister and bring her home for the weekend," Dave told the teen, who was stroking her wet pussy.
"Yeah. I know. I'm going along for the ride." She expected Dave to be disappointed, or to demand one more fuck before she and Doris left on their trip.
"Can't wait to see your sister." See Suzy? He'd do more than that! This was really too much!
"And Jason is coming back, too!" Kellie added "Me and Suzy and my brother and Mrs. Darling. Did she tell you we'll be checking into a motel on the way back?" Mr. Darling looked worried. No, he apparently hadn't known. "Tomorrow night. Maybe you could meet us there," Kellie said slowly. "I'm sure Doris won't mind."
As if he had a sudden revelation, he announced to Kellie "You know she was kidding me last summer, trying to make me jealous of your brother. And I'm sure she doesn't suspect..."
"And did you know she went to the beach with Jason four more times after that day when you followed her there?"
"Yeah, I think Doris mentioned it..."
"And she took him into the bushes four times and cocksucked him dry," Kellie said softly. "He told Suzy and me that Mrs. Darling swallows. Except the time he grabbed her by the ears and she jerked his cock off all over her face!"
Dave fell over on his back and looked at the ceiling, stared in disbelief. Now Kellie sat up and looked down at him. "Don't take it took hard. She never let him fuck her. Never let him even touch her pussy. He did lick and suck her titties, though. I hear that her boobies are as nice as you say."
Kellie got up and started to dress. "Oh, and she knows that you and my sister were fuck buddies for over a year."
"You're getting more than one room at this motel you're staying at?" Dave asked, hopefully
"No. Because Jason is going to fuck Mrs. Darling for the very first time. Suzy and I want to be there." Dave looked at her in disbelief. "Oh, that. Suzy and I have a brother who doesn't mind showing his sisters his big cock. So it seems natural we'd want to watch while it gets all stiff and hard and Jason mounts your wife and pushes it into her fuck hole, just like you put your cock into my pussy and fucked me today. Also, I told Mrs. Darling-- just so she wouldn't change her mind about fucking Jason-- I told her about how I was going to get a nice birthday fuck from Mr. Darling, just like Suzy did!"
Dave dressed and watched sadly as Kellie walked to the door.
"I'm serious. I'll e-mail you the address. Meet us there tomorrow. It was Mrs. Darling herself who said I could ask."
"You want me to watch my wife get used by a boy?"
"You can watch with Suzy and me. We'll sit on the other bed and play together while Jsaon's enjoying your wife." The girl didn't mince her words or descriptions. "And then you and Jason can watch. You know Suzy started fucking girls this year. Your wife will really be surprised when my sister buries her face in her cum-filled cunt! And I'll join them too-- even if it's only to hold Mrs. Darling down, just in case she objects to Suzy raping her! And then we want Jason to jump in..."
"Into bed with you...?"
"And Suzy and Mrs. Darling! We've both seen his cock, and even though he's our brother-- you can't blame us with wanting to play with it!"
She looked at him sadly for a moment-- because she was sorry-- not for what they were going to do to Mrs. Darling, or what she was doing to him-- sorry because she didn't think she really wanted an older man for a lover. "So, 'bye. See you!"
Dave finished dressing in a hurry. He knew that Doris would be home soon to pack. He didn't want to see her. There was a tavern nearby, and he was in a hurry to drown his sorrows. Before he walked out the door, he reached inside his jeans to adjust his stiffening muscle. He was still so horny. He'd get drunk, wake up in the morning, become very jealous-- and pack. He had a feeling that in just 24 hours he'd be watching a sex show-- starring his own dear wife.