Knock, knock, knock.
"Room Service!" I called out, returning with our late lunch.
Over the music I heard Claire call out "Come in!"
I opened the door. I saw the couch, but she wasn't there. As I turned the corner, I finally saw her. My mouth dropped. She had changed outfits and was swaying gently to the music. Standing in front of the mirror I could see her watching herself. She had slipped into a short striped dress that clung to every curve. Turning around her smile captivated my attention. I let my eyes gaze over the rest of her body and that's when I saw her nipples. They were barely visible through the thin fabric. My cock twitched at the sight of her. I knew she was ready to play.
"Come dance with me, Martin" she called out.
"I want to, I really do. But we also really need to eat something first" I said.
It took all my willpower not to walk over, pull her close and squeeze her tight ass. Unfortunately we hadn't eaten in hours after taking the first edible that morning. The weed was distorting our sense of time and I wanted to make sure we had a fun trip and didn't crash too early.
"Ok fine," she pouted. "Are you sure you don't want to dance for a minute?" Looking at me with those sweet eyes of hers.
"I have plans for us after lunch. I promise it will be worth the wait" I responded, giddy with anticipation.
She made her way to the bed while I laid out the food. I watched as the soft fabric gently swayed with her every motion. I tried to see if she was wearing any underwear, but couldn't tell as she hopped onto the bed.
"What did you get for us? Is smells great!" She asked.
"The hostess told me her favorite is the crispy chicken sandwich, so that's what I got" I said, splitting it in half.
We devoured the food like we hadn't eaten in days. I don't know if it was just the weed or if the hotel food was really that good!
"Martin, I don't know what I would do without you" Claire said relaxing after the meal. "You always look out for me, even when I just want to get in your pants."
"I think it's normally the other way around!" I joked.
"True" she conceded. "what are we going to do next today? I see quite a few people on the beach..."
I could tell that she had something in mind. I had a sneaking suspicion she didn't want to go to the beach, not just yet.
"Hmm, that sounds tempting," I replied, looking out the glass doors onto the sunny beach. "Maybe we can chill on our balcony for a bit?"
She didn't need to respond as she slowly lifted herself from the bed walking towards the balcony. I caught up to her and reached my arms around her. I gave her a gentle hug. The embrace stopped her as she started swaying to the music. My fingers ran up and down her dress, feeling the curves of her body, tugging at the soft fabric. We let ourselves get lost in the music, our bodies pressed against each other. Pulling her closer I felt her breath start to deepen.
Knowing we were not going to make it to the balcony any time soon, I directed her to the full length mirror. I wanted to watch her dance. I wanted to see her nipples through the fabric. I wanted to see her breasts in my hands.
"Do you like what you see?" She whispered in my ear.
My eyes gazed over her lithe body. I saw her toned thighs. My eyes followed her dress up past the curve of her waist to her chest. She wasn't wearing a bra, her nipples protruding through the thin fabric. I inched my hands higher matching my gaze.
I wanted to tease her. I wanted to drive her wild. Gently I lowered my hands to the tops of her thighs. Grabbing her thoughts, I pulled her into me. Her ass ground into my hardening cock.
"Are you being a naughty girl, Claire?" I whispered in her ear.
"Do you like when I'm naughty?" Her voice barely over a whisper.
"Yes." was all I could manage to get out as my mind raced with possibilities.
I saw her head turn towards the balcony. She paused for a moment. Previously we teased each other about showing off during foreplay before. I wondered if she was actually going to suggest it for real this time.
"Do you think anyone down there can see us right now?" She asked.
I looked out the glass doors of our second floor balcony. Down on the beach I was surprised to see quite a few people walking and sunbathing on the beach. It was a late spring day. Even though the sun was shining it was still a cool in the shade.
Playing along with her teasing, my hands pulled her in tighter, "I bet they could see us if we were near the door."
Hesitantly she took the first step towards the door. Taking a quick breath, I followed right behind her. I couldn't believe she was actually thinking of showing off to anybody that might be on the beach.
Down on the beach we could see a group of friends sunbathing. They were quite close to us, but seemed to be focused on themselves. My cock was already starting to get hard from the dancing and now the thought of Claire showing off to the strangers caused it to harden more. She must have felt it too because she started grinding her ass harder into my crotch.
"Martin," she whispered, "do you think they can see how sheer my dress is?"
"Should we take a walk on the beach and find out?" I teased.
"That would be so naughty, I can't walk around that exposed!" She said. Pausing for a moment with an intrigued look on her face, "do you think they would get turned on?"
"I think they would get very turned on" I said as I turned her around to face me. "I think they may even get as turned on as I am right now."
"Am I turning you on?" She asked innocently.
I didn't reply as I brought my lips to hers. I could tell she was as turned on as I was. Her tongue darted in my mouth. As we kissed I slipped my hand down over her pert ass and squeezed. She definitely wasn't wearing anything underneath. My cock throbbed.
With how turned on we both were, I knew this was our chance to really test each other. I wanted to see just how much she, and I, liked showing off.
With our tongues entwined I pushed Claire against the clear glass door. Her ass pressed into the glass. She let out a small moan. Between my tongue in her mouth and my cock pressed against her pussy I had her lovingly pinned to the door.
I grabbed her thighs. Excruciating slowly, I ran my fingers up her legs catching the bottom of her dress. Letting the dress fall back into place I continued to explore her body. My fingers ran up her stomach then finally reached the bottom of her breasts. I wanted to touch her nipples so bad. She must have wanted it too, letting out a sigh as my hands moved lower. I repeated my explorations bringing her dress just a litter higher this time, feeling her soft skin on my hands and I kept her pressed against the glass door.
She was breathing harder now. I could feel my heart in my chest. I wondered to myself if I was really going to do this. Was I really going to expose her to anybody that happened to look up?
My hands felt for the top of her thighs. Pressing harder into her legs my fingers slid upwards. The dress caught on my fingers. I pulled the dress slightly higher. I felt the bottom of her bare ass. I knew she was on display for real this time.
She broke the kiss looking behind her. "Martin... my butt... What if... somebody..." she didn't finish her thought before kissing me again.
"Do you think they are getting turned on?" I responded after the brief kiss.
"Me, turn them on?" She asked coyly, "That would be so naughty"
She wanted out game to continue, I was sure.
Pressing her harder into the clear door I nudged her mouth open with my tongue. My fingers went back to exploring her skin. I grabbed her ass. I squeezed. She let out a little moan.
I squeezed again, pulling the delicate fabric fully above her ass. Now her butt was fully exposed. I kept massaging and playing with her ass knowing anyone might be watching.
I glanced out the door and saw a man from the group looking our direction. I continued my ministrations with her exposed ass. Looking back out a moment later I saw him still watching. He must be watching us I thought, and decided to turn up the show.
Stepping back, I grabbed Claire by the waist. She looked at me with desire. I saw her hard nipples poking out. I turned her around to face the door. Her dress fell back into place as we turned.
"I think somebody is watching us" I whispered in her ear.
"Did they see you grabbing my butt?"
"I think so."
"I can't believe we are being so naughty"
"I bet they can see your hard nipples now"
"Mmm" was all she could get out.
"I bet they are getting turned on watching you".
"Really?" She mumbled, "that's hot."
"Should we continue the show."
"Mhmm" she coo'd pressing back into me.
That was the consent I needed to hear. My hands dropped to her waist. I felt the soft fabric of her dress as I slowly slid my hands across her stomach. I finally reached her breasts. She let out a moan as I cupped her breasts. As I squeezed she wriggled her ass into my crotch. I gently pinched a nipple, feeling it harden even more. My other hand grabbed her cheek, pulling her in for a kiss.
Our tongues danced. My fingers teased her nipple while my other hand slipped lower. I reached the top of her crotch. Over the soft fabric I slid my hand across her pussy.
"Mmhmm, Martin, you are being a naughty boy." She teased, pressing into my crotch.
Looking out I saw the man intently watching me grope Claire. I knew he could see her nakedness under the dress as easily as I could.
"Should we continue this on the balcony" I suggested.
"Oh really?" Claire asked shyly.
"Yes." I responded, skidding open the glass door.
We were met with a blast of surprisingly cold air. With a little shiver I knew it wasn't meant to be. I started to close to door. Claire put her hand on mine, stopping me.
"Leave it open." She said, "I like hearing the waves."
I eagerly complied. Being in the room felt safe, but the open door added a sense of performance. With the door open there was now an unobstructed view into our room. Our lips met again.
Claire sucked my tongue deep into her mouth as I squeezed her ass in front of the open door. As we kissed her hands snuck into my shorts. She reached in, feeling my cock. I felt her fingers wrap around my hard shaft. She let out a gasp as she felt my hardness.
I could tell Claire had something on her mind. I though she was nervous about showing off. Maybe she wanted to stop. But a moment later I felt her hands on my waist band.
She gently tugged at my shorts. My pubic hair came into view, followed by the base of my cock. One more small pull and I popped out completely. I heard her gasp with desire. She followed the shorts down, kneeling right in front of me. My hard cock pointed right at her face.
"Mmhmm" she groaned, reaching out.
Claire wrapped her fingers around my freed cock. She was in control now.
I looked out the open door. The man was still watching. He must have told his friends because they were all watching now. I quickly glanced away, not wanting to make eye contact. Further out I saw others walking along the beach.
Looking back at Claire, her tongue was mere inches away from my cock. She leaned forward for what I thought was going to be a kiss on the tip of my cock. She didn't just kiss. I felt her warmth as she slid her lips fully around the head of my cock. I throbbed with desire.
Ever so slowly, she took my cock deeper in her mouth. Warmth engulfed me. I could feel her tongue dancing around my shaft. Her free hand worked its way around my legs and up to my ass. She squeezed. Claire was pulling herself deeper into my cock. This was new.
I finally realized what was happening. Claire was putting on a show. She was giving the sexiest blowjob she could for our little audience. She wasn't holding anything back as she took my cock deeper and deeper in her mouth. The thought of her putting this show was pushing me over the edge. She was pumping her mouth up and down along my cock. It felt so good. I felt my balls tighten. I wanted to release my cum in her delicious mouth.
As good as the blowjob was, I still managed to hold off cumming. I had other ideas and didn't want us end there.
"Claire..."
"Mhmm?" She mumbled with a mouthful of cock.
"Stand up." I instructed
Claire leaned back, my cock sliding out of her mouth. I reached down to help her up. Shining through her thin dress, the sun revealed every detail of her body. I saw the curve of her breasts. I saw the curve of her ass. I saw the delicate folds of her pussy lips. We stared at each other. Without breaking eye contact I grabbed the hem of her dress. I started pulling.
She became more and more exposed as I lifted it higher and higher. Her pussy came into full view. She took a deep breath as I tugged at the soft fabric. The curve of her breasts appeared followed by her rock hard nipples. Moments later she was standing completely naked. She pushed her chest out, making her breasts irresistible.
My eyes made a quick glance at our audience as I said, "turn around."
She did as I instructed. I took a small step forward, my hard cock nestling in the crack of her ass. My hands instinctively grabbing her chest. I rolled her nipples between my fingers. Her ass pressed into my cock. I lowered one hand to find her pussy. Slipping between her lips my fingers teased her clit.
Claire's breathing deepened. My finger slid from her clit into her very wet pussy. I was met with a gasp of excitement. She pressed harder into my cock. My cock throbbed between her ass cheeks, desperate for attention.
"Martin...I need... your cock inside ...." Claire moaned, starting to turn around.
I stopped her from turning. I held her waist with one hand, bending her over with the other. She was leaning on the bed with her ass pushed against my cock. I took a step back to admire the view as she waggled her ass invitingly.
Grabbing my cock I rubbed it against her pussy. Her juices coated my cock. I kept teasing. My cock throbbed as I rubbed against her clit. She was so wet I knew I could slip it in at any moment.
As my cock passed over the opening to her vagina I gently pushed. I felt the head of my cock push apart her pussy lips. She let out a moan. I eased my way inside. I held there with just the tip inside. This normally drives her wild. She started rocking back pressing me deeper. I didn't let her and countered by leaning back too. I grabbed her waist and held her firm while I felt her wetness around the tip of my cock. I wanted to make her wait.
Soon I couldn't take it anymore, ever so slowly I pulled her into me. My cock inched deeper and deeper into her pussy. Her pussy felt like it was on fire around my throbbing cock. I paused once I was fully inside her. Then, just as slowly, I started sliding out. I pulled out until only the tip of my cock was inside. Her breathing was getting heavier.
"Claire, you are so wet, I just slipped right inside you" I said between thrusts.
She moaned.
"I think we are putting on quite a show for our guests" I said as I pushed my dock into her.
"Martin... you... are... so naughty" she managed to get out. "Are they really watching us fuck?"
"Take a look," as I gestured out the open door.
She looked out the door. Her pussy clamped down around my cock. Her thrusting became more vigorous.
"Ahh, that, mhmm, is so naughty. They... can see, mhmm, right in." She said between thrusts.
I started thrusting faster to match. After all the teasing and buildup I knew I wouldn't last long. I hoped she was close. I wanted us to come together for our audience.
I grabbed her ass and pulled her in deep. My cock throbbed and pulsed. As if responding I felt her pussy pulsating around me. She let out a long yelp as the orgasm washed over her body. Feeling her come I let myself release. My cock throbbed as I filled her with my cum.
We didn't move for what felt like ages. We were both riding the wave down from orgasm. But then I heard a strange sound. The sound of celebration. Looking out the door I saw the group cheering! I didn't know how to react. I felt a bit embarrassed after the post orgasm clarity.
Claire didn't seem embarrassed at all. She slid of my cock, stood up, and pulled me in for a final deep kiss.
"I can't believe we just did that" she whispered, giddy with desire.
She turned and sashayed into the bathroom. I watched her ass, knowing I wasn't the only one enjoying the show. I walked over to the door, smiled and slowly closed the door. I thought this was the end to our little game.
I heard her cleaning up. I tidied up the room as I waited. Coming out of the bathroom with a sly grin Claire asked, "so are we going to go for a walk on the beach now?"