Thomas and Lisa sat naked at the little table on their secluded patio, sipping hot coffee and nibbling at the delicious breakfast that Maria had delivered. Below them, the turquoise waters of the bay lapped gently at the wide arc of white sand beach whose cabanas, lounge chairs and boats all sat idle in the early morning light. Above them spread the vine draped branches of the fertility tree that had impregnated Lisa just a day ago. In just 40 weeks, they would be the proud parents of a healthy baby boy. It seemed a little unreal after all their previous efforts to get pregnant, but Maria had assured them that the tree had a nearly perfect record.
"So, you really think Maria wants to have sex with me?" Thomas' voice was soft, he gazed into Lisa's eyes, eager to hear her thoughts and only slightly worried that his question would upset her.
"Oh yeah, have you not noticed how her eyes can't get enough of you? And, she told me quite clearly that she thinks you are very attractive. You think you can handle her?"
"I'm worried about you. You're carrying our baby now, aren't you a little concerned about me falling for Maria and deciding to stay here on the island?" Thomas replied, grinning impishly.
"You know, I had some alone time with Maria before you got here. It's different here, sex isn't about making babies and it doesn't carry the risk of making an unwanted baby. It sounds like they treat it much more casually than we do, it's not all tangled up in commitments to be life partners. They make commitments to support each other and their children for life but they don't mix that up with their sexual desires."
"So, you're ok with it if Maria wants to give me more than last night's blowjob?"
"Of course, I already told you that I gave her permission to 'take care of you' after my ritual and that I would not have minded if that had meant fucking you. But, I do need to point out that she's taking us out to dinner with her and her fiancé Juan. She speaks very highly of Juan. I think she's got plans for both of us. Is that going to work for you? What if he's really handsome or a brilliant lover?"
"Hey, at the end of the week we're going home and Juan and Maria are staying here. Besides, I really believe the stuff she says about the islanders having a different attitude about sex since it's not how they make babies."
Lisa took another sip of her coffee and gazed into Thomas' eyes. Once she was convinced that he really was comfortable with it she continued, "Ok, here's the thing. I think they are going to try to have sex with us tonight and I don't want to have to have a whispered conversation in front of them, I don't want to seem unsure. Besides, after a few drinks and a ton of flirting, we're not going to be able to make our best possible decision. We need to decide now, agree on our boundaries and then stick to them, you think?"
Thomas did not hesitate, "I agree, you can do anything you want with Juan. Can I assume I'm free to enjoy whatever Maria offers? And, what about other stuff? Two on one? Do you want Juan and I at the same time? Are you looking to do more with Maria since you enjoyed her after the tree milked me? And... I know the tree tested my limits a bit, but I gotta be honest, I do not want to play with Juan or any other man in any way, do you think that will be an issue?"
"OK, now I think we're getting ahead of ourselves..." Lisa was all smiles. "For what it's worth, I'm down to have some fun, I'd be happy to play with Maria again and there isn't anything you and Juan together can do to me that the tree didn't already do... and what I remember of that was awesome. Finally, while I have no idea what Juan might be into, I'm sure he's capable of taking 'no' for an answer. Now you watch, we've totally misread them and it will just be a boring dinner date."
Thomas smiled broadly, "nah, maybe I don't know how to read these island girls, but based on the experience so far, I think it's going to be a good night."
"I hope you're right. Now, what will we do while we wait? Maybe we should rest up - if I understood the instructions correctly the resort beach is the only one that's open to visitors. What say we grab our books and go snag a cabana at the water's edge. We can swim a bit, read a bit, maybe sleep a bit and dream of exciting evenings to come."
***
The young couple passed a very relaxing day at the beach. There were a few other couples there, but the beach was huge and they had no trouble finding a vacant cabana near the far end. It was as big as the king bed in their room and it had moveable curtains around the sides to protect them from the sun. Some of the couples they passed on the beach had been nude and Lisa decided that, if she was going to spend the week tanning her skin, pale from the winter weather back home, she might as well tan all of it. Thomas opted to keep his board shorts on, but was more than happy to have Lisa nude beside him, lazing away a sunny day in paradise.
Maria found them there in the late afternoon. Thomas noticed her as she was still only halfway down the beach. She was topless and, on the bottom, she was wearing only a nearly transparent sarong. He knew he'd be able to see her pussy clearly when she got closer and he was a bit relieved that he had kept his shorts on.
"Lisa, I see you've decided to do the beach in proper island style, good for you," Maria greeted them.
"Yes, it's super comfortable and, even though there's nobody at this end of the beach to see me, I think I'm enjoying the exhibitionist aspect of it as well. I mean, somebody might see me," Lisa replied, her eyes scanning every inch of Maria's luscious body.
Maria moved her feet just a bit farther apart, the sunlight shining through her sarong left nothing to the imagination. "Well, I'm certainly enjoying the view. I wanted to give you guys a heads up for tonight. Juan and I can meet you in the resort lobby at 7. We're going to a super casual outdoor restaurant and then maybe for a little dancing. Lisa, you could just wear that cute little red bikini you got the other day with a wrap around the bottom. And, Thomas, since you seem comfortable in those shorts, maybe just throw on a sexy shirt and you'll fit right in. I felt I should warn you guys so you wouldn't end up feeling overdressed."
"Well, that makes it easy enough. We'll see you in the lobby at 7, then." Lisa pried her eyes off of Maria's breasts long enough to look her in the eyes.
"OK, I've got to get back to work. We're looking forward to seeing you tonight," and Maria set off back down the beach. Thomas' eyes stayed glued to her firm little butt until she was too far away for him to really see anything.
***
When they met up in the lobby at the appointed time, Lisa was not al all surprised to find that the beautiful and charming Maria had managed to get engaged to a tall, handsome man. Juan greeted her with a kiss on each cheek and greeted Thomas with a handshake. He then explained that the restaurant was in the nearby town and that it was a pretty evening for a walk if that was OK with them. Finding they were all in agreement, they set off toward town with Lisa grilling Juan for details of how he and Maria had met, how long they'd been together, how he had proposed, etc.
After just a few minutes walk, they arrived at a small restaurant where the pretty hostess greeted Maria by name and offered to show them to their table. They passed through the covered part of the restaurant and out onto the beach to a small table set just a few feet from where the waves were lapping at the sand. The table was set two on each side so that nobody had to sit with their back to the beautiful view. Lisa and Thomas took one side while Maria and Juan sat on the other with Juan across from Lisa and Maria facing Thomas.
The hostess told them, "Brigitte will be here in a minute to tell you about today's dinner choices. Meanwhile, I can get you drinks, the usual Maria?" Maria nodded and the hostess turned her gaze to Juan who nodded as well.
"You know, I don't even want to know what 'the usual' is," Lisa quipped, "I'm in. Thomas, are you going to be the odd one out?"
"I think we've already trusted Maria with more important things than drink choices, count me in too."
"You guys are in good hands," the hostess winked at Thomas then turned and headed back toward the bar inside.
They made a bit more small talk until Brigitte appeared. There were only three choices for dinner but they all sounded equally delicious. They all involved seafood fresh from the waters around the island as well as other ingredients grown at farms on the island. After a bit of discussion, Lisa and Thomas selected two of the dishes with a promise to share them so each of them could taste both.
As soon as Brigitte left with their order, Maria turned to Thomas and said, "I feel like I have a lot of explaining to do. And, I suppose you have questions."
"Well, I'm very curious about everything that's happened in the last two days and how this all works, but I sense a bit of regret in your voice, is there something bad that we don't know yet."
Maria visibly relaxed at Thomas' words, seemed to pause for a thoughtful second and then went on, "Well, I did drug you with that punch. I didn't have your consent to drug you and then I didn't get your consent for anything that happened with the tree. Lisa and had I talked about the pros and cons of telling you everything up front, she assured me that you would be fine with it. There are several similar trees here on the island and people have been using them to make babies for centuries. Of course, island residents know what's going to happen, but, when we started allowing a few carefully selected couples to visit form the mainland, we weren't sure how the men were going to react to the semen harvesting process. We've tried it both ways and most men report that they were as happy not knowing what to expect. When we do explain it all in advance some men worry needlessly about various parts of it while others become gleefully expectant only to tell us later that while it was nice, it wasn't what they expected. We have to trust the partners when they tell us you'll be ok with it and, as you might guess, we've not had a single complaint."
"Ah, now I understand your discomfort. Rest assured, while a bit of it was new and pushed my boundaries a little, it was mostly awesome. But, now I want to know, you implied that even the islanders use the trees to make babies, how does that work? and how did all of this get started?"
"I can do the history lesson," Juan offered, setting down his drink. "Well, such as it is, there isn't a history for all of it. We have oral histories of many great past leaders on the island, of great storms, eruptions of the volcano, and of the first visitors from outside. There isn't anything in all of our lore about some beginning of the trees role in our reproductive cycle, it seems as if it has always been that way. In fact, the old stories say that our people always believe that the trees were necessary, that nobody got pregnant the way you mainlanders do. Once outsiders came a few hundred years ago we became aware of your way. When we learned about the direct way that you become pregnant, we began to pay more attention. Women on the island typically have sexual partners, multiple sexual partners, for some years before they find someone that they want to take to a tree to make a baby. Once we were aware, we paid close attention. No woman on the island has ever become pregnant directly, it requires the help of a tree."
"The earliest outsiders here on the island were all men, sailors of one sort or another - explorers, whalers, pirates, warriors - our history includes them all. Many of them had sex with women from the island, it isn't a big complicated thing for us like it is for you. We learned over time that including outsiders is too complicated and we work to, as you say, 'fly under the radar' now. But a lot of outsiders had sex with a lot of island women and there were never any babies."
"Decades after the first explorers discovered the island, a few adventuresome women found their way here and few of them couldn't resist the charms of our men." Juan paused here and turned from Thomas who was hanging on every word of this history lesson to Lisa. Her gave her a sly wink and inched one foot forward so that it was resting against the side of her foot. He continued, "Now that we know all about your world, we realize how lucky we were. To outsiders our island didn't seem all that different from the many other islands near here. The outsiders did not realize that their men weren't getting our women pregnant and their women never realized that, if they were getting pregnant, it was not due to the attentions for our island men. We figured out how unique we are early enough to realize that we need to be somewhat secretive."
Brigitte had delivered their food along with another round of Maria's usual drink and the group suspended the history lesson for a few minutes while they shared bites of the delicious food and shared their thoughts on which was the most delicious.
After they had eaten in silence for a bit, Lisa thought of a new question, "If you are 'somewhat secretive' about the island's ways then how is it that I found the clinic, how did Thomas and I end up here?"
"Ah well, that one is obviously mine to answer," Maria set her fork down and turned to face Lisa. "You probably did a ton of internet searches about fertility, am I right?"
"Well, yeah, I was starting to worry a bit, Thomas and I really wanted kids."
"We've been running the resort and helping couples now for decades. In the early days we had arrangements with a few fertility doctors on the mainland, we sought them out, carefully selecting doctors that we could trust to be discreet. We brought them here to learn how the process works and instructed them to send us only a few couples a year and only couples that they could count on to keep our secret. And, of course, they only sent us couples who, medically, should be able to get pregnant but who just aren't having any luck. The tree is amazing, but there are some issues even the tree can't overcome."
"It's much easier for me now than it was for my grandmother or even my Mom. The internet makes it possible for me to cast a pretty wide net. People fill out information forms from which I can select the very few that would benefit from an encounter with our tree while all of the others get responses from a normal fertility clinic on the mainland that is happy to have all of the referrals we send them. I bet you filled out enough of those contact forms that you don't even know which one was mine."
"Wow, yeah, I couldn't find the right website again if I tried. But I remember your first e-mail and I remember every bit of our phone conversations - you sounded so confident and reassuring. Thank-you for inviting us here. I suddenly feel very privileged. You said your mother ran the clinic before you and your grandmother before that?"
"Whoa, wait. I've got questions too," Thomas interrupted. "How many phone calls? how long have you two been in touch? how did you plan to trick me into coming here and trick me into fucking that tree?"
"Oh, honey, I love you and I'm super happy to be pregnant with your son. Maria already apologized for her part in tricking you and I want you to know that I'm sorry, not sorry. Maria has a lot of experience with this process and I decided to take her advice and let you experience it as it happened. Please forgive me." Lisa seemed somewhat sincere, but then she added with a big grin, "Also, I was there and I have to tell you, that tree fucked you."
Thomas shook his head as if he was in disagreement, but his smile and the twinkle in his eyes told Lisa that he understood that she was just teasing him and all was well. Still, he had to ask, "Do all the men have the same experience with the tree that I had? and, if so, why is it so... much?"
"Hah, I can answer that one so that Maria can have a bit more of her dinner," Lisa piped up, "Let me see if I can remember all the stuff that Maria explained to me. Everything the tree does seems to be for a purpose. Samples of its many different secretions have been taken and studied. Early on, some of what the first pod fed your mouth was the equivalent of an energy drink and some of it was just hydration. I'm not sure you know this but your encounter with the tree lasted over three hours. The pod that descended onto your cock was well lubricated, of course, but it also included aphrodisiac chemicals to ensure that you were as turned on as possible so that you would produce a nice big load for the tree to process. Not wanting to rely on chemicals alone, the tree stimulated your prostate to ensure that, when you came, you delivered every ounce of cum you possibly could. And, finally, the tree filled your belly with nutrients plus a gentle sleep aid so that you would wake up refreshed and happy rather than exhausted and starving. I'm sure Maria will correct me if I got any of that wrong."
"Nope, you are a good student. Let me just add one thing, Thomas, I know you teased Lisa a bit about voodoo and witch doctors but, did you know that many of your modern scientific medicines are derived from plants and were discovered by scientists observing traditional uses of plants for healing? Most people know about aspirin and all of the opiate derivatives, but there are belladonna derivatives and foxglove derivatives along with medicines derived from molds and funguses. Maybe I sound defensive, but the tree's capabilities aren't too far out there."
"It's ok, Thomas told her, "I didn't mean to question any of it. I'm like Lisa, I feel privileged to have been given this opportunity. I understand why you feel defensive of the trees."
Juan, having eaten most of his dinner, stepped in, "It's actually a bigger deal than you might realize. Maria comes from a very long line of women who tend the island's several trees. In the same way that our history doesn't go back far enough to explain how the trees got involved in our reproductive cycle, it also doesn't explain how these few lines of women ended up in this important position. Lisa's first baby will be a girl and she will grow up and tend the same tree that Lisa now tends. It's just always been that way. I said earlier that our stories include tales of notable islanders going back many centuries, all of Maria's many generations of grandmothers have their place in those stories along with all of the other women who have tended the other trees. It is a position of great honor and responsibility. We are very protective of the trees, we believe that the trees assumed this role in our lives so that we would protect them, the relationship is sacred."
Lisa looked directly into Juan's eyes for a moment and asked, "And, how do you feel knowing that your daughter will take over this sacred role someday. It must be an honor to be engaged to someone as important as Maria."
Before she had finished asking, Lisa caught Maria giving Juan a look, there was some silent communication in that look and Juan simply said, "That's a big question. I think Maria might be willing to explain it later in the week. I am extremely lucky to be engaged to Maria who is as beautiful as she is important."
"OK, time to change the subject," Maria interjected. "I hope we've answered some of your questions about our secret island, it's beautiful people and its sacred traditions. Maybe we'll talk more later in the week. For now, with dinner nearly finished, I have a proposal for you two."
Thomas and Lisa both gave Maria their full attention. Thomas' cock twitched just a bit as he had an idea what the proposal might be. Lisa felt Juan slide his leg so that the back of his calf gently caressed the back of hers and she felt her pussy warm at the possibilities.
"Lisa, I think you already gave me permission to have sex with your handsome husband, and I very much enjoyed the little 'taste' that I got yesterday. I think I'd like to warm him up with a little dancing and then take him back to your room to finish what we started if you're still ok with that?"
Lisa gazed directly into Thomas' eyes while answering Maria's question, "I am still ok with that, but you have to ask Thomas."
"I have to admit, I was hoping you'd ask," Thomas didn't wait for Maria to actually pose the question. "I would very much love to finish what we started."
"Thank-you Thomas," Maria was all sexy smiles. "Thomas, I'm certain that watching Lisa being impregnated by the tree yesterday was a huge turn-on for you." Then, with a wink, "you boys don't hide your arousal well."
Maria continued, "She's a beautiful woman and she's even more beautiful in the throes of passion. You can't really admire the graceful way that she arches her back when your face is buried between her legs or the way her abdomen twitches when your cock is buried in her. Rather than Juan and I simply offering you each the excitement of a new sex partner, I want us to show you how beautiful your current partners are. Would you be ok sitting with me and watching Juan show us how beautiful Lisa is? And, before you answer, please know this isn't some lurid trade, say yes only if you want to see Lisa with Juan, you can say no and I'm still going to have you."
Thomas felt a knot in the middle of his stomach. Of course, he and Lisa had already hashed it all out this morning the beach. He was OK with Juan and Lisa having sex. The idea of watching it was actually a huge turn on though he didn't completely understand why and he didn't understand why the physical sensation of his excitement felt the same as fear usually felt. It didn't matter, he had made the decision when his thoughts couldn't be influenced by the drinks or by the prospect of fucking Maria. He realized with some amusement that his cock was rock hard, 'guess the little head would say yes' he thought. "Yes, that sounds super hot, but he has to ask her," he replied.
Lisa turned from Thomas to Juan who didn't need words, he asked the question with his eyes and she immediately replied, "yes."
"It's settled then," Maria pushed her chair back and rose to her feet. Let's dance a bit while the anticipation builds. Sexual tension is so yummy."
As Maria led them through the restaurant, Thomas realized, "but we didn't..."
Maria cut him off, "there's no dinner check, just one more thing that works differently here. Don't worry about anything."
***
They walked a short way down the road, back toward the resort. Thomas walking hand in hand with Maria leading the way, Lisa and Juan, also holding hands, right behind them.
They'd walked silently, each with their own thoughts, for just a couple of minutes when Maria spoke up, "We're almost there. We rarely tell outsiders about this place so you'll be the first outsiders here in several years. Some of the younger people here have never seen an outsider in the flesh. Please don't be self conscious. They might stare for a short time, but they are here for a purpose and they will quickly forget that you are here."
"Ok, now I really feel special," Lisa almost whispered, "you might have some explaining to do later."
"Fair enough," Maria replied.
They walked through a grove of trees and came out on a beach. The sun was setting out over the ocean and a man was walking amongst the dancers lighting tiki torches against the coming night. There was a band playing at one end of the beach and literally everyone else was dancing. Neither the music nor the dance, for they all seemed to be doing slight variations of the same dance, was familiar to Lisa or Thomas.
"I realize that neither of you know this dance." Maria whispered. "It's easy to learn and it's deliciously sexy. This is sure to set the proper mood for our night. Lisa, do what Juan tells you to do. Thomas, put your right hand here, your left hand here and step in close. I'll guide you."
And, she wasn't lying, the steps were simple and easy to learn. The dance was close, with legs brushing against legs, breasts against arms and chests. And, there were hand movements - the ladies hands were mostly on the men's chests and shoulders, the men gently caressing the women's sides and just the tops of their butts. Everybody was doing pretty much the same dance with little variation and, as a little time passed, the various couples stopped sneaking peeks at the outsiders and focused their attention completely on their partners.
Thomas was very happy. Maria felt soft and warm in his hands and her body brushed against his in all the right ways. He had a raging boner and as it occasionally grazed some part of Maria's body he didn't care that she must know how badly he wanted her.
As each song ended and the next began, Maria would teach him some subtle changes in the hand positions and pull him a little closer so that their bodies touched more often and more intimately.
At some point, Thomas noticed that several of the women were dancing topless their nipples erect as they occasionally grazed their partner's chests. He felt a twinge of concern as he couldn't control his roving eye. They were all so beautiful and they were all so focused on their partners and here he was entranced by the eye candy that surrounded him. Maria reached behind herself and pulled the tie that held her bikini top together in the back then lifted it over her head leaving her naked from the waist up.
She pulled Thomas close and, as she pressed the tiny top into his hand, whispered, "can you keep this your pocket for me?"
Thomas was only too happy to oblige and now was able to focus his full attention back on his own partner where it belonged. He'd seen her beautiful little pert breasts a few times before but now they were close and they occasionally brushed against him. As luck would have it, when the next song started, the new hand movements that Maria showed him included gentle caresses of the sides of her beautiful breasts.
Lisa had managed to remain focused on Juan pretty well. However, she couldn't completely control her curiosity about how Thomas and Maria might be doing. The thought of Thomas and Maria together turned her on immensely and she'd grown very wet at the thought of what they would do later while she watched. So it wasn't long after Maria removed her top that Lisa noticed her sexy new friend, dancing topless with Lisa's husband's hands gently stroking the sides of her breasts. She looked around and saw that Maria was definitely not the only one. Many of the women were now dancing topless, their bikini tops peeking out of the men's pockets, the men's hands caressing the sides of their breasts. She noted with amusement that, just like on the mainland, island girl breasts came in all shapes and sizes and exhibited a similar variety of nipples as well.
Lisa took advantage of a part of the dance where Juan held her close to whisper, "some of the women are topless now, though many are not."
Juan whispered back, "yes, some of the women have decided to go home with the man that they are dancing with while many are still thinking about it."
Lisa felt more than heard Juan's words, she felt her nipples harden and worried that her pussy had likely made an embarrassing wet spot on her bikini bottoms. Still, when the dance changed again to a slightly less close hold she pulled the tie at her back, lifted her top over her head and held it out toward Juan with a coy smile. Juan smiled warmly, accepted Lisa's gift and stuffed it into his pocket, leaving the bright red strings hanging out for all to see.
On the next dance, the hands changed again and Thomas found his hands placed directly on Maria's breasts, her nipples like little pebbles against his palms. She had his full attention now and though they were where he could easily see, he did not even notice Lisa dancing with her eyes closed as Juan gently massaged her tits.
Another song and they were dancing close, hands on backs and chests rubbing together. Lisa enjoyed the feel of her nipples against the smooth silk of Juan's shirt and his hands on the rise of her buttocks, just at the base of her back. She was stealing glances at the other dancers and now most of the women were topless and most of the men had their hands resting similarly to how Juan's hands were. And, another song change and she watched as hands slid lower and cupped the women's buttocks. Some of the others were wearing thongs as Lisa was and she ached for Juan's hands on her bare butt like those all around her. She didn't have to wait long before his hands slid down and cupped her comfortably. She felt his finger tips, teasing the crease where her cheeks met the tops of her legs and slowly teasing closer and closer to the gap between her legs. His hands were inside her sarong and she knew that he would soon discover that her bikini bottoms were soaking wet. She tried to keep her mind off it by concentrating on the feel of his hard cock pressing against her stomach through his shorts. She held his butt cheeks in her own hands and idly toyed with one of the red bikini strings hanging out of his pocket.
Juan soon discovered Lisa's wet secret. He leaned forward a little more, nuzzling her neck with his face, but really just extending his reach so that one finger could probe the edge of her thong, rubbing the slick wetness along the edge of her outer lip. Lisa nervously glanced around, afraid that someone would see her being so wanton. But, the other couples all remained focused on each other and, based on their dancing, she thought that hers weren't the only wet lips being caressed, dancing on the sand of a Caribbean beach in the light of the tikis.
Lisa ached to have something inside her, she could think of nothing but Juan's thick finger gently moving the thin strip of fabric aside and entering her until she finally got her wish. Perhaps she had invited it, she might have wiggled her butt just so, maybe pressed back against his hand just a bit here surrounded by so many people doing the same thing or something very similar. She was just starting to rise to her plateau when she felt a hand soft on her shoulder and heard Maria quietly say, "Juan, Lisa, I think we should head back."
Lisa pondered her disappointment at being interrupted along with her excitement at what was to come as she walked hand in hand with Juan, following Thomas and Maria back through the trees to the road and then toward the resort. She was still topless. Many of the other dancers had noticed the outsiders leaving, each with an islander, both of the women topless. There were no secrets here and there was no judgement. It was all a little confusing. They walked together in silence all the way back to the bungalow on the hillside next to the fertility tree.
***
Inside the bungalow, Maria pulled Thomas to a couch in the corner and lifted one end of it while nodding at the other one so that Thomas understood that he was to help move the couch over by the bed. They put the couch at the foot of the bed, so close that anyone sitting on it could rest their feet on the end of the bed. Maria whisked all of the covers off the bed, leaving only the sheet and the many pillows. Then she took Thomas by the arms, moved him over and pushed him down onto the couch. She cruised around the room lighting candles and adjusting the lights to set the mood while Juan stood just inside the door, his arms around Lisa's naked torso as she stood just in front of him. When Maria felt everything was perfect she dropped onto the couch next to Thomas, put her feet up on the end of the mattress and asked him, "are you ready for us to show you your beautiful wife?"
"I am"
"I forgot to tell you something," she said. "Lisa is already pregnant with your son and besides, Juan can't get a girl pregnant directly. Also, I didn't say so, because I can't explain it, but there are no sexually transmitted diseases here; there never have been - it's one more little bit of island magic. Please don't worry about those mainland concerns."
Thomas felt the knot in his stomach tighten, but nodded his understanding. Maria nodded to Juan and he led Lisa over to the bed. He helped Lisa to kneel in the center of the bed, facing her audience, her arms at her sides. He had slipped off her sarong so that the red thong bottom was all that remained of the minimal clothes that she'd worn to dinner. Her bikini top still peeked out of his pocket but Juan had, at some point, discarded his shirt.
Lisa was filled with anticipation as Juan gathered her long hair in his hands behind her, thus exposing her firm, pale breasts to Thomas and Maria. He stroked his fingers through her hair starting at her scalp and letting it slide slowly between his fingers until it dropped against her back and then doing it again with the other hand. Thomas scanned Lisa from head to toe. She was gazing into his eyes, her anticipation apparent. Her posture was perfect, her neck long, her shoulders and collar bones showing, breasts, flat stomach, the red thong, obviously soaked through, barely covered her lips, it was clear that she was shaved bare under that tiny strip of fabric. There was a slight gap showing the bulge of her pussy against the thong then her slender legs down to where she was kneeling on the mattress.
As Thomas looked back up, he caught Juan's eye and Juan held Lisa's hair with one hand and very lightly dragged the fingertips of the other hand across her shoulder and down her upper arm, causing her to visibly shiver.
'Maria was right,' Thomas thought, she is beautiful when she is this aroused and I can sit back and take her all in.
Juan traced his fingers along her side, down over her hip bone and along the outside of her leg. He released her hair and then did the same fingertip caress all the way down both sides while he bent his head and gently nuzzled Lisa's neck.
He began placing tiny kisses all around her neck and across the top of one shoulder while his fingertips continued to trace circles along Lisa's sides, across her flat stomach, around the sides of her breasts and into the corner where the undersides of her breasts met her ribcage. Lisa couldn't look Thomas in the eyes any more and gently closed her eyes and laid her head back onto Juan's shoulder.
He continued kissing her neck and shoulder as his fingers drew smaller and smaller circles on her tits, slowly closing in on her aureolas which had grown smaller as her nipples had become harder. Juan drew circles on Lisa's tiny aureolas, teasing her, not touching her nipples. From the corner of his eye, Thomas sensed that Maria was stroking her own breasts but he could not look away from Lisa's. Finally, Juan let his fingertips flick Lisa's taut nipples and she drew in a sharp breath. Back and forth he flicked them as his face pushed her hair out of the way so that he could kiss the back of her neck.
Juan kissed his way down Lias's back to a spot between her shoulder blades so that he was now completely hidden from Lisa's eager audience. Only his hands showed as they each cupped a breast and he began to stimulate her nipples, holding them between thumb and pointer finger and gently tugging them out and up, her breasts following along with each tug. Lisa raised her head back up and opened her eyes. Thomas's eyes were glued to Juan's fingers stimulating her sensitive nipples and she waited patiently until he sensed her gaze and locked eyes with her and smiled. She sighed deeply and let her eyelids half close so that he could see how pleased she was and she could still watch him.
Juan's hands slid down off of Lisa's tits and glided down her rib cage and then slowly back and forth across her stomach, moving a tiny bit lower with each stroke. His head reappeared over her shoulder and Thomas could tell that Juan was watching Maria.
Juan's hands reached the top of Lisa's red thong and then stroked just once lightly across the top of her mound as they slid down to the tops of her thighs. He stroked up and down the fronts of her thighs, each stroke moving incrementally toward the center, his thumbs brushing ever so close to her pussy. As his strokes moved to the inside of her thighs he added a little pressure until she instinctively moved her knees a little farther apart, further exposing her pussy, her outer lips only half covered by her thong. He ran his fingertips along the part of those lips that was not covered, already slick with her juices, then pushed the thong to one side, leaving her wet cunt completely exposed to Thomas and Maria's gaze. Lisa felt a twitch deep in her stomach as she saw both of them watching and she felt her engorged lips slowly part, exposing her pink insides.
Juan's left hand in the center of Lisa's chest pressed her back against his muscular chest while just one finger of his right hand drew little circles in the wet pool at her opening, inching a bit deeper with each circle. When he had finally worked the entire length of the finger into her, he withdrew it slowly, dragging the underside of it up the middle of her slit until the tip came out and slid up her slit to lightly brush over the nub of her clit. He briefly drew circles around her clit, but her suit bottoms were getting in his way. He slid his hands to her hips and began to very slowly slide her suit down. When he reached the sheet, Lisa lifted one knee just enough for him to move the suit under. She shifted to the other knee and Juan slid her sopping thong off her ankles and tossed it to Thomas who, upon catching it, couldn't resist a quick sniff. He had always loved the scent of Lisa's arousal and today was no different.
Juan went back to drawing little circles around Lisa's clit while eye gazing his fiancee. Maria quickly raised her hips off the couch and slipped her own bikini bottom off - leaving her naked as well. Maria took Lisa's thong from Thomas and tossed it away, handing him her own well scented suit to replace it. She dropped a hand to Thomas' lap and pulled the drawstring on his shorts then sat back to continue watching the show. Thomas took the hint and slid his shorts off onto the floor, his aching cock happy to be free of its confinement. Maria then reached over and took his hand and laid it between her spread legs.
"Just very lightly," she whispered, "it's not our turn yet." And, she let her other hand rest on Thomas' cock holding it, not stroking it but preventing him from stimulating it himself.
Juan turned Lisa around and laid her on the bed so that her head was hanging off the end of the bed between Thomas' feet and Maria's feet. She watched them, upside down, until Juan's tongue found her pussy and she squeezed her eyes shut from pleasure. Juan had her knees up and back and his arms wrapped around her legs so that he could reach her tits and continue to stimulate her nipples. She dropped her hands into his dark, curly hair and held his head as she moaned her pleasure. Her back arched and her shoulders pressed into the mattress as she pushed her pussy up and Juan's head down.
Thomas was mesmerized. His eyes roamed Lisa's body taking in her facial contortions, the ripples of her various muscles as Juan's oral ministrations carried her toward her peak. Maria had been absolutely right, Lisa in the throes of passion was a beautiful sight.
Between the naughty circumstances and Juan's expert cunnilingus, it wasn't long before Lisa had her first orgasm. It rippled throughout her body and seemed to go on forever as Juan switched to firm pressure and very slow circles to keep from over-stimulating her clit though, eventually, it was too much and her hands moved from pulling his head in to pushing his forehead away from her satiated pussy.
Juan raised his head up, smiling triumphantly with Lisa's juices all around his mouth and down his chin. He gently pulled her up to kneel facing him, her back to their audience while he wrapped his arms around her and they shared a deep french kiss.
"Let's let your pussy rest for just a minute," he told her. Then he laid on his back on the bed with his feet toward Thomas and Maria. He eased Lisa down to kneel beside him and, taking a fistful of her hair, gently lowered her head toward his cock. Lisa steadied herself with one hand and wrapped the other around the base of Juan's fat dick. Turning her gaze upward she could just see Thomas slouched down on the couch, Maria's hand now very slowly stroking him, while he carefully watched her every move. She planted a little kiss right on Juan's tip then ran her tongue around the head and popped it into her mouth. She couldn't help but moan as she worked her mouth down Juan's shaft and then began to work it with both her hand and her mouth. Thomas could easily imagine Juan's pleasure as he'd watched his own cock repeatedly disappearing between those pretty lips many times.
Juan didn't allow the blow job to go on for very long before he pulled Lisa up until she was straddling his body facing the watchers and, holding her by the hips, moved her down until she hovered directly over his penis. Lisa would have gladly sank down onto it but Juan held her still so that the tip of his penis sat just at her opening. He slowly raised his hips, sliding himself not into her but up between her lips, rubbing her clit against his cock head and killing Thomas, Maria and Lisa with suspense. He continued, like that for several strokes, spreading Lisa's juices over himself while torturing his audience. Finally he turned her around and pulled her head down into a kiss. With one hand he pushed her butt down so that his manhood was trapped between his own belly and Lisa's pussy, its lips wrapped around his shaft. He continued, kissing her passionately and rubbing the underside of his cock through her slit and over her clit until she came again with a shudder, moaning into his mouth.
Finally, with his hands on her hips, he raised her up just enough to line up with her opening and, ever so slowly, pushed all the way into her. Thomas watched intently as inch after inch disappeared and then, as Juan slowly pulled out, Lisa's engorged lips clung to Juan's cock until just the head was still inside. Juan held Lisa still and fucked up into her for a while before he pushed her up so that she was sitting with him deep inside her. She held his shoulders and they worked up a rhythm, her rocking her hips with his cock head nestled at the very end of her canal while Juan reached up and began to pinch and squeeze her nipples again. Lisa could feel her climax approaching and she rocked harder and faster while Juan increased the pressure on her nipples until she had another orgasm and collapsed onto his chest.
Juan easily flipped them both over and smothered Lisa with kisses while his powerful hips thrust his cock into her over and over, faster and harder. And then, with a grunt he was done, he stopped, buried to the hilt and Thomas and Maria watched as his cock spasmed, pumping Lisa full of his cum.
They lay there like that for a minute. They might have laid there all night except that Maria was more than eager to put on her own show with Lisa's husband. She got up from her seat and dashed into the bathroom, returning with a hand towel. Juan had rolled off to lie beside Lisa and Maria handed her the towel with a knowing look.
"OK, you two, that was spectacular. You see, Thomas, your wife is a beautiful instrument. I hope that watching another man make music with her has afforded you a new appreciation of that beauty. Now... It's my turn to show her how beautiful you are. Juan, Maria, up! The couch is yours, you can have your little post fuck cuddle there. Thomas, on the bed, now!"
Thomas rose and let Maria guide him by the hand to the center of the bed as Juan and Lisa moved off the opposite side and took their positions on the couch, Lisa snuggled in under Juan's arm.
Maria guided Thomas to lie in the middle of the bed, flat on his back with his feet toward the couple cuddling on the couch. Then, she reached in under the mattress at one corner and pulled out a rope that was already tied to the bedpost. Catching the look on Lisa's face she said, "had you really not noticed them? They've been there the whole time, perhaps you can play with them yourself later in the week. I'll let him go soon enough, I just want him still for a few minutes while we both appreciate his fine body."
She expertly tied Thomas' legs and hands with a simple single column tie at each, leaving him spread eagle in the middle of the big bed, his hard cock sticking straight up. Kneeling beside him, Maria gently stroked one fingertip up and down the underside of it.
"You know, I think this has been hard for hours now. I can't be sure about dinner, but I can tell you with confidence that it was like this while we were dancing and it was rock hard for all of Lisa's sexy show. I'll have to be careful with it."
Maria ran her hands out over Thomas' hips and then down over the tops of his thighs. She switched to both hands on the near leg, one on top of the thigh and one lightly stroking the inside of the thigh, each stroke coming tantalizingly close to Thomas' crotch where his cock still waved about begging for attention.
"He's got such strong legs, these solid thighs. I really enjoyed dancing with one of them pressing between my legs." She was directly to Lisa, stroking Lisa's husband's leg while describing it. She continued on, admiring his big firm calves, then crawling over to the other side and taking the other leg in her hands. She bent down and placed a kiss on the side of his calf and kissed up the outside of his leg, across the top of his thigh and along the inside of it. She'd left the ropes loose enough that she could push his legs apart, lifting his knees a little to allow her to kiss her way to where his leg met his crotch. As she kissed around his cock, her hands moved to his stomach and she dragged her long, dark silky hair over his rampant erection, leaving it wanting more but moving past it to kiss his taut abdomen.
"He's got these strong abs. I'm sure they will provide powerful thrusts when I'm ready for that," she mumbled, peeking over at Lisa as she kissed across his stomach, her hands caressing his sides and up his rib cage toward his chest. And she kept moving, roving over his body planting tiny kisses and describing it for Lisa's benefit.
"gorgeous chest..."
"strong arms to hold me tight..."
"big manly shoulders..."
"big strong hands, fingers... I know where these are going when I untie him..."
After admiring the arm that she was closest to, she had to lean across his head to plant kisses on the far shoulder, dragging her hair across his face. As she kissed up his arm along the inside of his bicep, she made sure to position herself just right so that one nipple grazed his lips - not close enough or long enough for him to capture it. And she continued leaning across him working her mouth up his forearm to his hand - her abdomen caressing his nose as it passed then finally pressing her mound against his cheek.
She moved back before he could turn his head to take advantage of her position. She sat up and rested one hand on his chest, the other on the top of his head, looking down into his expectant face.
"His handsome face with that big, silly grin... his soft hair..."
As she lowered her face toward his, her hand slid down and closed around his now aching cock. "And, this, fat thing that I've wanted inside me since I first saw it." With that she began to passionately kiss Thomas, holding his head with one hand while her other hand very slowly stroked up and down his cock.
Lisa was both exhausted and satiated, but the sight of this beautiful island girl making out with her husband while stroking his cock lit a fire in her pussy. She looked down to see that Juan was at least half hard again if not more and she wrapped her hand around him and began to stroke slowly, feeling him grow in her hand as she went back to watching Maria torture Thomas.
For a while, the only sounds were Maria and Thomas, moaning into each others mouths as they made out while Maria gave Thomas a gentle hand job. Finally, she broke free of their kiss and turned toward his cock, her eyes locked with Lisa's as she very slowly lowered her head and took just the tip of Thomas' cock in her mouth, much as Lisa had done to Juan. Maria very slowly worked all of Thomas into her mouth and began to slide him in and out. She kept changing it up, licking the sides of the shaft, sliding down to suck his balls and she used her hands all around the base of it, massaging his perineum, even wetting one finger and teasingly drawing circles on his asshole.
"You know, I've given both of you oral pleasure already this week and, so far, nothing for me," Maria said, not really directly addressing either of them. "I think I deserve a little something." With that, she swung her leg over and lowered herself onto Thomas' mouth, ministering to his cock with her hands and mouth the entire time.
Thomas did his best to lick Maria in this somewhat awkward position and without the use of his hands until Lisa felt she had to speak up.
"Maria, he's really good at what he's doing to you right now, but not so much in that position and, I gotta say, he's going to fill your mouth with cum before you get to fuck him if you suck him much longer. I know this is your show, but, could you please turn around and sit on his face?"
"It would be my pleasure," Maria replied. She climbed off of Thomas, turned around and straddled his chest, now facing him. "Let's let him have his hands," she commented as she managed to position herself so that one nipple was pressing on Thomas' mouth while she untied one of his hands. Having released the first hand, she turned to place the other nipple in his mouth and work on the other hand. Of course, Thomas made the most of the short time it took Maria to untie his hands. Once both hands were free, she leaned down to give him a little kiss on the lips and then sat upright and inched forward until her pussy was directly above Thomas' waiting mouth. She found the headboard was in just the right spot that she could hold it to steady herself as she lowered her dripping cunt onto Thomas' mouth and his hands came up to cup her breasts and pinch her nipples.
"That's the way," Lisa told her, "now just fuck his face until you can't take any more."
Maria tried to reach back with one hand to give Thomas a few strokes, but she was too intent on riding his face and she knew he didn't need it. They worked together, her moving herself around so that Thomas first drank the juices from her hole, then sucked her lips and, eventually, sucked her clit between his pursed lips. She ground down on him, slowly increasing the pressure as he increased the speed of his tongue and the pressure on her nipples until she came hard with a long drawn out groan. She stayed on his tongue for as long as she could stand, but ultimately had to rise up away from his face.
"I have to have you in me now!" she panted as she slid down, lined his tip up with her entrance and dropped herself onto him, taking him all the way in quickly.
"Fuck me hard"
Thomas had barely enough slack in the ropes, still tied to his ankles, to plant his feet and start thrusting up into Maria violently. She met his thrusts and cried out each time he hit bottom and, in just a short time, she came again and collapsed onto him, her tits pressed against his chest, her face buried into his neck.
After a short rest, Maria climbed off of Thomas and hurriedly untied his feet. She then flopped down on her back beside him, raised her knees and spread them wide.
"Hey, Lisa, I'm sorry I only gave you a tour of the front of his body before. He's going to climb on me now and finish himself. Watch the way his cute little ass flexes when he drives into me and watch the muscles in his back as he works. Watch your hot man fuck this little island girl to death."
With that, Thomas rolled onto Maria, slipped his cock inside and began slowly fucking her, grinding his pelvis against her each time he reached bottom. He'd had plenty of stimulation and, now that he was in control, it only took him a couple of minutes until he felt his orgasm rising. He took a couple more deep strokes and then settled down on top of Maria while his cock shot jet after jet of cum deep inside her. It freaked him out for just a second before he remembered that island girls couldn't get pregnant that way. And, with that thought, he leaned down and began gently kissing her.
After some time, Thomas rolled off Maria and lay flat on his back beside her, totally spent. Lisa untangled herself from Juan, who seemed quite ready for round two, and went to get Maria a towel to clean up with. Then, Lisa laid down beside Thomas and rested her head on his shoulder. Once Maria had wiped up most of the mess, she went to the bathroom, soaked a washcloth in warm water and came back and cleaned up Thomas' sticky cock. Finally, she pulled a sheet up over them both.
"My guy appears to want another round and you two appear to need some sleep. Our place isn't far and, I think Juan can walk in this condition, so we're going home. He's busy the rest of the week, so you might not see him again. If you can, please sleep in until I bring breakfast. And, if you don't mind, I'll bring breakfast for three, I'm eager to check in with you both."
"Thank-you, Maria, we'd love to share breakfast with you," Lisa answered sleepily, "Juan, kiss me goodbye."
Juan leaned down and kissed Lisa gently on the lips.
"Thank-you," she whispered.
"My pleasure," he replied.
And, with that, Maria took Juan by his eager cock and led him out the door, both of them naked, their clothes still strewn about Lisa and Thomas' bungalow.