If you're new to this series, please take note: this story is in the Nonconsent category. In addition, this episode includes pervasive humiliation. If those elements don't appeal to you, you should choose a different story.
This story is a fantasy. The author does not condone any real-world nonconsensual touching or sexual activity, infliction of pain or emotional distress, or mistreatment of any person. Any resemblance to actual persons or events is strictly coincidental.
The author wishes to acknowledge the very helpful feedback provided by GreenandGolden and neuroparenthetical.
Tysons Corner, Virginia, October 2007
With considerable effort, Amanda heaved open the massive swinging restaurant door and stepped up to the podium.
The middle-aged maître d' looked her up and down for a long moment. "Welcome to Good Time Charlie's," he said to her chest. "How may I help you?"
Amanda sighed and swept a lock of dark hair behind her ear. "My reservation's under Stevens, party of two."
He checked his ledger. "Yes. Your friend is already seated." He led the way past the bar, where a horde of young men in sharp suits hoisted frosty beer steins and eyed scattered clusters of heavily made-up young women. Automatically, Amanda scanned their faces but didn't spot any agents or other CIA employees.
The back room was nearly empty, and considerably quieter, and Amanda had no difficulty spotting Michelle. As she gave her good friend a heartfelt squeeze, the waiter appeared, and over her shoulder, she told him, "One Cosmopolitan, one Tanqueray and tonic." She took the armchair opposite. "Thanks for meeting me, Michelle. It's been too long."
Michelle nodded. "Seems like we're never in town at the same time anymore. The price of success, I suppose." Her expression turned somber. "This is my first time out since filing for divorce."
Their table was long and narrow, and as Amanda slid her chair forward, her knee bumped Michelle's. "Oops. My God, I'm so sorry to hear that. I never thought you two would split up. The way Dirk looked at you, he obviously worshipped you."
Not for the first time, she was dazzled by Michelle's striking appearance. The warm glow of the stained-glass lamps shimmered off her cascading blonde tresses, forming a halo around her face before leading Amanda's eye downward along the neckline of her daring blouse to her dramatic cleavage. She let her gaze linger, and the urge to caress Michelle's breast caught her by surprise. She'd never acknowledged (even to herself) an attraction to another woman. She felt heat on her face.
Michelle seemed not to notice. "So I thought. I mean, I always knew he did the initial exams for all the female CIA candidates, so he had his entire forearm up a different woman's pussy every day. After all, that's how we met. But he always claimed doctors maintain a clinical detachment. To hear him tell it, he never felt aroused, or even attracted, no matter how beautiful they were. When I --" Her mouth twisted, and for a moment she struggled to continue. "When I discovered he sometimes tried to make the prettiest ones cum during the exam, and even kept pictures and video clips, it was such a shock."
Amanda blushed again and took a sip of her drink to hide her discomfort. A memory intruded: an image of her own body, strapped to Dirk Miller's examining table, her slender wrists tethered to the hard point above her head, her arms stretched taut. Her back bowed, her quivering breasts bared, exposed to his view, unprotected, available to his whim.
Her feet secured within his surgical boots, her forehead glistening beneath the harsh lights, her features contorting as she strained helplessly against her unyielding bonds, as Miller roughly levered her thighs apart, tightening his clamps to hold her long legs fully splayed.
The snap of his latex gloves, the cold slickness of his lubricant, his eager touch as he spread her labia with one hand, penetrating her with the other, thrusting his long fingers deep into her womb. His callous indifference to her own discomfort and shame.
"Amanda? Are you listening?"
"Oh. Michelle, I'm so sorry. I was just, um, remembering the day Dirk examined me. I've tried to forget it, but it just came flooding back."
"You mentioned before that he did your exam. Frankly, I always found that idea upsetting. And I always worried Percy would send you back to him for habituation. You're so beautiful. Dirk would have fallen in love with you." Her knee brushed the inside of Amanda's thigh.
For a moment, Amanda was tongue tied. She actually had seen Miller for habituation, but this clearly wasn't the moment to volunteer that fact. Instead, she just nodded, thinking the suggestion that anyone could compete with Michelle's own beauty was ridiculous. Feeling a tingling along the inside of her bare thigh, she shifted her leg away.
Michelle's cheek twitched. "Once I overheard him talking about you. I bet you're one of the poor women he shackled to his exam table." She scoffed. "Of course, he did. I'm so sorry."
As she continued, her voice quavered. "No doubt he kept pictures of you. Did he make you cum? No, don't answer that. Maybe one day, when my heart's not so... raw."
Amanda blotted the perspiration from her forehead, trying to concentrate on her genuine sympathy for her friend's predicament instead of her own shame. "In the end, was it the other women? Is that why you decided on divorce?"
Michelle nodded, then covered Amanda's hand with her own. "I'm sorry, I'm crying in my Cosmo and never asking about you. How're you holding up? When is your divorce final?"
Amanda huffed and rolled her eyes. "Not for months. I agreed to give Jason the townhouse, but now he wants alimony, can you believe it?" She waved her hand. "I'll let my attorney deal with that. I'm focusing on the next training session at the Farm. Percy told me yesterday that you'll be an instructor too!"
Michelle nodded repeatedly. "I so didn't want to be the only woman. Now we can watch each other's backs and rein them in if they try any bullshit."
"Exactly. But first, I have to go to New Jersey." She curled her lip.
"They're making you do that sting on your old priest?"
"Yeah. I'm driving up tomorrow. Hopefully just for a week. We can work together on our training when I get back."
"Perfect." They clinked glasses.
* * *
Sunday morning, the day after her drive to New Jersey, Amanda rose early, eager for a run around her old neighborhood before church. If she pushed herself hard for a few miles, it might release the knot of tension across her shoulders.
As she fell into a demanding pace, she detoured to avoid her old best friend Katharine's street. Katharine was unlikely to be outside at this early hour, but she couldn't risk being seen from her window. Amanda hadn't spoken to her since their falling out, over a year ago, but she was certain her friend remained close with Monsignor Urbino -- a closeness that had deepened when the two worked together on the church bazaar -- and Amanda didn't think she could look her in the eye and lie about the purpose of her visit.
Returning home an hour later, she hopped into the shower, thinking how strange it felt to be back in her old room with its pink walls and frilly curtains. Eventually she'd move into the master bedroom suite. However, the prospect of cleaning out her father's belongings remained daunting.
As she dried and styled her hair, she remembered again what she had to do that morning, and her stomach churned. It was better not to think about it. Stepping into her walk-in closet, she put on a thin sleeveless acrylic top and a scarlet leather skirt.
In the mirror, she saw her top fit closely around her bust, and its inverted chevron pattern drew the eye to a sliver of exposed midriff. Her stylish skirt stretched taut across the swell of her butt and accentuated her long legs. Both items were too provocative for her own taste, but they matched precisely with her instructions. She couldn't help noticing the way the clothing flattered her curves, and for a moment she struck a runway model's pose, cocking her hip and pouting for her imaginary audience.
However, she was all too aware that this morning's destination was Sunday Mass, not a fashion show. Her ensemble was inappropriate to the point of disrespect, but she had no choice. She told herself she'd seen far worse on a few of her contemporaries, who boldly knelt at the rail for communion in skimpy halter tops and miniskirts that barely covered their panties. After returning to her vanity to apply her makeup, she set out for Our Lady of Mercy.
Arriving very early, and finding the nave deserted, she chose an inconspicuous seat by herself. While she waited, she began to perspire despite the cool draft blowing on her bare legs and shoulders. As the church began to fill, she kept her head down, hoping to avoid being recognized. When the service finally began and she spotted Monsignor Urbino, her heart thudded in her chest, but she absorbed herself in the comforting familiarity of the liturgy.
The service passed quickly. When it ended, she lingered behind as the congregation thronged the aisles and Urbino took his place by the door. He looks happy, she thought as she watched him greet his parishioners. He has no idea the shitstorm she was about to unleash on him. Immediately she slapped her own hand for thinking such a vulgarity in church. Not so long ago, her devout upbringing would have compelled her to confess such a thought, but her behavior over the last year had rendered that idea ridiculous.
There were still several others ahead of her when he looked up and met her eye, and his jaunty demeanor vanished. His face darkened and he stared right through her. As the man in front of him spoke to him and extended his hand, unheard and unseen, she remembered his long string of calls and messages, none of which she'd answered. The hair stood up on the nape of her neck. She glanced toward the side door.
"Amanda."
He hadn't raised his voice, but his low tone cut through the surrounding clamor like a sharp scythe through tall, slender blades of dewy grass. An instant later, she was startled to find herself directly in front of him, grasping his extended arm through the sleeve of his black cassock. He frowned his disdain for her skimpy blouse and short skirt, then leaned forward and put his mouth to her ear.
"Go to my office. Wait for me." He gave her a baleful look, his eyes as black as coal.
To her right, motion drew her eye. At the bottom of the stairs, her old friend Katherine stood waiting in the sunshine, grinning, flapping her arm in an exaggerated wave hello as she bounced on her tiptoes.
Surprised and overwhelmed by her enthusiasm, Amanda struggled to maintain her composure. But now was the worst possible time for this reunion. She forced herself to turn away, her eyes brimming.
Inside the empty church, the sexton switched off the lights, casting the center aisle into gloom. When she finally glanced back over her shoulder, Katherine still watched her, but she was no longer smiling or waving.
As Amanda retreated further into the darkened church, she asked herself what had become of her. How could she reject her best friend so coldly?
Now she forced herself to confront the truth. The rift between them was completely her own fault. She couldn't blame Katherine any longer. Her heart ached.
Exiting the side door, she entered a courtyard, making her way down one side, beneath a covered walk. Just then, a dark cloud crossed in front of the sun, and the changing light played tricks on her eyes. In the row of windows lining the walk, where she'd seen the reflection of a towering oak, she now saw into the dimly lit room beyond. Against the far wall, she imagined she saw her 18-year-old self, standing in her father's study, wearing only her new black lace bra and panties, anxiously waiting for Monsignor to mete out his punishment for her depraved vanity.
The sky brightened, and the vision faded. After taking a moment to catch her breath and slow her pounding heart, she resumed her walk, but as she passed through the door and climbed the stairs, she shivered at the cold finger of dread that traced its way down her spine.
Urbino's office was open, and she sat down, not in the chair by his desk but at one end of his long sofa. She placed her handbag on the carved oak end table and reached inside to activate the camera concealed within.
She remembered her instructions from Lieutenant Ruiz of the Special Investigations Section of the New Jersey State Police. "Make him mad. He'll become careless." With an effort, she undid the first two buttons of her blouse, reddening when she saw the exposed inner edges of her breasts. God forgive me, she whispered to herself.
But please, in his anger, let Monsignor not spank me too hard, she continued, and let him stop there, as he always had in the past, even though she deserved much worse. The two recent complainants had accused him of inappropriate touching. The unwanted image of Urbino putting his hands on her breasts, or worse, between her legs, was almost too much to bear, and she pushed it from her mind.
A minute later, Monsignor's heavy footfalls echoed in the stairwell. When he entered, he closed and bolted the door, switched on the overhead lights, and closed the venetian blinds.
"Get up."
She rose, feeling her knees begin to shake as his imposing presence reactivated old memories -- memories so powerful and painful they threatened to overwhelm the self-confidence instilled by her training and experience.
With a scowl, he grasped her beneath her jaw, pressing his sweaty fingers into her cheeks until her lips puckered.
"You haven't visited," he said in his low, menacing growl. "I've been your priest since you were born, but now you don't even return my calls." He waved his arm at her body. "And now you disrespect me again." He put his hands on her shoulders and shoved her backward.
She sat down hard on the sofa. He stood over her, glowering, his massive form casting her into shadow.
After a moment, she rose again, unsteadily. When he reached for her shoulders, she put her hands on his wrists, but he roughly knocked her hands away and pushed her down again, harder.
He's plenty mad enough, she thought.
He gripped her by her hair, tilting her head back. "Why are you here? Did you come to mock me further?"
She tried to shake her head. "I need your wise counsel."
He snorted. "You've become a miserable little slut, just as I feared. Do you even attend mass anymore?"
She flinched. "Of course, I do!"
"When was your last confession?"
She bit her lip. "More than a year ago."
He sucked his teeth. "Kneel."
The kneeler he normally kept in his office was nowhere in sight. Carefully she put her bare knees on the polished hardwood floor, bowed her head, and sat back on her heels. "Forgive me, father, for I have sinned. It's been fourteen months since my last confession."
Urbino recited a short passage from the Bible, then waited.
She took a deep breath and stole an upward glance. "I've committed fornication."
He sneered at her. "Just as I thought. How many times?"
Her chin quivered. "Forty-two men. I don't, um, actually know how many times. It was a lot."
"Obviously." He paced back and forth, shaking his head. "It's true, then. You've become a whore. This would kill your father, if he weren't already dead."
She fought to contain the flood of tears that filled her eyes. "Yes."
"No doubt you've committed sodomy, as well."
The corners of her mouth turned down. "Yes."
"How many times?"
"Over a hundred." She blinked, and felt her tears stream down her cheeks.
"What kind of sodomy?"
She swallowed the lump in her throat, and spoke in a low voice, her face turned away.
"I can't hear you. Speak up."
She cleared her throat and forced herself to meet his eye. "I've taken them in my mouth and swallowed their seed."
"How shameful."
She lowered her eyes. "I've let them spurt on my face and in my hair."
"Disgusting."
"Sometimes, I've used my hand. A few times, they've come on my body. That one's not as popular." She grimaced.
His expression suggested he'd tasted rancid meat. "Probably not. But you get plenty of returning customers, just the same. How much do they pay? You must charge quite a lot."
She wanted to contradict him, but she couldn't manage to respond.
"Do you still wear a whore's underwear, and use your body to torment men? Don't bother answering, I'll see for myself."
Grasping her hair again, he hauled her up, and she struggled to get her feet beneath herself. "I warned you, didn't I? 'You reap what you sow.' And I promised your sainted father, God rest his soul. 'The damage may be done,' I told him, 'and I may not save her from the fires of hell, but I'll show her the path of the righteous.' And he thanked me, but he made me promise."
He turned her to face the huge wooden crucifix which hung over his sofa. "Your father said, 'She's a young woman now, beautiful and obstinate, but don't let that distract you from your responsibility. When she transgresses, you must be strong, and merciless. You must not spare her bottom. It's the only deterrent that's ever worked.' And I promised him. But I never imagined you'd commit such grave sins."
At his words, her hands grew cold, and she wrapped her arms around herself. His reminder of her father's concern for her brought fresh tears to her eyes, but it was her fear of Monsignor's punishment that filled her with foreboding.
I should have better prepared myself mentally, she thought to herself. But she knew why she hadn't done so: she couldn't bear to face her past transgressions, nor could she acknowledge the extent to which she'd disappointed her late father.
"We both know why you're here. You know what's going to happen. What my duty compels me to do. If you get into position voluntarily, it will count in your favor."
She bit her lip. Lieutenant Ruiz had been very specific: she must avoid any hint of compliance. She closed her eyes, clasped her hands together, and waited.
"I'll remind you, in case you've forgotten. Put your blouse and skirt on the sofa, bend over the back of the chair, and hold onto the arms."
Again, she didn't move.
He's going to do it, she thought. He's going to force me to strip.
She turned her head and caught sight of her handbag, its tiny aperture concealed in the corner stitching. Tomorrow, she thought, I'll give the camera to Lieutenant Ruiz. He'd promised they'd watch the recording together. Along with his team.
Including Detective Zach Dietrick, who was young, tall, and muscular. His partner, Detective Devin Kim, was equally fit and imposing, and almost as attractive. They'd all watch her taking off her clothes. Despite her shame, she felt a stirring in her lower core.
With a sigh, Urbino undid the knot in the braided cincture that served as the belt for his cassock, then used the long cord to tie her hands behind her back.
Now I'm helpless, she thought to herself, her pulse quickening. I'm not responsible for whatever happens next. I'm not tempting Monsignor to break his vows.
And I'm not teasing Ruiz and his team, either, she continued. The entire operation was his idea, not mine. If Zach and Devin see me in my bra and panties, and get excited, they have nobody to blame but themselves.
She realized Urbino was running his fingertips along the waistband of her short leather skirt. He found the zipper and ran it down, then slid the garment past her hips, letting it crumple around her feet.
The hem of her top barely reached her waist. She knew her panties were exposed. Her cheeks pinked.
Turning her to face him, he looked down at her chest. Following his gaze to the wedge of pale skin visible between the two buttons she'd unfastened, she bit her lip and forced herself to arch her back and lean forward, knowing it would further inflame his desire. She felt the weight of her breasts shift.
He swallowed visibly and extended a trembling hand to grasp her third button, and she felt her placket open further. Then his fingers worked the final button, and her blouse fell fully open.
"Those are the same black lace bra and panties. You did that to thumb your nose at me."
Mutely, she shook her head. She'd retired that particular old matched set years ago, but now she realized how similar these looked.
He put his palm between her shoulder blades and bent her over the back of the armchair, then unlashed her wrists long enough to refasten them to the front legs of the chair. Moving around to the back, he pulled at her ankles in turn, drawing them apart, then used the remaining cord to secure them to the back legs of the chair.
Amanda rested her forehead against the soft cushion that formed the seat. The back of the chair was also well padded, and the position was not yet uncomfortable, although she was immobile and quite helpless. Her unhappiness had more to do with her dress, or lack thereof, the vulnerable, humiliating position in which she'd been placed, and the blows she knew he would soon inflict on her backside.
She wondered who else might see the video. Would the prosecutor show it in court? That would be extremely embarrassing. In this position, bent over so far with her legs spread wide, her shapely bottom was the center of attention, and her bikini panties gave little coverage.
From the center drawer of his desk, Urbino took a riding crop. She had only a moment to glimpse this new implement and contemplate its import before she felt an intense burning in the center of her left buttock. A second later, her right buttock lit up, and then the strikes came so quickly they merged into a conflagration consuming her entire bottom. She gritted her teeth and clamped her lips together, stifling her own cries.
After a minute, he paused. "Not even a whimper?"
She kept silent, unwilling to give him the satisfaction of knowing the pain he inflicted.
"Those little panties don't protect you much. But let's try it with them down, just the same."
Her hands strained against their bonds, but the cord held them immobile. She felt the elastic drag over the points of her hipbones and along the outsides of her thighs, stopping at her knees. The material was stretched so tight, it dug into her flesh, and she thought about how far apart her ankles were spread, and the low angle of the camera.
They'll be seeing my pussy now, she thought. It's extremely humiliating, but it's not my fault. Monsignor is doing it to me.
Then his whipping resumed, giving extra attention to the previously covered skin closer to her crack. She tried to focus her attention on the sound of her own ragged breathing.
After a time, the blows abated, and he loosened the bonds holding her wrists and ankles. Straightening up, she groaned and reached down for her panties, gingerly pulling them back into place.
"No," he said, wrenching them back down. Automatically, she turned away as they settled around her ankles. Putting his hand to her back, he sprung the catch on her bra, and when she felt the straps go slack, she brought her hands to the cups. He pulled the straps off her shoulders and tugged at them with increasing force until he wrested the garment from her fingers.
"Turn toward me."
She ignored his command. After a moment, he grasped her shoulders and spun her around.
Flicking her eyes toward the lens of the camera, she covered her vulva with her hand and pressed her forearm across her breasts.
"Hands behind your back. Leave them there, or I'll tie them again."
No compliance, she reminded herself. She lifted her chin. "No."
His face darkened. Holding her forearm in a crushing grip, he wrenched it away from her chest, exposing her breasts. Again knotting his cincture around her wrist, he pried her other hand away from her crotch. She thrashed, but he easily overpowered her. When he had her hands tied together, he fashioned a loop and snapped it upward, catching it on a nail protruding from a ceiling beam. He hauled on the cord until her hands were tethered high above her head.
She watched his eyes move from her exposed vulva to her breasts and back again, and she felt new heat on her face. The camera now captured a full-frontal view of her body, and she imagined the reactions of Ruiz's detectives. They'd all be riveted, but it was the thought of Detective Dietrick that made her squeeze her thighs together.
When she looked up, she saw Urbino still stared at her with an expression suggestive of a starving man, and she rolled her eyes. As he appeared to engage himself in an internal struggle, he licked his lips, and when his baser instincts prevailed and he reached for her breast, it was as if she'd been cast in a play she'd performed countless times before. She sighed and shifted her hip.
Now, he's going to wrap his hand around it, and squeeze it, and heft it, and watch it jiggle, she told herself. As she knew he would, he brought his other hand to her right breast, and in his face, she saw his pleasure. He tweaked her nipples, making them harden, and she noticed the bulge tenting the front of his vestment.
There, now he's done it, she thought to herself. He's assaulted me. I've fulfilled Ruiz's minimum requirements. Now I can leave, just as soon as he unties me.
But when Urbino released her breast, it was not to free her from her bonds. Instead, he slid his hand down her sternum and across her belly, leaving no doubt about his destination. Her chest heaved, and she looked back at him with narrowed eyes, her nostrils flaring, as she pressed her knees together tightly.
"No, Monsignor, please."
He raised his voice, and she sensed his barely controlled fury. "You're already a whore. Don't add false pride to your sins." He tried to force his hand between her clenched thighs.
He's right, she thought, I am a whore, a hundred times over. Her knees buckled, and she felt the cord chafe her wrists as her body sagged.
Let him do his worst, she thought, what's one more?
Now his hand found no resistance. When he pushed her legs apart, and his fumbling fingers found the accumulated wetness between her labia, she released the whimpers she'd been fighting to contain.
A moment later, she heard his cassock fall to the floor. Then he was turning her to face him, pulling her body against his own sweaty corpulence, pushing his hips between her thighs.
This wasn't supposed to happen. He'd never penetrated any of the other women. Ruiz had told her to leave as soon as she had video of inappropriate touching. But neither of them had expected her to be bound. Now, as Urbino lifted her knees, letting her arms take her full weight, it was obvious he had other plans. She was about to get fucked.
He covered her mouth with his own, and she twisted her face away from him. As she felt him rub his hard shaft against her entrance, she murmured a prayer for mercy.
It just couldn't happen again. Not by force, against her will. Not while she was bound, strung up, and completely helpless.
He barked out a short laugh. "There'll be no mercy for you here today." He pushed himself inside her.
* * *
The next morning, Amanda veered onto the exit ramp from I-80, swung into the parking lot of the Totowa headquarters of Troop B of the New Jersey State Police, and parked. Stepping out of her Mercedes, she straightened her knee-length pencil skirt and checked to see that her conservative blouse and suit jacket were properly buttoned.
Whore, said the voice in her head. Impostor. Hypocrite.
Priest fucker.
She put her hand over her mouth and waited for the trembling in her lip to subside. Then she drew a deep breath and headed inside.
"I'm here to see Lieutenant Miguel Ruiz," she told the desk sergeant.
A minute later, Ruiz appeared and escorted her to a conference room.
"Amanda, meet Trooper Kelvin Dorsey and Trooper Seymour Minkus. They're managing evidence collection and research in support of this investigation. You already know Detectives Dietrick and Kim."
After shaking Zach Dietrick's offered hand and returning Devin Kim's friendly smile, she nodded at the two new troopers. Kelvin met her eyes and then blushed and looked away. Seymour leered at her.
Ruiz sat down at the head of the table. "If you can give Seymour the camera, we can get started."
Amanda took the only remaining seat, to his left. The hard chair reanimated the pain in her sore bottom, and she stifled a gasp as she leaned closer, speaking to him in a low voice. "Could I show you the video privately?"
Ruiz gave her a sad smile, as he squeezed her arm. "I'm sorry, Amanda, but my men need to see the tape, accompanied by your live commentary. They're building the case, and their interpretations must match your testimony."
She nodded, feeling a weight in the pit of her stomach. Reaching into her handbag, she removed the camera and handed it to Seymour. He flashed another grin and plugged a cable into the camera. After a couple of mouse clicks, the monitor came to life. The initial seconds of the recording showed her undoing the first two buttons of her blouse. All five men watched closely.
"You wore that blouse to church?" said Seymour.
Amanda winced.
"I told her to," said Ruiz. "Part of the plan."
Seymour nodded. "Still, pretty ballsy."
A moment later, Ruiz pointed at the monitor and asked, "What's happening?"
"I'm making confession." Hoping not to elaborate, she bit her lip.
"Skip ahead," he said to Seymour. When the video resumed, Urbino held her by her hair.
"What's happening now?"
"He told me to take off my blouse and skirt, and I refused, so he's tying my hands." She felt her throat tighten. "Now he's, um, unzipping my skirt. But I guess you can see that."
"Back it up. Now pause. Now continue." Ruiz looked at Kelvin. "Make a note. At 12:05, Urbino demands removal of clothing. At 12:19, Amada refuses. At 12:31, he ties her hands. At 13:38, he takes off her skirt. Blouse follows at... 14:26. What's this?"
"He's binding me to the chair, hand and foot. He's going to whip me with a riding crop."
"Fuck," said Seymour.
On the screen, Urbino swung his crop, striking her bottom with a series of audible smacks. The room remained so quiet that Amanda could hear her own heart pounding in her ears. The video continued until Urbino put down his crop and began to untie her.
"Pause," said Ruiz, clearing his throat. "Note the point where he, um, pulls down her panties."
"Noted," said Kelvin, without taking his eyes from the screen. "That was at 15:44."
Amanda noticed the monitor still showed her bent over, with her panties around her knees, her legs spread wide. She flushed.
Reflexively, she glanced at Detective Dietrick. The modest part of her hoped he wasn't paying attention, but another part of her, centered deep in her core, hoped to find him riveted. Finding his eyes glued to the screen, she felt a lump form in her throat.
"How good is the resolution?" Ruiz wanted to know.
"1080p," said Seymour. "The ultra-high-def camera was too big for her handbag."
"See if you can get a sharp eight by ten print of that shot. Prosecutor Barrington will introduce that as a separate exhibit."
Zach nodded. "To shock the jury and build sympathy. Although it might be even more effective if he's swinging the crop."
"Good suggestion, Detective." Ruiz turned toward Seymour. "Just make sure her panties are already down."
"By all means," said Amanda, sputtering as her voice rose. "In fact, why don't you print a closeup of my pussy on the front page of the New York Times." The corners of her mouth inverted, and she turned her face away.
Ruiz put his hand on her shoulder and turned her chair toward him. "Hey, I understand this process is a little embarrassing. I warned you about that. But outbursts aren't helpful."
From the other side, Devin handed her a box of tissues. "We all sympathize, but we can't have any disruptions in court. This is a good chance for you to practice keeping your emotions in check."
Amanda took two tissues and blotted her eyes, frowning when she saw a trace of her expensive, supposedly waterproof, mascara. She saw their point, but they failed to see hers: She was a victim, and now he and his team were re-victimizing her. The suggestion this somehow prepared her for another, more public re-victimization during the trial was outrageous.
She realized the video had resumed and now showed her battling with Urbino over her underwear.
"Noting panties taken down for the second time at 17:17. Bra removed at 17:53," said Kelvin. "Replacement of ligatures on victim's wrists at 18:42, and, um...."
"Full-frontal view, with restraints, at 19:12," said Ruiz in a husky voice. Kelvin typed the entry into his log.
Seymour snickered as he paused the video again. "Would you like another still print here, sir?"
Ruiz nodded, then studied the screen for a long moment.
Amanda sighed and shifted in her seat, wincing anew when her bottom flared up again. "Now you've seen every inch of me, bared for your enjoyment," she said in a brittle voice. "Can we move ahead, please?"
As the video resumed, Amanda saw Zach shift in his seat and move his note pad to cover his crotch. She uncrossed and recrossed her legs, above the knee.
"Sexual contact, Urbino's hand on Amanda's breast, at 20:07," said Kelvin. "Now both hands, both breasts at 20:54."
"Holy mother of God," she heard Zach whisper, as they watched Urbino's hands deform her soft flesh, groping her again and again, rolling her nipples between his fingers until her head lolled back. She watched Zach's face, saw him wet his lips, as she relived the moment, imagining it was his hands clutching her breasts.
He loves them, she thought, he dreams of holding them. He'd be gentle, and considerate, she just knew it. He'd take his time. As she pressed her lips together to hide her smile, she realized she was wet.
Kelvin's voice intruded. "Penetration at 22:15." His keyboard clacked.
Her eyes cut to the screen, and she saw it was true. Urbino stood between her thighs, thrusting forward at a steady rhythm. Fucking her with abandon.
In the aftermath, she'd tried to convince herself this part had never happened. Tried to deny the sticky evidence coating her upper thighs, continuing to drip from her long after she thought she'd washed it all away. No matter how many times she showered, there was always more, soiling her fresh panties, reminding her of her disgraceful behavior and the stain it left behind.
* * *
Summit, New Jersey, One Week Later
Amanda awoke to mid-morning sun and forced herself to get up. While she peed, her stomach rumbled, reminding her she'd eaten only a bowl of cereal the day before. A glance in the mirror confirmed she looked terrible.
With a sigh, she drew herself up to her full height. No more moping around, she admonished herself. Time to do some chores. She put on an old, threadbare t-shirt with a torn hem and a fraying denim skirt and wrapped a worn cotton scarf around her disheveled hair.
By noon, she'd filled more than 20 bags with her late father's clothes and hauled them to her car. Mopping her forehead, she decided to make herself a tomato sandwich. Before she could finish it, the doorbell chimed.
"Detective Dietrick? What're you doing here?"
Shit, she thought, if I'd known I was having company, I'd have showered and done my hair. She certainly wouldn't have worn these ratty clothes. She didn't even have a bra on. Seeing his eyes dip, she crossed her arms over her chest.
Since their last meeting to review the video, she'd thought of Dietrick more than once. In particular, she couldn't forget his lustful expression when he'd seen her completely naked.
Now she realized she was grinning at him inanely. She dropped her smile and hoped he hadn't noticed.
He leaned against one of the columns supporting the portico. "Please, call me Zach. I have an update on your case."
She nodded, wondering absently if State Police policy permitted detectives to date their clients.
"Can I come in? I can't stay long, I left Seymour out in the car." He pointed at an unmarked car some distance down the block.
"Oh. Of course." Her cheeks pink, she turned and led him across an imposing marble-tiled front hall and through double doors into a formally furnished living room. Motioning him toward a paisley patterned wingback chair, she sat on a powder blue crushed velvet sofa opposite him.
Setting a stack of files on the coffee table, he loosened his tie, leaned forward, and rested his arms on his knees. "Urbino cut a deal with the county prosecutor's office. He pled to one count of aggravated assault. He'll get...." He referred to one of his files. "Six months' probation, a $5,000 fine, and 500 hours of community service. And he'll leave the priesthood."
She was taken aback. "No jail time? And no sex offender status?"
He shook his head. "First offense. Plus, we don't have the strongest case anymore."
She tilted her head. "I don't understand. I did the deposition."
He studied his fingernails for a moment before he met her eye. "The judge ruled your prior sexual history is admissible. In full. Urbino's attorney claims you've had hundreds of sexual partners in the last year. He found someone in Virginia to corroborate that."
Her face darkened, and she thrust out her jaw. "I can't believe it. I did everything you asked. I even let him tie me up." She choked back a sob. "He did unspeakable things to me. All for nothing."
"No, not for nothing. He's a felon now, and no longer a priest. But it would have been for nothing if we'd gone to trial." He looked away. "How do I put this delicately? His witness in Virginia claims you're into bondage. That you enjoy being tied up?"
She slumped lower on the sofa and cast her eyes toward the expensive Safavid Persian carpet. After a long moment, she gave a single nod. "Sometimes."
"We'd never convince a jury your sex with Urbino was non-consensual."
She grimaced, seeing his point.
"Anyway," he continued, "Lieutenant Ruiz asked me to return these to you." He handed her a file folder. "You can keep them, or I can destroy them if you want."
Opening the folder, she found a thick stack of eight by ten photos. The top one showed her naked, bent over Urbino's guest chair, legs spread wide, as he whipped her red bottom with his riding crop. She made a face and quickly shut the folder.
Then she realized that Zach had already studied these photos, probably multiple times. He might even have kept personal copies.
Apparently, he found her attractive. Would he have touched himself while he looked at them? The idea was exciting. She wanted him to desire her.
When she looked up, she caught him staring. She realized her short skirt had slid up. He could see her panties.
Her first impulse was to sit up and straighten her hem, but before she moved, she stopped herself. What if she let him keep looking?
She blushed fiercely now, but she tore her eyes away from his, forcing herself to watch the birds flittering among the branches in her back yard. Her legs were together, but as she fidgeted, she let her left knee creep outward. Her nipples hardened, and she knew they'd show through her thin, tattered t-shirt.
Whore, said her inner voice. Shut up, she whispered to herself.
Abruptly, she twisted in her seat, pushing her right knee up onto the cushion beside her, and she felt her hem climb further up her thigh. Without looking, she knew he could see the crotch of her panties. Was there a visible wet spot?
Zach was trying to say something about supervisory probation procedures, but now she heard him start to repeat himself. Putting on an innocent expression, she stretched her arms over her head, arching her back and thrusting her chest forward, and he stammered again. She burst out laughing.
Red faced, he smiled back at her. "You're a naughty young woman." He wagged his finger at her. "In fact, that body of yours might be illegal. I'll have to run you in."
She shrank back, but he gripped her forearm and pulled her to her feet. "You're not going to make any trouble, are you?"
His first touch electrified her, and the ease with which he lifted her was both thrilling and frightening. She was alone in her house. But his even features and broad smile reassured her.
She grinned at him. "What if I did?" Her voice climbed into a higher register. "A woman, resisting arrest. That'd be a quandary for a handsome young detective, all alone with an important witness, wouldn't it?"
She twisted her toe into the carpet, looking up at him through her long eyelashes. "I mean, if I claimed you put your hands on me, there wouldn't be anyone else to say different, would there?"
Then she saw his smile fall away, saw his eyes narrow as his muscles tensed. Uh oh, she said to herself, you may have gone too far. What were you thinking?
Before she could react, he had cuffed her hands in front of her.
Uncertainty clouded her features. She'd wanted his attention, and hoped he'd be moved to act on his obvious interest, but she hadn't expected to be bound. Games could be fun, but this one was dangerous. Her mind flashed to the scene in Urbino's office, her memory of those events still too caustic to contemplate, and she shivered.
He scanned the room, rubbing his chin, then led her back to the front hall and beneath the grand, curving floating staircase. It took him only a moment to slip the handcuffs around one of the heavy wrought iron balusters and re-shackle her with her hands above her head. He dropped the key onto the nearby console table, atop the folder of photos.
She turned to face him, feeling the warmth of the afternoon sun streaming through the double height windows, and tugged ineffectually at her restraints. Her cheek twitched, and she blinked rapidly. "Let me go."
Stepping back, he looked her up and down. "You look just like in the video." He smirked. "Now, do that thing you did a minute ago. You know, stick out your tits."
She worked her jaw. "No."
Again, she saw his expression harden, and suddenly the temperature was too warm. With her arms raised high, she could smell her own sweat.
It's your own fault, she thought. You shouldn't have teased him.
This is your chance, said another voice. He's a hunk. Don't spoil it.
With a sigh, she arched her back again, feeling her cotton t-shirt stretch taut across the swell of her chest. She bit her lip, watching his face.
He stared, licking his lips. "Your nipples are hard."
He grasped the hem of her flimsy shirt and ripped it apart, leaving the shredded remnants hanging, and took her breasts in his hands. "Ever since I saw you naked, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you."
At his touch, her breath caught in her throat. The sensory stimulus magnified the animal attraction drawing her toward him. Noticing the way his muscles bulged against the confines of his dress shirt, she longed to put her hands on his body, to slip them inside his clothing and feel his smooth, lightly tanned skin beneath her fingertips.
But the steel bracelets brought her up short, reminding her of her helplessness. This lopsided power dynamic was not the one she'd imagined. She mewled a protest into the side of his neck.
He untied her scarf and laced his fingers through her dark mane. Pulling her head back, he kissed her, slipping his tongue into her mouth. Maintaining his grip on her breast, he popped the button off her skirt, sending it skittering into the corner, and pushed the garment down her hips, letting it slide to the floor. A moment later, her panties landed on top.
Again, he stepped back, admiring her naked body in the bright sunlight. "You're even more beautiful than I remembered."
Through the window, she saw a UPS truck turn into her street. "Close the curtains. People can see."
"I don't care," he snorted, squeezing her bottom. "Tell me what you like." He showed his teeth. "I bet you like it rough. I'm going to make you cum so hard." He gave her butt a sharp slap.
"No," she mumbled, knowing her denial was unconvincing. Yes, give it to me hard, she wanted to say. Show me how much you want me. Hammer my pussy. Maul my breasts. Be merciless.
Hurt me.
This last thought brought tears to her eyes, and she turned away, unwilling to let him see the emotions roiling her face. This was a horrifying impulse, one she couldn't express, or even countenance.
When another slap fell on her backside, her brow furrowed, and she suppressed a yelp. Even after a week, her backside hadn't fully healed.
Turning back, she saw motion in her front yard. There was something familiar about the figure making his way up her flagstone walk. He stopped, studied the house number, and began flipping the pages of his tiny notepad. "Oh, no, it's Seymour. Close the curtains. Quick, he's almost here!"
He scoffed. "That jackass. He talked about you the whole way here. I told him three times to stay in the fucking car."
Putting his hands behind her knees, he lifted her. "I'm going to do you now, just like in the video. That priest was an asshole, but he sure gave you a good fucking."
The head of his cock nestled between her slick labia, seeking entry, and she felt herself beginning to stretch, attempting to accommodate him. He felt impossibly thick. She couldn't ever remember being so wet.
But with her doorbell positioned to the right of the large sidelight window, there was no way Seymour would fail to see her. "Please, Zach. He's creepy, and he knows my name and address."
"You're so fucking tight." He began to pump his hips, stretching her further, but she sensed he still wasn't all the way in. How big was he? she wondered, as he nuzzled her, burrowing into her thick hair, inhaling her scent.
Locking his arms around her, he pushed forward again, burying himself, and she cried out. Then his thrusts came more quickly. At regular intervals, he drew back to rub the top of his cock more deliberately against her clitoris.
She moaned, unable to contain her pleasure but unwilling to give further voice to the overwhelming desire she felt for him. You want his cock, you filthy slut, said the voice in her head, but despite her shame, she felt a flush spreading over her face and upper chest and a familiar tightening in her pussy. "Oh, Zach," she whispered.
He let out a rumble from deep in his throat as he slammed into her, then paused to step the rest of the way out of his dress pants. When he resumed fucking her, she saw pleasure in his face, and need. He adjusted his grip on her legs, stretching them further apart, and she felt the base of his cock against her vulva.
"You ok?" he asked, as he began to increase his pace again.
She simply nodded, looking away. He was reaching deeper in this position, touching a part of her that few others had visited. She loved the feeling of profound fullness, and the sense of intimacy.
I'm so turned on, she thought as she panted, but I can't let myself climax. I'll make a noise, a loud one, and Seymour will hear. He'll look in the window, and he'll see me naked, with Zach inside me. He'll know I'm a whore. She put her tongue between her teeth and bit down, trying to force her gasping breaths through her nose.
But Zach was still inside her, fucking her with such raw physical power that she let her own muscles go limp. With every thrust, he stoked the blaze consuming her crotch, and as he continued, she began to lose control. Unable to pull his face toward her own, she sought him with her mouth but couldn't reach his lips.
Apparently, it took Seymour a while to confirm he had the right house. When the doorbell finally rang, it was Zach who groaned as he spurted his load deep inside her. As she'd feared, Seymour peered inside in search of the source of the sound, and he locked eyes with her for a moment before her bouncing breasts and splayed legs drew his gaze.
He's watching me get fucked, she thought, as she surrendered to her own orgasm.
"You came a long time," Zach told her when her cries finally subsided, continuing to thrust his still-hard cock deep. "The way you kept clenching my dick felt amazing."
"You can stop now. Put me down. He's watching us." The doorbell rang again.
His happy expression vanished. "Oh, I can, can I? Are you done with me, now that you've cum?" Pulling out, he set her on her feet, began to turn away, and stopped. Picking up her checkered cotton scarf, he tied it over her eyes.
Her heart pounded as panic overtook her. I can't move, and now I can't see, she thought.
She fought to control her breathing, and as she turned her head, she realized the scarf was not totally opaque. She could still tell light from dark.
A shadow crossed in front of her, and then she heard her front door swing open.
"Holy shit, you fucked her. You chained her up like a dog, and blindfolded her, and fucked the shit out of her."
"Shut up. Didn't I tell you to wait in the car?"
"It's ok, man, I won't tell Ruiz." He chuckled. "He'd have your ass on traffic duty for a month. But don't worry, I won't rat you out. If you cut me in."
For a long moment, Zach said nothing. Then, leaving Seymour standing on the porch, he wrapped his large hands around her slender shoulders and leaned close. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever had, and one of the nicest. Initially, I didn't want to hurt you or humiliate you. But then I realized you wanted me to."
He released her, and to Seymour he said, "Get inside." Then the door slammed shut.
* * *
Amanda remembered meeting Seymour Minkus. She'd gathered he was a recent recruit, which made him around 23, not that much younger than herself, although his short stature and slight build contributed to his unimposing appearance.
Seymour had leered at her, and later he'd snickered rudely when the video showed a full-frontal view of her body, demonstrating his immaturity. Since then, he'd done nothing to redeem himself. As a potential sexual partner, he was pretty far down her list. Maybe even at the bottom.
But she reminded herself that she was well into the triple digits with her partner count now, and many of them were habituation clients to whom she felt no attraction. Others she'd serviced only to advance her mission. Somehow, she'd survived those encounters. However, most had been nominally consensual, even if heavily coerced.
What Seymour was about to do to her now was different. There was nothing consensual about it.
"I can't see you, but I know who you are, Seymour. Don't do it."
With a grunt, he lifted her, slinging her ankles over his shoulders, and she grimaced as her tired arms took her full weight again. He positioned the tip of his cock between her labia, but failed to penetrate her. He tried again.
You're too high, she thought to herself, but I don't want you inside me, and I'm not going to help you.
"Please, Seymour. You don't want your first time to be... forced. Think of your future."
"It's not my first time," he said with an edge in his voice. "And you want it, I can tell. Women like you always want it. You just won't admit it."
On his third try, he managed to slip inside her. He began to pump her with a steady cadence, shifting his grip to her breasts.
She clenched her jaw against his clumsy hold on her sensitive flesh as she huffed in time with his thrusts. "Women like me how?"
Her encounter with Zach had left her stretched out, and full of his cum, so Seymour's cock moved inside her with little friction. You can do this, she told herself, he's not even hurting you much. It's nothing. You don't care.
This never happened.
"Women with all your long hair, waving your tits in our faces, wiggling your round asses." He began to thrust more vigorously. "You act so superior, and you think you own us. You think we're not good enough for you. But really, secretly, you all just want to get fucked." He punctuated these last words with his hips, then grunted a few times as he emptied himself inside her.
* * *
After Zach and Seymour finally left, it took Amanda just a few minutes to locate the sharp corner of the wooden stair to her right and use it to push the scarf away from her eyes. She could see the key to the cuffs, on top of the folder of photos, on the console table, far out of reach.
However, her handbag dangled from the newel post. With her foot, she hooked the strap, pulled it closer, and upended it, dumping out her phone. Using her toe, she managed to scroll through her contacts. However, there were few local alternatives trustworthy enough to help her. After agonizing, she made a choice.
Just when she was sure her call would go to voice mail, it was answered.
"Katharine! Thank God. I'm in a terrible fix."
"Oh, are you, now? How unfortunate." Her voice carried a sardonic note.
Her heart sank. "Please don't be mad. I'm sorry for not keeping in touch."
"What about for turning your back on me after mass, the Sunday before last? Are you sorry for that too?"
"Yes. I had to, um, meet someone."
"I know. I saw Monsignor follow you to his office." She sucked her teeth. "I just realized, that's the last time I saw him. He's disappeared. What did you do to him?"
"Katharine. I can explain. But first I need your help. I don't have anyone else I can call. Can you come over? Please?"
She gave a long sigh. "Ten minutes." She ended the call.
A short time later, Amanda heard Katharine's distinctive knock, followed by a louder pounding. "It's open," she called out.
She watched her friend's eyes widen as she caught sight of Amanda's naked body, shackled to the staircase. It occurred to her then that Katharine had seen her a few times in just her bra and panties, but never fully nude. She reddened to her ears.
Katharine slowly shook her head, and for a moment Amanda saw sympathy in her face. Then her jaw jutted out. "What kind of sick, disgusting game are you playing?"
"You don't understand." Her voice cracked.
Katharine put her hands on her hips. "Enlighten me."
She followed Katharine's eyes to her breasts, still visibly reddened, then continued lower to the spider's web of dried semen decorating the insides of her thighs, and she hung her head. When she finally spoke, she could barely get her words past the lump in her throat.
"He's a detective. With the state police. He came over to update me --"
Katharine cut her off. "Was he arresting you? Usually, they let you keep your clothes."
"No, I was the victim."
"Who was the perpetrator?"
Amanda looked away. "Monsignor Urbino."
Katharine's hands clenched into fists. "I knew it. What have you done to him?"
She thought of Monsignor being led away in handcuffs, and her lower lip trembled. "It wasn't like that."
But something didn't make sense. Why was Katharine so angry? Apparently, her feelings for Monsignor ran deeper than she'd realized. Was there more to their relationship than she'd suspected?
Forcing herself to put these thoughts aside, she nodded toward the console table. "The key to my cuffs is on the table there."
Katharine picked up the key, then opened the folder beneath. The key fell out of her hand, tinkling on the marble floor. "What the fuck, Amanda?"
Then she recognized Urbino. Her face reddened and the corners of her mouth turned down. Amanda thought she might cry. "Are you blackmailing him? Or did you turn him in to the police?"
"Unlock my cuffs. Then I'll tell you everything."
Katharine leaned closer, and spoke through her teeth. "No, you'll tell me everything first."
* * *
Later that night, as she guided her Mercedes down the New Jersey Turnpike, Amanda struggled to bring her emotions under control. Recent events had taken her on a roller coaster ride, and her mind bounced at random from her disastrous encounter with Urbino to her video review with Ruiz and his team, to Dietrick's exhilarating visit, to Seymour's assault, to her upsetting confrontation with Katharine.
At this late hour, traffic on the Delaware Memorial Bridge was light, and as she crested the top of the span, she realized the powerful sedan was going too fast, as it was prone to do, and she let off the accelerator. Sometimes the police liked to wait for speeders on the Delaware side. Normally, the police released her quickly when she flashed her CIA credentials, but it was a nuisance she preferred to avoid.
At this rate, she'd be back in Virginia in time for her hastily scheduled early morning appointment with Dr. Underwood. He'd helped her make sense of the previous assault she'd suffered during her mission to Iran; maybe he'd provide similar help with her most recent incidents. Hopefully this time she wouldn't have to fuck him so many times before they worked it all out.
She realized then just how often she was using sexual favors to get what she needed. It wasn't normal, and it wasn't morally defensible. In fact, she was shocked at her own behavior, and deeply ashamed of herself. The fact that many of these favors were coerced, or even forced, was of little consolation.
Becoming a CIA field agent was a conscious decision she'd made, an active choice, and she'd been fully informed of the sexual sacrifices this role required. But she'd never expected those debauched practices to take over her life, to become a defining element of her identity. That was not a choice, it was simply something that had happened, a gradual infiltration, accompanied by an insidious corruption of her moral fiber.
As she merged onto I-495, these dark thoughts threatened her tenuous hold on her equilibrium, and she gripped her steering wheel tightly, until she could feel her pulse in her fingers. She would discuss these issues with Dr. Underwood, but until then, she would have to put them aside.
Focus on something positive, she admonished herself. Tomorrow, you can meet up with Michelle to develop the material for their upcoming training, or absorb yourself in planning for your next mission. If you keep a low profile, you might manage to escape Percy's notice and avoid getting fucked by the latest addition to his roster of old codgers. It would be nice to have a couple of evenings alone, to ease her soreness in a warm bath.
By the time she pulled into her driveway, it was well after midnight. But there was still time for a few hours of sleep before heading over to see Dr. Underwood.