My name is Ana Fleiss, and I am an exhibitionist.
It's the thing that most makes me feel alive; the thing that feeds my deepest, most erotic desires. But this isn't quite a story about my current life as an exhibitionist and all of the many incredible experiences that I have had since discovering and embracing this side of myself. This is an account of how I got here-- the experiences that led me to that turning point in my life. All of them leading up to the most shocking thing I've ever done; the thing that still leaves me shaking my head in disbelief.
The single push of a button.
But that comes later. Like most life developments, it all started out quietly and gradually, planting its small seed in my uninitiated mind one ordinary summer afternoon, about a year ago, when my boyfriend Chris and I decided to have a little picnic in a section of Central Park called the Sheep Meadow.
On the weekends we sometimes went for a walk in the park, carrying crusty French sandwiches with us and small bottles of juice from our local bodega which, tsk tsk, didn't actually contain what was indicated on the labels. We'd pass through a small gate onto the grass and lose ourselves in the maze of humanity, beginning to wind our way through a sea of sun-drenched flesh sprawled out on blankets, each body daring to wear a little less clothing than the next.
Chris and I found a comfortable enough spot to lay down our blanket. He tossed it out into the air in front of him and then guided it smoothly to the ground where it settled onto the soft cushion of grass. He began to unpack our sandwiches while I kicked off my sandals, removed my shirt, and revealed a navy blue bikini top. We ate, we drank, we relaxed in the sun. It was shaping up to be the perfect day for doing next to nothing.
"Having fun?" asked Chris, smirking as he observed me focusing on a certain shirtless guy. Just like when we're at the beach, I tend to discreetly check out the guys around me, but who doesn't?
I grinned and replied, "What do you expect? We didn't pack any dessert." Chris chuckled. He never gets jealous. I don't know why he's so easily trusting, but I like that about him. He leaned over and rested his head on his hand, staring at me.
"What?" I asked.
"You know, it's legal in New York City for women to go topless."
"I know. Your point is...?"
"I'm just saying... if you ever wanted to offer me something for dessert."
I rolled my eyes and smirked back at him. "I'm sure you'd love that... just like when you went ga-ga over that all-nude female theatre performance in the park last summer."
"Oh my god, yeah," he said, becoming lost in thought. I could tell he was thinking about those naked girls we had seen so animated and romping about as they performed a play in their birthday suits, seemingly undaunted by the dramatic lack of support otherwise required to contain certain body parts.
He added, "If it's for artistic purposes, full nudity is allowed. That's why they have all those nude body painting events in Times Square, too." He continued to dwell on this matter for a few moments, no doubt imagining all the pink and blue and orange bodies we once saw, naked from head to toe, the scandal of their exposure mildly obscured by swirling psychedelic patterns and cosmic beasts crawling across their skin.
I sat upright and studied his face. "Are you kidding me?"
"What?"
"What are you thinking about right now? Are you, like, imagining that I might actually just stand up here, rip off my clothes, and deliver lines of Shakespeare in the nude for everyone?"
He laughed. "Well, no. But you could start simple and work your way there in time."
I rolled my eyes at him again-- but hey, that was a more innocent time for me. As I lay there in the sun, thinking about shirtless dude sitting a few feet away with his glistening, pulp romance muscles, I actually felt tempted for the first time to just go for it; to go topless. Because, why not? Were these not the rights that those performers and artists were defending for me as a woman?
I'm quite sure it was the juice-bottle-wine talking, but after several minutes I turned my head to glance over at Chris and said, "Do you dare me?"
He turned to face me with his interest clearly piqued. "Dare you to do what?"
"Go topless," I said.
He stared at me, not quite knowing whether I was joking or not. Finally he sat up, wrapped his hands around his legs, briefly surveyed the area, then turned back to face me. "Yeah. Let's see you do it," he said.
I laughed. "Really?"
"I don't believe you will, but sure!"
I'm not sure if I really believed I would do it either, at the time, but as I said I was a little drunk on wine and sunshine and Mr. Shirtless Eyecandy over there. "Fine," I groaned, my heart starting to race. Chris leaned back into a comfortable position to observe with a wide grin forming on his face.
"Look at you, settling in for the show..." I mumbled.
For a little while I sat there, fidgeting nervously, observing each and every person around me, trying to either come up with additional motivation for what I was about to do, or to find some reason to justify getting myself out of it. However, we were surrounded by strangers, mostly couples, a few groups of friends-- all absorbed in their own lives, seemingly without any interest in what anyone else was doing around them.
I focused for a moment on three sweaty college-aged guys reclining on the grass with a football cast down between them. I wondered what it would be like to reveal my breasts to them and what their reaction would be. I imagined them gesturing to one another, smirking, gazing down at my chest, and then up at my eyes, giving no real indication of what they thought of my body other than sheer amusement and surprise at what I had done. It was a terrifying, nerve-wracking daydream.
But I think that's what did it. That anxious anticipation of the unknown. It was frighteningly erotic, and somehow I loved it...
Trembling, I reached back to undo my bikini top. I tried to do it as nonchalantly as I could, pretending that I did this all the time and it was no big deal. "Whatever, get over it," I practiced saying in my head, to some imaginary observer. My top came loose faster than I had anticipated, and I felt my breasts bounce free. The warm breeze danced across my nipples. A bolt of anxiety shot through my body. I felt completely exposed, expecting all eyes to suddenly fixate on me.
At first no one noticed and I sat there with my heart thumping in anticipation of what was to come. A few girlfriends having a day in the sun together were sitting nearby and were the first to notice. They had been chatting incessantly, but when they spotted what I had just done they sat there staring through the dark lenses of their Gucci sunglasses like observant owls, saying nothing, exchanging knowing looks without forming any actual expressions.
I'll admit: at first I wondered if they were jealous. Not that I routinely check out other girls, but I've ogled my fair share of boobs at the Korean spa. Maybe it's just me, but they're not always that fantastic. I guess I'm proud of my body in general, but that might just be because Chris constantly fills my head with the idea that I have "spectacular tits," making it known that he would probably spend the entire day caressing those "beautiful melons" if I somehow never got bored of his boundless enthusiasm for kinky breast play.
Here and there a guy began to notice. They glanced up, did a double-take, looked away, and then casually snuck another peek while pretending to look for a friend or to watch someone walking a dog. I wanted to say, "Wow, you're seriously into watching that woman picking up dog shit." I couldn't help but smile when I saw a young man with his girlfriend take notice and stare. She watched him checking me out. He realized she was staring at him with irritation and quickly looked away, saying nothing.
Most importantly, shirtless guy laid back on his blanket with his twitching pecs, narrowing his eyes at me, making his interest obvious, even at the risk of upsetting Chris. I imagined two alpha males fighting over me. "Boys, boys..." I said to myself, briefly caught up in the fantasy of it.
I began to discover the thrill of the subtle scandal that I had caused, as the volume of muddled voices surrounding Chris and I ticked down a notch or two. My boyfriend seemed to be amused by the whole matter, taking note of the football guys suddenly discovering the shocking sight of my boobs wagging about as I took another sip from the not-juice bottle. Their eyes widened. They exchanged looks of quiet delight. They had no reason to look away. Their girlfriends were not present to protest.
I began to feel exceptionally self-conscious as the attention aimed at me began to reach a crescendo. I turned to lie down, feeling anxious about the attention-getting pendulum swing of my breasts as I repositioned myself. The faces around me were transfixed on their movement. I exhaled deeply as my body made contact with our blanket, obscuring my breasts as they compressed softly against the fabric, which in turn crunched into the grass beneath.
I felt the relief of being safe and securely contained, proud of myself for making it through the terrifying task. I smiled, replaying in my head the various reactions that I had witnessed, knowing how much of a turn-on it must have been for the guys to look up suddenly, only to find a pair of perky pink nipples pointed cheerfully in their direction.
I turned my head to the side to face Chris. He pulled off his shirt, perhaps wishing to compete with Shirtless Guy, or maybe to draw some of his own attention. He gently rubbed my bare back, glancing about as if wanting to catch more reactions to us. I spotted a few girls noticing him, scanning his body with their eyes. Chris is drop-dead gorgeous and they knew it. As he caressed me, I felt like I just took a hit from someone's joint. I closed my eyes, feeling the sun beat down upon my body and the gentle breeze on my cheek. I slipped into a state of perfect relaxation.
This was the reward for my fear. This was the return on investment for taking such a risk with my body, and it felt wonderful; the release of all the pressure and nervousness that had built up, followed by the rise of a certain arousal taking root and spreading slowly.
This is how it started.
I continued to review what I had just done over and over in my head until we got home. It just remained there, simmering in my mind, activating every part of my body. I couldn't believe I succeeded in doing it. I was proud of myself. I was turned on. I kinda wanted to do it again.
For something that was so momentous for me, Chris took it in stride. He's the chillest boyfriend I've ever had. There are days where I'd like him to be a little more tuned in, to tell me more about where he is and what he's feeling-- but most days it's a net gain. I need only think of several ex's who weren't as tolerant and accepting of my quirks to remember how lucky I am, and why I'm blessed to be with him.
"I'm gonna take a shower and get all this sun block off me," I said, lost in a daydream.
"Okay," Chris said, as he took a seat on the couch. I headed toward the bathroom, but stopped short and turned around.
"Do you wanna join me?" I asked, with a sly smile.
Chris hopped off the couch and was by my side in an instant. By that point I was undeniably horny after what had transpired in the park, and clearly he was too. Soon we had finished stripping out of our clothes in our cramped apartment bathroom and stood naked under the warm flow of water together in each other's arms. I remembered the girls that had been scanning his body after he took off his shirt. I ran my fingers over his chest. I buried my face in his neck. The familiar, earthy scent of his masculine sweat mixed with the sweet, fake coconut fragrance of our sun block soothed me instantaneously.
My hand wandered further down his body to gently cup his balls and then I slipped my fingers over his shaft. I felt him growing in my hand, becoming swiftly alive at my slightest touch. I stroked him slowly. He began to caress my body. His hands slipped over my breasts. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of our mutual play.
But I was elsewhere. In my mind, we were still laying there on the grass together, sprawled out across our blanket, our clothes lying in a heap to the side. Everyone was watching us engaging in these naked affections. Everyone...
***
Time passed, but the incident in the park stuck there in the back of my mind until the following weekend when I found myself needing to do it again. Walking home through the Village from a quaint brunch spot, we stopped in a park for a little while. I led us to the grass, where we found an open spot in the sun. Students from the nearby college were milling about everywhere, socializing, eating, reading books, and listening to music on their headphones.
Sparking Chris' amusement, I pulled off my top and removed my bra, restoring the wonderful sensation of the breeze across my stiffening nipples. College students everywhere began to notice. Somehow flashing guys a little bit younger than me was less threatening and allowed me to imagine that I was corrupting their youth, even though just a decade ago I was in their place (and maybe not quite so innocent).
I casually stretched, proudly putting my breasts on display, letting them jut forth from my chest, wagging softly left and right as I arched my body like a yawning cat. I felt myself becoming intensely aroused, seeing the students seated nearby gazing at them in wonder and amusement. I smiled at a young man. He smiled back. I craved an interaction with him, however small and insignificant, but I was limited by fear and distance. I felt a burning desire to know what was happening to his body, or more specifically, to what extent he was aroused by the sight of mine.
Somehow this curiosity about those watching me became an obsession, infecting me long after the incident in the park was over.
That same night, I had a sex dream. Most of my sex dreams either involve Chris, or a good-looking guy I'd seen recently on the train to work, or wherever. They're steamy encounters for sure, but pretty straightforward. Simple one-on-one scenarios at home, in a hotel room, and the like. Never in public.
This one was different.
Chris and I had hopped a train on the Hudson Line out of Grand Central. We made our way to the back of one of the cars until we found a spot all to ourselves. Despite choosing a mostly empty car, the seats toward the front were suddenly filled with people, because that's how dreams work. I began to shrink in my seat, feeling intimidated by their presence.
I hoped that no one would come to the back of the train and infiltrate our increasingly small bubble of privacy, however another couple arrived, taking the seat across from us. They settled in, checking their phones quietly. They must have been in their mid-twenties. She was blonde with large brown eyes and pouty lips. He was clean cut, tall, with a small amount of stubble, and wore a bulky set of headphones over his ears.
"Let's do it here," said Chris.
"Why here? There's someone sitting next to us..." I whispered back.
"So?" he said, with a wide grin.
"Uh... they'll see us..." I said.
"They seem cool. I hardly think they'll report us," Chris was saying. "They'll probably find it hilarious and tell all their friends."
The train rumbled to life and began to pull away with a series of squeaks and hisses. My heart raced faster than ever before. Was this a pleasant dream, or a nightmare? The ticket collector came by to punch our tickets with a loud "clack-clack." He looked us up and down, as if finding us suspicious.
"How does he know?" I thought, worried that he'd catch us in a lewd act. He handed back our tickets then attended to the couple next to us. As he took their tickets, the girl glanced over at me. Our eyes met and she stared at me curiously, then at Chris, then looked away.
As soon as the ticket collector left, I felt Chris' hand slide over my thigh. "Seriously? Now?" I asked, brushing his hand away before anyone could notice his advances.
"This was your idea!" he laughed.
"I know... but..."
His hand passed back over my thigh, then up my body and under my shirt. I struggled and smirked, glancing frequently at the couple next to us, making sure they weren't aware of what was going on. She still had her nose in her phone and he was gazing out the window while listening to music. Finally I gave in, reaching over and rubbing Chris' cock through his pants. I could feel that he was already getting hard.
"The coast is clear, hurry..." whispered Chris.
"Jesus, we're really doing this..." I thought to myself.
I quickly unzipped Chris' pants, suddenly feeling excited that we were actually going ahead with this plan that apparently my dream-self had come up with. I inhaled deeply and double checked that the couple wasn't watching, before pulling Chris' cock out. I began stroking him, watching him melt into the cushioned seat.
I checked the couple again. They were both looking away, peering through the window at the landscape sliding by. Buildings whipped past, then gave way to trees. I felt relieved that they were distracted.
I began to suck Chris' cock, right there in the seat, at the back of the train. It was just a dream, but it felt so real. The fear and exhilaration were as powerful and present as they would have been had we really been doing it.
"Wow, that's a haaard-fucking-cock," I sarcastically remarked, letting it pop back out of my mouth, glistening with saliva. I briefly made eyes at Chris before I began stroking it again, grinning in disbelief at the fact that the couple next to us was apparently still oblivious to what was going on, right across the aisle.
Then I realized what was going on. I saw the reflection of their eyes in the window peering back at me. Both of them, secretly watching us, our carnal act vaguely superimposed over the whizzing scenery. Two hazy, translucent forms moving amongst the trees like some phantom lust.
I felt a bolt of panic shot through my body and before I could react they realized that I had taken notice. The girl turned first, and then her boyfriend. They took one look at Chris' massive erection, peeked briefly over the top of the seats to see if the coast was clear, then slumped down in their own seats, settling in to watch, their eyes full of shock and silent wonder.
I couldn't believe that they wanted to see what we were doing!
Our private moment. Our passions laid bare, far from the bedroom where we normally kept it secret from the prying eyes of the outside world. Trembling, I quickly glanced toward the front of the train car to confirm, then switched places with Chris and slipped down my jeans. I glanced nervously at the couple, whose eyes were glued to my every movement. I watched the girl's boyfriend hold his breath as I slipped down my panties and let Chris lower his body between my legs.
The couple exchanged a brief look of disbelief as Chris dove in and began to navigate my nether regions with his tongue. I lay there, a helpless slave to pleasure, frequently sneaking a peek at our audience. The couple began to tenderly express their own affections for each other. He wrapped his arms around her and began to kiss her neck, she smiled softly and guided his hand to her breast, all the while observing us with a growing arousal...
Then: I woke up abruptly, shocked that I had dreamed of such a thing; wanting to be seen, wanting to be watched, in such a sexually charged scenario. It only made me want to go further, to reveal more of myself to strangers, to be bolder and more daring. Maybe I wasn't quite ready for sex in public, but something. I needed... something.
***
One day I came to Chris, at a time when I felt he would be most receptive and open with me, and said, "Would you ever consider modeling?"
"Modeling? I guess so. Why?"
"I was just wondering. What about nude modeling?"
"Huh?" he laughed, offering me a quizzical look.
"I mean, like for a figure drawing class or something."
He shrugged. "Sure, I suppose that would be fun." A smile began to creep onto his face. "Why, what are you about to get us into, now?"
"You remember Erika Findlay? I know she's done it from time to time. I bet she could give us some pointers and help us find a place to do it."
"Is this about going topless in the park or something?" he asked.
"I dunno, maybe," I replied, not wanting to get into it with him just yet.
When I later told Erika what I had in mind she seemed perfectly amused. We hung out at her apartment one night, offering to supply a spread of cheese and wine as a show of gratitude. We spent the evening receiving her tips and instruction, practicing poses fully clothed. She helped us understand what we were getting into and how to do it. In my mind, this constituted having modeled before, so I could stretch the truth and get a gig somewhere, perhaps with an art professor or a pay-as-you-go public drawing class.
Sure enough, we managed to get a small gig at a nearby college for an introductory drawing class. It seemed as if models were hard enough to come by such that the instructor didn't press too hard for our prior experience. The day we showed up for the nude figure modeling gig, I had serious butterflies in my stomach. I suddenly realized how big a leap I was making from simple flashes in the park, to going fully nude in front of a bunch of students. Yep, vag and all. Chris seemed to be having an easier time with the idea, but still appeared a little bewildered when we entered, finding a dozen nervous freshmen glance up at us suddenly, discovering who it was that was about to do the deed.
The teacher, Diane, welcomed us warmly and led us to a small area in the back of the studio where we could store our things.
"Oh, so you're a couple!" she said, after we gave her a more thorough introduction. "That's fun that you model together." I smiled and nodded at her. "How long did you say you've been doing this?"
"Just a handful of times," I said, lying through my teeth. I hoped that Erika had given us enough experience practicing with clothes on that we'd pull it off without any surprises or embarrassment, but I was fully aware that doing it for real, as opposed to practicing clothed, was a whole different ballgame.
"Great. They're mostly new to drawing and will need instruction, so we'll keep things at a nice, relaxed pace," she said reassuringly.
"Sounds good. We're excited!" Chris chimed in.
"Great! Okay, let me pull the screen out here. There are robes on the table for you to change into. When you're ready just come out and join us." Diane extended a Japanese folding screen covered in pink cherry blossoms to give us some privacy to undress and get into our robes, then she left and headed back across the studio.
"Okay, here we go..." I whispered to Chris, taking a deep breath.
"Don't worry," he said, comforting me, "You're gonna rock this." I grinned.
We began to slip off our clothes bit by bit. As I pulled off my bra and slipped off my panties, I looked up at Chris and found him smirking.
"Do you realize that technically we're going to be walking around naked at school?" he whispered.
I laughed. "Yeah, that's kinda exciting!" I looked down at the thin layer of pubic hair between my legs. "Should I have shaved?" I added, revealing my insecurity about showing everyone my hairy muff.
"Don't do that," said Chris, sternly eying my pubes.
"Don't do what?"
"Don't do that insecurity thing. Knowing you, you'd probably have been just as insecure had you come here cleanly shaven. This is you. This is your body. You are beautiful. So just own it."
I suddenly felt a surge of pride for my boyfriend. He was wise and clear-headed. I was proud of him. "Good boy, Chris," I thought.
I could hear the voices of the students in the distance. I assumed that a lot of the drawing 101 students would take the class just so they could see naked people and wondered if any of them had ever even seen a live naked body in front of them before. We quickly slipped on our flimsy robes, which barely offered any barrier to the outside world, and then gave each other a hard look.
"Well, let's do this," said Chris, advertising a hint of his own anxiety.
I grabbed his hand and squeezed it. "Just catch me if I faint or something," I chuckled. He squeezed my hand back and then led me around the corner of the screen. My heart thumped as I walked barefoot across the hard, cold floor of the studio. I focused grimly on what felt like layers upon layers of fine graphite and chalk dust turning the soles of my feet black. Anything to avoid focusing on the loose wiggle of my breasts under the thin fabric that offered us little security.
We arrived at a large platform on which a couple of stools had been set, as well as a smaller, lower platform; things that offered the possibility of many different poses. When I looked around, I began to panic at the sight of so many young freshmen guys and girls, several years younger than us. They were hiding behind their easels, staring at us with wide eyes, knowing that they were about to study our naked bodies. For a brief moment I regretted getting us into this situation, but the rise of fear and anticipation had some strange way of equally turning me on. I was beginning to understand that now.
I didn't have long to process what was about to happen before Diane introduced us.
"This is Ana and Chris," she said, cheerfully. "It's their first time working with us, so please make them feel welcome." The class all said hi to us in a uniform drone. I saw some of them exchange looks with each other and wondered what they were silently communicating. Diane turned to us and added, "You can disrobe when you're ready and we'll get started." She switched on some Chopin.
I turned to look at Chris for support but he was watching the freshmen girls staring back at him. All of a sudden, I saw his robe slip off his shoulders and down his body, where he caught it and pulled it aside. His pale, bare ass was suddenly staring back at me. I saw their eyes instantly lock onto his body, as if in shock. One of them turned bright red and turned to her friend, unable to hide a helpless smirk that threatened to reveal her obvious embarrassment.
All the girls took detailed note of his body, trying to maintain serious expressions. However, I knew exactly what they were doing, having done it myself long ago; taking covert peeks down at my boyfriend's long, flaccid penis with a youthful curiosity toward a man's naked body parts. I knew that they were secretly electric with the thrill of seeing his dangling balls, his long shaft, and the meaty head of his cock, but were afraid to show it.
I buzzed with excitement briefly watching them and realized that I didn't just love putting myself on display, I loved putting my boyfriend on display for these young, curious freshmen girls as well. I felt another surge of pride, seeing him standing there like Michelangelo's David, with his broad shoulders, firm abs and biceps, and slim waist, giving him that perfect, triangular frame.
He looked like a convincing copy of the original in Florence. Only with a much, much bigger cock.
Chris glanced over at me and I quickly realized that I was frozen in place, still wearing my robe. I tried to casually step to the side to prepare for the unveiling, as if I were just taking my usual time. The boys, at first curious about the girls' reaction to Chris' body, had now turned their attention entirely to me, waiting with bated breath for the first sight of my nude body.
I began to open my robe, letting it fall down over my shoulders, and just like that I exposed my breasts to them, watching their eyes as they darted straight down to my attentive nipples. I pulled the robe off the rest of the way and found myself baring my entire, naked body to them; my swelling breasts, my perky nipples stiffening with fresh arousal, the shock of my lightly hairy vulva, like some taboo thing they weren't supposed to see.
As I approached a nearby chair to place my robe upon, I could see them tracking me with their eyes, devouring my body, trembling with excitement and struggling with the threat of their own arousal. I found myself bending over a little more than was necessary to deposit my robe, letting my boobs freely swing back and forth, then settle back into place with a soft wiggle when I stood back up. I imagined them growing hard in their pants, enamored by the sight of my exposed breasts, seeing a girl's genitals up close and in person, maybe even for the first time.
What followed was the most intensely erotic experience of my life up to that point; being put on display for those students who were forced to gaze upon and study my body while hiding their secret desires. I felt myself become sexually charged and flush with excitement. My nipples were taut. My labia became swollen. I ached to touch myself, but couldn't. It was torture feeling their eyes on me as Chris and I slowly cycled through poses at Diane's direction.
The girls glanced back and forth at Chris' naked body, sizing him up, examining every inch, laying strokes across their pads, erasing them, and then peering more closely at him to observe more accurately the intimate contours of his body. I watched their movements, trying to imagine what part of his body they were focused on; his head, an arm, one of his legs.
I felt I could tell when they reached the area that caused them maximum awkwardness, struggling to control themselves while having to study his pubic area, briefly checking his eyes to see if he knew what they were looking at. I felt I could recognize the moment when they began to lay down the first strokes of his long shaft, rendering his penis in just enough detail to admire its beauty, without making it look like they spent an embarrassing amount of time on it.
When I was instructed to lay on the platform for a reclining pose, I connected with a young man toward the end of the semicircle of students. He had been gazing at me with such awe and wonder that I wondered how much work he'd actually managed to produce on his sketch pad. I laid back on the white sheet covering the base of the platform, arching one arm over my head like a goddess in repose.
I dared to part my legs slightly, further exposing my pussy to him. I watched his eyes as he stood there, transfixed, with his disbelieving eyes, drowning in the sight of my soft pink flesh blooming from within the little patch of pubic hair. Flesh that felt dilated. Flesh that felt velvety and moist with my arousal. Flesh that inexplicably ached for his curious touch, for the intimate connection of our two bodies. "Fuck," I thought. I'd taken it too far, I was already wet.
I couldn't help but imagine what he was thinking. What sort of silly, far-fetched, juvenile fantasies were spinning through his head as he watched me virtually spread my beaver. Maybe he wanted to see me masturbate. Maybe he wanted Chris to come along and fuck me right there on the platform. No, maybe he imagined that Diane would instruct him to remove his own clothes, then approach the platform in shame, as his giggling classmates observed his embarrassingly erect penis. Then he would lower down beside me where I would take him in my arms and lead him through his first joyous experience of lovemaking, terrified and excited by the idea that all the girls were watching him lose his virginity to me. "Yeah, that's what shy, horny college boys dreamed of," I told myself, with great satisfaction.
I oozed with seductive power.
Granted, I realized I was projecting my own fantasies of exhibiting sex onto him, but it made the experience no less thrilling, knowing how much I was making him suffer, whatever dirty thoughts were in his young mind. Thoughts that even the visibly apologetic girl beside him must have been aware of, as she sheepishly glanced back and forth between me and her male classmate, who was unaware of just how adorably obvious his eager stares were.
I found myself restless and cheated when it ended, wanting to pose longer, but class was almost over. I hesitated to put my robe back on, but Chris was already wearing his and I couldn't linger in my nakedness too much longer. I threw my robe on and Diane invited us to see the completed work of the students. I went straight for the young man that was enthralled with me.
"This is really good!" I exclaimed, singing praise when I saw how naturally talented he actually was. His eyes lit up. I hovered my finger over his rendering of my breasts. "It's very accurate. You have a wonderful sense of volume and weight in here." I felt an electric thrill, discussing my breasts with him. I saw how he rendered my privates, wondering how he must have felt as he carefully placed a few strokes upon the paper to indicate my swollen lips and the simple cleft separating them.
Exciting too was witnessing how the girls had rendered Chris' penis. A couple of them were surprisingly careful and deliberate, trying to accurately reproduce the precise size and shape of everything from his plump balls to his bulbous glans. Others were too embarrassed, crudely indicating the approximate length and shape without providing nearly the same level of detail they did for this torso and arms, as if he wore a hot dog between his legs.
I left there on cloud nine, confessing my excitement to Chris who shared with me his own secret thrill of being studied by the girls, and his relief at the fact that he didn't spring a boner in front of them. I obsessed about the experience all day, wondering if the boys that had watched me would go home that afternoon and race to the bathroom in their dorms, locking themselves inside to think about what they'd just seen. Would they tug their pants down in a frantic need to free their erections, then excitedly stroke themselves while thinking of me and my body? I wanted to be that naughty temptress that coaxed the insecure, budding sexuality from their shells. I wanted them to want me, to obsess about my body, to imagine what it felt like if they could have only reached out and touched it.
I was changed by the experience and there was no going back. Deep down, I knew I would spend the rest of my life trying to recreate the erotic, nervous thrill of that first class over and over in a myriad of ways. It was in that moment, on that day, that my fate was sealed.
Chris and I went back to model for Diane a few times and every session was a little different, with new poses to play with and new ways to subtly tease the students. I feared it would slowly lose its thrill, but it only got more and more exciting. I even secretly modeled nude once on my own, for a different studio, just because I wanted to feel what it would be like if all eyes were on me and me alone.
From there I branched out, wanting to find new ways to reveal my body to strangers. Modeling was fun, but I was expected to be nude. Next, I wanted the unexpected. The accidental reveal. I came up with excuses to find myself naked in changing rooms, locker rooms, showers, and the like. I flashed a man my breasts, then listened to him apologize profusely when he quickly slid the curtain back to restore my privacy.
I lounged nude near the door to the ladies locker room at the spa, nervously awaiting the moment when the next woman would enter, briefly granting a male client in the foyer a glimpse of my body. And there was her boyfriend, waving her inside, instantly caught off guard by the surprise appearance of a complete stranger standing nude by the lockers, her moist body shockingly bare and revealing her breasts and pussy.
It became a game. How far could I go? How frightening and erotic could I make it? What would happen if I booked a male masseuse, and "accidentally" lost my towel in front of him. Would he be responsible, quickly turning aside and throwing the towel back over me? Or would he be more fun, smiling slightly as I shrugged it off, agreeing to resume massaging my fully nude body, now that it became clear that I didn't feel the need to be covered?
I wanted to tell people who and what I was now, but I still didn't know how, or to whom it would be safe. It was a desperate, eager hunger to be caught, to shock, alarm, and arouse the world. One wrong move and I could easily regret it, yet still I flirted with danger. There were close calls, such as the day Melanie shared, during lunch at work, a horror story about getting a Brazilian.
She explained, "There I was, lying on the table with my legs parted, completely exposed, and this guy walks in. I kid you not, it's my fucking esthetician's adult son! I'm like, 'What the hell!' and threw my hands over my crotch. He saw eeeverything! The guy mumbles, 'Sorry!' and runs back out. His mom was like, 'Oh, I'm so sorry! He thought I was between appointments!' I was absolutely mortified!"
Of course Josh and Ethan were laughing so hard that they started crying. Melanie was a pretty girl. They were no doubt also imagining her spread eagle.
Caitlyn just shook her head in disbelief. "At least your esthetician's a female. I have a friend who lets a guy wax her cooch!" she said.
"What!" exclaimed Melanie. "Why would anybody go to a male esthetician?!"
"I dunno!" replied Caitlyn, horrified.
Josh exclaimed, "What the fuck am I working here for?! Can I go to school to learn this?" Everyone laughed.
Melanie turned to me, saying, "Yeah, I'd never be able to do that. Can you imagine?"
I sat there nervously, as everyone turned to hear my reply. The obvious reply. The one they all expected. The one that wasn't true. I really wanted to say, "Sure, I'd let a guy wax me. Maybe he's cute. Maybe he'll be real gentle. Maybe he'll apply a soothing moisturizer down there when he's done..."
But I chickened out. I lied. I told them what they wanted to hear. Or at least what Melanie and Caitlyn did.
However, my new obsession gnawed at me to the point where I began to curse the day I ever took my top off in the first place. Before that day, I felt satisfied. Chris and I would have a sleepy morning fuck to rouse ours senses and I'd go about my day cool as a cucumber, renewed, revitalized, at peace with the world. Now I needed more. It was a drug. I was an addict.
I don't know what sent me over the edge, but in another drunken moment of weakness, I finally turned to Chris and said it. "I think I'm ready," I confessed. "I'm ready to go to the whole nine years. I think I'm actually gonna do it."
"Do what?" he asked, setting down his beer.
"Be naked in front of everyone."
He laughed. "What do you mean, everyone?"
"Like everyone-everyone. Everyone I know. I don't care," I mumbled.
"Huh?"
"Will you do it with me?"
"Do what?" he asked, confused.
"I dunno... like... post something on Twitter maybe." The ideas raced through my mind. "Like, a beautifully composed photo of myself. Or us. Completely naked, for all the world to see."
Chris looked at me surprised. "You wouldn't be scared to do that?" he asked, softening his voice, suddenly conscious of the couple next to us at the bar, who began to perk up.
"I'd be scared out of my fucking mind," I laughed. "I might shit my fucking pants." Chris was confused. "But I think... I love that feeling." We both burst out laughing. I added, "I think I get as much of an erotic thrill out of being afraid to take my clothes off in front of people as I do seeing their reactions to my body. Even just the idea of doing it, the panic that it causes, is making me wet."
The couple next to us exchanged glances and tried to suppress their expressions of shock and amusement. I didn't care. Not anymore.
"But you don't even use Twitter much," Chris reminded me, "It's not like everyone you know even follows you."
"So then we need to fix that. Anyway, look at Facebook. They are literally right now asking their users to upload their nudes so that they can filter out maliciously posted copies."
"But that's the point! That no one will ever seen those photos. At least in theory..."
"But I choose to let myself be seen."
Chris sat back and raised his eyebrow. "You really want to do this? Don't they block content like that?"
"No, they just label it as sensitive material or whatever, so you have to tap on it first to view it. Not that I'd... um... know or anything."
"Won't you lose your job or something?"
"How so? I'm allowed to be kinky outside of a work environment. Why should they care what I do in my personal life?"
I was already exhausted by his questioning, but I could see he was actually considering what I was saying. I wasn't sure if I myself was just fooling around or if I was seriously considering it. However he finally replied, "Well we'd need to start a campaign to increase our followers."
"You mean like one of those things that gets you a bunch of free follows?" I groaned.
"No, I mean we just need to tell all the people we know to follow us. Otherwise, what's the point if no one sees the tweet? We can't shock the world if it goes unnoticed."
I started laughing. "Yeah... that's true. But I hardly think it will go unnoticed."
"Okay, let's make a pact. You and I will try to get as many people we know as possible to follow us. If we double our followers, then we do this. It's meant to be. If not, you have plenty of time to chicken out."
"Is that a dare?"
"Maybe..." he said with a snicker.
"Okay, let's do it. Game on!" I said, clinking his glass. We both grinned at each other. I could tell he didn't believe me. He was just having fun. I suppose he thought I'd forget all about it when I sobered up and came to my senses.
I didn't... I had completely, totally, wonderfully lost my senses.
A couple days passed and our follower counts steadily rose. We compared notes every day about who we added and how it made us feel. Most of the time it was exciting, sharing how we knew that follower and what impact it might make on them to see us with no clothing on. I told Chris when Mr. Lund added me, my college creative writing teacher, who more or less mentored me. I told him when I connected with Jason Fernandez, the boy with the huge crush on me that was too afraid to ask me to the high school prom, and for all I knew still regretted it.
Chris told me about Melissa Mayer, the daughter of a family friend that he grew up with and constantly had play dates with when he was little. I heard about Sarah Gerard, a personal trainer he once had, who made no secret about her enjoyment while assisting him with his workout goals.
His feed was as filled with old flames, flames that could have been, and all manners of other women who might enjoy the sight of his body as mine was filled with the various men I had crossed paths with in my life. All of them would soon see a side of us that they had only imagined. However, at times the process was difficult, occasionally reminding me of the challenges that lay ahead; challenges that I would soon need to overcome before committing myself entirely to what I was about to do.
"Ugh, my mom followed me back," I remember whining.
"You asked her!" Chris reminded me.
"Yeah, but I kinda hoped that one wouldn't actually happen. Eh. Maybe she'll be too distracted by my boyfriend's penis to be mad at me." He rolled his eyes, not wanting to think about it. I added, "At least my dad barely even knows what Twitter is..."
Chris then dropped the bomb. "Doesn't your brother already follow you?"
"Oh my god, my brother!" I exclaimed. "My brother's gonna see my hoohah!" I covered my face in shame, horrified by the idea that my horny younger brother might soon be checking out my private parts.
"Yeah..." Chris mumbled. "Are you gonna block him?"
"No..." I grumbled. "I can't just block people. Whatever... if I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do this. If I put naked photos of myself out there on the internet, they're gonna be out there. One way or another, if someone wants to see my pussy, they're gonna see it. There's no sense in trying to control who can see it and who can't at that point."
"The struggle is real!" Chris joked, raising his hands in the air, but I knew he was sympathetic deep down and would help me through this.
In time I just learned to not think about those I didn't want to see my naked body, and focused instead on the exciting possibilities of those who I wanted to grant a sneak peek. Especially the ones that I knew had a burning desire...
Like Brian Ward. I waltzed into work the following morning and got only a few feet into the office when he looked up from his desk and excitedly exclaimed, "Hey Ana, thanks for the follow!"
"No problem!" I said, "Make sure to follow me back!"
"Oh, I do. I followed you last year," he said with a sheepish smile.
"Oh! D'oh, I must have missed that," I replied, realizing my faux pas. Brian, of course, had a huge crush on me. He wasn't bad looking, but not really the type of guy I would go for, if I even wanted to date someone in the office. However, I found it impossibly cute the way he fawned over me all the time.
"Do you... um... use Twitter much? I've barely gotten into it, but I plan to post something good soon," I added.
"Yeah, sometimes. That's cool! What are you gonna post?" he asked, gazing at me with stars in his eyes. I had finally, actually stopped to talk to him, after all.
"Oh, you'll see. Something you'll like, for sure!" I responded. At the same time I asked myself, "What the fuck are you doing?! You might as well come right out and tell him you're going to give him a naked photo of yourself to masturbate to!"
Brian wanted me, and he wanted me something fierce. However mildly flattered I was in the past, I found myself suddenly more engaged in his affections, realizing that I was on the precipice of blowing his poor, lovesick mind by offering him the tweet of a lifetime. When I got to my desk, I started laughing softly to myself, imagining him squirting something out of his nose the day it finally arrived and he saw his crush completely naked. I found myself unable to stop imagining him excitedly jerking off to me, and squirting elsewhere too.
Later that night I tweeted that something big was coming, both to spark interest and to force myself to not chicken out. Chris retweeted it, which only raised more eyebrows.
"They're totally going to think I proposed to you," Chris laughed.
"Oh my god, I know!" I exclaimed.
Some of our friends tweeted back "WHAT?!" as if with bated breath.
"This is so terrifying!" Chris finally admitted.
"I know, I love it!" I exclaimed.
The idea I had in my head of how epic it would be for everyone I know to see me naked began to make me feel an intense pressure to deliver on what I had promised myself. We took the photo that weekend, and at first it was cute seeing Chris' secret insecurities coming out, as he spent copious amounts of time fluffing his cock so that it would appear long and thick without being erect. However, I beat him hands down.
"Should I shave?" I asked, along with a thousand other questions, tugging at the skin above my pubic mound and leaning over to examine my own privates.
"Not again..." he grumbled.
"No, I don't mean completely, do I need a trim?"
"You should look in the photo like you normally look, on a normal day." He took a step back and studied my pussy. "It's fine."
"Yeah, you're right," I sighed.
Soon Chris became irritated with me at the number of times I had us take and retake the photo. First in bed. Then standing in the living room. Then by the window. With the shade up, the shade down, with and without the bamboo palm in the background, and so on.
It had to be retaken because my hair was in my eyes, the light didn't provide the right dimension to my bare breasts, I didn't think his sexy cock was hanging straight enough. So I brushed the hair away, I adjusted the angle of my breasts, I made him refluff so I could squat down and adjust his penis.
"This one is perfectly fine!" he said, rolling his eyes as the latest shot came up on the computer screen.
"It's not, it has to be perfect," I emphasized, hitting delete.
We finally settled on an artistic shot, near a window, with a stark background. Full frontal, almost confrontational with our stance, but with soft, peaceful expressions. Our arms were splayed out to either side, one set of hands in a romantic embrace. It looked like an art magazine cover, with the jarring sight of two raw, naked bodies facing the viewer squarely, their eyes asking a multitude of questions. I obsessed over that photo, applying small touch-ups on the computer, such as removing a stray pube not in alignment with the others, or removing the one freckle that I hated. Then I heard Chris' voice in my head and repeatedly hit undo.
An hour passed before I finally sat back on the couch and stared at it thoughtfully, approving of what I saw. The gentle curve of my generous, teardrop breasts, their smooth, pronounced nipples stiffly announcing my vague arousal. The thin, even layer of dark pubic hair covering my mons, my lightly swollen outer labia like two soft lips, and the luscious slit separating them. Chris' beautifully toned arms and abs, his proud chest, and his thick, elongated member swinging down over his balls. I just gazed at his beautiful cock, studying every inch, as if I'd never seen it before, as if it were a famous work of art hanging in a museum.
And so what if it had been? I may as well have been in that museum, sitting across from that photograph, rubbing myself and causing a sensation for the other visitors, circling my clit and moaning, just like I began to do in that very moment, in front of my laptop screen. Oh god was I wet, staring at his cock like it was something I shouldn't be seeing, pretending I was one of my shocked girlfriends, perhaps having wondered about Ana's boyfriend's penis but never expecting to actually see it.
My imagining of their shock took hold and blossomed into a full-fledged fantasy. I imagined the guys at work seeing the tweet come through in their feeds. Maybe they'd open the photo full screen and see the image clipped to my face, neck, and bare shoulders on their phone screens. They'd quickly scroll down and suddenly find themselves confronted by a pair of gorgeous, round, naked breasts. Maybe they'd spit out their drinks, gaze at my stark, crimson nipples, and think, "Oh my god, Ana's boobs!"
Then they'd suddenly realize what else lay down below. They'd flick the photo upward and zip down over my smooth stomach and my bellybutton, then land there face to face with my crotch, devouring the shocking sight of my pussy with its soft, dark fuzz, and its two delicate lips. I imagined them growing hard, filling their restrictive pants uncomfortably with their throbbing cocks. I imagined them needing to whip them out, masturbating helplessly at the unexpected sight of my nudity which maybe they'd always been curious about. The body of a girl they knew, that they worked with every day.
Maybe they'd study the secret contours of my body, imagining what I felt like, smelled like, tasted like. Imagining how it would feel to enter me, to move passionately together, mouth to mouth, breast to breast, feeling the comfort of being deep inside and confessing to me how badly they'd always wanted to make love to me.
Fuck, yes, I wanted their complete attention. Their validation. Their devotion. My fingers shot back and forth across the slick, raised nub between my legs until I heard footsteps outside our apartment door as Chris returned home from an errand. I quickly scrambled to collect myself, wiping my hands on my panties, and pulling my jeans back up.
"Hey baby," I said casually, as he strolled in.
"Hey there," he said, collapsing next to me with a sigh and leaning in to kiss my cheek. He paused for a second, then smirked. He looked at the screen, seeing our photo, then turned his attention to my hand. He lifted it to his nose. I grinned and quickly pulled it away, after caressing his cheek dismissively.
"Busted!" he laughed. I rolled my eyes. "What have yooou been up to while I've been away?" he chuckled, having clearly detected the lingering, deeply feminine scent of my body's state of arousal.
I whistled innocently. "Nothing..."
"Mmm hmm..." He studied me as I pretended to consider further adjustments to the photo. It was a lost cause. He knew very well what I had just been doing before he arrived. "I love how much this is turning you on," he added. I blushed. "Tell me what you're thinking?"
"Nothing... just... thinking about people's reactions," I said, with a sly grin.
Chris leaned back thoughtfully. "With all the guys on your Twitter feed now, I guarantee within two minutes of posting there's going to be at least a dozen guys scrambling to get somewhere private where they can stroke their cocks."
I raised an eyebrow. "Just a dozen?" I asked, snickering.
"Well, who knows how many, news travels fast!"
"Tell me more," I said, eager to hear him tease me. "Except my brother. I don't want to think about my brother becoming erect. Or frankly that he even has a penis."
"Well... you know that guy at work that you said has a crush on you?"
"Brian," I said.
Chris sat up alert, then started to work through my clothing, casually removing one garment at a time.
"He's probably got his phone set up to send a notification any time you tweet. He'll probably be in some public place, like a restaurant having dinner, when it shows up. He'll click on the alert and suddenly be staring at your boobs. He'll look around suddenly, panicking that someone is watching, then shield the phone in his lap, as he scrolls down..."
I scrambled to catch up with Chris and get his own clothes off, as his narration began turning me on.
"Imagine his surprise when he lays his eyes upon the very pussy he's always dreamed of..." Chris added. I began to whimper. "He'll shout 'check please!' and get up from his seat, realizing his huge bulge is visible. Everyone eating nearby will take notice as he shimmies between tables, hiding his gigantic boner, trying to get out of there as fast as he can." I started laughing. "And as soon as he gets home, he's gonna tug at that sucker 'til it blows so hard he's gonna show up tomorrow with it wrapped in a cast."
"Oh yeah?" I asked, grinning as we finished pulling each other's clothes off.
"Yeah. For sure."
Chris' cock began to twitch to life and rise from his lap. I grabbed his member firmly and felt him throbbing back against my grip. I felt myself tingling.
"And what about you, hot stuff?" I said, grinning.
"What?"
"All the girls at work are gonna look at you much differently once they've seen your penis."
"Yeah?"
"Uh huh. You think it's just you guys that undress us girls with your imaginations, but I can guarantee that you sorely underestimate us."
"Do tell..."
"All those girls that you know and work with? They're gonna scroll through their feed and stop when they see our tweet. When they click to view the photo, that big cock of yours is gonna fill the screen of their phones and they're gonna start salivating when they see it..." I spit on his cock and began to stroke it. "Touring your long shaft with their eyes, gazing at the thick head of your cock... then you know what they'll do?"
"What?" he begged.
"Well if it were me, I'd have my vibe out so fast... admiring your cock while I pleasure my pussy." I could tell how hot this was making him. "Can you imagine all the cute girls at work, baby? Adoring your penis? All those girls rubbing their wet pussies for you?" I blinked innocently at him as I gave him long, hard strokes with a twisting motion. He began to moan.
I continued, "Just imagine how you'll feel coming into work tomorrow, catching all their hard stares, knowing that they've seen you that way. All of you. The way they'll glance down at your pants, knowing what you've been keeping secret all... this... time. Knowing how they've been missing out on all that fun that I get to have allll to myself!"
I dove in and began sucking Chris' cock with a fierce urgency, having turned myself on just seeing how aroused I had made him. I took his throbbing member as deep as I could, tasting his salty precum as his body seized up with intense pleasure. When I came up for air, licking my lips dramatically, he flipped me over and wrestled me to the mattress of the couch until I was pinned and squirming beneath his weight.
"Oh, you're gonna get it," he growled. I laughed as he attacked me with a vengeance, diving between my legs and eating my pussy with the same crazed hunger that I had shown him. We were wild, spontaneous, driven mad by the scenarios running through our head about how all our friends would react to seeing our naked bodies. The room was soon filled with the smacking sounds of his lips. I felt a gentle tug as he sucked at my clit. I enjoyed the brisk flick of his playful tongue.
I'd never seen Chris rip open a condom wrapper and slide it onto his cock so fast. I climbed into his lap and sunk myself onto his manhood immediately. We wrapped our arms and legs around each other, rocking our hips in unison. I love lotus position. There's nothing like feeling your boyfriend's warm body pressed against yours, his steely hard cock moving deep inside you, while your bodies fit snugly together, allowing you to gaze into each other's eyes.
As I began to whip my hips faster and faster, back and forth against his body, I let slip another realization about what we were in for.
"Oh my god... all my girlfriends are going to see your penis!" I laughed. "Like, we're totally going to talk about it in detail together over drinks, while you're not there!" I exclaimed, stating the obvious. Chris laughed. I mused, "Will that be weird for you, baby? When we go hang out with them and they're all secretly thinking about your big, sexy cock that we've been gossiping about?"
"N-no..." Chris sputtered breathlessly. "They can do that..."
"Are you going to talk about my body with your friends?" I asked, my eyes darting left and right to gauge his excitement.
"Shit..." mumbled Chris as I grinded against him, "I talk about your tits all the time."
"You do?!" I laughed. He nodded eagerly. I threw my head back and laughed some more, then I thrust my chest out, proudly putting my boobs on display and swung them back and forth as a tease. "You mean these babies?" He continued to nod enthusiastically. "Now they're gonna see them and know exactly what you're always going on about. Won't they be jealous..."
He groaned and cupped my breasts with a hungry look in his eyes. Chris was practically wincing, trying to keep it together, and I knew how much my teasing was having an effect on him. He began to suckle my nipples as I rode him passionately.
"What about that girl who gawks at you, at work?" I whispered into his ear, making sure to return his gaze back to my eyes every time his pleasure sent him reeling.
"W-which girl?" he mumbled.
"Which? How many are there?!"
He snapped out of his trance and laughed. "What girl are you referring to?"
"The one with all the tattoos. I think she's a graphic designer. Every time I've been in there she looks at me like she wants to strangle me to death and take my place."
He snickered. "You mean Gisele," Chris replied, as if this description made it finally obvious who I was talking about.
"Yeah. Trust me, I know her type. When she gets home after work her biggest decision of the evening is not what she's gonna get for dinner, but whether she wants to break out the dildo or the magic wand."
He grinned back at me. I could feel him throbbing uncontrollably inside me. I felt how much he was into this.
I continued, "When you come into work tomorrow, she's gonna have her eyes on you every single second of the day. She won't stop thinking about what she saw, what you've got down here. She'll be so fucking wet that she'll probably squeak like a mouse when she walks." He laughed. "She'll have to keep going to the bathroom, thinking that she peed herself but find that no, she's just super wet. She'll have to bring an extra pair of panties to work."
I bit my lip and swung my hips back and forth, sending Chris' member plunging faster and faster into my silken, liquid depths, torturing him with every flick of my body. "Ngh!" I groaned, as I felt myself soaking his cock. "And when she gets home, she'll whip out one of her toys. A big, fat silicone dildo. You know she's got your fucking name written on one, right? I used to do that with guys I liked. Poor Gisele's gonna fuck herself all night with the long, hard Chris-dildo. Don't you think? Screaming your name. Begging you to make her come. Begging you to plunge that big cock of yours into her wet pussy. This big guy right here."
I began to bounce up and down on his upright cock, watching it sink into my body and reemerge glistening with my own cum. He grabbed my ass and added some extra force to my feverish buoyancy. I let my nipples brush playfully against his goofy grin.
"But no, it's mine. Allll mine," I laughed.
"Fuck -- Ana!" he began to moan.
"Ngh! Fuck me Chris!" I screamed, as I felt him piston his cock as quickly as possible through the tight, wet canal that he called home. I gazed down at the sloppy, dripping mess that he turned me into as I glided up and down on his massive, slick and swollen erection.
"Mmgh!" he groaned as he drove himself inside me over and over, watching me alternate between giddy laughter and cries of pleasure. I found myself imagining that we weren't alone; that the room was suddenly crowded with our friends and acquaintances, our neighbors, our coworkers, even those art students, all watching. Watching as I arched my back and rode Chris like a fucking cowgirl, watching as my boobs swung freely about, the ones he loved so much, as I let go completely, opening myself up to the whims of passion.
Watching as I finally screamed out in crisis, collapsing forward as my body convulsed with pleasure. Mumbling as if I were possessed, urging my hips frantically against his body as if ebbing and flowing with the surging waves that coursed through me while I squirted relentlessly. I felt Chris reaching an orgasm at the same time, driving his cock into me with a helpless need to release, then spasming over and over, pumping his warm cum inside me with a delirious look that was so adorably tender and vulnerable.
I collapsed on his chest, rising and falling softly as he gasped for air. He leaned down and covered me with sweet kisses, the type that I have always cherished the most. We lay there in a heap, quietly recovering and smiling softly into each other's heaving, perspiring bodies.
Then, a few minutes later, as with any other self-respecting couple worn out by a spontaneous fuck (I'd imagine?...) we found ourselves craving pizza. Hey, we're simple city folk. We like to celebrate with a cheese slice on the corner.
We soon sat there by the window, our lips glossy and red with sauce, joking about how our tweet would go viral. In one of my more attractive moments, with a particularly sexy strand of cheese extending from my lip which no doubt looked like... something else, I blurted, "Maybe they'll write one of those news stories about us, about the newest crazy thing that someone did on social media."
Chris laughed as I began one of my usual hyper, post-coitus ramblings.
"You know the ones, right? It'll start with an italicized warning like, 'This article contains graphic imagery and descriptions of nudity.' And then it'll say, 'New York couple Ana Fleiss and Chris Locke spontaneously decided one day to share themselves with the world. Their nude bodies, that is. And share them they did... to every single person they knew.' And then the whole article is designed to make you say, 'So where is the photo?! Show us the photo?!'"
Chris nodded enthusiastically while munching on his slice.
"And then, finally, at the very end, they write, 'Click below to view the image. You've been warned!'"
Chris exclaimed, "Yes! And then you click it..."
I interrupted, "Yes! And there we are! You and me completely naked!" A couple guys at the table next to us turned and gawked at us.
I remember the rest of that Sunday afternoon pretty clearly. After pizza we went out for drinks. Met a few friends. Hit a record store on the way home. In some ways it was a Sunday like any other, but beneath the surface Chris and I were giddy, nervous, and excited, about to do something that felt like it would forever change and free us.
I don't think we even really discussed it. We just came home, made some dinner, and chatted about pretty much everything except but what we were about to do.
Then finally we just looked at each other as if to say, "Well, it's time."
I sent the final edit of the photo to my phone, then opened Twitter. I saw Chris take a deep breath. I did too. All the anxiety that had been building to that moment left me feeling as if I was suspended at the edge of a cliff, and I was about to let go.
He watched as I attached the image to my tweet. "#SelfieSunday" I simply wrote. We both burst out laughing. I hovered my finger over the button to send the tweet. Chris and I smiled at each other, and then...
I pressed it.
Just like that, the image of us standing there naked and fully exposed was set loose into the world, for all to see. Chris picked up his phone and retweeted it. The deafening silence lasted mere seconds. All of a sudden, my phone went off with an alert. And another. His started going off too.
"Oh man, this is going to be interesting," he said, as he went to check the responses.
"Wait..." I said, holding down his phone. He raised his eyebrow at me. "Don't check yet," I said, smiling.
"Why? Don't you--"
"Just don't."
"Okay," he said, putting his phone back down.
I muted both our phones, then casually got up and went to wash some dishes, still grinning. He laughed and came to dry them. We stood there, silently, occasionally hearing the dull buzz of our phones on the couch. When we finished, I briefly picked up my phone. There were already 18 replies on Twitter, 3 missed phone calls, and 7 text messages.
"Should we check now?" asked Chris.
"Nah. You wanna go for a walk? I just want to take some time to enjoy this moment. I don't care where we go," I said.
Chris laughed. "Sure."
"Okay. I'm not gonna bother taking my phone," I said, smirking.
"All right," he said, "me neither." After a quick, nervous pee, I met him by the door. "Are you ready?" Chris asked. "We might meet someone we know. It's a whole new world out there. Everyone will have seen us naked!"
"I know!" I exclaimed. "Let's go embrace it together. Then we can come home and see what kind of damage we did."
"That's a deal," Chris snickered. He hugged me and then stepped out into the hall. I turned off the light and smiled at the screens of our phones, still lighting up to alert us to new activity.
We went for a long walk in perfect silence. I don't know for how long. But it was a special moment -- before having to face my mom's anger, and the reality of what I'd just done, which I knew I'd inevitably have to get through before I could really start enjoying my new life as an exhibitionist.
Here's the thing:
I wanted to live in the anticipation of it all -- for as long as possible. The anticipation of what people's reactions would be, seeing Ana's naked body. Ana who they worked with every day and would greet the following morning. Ana who they hung out with on the weekends. The Ana they went to school with or used to date. Perhaps the Ana they've known since they were little. For some, the Ana they've always dreamed of, that they've always wanted to make love to. Ana whose raw, naked body was shockingly beautiful and sexy and deeply arousing.
It was the point of maximum possibility. My reintroduction to the world. That moment that would happen only once and I'd never get back. I wanted to linger in that moment for as long as I possibly could, imagining what our friends were seeing, feeling, even doing with themselves in secret, to process the startlingly erotic thrill of a mystery revealed.
After some time, when Chris and I had spent a few minutes resting on a park bench, I turned to him and said, "Okay, I'm ready." He grinned, stood up, and offered me his hand like a perfect gentleman and teammate.
We strolled back home, just like that, palm to palm, as if mimicking the very photo we'd taken, ready and willing to find out just where our new adventure would take us.
I chuckled to myself.
One thing was for sure: whatever it was, wherever we were headed, whatever we were rapidly getting ourselves into... at the very least, there was absolutely no risk of being overdressed for the party when we got there!
***
Thanks for reading -- and Happy National Nude Day!
If you enjoyed this contest submission, please don't forget to tap the stars to vote, and enjoy the other great Nude Day submissions!