Barry stands by the door, holding it wide open. "Come on dude! No point in waiting!"
He's right.
I hop out of bed, and creep my way over to the door. Peeking out, my heart sinks. Half the doors in the hall are wide open. Amidst all of the insanity, I kinda forgot it was move-in day.
If anyone looks out their door, they're gonna see me, running down to the shower butt-ass naked, coated in my own cum.
I turn to Barry. "Alright...do you know which way the bathroom is?"
"Yep, one sec!" Barry replied, as he jogged to the end of the hall, like ten rooms down. Tapping on a distinct looking door, he said "Right here Buddy! This is the bathroom, shower included! Come on down!"
It's a relatively short distance, but my...condition...makes it look like a damn mile.
Alright. I just gotta go.
I take my first step back into the hall. I feel the transition from carpet to wood flooring on my bare foot.
You got this, Jack...ready...set...GO!
I launch into a sprint down the hall, my naked legs launching me forward like rockets. This is insane. I feel my cock and balls bouncing with every step.
I pass the first door on my left. I don't turn to look, I can't, but I hear what was very clearly someone burst out in laughter.
I pass the second door, and I hear what sounds like an older woman scream in shock. Must be a mom helping her kid unpack. Gotta keep moving.
There's only a few strides between each door, but it feels so like an eternity.
Another door. "HOLY SHIT!"
Another door. "WHAT THE FUCK"
Another door. Nothing.
Another door. Nothing.
Another door. "WOOOOHOOOOO!"
Another door. Nothing.
Another door. "ROCK IT DUDE!"
They're all a mix of masculine and feminine voices. The comments are getting to me. All this attention is like a drug. I feel unstoppable!
Next up on my right is the elevator. Oh fuck, it's opening.
By the time I pass, it's fully open, and out of my peripheral vision I see what I think is a full fucking family of five: the new student, parents, siblings and all.
After I pass them, I hear several gasps behind me. They're probably all looking at me. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if everyone is staring out their door at me. But I can't turn around to check. I need to keep running.
The next few doors are uneventful as I near Barry and the showers. Barry has this big grin on his face like he can't believe what he's seeing, and as always, enjoying the sheer confidence needed to do something like this.
Out of nowhere, from the door right in front of the bathroom, a short girl with blonde hair steps out into the hallway, distracted, looking down at her phone...AND I'M MOVING TOO FAST TO STOP!
SLAM!
Suddenly, without warning, I'm lying face first on the ground...on top of this girl.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
As she comes to her senses, she quickly realizes her situation: she is lying flat on her back, with a large, sweaty, cum-covered, naked man on top of her.
She doesn't scream or anything. She's just speechless, and stares me in the eyes trying to get some sort of words out.
"A-ah, I-"
I can feel her clothed body against my naked one. I can feel my dick pressing against her leg. I can feel my cum getting all over her clothes.
Holy fuck. This is the last thing I needed to happen. My face turns beet red. I'll inevitably see this girl again and have to explain this to her, but right now, I need to get the hell off of her and into the shower.
"S-sorry!" I squawk out, as I scramble off of her and into the bathroom door, which is being lovingly held open by the very entertained Barry.
------------------------------------
Once the door closes behind me, I take a second to get a grasp on things. Holy shit.
In the past half hour, I went from being a normal college student, to being naked with my bombshell RA, to being seen naked by a beautiful redhead in the hall, to being naked in front of my roommate, to JERKING OFF in front of my roommate, to being seen naked by probably everyone in the hall, and potentially they're family members, to falling naked on top of a girl I've never even seen before, laying on top of her for several seconds.
What a rush, and I have shockingly mixed feelings. Maybe I'll think about that in the shower. Oh yeah, the shower. That's why I'm here.
Luckily(?) the bathroom is entirely empty, so I'm able to hop right in the shower. Feels fuckin weird not having to undress or anything. I guess there are some quality-of-life conveniences that come with total nudity too...
I turn on the hot water, and take peace in it rolling down my body...
As the hot water and soap ran over my body, I couldn't help think about the day so far. The first day of my new, nudist life.
First it was Michelle. Then the redhead on the way to my room. Then Barry. Then who knows how many people on my way to the shower. There were a lot of open rooms, some where I clearly heard more than one person.
At least twenty people have seen me butt naked. But I know that's small potatoes compared to what's to come. There's like 19,000 students at this school.
On one hand, this is some of the most embarrassing shit any person could possibly go through. So totally and utterly exposed: my cock and balls on full display to the world.
On the other hand, this is some of the craziest, most exciting shit any person can go through. Everyone was looking at me, taking in my most intimate details like a zoo... God...
Not a fan of these contradicting emotions!
------------------------------------
I step out of the shower, soaking wet. I completely forgot to bring a towel, so I'm just standing here naked, dripping water from head to toe. Water's slowly running off my dick like a mini waterfall.
Eyes closed, I lift my arms up and take a big stretch, getting up on the tips of my toes. And when I open my eyes, I find myself immediately face to face with another person.
My brain very quickly registered their outfit (blue beanie, pink band t-shirt, leather jacket, ripped jeans, and boots), before my eyes locked in on their face...it was oddly feminine for a men's bathroom. They were looking at me with a blank expression.
Oh no.
I started looking around frantically, but no other people were in sight. "Oh god, did Barry lead me to the wrong bathroom? I swear I'll-"
As I was panicking, not wishing for my first impression to be "the guy who walked around the women's bathroom naked and soaking wet," my spectator crossed their arms and raised an eyebrow. A very confident sly expression.
They chuckled. "Hey pal, relax. I ain't a chick, and this isn't the lady's room."
I snap back to reality after hearing those words. Shit, I just assumed this guy was a woman to his face.
"Oh fuck man, I didn't mean-"
"Haha, and don't sweat it," they said. They extended their hand out for a handshake (much to my surprise, considering my nudity and my wetness).
"I'm not a guy either. Name's Aster."
"Oh I see, so this is the..."
"It's a gender-neutral bathroom. Since our floor is co-ed on both sides, we don't divide our bathrooms by gender"
Holy shit! So now I won't even just be exposed to men when stepping out of the shower! What the hell is going on with this school!?
"Ooooooh I got it. Sorry about that. I'm still getting used to things."
Aster smirked, "Yeah, I feel ya. So, what's your story, big guy?"
"I'm Jack Henderson. I'm a first year here. Photography Major. I'm in Room E24"
"Figured you're a frosh. I'm a second year, Art student.. Room E05."
I saw Aster's eyes drift up and down, scanning my body.
"Well, I'd love for you to stay and chat, but don't you have some drying off and dressing up to do?" they said, keeping the same cocky smirk, keeping their eyes locked on my dick.
Fuck. Aster was so chill and casual I kinda forgot I'm fucking naked and dripping wet. My face quickly turned beet red.
Instinctively, I start frantically apologizing. "Oh! Shit! I'm sorry!"
Aster seems a bit taken aback. "Woah woah woah, easy dude! I'm not bothered! Honest!"
"You're...not?" I respond confusedly.
Aster leans forward. "Why would I be? I mean, everyone's got a dick or a pussy. Who gives a fuck? We're all naked under our clothes."
Huh. I never thought of it like that.
Still nervous and embarrassed, I try responding. "Y-yeah. I guess you're right."
"You got a nice bod too, for what it's worth. You just gotta learn how to relax. Who cares what anyone else has to say?" Aster declares.
This...isn't bad advice.
"Thanks, I appreciate it."
"Don't sweat it. I think everyone's gotta learn how to take things in stride. Why dontcha swing by my place sometime to chill?"
"I'd love too."
They look back down at my dick, and point at it, their finger only about an inch away from it. "You should probably still cover up though, for your own sake, yeah?" they laugh.
Oh right. They don't know about the program.
"Oh, uh, yeah. I'm actually...it's a long story. I'll fill you in some other time. It was nice meeting you!" I quickly respond
I'd just have to force myself to do it, I turned 90° and walked towards the door.
Aster raised their eyebrows. "Uh yeah, you too, hot shot" they said. Their cool confident demeanor was definitely shaken by the sight of a big soaking wet dude walking straight out into the hall in his birthday suit.
Still very wet, and still very naked, I step into the hall, as the bathroom door closes behind me.
------------------------------------
As the door to the bathroom closes behind me, I once again find myself naked in the hall, with my destination several doors down.
Last time I ran, but this time...this time I gotta take things slower. I'm not going to be able to sprint everywhere and hope nobody sees me. Fact of the matter is I'm gonna be doing a hell of a lot of normal walking around campus like this. So why not start now?
I start walking at a nice casual pace, as if nothing was out of the ordinary.
I think about what Aster said. Everyone's naked under the clothes. I should just chill and be cool about it. They also said I have a nice bod...
Then I think about when Michelle and I were in the hall. We were both naked, but she strutted down to my room like she owned the place. When that red head girl saw us, Michelle just talked to her like it was nothing.
If I'm gonna survive four years like this, everyone seeing every inch of me, maybe I gotta be like that, or at least try.
I just gotta own it, and pretend it's normal. Just act like nothing's up. Everyone can be looking right at my dick, and I just gotta talk to them like I'm wearing clothes. I could be rock-hard and horny in front of dozens, no, hundreds of people, and I gotta put on a straight face. Embrace it and act cool.
Even if it's a complete facade and I feel like I'm going to explode from embarrassment, that's gotta be my act. And hopefully over time, I start to fool myself, and I really do start to feel casual about this whole thing.
Yeah. Yeah. That'll be the new me! No more panicking or frantic apologizing! I'm going everywhere in my birthday suit, and I'm gonna pretend there's absolutely nothing wrong with that!
I keep walking down the hall as I think of all this. My pace picks up as I'm filled with determination.
Oh shit, a few doors ahead of me, two people stepped into the hall and closed the door behind them. They look like parents, probably just dropped off their kid.
Ok. Keep it cool Jack. Remember. Treat it like the most normal shit in the world. I keep walking at the same steady pace.
As the mother turns her head, to head to the elevator, she sees me, and instantly lets out a scream. "AAEEEAAAAAHHH!"
The father darts his head in my direction, and himself yells out "NOW WHAT IN TARNATION?"
That attention. Oh god. They're both staring right at me, all their attention directed at my nudity. It feels like a lightning bolt just shot across my body. I want to cover myself. I want to scream. I want to frantically apologize. But I can't. I gotta keep it cool...
I play dumb. "Woah woah woah! What's wrong?" I say as I come to a stop in front of them.
"What's wrong, you're askin!?" the father yells, "Put some clothes on, boy! How dare you expose yourself like that, let alone in front of my wife!"
"Relax!" I say in a comforting tone. "This is part of a new scholarship. I volunteered to attend college naked as part of a sort of research scholarship the school's putting on. They're trying to study people's reaction to the naked form in today's society. Like why do people react the way they do to what should be the most natural state. And hopefully, everyone gets more comfortable with it by the end."
The mother's mood quickly shifts, as she stops covering her eyes and looks right at me. "Y-you volunteered to do this, for the sake of social research? Oh my, how noble!"
"Yep! They offered me a nice cut off of my tuition, plus I just wanted to do some good!
The dad is less aggressive, but clearly still annoyed and stern about the whole thing, but he lets his wife keep speaking. She continues "Oh I can't imagine how embarrassing this much be for you, yet you bare through it all for the sake of the study!"
"Yeah," the father grumbled, looking away, "Sorry for yellin at ya."
"Oh don't worry! Getting reactions like this is all part of the job." I assure them.
As I talk to them, I can feel my the blood rushing to my cock as it's begins slowly rising. Fuck. These two are watching my get a boner in real-time, and I can't do anything about it, and just need to pretend this isn't all fucking insane.
The mother has her eyes on my growing member. "Oh my. What a noble young man, putting himself out there for academic research! So handsome too! Our daughter would be lucky to have a man like you!" she said, unable to stop staring. It was clear that she was getting a little aroused herself.
The dad grumbled, "Well let's not get too ahead of ourselves, Nancy."
"I really appreciate it. Have a good day you two!" I say as I walk off.
"Eh and you too." the dad mutters as he walks off.
"Good luck, young man!" says the mother, following her husband.
------------------------------------
Holy shit. Keeping it cool was hard, but I did it. I fucking did it. Let's hope there's no more encounters like that for right now.
Before I knew it, my cock was at full mast. I guess all that pent up pressure really got to me. But, the door to my room is right there, so I should be in the cle-
And right as I was about to reach my room, the door directly across from it opened, and out stepped the same red-headed girl that saw Michelle and I earlier.
Obviously, she noticed me, and recognized me as the same naked dude from earlier, except now soaking wet and with a raging hard-on.
She burst out laughing. "Woah dude! Lost your towel again?!"
I felt like I was on fire. I can't just act normally through all this. There's no way! Nobody could!...But Michelle did. She stood right here, ass naked, flaunting it all, and talked to this girl like nothing was wrong. Maybe I can do this.
I bury all my anxieties, shoving them deep down. It doesn't matter if I'm naked. It doesn't matter if this girl can see every inch of my, soaking wet, and visibly horny.
I take a deep breath, but not one big enough for her to notice.
"Nope, I'm just naked!" I say with a dorky smile across my face.
She's surprised, still giggling, "Yeah, I can see that. But why?"
Fuck it. Let's try something new. Let's tell her truth. The whole truth, and just see what happens.
"I'm actually part of this new scholarship. It's all about Human Sexuality," I lean back against my door, getting more casual, "and one of the rules is that I gotta be naked."
She stops laughing, genuinely interested, but still with a huge amused smile, as she leans against her side of the wall. "Woah, for real? How long."
"24/7. Until I graduate." I say like it's the most normal thing in the world.
Her jaw drops. "No shit!? That's nuts! And you signed up for that yourself?"
"Sure did."
"Why?!"
"Half off my tuition. Maybe even more down the road."
She's absolutely flabbergasted. I can see her eyes running all over me, but they often center on my erect cock.
"Is anyone else doing the scholarship?" she asks, really wanting every detail of this whole thing.
"They choose one guy and one girl, so yeah there's a freshman girl somewhere with the same deal as me. I haven't met her yet though. Don't even know her name actually."
"That's fuckin wild, dude!" I can see her eyes are locked on my dick now. It's still hard as a rock, and this whole interaction is starting to push me over the edge. I think I feel a little pre-cum coming out.
"So like, all you gotta do is be naked the whole time? That's it?" she asks.
Oh boy. I'm really gonna show my full hand here.
"No, there's way more to it than that. The big thing is that you can't do any sex stuff alone."
"W-what?"
I was getting even hornier having to explain all the details of my exposure..
"First of all I can't jerk it in private. I either gotta have someone watching me, or I gotta do it somewhere really in the open where anyone could walk in on me. Like in this hall where someone could just step in and see me."
I think I just saw her lick her lips. I bet she was imagining that.
"Second, with actual sex, I can do it in private since there's obviously gonna be a second person there. But they said they really want you to go for public sex stuff. Apparently I can get rewards or something, but they didn't tell me about that yet." I felt like I was going to explode after telling her all that, and watching her face as I said every word.
Her jaw was on the floor. Her eyes were wide opened. She looked absolutely stunned, with this big bewildered grin, and I can't blame her. She thought she caught some poor schmuck who got his towel stolen, and now she's having some naked dude with a huge boner casually explain how he's gonna be going around campus fully nude, jerking off and having sex in front of everyone.
Her stone face cracked, and she started to laugh again.
"That's crazy dude! H-how are you're so casual about all this? I mean you're telling me all this like it's nothing!" she says
"Well y'know. Everyone's got a dick or a pussy. No big deal." I repeat Aster's words.
She has the goofiest grin I've ever seen. She's loving every word that comes out of my mouth.
She tries to regain a bit of her composure, but she's clearly struggling to take her eyes off my boner, now visibly topped with a drop of pre-cum.
"Just realized I never asked. What's your name, dude?"
"Jack Henderson. First year photographer major. You?"
"I'm Janette Martins. Second year digital sciences major."
"Nice to meet ya, Janette!" I smile at her.
"You too naked boy!" That nickname sent a burst of energy down my spine, as if I wasn't already close to exploding.
She's about to head back into her room, when she stops herself, "Oh! I just remembered!" she turns back to me.
"I'm part of the Alpha Zeta Omega sorority, and we're having a party tomorrow night! It's a pretty closed off thing, mainly just for the new girls who wanna join, but I think it'd be pretty wild if you showed up. Interested?" she was very eager for a yes.
Holy shit. Naked at a sorority party, just partying with all these girls. I can't imagine.
"Sure! Why not? I'll be there!" I answer with very little hesitation.
She nearly jumps in excitement. "Yes! Awesome! Here's my Snapchat username, I'll send you all the details" she says as she scribbles on a scrap of paper and hands it to me.
"Oh, I don't have Snapchat, but I'll get it ASAP!"
"Great! See ya around nudie neighbor!" she giggled to herself and she heads back into her room."
Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy shit. This is the most fucked up and aroused I've been yet, and I'm holding it all in. This "cool and casual" act is going to be difficult, but it's so fuckin hot.
------------------------------------
I head back into my room, and notice Barry is absent. Weird.
Oh well. I dry off with my towel hanging on the door, and just hop in bed. Normally, I'd relieve all that pent up tension right now, but obviously I can't, so I just kinda lay in bed and wait for my hard-on to die down. Not exactly sure I'm at the point where I can start knocking on doors seeking out someone to watch me masturbate to completion.
A few minutes later, Barry steps in with a backpack over his shoulder.
He calls over to me. "Hey dude, how'd the shower go? Meet anyone along the way?"
He wanted all the details. And I gave them to him. I told him about Aster, the parents in the hall, and Janette.
"Holy shit! Look at you go, Mr Confident!"
"Yep!" I reply, "I think that's just gonna be my angle from now on."
"Feelin hungry?" Barry asks.
"Yeah, why?"
"Some friends and I are about to head out for dinner. We're heading to a BBQ place just a short walk away from dorms. You wanna come with?"
Now this was the big moment. Heading out on campus. This was one of the biggest jumps I'd have to make.
I don't know if I'm ready. It was hard enough keeping the confident guy act up in front of one or two people. How the hell am I going to manage myself out in the open?
Part of me wanted more time to practice around the dorms, maybe even get used to jerking it in front of others.
But another part of me just wanted to run in and take the plunge, like I've already done multiple times in other regards. Hell, classes start in three days, so maybe I wanna be used to this by then. But then again, this is my first day and I've only been naked for like two hours at most. It's all moving so fucking fast.
What am I gonna do?