Ben had been friends with James since college. They met in their freshman dorm at Syracuse, and two years later moved into an off-campus house with a few other friends, where they had some of the best times of their lives: partying, picking up girls, and doing just enough studying to maintain their GPAs. After they graduated, James got a job at a tech startup in Atlanta and Ben decided to follow him; they got along well, and Atlanta was a fun and cheap place to live. Ben got a job at an engineering firm, and they spent the next few years living it up as young, eligible bachelors in a vibrant, growing city. James was nearly the perfect roommate: friendly but not nosey, neat but not uptight. He worked a lot, but when he was at home he was usually smoking weed or drinking beer, which he offered freely to anyone in the room.
James was also a tall, good-looking young man, who brought home a nearly endless stream of beautiful women that he met online, in bars, at the grocery store, the park... once even a girl who worked at the adult video store. Ben wasn't a bad-looking guy himself but he was shy, and lacked confidence. Next to his taller, more charismatic friend, Ben tended to fade into the background. This was the one downside to having James around, the way he seemed to suck up all the oxygen in the room. It was nice that he brought such beautiful girls around, and occasionally one of them might introduce Ben to a (slightly less attractive) friend of hers, but more than once Ben worried about bringing a girl home himself, afraid she might meet James and all of a sudden not find him so great by comparison. Many other nights he lay alone in his bed listening to James have sex in the other room, hearing women praise his dick or ask him to pull their hair or just scream 'Fuck me harder!,' which James was always happy to do. Sometimes Ben would put on headphones to drown it out, but other times—especially if she was a talker—he would take his dick out and start stroking it while he listened to her telling James everything she wanted him to do to her, how she wanted him to have all of her holes, to stretch them out with his fat cock and leave a big load of cum in her pussy.
Sometimes the sex would be over before he came and Ben would sigh, get up and find his laptop and his headphones, and finish himself off watching porn. More often though the sex would go on for a long time, and Ben would find himself laying there depressed with a puddle of his own cum cooling on his chest. In the moment it was hot, listening to his friend bang out some gorgeous chick and imagining what her pussy looked like, the way her tits swayed while she was being fucked from behind. But when it was all over he felt creepy, and a little ashamed.
Those small tremors of guilt were inconsequential though once James started bringing Cat home. Cat had one of the cutest faces and filthiest mouths Ben had ever heard. She was the true embodiment of the closet freak: during the day she was bubbly and cute and said 'the f-word' instead of fuck; but at night, when she went into James' room, it was a whole other story. Ben would lay in his room listening while Cat let loose with a torrent of dirty talk: "Come on baby fuck me, fuck that pussy, own that pussy daddy, that's your pussy daddy, that's your pussy. That's right, stretch me out baby, fill me up with that dick, fill up this tight little pussy with that big hard cock, leave this pussy dripping baby...'
The first time James brought Cat home was a Friday night. Ben didn't even see her before she disappeared into his room and they started fucking, but just listening to her talk dirty while she got her pussy hammered was enough to make him cum harder than he had in weeks. It must have had a similar effect on James because about thirty seconds after Ben came he heard James grunt 'Oh, fuck,' and then shoot what must have been a huge load over Cat, prompting her to say loudly 'Jesus James, where did all thatcomefrom?' and then, giggling, 'where did all thatcumcome from?'
Sounds like a Dr Seuss book for adults, thought Ben as he wiped his own cum off his chest with a t-shirt and threw it in the hamper. He stood there for a moment, waiting for his dick to soften a little so he could take a piss. When it did, he pulled on a pair of sweatpants. He figured Cat and James would still be lying in post-coital bliss for at least a few minutes, but better safe than sorry.
Ben's room was at the end of the hall, right across from the bathroom. He took a long piss, then shook himself off and washed his hands. When he walked out the door he practically ran right into Cat, standing there in the hallway completely naked. She was about five-foot-six, with big plump breasts and a gorgeous firm ass. There was a mischievous quality to her brown Bambi eyes, and the dark brown hair that cascaded down her back had a tousled, just-fucked look, a few strands still clinging to the perspiration on her forehead. If this wasn't enough of a giveaway, the trail of semen dribbling from her chin all the way to her belly button certainly was. James had indeed unleashed a huge load of cum on her, and it didn't look like she had bothered to clean up one bit of it.
"You must be Ben," she said innocently, smiling at him to reveal two gorgeous dimples and a large mouth of perfectly white teeth. "My name is Cat." She held out her hand. Ben, still stunned by the sight of her, stood frozen as he watched the cum begin to leak from her belly button and head down towards the small strip of neatly manicured pubic hair above her pussy lips, which were puffy and bright pink. After a couple seconds Cat reached out and took his hand and shook it gently. Then she leaned in and whispered into his ear "You know Ben, it's not polite to stare," and with a mischievous smile stepped past him and into the bathroom, shutting the door and leaving Ben dumbfounded.
The next morning he slept in, and when he woke up James was sitting on the couch in the living room, drinking coffee and watchingSportsCenter. Ben poured himself a cup and sat down next to him.
"Good night?" he asked casually.
"Oh, my god," said James, lowering his mug and turning to Ben, "this chick I brought home." His eyes were wide and he was clearly struggling between a desire not to brag or rub it in, and an inescapable need to describe the experience he had just had.
"Sexy?"
"God yes," said James. He lowered his voice almost reverentially: "This girl has the wettest pussy I've ever seen."
Ben offered the only appropriate response he could to this information, which was to suck his breath in and say "Damn."
"And the shit that came out of this girl's mouth... Well, I guess you probably heard some of it," James said, smiling abashedly at what they both knew but rarely acknowledged: that the walls in the apartment were very thin.
"I might've heard a thing or two," said Ben, grinning and raising his mug towards James. James cheers'd him and they both laughed.
Ben knew he had a decision to make right now about whether or not to tell James what had happened the night before.Not that anything happened, Ben thought.I ran into Cat on the way to the bathroom, she introduced herself, that was it. Nothing remarkable about that. Yeah,said another voice in his head. Except for the part where she was naked and covered in your roommate's jizz. And the fact that she didn't even try to cover herself up.
Finally Ben said "It's a shame I didn't get to meet her," hoping Cat hadn't told him what happened.
"Well," said James, standing up and looking at his watch. "You will. But I have to go to work now." The startup that James worked for often had him coming in on Saturday afternoons, and occasionally even Sundays, although he had recently started to feel like he was established enough to refuse the Sunday requests.
"Wow, you must really like her if you're bringing her back again," said Ben, which wasn't entirely true; James slept with a lot of girls, but he usually had flings that would last for several weeks, rather than one night stands.
"I don't have to," said James, "She's here. And so's my Lyft." And with those words, he was out the door, leaving Ben choking on his coffee.
Still here?thought Ben. He had slept in late in part because he was hoping to avoid seeing Cat this morning.Although that was when James was aroundhe thought, a dangerous idea that he pushed away as quickly as possible. Nevertheless he found himself headed to the bathroom to brush his teeth and check out his appearance in the mirror. Satisfied that he was presentable (if still not as attractive as James), he turned and opened the door to find Cat once again waiting on the other side.
This time she was dressed, though barely, in a black thong and tank top. As Ben came out of the bathroom she was yawning and stretching, bending backwards so that her breasts were pushed forward and seemed to be barely contained by the thin tank top; her nipples were clearly visible poking through. As Ben took all this in he was once again transfixed, his mind stalling like it was caught in the mud.
"Still staring, huh Ben?" said Cat when she opened her eyes, although she didn't sound mad; more amused.
"Sorry," said Ben, recovering more quickly this time. "I didn't mean to be rude. I didn't know you were here."
"Oh really," said Cat in an ambiguous tone, not exactly a question but not an accusation either. For a moment Ben began to be suspicious of the timing of their meeting; had she been listening, waiting for James to leave before she emerged from his room?Don't flatter yourself, Ben thought.
"Yeah, James just kind of ran out the door. Anyway, do you need like, a towel or something?"
"That would be wonderful," said Cat, smiling up at him. Ben found himself looking for traces of dried cum on her chin, but he couldn't be sure. "I could really use a shower. Can you just bring the towel in for me? I'll leave the door open." And with that, she turned and walked past Ben into the bathroom, peeling off her tank top. Ben hesitated, then went to the hall closet and took out the plushest towel they had and brought it back to the bathroom. When he got there Cat was already in the shower.
The shower curtain was a thin beige piece of fabric on one side and transparent plastic on the other. With the shower light on Ben could clearly see Cat's silhouette. From the side, her breasts jutted out impressively. They were big and firm and Ben could see Cat running her hands over them and pinching her nipples, which Ben was pretty sure was not necessary for cleaning purposes. He was standing there, holding the towel, wondering whether to stay or go, when she spoke:
"Sometimes you just really need a shower, you know? Like, when you're just really filthy. You know what I mean, Ben?" She went on without waiting for him to speak. "Just all sticky with cum, and pussy juice. I mean, all over. But you know that." Ben's cock gave a little twitch. He could see that her left hand had moved to her clit, rubbing it very lightly. "I just feel like such a whore being covered in all that cum. Like someone's just been using my body as a piece of meat. Just a bunch of holes." He could see her other hand now creep down to her vagina, parting her lips and gently beginning to probe with a finger. He was starting to get hard now.
"But you know what I love, Ben? What I love, after a night of having your roommate stuff my pussy with his big hard cock?" Cat slid a finger inside herself. "I love when I open up my pussy lips and smell myself, and remember how hard I came, and how it felt to have that cock deep inside me... fuck..." She was fucking herself in earnest now, one hand rubbing furiously on her clit while the other one pumped in and out of her cunt. "God, it gets me wet all over again just thinking about you listening to me get fucked by your roommate."
Ben's dick was rock hard now and he reached down and squeezed it through the fabric of his sweatpants. He wanted badly to take it out and start jerking off, but wasn't sure he had been given permission yet, and he didn't want to ruin what was happening right now. Cat was moaning and fucking herself and saying his name over and over, "Oh Ben, oh Ben, Ben, Ben," but she hadn't told him to take out his cock, or to join her in the shower. He just stood, squeezing on his pulsing member and watching Cat bring herself to climax, which she did while screaming at what seemed to Ben in the moment like the top of her lungs. Then all of sudden she was done, and a few seconds later she had turned off the shower. When he heard the water stop Ben took his hand off his dick, but there was still a prominent tent in his pants when Cat opened the shower curtain and took the towel from him. She looked down at his dick, straining to get out of his sweatpants, and smiled as she began to towel herself off.
"You probably want a shower too," she said innocently. "I'll be out of your way in just a sec."
Once her body was relatively dry Cat stepped out of the shower and began drying her hair. She was standing very close to but not touching Ben, who himself stood motionless, not wanting to dispel what must surely be an illusion. After a minute or two Cat finished drying her hair and wrapped the towel around herself. She looked Ben directly in the eye, then looked down at the outline of his still-hard cock, and said:
"I like you, Ben. You're a real gentleman."
Then she gave his cock a little squeeze and walked out of the bathroom, shutting the door behind her.
Over the next month Cat became a regular presence at the apartment, but things never went further than they had that first morning. Ben wasn't sure exactly what James and Cat's status was—were they dating? Friends with benefits? Something in between?—but he never tried to push anything, and Cat didn't make any further advances. However, she did continue to wear little to no clothing around the apartment, and she and Ben managed to bump into each other in the hallway at night with surprising frequency, when Cat still had cum leaking out of her freshly fucked pussy, or on her face, her tits—wherever it was, she managed to find a way to show it to him as they slid past each other. She didn't reach for his dick again, but he caught her glancing at it more than a few times, and he could tell she liked seeing that he was turned on. On some nights Ben would try not to cum while he was listening to James and Cat having sex, so that he could show her his throbbing cock in the hallway afterwards. He started letting it poke up out of the waistband of his sweatpants so that she could see his head. Afterwards he would go back in his room and masturbate to an ecstatic orgasm.
In addition to all of this, knowing that Cat knew—and enjoyed—the fact that he was listening to her made it even hotter. He felt at times like she was talking to him directly through the wall (albeit in subtle ways that wouldn't attract James' attention), especially when she would talk about the sounds they were making, asking if he liked it when she called him daddy, if he liked the sound of the cock sliding in and out of her pussy, if he liked how sloppy and wet her pussy sounded.Yes, Ben would think,I certainly do, furiously pumping his cock and wondering if Cat was thinking about him while she came. He thought she was on at least one night, when she cried out "Yes, keep stroking baby, keep stroking, I love seeing that hard cock baby, I love knowing how much I turn you on." That night as he crept across the hallway he pulled his pants down a little lower than usual, so that almost his whole cock was exposed, his enormous head so full of blood it felt like a blowtorch. When Cat saw it she mouthed a silent 'wow' and licked her lips. Ben barely made it back to his room before he exploded.
It went on like that for weeks, until Ben felt like he was constantly in a state of sexual tension. He obsessed over his now almost-nightly meetings with Cat in the hallway, passing up on dates with other women so that he could be at home to see where on her body James was going to deposit his semen that night. He could barely keep himself from asking James if he was working on Saturdays, hoping he would be alone with Cat and maybe get to see her touching herself in the shower. When the three of them watched a movie together, he couldn't concentrate waiting for the inevitable moment when she would subtly shift her legs to give him a glimpse of her bare pussy underneath the XXL t-shirt she wore around the house.
Ben was so caught up in his lust for Cat that when his birthday rolled around, he hardly remembered it until his mom called him at work. She asked him what his plans were for his "big day" and he had to admit that he didn't have any. When his mom sounded concerned, he amended that to "I'm probably just gonna hang out with James, something quiet. I'm fine, really." When he hung up the phone, Ben decided he probably should do something for his birthday. Right on cue, he got a text from James asking if he wanted to have birthday drinks after work. "Sure," texted back Ben, glad that someone besides his mom had remembered.
He met James at a bar around the corner from his work. After a couple of beers James told him that Cat wanted to cook Ben dinner for his birthday, so they headed back to the apartment. Ben realized what was going on when he saw their friend Sharon's car parked down the street, but he played along and acted surprised when he opened the door to his apartment and found Cat standing there with about a dozen of his friends. After they all shouted "Happy Birthday!" she ran forward and gave Ben a hug, whispering in his ear so that only he could hear, "Your real present is in your dresser—it's for after." Then she said loudly, "What can we get you to drink, birthday boy?"
They spent the next few hours drinking and making merry. Ben did his best to enjoy the party, all the while wondering what the present was in his dresser, and trying not to stare too much at Cat, who was wearing a short, tight green dress that showed off all of her curves. He was sure she wasn't wearing panties, and he couldn't help trying to get a glimpse of her snatch. During a conversation with two buddies about the Falcons he found himself fighting off the urge to just walk up and reach under her dress and feel her wetness. But with all of his and James' friends around she was on her best behavior, acting like the cute, bubbly little cheerleader type she presented to the world. He spent the whole party semi-erect, and when everyone finally said goodnight and left (luckily it was a weeknight, so the celebration didn't go too long) he practically raced to his room.
In the bottom drawer of his dresser he found a note that read:Hey birthday boy, the real party starts now. But make sure it doesn't finish until I can see it. I'll wait for you in the bathroom. xoxo, Cat. Underneath the note was a bottle of lube and a Fleshlight. Ben picked it up. He had heard of these, even seen some on the shelf when he and a couple of snickering friends dared each other into going in a sex shop in college. He knew they weren't cheap. He had never used one, though. He stuck a finger into it experimentally, but didn't get far. Picking up the bottle of lube, he squirted some on his finger and began to work it into the fake pussy.Much better. He hadn't been playing with it very long before he began to hear the sounds of sex in the next room, especially Cat's voice.
"That's right baby, make me your whore. Are you gonna make me your whore? Are you gonna own me? Are you gonna own this little pussy? It's yours daddy, take it. Take that pussy. Make me your whore, make me your little cum slut."
Ben took his clothes off and lay down on his bed. He squirted some lube in his palm and starting rubbing his dick to get it hard, which didn't take long listening to Cat. He picked up the Fleshlight. Almost on cue he heard Cat say, "Come on baby, let me get on top of you, let me ride you. Let me slide this pussy down onto your cock." He positioned his cock at the entrance to the Fleshlight and when he heard Cat moan, he slid it in. "That's right baby, that's for you. You get to feel my pussy gripping your cock tonight, you get to feel it slide up and down that shaft."
Ben, who had become kind of an expert on the sound of Cat and James fucking, tried to imitate what was going on in the other room. It sounded like she was riding James slow right now, so Ben slowly stroked up and down on his cock with the artificial pussy. It felt amazing, so much better than his own hand. He closed his eyes, imaging Cat's huge tits bobbing up above him as she rode his cock.
"That's nice baby, that's nice, you have such a nice cock. I love seeing that hard cock, I love knowing how stiff I make you just thinking about me, knowing how much you want to be inside of me. Tonight you're gonna shoot your load all over me baby. I'm gonna get down on my knees so that you can blow that load all over my cute, innocent little face. Would you like that? Would you like to see your cum spread all over my face?"
Ben was certain now that she was talking directly to him, that the promise she was making now applied to him. She was going to let him nut on her face, his roommate's girlfriend with the cute, dimpled face was going to kneel down and let him cover it in his semen. He slowed down and took deep breaths to make sure he didn't lose it right then and there.
"That's right baby, all that cum is for me. All that cum is for me and I know you want to give it to me. I know you want me to have that cum baby and I want it, I want it so bad. I need it. I need to taste your cum tonight, to feel it on my face. I need you to make me your little cum slut daddy. I need you to give me that cum all over my face like a good little slut. I'm your little slut tonight daddy and you're gonna give me that cum."
Ben heard the mattress groan and a noticeable sound of flesh slapping flesh told him that James had shifted himself to get better leverage, and was now lifting his hips up off the mattress to drive himself into Cat's pussy. Ben did the same, lifting his torso up off the mattress and beginning to thrust into the pussy in his hand.
"I know it's wrong daddy, but I want it so bad. I want your cum dripping down my face, I want to see how horny I make you, I want to know how hard you cum when your little slut is down on her knees for you. Because that's what I am daddy, I'm just a little whore, I'm just a little slut who gets turned on by you listening to me."
At this last part Ben's eyes went wide and he was sure that the jig was up now. At the same time he was on the verge of popping, and he held his dick perfectly motionless inside of the incredibly real-seeming pussy, sure that any movement might trigger him. Luckily, on the other side of the wall, James didn't seem to have paid the last comment any special mind. Ben heard Cat's voice saying "That's right baby, give me that cum," and then he shut it out because he was sure he was going to blow his load if he heard another word. He got up from the bed, setting the Fleshlight on the bedside table while continuing to stroke his hard dick firmly and evenly, keeping it right on the edge while he waited for Cat.
After a few minutes he poked his head out the door and saw the bathroom door closed with the light on. He crept out, not even bothering to put on pants this time, slowly stroking his erection up and down. Opening the door he saw Cat on her knees on the floor, eyes closed and legs spread, one hand in between her thighs rubbing her slick pussy. Ben shut the door behind him silently and moved to stand right on front of. She looked up at him through the mess of freshly deposited cum on her face and said, so softly that he could barely hear her, "I'm ready for you, daddy."
That was all Ben needed. He began to unleash thick ropes of semen on to Cat's face: one, two, three, four...he emptied his balls out onto her for what seemed like hours before he finally ran out. There had already been a healthy amount of James' cum on her face, but now she was barely recognizable. One eye was plastered shut, but the other one was still gazing up at him, and she seemed to be marveling silently at the sheer amount of cum on her face. For a few glorious moments she stayed that way, kneeling as if in awe at the monstrous load he had deposited on her. Finally she got up and said softly in his ear, "How come it's your birthday but I got the present?" and gave him a little peck on the cheek. The kiss left behind a little drop of cum, although whether it was his or his roommate's Ben couldn't say. Then she shooed him out into the hallway and shut the door.
That became the new routine: after listening to Cat fuck James, Ben would sneak down the hall and blow his load on top of wherever James had, like two dogs marking the same territory. The exception was if he had come inside her; then Ben would have to settle for positioning his cock right at the opening to her ass, mouth, or vagina, painfully close but not quite touching, and splashing her entrance with cum. It wasn't so bad if he was spurting into her mouth, looking at her gaze up at him with lust and seeing the semen gather on her tongue to be swallowed. But positioning his rock-hard cock right in front of her tight asshole, knowing he couldn't push it in the way he wanted to, was maddening. Still, he didn't regret their nighttime activities one bit; even if he couldn't put it inside of Cat he was still having some of the most intense orgasms of his life. He did begin to wonder, though, if they were going too far. He had already justified to himself that it "wasn't cheating" since no body parts were touching, and he knew from years of living with James that once he had fucked a girl, he was usually out like a light. Even so, it was incredibly risky: jerking himself off on his friend's girlfriend (or whatever), right down the hall from his room—just a few steps away, really. And yet he didn't stop. He wondered if perhaps that risk of getting caught was part of what was driving him.
Many nights he already knew when he snuck to the bathroom where he would be depositing his load, because he could hear Cat shouting 'Yes, fill up my ass,' or 'Spread that cum all over my titties!' Other times he would wait until he opened the door to find her posing for him, opening up her pussy lips to show him the cum oozing out, or pointing to her mouth as if to say, "I swallowed it." Then he would get as close as he could to her without touching and let the cum stream out. And she would look up at him in gratitude, like his spunk was manna from heaven, and then shoo him out the door.
While thrilling, these nighttime encounters weren't totally fulfilling, and soon Ben started dating again. After a few Tinder dates that went nowhere, he met Valerie. Valerie was a grad student, working on a Physical Therapy degree, and she had a kind of cynicism and sharp wit that belied a sweet, caring personality underneath. Ben really liked her, but he wasn't sure how to reconcile that with his ongoing obsession. He continued nutting on Cat whenever she slept over, but when he was with Valerie he always tried to steer things back towards her place. Finally she accused him one night, half-jokingly, of being married. "Why else do we never go back to your place?" she said.
She was reclining on her bed, still wearing the skirt and blouse she had gone out to dinner in. Ben stood over her, his shirt already off, trying to discern how serious she was. Half-Italian and half-Irish, Valerie was slim and tan, with blond hair and bright green eyes that looked up at him now mischievously.
"You're right babe," he said, climbing onto the bed and unbuttoning her blouse. "I'm a married man. I have eight kids."
She laughed and batted away his hand. "Only eight?"
"Okay nine, but that's all, I swear."
"Well, I don't believe you anyway. There's some reason you don't want me there."
She unbuckled his belt, and Ben helped her to slide his pants down and off his ankles. She reached into his boxers and pulled out his dick, which was already getting hard.
"Well, there is a reason, honestly" he said, eyeing Valerie and deciding whether or or not to truly tell her what he was considering. He could see the two of them starting to go from having a fling into an actual relationship, and he didn't want to ruin it. On the other hand, if he had judged her correctly...
"What's that reason, baby?" she said, lowering her head and taking him in her mouth.
"It's my roommate's girlfriend," he said, closing his eyes and enjoying the feeling of her warm mouth working his cock. "She's kind of an exhibitionist."
Valerie paused and cocked her head. She took his cock out of her mouth long enough to say "Oh really?" and then went back to bobbing on his shaft. There was a definite note of curiosity in her voice.
"Mm, yeah," said Ben. "She likes to have sex really loud, lots of dirty talk. Like, 'fuck me daddy, make me your slut,' that kind of thing."
"Well," said Valerie, looking up at him. "That doesn't sound so bad,daddy."
"No," said Ben smiling, gently pushing her head back down on his cock, "it doesn't. It sounds quite good, actually. But there's more."
"Oh wllwy," said Valerie around a mouthful of cock.
"Really," said Ben, gently thrusting his hips up off the bed into her mouth. "She likes me to see her, afterwards, when she's got James' cum dripping down her face, or her thighs, or wherever he decided to put it that night. She likes to see me turned on from listening to her get fucked and cummed on like a slut." Ben looked at Valerie and saw that her eyes were closed, and she had started playing with herself while she continued to bob her head on his dick. She looked so beautiful, so wanton, all of a sudden Ben was carried away with a wave of pure love as he told her, "And then she likes me to bust my nut on her, with James sleeping in his room about fifteen feet away."
At these words Valerie stopped. Her eyes snapped open and she looked at him with an expression he couldn't read. Slowly, without breaking eye contact, she slid her panties down and climbed on top of him, positioning him at the entrance to her warm, wet cunt. As she slid it inside, she said in a low dangerous voice, "So is that what you do when I'm not around? You like to bust your nut on your roommate's girlfriend? You like to listen to her getting fucked and then rub your little cock out on her? That's what you like?" She began riding him slowly, but not exactly gently, squeezing his cock hard with her vaginal muscles, digging her nails into his chest and shoulders. He sensed a complex mix of emotions in her: arousal, betrayal, anger, love. He understood that the next words he spoke would determine whether this was the end of the relationship, or the beginning.
"Not anymore, baby," he said quietly. "I don't want that, not anymore. I want you." With those words he put a hand behind her neck and brought her face down so he could kiss her deeply. Then began moving together now, rising and thrusting as one, both feeling a deep emotional connection as they fucked. Valerie began crying, not out of happiness or sadness but a half-dozen emotions all at once. They rolled over so that Ben was on top of her and he began thrusting into her, biting on her neck while she stuck her tongue in his ear. He felt like he was gliding through her pussy, his dick completely enveloped by it and yet moving in and out without any friction whatsoever. Valerie wrapped her legs tight around him, urging him in deeper, crying out in ecstasy. As she was getting close she whispered in his ear, "I want to see it."
"See it?" he said, hesitantly.
"You, cumming on her face. On your roommate's girlfriend. I want to see it."
"Yeah," he said, quickening his pace. "You want to see it?"
"Yes baby, I want to see it. I want to see you cumming on that little slut's face, I want to see her blinded when you splash your nut all over her pretty little face."
As she said this Ben could feel himself getting ready to cum, and he started slamming into Valerie's pussy as hard as he could. Valerie, also on the verge, pulled him in tighter with her legs and clawed at his back with her fingernails. "You're mine now," she whispered as her pussy started clamping down on his cock. "You only cum on little sluts when I tell you to, you understand?"
The next night Valerie slept over at Ben's place. He thought she would want to meet Cat and James, but she insisted on arriving before they did and hiding out in Ben's room. She told him she wanted her first impression of Cat to be naked, with Ben's cum dripping off her face. They hung out and smoked pot until Cat and James got home, and then Valerie waited quietly while Ben went out and talked to them.
"How's it going?" he said.
"Oh hey," said James. "Not bad. We went to a show at the Tabernacle."
"Oh cool," said Ben. "Good show?"
James shrugged. "It was alright. Some idiot spilled beer on Cat, I thought she was gonna fight him for a minute."
"I should have!" said Cat, laughing.
"What about you?" asked James. "I thought you were gonna be staying with the infamous Valerie." Ben's reluctance to bring Valerie around thus far had resulted in a lot of jokes about her being a fugitive on the run, or a secret agent, or just a catfishing operation.
"Not tonight," said Ben. "Things are great with Valerie, but we've been spending a lot of time together. Tonight I want to just settle back into the normal routine."
As he said this last part he looked directly at Cat, and the faintest of smiles passed over her lips. Satisfied that he had gotten his message across, Ben told them that he was going to his room to do some internetting and bid them both good night.
Back in his room, Valerie was sitting on the bed waiting expectantly. Ben came in and gave the thumbs up, then leaned in and kissed her deeply. They started making out, but when Valerie reached out and began rubbing his crotch, Ben pushed her hand gently away. "Not yet," he whispered.
A half hour later or so they heard voices in the next room, and soon after that the sound of the bed moving. Quietly they both undressed, and when Cat's voice started up Ben felt Valerie begin licking around the head of his penis, her hand gently massaging his balls.
"That's right baby, let me taste that big fat cock," came the voice from the other side of the wall, "mmph, oh god that's a beautiful cock. I just want to feel it shoved down my throat." Valerie lifted her head up towards Ben, grinning, and mouthed "Sheisloud."
Ben smiled and reached down to play with her breast. "Told you," he mouthed back.
After a couple minutes they switched positions and James started going down on Cat, so Ben scooted down to the bottom of the bed and got to work eating Valerie's pussy. She tasted amazing, sweet and spicy and fresh, and he ran his tongue up and down her slit for awhile before moving up to her clit, sucking it in between his lips and circling it with his tongue. Pretty soon she was biting down on her hand to keep from making noise, not that anyone was likely to hear her over the sound of Cat practically yelling "Oh fuck baby, oh baby you eat that pussy so good, oh daddy you make me so wet the way you eat that pussy."
After James had brought her to orgasm with his tongue, they switched it up again and he started fucking her doggystyle while Cat wailed "Come on daddy get that pussy, fuck that tight little pussy, fuck me like a bitch." In Ben's room he and Valerie followed suit, with Ben driving into her pussy from behind now, his hands pushing down on her tiny shoulders, pressing her into the mattress while he fucked her. "That's right," said Cat, "I want to feel every inch of that dick."
They went like this for a while, mimicking the action as it unfolded in the other room. When Cat screamed to be spanked, he slapped Valerie hard on the ass. When she asked for his cock down her throat, it was Valerie who sputtered and gagged. They matched every filthy word of Cat's until she started to ask for it faster and faster, and the sound of James' balls slapping against her flesh became louder and louder. Then Ben fell back into a holding pattern, slowly moving back and forth inside Valerie just enough to maintain his level of arousal, waiting for James to cum.
Sure enough, in a moment they heard Cat say "Come on baby, give me that cum all over my face. I want you to paint my lips with that warm cum."
Valerie turned around to look back at Ben and raised her eyebrows. He reached forward and with his fingers traced a gentle trail down her face as James shot his load all over Cat's. Then, quietly, he resumed sliding in and out of her, again just enough to keep himself on the edge. They fucked for a few minutes in near silence, and then Ben pulled out and motioned towards the door. Valerie grinned, and the two of them tiptoed to the door and gently pushed it open. He had gotten in the habit of keeping the hinges extremely well-oiled, and it swung open without a sound. At the last second Valerie went back to grab her cell phone and then the two of them headed into the hallway. Valerie held her phone in one hand while stroking Ben's throbbing cock with the other. When they were standing in front of the bathroom door she started recording. He reached for the doorknob and opened the door quietly to find Cat on her knees, just as she had been on his birthday, the first time she had taken his nut. One hand was furiously rubbing her clit while the other pinched her nipple. Her pussy was making faint little wet noises as she rubbed it, and her lips were puffy and shiny with her own moisture. Her eyes were closed, face upturned ready to receive him. Ben turned and looked at Valerie, who mouthed "Oh my god" at him before turning back to her phone screen. He took a step forward so that he was directly in front of Cat and began pumping his dick hard.
At that moment Cat opened her eyes and smiled her adorable little smile up at Ben. Then she saw Valerie, standing there holding the camera. There was just enough time for a look of shock to register on her face before Ben started to cum like a firehose, ropes of semen coating her face and landing in her hair. After the final burst of ejaculate Ben continued to milk his cock, trying to get every last bit out. As he was shaking forth one final drop, Valerie whispered "Got it!" in his ear. Then she lowered the phone and said politely, "You must be Cat. My name is Valerie," and turned around and walked out, leaving Cat dumbfounded on her knees, a glob of semen hanging off of her cheek and threatening to fall to the floor. She looked up at Ben, her cheeks flushed, speechless for once, though he could tell she wasn't angry. She was practically glowing. Leaning in, he whispered:
"It's not polite to stare you know."
And with that he went back to his room to review the footage with Valerie.