"I'm really going to wear my Hello Kitty jammies to meet Frank?"
"What part of $5000 dollars says no?"
"But I only have two buttons left on my shirt."
"Whose fault is that?"
"Mine. I'll have to hold my shirt together the whole time I'm in IHOP."
"Quit complaining."
"I can't help it Daddy. I'm going to be around lots of people. Kids maybe. That's not cool."
"Then hold it together tight. I want $5000."
"I like the idea of being with Mister Frank but this part bothers me."
"You want to ride a public bus naked and you're worried about this?"
"Can I at least pin my shirt together?"
"Nope. Be seductive."
"You want me to show my boobies at IHOP?"
"Yep. Trust me we have back up. I called Mike and Andy they're meeting us there. Do not act as if you know them. Perfect strangers understand."
"Yes Daddy."
"We can do this. By the way you smell yummy."
"Thank you. I took a bubble bath. I switched from peach bath beads to pears this time."
Lonnie nods then changes the subject slightly. "We need to talk about your behavior of late."
"What do you mean?"
"Paige you're defying me, and sending masturbation videos over Tender. That's going to get you banned."
"No I didn't. Mister Frank sent me his cell number, and e-mail address."
"I'm talking about the Comicon guy. What's his name?"
"Dillon. I probably won't hear from him again. After sending him the party video, there's no way he would want me." She pouts, "There goes Comicon."
"And the money it cost me getting you that latex body suit."
"You're getting $5000 today Daddy. That should cover all of your losses."
"Well, yeah! That's true. Who knows maybe that Dillon guy is a freak."
"I'm thinking all men are."
"And, you're not becoming one of us freaks?"
"I KNOW I AM." She bursts out laughing. "I LOVE BEING A FREAK."
"So why are you stressed over wearing the pajamas to IHOP?"
"I don't know. We might get kicked out."
"If we do we do."
"Daddy? What do you think Mister Frank will want to do to me, with 12 hours alone together? I'm kind of scared."
"Paige? You met a neighbor, that you had never spoken to before in our backyard at 3AM in the morning, and fucked him. He could have kidnapped you or worse."
"It was kind of dumb. But Vic seemed nice. These older guys treat me good."
"We should do the every 30 minutes face time thing again?"
"No Daddy. I want to try this with Frank without being interrupted. Let me text you passwords so you know I'm ok."
"Can't be the same word over and over. He could catch on, and send them himself, you could be dead for all I know."
"I don't think Mister Frank will be a problem. He's a dirty old man like you." She sticks her tongue out at her Father.
"What do you have in mind then?"
"12 hours right? The party I was with 12 guys. 13 with Beau. I'll write down all their names and you can compare the name with my text. If a strange name comes through you know I might be in trouble. Then call me."
"Not a horrible plan. Go do that, and get your pajamas on, I just did laundry. Nice and warm still."
"Yay! Did you sew on buttons?"
"You know I didn't. It's too bad your pajamas don't have those funky trap door ass flaps." He chuckles.
"I have a pair of those but they don't match the shirt."
"When did we get those?"
"When I was thirteen. Grampa John got them as a joke, remember?" She giggles, "I'm not sure they fit anymore."
"Go find them."
"Ok." She shuffles away losing her towel on the hallway floor. He wasn't going to give her shit for doing it. That ass was just too heavenly to go ripping out her Angel wings. Six minutes later she steps out wearing another pair of Hello Kitty pants, but these were white with the face of the Mascot on them in a gazillion places. They were definitely tight. So tight, they dipped into her pussy dramatically, almost as if a camel toe. "I grew out of these Daddy."
"Yeah! We need to buy you a new pair of those. At least a pair with the flap."
"I think if I bent over, the buttons on the flap would pop off too." She stretches sideways inspecting her bottom.
"Not the worst thing to happen. Go with the pair that fits. You have Kitty slippers too don't you?"
"Yessss!" She sprints back to her room. Sure enough a button pops off her ass flap. Her right cheek exposed a bit. Lonnie chuckled at her reaction. She busted up laughing as she entered her room. He grabbed her newer jammies from the dryer and walked in on her stripping out of the tighter pants. Tossing the new ones on her bed, she quickly gets dressed. Showing him her cleavage issue he scowls.
"Yeah! Lot to keep hidden isn't there? Go grab that button you just lost, I'll sew one on. Only one button though."
"K." She does then returns with a sewing kit from the linen closet. "I better leave this out I'm gonna make a costume for me to wear to Medieval Times. Speaking of which I need fabric."
"You're making your own outfit? We don't even own a sewing machine."
"I don't need one. It's gonna be a patchwork. I'll deal with it later, I have plenty of time."
"Two weeks before Graduation and you're gonna find time?"
"I multi task." She giggles. "You sew the button. I'll find My Kitty Glitters."
"Kitty Glitters?" He winces.
"I put glitter all over the slippers."
"Kitty Litter with a G. Go figure." Eyes rolled at her unique approach, he threads the needle then takes very little time at all in snugging up a button to her top. Rummaging through her closet, she finally finds her slippers and puts them on before parading out in front of her Father. He puts the sewing kit on a dresser then looks down at her slippers. "Yep. Those are glittery. Wear them."
"I feel like I'm 15 going to a slumber party." She chuckles. "Something I've been deprived of over the years I might add."
"Have any real friends to do that?"
"Don't remind me. I don't have any girl friends. No boy friends really. I've always been the shy loner."
"All kinds of boy friends now."
"I don't call them friends when they only want sex."
"Hate to tell you this kiddo, but most friends usually consider that possibility at one time or another." He frowns looking at the time. Handing her the shirt he observes her put it on and button up. There was still a healthy cleavage. "Grab that goddamned teddy bear and lets go."
She snatches up Fuzzy from her bed, and hugs it to her chest with an angry looking pout. "Don't be mean to Fuzzy."
"You haven't changed. You still have that childish defense mechanism. Over a stuffed animal no less. Let's get moving Pigtails."
Jumping into the car, they make the six mile drive to the closest IHOP. Sitting outside in the parking lot they wait for Mike and Andy. That, and to get a good look at Doctor Frank through the window. There he was, dressed dapper in a polo shirt with sunglasses atop his head. He was sipping coffee, and talking to a waitress. A very stunning waitress at that. Lonnie instantly allowed his eye to take her all in. She was gorgeous in a Jennifer Hudson kind of way. Short with long dark hair that he presumed had extensions. Too perfect otherwise. The woman was 5'6, 135. Biggest brown eyes he had ever seen. He had never considered interracial relationships, but seeing her he tossed that negativity out the window. She probably had a man though, he thought. So lost in her, he ignored Paige's rambling, until a fist pats the roof of his car. Outside stood Mike and Andy. Startled by their arrival, Lonnie quickly motions them to go inside before Frank saw the connection, and knew they were all friends. Mike and Andy shook their heads and went on in.
"Ready punk?"
"As I'll ever be. Mister Frank is kind of cute."
"You just make sure he thinks the same of you all day long."
"I will. Can I cover up my cleavage until we're at the table?"
"Hold the bear to your chest to camouflage yourself. Play it like he's your Grampa. If the Owner says anything just say you had a slumber party and we forgot your bag."
"Am I acting younger than I am?"
"No. You always act like you're underage." He chuckles reaching over to hold her chin lovingly. "Be yourself just be extra granddaughterish."
"That's not a word." She snickers.
"Is, if I say it is. Love you Punk."
"Worship you Daddy."
"Count of three?"
"I like threesomes."
"Shush!" He grins. "Let's do this."
Exiting the car she waits for him on the sidewalk, until he puts his arm around her. He could feel his heart racing a mile a minute. This stunt was going to prove just what they could get away with in public. Her looking young would make the diners edgy. Wearing jammies to a restaurant they might not even get past the Hostess. Door opened, she enters first and looks around her for Dad by tilting her head back. A middle aged Waitress/Hostess notes their entrance and smirks. "Isn't she adorable." Lonnie took a deep breath and smiled.
"That she is. There's Grampa." He points toward Frank as the waitress eyes the direction. Paige took the cue and darted through the restaurant toward Frank. Throwing her arms to her side she rejoices verbally. People vaguely noticed her cleavage bounce in that moment.
"GRAMPA FRANK." She races to him letting her cleavage dance about. Mostly guys eating in that section, every single one of them had to grin and whisper. Frank Martinbaum stood up and went full on Grampa.
"There's my beautiful Granddaughter. Come here you."
He hugged her tightly with closed eyes, her scent storming his lungs with adoration. Rubbing her back he knew there was no bra. Instant erection. He was going to have to hide it from everyone. As Paige eases back just a tad, she looks up at Frank with innocent eyes. With an enticing whisper, she sighs. "Grampa like my boobies?"
"Ohhhh yes. Grampa likes everything about his little angel."
"Yay! Can I sit in your lap Grampa?"
"Slow down." Lonnie had caught up. Hand extended, he and Frank shook hands with a strong admiration. Frank eases away from Paige to stand up, then ushers her into his circular booth. She scoots in and sits on her legs holding Fuzzy to her bosom. So far so good.
"Glad you took the risk." Frank nods to Lonnie as their African American waitress takes over from the Host.
"Good morning. My name is Deborah, I'll be your waitress. I love the Hello Kitty pajamas. My daughter Coochie has a pair just like those."
"Coochie? Interesting name. How old's your daughter?" Lonnie had to learn something at the least. An icebreaker.
"Believe it or not she just turned eighteen. Child has never grown up."
"I hear ya. Paige there is eighteen too. Not even a month since her birthday."
"Really? Coochie's birthday was last week. Her real name is Coco but my family's always called her Coochie. Very ticklish. Anyways, can I get you something to drink while you look over your menu?"
"I could be really corny and say your eyes. As in drink up those big brown pools."
"Long as you don't say cesspool you can compliment away." She winks with a playful scowl.
"Not even going there. Wouldn't want your man punching my lights out."
"No man. But, be careful I have a mean right hook."
"Large OJ for me. How about you Paige?"
"Choco milk." She huffs dramatically.
Frank grew harder just hearing that little minx sound so very sexy. Deborah puckered her lower lip and nods at Lonnie.
"You have your hands full, don't you Handsome?"
"You have no idea. Anything for you Frank?"
"I'm good with coffee." He smiles at Deborah.
"I'll be right back."
As she walks away, Lonnie notices both Mike and Andy admiring Deborah as well. Mike had an expression of "Daaaaaamn!" Andy similar but with a silent whistle. Lonnie grumbled slightly, then returned to Frank.
"So Frank? Proctologist."
Frank frowns with hesitance. "Not really. I put that on my profile to avoid Goldiggers. I'm actually a plastic surgeon. I can prove everything. I figured a Proctologist would chase the wrong kind of woman away. Women who see Plastic Surgeon think they can seduce me into free surgeries. Boob jobs more often than you might imagine."
"I have boobies." Paige fans her top open looking at herself, "Did Mister Frank forget?"
"No I most certainly did not." He warmly winks at Paige. Shyly she tugs her shirt outward and lets him see a nipple. Other guys took note yet kept quiet. She knew they were slyly looking. The excitement of being admired made her nipples even harder. Wetness forthcoming.
"I don't really care what you do Frank. Just treat my baby well. No harm whatsoever."
"Absolutely not." He reaches behind him producing a wallet, and shows Lon his credentials. Sure enough he had not only business cards but a certificate showing he was indeed a surgeon. Lonnie took the initiative to prove to Frank that Paige was eighteen, via I.D.. As worries fade away Deborah returns with their drinks.
"Here we go. One large OJ without the Bronco. And, one large Chocolate milk for Miss Kitty. Not in bowl I'm afraid."
"I like her Daddy." Paige leans over the table and whispers shyly toward Lon. Her cleavage revealing right in front of Deborah.
"Awwww! That's so sweet." Deb also leans low to whisper her concern. "She may be missing a few buttons there Daddy."
"I noticed that. I'll make sure she keeps it together until we get home."
"Your business Handsome Daddy. I just know the eyes are on this table."
"Manager?"
"Murray? Let's just say he's probably got binoculars handy."
"That good or bad?"
"Pervy man, Murray. You didn't hear that from me. I was referring to the gentlemen around us. Bad enough they keep trying to look up my skirt." She fans herself with her fingers, "Lordy!"
"I can relate." Lon winks looking at her short skirt.
"For you, bottomless refills on that juice." She giggles. "Y'all ready to order?"
"Stack of never ending blueberry pancakes. Bacon extra crispy."
"How about you, Miss Kitty?"
"Panty cakes! Panty cakes!" She belts out as if she had Turrets syndrome.
Deb peaks a brow smirking at Lonnie. Pausing with her order pad she expects him to respond.
"She's just acting up because of her Grampa. They're pretty close and it's been awhile."
"Choco chip panty cakes. Lots of whippy cream."
"You got it Miss Kitty. How about you Grampa?"
"Two eggs sunny side up and a slice of ham. Hash browns."
"Does that complete your order?"
"Daddy wants your number." Paige whispers sheepishly holding Fuzzy to her chin.
"Paige! That's rude." Lon scowled. "I'm sorry Deborah."
"I'll consider that, Miss Kitty. Ooooo! You so remind me of Coochie."
Patting Lonnie on the shoulder, she wiggles away toward the kitchen. As soon as Deb was out of hearing range Frank chuckles. "Trying to set her old man up?"
"Daddy needs a girlfriend. Grampa needs me." Paige hugs Frank's bicep moving closer. Frank decides to retrieve his arm in favor of draping it around her shoulder and pulling her even closer. Her hand rubs his leg spider walking fingers over his tented crotch.
"Itsy bitsy spider went up the water spout. Down came the zipper and Paige helped Grampa out." She dug for his zipper until Frank patted her hand chuckling.
"You can recite nursery rhymes after breakfast Sweetheart." His discouraging glare made Paige pout. "Now, now! We have far too many eyes on what you're wearing without making a scene."
"But, Paige miss Mister Frank."
"Mister Frank misses his darling Paige."
"You bought off more than you can chew Frankie." Lon smirks.
"Oh, no! I want her just as she is. Sweet, youthful, and sexy. I just don't want us to be forcibly removed from here until we conclude our deal."
"After we eat."
"I like being eaten." Paige stares up at Frank with big green eyes that could melt an iceberg.
"I'll be certain to save room for dessert."
"Yay!"
"You fancy the waitress?" Frank notes Lonnie leering over his shoulder to observe Deborah taking another tables order.
"I'm pretty sure she wouldn't give this white boy a second glance." As if hearing him she looks his way and smiles. Returning to her table Lonnie nods with a puckered lower lip. "Never know I guess. Been awhile since I've dated. I divorced Paige's mom four years ago. Haven't met anyone worth dating."
"I've been single for three years now. It's all about money to women these days."
Lonnie scowls with a curious glare. "Yet, you pay my daughter $5,000 bucks for 12 hours of her time. $1000 a month for once a week thereafter. How is that any different?"
"$2000. I know how it sounds. The difference is, I know what I want. Her natural beauty, youthful exuberance, and playfulness is intoxicating."
"I'm not old enough to drink Mister Frank."
"That's not what I meant. You see? Her naivety is breathtaking."
"Honor roll." Lonnie smirks.
With a pucker Frank was impressed. "Good for you young lady."
Nodding dramatically she huffs. "I'm a smarty pants. Can I take them off?" Neighboring tables couldn't help but laugh. Even those with women, which were sparse.
"Not to be nosey Frank, but what exactly are your plans for my daughter?"
"Daddy! You promised to let me do whatever I wanted."
"Fine! Sorry Frank."
"Don't be. I merely intend to show her my home and enjoy her company. She, hopefully my company."
"Alright! Let's play it by ear after today. If you treat her well I'll allow you to take her every two weeks instead of every week. Graduation comes first and foremost. She needs to have a life outside of being your escort. Can we agree to that?"
"Of course. Whatever is convenient for all of us. Whatever time I can spend with her is welcomed."
"Here comes our panty cakes."
"That sounds like you crapped your panties." Lon lowers his voice.
"I'm not wearing panties." She lets everyone around her hear her revelation. Even Mike and Andy had a good laugh. Frank flared his eyes fighting the unwanted attention of the other tables.
"Relax Frank. I'm pretty sure the people around us are having a good time. She has that effect on people."
"Did I hear someone say I have that effect on people?" Deborah steps up with their food. Placing each plate in front of the proper person.
"I know you have an effect on my Daddy."
Lonnie blushes. Now he knew how Paige had felt all these years.
"Daddy has some color in his cheeks." Deb giggles removing a spray whip cream can from her apron setting it in front of Paige. "Anyone ever tell you that you look like a young Michael Keaton?" Deb smiles inquisitively.
"Can't say I've ever heard that Jennifer Hudson." He chuckles.
"I do don't I?" She flaunts her extensions flirtatiously.
"You could be her twin."
"Sing the praise Daddy." Deb continues flirting. "I'll let you three eat your breakfast. You can admire me from afar Batman."
"Kitty Woman." Paige blurts out pointing, a look of awe on her face.
"Cat of nine tails in the trunk of my car. How did you know?"
Paige lifts the can of whipped cream and wags it. "WHIP DADDY."
"Oh lord! You are precious. I'm going to tell my Coochie about you."
Lonnie looks at Deb's apron picturing himself talking to her other coochie. His mouth was watering.
"Need extra napkins?" She pats his cheek then waltzes away. Mike and Andy dropped their jaws. Lonnie was getting lucky. So far.
Paige looks around at all the men glaring at her, and teasingly sprays cream on her tongue. Wagging it at them she licks her lips making it look as if she had a mouth full of cum. Dicks were getting hard.
"Eat your pancakes." Lonnie advised.
Frank couldn't stop laughing suddenly. As he did she put cream on her finger and positioned it up to his lips. He licked it off then sucked on her finger. She then sprayed some on his finger to let him do the same. Her sucking on his finger was much more seductive.
"Dear God!" Frank huffed at her hunger. Her eyes going without blinking in a pleasing gaze. Whispers from every angle made Frank a bit more confident. As she fed on him her hand moved down to rub his crotch. Frank allowed it this time.
Lonnie devoured his blueberry pancakes with enthusiasm. After getting the five grand he might just leave Deborah a nice big tip.
"Would you like me to cut up your panty cakes, Sweetheart?" Frank suddenly opened up. Paige reacted promptly with one aggressive nod. He removed his finger from her lips and set about cutting up her pancakes into small bites. Cream mounded over them, he then opts to feed her. She ate each bite with a smug flirty expression. So cute that other men wished they were Frank, her cleavage left unchecked as long as Deborah or other waitresses weren't looking. Mike and Andy discussed treating their adopted niece out for breakfast more often. They wanted in. Literally.
Using a napkin Frank dabbed the corners of Paige's mouth. Lonnie found it hilarious. The guy was acting like a kid himself, helpless in his behavior. He seemed genuine. Fessing up to his career variation concerned Lonnie a bit that he wasn't being fully honest, but then neither was Lonnie.
"Panty cakes good." She giggles and foams her tongue with whipped cream. Every time she repeated that Frank's erection grew harder and harder. His pup tent was quickly escalating into a Big Top. Paige slid closer to Frank as if a second skin. Her hand reaching out to rub the tent. "Mister Frank is a swell guy. I think he has a present hiding in his pocket for me Daddy. Is it a Hello Kitty Pez dispenser?" He knew what she meant. "I like Pez." A pout of neediness made Frank glance about. Mostly toward the waitress activity than those seated around him. He already knew the people were intrigued in a good way, hoping she might act up further. A final glare toward Lonnie, Frank found an encouraging smirk.
"She's gonna get fussy if you don't play along Frank."
"I...fine. You may look for your Pez dispenser."
"Yay!" She waves at the tables next to them before moving her hands down to his zipper. A swift release of tread, the fastener was down. Digging deep, she slides within open boxers and grips his cock. Her eyes bulged at his girth. Leaning to whisper toward Lonnie across the table she offers a fearful expression. "Biggest Pez dispenser I've ever had."
The tables that hear her snicker, offering Frank a respected array of thumbs up. His own boldness was rising to the occasion. Paige eyes the waitresses refilling drinks before pulling his cock free of his slacks. As a mighty erection stands revealed even the ladies close by smile and fan their features with a flutter of a useful menu. Frank now understood that most people had similar fantasies as he had.
While he glared about Paige snuck in with the whip cream can and doused his crown. Hearing the hiss, and feeling a dramatic wet chill on his cock, he looked down. "Oh Dear God!" Paige giggled and ducked down beneath the tables ledge and licked his crown of cream. Flicking her tongue along his foreskin sent Frank's head backwards. "I cannot believe this is happening."
"Oh, it's happening." Lonnie confirms with a bit of discomfort that the wrong person might see and create a problem. So far so good as Paige devoured his dick into a mess of cream all over her face. Maneuvering she stretches out on the curvature of their booth bench and kicks her feet upward over the table. Fuzzy slippers dancing gave the audience a round of silent chuckles. She sucked his dick for a messy number of thirteen thrusts deep into her throat, until she feels Lonnie kick his own foot upward to get her attention. Mike and Andy had motioned that Deborah was circling back. Paige quickly slips from the bench down to the floor under the table. Frank snatches up his wrapped utensils and drops a fork to the floor. His cloth napkin gets spread over his lap to conceal his beast.
"Everything tasty over here?" Deborah smiled brightly before realizing Paige was missing. "Where's our Sweetie?"
"Retrieving my fork." Frank grimaced. "Clumsy today."
"I can get you a clean fork." She decides to crouch down and see Paige with a face full of cream holding up a fork. Deborah's eyes flared at her expression. A swift glance at Frank's tented lap Deb peaks an eye brow. With a sly finger poised to her lips Deb winks and stands up. The waitress knew what was going down. Certainly not related. A secret was kept as Deb glances about at the neighboring tables. Everyone played it cool and sipped drinks. Deb shook her head and turns her attention to Lonnie. "You are a Big Daddy aren't you?"
"The biggest. Can I get some coffee?"
"Black I hope. Save the sugar for another time?" She beguiles Lonnie.
"Depends on that phone number you intend to give me before I leave today."
"Oh it's coming, Handsome Daddy."
"Love it when you talk dirty."
Frank could agree with that. Paige was already jerking him off as the waitress was standing there. Repositioning herself Paige went so far as to lower her pajama pants, letting guys see her bare bottom. Once Deborah took her leave Paige turned more for a perfect view. They loved that cute little ass. Lonnie took it upon himself to leer down under the table to see what others were viewing. He puckered, giving in to her decisions, then went back to eating his pancakes.
"Y'know Frank...she does have school tomorrow. Getting her home at Midnight might be a little late. Last two weeks before graduation she needs to be at the top of her game. Can we agree on 10:00 PM instead?"
"On the dot." Frank nods with a shiver in his voice. He was very close to cumming hard. His expression was pale and stressed, jaw drooping slightly. Eyelids quivering.
"I appreciate that Doc. Sleeping Beauty needs her rest."
Deborah returns with a coffee pot and fills Lonnie's cup. Her eyes dazzle toward his, which nearly makes her overfill it. She catches herself just in time. "Somehow I don't think that man is her Grampa." She darts her gaze toward Frank with a look of sadness. Frank looked ill. In a heavenly way.
"I'm not a pimp." Lonnie confesses. "She really is my daughter. Frank here is her date."
"Escort?"
"I suppose that's a close enough assumption. They met on Tender."
"Ooooo!" Deb whistles barely. "My Coochie...Coco is on Tender. I worry about the men on there. My baby is so impressionable."
"Girls just wanna have fun as Lauper says."
"Looks like your baby is having the time of her life." A sideways glance at Paige still sucking off Frank flares her big brown eyes.
"You're taking this pretty well."
"We all have our...moments. Might wanna wind her down here before the other waitresses see though. They're older and with much less imagination."
"By Franky's face I'd say that's not far off anyway."
"MMM MMMM! This is gonna be a looooong shift."
Paige lifts away from Frank's crown and giggles. "Loooong shaft too."
"Lord have mercy." Deb grins from ear to ear. She now took a good hard look at Paige's bare bottom. With a pen in hand Deb produces their check, then reaches for a napkin writing her phone number down. Sliding it over to Lonnie she points at him. "You better call me, Big Daddy."
"Count on it, Miss Deborah Johnson."
"MMM MMM!" She repeats herself. "Johnson on Johnson."
"Sounds like we're using baby shampoo for lubrication."
Deb giggles and pats Lonnie on the chest. "Finish this up. I don't wanna use that tip money you're leaving me to bail you out of jail."
"Funny! I said something similar to that to Paige before we got here."
Frank snarls and holds his breath twitching for all to see. A sudden tremor against the table slides it toward Lonnie. Deborah peaks a brow at the unexpected move. Paige in her tiny body crawls up from beneath the table directly over Frank's lap and straddles his legs. Her pajama pants pulled up, at least it appeared more innocent. Over Frank's lap she bounces up and down and throws her arms around the Plastic Surgeon's neck.
"IHOP! IHOP! IHOP! IHOP!" With each turbulent gyration. She could feel his swollen cock between her thighs. With cum on her lips she kisses Frank's face repeatedly. "I wuvs Grampa Frank."
Deborah swallows dryly and glances at the other waitresses who had heard Paige's outburst. The entire restaurant had reacted with curiosity. Shrugging at everyone Deb defends her. "She loves her Grampa. We should all love our elders."
"Thank you Jennifer Hudson." Lonnie chuckles. Patting the table Lonnie gets his daughter's attention. "Better calm it down."
Paige shakes her head negatively and huffs. Frank pats her back before noticing her shirt completely unbuttoned. Whip cream smeared over her tits. Eyes erupting like saucers he dives in to lick cream from her nipples. At Deborah's deafening cough, Frank pulls away and closes her shirt tightly. The tables nearby applauded with their sighs.
"I'll be up to pay the check shortly." Lonnie nods toward Deborah.
"I need a smoke break, and I don't even smoke." Deb fans herself. Prying herself away Lonnie smirks and finishes his coffee. Paige feeling victorious climbs off of Frank's lap and allows him to put his throbbing beast away.
"Unbelievable. Worth every penny." Frank regains his composure and reaches for his wallet. Revealing it he expressed it's thickness toward Lonnie. Whispering now, he adds, "I know we agreed on $5,000 cash but carrying that kind of money would be too bulky. Within my wallet I have 10 one hundred dollar bills and a check for $4000. You can cash it after you leave here."
Rubbing his chin Lonnie agrees and lets Frank pass him the 10 bills quietly, check beneath it. Nodding his approval he spots Paige dancing in her seat. Her shirt open again for a full cleavage shot. Only Fuzzy Bear blocked their view. She hugged the stuffed animal to her chin sheepishly.
"Precious." Frank wipes his face with a napkin. He had finally caught on to the mess still on her own face. Cum and dried whip cream was a sight. Cleaning her face as well Frank made them more presentable.
"Let's get out of here." Lonnie rises from the table and awaits Frank to join him. Paige sliding out resisted Lonnie's hand to take hers. In a sudden inspiration Paige races over to Mike and Andy and steals a piece of bacon.
"I'm bringing home the bacon."
Mike chuckles nervously as Andy covers his own plate with greed. Before they could say a word Paige turns, mooning them, her shirt fanning wide toward the aisle of people. Onlookers saw her tits and drooled. Swiftly pulling her pants up she covers her chest and wiggles through them like a runway model. At the front counter, Lonnie pays the attending waitress who wasn't amused, but said nothing. Once joining Frank and her Father, Paige snuggled up to Frank's hip, his arm around her.
Leaving the IHOP Lonnie escorts them to Frank's car. He was driving a 2019 Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class, silver, vanity license plates saying PIKMEUP. Lon fidgets at reading the plate. "Pick Me Up?"
"As in facelift. Boob jobs. Picking up where nature took over." Frank grins.
"Gotcha. I'm trusting you Frank. All the way around. Hurt my baby you're a dead man."
"Fear not. I will treat her as if my own."
Snapping his fingers at Paige, Lon calls her into a hug. "I love you Punk. Have a good time."
"I'll text you Daddy."
"Let her text me."
Nodding a confirmation between she, and Frank, he let Frank open the passenger door for her. Entering she waves goodbye. A firm handshake later Frank drove away with Paige. A pit in Lonnie's stomach led to a sadness. It was like he was giving her away to a future husband rather than a date. Pulling it together Lonnie stands against his own car, staring at his cell gathering enough nerve to make a call.
Inside the IHOP, Deborah Johnson felt her cell vibrate in her apron as she cleared Lonnie's table. Discovering a hundred dollar bill under Lonnie's plate she smiled. Giving in to her cell she steps away to answer it.
"This is Deborah."
"Kept my promise beautiful."
"Yes you did Big Daddy. Should I call you Sugar Daddy? I found the tip. Thank you."
"No! Thank you for being so cool about everything."
"We all have our wild sides, Big Daddy."
"I hope to see yours here soon."
"Your place or mine?" She giggles.
"Seeing as yours is the IHOP and my kid defiled that, how about mine. I live at DiMaggio's Pizzeria."
"Expecting me to pick your fork up from under the table?"
"And, my tongue while you're down there."
"French toast. Love it. When do you want me?"
"Now!" He chuckles. "How about Friday night? I'm taking Paige to Medieval Times Saturday."
"Graduation present?"
Lonnie laughs, "Something like that. More of a one knight stand. Drum beat inserted now."
"Well Big Daddy...I hope our date doesn't become a one night stand. You're adorable."
"I haven't been on a date in years. Work with me?"
"Baby steps Big Daddy. Except in bed." She follows it with her favorite, "MMMM MMMM!"
"You better get back to work. Call me. I work days at the Distillery. Anytime after 4:00 PM.
"Same to you. Text even."
"Pleasure meeting you, Deborah Johnson."
"Ummm Big Daddy?"
"Yeah?"
"What is your name?" She giggles nibbling a well groomed fingernail.
"Oh, yeah! Might help huh? I'm Lonnie Turner."
"Perfect. Have a good day Lonnie Turner."
"I prefer Big Daddy."
"Then I'll call you nothing else."
"Later Jennifer Hudson."
"I do look like her don't I?" Another round of giggles. "Bye Big Daddy."
Hanging up she looks out the window to see Lonnie beaming from ear to ear. She clutches her chest. Deborah Johnson was happy. So was Lonnie Turner. He was even happier when Frank's check cleared fifteen minutes later.
Miles away now, Paige and Frank got along fabulously. After talking about her upcoming graduation, Frank while waiting on a stoplight had a sudden inspiration.
"Would you like to go to a very magical Park?"
"Teeter Totter! Teeter Totter!" She brightens up.
"I can push you in a swing."
"Yay!" She was overdoing her baby like voice. He loved it.
"Oz Park it is."
She leers with a sly grin. "We're off to see the Wizard?"
"The wonderful Wizard of Oz."
"Is it because I'm a Munchkin?"
"I so adore you Child."
"Me too Mister Frank."
"Leaving Kansas now."
"Blowjob! Blowjob!"
She meant the tornado.