Thanks to Sexyvibe for editing assistance with this sorry!
*****
Alice was nervous. Extremely nervous in fact. She gazed into the mirror and did one last check before heading out.
She stared into her own eyes before looking down. Eric wouldn't care about her perfectly made up face, or her bright red hair that flowed down the middle of her back. She instead checked out her breasts.
Alice was a natural C cup, but her lacy black bra pushed them up so she could easily pass for a D. She was more proud of her ass. She twirled around, noting how perfectly her skirt flared out showing the bottom of her butt cheeks when it hit the air. Quickly she lifted her skirt to her hips and grinned at the sight of her tiny black G string. Her massive behind swallowed the whole thing up leaving just a tiny triangle at the top.
Alice felt her panties dampen a little as she thought about what Eric would do if she let him get that far. She took a deep breath to calm herself, pulled her skirt back down and grabbed her clutch and keys and headed out. As she sped off towards her destination she thought back...
Eric had sought Alice out on a dating app. His first message to her made it clear that he had no intention of taking her out. He instead filled her inbox with dirty comments, and revealing pictures. She ignored it at first.
But Eric made his way into her dreams. His profile picture showed a man with dirty blond hair, intense blue eyes, and a tight generic white t-shirt that showed off his build. It was the 5 o'clock shadow that was getting to her. Imagining his stubble brushing against her hardened nipples, his hands grasping her ass as he pulled her hard against his body.
Alice clenched her thighs together, as she pulled into the busy dive bar and forced those thoughts out of her mind. She had only messaged him back a few hours ago. He wanted to meet that night, explaining he had an impending business trip. She had every intention of just teasing him. She knew that most online photos were doctored, and assumed meeting him would get him out of her head. Get a few free drinks, shake her ass a little, go on her way. With her plan and her confidence in check, she headed in.
Alice knew immediately she was showing too much skin when she got inside the joint. There was loud lite rock playing from a Jukebox. It was definitely a local place with a mixed bag of truckers, townies, and a few odd balls. She scanned the crowed of 50 or so people. Eric either hadn't shown up or wasn't who he said he was. She saw a pair of bar stools in the back about to be abandoned and quickly made a move.
She sat down next to a larger man with a ball cap on. He wore a jumpsuit that sported the name "Carl" embroidered onto it. She put her coat on the seat next to her, and tried to cross her arms over her cleavage. She tried not to look over but could feel "Carl" eating up every inch of her. She looked down at the bar and noticed his calloused hands and dirty finger nails.
Luckily she didn't have too much time to contemplate him as she saw Eric's reflection in the back mirror of the bar. She stared at him before turning around. Every detail he had promised was there in person behind her. He advanced in her direction before she could even think about changing her mind. As he claimed the seat next to her she could see his jeans were tight around his muscular thighs. She felt her face burn red as she very obviously glanced at the bulge in his pants.
Eric towered over her even when seated. She was just a few inches over 5 feet and he was at least a foot taller.
"Hi," she croaked out. Her throat was dry from nerves. She held out a shaky hand to grab his for an introduction.
Eric looked at her hand and let out a deep laugh. He turned half way towards her and reached out his right hand, but it landed on her thigh. Her skirt was just long enough to make it a few inches past the Y of her legs. His long fingers were brushing the hem of it. He was a hand's length away from the lace of her thong.
Alice kept her thighs tightly together, unable to process her thoughts as the bartender approached asking for an order.
Eric ordered a pitcher of beer for both of them. His voice was deep and had a growl to it. He hadn't bothered to ask what she wanted. Insulted, she searched for her coat to leave.
Eric turned to face her completely. His grin was wide and devilish. He reached both hands on either side of her and grabbed the seat of her chair. He said nothing but turned her stool around so she was facing her jumpsuited neighbor. Carl stopped drinking and stared at them.
She let out a gasp as she felt her head go back suddenly. He had wound her hair around his hand and was holding her head back against him with it. He was on the edge of his seat and she could feel his thighs on either side of her.
"Be good," he whispered in her ear. He then bit into center of her neck. Alice moaned as the pleasure pain raced through her. He pulled her hair back harder.
She started to reach back to stabilize her hands on his legs but he quickly grabbed both her wrists and held them behind her. She dug the heels of her feet onto the bottom of her seat and pushed down with her ass so she didn't fall. Because Eric was pulling her back, she had to spread her legs to keep her balanced.
"Well, well," Eric crooned in her ear, "we cannot be rude to our new friend!"
Eric motioned to Carl to come closer. Carl closed the gap with one step and Alice was trapped between them. Eric let her hair go and put his hand on her inner thigh. His thumb slid down the front of her thong. The thin fabric was slick and wet already.
"Dirty girl," he whispered against her neck. His hand now pressed her leg further out, her skirt riding up, no longer covering her thong.
Alice heard the bartender return with Eric's order. She felt a tiny bit of reluctance, thinking that surely that would put an end to this. She saw his name tag said "Bill" on it when he leaned forward to place the pitcher down. Bill got a full glimpse of Alice's barely covered, fully shaved snatch.
Bill leaned against the bar, licked his lips, and looked over at Carl sneering, "I'm gonna need to see those tits."
Carl leaned in to grab her blouse and ripped it to the side. A few buttons popped off revealing her bra. He reached his hand into both cups and pinched both nipples. He pulled both her breasts out by the nipple exposing them to anyone nearby. Bill turned to crank up the music volume as Alice let out a yelp.
Carl leaned back out of Bill's way and reached into his pocket. He took out a dirty pocket knife and switched out a thin blade.
Alice began to panic as he leaned forward. He slid the knife under her thong, the cool blade brushing against Alice's throbbing clit. Her body had betrayed her and was soaking Carl's knife as he slid it through the small amount of fabric that covered her tiny hole.
Eric took the blade from Carl and licked her juices off of it. "She's tasty."
Carl grinned and moved his legs so that they pinned Alice's open. He took his middle finger and sunk it deep into Alice's pussy.
"She's got a tight little cunt," Carl shouted out to his spectators.
He put his thumb on her clit and massaged it slowly. Swirling his thumb around and around as he fucked her with his middle finger. He stuck a second finger in as he increased the pace on her clit.
Alice was squirming in her seat. She was determined she wasn't going to cum for some dirty men in a bar. Eric stuck his fingers in his beer and grabbed Alice's boob in his free hand. He fondled and squeezed it with his palm while his beer soaked fingers twirled her nipples.
Carl was thrusting in and out of her rapidly now, his thumb never slowing down on her clit. He looked up, "Should I finish her?"
Alice realized he had directed the question to two guys and a girl in matching blue jumpsuits that had shown up and blocked her view of the rest of the bar. She was whining now and bucking her pussy against his hand.
"Do it how I like it," the older woman said, lighting a cigarette.
Carl had a crooked smile when he removed his hand and licked his thumb. He ran his ring finger up and down Alice's soaking lips. He cackled slightly as he watched her pussy drip over her ass hole.
Eric released Alice's tit and covered her mouth as it bounced down. He tilted her head back and put his mouth back on her neck. He sucked and bit her neck as Carl put his ring finger deep into Alice's ass. After he withdrew he pumped two fingers back into her cunt.
Eric let go of her hands and reached down to play with her clit while Carl finger fucked both her holes.
Alice thrusted back against Carl and screamed out against Eric's hand. She soaked both their hands as her orgasm ripped through her body. They both continued to pleasure her until her body went limp on Erics lap.
"You got that?" Carl said to Bill.
"Yep! Whole things on camera," Bill replied and walked away to clean the bar.
Eric got close to Alice's ear, "Now you will be a good girl and come back tomorrow. Or that tape will be released for more than us to see."
(To be continued)