The sun had been beating down for hours, driving the temperature higher as noon passed and the still air miraged the vista from our front window. My husband was away working in the fields and the builders, who were converting the outbuildings at the end of the big house for us to live in, had knocked off early. I'd changed into a bikini after Brian went back to work at lunchtime and dragged an old mattress into the front garden of the big house for a bit of sunbathing.
The stone flagged path was pleasantly warm under my feet as I arranged the mattress and lay down. There was a public footpath through the farm yard beyond the garden wall but I was invisible to passing walkers unless they came right up to the gate. I reckoned that I would hear them before they saw me so I slipped my bikini top off and lay back to enjoy the sun. It wasn't long before I realised that the path where I was lying was a sun trap, the heat was reflected from the house behind me and I was in danger of sunburn unless I got some cream on.
I popped indoors and found some SPF20 cream we had left from our recent holiday in Florida. Stretching out on the mattress again I squeezed a dollop of cream from the tube and smeared it over my body, concentrating on my boobs which were still snow white, no topless sunning in USA. As I rubbed the cream in my nipples hardened and I was surprised to feel my juices start to dampen my crotch. Normally Brian would have applied the cream for me and this nearly always turned me on, although in public we were limited as to how far things progressed.
My thoughts drifted to one of the few times we'd had the privacy of a rented beach house back yard in Clearwater, the make out session by the pool had been epic, the sunburn a small price to pay for the thrill of sunkissed sex. My hand drifted down from my boob and rested over my bikini bottoms, I was wary of being caught but the urge to touch myself overcame my caution and I slid my hand under the material and caressed my moist clit with my finger tips. I listened carefully for anyone passing by but heard nothing so I wriggled out of my bikini bottoms and parted my legs. Now I had easy access to my slit and I inserted two fingers of one hand while titillating my clit with the other.
My juices flowed and a climax built to a crescendo, my butt lifted of the mattress as I speared myself and my heart rate rocketed, I was at the peak of my orgasm when the front door opened and Brian said "I think you better let me help you".
Now my heart rate jumped to another level, I didn't know whether to be ashamed or excited. The shock of being caught left me stammering, "hhhhow long hhhave you been tttthere?"
"I was snooping about in our soon to be bedroom next door and happened to look out of the window, you were applying the sun cream then. I just stayed to watch the show until I couldn't resist the need to join in any longer" said Brian.
He was now naked, sporting a full erection and wearing a broad smile as he beckoned me indoors. I grabbed my bikini and ran through the doorway, getting a slap on my bum as I passed. I turned to complain but the smile on Brians' face quelled my anger as he shut the door and hugged me. His erect penis poked me in the tummy so I lifted one leg and guided it between my thighs. I'm too short for a standing, face to face, fuck but managed to rub my pussy lips over his cock, my clit brushing on his engorged member as I wriggled my hips.
Brian put his hands on my butt cheeks and pulled them apart, spreading my pussy wider, "Wrap you're arms around my neck" he said and before I could ask why his cupped hands lifted me up. Now his cock sprang upright and he slowly lowered me down onto it, his grip holding me agape as his entire length was buried inside me. I wrapped my legs around him, crossing my ankles to take some pressure of his back muscles and enable me to raise and lower my hips. The position brought my clit into unobstructed contact with his shaven pubis, the two day stubble just enough to tickle me to another shuddering climax.
I had to stop my bouncing motion as the waves of pleasure coursed through me, the only movement now was my vaginal contractions which quickly resulted in him climaxing too. I could feel multiple eruptions of spunk coating my depths as his thighs trembled. As our muscles reminded us of our exertions I unlocked my ankles and Brians' cock slipped out of my pussy as he lowered my feet to the floor. "I've come twice now, your one behind" I said and dropped to my knees. His erection was flagging slightly but my oral stimulation soon had him rock solid again.
The taste of our mixed fluids was intoxicating and I swallowed him greedily, using my tongue to increase the pleasure as I bobbed back and forth. I knew I was bringing him to the boil when he grabbed my head to hold me still and slowly face fucked me, trying to delay his second peak. I naughtily increased my tongue lashing and fondled his balls, then he locked in position and I felt his balls pulsing as he cascaded spunk down my throat. Finally his output ceased and he pulled back, allowing me to breath more easily and gulp down the last of his cream.
Nowadays we live in our own house with a garden that is not overlooked so al fresco sex is often on the menu but the time I was caught will always be a special memory, for both of us.