It was a warm Saturday afternoon and Tara and Kurt were relaxing at home. Kurt was sat back on the couch watching the footy while Tara was sprawled on their bed reading a book.
'God dammit' yelled Kurt from the other room cursing the umpires.
Tara barely noticed, she was so immersed in her cowboy novel. It was right in the middle of an intense sex scene where the main character was getting her pussy serviced from behind by a big strong cowboy. The scene came to a close but Tara was left wanting more. She could feel her slit moistening. Sliding off the bed she strolled out to the lounge. Swinging her hips seductively she spoke to Kurt in a girlish tone.
'Baaabe. Can we do something. I'm bored.'
'Not now babe. It's almost half time. We'll do something after the game.'
'But I'm bored now.' She pouted as she stepped between Kurt and the TV.
'Well I can't help that,' he replied, looking around her.
'Fine,' she sighed. 'But you're going to have to explain it to them,' she said as she straddled him thrusting her D cup breasts into his face.
Kurt's focus left the TV, now she had his attention. He stared at the large orbs nestled beneath her red bra and a bright sundress. He knew just how fantastic they looked and felt. Those firm little nubs with large areolas were any man's wet dream. Kurt looked his wife up and down. She was smoking hot, with wide womanly hips and a toned ass that he could have stared at for days. She had beautiful large green eyes, long blonde hair and a smile that could power the whole earth. He thought to himself, right there is the answer to global warming, it's all in that smile.
He opened his mouth 'Don't make me tell them.'
She grinned down at him mischievously. She grabbed his hand and slowly guided it up under her dress.
'Oh you're also going to have to tell my kitty cat.'
'Oh come on. You know I can't do that.' Kurt protested as she guided his hand inside her panties. He could feel the coarse hair of her inch thick landing strip as his hand travelled south. Then the smooth skin of her bald pussy. Immediately his fingers slid in among the sopping wet folds of her pussy.
'Seems like someone has sprung a leak.' Exclaimed Kurt raising an eyebrow at Tara. She simply responded by sensually biting her lip and humping her hips against his hand. Kurt pulled her in for a passionate kiss. As their lips danced across each other's he massaged her dripping snatch, teasing the outer folds but refusing to penetrate her. Breaking their kiss, Tara leant back and looking at him seriously.
'Now are you going to come into the bedroom and fuck me doggy style or am I going to have to take care of this myself?'
'I guess I could take a look at it,' grinned Kurt.
'Good,' responded Tara jumping away from him. She swiped up the remote, turned the TV off and danced off to the bedroom. Swinging her hips so that her dress rode up putting her perfect ass on display. Kurt sat stunned for a second staring between the TV, her ass and his wet fingers. Finally he shrugged to himself and got up and followed her into the bedroom.
When he walked in Tara was already on the bed waiting with her legs spread.
She looked up at him 'I can't wait all day,' she exclaimed sliding a hand under the band of her panties, slowly massaging her clit.
'You are a naughty little woman.' He said, shaking his head. 'I think you need to be taught a lesson.'
Kurt slid on top of her and began to kiss her passionately. He knew she was desperately horny and that just made him all the more determined to take his time. He slowly ran his hands over her body, gently caressing her hips and thighs. Tara was in much more of a rush. She slid her fingers under his shirt drawing it over his head. She threw it to the floor revealing his toned and muscled body, firm against her soft curves. Getting the memo Kurt reached down and began to draw her dress up over her head. Tara sat up to assist him and once her dress was gone she tore at his shorts eager to have his 8 inches of meat inside her. She could see it's rigid outline inside his briefs. He pressed her back against the bed kissing her tenderly as he ground his cock against her groin.
Breaking their kiss he asked 'why are you in such a hurry sexy wife?' Kurt began to gently kiss her neck.
Tara gripped him firmly with both arms humping his cock. 'Fuck me now hubby!'
He grinned down at her 'Okay.'
It was at that moment that the door bell rang.
'Ugh!' Tara groaned in frustration. 'Who is that!'
'I'm not sure,' replied Kurt as he slid from on top of her. Pushing the blinds aside he peaked out the window. On the porch he could see two young men.
'Looks like a couple of preachy blokes or something like that.'
'Ugh!' Tara exclaimed louder this time.
The young men on the porch glanced around spotting Kurt in the window.
'Oh shit,' he exclaimed. 'I think they saw me.' He said as he stepped back letting the blinds fall into place.
Ding dong! The doorbell rang again.
'What do we do now?' Grumbled Tara.
'I know,' replied Kurt looking mischievous. 'Let's mess with them a little and then send them on their way.'
'What did you have in mind?' Asked Tara, cocking an eyebrow. Kurt stepped to the cupboard and removed an item.
'Here throw this on and then go and talk to them.'
He held up a red silk dressing gown. Tara looked at him scandalised.
'I can't do that!' She exclaimed.
'Why not?' he replied. 'You don't have to let them in, just chat to them for a couple of minutes and watch them squirm. Then tell them you're not interested and send them on their way.'
As he spoke he grasped her hand and slowly drew her up from the bed. She stood in front of him in her matching red silk panties and bra looking defiant. She looked spectacular, the bra was low cut, barely covering her pink areolas and the red panties were a skimpy cut that rose up to her hips revealing the smooth skin either side of her landing strip.
Kurt held the dressing gown towards her.
'Come on it'll be fun to tease them a little, besides once they're gone I'll fuck however you want, wherever you want.'
'Fine.' Tara sighed, grabbing the gown from him. She slipped it on carefully knotting it at the front.
'There, how do I look?'
Kurt stared at her drinking in the sight before him. The dressing gown hugged her hips, coming to an end about mid thigh. It was long enough to cover everything, but if she bent over her red panty clad pussy would certainly be on display. At the front the gown plunged down revealing Tara's ample cleavage. It was anchored at her waist by a large bow.
'You look incredible. You are literally sex on legs.'
Tara blushed at the compliment, some of her previous arousal returning.
'Now go and tease those young men and get them out of here so that I can fuck you good and hard!'
Tara grinned at him. 'Alright, alright.' She slid on a pare of heels and strutted out of the room.
She paused at the front door, her heart was racing and the moisture had returned between her legs in full force. Taking a deep breath she slowly opened the large wooden door.
Standing on the other side of the screen door were two young men who looked as if they were in their early twenties. They had turned away about to leave, but hearing the door open they both snapped around at attention. The both stood bolt upright with a look of shock plastered across their faces as the beheld the blonde beauty standing before them. One of them opened his mouth then closed it again, apparently speechless.
'Can I help you boys?' Tara asked.
She absent mindedly traced a finger along the edge of her gown, gently caressing her breast. She watched both boys faces as their eyes followed her progress completely mesmerised. She paused looking at them expectantly. The boy who'd opened his mouth earlier recovered first.
'Good afternoon madam, my names Leo, and this is my younger brother Jasper.' He motioned towards the other young man who simply nodded his head in stunned silence. 'If you've got a moment we're here to spread the word of the lord.'
Tara examined the two young men. They were both a few inches taller than she was. Leo was solidly built with large muscular arms, he had dark brown curly hair cut short and a firm jaw. Jasper was leaner than his brother though slightly taller, he had a mop of light brown hair and dark brown eyes. Both boys wore black suit trousers and ties, with long sleeved white shirts. They were both clean shaven as they stood gawking, waiting for her reply.
'Hmm I don't know.' She paused as if to think. She raised her hand putting a finger to her lips seductively. 'I don't think we need that here.' She started to close the door.
'Wait!' exclaimed Leo desperately. 'If you just give us five minutes we can help guide your way to heaven and all its rewards.'
Tara paused again. 'Thanks honey,' she drawled, 'but I'm on my way to heaven now.' She smiled to herself picturing Kurt's cock.
As she began to slide the door shut a hand reached out from behind her, stopping its progress.
'Hold on a second honey.' Tara's head whipped around to stare at Kurt, a look of shock across her face.
'These young men might be able to teach us something, or vice versa.' He smirked. 'Besides it's a hot day, I bet these guys would enjoy a cold drink.'
'We would very much appreciate it.' Responded Leo hastily.
'Well then come in, I'm sure Tara won't mind fetching you guys a cool glass of water.'
Kurt reached past her and unlatched the screen door. Tara stepped back letting the two young men enter. She was still in shock, her heart racing. She was incredibly aroused at this point but she had only planned to tease the boys quickly before cutting them off abruptly. Now she had been thrust into the unknown.
What could Kurt have planned for her. On one hand she was anxious, on the other she was even more aroused as her mind filtered through all the possible scenarios. She could feel her box moistening further as she considered them.
Slowly she closed the door.
Kurt motioned to the couch in the front lounge room. 'Please take a seat.'
The boys followed his direction and sat next to each other facing the television. Kurt moved his armchair around so that he could sit side on to the two boys. Tara took this as her cue to get the drinks and slowly left the room. All three men watched her hips sway and her luscious ass bounce as she exited, appreciating her beauty.
'So..' asked Kurt. 'What did you fellows want to talk to us about?'
Leo responded, 'Well Sir, part of our job as disciples of the lord, is to spread the word of God, our savior. We go around and assist people in living an ethical and moral life. In doing so we are assisting them on their pathway into heaven.'
'I see,' said Kurt. At that point Tara re-entered the room carrying four glasses and a jug of ice cold water. She placed them on the table then looked around for a coaster. She remembered they were in the bottom draw of the TV unit. Tara turned towards the unit and paused. She could have squatted down to the drawer, but her arousal had made her daring and she decided instead to move her feet shoulder width apart. Then bending at her waist she lent over and slowly slid the drawer open. She removed the coasters and slowly straightened.
The two young men were sitting speechless on the couch. As Tara had lent forward, her dressing gown had ridden up leaving her panties completely exposed. Kurt watched as they stared transfixed at her soft mound, the contours of her engorged pussy lips clearly visible in the soft fabric.
Tara placed the coasters on the table before handing the boys a glass each. They both thanked her profusely, all the while taking furtive looks at her magnificent cleavage. Tara sat down cross legged on a couch adjacent to them and looked across at Kurt giving him a sexy smoldering look. Kurt could see from the deep breaths she was taking and the flushed nature of her breasts and cheeks, that Tara was horny enough to do just about anything. He smiled at her.
'So boys what sort of things do you normally discourage people from doing?'
Leo paused thoughtfully. 'Well we tell people to avoid things like cheating, alcohol, improper thoughts, sex before marriage, theft, masturbation...'
'Wait, why masturbation?' interjected Kurt.
Leo squirmed uncomfortably 'Well it is an abuse of self, it is unnatural.'
'I see,' replied Kurt. 'So neither of you masturbate? Haven't even tried it?'
'No Sir,' came the reply.
'Have either of you seen a woman masturbate?'
'No Sir.'
'Then how do you know it is so bad if you've never tried it yourself and never seen a woman masturbate? For that is truly a thing of beauty.'
'Well it is gods will.' Replied Leo.
'Well if you wanted I reckon I could convince Tara here masturbate for you and then you'd be able to make up your own mind.'
Tara gasped, unsure how to feel about being casually offered as an educational prop. On one hand she knew she should be offended, but on the other she felt incredibly aroused at the thought of giving them all a show.
Leo hesitated, 'No, I'm sorry, it wouldn't be right.'
At hearing this Jasper nudged Leo uncomfortably. And looked at him questioningly. He was clearly not one to look a gift horse in the mouth.
As Tara looked at him she realised he reminded her a lot of Kurt when they had first gotten together as a pair of fresh faced teenagers.
'You know she does love to do it. Tara has an incredible body and there is nothing more beautiful than the look on her face when she cums. If you watch her then you can really make your mind up.'
Jasper spoke up then. 'I think it's a good idea.'
Leo shot him an angry look before he relented. 'Fine.'
The three men in the room all turned towards Tara. Her hands had already started unconsciously caressing her thighs. She looked Kurt in the eyes and he gave a little nod.
Taking a deep breath, Tara leant back and closed her eyes. Her hands slowly untied her robe before peeling it open to reveal her beautiful breasts cradled by her red bra. A small damp spot was evident in the centre of her silken red panties where her leaking snatch had begun to soak them through. Kurt watched as both the young men stared at her hungrily drinking in her amazing body. Their eyes roamed, unable to stay focused on any point for too long.
Tara's right hand traced up and down her thigh before softly stroking the skin adjacent to her panties. Her left hand moved up to her left breast and began to gently massage her tit through the fabric of her bra. Her right hand came up and mimicked the action on her right breast. She spread her legs slightly wider and began to hump the air in front of her crotch slowly. After a minute of this she slowly slid her hands down across her smooth abdomen and massaged her inner thighs and groin with her fingers, flirting with the edge of her panties. Finally she could take it no longer, she stood up looking at Kurt and opened her arms, slowly letting her gown slide down her body to the floor. Smiling, she turned to face Leo and Jasper. She reached around behind her back and unclasped her bra. She let go of it slowly, dropping it to the floor beside her gown. Both boys stared open mouthed as her two glorious orbs were set free. Tara cupped them, weighing them in her hands. She began to massage them. She smiled down at the boys, licking her lips as she gently tugged on her sensitive nipples. They were rock hard as she teased them.
'Mmmm,' Tara moaned.
She leant forward towards them, weighing both breasts in her hands. Her erect nipples poking between her fingers. She smiled at the boys, licking her lips sensually. Both boys blushed slightly as they stared between Taras drop dead gorgeous face and the most incredible set of tits they had ever seen.
'That's it,' she thought. 'I've been teased long enough.'
Tara turned and knelt on the couch with her perfect ass facing the rest of the room. Her legs were set slightly wider than shoulder width apart, offering the boys a spectacular view. Slowly her right hand traced down until she was gently massaging her pussy through her panties. With her left hand she propped herself up, arching her back. She looked back over her shoulder to see all three men transfixed by her perfect ass and the glimpses they were getting of her fingers busily working between her legs.
'Ooooh,' she moaned tilting her head back.
She could take it no longer her hand slid up to her waistband and then dove down into her wet panties.
'Ooooh yeah!' She exclaimed as she massaged her pussy lips, her fingers instantly slick with pussy juice. She ran her hand up and down her slit, allowing one finger to slip between the folds.
'Mmmhmm,' she moaned.
Tara plunged two fingers into her pussy.
'Oh fuck!' Her pussy pulsed as she experienced a small orgasm just from the penetration. She began to curl her fingers inside, flicking her g-spot.
'That's enough Tara.' Kurt's words hit her like a freight train. Her head whipped around to look at him as her fingers picked up pace frantically frigging herself.
'What?' She gasped.
'They've seen enough, you can stop.'
'No no no.' She shook her head, curling her fingers inside her wet hole. She could feel an orgasm building.
'No, no we haven't!' The two boys exclaimed together.
Kurt stepped across the room and grasped her arm, stopping the rapid motion. 'That's enough babe.' Tara looked him in the eyes defiantly, then slowly slid her fingers from her wet snatch. Her hips humped after them involuntarily as they left. They exited her panties coated in her juices. Kurt handed her, her gown. Tara slid it over her shoulders and sat back down on the couch, crossing her legs again. She let the gown fall open just covering her firm nipples, the edges of her areolas visible to the boys probing eyes. Reaching down she wiped her wet fingers on her panties, all the while glaring at Kurt who had returned to his seat. Her chest heaved as she continued to breathe heavily.
'So what do you guys think now?' asked Kurt. Addressing the two young men on the couch.
They both just stared at him unsure how to respond.
'So do you still think masturbation is a sin?' He pressed them further.
After a long pause Leo found his voice. 'There is no way something so beautiful could ever be a sin.'
Tara smiled at him, appreciatively.
'Would you like to see more?' Queried Kurt.
'Oh most definitely!' Responded Leo.
'Well I'd love to help you out but it just doesn't seem fair that you get to see her masturbate but she can't see you.'
'We couldn't do that,' responded Leo, panic creeping into his voice.
'Well then I guess you're not going to see her cum. It's a shame, it really is a magnificent sight.' Kurt let the words hang in the air for a few moments, watching both boys squirming in discomfort, torn between their lust and their conservative upbringing.
Suddenly Jasper stood up. He stepped away from the couch and turned to face Tara. There was still some indecision in his face. As Tara watched his eyes flicked down to the wet patch between her legs. That seemed to steel his nerve because suddenly he was unbuckling his belt and allowing his pants to slide down his athletic legs to the floor. He slid his briefs off and his cock sprung free. He was semi erect and Tara stared fixedly. He was well endowed, his cock was long and thick with a smooth bulbous head. It would have been just over 7 inches and aside from Kurt's 8 inches of meat it was the biggest cock Tara had ever seen. Whilst it wasn't quite as long as Kurt's it was certainly his equal in girth. She smiled to herself, this cock would definitely be capable of pleasing a woman. Her eyes finally slid away from his cock reassessing his frame. As she looked over his lean body she was reminded of Kurt when they'd first met as teenagers. He had had the same wiry frame and dark mop of hair, along with a cock to be worshipped.
Jasper knelt down, wrapped his fingers around his shaft and began to slowly pump while staring up at the goddess sitting before him, his eyes roaming her curves.
Leo had been watching in stunned silence as this unfolded, but now he snapped into action, clearly afraid that if he hesitated any longer he would be left out of whatever entertainment was going to follow. He hastily dropped his pants and freed his stiff rod, before dropping to his knees next to his brother.
Tara stared at his erection, appraising it. He was about 6 inches in length and of average size. While he didn't need to be ashamed of it, it certainly didn't warrant bragging about.
'Must be daunting knowing your brothers packing that monster,' she thought.
Leo had started pumping himself now too and was staring at her left breast which had managed to escape from her gown.
Tara looked across at Kurt.
'May I?' She questioned, as she gestured towards her pussy.
'You may.' He replied with a smug grin on his face.
Tara stood, letting the gown fall at her feet. Both of her magnificent orbs bounced playfully free. She squatted down in front of the boys, with her legs spread wide. She hefted a breast in each hand and massaged it. Both boys leaned in closer as she extended a breast towards each of them. She could feel their hot breath on her stiff nipples as she continued to massage her tits.
'Mmmm,' she moaned.
Tara stood, sliding her hands down her body until her fingers hitched in the band of her panties. She smiled to herself as she shimmied her hips, finally freeing her pussy from its silken confines. She looked down to see both the young men staring up at her, frantically pumping themselves.
Kurt stared, drinking in the sight of her thick landing strip and the soft lips that hung below. He could clearly see her inner flaps, slick with moisture and engorged from her arousal.
Tara sat, drawing her legs up onto the couch, she spread herself wide with her feet resting on the edge of the couch. Her soft lips parted offering the men a clear view into her wet hole. The pair kneeling in front of her shuffled forward, leaning in to examine the depths of her pussy. Even Kurt lent forward soaking up the sight. It didn't matter how many times he saw that hot body he would never have enough.
Tara's left hand began to massage her left breast, while her right slid down across her wet slit. Her fingers were immediately slick with her juices. She parted her lips further spreading her opening for all to see. Ever so gently she rubbed her middle finger over her clit.
'Oooohaaah!' Tara shuddered as she had a small climax. Her hips thrust forward ever so slightly, and everyone could see her tight hole contract and then relax. A small stream dribbled from her lips tracing its way down across her asshole and onto the couch.
Tara sighed and the slid two fingers deep inside herself.
'Oh yeah!' she cried. Her fingers faced no resistance and she immediately began to pump her pussy, curling her fingers up inside just the way Kurt did. As her fingers danced inside herself she could feel her orgasm building. Looking across at Kurt, she saw that he had finally freed his own cock and was slowly pumping it. She stared at his massive erection desperately.
'OOOoooh! YES!'
Her hips bucked and her back arched as she was struck by a huge orgasm. Her fingers slowed for a second savouring her orgasm. She looked down at the two young men in front of her.
Leo was staring fixedly at her busy fingers. His face was scrunched in concentration as he frantically stroked himself. Tara could sense it was taking all his will power not to cum. She increased her tempo and moaned.
'Mmmm.'
As she watched Leo's face, she saw him lose his battle. His face contorted and he let out a loud gasp. His cock pulsed shooting a rope of cum. He caught it in his other hand, grunting as he unleashed another three ropes.
'Oooof!'
Tara came again hard. It was such a turn on to have so much control. Knowing she could make a man cum with a simple moan. She could feel the heat radiating from her pussy as her vaginal walls contracted around her fingers trapping them in a vice like grip.
'OOooooooh GOD!!!!'
Tara slumped back breathing heavily as she finally came down from her orgasm. Her fingers slowly squeezed from her tight opening.
Looking down she saw Leo slumped over staring almost stunned at her needy hole. Next to him though Jasper was still pumping with a hungry look in his eye as he stared at her hot box.
'Hmm stamina and size. He really is like a young Kurt.' She thought to herself.
'He'll definitely make some girl happy one day. Now let's see if I can break him.' She smiled down at him. Her fingers going to work gently stroking her moist outer lips. Her pussy was hyper sensitive following her earlier orgasm so even that gentle touch was enough to make her gasp.
She went to work slowly on her outer folds, gradually increasing her tempo and pressure all while letting out a series of little gasps and sighs that were so arousing Kurt nearly blew his load on the spot.
Tara's snatch was now leaking like a tap as she spread the moisture around her soft flaps. Her fingers brushed lightly against her clit and she whimpered girlishly. She repeated the action and whimpered again louder. Looking down she could see Jasper lean in closer staring just inches from her tight pussy. He was breathing heavily and she could feel the heat on her thighs as he breathed out. She grazed her clit again and again and again, whimpering each time. She began to build up a rhythm gently strumming her clit. Her eyes closed her neck arched back with her mouth wide. Tara picked up her pace and her whimpers turned into a constant babble of squeaks and gasps as her fingers became a blur as she desperately frigged her clit.
This proved to much for Jasper as he stared at her pulsing snatch. '
Aaaah!' He gasped as his balls tightened and his cock pulsed spraying rope after rope of cum across his arm and trousers. Tara's eyes snapped open and looking down she could see his thick cock exploding. After a few seconds he slumped forward spent. That was the last piece of the puzzle for Tara her hips lifted off the couch as her fingers strummed as fast as humanly possible. And then it hit her.
'Eeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhh!!!' Her fingers ground to a halt pressing hard against her cum button. Her hips lifted further and her pussy spasmed sending a spray of cum across the boys faces. She spasmed three more times squirting her juices over their upturned faces. Finally she collapsed back against the couch completely spent. She lay slumped with her eyes closed and gave a sigh, caught in a post orgasmic stupor.
The two young men were slumped in front of her locked in a trance by her beauty.
Kurt slid his shorts back up and stepped across behind them.
'Right guys. I think you've seen enough to change your minds.'
He grabbed them by their collars and drew them up into a standing position.
'Yes, absolutely, that was amazing gasped leo,' as he tried to get his pants up one handed. Next to him Jasper was struggling just as hard. After they had succeeded somewhat Kurt guided them to the front door.
As he opened it they both looked at him with a somewhat dazed expression.
'Please you can't make us go like this,' exclaimed Leo.
Kurt looked at them, each cupping a handful of their own cum, their hair and shirts were both streaked and wet with Tara's juices.
'That's not my problem.' He smiled at them.
'Tara and I have business to attend to.' And with that he pushed them out the door. He shut it behind them and turned to face Tara. She smiled up at him from the couch looking dreamy.
'Time for that Doggy style you ordered,' he said grinning at her.
'Sure,' she replied with a grin.
She slid sideways on the couch but struggled to roll, her limbs week after all the orgasms. Kurt grabbed her by the waist and slowly lifted her hips into position. She knelt on shaky legs with her head drooping across the armrest. Kurt knelt behind, resting a hand on her hips. Taking his rod in his other hand he began to guide it up and down her wet lips, coating his thick member with her juices.
Tara let out a sigh.
Finally Kurt stopped with the head if his cock resting against her wet entry. He began to press forward until the bulbous head of his erection penetrated her opening. Tara's eyes shot open wide and her hands gripped the armrest with white knuckles.
'So thick, so sensitive!' she exclaimed.
Kurt fed her another inch and she gasped again.
'Too tight!'
Kurt reached up and grabbed her shoulder. He continued to slide into her slowly. When he was half way in she gave a loud grunt, clenching her teeth, wincing as she was stretched to her maximum.
'That's it babe, you can do it.' He patted her arse as his dick continued its journey deep inside her.
Finally she felt him bottom out against the back wall of her vagina. She breathed out a sigh of relief. Slowly he began to pump her. Tara was well lubricated and quickly he began picking up pace.
'Oh God!' cried Tara as she climaxed already. It was like her sensitivity had been dialled up to %200.
'Oh fuck!' she came again.
'Myyyyy pussssy!' her orgasms were all rolling together now every time he penetrated her she felt another wave washing over her. Kurt was in heaven. Tara was so tight, every time he pulled out he could feel her tight snatch milking him. Tara's whole body was tense now, she was yelling deliriously willing him on as her orgasms coursed through her body.
'Fuck!'
'Fuck!'
'Fuck!'
'Fuuuuck!'
'Myyyyy!'
'Cuuuunntt!!!
And with that Kurt came, filling her with his load. Tara felt his member pulse, felt it spraying inside of her. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and she screamed as one final epic climax rocked her body.
Kurt was breathing heavily as he slowly came down from his orgasm. After a minute he composed himself and slowly slid his member from Tara's snatch. She sighed and as he stepped up off the couch she slid sideways resting against the back of the couch. She stayed like this with here pussy in the air and her head slumped across the armrest. She had a look of bliss on her face as she slowly drifted off to sleep. Kurt grinned at his sexy spent wife as he watched a line of their mixed cum dribble from her pussy and down her leg. He threw a blanket over her and then left her to recover.
'Now I'd better go see who won the footy,' he thought to himself.