Never in my life had I been this turned on—not ever, not even close. Compounding the staggering pleasure I got from bringing my deepest, most secret fantasy out in the open and into real life, the erotic thrill of watching Mike and my friends see me go completely out of control, happily taking on any and every stiff slab of man-meat I could get inside myself, was indescribable. I could see that my torrid performance had produced an incredible, pounding erection in my hubby, along with everybody else. Mike and Zach both said afterwards that they absolutely, positively LOVED looking on as I took on a whole platoon of perfect strangers—loved watching me make them cum; loved watching THEM make ME cum. Watching them shoot load after load onto me and into me. Watching me lick up and swallow every drop of semen I could. Watching me intimately sharing my naked body with so many anonymous strangers, every facet of my perverted sexuality eagerly exposed for their own erotic pleasure. SMOKING fucking HOT, it was!
Once things got going good, I never had fewer than four men working me over at once, filling my pussy, my mouth, my hands; playing with my titties, licking my neck. Kissing my mouth the second another spent, dripping cock pulled out of me and I had swallowed yet another hot, gooey load. Running their hands all over my naked, cum-slathered body. I was pulling a train that had grown to over thirty horny passengers, all patiently waiting their turn to climb aboard Christiana's Orgasm Express for a good, hard ride—the sex-trip of a lifetime, one nobody in this room would ever forget.
As the bouncer finally stepped up between my open thighs and slotted himself—lubricating his swollen cock-head against my pussy lips, slowly running it up and down over my truly well-fucked slit—I opened my eyes to gaze into his, recognizing him at once. He had ogled me pretty seriously as we came into the place, not in any offensive way, mind. Actually, I thought it was sorta sweet at the time—like a shy little puppy dog who just couldn't help being overcome by my sexual powers, which in turn made me blush a little myself.
Plus, he was quite a good-looking young stud too. And since even then I knew quite well how the night would hopefully turn out...well, let's just say I'd had big plans for this boy right from the very start, 'kay?
Anyways, I gave the bouncer a lush, glassy-eyed smile as I felt his prick enter me, enjoying the delicious feeling as he pierced my vagina. I decided to teased him, taunt him a little bit: "Oooh, you too, huh? Just couldn't resist me, had to cum get yourself some of me? Had to see for yourself what I'm like? So how do I feel, then? You like my pussy, baby? Does it feel good getting that big, sweet prick of yours inside me? UNNNNNHHHHHHOHHHYEAHYEAHYEAHSHIT...am I a goooood fuck? You like fucking me? UNGHYESUNGHYESUNGHYESDOMEDOMEDOME!! You enjoying me, baby? Are ya? ARE YA?!?"
He groaned as he pumped me, very loud, then bawled, "God DAMN, baby, your pussy feels SOOOO good! You're just a hot-ass bitch, the best, sweetest fuck I ever...uhhhngh, I'm about to...I'm about to...OHHHHHHYEHYEHYEHYEH!" I felt his long, thick cock spasm inside my well-used pussy, and just like that I felt the burning rush of yet another stranger's cum into me. I couldn't help it; I threw my head back and moaned in carnal unison with my stud, the bliss of another orgasm washing over me in powerful waves along with him.
To my surprise and delight, the well-hung bouncer went right on humping furiously without the slightest pause after he had shot his (first, as it turned out!) load into me, never even slowing his deep, vicious thrusting at all. In just moments, my own horny delight spiked higher still as I realized his cock was quickly getting hard again, swelling inside me to its previous pussy-wrecking proportions. I tried my best to help the process along by squeezing his dick hard with my well-trained, very experienced Down-There muscles, shivering with pleasure when I heard a deep, long moan from him in response to my efforts.
The rest of my eager orgy lineup had backed off for the moment, as if admiring the way my latest stallion was working me over, shouting their encouragement at me: YEAH, TAKE THAT FAT COCK, BABY! FUCK HIM GOOD, GET HIM OFF, GIVE HIM ALL THAT SWEET WHORE-PUSSY!! SHOW US HOW MUCH YOU LOVE IT!! It was plain for all to see this guy was giving me an especially thorough fucking, probably one of the best I'd had in my life. My audience knew a seriously well-fucked Hotwife when they saw one—knew by now how much it was turning me on to have a crowd watching me being fucked to orgasm in front of them. Now and then I would look around at them, showing them the thrill their rapt attention gave me via a woozy, blissed-out smile. Meanwhile, Bouncer Boy kept pounding me like an animal, making me gulp short, sharp breaths of air with his every savage thrust.
My next orgasm came as a real surprise, totally taking me over body, mind, and soul, leaving me helpless as a kitten as it drenched all my senses in a tsunami of carnal ecstasy. Good as all the previous ones had been, this one was downright shattering. I felt drained both physically and mentally, too weak to even think of getting off the stage and onto my feet. The heat and pleasure seemed endless as well, wave after wave of ecstasy that just went on and on.
The combination was magical: fucking in public; pulling a train of anonymous men, all taking turns at using my willing body for their own sexual pleasure; the ferociously undivided attention of a whole roomful of horny men waiting their opportunity to take me sexually. Being completely naked in front of so very many total strangers.The sight of all those big, lovely cocks so speedily getting hard again and again entirely because of the lust my own perverted desire ignited in them all. The powerful effect my plainly available, sexy, naked body visibly had on them. Freely sharing full knowledge of every least detail of my sexuality with this appreciative crowd of perfect strangers, from how I sound and act when I orgasm, to what my naked body looks and feels like, to how thoroughly I enjoy fucking and sucking, to...oh, you name it, I gave it all to them.
I myself was shocked by how intensely all those things had aroused me, driving me nearly mad with not just desire, but real NEED. But perhaps the biggest turn-on of all was tonight's brazen, public confession of my own true nature as an irredeemable whore: a wanton cumslut who craved cock so desperately she was not only willing but eager to be fucked by a horde of men, in a public place, shamelessly and without restraint.
Again and again and again, one after another after another mounted me, penetrated me, ravished me, filled me with his cum, and withdrew to let another stranger take me. I was delirious with sexual pleasure, drunk on it; fucking all these horny men, pleasuring them, giving myself to them, satisfying them, was my entire universe now. I refused them nothing; every act, every degradation, every perversion, every humiliation was theirs for the taking, all of it only intensifying my own boundless lust, heightening your orgasmic bliss. I was wholly without shame, fear, or inhibition, an eager and voracious participant in my own humiliation. I would have happily begged them on my knees for more, for worse extremes of abuse. There was no need to, which made me happier still; my fuck-buddies effortlessly came up with endless ideas for my sexual subjugation—some of which I could hardly believe I had consented to, every last one of which I thoroughly enjoyed and hoped to be experiencing again soon.
After I had satisfied all thirty Christiana-hounds, a truly incredible tableau unfolded in the aftermath. Thirty drained, happy men...and one insatiable Hotwife slut—all naked, all sweaty and disheveled, all lying on, over, across, and around one another on that stripper-bar stage. Smiling, breathing hard and heavy, with this lone sexy Hotwife in the middle of the pileup, still the center of attention as my fuck-partners lazily fondled, caressed, and groped my bare body. I returned the favor by stroking every cock I could get my hands on, cupping and fondling each pair of balls, enjoying every second of being shared-out by my horny Cucksband. The vacant smile on my face as I continued to enjoy this less-frenzied sexual attention was otherwordly. The intensity of all those orgasms had sent me away to another plane entirely, a place I liked very much indeed.