The heat had come early this year, sweeping over Quiet Acres so quickly that the the old air conditioners struggled to keep up.
Lounging outside in a pair of cutoff jeans and a tube top was a regular seasonal visitor, a dark-skinned woman with wide hips and an ass to match. Her nipples poked through the thin fabric of her top as she lay still, eyes closed behind enormous sunglasses, her dark, curled hair spilling down around her face.
On a day like this, there was little else Ruby Pierce wanted to do other than laze around and let the heat overwhelm her. She was shaded from the sun by the large pines that grew on the grounds, but the haze of humidity clung heavy in the air. Sweat made her tube top and cutoffs -- if they could even be called that, they fit more like a bikini bottom -- cling uncomfortably to her skin.
Sitting up a bit, Ruby raised her sunglasses to look around. The area behind the boarding house seemed empty other than her. She'd seen a few of the other lodgers this morning at breakfast, like the guy who clearly loved his body, that new hiker, the cute girl with the glasses, but since then she'd been left to her own devices.
The housemistress didn't have any rules about nudity outside; Ruby had experience in this when she'd decided to sunbathe naked last year, waking with a start from a nap to find the tall, domineering woman standing over her. The housemistress explained that Ruby had gained a small audience, pointing to three men who stood in the open door to the lodge, shirtless, pitching tents, staring at her and smiling.
That had been a fun night.
Ruby fanned herself with one hand ineffectually, the other tugging at the elastic that strained to hold up her top. Where's the harm? she thought, shrugging to herself and removing the thin fabric loop with a swift and practiced movement.
Her breasts hung free as she smiled, laying down again and relishing the feeling of fresh air on her bare skin. A well-timed breeze picked up, highlighting the sweaty parts of her body with a chill and making her already-stiff nipples grow. With a contented sigh, Ruby tried to truly relax, shifting for a moment to adjust her cutoffs.
What am I doing? Laughing to herself, Ruby popped open the fly and slid off her cutoffs along with the bright red thong she wore underneath, kicking them off and dropping her feet to the ground so her thighs were spread open.
The same breeze picked up again, making her shiver with delight as it caressed her bare legs and hips. That's much better. Content and completely naked, Ruby stretched in way that she assumed was seductive were anyone watching her, arching her back to push out her heavy breasts and puffy nipples, thrusting her hips out to move in a slow circle, and ending by grabbing the arches of her feet and bringing them up close to her chest.
Wouldn't be the worst thing if I had an audience again.
Looking around from beneath her sunglasses, Ruby was disappointed to see there were no cute boys outside watching, ready and eager for her body. Oh well. You can't always get what you want, she told herself, closing her eyes and letting herself relax into the lawn chair.
Unseen to the sunbather were the two roommates Jacob and Isaac, who stood at the small window in their room wearing only their boxers (because of the heat, of course), eyes wide, taking in the view of the naked woman below. The chugging AC unit in their room was failing and the promise of a breeze outside was already enticing; the beautiful woman lounging outside who had just gone through a series of movements that highlighted her amazing features sealed the deal.
"So... what, we just go up and ask if we can join her?" Jacob was changing into a pair of loose shorts and nothing else. He watched his roommate strip naked before pulling on a pair of workout shorts, so tight that the outline of his cock was clearly visible. Looking up to meet Jacob's gaze, the bodybuilder smiled.
"Worst case scenario, she says no and we're back where we started. Which, judging by that look..." Isaac posed for his jerk buddy, rubbing his thigh that pressed against the tight, black fabric. "Isn't terrible."
The two walked outside in sunglasses and sandals, moving at what they hoped was a casual pace towards Ruby. As they got closer, Jacob was acutely aware of how much he was staring. At breakfast the woman with the ample curves and tiny shorts had caught his attention. But up close like this, her body fully on display, his heart was beginning to race.
Isaac, on the other hand, was the image of self confidence, his sculpted muscles gleaming with sweat, his cock barely hidden in his tight shorts, a cocky smile plastered on his face. He and Ruby had never fucked before, but they'd had some fun together in the past. His mind cast back to a year ago when he and two other men had caught her sunbathing naked, and what had followed was a very fun night.
They approached the small line of lawn chairs, Isaac sitting down immediately next to Ruby and swinging his legs up onto the chair. "Mind if we join you?" he asked, laying down before she could answer.
Ruby lowered her sunglasses, cocking an eyebrow and holding back a smile. "Of course, boys. I don't own this space." Propping herself up on her elbows, Ruby extended one hand over the reclined and now-naked Isaac, who had wasted no time in peeling off his shorts to join the nudist movement, towards his roommate.
"I don't think we've officially met. I'm Ruby." She locked eyes with Jacob, who fought to maintain eye contact between the two naked and gorgeous people splayed out before him.
"You're new here right?"
"Yeah, new," Jacob stammered, leaning over his naked roommate to take her hand. Her skin was smooth and soft, and his breath caught in his throat as he felt her finger graze his palm before they separated. "Jacob. Isaac and I are roommates, and we uhh... saw you out here..."
Ruby gestured to the empty chair to her right, lying back down and lowering her sunglasses over her eyes. "Of course, help yourself. Your roommate seems to have the right idea."
Looking down at Isaac, Jacob saw him wink, stretching out his legs and dropping his soles to the ground so as to properly present himself. Isaac walked around the two, hoping his side glances were at least somewhat subtle, sitting down on the lawn chair before stretching out on it with his hands behind his head.
"Hey," Isaac called out, not even looking up. "No fair. Can't hang out here unless you're naked, too."
"As much as I hate to say it," Ruby teased. "He's right. If you're gonna hang out here, you can't be wearing anything. No fair getting to see us naked if you've still got those on."
"Of course," Jacob muttered, hesitating for a moment before kicking off his sandals and sliding off his shorts. He was already getting hard, with Ruby's curves shifting and jiggling as she adjusted herself in the lawn chair. Lying down, it only became more obvious as his cock slowly flipped up against his stomach.
The trio lay in silence for a few moments, each finding a comfortable spot on their chair and stealing looks at each other's bodies. Jacob let his mind wander, wondering how good it would feel to move over and let his hands and mouth explore Ruby's body, how good it would feel to have her nipples in his mouth, her thighs wrapped around his head, to see that curly head of hair bouncing up and down between his legs.
His cock betrayed his thoughts, slowly growing against him as he lost himself in a fantasy. Thankfully, Isaac was doing the same, reaching down with to grab his thigh so that when his heavy cock began to push up it seemed like an accident that his hand was against it. Shifting his arm a bit, he was able to rub the head, smiling to himself as he thought of Ruby and Isaac working together to jerk him off.
Ruby, meanwhile, was acutely aware of her effect on these men. She delighted in seeing them slowly get hard, found Isaac's not-so-subtle methods cute, and the apparently shyness of the new guy on the other side was adorable. Arching her back again with a sigh that could pass for a moan, Ruby sat up and twisted her back to crack it and to swing her breasts at the voyeurs who'd come for a show.
"Sorry," she laughed. "Just stretching. I'm a little stiff."
She flipped onto her knees, going onto all fours before pushing her ass up and back into a pose that saw her face pressed against the chair looking to her left at Jacob. Behind her, Isaac dropped all pretense as he sat up to get a better look at her ass shaking in their air as Ruby wagged her hips back and forth.
It had been obvious to her what these two boys wanted since they walked up, and Ruby had no intention to let them go unsatisfied. But that didn't mean she wouldn't have fun playing with them first. Straightening up to kneel on her chair, Ruby smiled as she raised her arms and stretched to the sky.
With another sigh that stirred something in the two men, she ran her hands down her body, pressing across her breasts, down her hips to her thighs, only to run them back up to grab her tits and give them a little squeeze. Isaac had jumped the gun, grabbing himself and beginning to play, but it seemed the new boy would take a bit more coaxing to come out of his shell.
Ruby leaned down, picking something up from her purse under the chair. It was a small bottle of scented body oil, something she always carried around at Quiet Acres should the need arise; and around here, things were often rising up that called for body oil. Shaking the bottle at Jacob, she asked, "Lend me a hand? I forgot to put suntan oil on earlier, and the sun's coming around."
Jacob could only nod, his eyes fixated on the bottle as he took it from her as she lay down on her stomach. Ruby put her hands under her head, a necessity as her breasts put her at an awkward angle, making a lot of space between her and the chair. Slowly, as though a sudden movement might disturb her, Jacob knelt over her body, his cock hanging at attention so close to her exposed ass.
"Well?" Isaac added, smiling at his roommate. He had no idea Ruby had this in store for Jacob -- in fact, he was a little jealous the hiker would get to rub his hands all over her body -- but was enjoying the show nonetheless. Leaning back with one hand on the chair, Isaac took his cock in his other hand and nodded towards Ruby. "The lady's waiting, man. Get to work."
Dumping some oil on his hand, Jacob steeled himself and dove in. He first ran his strong, calloused hands down her back, mesmerized as her skin shone even in the shade of the trees. Taking care not to press his stiffness against her, he moved along her shoulder blades and her neck, massaging down her spine to be greeted with a contented groan as he reached her lower back.
"If you don't mind," she cooed. "I could use a massage there."
Jacob simply nodded, kneading his fingers and knuckles gently into her back. He could tell she was tight there and thought about how much effort it took to hold up her ample chest all day. Wishing he could volunteer to help hold them, he instead took his chances by running his hands over the top curve of her ass.
In response, Ruby pushed her hips up a bit to meet his hands. Silently, she urged him on, shaking her hips at him as if to say keep going. Making large circles, Jacob moved his way down her back, across her waist, until finally he was just massaging her ass, grabbing handfuls of her flesh and pressing down hard with his fingers.
Isaac, meanwhile, had taken the bottle put aside by Jacob and poured some on his chest and abs, spreading it around so that he glistened before moving it onto his shaft. His cock stood at attention now as one hand glided up and down it easily, simply teasing it for now. Isaac was hoping things would escalate soon. To answer his wish, Ruby pushed her hips up suddenly, pressing against Jacob's cock.
"My, my," Ruby purred. "Has massaging my ass made you that excited?"
Jacob moaned, his hands still gripping her ass, fighting the urge to move back and slip inside her. Instead, he moved his hands to her hips and began to slowly grind against her oiled ass, his dick practically vanishing between her cheeks as she giggled.
"About time you come around. Here I was thinking you weren't interested."
"Oh, I'm interested," Jacob gasped through gritted teeth. "I'm very interested."
"How could he not be?" Isaac chimed in, slowly rising to his feet.
Ruby lowered her hips, disappointing Jacob momentarily before she spun around to face the two naked men. Isaac dripped with oil down his chest and the brief but intimate contact Jacob had made caused his cock and thighs to glisten the same way. She took the bottle from Isaac and poured the remainder on her breasts and stomach, massaging it in with both hands. Her tits shone as she kneaded them, paying extra attention to her sensitive nipples, pressing her flesh to work herself up.
The oil on her stomach dripped down between her legs, which she opened to spread the oil along herself. Down past her navel, tracing a line across her hip, one hand found its way to the delicious prize that both men had been dreaming about since they arrived outside, already wet and now slick with inviting oil.
"Step closer," she instructed Isaac, who obeyed immediately. Shuffling forward, Ruby sat beneath both of them, her legs spread wide, two cocks hanging near her smiling face. "You boys. I always get an audience when I try to go naked out here."
"Oh I'm sorry, did you want some privacy?" Isaac teased, looking over at Jacob with a smile. "We can go back inside if you want."
Rolling her eyes, Ruby took one cock in each hand and pressed the tips together, enjoying the moans that escaped the lips of the two roommates she hoped to entertain. "Oh, come on Isaac, even if you just got to sit there and jerk off to me you wouldn't leave."
Isaac's only response was a nod as Ruby slowly frotted his throbbing member against his roommates, who was reveling in his good fortune. Looking down at her glistening tits and Isaac's enormous cock pressed against his own, the hiker smiled and said, "Doesn't seem fair to you, though. That we get to feel your hands and you just have to sit there."
"Oh, don't worry, hun," Ruby said, kissing the tips of their cocks where they met. "We can figure it out as we go." Her tongue slid between their heads, tasting the oil that had been pressed onto both of them. With a deep moan, Ruby closed her eyes and began to slowly stroke both shafts against each other.
Above her, Isaac and Jacob had found each other's gaze, smiling and letting their hands wander close enough to touch, then hook, then hold and grip tight. Isaac threw his head back with a low groan, giving Jacob the opening to let go and take ahold of Isaac's tight butt with a smack. With a look of surprise, the bodybuilder returned the spank, roughly shaking the handful of Jacob he'd grabbed.
"I love when my boys play grab-ass," Ruby murmured, her mouth covered by the intersection of two cocks she held before her. Leaning in, Isaac planted a firm kiss on Jacob's lips who returned the passion eagerly. Looking up, Ruby could see their tongues emerges and explore, making her open legs shake with anticipation.
She began to pick up her pace, stroking both shafts with equal pressure and urgency. While Isaac was much bigger, Ruby managed to adjust accordingly; the oil he'd spread down his shaft helped too, providing a slick surface for her work.
Behind the back of her boys, Jacob had moved his hand a little lower, pressing an old-slicked finger against his roommate's hole. Isaac gasped but did not stop him, instead pushing back slightly with his hips to adjust Jacob's angle of approach. With a bit of pressure, his finger slid in slowly and easily, probing into Isaac.
He could barely stand it. After their last workout session, Isaac had revealed how hard he came with just a little pressure in his ass. With the thick, eager finger of Jacob now pushing deeper inside, Isaac knew it wouldn't be long until he was writhing and bucking as his climax shook his frame. Even now, the pressing of Jacob's finger inside him was making something deep begin to stir and tingle in Isaac's body.
Ruby busied herself with her fun, alternating taking the head of one cock then the other into her mouth, sucking loudly and sloppily so these boys remembered who they were there for. It seemed they were lost in their own little world, making out together and... the way Isaac was moving his hips made her stop.
"Jacob, are you finger-fucking your roommate?"
He was too shocked to answer. Instead, Isaac pulled away from their kiss and moaned, "Yes, and he's really fuckin' good at it."
Ruby couldn't hold herself back anymore. Her left hand kept stroking Jacob while she took as much of Isaac in her mouth as she could; her right hand moved down between her legs, gently slipping between her lips as she moaned through a mouthful of the bodybuilder's cock. She felt him moan in tandem with her, the deep vibrations of his pleasure echoing through his long shaft.
Jacob grinned, looking between the gorgeous woman jerking him off and his sexy roommate gently thrusting back against his hand. He worked his finger slowly, holding back Ruby's hair with his free hand to make her job easier. With a small pop, she pulled herself off of Isaac's head and swapped hands, grabbing the shaft she could barely fit her hand around and letting Jacob enjoy her lips and tongue.
All the while she continued to pleasure herself, two manicured fingers gently circling her clit, sliding past it up and down, just teasing herself for now. Her two boys marveled at her multitasking skills: one hand skillfully gliding up the oiled shaft of Isaac; her head bobbing up and down on Jacob's dick, her tongue skillfully moving across it as her took it deeper each time; her other hand between her own legs, slowly gaining speed and intensity.
And Jacob still pushed deeper into his roommate, pushing his finger up to the second knuckle to a deep grunt from the bodybuilder. "You're not careful, I'm gonna... fuck, you're gonna make me blow all over her," Isaac gasped, both he and Isaac now holding back Ruby's hair as she swapped hands and cocks once again.
"Better make sure you warn me," Ruby said between mouthfuls of him. "You know I'm a cum slut. I want you to explode all over me." She shivered as she slipped one finger just inside herself, pushing deeper into her slit as she picked up the pace all around. Isaac's member was proving difficult for her to take very far into her mouth, but with the added pressure from Jacob's finger in his ass she knew it wouldn't be long.
The hiker wanted to see that, to see his roommate explode all over his beautiful woman, to accentuate her luscious curves with his cum. Letting go of her hair, Jacob grabbed the base of Isaac's shaft and started to tug. Ruby let go of his cock, moving both of her hands and her mouth to the bodybuilder so that all their efforts were focused on him.
Isaac pushed his hips back and forth, as deep as he Ruby would let him into her mouth and as hard against Jacob's finger as he dared. Three hands on his rod, Ruby's plump lips and skilled tongue stroking the head, Jacob's finger just finding that sweet spot in his ass that made his knees buckle, all this and the thrill of doing it all outside for anyone to see was enough to make Isaac start to shake.
Jacob had seen this enough times now; his knees quaking, his eyes rolling back, his lips trembling, unable to form anything coherent. Isaac groaned, almost a growl, as the hiker leaned forward to nibble his roommates neck, whispering, "Do it, cum, cum all over her tits," his finger pressing up into the bodybuilder to push him forward.
Ruby was silent; or rather, she wasn't saying anything, while the sound of her greedy lips and tongue was surprisingly loud. As she saw the same signs, she began swirling her tongue around the glistening head of Isaac's package, nodding slightly and stroking with a tight grip. One hand moved to his balls, cupping and massaging them to coax out her prize.
The bodybuilder froze, throwing his head back in a first silent moan before exploding with sound and cum, crying out in ecstasy to the afternoon sky. Jacob looked on in lust and admiration as Ruby pulled back, aiming his hose at her chest just in time for Isaac to shoot his load all over her. She moaned happily, still stroking with an intensity that would wipe out most in a matter of seconds.
It seemed to last minutes, the load milked out of Isaac seemingly endless. Ruby moaned for him to keep cumming, kept massaging his balls and stroking his heavy shaft, marveling at the pearl-white ropes contrasting against her dark, gleaming skin. Jacob almost giggled watching his roommate actually cumming on someone else; he so often finished on his own abs.
Jacob slowly pulled his finger out of his roommate, grabbing his ass and getting surprised with a forceful kiss from the man who moaned into his mouth. Ruby looked up from below, idly playing with the cum on her chest, swirling it around her nipples before raising a finger to her mouth to take a taste.
"Fuck," Isaac finally managed when he pulled back from his roommate. "That was..."
"Really hot," Jacob finished, smiling down at Ruby.
"I agree," she said, both hands sliding through the mixture of fluids on her breasts that dripped down to her abdomen. "But two of us ain't done yet, so..."
Still breathless, Isaac collapsed onto his lawn chair and cracked his neck. "Well, I've got a seat for you here, Ruby." She moved quickly, straddling his face and pressing her thighs together against his head. He wrapped his arms around her legs, grabbing two handfuls of her ass and digging his nails in as his greedy tongue began to explore.
Arching her back, Ruby beckoned Jacob over, guiding him to a kneeling position on the chair where he hovered over Isaac's tired member, his own still throbbing and stiff. Reaching forward with both hands, Ruby gripped Jacob and moved them slowly and expertly. One moved along his shaft, made easier by the oil and cum coating her hands, the other twisting lightly along his sensitive head.
Both made him shudder, unable to handle the full attention of Ruby's touch. Lowering himself a bit, Jacob found himself almost sitting on Isaac's package and decided to settle himself onto it so it nestled snugly between his cheeks. Moaning from between Ruby's thighs, the bodybuilder did nothing to stop his roommate from grinding against him.
Jacob had no intention of taking Isaac inside him today, although he'd desperately wanted to since their first day as roommates. It was something he'd need to build up to and prepare for, but for today just feeling the shaft slide against him was enough. Moving his hips against Isaac's meaty cock, Jacob took over all movement as Ruby held her hands in a position to be fucked.
He moved eagerly, looking down at the glistening tits of Ruby, Isaac's cock that still thrummed with the aftershocks of his orgasm. She began to shake, her legs quivering, her ass quaking with the pressure that built between her thighs. Isaac's tongue was making quick work of her as it slid along her clit, teasing her entrance before moving back up to her nub.
"Your roommate's gonna make me cum," she moaned, pressing her forehead against Jacob's. He smiled, breath coming in hard, sharp bursts. The hiker felt his own climax pushing to the surface, the rhythm of his hips building to a crescendo that built inside him.
"R-Ruby..." he gasped, one hand on hers to keep them still, one hand tangled in her hair as their faces pressed into a passionate kiss. Frozen in time for a moment, all three of them stiffened, muscles contracting before releasing with a wave of ecstasy that spread through them all.
Ruby pushed down on Isaac's face, her climax blooming out from between her legs, down her thighs, up her abdomen and across her breasts that still shimmered with oil and cum. Jacob sprayed her with more, still thrusting, his cum spraying wildly as he fucked her hands. It ended up all over the three of them, spattering across the chair, Isaac's six-pack, Ruby's hands and stomach, Jacob's thighs.
Even Isaac, his cock still pressed between his roommate's ass cheeks, pushed up against him as another orgasm overtook him, surprising them all as another rope shot out across his stomach and chest, going to far that it hit him in the chin and stuck to Ruby's pussy.
All gasping for breath, they slowly disentangled themselves from each other, sliding onto the grass and into each other's arms. Jacob and Ruby rested their heads on Isaac, his arms wrapped around them, all pressing their sweat and body oil and cum against each other as they pulled together for what was meant to be a kiss but ended in their tongues swirling together, all three of them locked together, moaning and grabbing each other.
Ruby was the first to stand, collecting her clothes, her purse, and finally her mostly-empty bottle of oil. "Thanks, boys," she purred, standing over the two of them to give them both an excellent look at her curves, her dripping wet pussy, and the mess they'd made of her tits and abs. "I needed that. Either of you ever see me sunbathing, you feel free to join me."
With a wink, she turned and walked back to the lodge, both men sitting up to watch her ass shake with each step until she vanished from their site. Wiping a bit of cum from the hiker, Isaac tasted it with a smile. "What'd I tell you? She's a wild one."
Grinning and breathless, Jacob planted a kiss on his roommate's cheek. "When you're right, you're right. I can't believe you finished twice."
"What can I say, roomie. You got a tight ass." He leaned in, his voice low and husky, making Jacob blush. "Can't wait to fuck it."