It was a quiet and boring night and Ana was getting sick and tired of waiting for someone to answer her silent mating call...so she decided to take matters into her own hands! She put a really hot porno into the DVD player and flopped down onto the couch to enjoy it. Within seconds she was wet and ready, as there was only so much cock and cum she could take before it affected her this way.
Ana reached down and found her moist centre. She slid one finger slowly into her wet cunt and explored her smooth pussy lips with it. Then she inserted that finger up into her pool of pussy juice and used some to make a trail of wetness around to her aching asshole. Once the entire area from pussy to ass was wet with her juices, she began to finger fuck herself as she watched two girls and one very well hung guy on the DVD.
The sight of a huge cock being shoved up one asshole and the guy with one tongue licking his smooth, wet ass and balls, turned Ana on like nothing else for she was a true ass woman and she loved ass play. But there was one other thing that she loved most of all....playing with cum...yes, she loved cum...loads and loads of hot, white, sticky, cum. She even loved the word "CUM"...loved to smell it and see it and taste it and play with it in her mouth and with her tongue...
Now the two girls were being sprayed with cum. Ana was feeling both turned on and very jealous. This was what she really wanted to be doing right now. Frustration was what she was feeling as she started nearing orgasm. One finger up her ass and the other hand working her clit, was bringing her close to cumming all by herself. But as she felt all of her muscles contracting in orgasm and watched one girl pouring cum into the other girl's mouth using her tongue as a spoon, all Ana felt was extreme frustration.
Right then and there, she decided to put one of her many creative ideas into action this very night. Ana had recently completed a short course in screen printing and had found the strict elderly woman who taught it, to be very annoying and controlling. The course was completed by everyone designing their own screen print and putting it onto a t-shirt. Ana had shamelessly created a t-shirt that said "CAN I SUCK YOUR COCK?" Needless to say, this created quite an array of mixed reactions from both male and female class mates and of course shocked, and almost institutionalized the poor teacher.
There had never been a suitable occasion for Ana to wear her cocky creation before and she thought it might be time to introduce her wicked work to the world. She thought instantly about an adult club she had heard about. This was a place where anything was allowed and women got to parade around and check out the male talent. This sounded perfect and the club was now open for the night till three in the morning. That should give her plenty of time to create some interesting experiences.
Ana pulled on a short black velvet skirt and slipped into her cock-teasing t-shirt, ran to the door, shaking her long wavy dark hair free and paused for a second to grab her bag and sexy velvet black heels, before bolting to the car. On her way to the club, she thought about the t-shirt and wondered if the writing was big enough to grab anyone's attention? The shirt was tight, black and the words were stretched across her firm, full tits in sparkling silver and gold print. Judging by the fact that men usually perved at her tits, especially when she wore a short skirt and high heels, she felt that there should be no problems with visibility.
Well, she had arrived and there was no line up to get into the door. Once she was let inside, she realized immediately that she needn't have worried about getting any reactions...she was getting plenty. Women were there with their men and they noticed her first. They looked Ana up and down with a mixture of admiration but also fear as they thought about their men and wished she had brought her own. Two women, who were there by themselves, saluted her with their drinks. A few single old men at the bar did the same. But Ana was looking for what turned her on.
She checked up on the two good looking young businessmen who were sitting at one of the booths talking and wondered about them. They wore jeans instead of their usual suit pants and still had on their working shirts and jackets. They were both giving her the eye but in a non-sleazy manner. Ana walked right over to them and said "Hi" while raising her left eyebrow questioningly. One of them asked her if she wanted an answer to her t-shirt and she told them "Yes" but only if that was going to be their answer. She looked at their left hands and noticed the dented fair lines from where they had removed their wedding rings for the night. Obviously they wanted to pretend that they were not married for one night and see if they could have some fun.
Ana was not one to disappoint anybody so she looked again at their gorgeous toned shoulders and chests and down further to their hard, muscled thighs and wondered what they would look like without their jeans on....then back to their eyes and said "Well??" They both reached down to unzip their jeans at the same time and each pulled out a beautiful hard cock for her perusal. Even with their large hands wrapped around their meat, there was enough length left to expose big purple heads and plenty more for Ana to play with....
She couldn't believe her luck with these two fine male specimens. They both looked really nice and respectable but obviously needed something they were not getting enough of. One of them got up and offered her his seat at the booth. She sat down and he sat on the table in front of her. Now Ana's mouth was at the perfect height to begin eating the tasty dish before her. Her nipples were hard and poking painfully through her t-shirt as she sat there staring at the huge cock, pointing straight at her. She was soaking wet already and dying to suck some cock. She looked up into the eyes staring intently down on her and read their message loud and clear....
Ana lowered her eyes and her mouth down onto the heavenly cock and kissed the end of it. Then she licked it and inhaled the accompanying scent, which she found to be different with every man. Deciding she liked the look, taste and smell of him, she began getting serious....sucking and licking along the entire length of his cock while playing with his smooth balls. They were starting to attract a bit of attention from other club goers and found that suddenly they were not alone anymore...
The other businessman, who had so far just been looking on with fascination, moved over to stand behind Ana and reach around so he could touch her tits. Ana growled as he found her aching hard nipples and began to massage them gently. Meanwhile she began to deep throat his friend's cock, drawing excited whispers from onlookers. Ana couldn't stop to look at who was watching the three of them, but she felt it was two to three middle aged couples who had seen a fair bit of action in their time.
Ana took the cock deep into her throat and each time she pulled it back out, she looked at it all shiny and wet and spat on it to make it even more so. Then she would slide her saliva covered hands all over the cock and deep throat it some more. To help make things easier for Ana and those watching, the man would grab all of her hair out of the way and sometimes use it to pull her willing face down harder on his cock in her mouth. Ana was loving every minute of the experience and was so turned on by other people watching her getting fucked in the mouth by a complete stranger.
As his excitement grew, the man behind her, massaging her nipples, began to get bolder and started pulling on them. When he heard Ana's sighs of ecstasy, he felt encouraged to twist as well as pull on her nipples, still through the material of the cock-tease t-shirt. Another man came over close to the three of them and kneeled down beside Ana. He reached under her black velvet skirt and groaned when he found she was not wearing any underwear. His expert fingers found her throbbing wet clit and he began slow, maddeningly slow circles around the edge of it.
Ana spread her legs wider open to give him better access to her entire smooth cunt. He was now able to make his circles bigger every now and then to include touching her swollen pussy lips as well. She could feel herself losing control from the hands working her nipples and the one in her pussy while she continued to suck the big cock in her mouth. Suddenly the cock started jerking with approaching orgasm and Ana delightedly pulled away so she could look at what was about to happen.
She told him how much she loved cum and instructed him to cum a bit in her mouth and then let some hit her in the face as well. He tried to do what she wanted but after he came in her mouth he got some in her hair and on her shirt. She didn't mind because this was what she wanted most of all and no matter where it landed, any cum was good cum and this was a load and a half of good cum. She had more than enough to play with, and play she did.
The man kneeling beside her got up to watch her play with cum. Ana opened her mouth to show the men a pool of cum in her tongue and seeing their gazes fixed intently on her mouth, she began entertaining the crowd. The cock that had provided her with cum was now not as big and stiff anymore but his friend still had his contribution to make. He came around to stand in front of Ana and showed her his outstanding member, dripping with pre-cum. Ana longed to lean forward and lick the drops off the end of his cock but she already had her mouth full of cum and she didn't want to waste one single drop of the real thing.
Turning to face him, Ana took a hold of his cock with one hand and began to empty her load of cum from her tongue, to his shaft, making a long line of cum and saliva all the way to the base. At first he looked shocked at what she had done and stole a sideways glance at his friend to see how he reacted to his cum on another man's cock. His friend was just staring, as if hypnotized by the sight. Then Ana licked the cum back up again with one swoop of her tongue in an upwards motion, till she once again had a mouth full of cum. One or two of the men watching pulled their cocks out now.
Ana crossed her arms under her tits and took hold of her t-shirt, yanking it up and over her head in one swift movement. Her tits sprang free and now a few more men in the club came over to look at the action. Ana took hold of the cock again and let only a bit of cum drip out of her mouth and onto the end of the cock head. Once the end was wet she used it to rub cum all over her tits and teased the cock with her hard, wet nipples. The man groaned and took hold of Ana's shoulders roughly. She loved his firm, hard handling of her and his nails digging into her sensitive skin. She loved the thought that minutes earlier those same hands had been doing what his cock was now doing to her nipples.
He now pumped his cock in between her tits as she held them together for him, dribbling cum from her mouth every now and then. Cum was running down her chin and neck and spilling onto her tits and the cock between them. His friend was still mesmerized by seeing his cum in so many different places all at once. He held Ana's hair for her so she could play with cock and cum and all could get a good view of the action. Some men were stroking their cocks while they watched with fascination and their female partners took mental notes on what they were going to do for their men next time they wanted a blowjob with variety....
The cock between Ana's tits began a familiar twitching and it's owner stiffened ready to explode his load of cum. But Ana told him to cum on the table in front of her. He did this easily for her and she felt as though she would explode as well with sheer pleasure at the sight. Cum came spewing onto the table virtually under her nose and the smell was so powerful that she could taste it in her mouth...or was that his friend's cum she could taste? She wasn't sure but she loved it, of that she was very sure. After he had cum on the table she licked his cock clean for him with gentle little loving licks of her tongue. Ana rubbed the remaining cum on her tits all over, paying special attention to her nipples and the area around them. The men did not know where to look.
The sight before them was so multi-leveled....a wild, wanton cum slut of a woman with her tits hanging out, covered in hot slippery cum with her legs spread open, exposing her soaked, smoothly shaved cunt and a table beside her with a large pool of fresh cum....They wondered what she was going to do next. Ana did not make them wait long for her next move. She leaned forward and began to lick cum off the table and dribble it back again. A woman standing close by came forward. She had her tits exposed and was playing with her nipples as she watched what Ana was doing. She stepped forward and asked if she could have some cum on her tits. Her man seemed so surprised that he momentarily stopped fisting himself in shock at her request.
Ana was pleasantly surprised at the lady's request but there was more than enough cum to go around so she waved her closer and lapped up a tongue-full of cum off the table and deposited it onto the woman's lovely large firm tits. All the men were enjoying this scene and there was not one man in the club without a hand on their cock. The woman was rubbing the cum all over her tits as Ana gave her another tongue-full of cum, this time pausing to gently lick one of her nipples before moving back to the table for more. Things were getting more and more interesting by the second.
The third time Ana dripped cum onto the woman's tits with her tongue, she stayed even longer, licking her other nipple and this time wrapping her mouth around it and sucking hard and long. The woman gasped and smiled with pleasure at Ana sucking her nipple. She reached out to rub one of Ana's nipples between thumb and fingers. Ana loved this and moaned out loud. Because the two women were temporarily distracted with one another, two men moved over and got on their knees either side of Ana. Word from the man who had fingered her earlier, had worked it's way around the men about how soft and smooth Ana was under her short skirt. Both men ran hands up her shapely sexy legs till they found out for themselves.
Now Ana was rubbing cum all over the other woman's tits and playing with her nipples while the woman did the same to her. Two men were down on their knees with both hands up Ana's skirt and every man in the club was jerking off while watching. The two pole dancers had given up their entertaining routines for the night and were also taking the time to look. So far all had gone well and Ana was enjoying herself more than she had in a long time. She had cum all over her but she knew she wanted more. She would do anything for cum and unthinkingly, she said this out loud. This earned her the interest of two young men who had just arrived on the scene and were ready for some action of their own.
They were both in top shape, obviously worked out and had on black leather motorbike jackets, blue jeans and tight white t-shirts. They came up close to Ana and looked her up and down. They looked like they belonged to the bondage section of the club and should have been brandishing leather whips and handcuffs...Ana knew a small moment of fear as she held her head up high to look them in the eyes. They did not look evil....but they were definitely into domination and role-playing....that much was clear. Ana wondered if she was safe but was also suddenly even more turned on in anticipation.
"So you would do anything for cum?" One of them asked her.
"Yes, what did you have in mind?" Ana replied, with more confidence than she felt.
"ANYTHING??? He repeated. "Will you work for cum? Will you work hard for cum? Will you do as we say for cum?"
Ana had to give them an answer and rise to their challenge because, now that the words were out of her mouth, she could not take them back again. She looked them straight in the eyes and nodded her head obediently. "Yes, I will do ANYTHING for cum."
The two men looked at each other and almost smiled but their expressions remained unreadable. They looked at the table with quite a bit of cum still on it. They looked at Ana and her cum-covered tits. They glanced at the other woman, also with cum all over her tits and then back at Ana and down her legs, all the way down to her high heeled black velvet shoes. Then they looked back at one another and as though in some silent code of agreement, they simultaneously shook their jackets off and dropped them onto another table. Then they both walked over to Ana and, hooking a finger into either side of the waist of her skirt, tugged it down her legs, exposing her ass and pussy for all to see. Ana was now completely naked in a club full of men.
Ana did not flinch and tried to remember to breathe. She was a born entertainer and a self-confessed exhibitionist so, although she was nervous and excited, she acted as if she was enjoying herself...and this was not really far from the truth. Her heart began to beat like a million jack hammers when the two men lifted her effortlessly up and sat her on the table, right on top of the pool of cum. Ana almost came when she felt the cold table and cum up against her overheated pussy and ass! She could feel the sticky cum squishing over her smooth lips and inside her cunt, covering her sensitive clit. She quickly stole a glance at the two businessmen to see their reaction. As she expected, they were staring, but also looked ready to spring to her defense if needed.
As Ana straightened her back and lifted her head up in silent answer to their challenge, her clit pulsed with the movement and the sensation nearly made her faint. The two men sensed this and they grabbed her roughly and lifted her back off the table to stand in front of it with her back to the crowd. She had only one second to contemplate their next move before they bent her over the table and held her chest down, leaving her ass bare and high in the air, dripping with cum. Now she was helpless and about to get her wish for more.....
The two men each spat on one of their fingers and inserted one into her pussy and the other up her asshole. All the cum from the table was making it easy for the men to slide their long fingers in and out of her fuck-holes. With one hand, each rested on one of her shoulders and finger-fucked her with the other....Ana was glad nobody could see her flushed face. Every now and then one of the men would ask the crowd around the booth if they thought Ana had earned more cum yet? Every time they said she needed to work harder or beg for it. It was as if she was just a piece of ass without a voice or a mind now. Some perverted part of Ana was enjoying this new feeling of giving up total control.
Ana was so close to having an orgasm now that she was pushing back against the fingers in her cunt and ass. She could take the finger up her asshole but the one inside her pussy was flicking other fingers over her incredibly sensitive clit and that was threatening to take her over the edge. As if reading her mind, both men pulled their fingers out of her suddenly and she shivered with surprise. They informed everyone that this cum slut was not going to get to cum until she had earned the right and every man in the club had cum at least once. The men walked around to Ana's head and told her to suck their fingers clean. She could smell her pussy juice and her ass on the fingers and greedily, she licked and sucked till they were clean.
Ana shivered again and began to wonder what was going to happen next. The two men moved back behind her and started taking the rest of their clothes off. She wished she could be watching that! Then she felt two very hard, large cocks rub up against her ass and she suddenly stopped breathing....Then the two men came around to her head and told her to look at their cocks. They told her to decide which cock she wanted to deep throat and which one she wanted to be fucked up the ass with. Ana didn't need to think long about that. The one cock was elegant and long, therefore, the obvious choice to deep throat. The other one was long and very thick with a huge mushroom head on the end of it. That was the cock she had always dreamed about being fucked up the ass with. She told them her decision.
The next thing she knew, Ana had the long, elegant cock in front of her as his owner climbed onto the table and spread his legs open wide. He grabbed her hair and told her to suck on it if she wanted to get more cum and eventually earn the right to cum herself. Ana did as she was told and heard the other man ask for two volunteers to sit on either side of the table so they could pull Ana's nipples with one hand and help spread her ass cheeks with their other hand. She was glad when the two businessmen jumped in to help.
The other man with the huge cock stood behind her and smacked her ass with his stiff meat. Ana would have cried out in shock at this unexpected discipline but she had her mouth full of cock and she realized that this was just the beginning....Now the man was asking someone to 'clean' her cum-covered ass. She wondered how they were going to do that. She was surprised to hear the woman who had shared cum with her, offer to lick her ass clean. Ana had never been licked by a woman before and this was a new experience for her. The woman's tongue felt hot and wet on her now cool skin. She had a very long and strong tongue which reached all the way around to her pussy as well. The woman was instructed to lick up into Ana's asshole till it was good and clean.
The show was looking good for all the onlookers in the club. Here was this woman, spread out naked on a table with her ass on display. She was sucking a good looking naked man's long cock and enjoying it with a man either side of her, playing with her tits and ass cheeks while another woman was licking her ass and tongue-fucking her asshole. Another spectacular naked man was standing behind her with his huge stiff cock in his hand, ready for action. Everyone knew what was going to happen next....or did they?
The other naked man standing behind Ana, turned and asked if there was any man who had another way of cleaning Ana's ass before he fucked her asshole? The woman took her tongue out of Ana's ass and looked at her husband questioningly. He grinned at her and asked for a couple of towels. Someone brought over some clean towels and he took them over to place around Ana's feet, taking off her black velvet shoes as he went. Then there was the sound of jeans falling to the floor and a spray of hot liquid splashed onto Ana's ass, running down over her asshole and further down over her sticky cunt before running down the inside of her thighs and all the way down her legs to the floor. Ana knew that she had just been pissed on by a man and washed with pee.
The feeling was really quite wonderful and so different to the feeling of cum. It was hotter and made her feel like peeing herself so she decided that she would not be embarrassed if she did accidentally pee herself. The man hit her ass with his cock again and she jumped while the other man pissed on her some more. Then suddenly a huge cock head was invading her pussy. Slowly it pushed into her wet, velvet pussy until it was in all the way to his balls. Ana was now in heaven. There was no greater feeling on earth than having one cock deep in her throat and another embedded in her pussy. There was only one feeling even better than that....
The cock suddenly pulled out incredibly fast making Ana's insides react by clenching wildly. Ana was so distracted by the cock in her mouth and the pressure on her nipples, that she did accidentally release some fluids from her pussy. She was not sure if it was pee or just pussy juice but she had no time to think about it. The cock was being slowly pushed inside her again....slowly all the way in and then violently withdrawn again. Ana wondered if she could take any more of this as her juices flowed freely again.
Now the man started fucking her pussy really fast, but taking care not to hurt her by slamming it home too hard. After a while he stopped but stayed inside her while asking if anyone thought she deserved any cum yet? One man said he had plenty ready for her if she wanted it. Ana knew where she wanted the man's cum right now and someone was reading her mind because, the thought just came into her head and straight away, one of her biggest fantasies was cumming true. Lovely warm, thick cum was landing on Ana's ass and running into her asshole. There she was with a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy and cum on and in her ass while her ass cheeks were still being pulled apart by the two businessmen. Her nipples were aching from the torture of the other two hands. There was just one more thing she wanted.
Once again, her mind was read....The big cock pumped her pussy some more and then pulled out slowly. Only to be pushed into her tight, cum covered asshole. Ana almost exploded with the pleasure she was feeling at that moment. Cum was such a good lubricant and she had always fantasized about a man cumming on her ass and then fucking it. This cock was so big that it felt like she was being torn in two. He was taking it nice and slow though so the pain was bearable. Once all the way inside her ass, he stayed there for a long while just talking to her about how nice and tight her ass felt around his big, throbbing cock. Ana was so excited that her head bobbed up and down even more rapidly on the cock in her mouth.
Then the big fat cock in her ass began to slowly move back out again. It slid all the way out of her ass and then just the enormous head of it forced it's way back inside. With maddeningly slow speed, it just popped in and out of her ass making her want to scream out loud in agony and ecstasy. This was way beyond anything Ana had ever imagined. Never had she experienced an invasion of this extreme size in her asshole. The cock head was still slowly popping in and out of her tight back fuck-hole and she loved every tiny thrust, imagining what it must look like for all of those people behind her. She wished she could see the sight of it herself.
Now the thrusts were getting a bit harder and faster, going deeper each time to test how much further it could go in. Ana was feeling herself being pushed over the edge quite rapidly as everything was starting to overpower her senses. She couldn't think at all and breathing was becoming harder and harder to do. She could not properly suck, let alone deep throat the cock in her mouth anymore. It could have been the place or all the people watching her getting her ass fucked or the stimulation on her nipples....but it was all nearly too much for her to comprehend. The sensations were building inside her as the thrusting cock in her ass became harder and faster and felt as if it was growing bigger and bigger.
Suddenly, the thrusts slowed down again and the cock pulled out of her ass. It was so unexpected and sudden that Ana's juices came squirting out of her pussy. Seeing this, the man quickly held his cock under her pussy and let her juice run over it. Then he immediately thrust back into her asshole and fucked her with several hard thrusts. This was such a turn on for Ana and also for the men who were watching. When he suddenly withdrew his cock from her ass again, the same thing happened. He held his cock under her pussy to get as much of her liquid as he could and he groaned out loud as he enjoyed the feeling of Ana's golden juice squirting on his cock and hand.
Several of the men were almost ready to cum and they moved closer to Ana to see if they could cum on her ass. When they got the nod from the two men, they shot load after load of thick white cum all over Ana's ass and watched the big cock up close as it forced it's way back inside Ana's now well-fucked asshole. Ana felt so hot and excited that she was almost ready to faint but this was too good to miss and she held on to stick the wild ride out till the end. Men were still shooting loads of cum onto Ana's ass and the huge cock continued to forcefully fuck her up the ass. Every now and then the cock would suddenly pull out and get washed by her juices, then it would plow straight back inside her now gaping back fuck-hole.
Finally the cock stopped pumping her ass and was slowly pulled out of her. The owner of the cock asked her if she thought she finally deserved some more cum. The other man pulled Ana up off his cock by her hair so she could answer and when she was able to, she said "yes." He asked her where she wanted his cum and she told him to cum on her ass. The other man released her and got off the table to watch his friend cum on her ass. He looked at Ana's cum covered ass and his cock jumped with excitement. He moved closer and placed the tip of his long, elegant cock at the entrance of her asshole and pushed gently inside. Then he began to fuck her up the ass as well while his friend stroked his own cock and watched. Suddenly, Ana felt cum shoot onto her ass, while she was still being pumped by the cock in her back tunnel.
After he had cum on her ass, he began to use all of his fingers inside her pussy to rub her clit while she was still being anally fucked. Ana knew she would cum any second now and cried out when an earth shattering orgasm shook her body. She felt wave after wave of sensation gripping her and making her violently shake from top to toe. She wanted to beg them to stop but held back from any weak admissions as she knew they could use that against her. She gritted her teeth until she felt the cock in her asshole start a strong, pulsing orgasm and then she heard moans and groans from the men and a few of the woman and knew that there were multiple orgasms happening right now in Club Cum.
The two men came over and leant close to Ana's ears. They asked her if she had had enough cum for tonight and without hesitation she said "No way!!"
"Do you mean you want MORE CUM??" Both men were totally astonished by her conviction and were finally coming to realize just how much of a dirty cum-slut Ana really was. They found it hard to believe she could really crave this much cum. The one with the deep throat cock told her that if she really wanted more cum, she would need to have at least two orgasms in a row. Ana was not sure she could do that but agreed to their terms anyway. They were starting to believe that she really would do ANYTHING for cum!
Two strong arms pulled Ana up off the table but she almost fell down when they put her on her feet. Four strong arms rushed to steady her and then there was a blur of voices as the men all discussed what they were going to do with her next. Then they were laying her back onto the table but this time she was face up and lying on her back. She almost groaned when she felt her legs being lifted up into the air and pulled back to bring her knees down onto her chest. Now Ana was being held down again by strong hands and her soaking wet pussy was open and on display. She heard one of her tormentors ask who will take the challenge first to bring this starving, sexy, slut to orgasm so she could earn more cum.
The two businessmen quickly offered to suck on one nipple each and they moved in to claim their piece of her. The woman who had played with cum and licked Ana clean earlier, said she would like to work on her pussy with her tongue....Another man offered to finger-fuck her pussy and ass at the same time. Now Ana was feeling so many mixed emotions all at once. She loved the fact that she had four different people pleasuring her at once but she felt even more exposed now than she had earlier. She wondered if she would be able to cum two times in a row or even once now after she had only just had a really powerful orgasm.
The woman's tongue on her clit was driving Ana close to another orgasm already, as were the two long fingers in her pussy and asshole. Ana closed her eyes and let the heavenly sensations of fingers brushing lightly over her wet nipples and then being replaced by hot, hungry tongues, wash over her and take her away...She moaned and gasped when the woman sucked on her large, swollen clit. She tried to move her hips but found the pressure of hands holding her down, too much to fight against. Slowly Ana could feel herself nearing another orgasm. When the shock waves took control of her body, she cried out in pleasure and one of the businessmen bent their head down to kiss her passionately on the mouth. This stopped her crying out but only muffled the sounds of her moans and groans.
"Good, now who wants to give this lady some more cum?" One of the men asked the crowd. Two men came up and held their cocks over Ana's pussy and splashed their cum all over it and some on her stomach and tits. Ana kept on kissing the lips covering hers with total enjoyment, reveling in the feeling of her tongue dancing with another. Now there was cum all over her pussy, running around to her ass and dripping down her neck from her tits. She loved every second of the experience and felt more relaxed than she had in a very long time. Frustration seemed something she could not remember ever having felt before. Four hands began rubbing the cum all over her stomach and tits and around her neck and someone was licking her ass with their tongue and sliding it in and out of her asshole.
"Right, now this cum slut needs to have another orgasm for more cum." The voice of one of the men spoke with authority and Ana braced herself for another onslaught of fingers and tongues....only to almost scream in shock when a huge cock began sliding into her asshole again. Her hands grabbed at the two businessmen's arms and her grip was so tight that they wrestled with her to loosen her grip. The big cock was now all the way up her ass and she began to relax. The two businessmen thought she needed distracting so they pulled their jeans off and rose up from their seats to offer Ana their cocks to suck. She was so grateful for the distraction and the cocks were so hard and beautiful...she began to suck one and stroke the other, her movements becoming desperate as the cock started moving in and out of her ass.
Someone was pinching her swollen pussy lips at the same time and pulling them apart. Now the cock was pumping hard in her ass while she sucked and stroked the two cocks. Her pussy was being stretched and now a tongue started flicking over her engorged clit....but the second two hands squeezed her nipples, Ana came with such force that she almost bit the end off the cock in her mouth! Men were crowded in and around to watch her very exposed clit jumping as her orgasm raged out of control. Ana couldn't believe she had just had two amazing orgasms in a row after that first earth shattering one earlier and she knew that there was no stopping her now.
Ana was then pulled off the table by many strong hands and placed in a kneeling position on the floor. Men gathered around her in a circle with their cocks out and held ready to give her more cum. She couldn't count how many cocks she was surrounded by but there must have been ten or more and they all looked big and ready to burst! Someone said "Go!" and the last thing Ana saw before she closed her eyes was cum....so much cum.....flying through the air at her from so many different cocks all at once. When she closed her eyes she felt warm cum splash on her face and her hair and on her back and her tits....everywhere on her body...all over her...covering her and satisfying her deepest needs...her deepest desires....
Her mouth opened to receive as much cum as she could get. Ana loved the feeling of cum covering her entire body and landing in her mouth. She loved the sound of the men as they all came, wild, animal-like sounds of grunts and groans as they excitedly watched their cum landing all over her and into her mouth. Ana knew that some of the wild sounds she could hear came from her, as she lost control and licked cum off her tits and arms and fingers. She stuck her cum-soaked fingers into her mouth and sucked them while moaning like someone starving and finally getting their first real meal.
This was what Ana had dreamed about and wished for and fantasized about for so long now. She could hardly believe that it was really happening to her. Here she was in a club, completely naked and surrounded by men who were enjoying the sight of her covered in their cum and obviously loving every second of it! There was cum in her hair, so much cum, as that was where a lot of it had gathered up. She could hardly open her eyes because there was so much cum in them and dripping from her eyebrows....cum kept dripping from her hair onto her tits before being licked back off again by her hungry mouth.
Ana licked her lips totally satisfied and wiped cum off her eyes so she could look at the men who had given her the ultimate experience of their cum. None of them could speak as all were just mesmerized by so much cum all at once and amazed at how she was enjoying herself with their cum. They had also never been part of such a truly overwhelming experience before and could not help but just stare at Ana with their hands still holding their cocks. When Ana finally found her voice she looked at each of the men around her and thanked them for their cum. She thanked everyone who had fucked her up the ass and let her suck their cock and then she surprised herself by asking them all if they would mind washing her down with pee.
Not one of them hesitated. All pointed their cocks at her, moving in close and pissed on her. Ana couldn't believe how wonderful it felt to be pissed on by about a dozen cocks all at once. It was a heavenly sensation and one she knew she would never forget! As their golden liquid landed on her, she rubbed her hands all over her body, using her hands to wash cum off her tits and down, spreading her legs and letting it land in her pussy so she could rub it too. The sight was spectacular! Never before had such an event taken place in this club.
Ana felt like a goddess and a dirty ass-fucked cum-slut all at once and she knew that this memory would stay with her till the end of time. She had experienced so many firsts all in the same night and it was hard to keep all of it together in her mind. She knew she had been fucked up the ass and pussy. She had been licked by a woman who had also tongue-fucked her ass and rubbed cum all over her tits. She had felt so much cum...enough to fill a bucket or several and she had played with cum...lots of cum. She had felt cum on her ass and been fucked up the ass using cum as lube. She had also been washed with pee and had peed on a cock, which then fucked her ass again and again.....and all in front of strangers. Many men and some women had all watched her pee and get pissed on and get fucked up the ass with cum.
It was all due to her passion and perverse need for cum...and that t-shirt. And it would never have happened..... if not for Club Cum.