The next morning we woke up to a slight hangover, tangled in each other's arms. The night before had been amazing, we had stopped long enough to order room service and then went back to making out and eventually making love. I call it making love because it was slow and caring. We didn't rush anything and spent hours giving each other pleasure. I was completely spent when we curled up in each others arms in the early hours of the morning.
While getting up and out of bed was rough, seeing the sunlight coming into the windows and the sunrise bouncing off the Ocean made me feel a little better.
As I was looking out at the sunrise, I felt Joan come up beside me and wrap her arm around my waist. I put my arm around her to pull her into me. As I glanced over, there was the most beautiful woman I've ever met. She was completely naked and her hair completely messed up, Joan exuded a sexuality I had never seen before.
"Good morning. You look ravishing." I said bending down to kiss her gently.
She smiled at me. "Good morning Dave. I always knew you were blind."
After a few minutes, Joan pulled away to head back inside, but reached out for my hand. "Come on, let's take a shower."
I would have followed this amazing woman anywhere. As we stood under the water, letting it refresh us, we just held each other.
Joan finally broke the silence. "Any regrets?" I knew she was referring to her dressing in a small thong bikini and allowing Chad and Jim to rub all over her body including her topless breasts under the excuse of adding suntan lotion. I think she was really making sure I wasn't haven't second thoughts.
"No regrets whatsoever." I said encouragingly and pulled her closer to me. "I love you and yesterday was amazing."
"Well, that maybe all you get. I was a little unsure afterwards. I didn't want to do something to wreck our relationship."
"Nothing could wreck our marriage. We are just enjoying ourselves and I love how open you've been to trying new things."
She took her head off of my chest and looked up at me. "Really?" She asked.
"Absolutely. I thought it was so hot seeing you get rubbed on and turned on by another man." I looked straight in her eyes, "I would be fine if you did it again.........or even wanted to go further."
My words trailed off while Joan searched my eyes. "Really? You would want me to go further?" Her words were slow to come out and she was really gauging the situation. She was looking to see if I was for real.
"I want you to go as far as you want to. I love you and nothing makes me hotter than to see you satisfied. So I guess the balls in your court so to speak. If you want to do more, I'm all for it. If you don't want to do anything else, then we will just have an amazing trip for just the two of us."
She smiled up at me. "Well, I always do like to get you excited. And leave it to you to make sure I'm always satisfied."
We finished up in the shower and got ready. I wore a button up shirt and shorts while Joan would a beautiful sun dress. It was white with little flowers on it. It had too small straps holding it up and it made her look like an angel. She slid on a white thong underneath but chose to go without a bra. One great thing about Joan was that her breasts were perky enough to hold themselves up without support.
Anther benefit of this dress it was if she got between you and the light, the dress went almost translucent and you could make out her body and all of it's curves beneath.
We went to the restaurant and got breakfast. It was nice to just sit and talk. To laugh and reconnect in ways we can't in our normal life because we are so busy. After breakfast we did a little shopping in the resort shops and Joan bought a couple of nice coverups and a new green bikini. It wasn't as revealing as her black thong, but it certainly left little to the imagination. I started to grow in my pants while I watched her try it on.
She twirled around modeling it for me in the dressing area. "What do you think?" She asked.
"It looks great." I said as I stared at her body.
"Do you think Chad and Jim will like it?" She said with a teasing smile.
"I think they would be dumb not to enjoy it."
Joan just giggled and went back to change. I really think she was getting into showing off for other men. Plus she didn't have any guilt doing it, knowing how horny it made me. When she finally came out of the dressing room she was still wearing the bikini but had added a cover up wrap. The shear material kept it a little modest, but if you looked hard you could make out the cheeky bottoms with her ass cheeks bouncing as she walked.
"I thought you were changing" I said with a grin.
She looked straight at me with a sly smile, "I figured we were heading to the pool so I would just wear this. Now let's go get you changed." She said and took my hand.
I smiled back and held her hand in my right and her bags in the left hand and we walked back to our room.
As I changed, Joan looked at her self in the mirror. She had dropped her cover up and was moving back and forth looking at her bikini in the mirror. I noticed she put her hands inside the bottoms slightly and pulled them up a little bit. Just enough to expose a little more of her beautiful cheeks without it turning into a full blown thong.
I was just standing in the bedroom looking at her, a partial tent forming in my pants.
She looked my way and saw me watching her. She had a devilish grin on her face. "What? I want to look my best." She said with a little sly grin.
"You always look breathtaking." as I continued my lustful look.
"Awe....that's sweet. Come on, let's go to the pool." She grabbed her bag and tossed it at me while she put her coverup back on. And with that I escorted her out of the room.
When we started down the path she stopped at the fork. On the left, was the party pool. The one where she went topless and allowed Chad and Jim to rub all over her. To the right was the subdued pool. With couples just relaxing and reading, keeping their distance from each other.
She turned to me. "Which one do you want to go to?" She looked hesitant.
"I'll follow you anywhere." I said taking in her beauty and looking into her eyes.
"You know Dave, if we go to the left, I can't promise nothing else won't happen."
I squeezed her hand in mine. "Like I told you, I want you to be satisfied and happy. If we go back to the pool from yesterday and you decide to do something, I'm happy. In fact I would be very happy. and encourage it. But if you want it to be me and you only, I'm happy with that as well. I'm happy as long as I have you."
Joan smiled broadly and then hugged me. Then she took my hand and we went to the left.
As we got close you could hear the music. There were a lot more people out today. Several ladies were around the pool. Some fully clothed in a bikini and some were laying topless. Lots of people were in the pool and around the swim up bar.
I looked around and noticed Chad and Jim sitting in chairs talking and drinking. Becky and Cindy were laying beside the two of them in loungers. Both of them were topless and idly chatting. Becky looked over and saw us. She waved at us and Joan just smiled, dropping my hand and bouncing quickly towards the group.
Becky got everyone's attention when she said. "Good afternoon you two. We saved you chairs but didn't know if you were coming. We were afraid we scared you off." That brought a laugh from everyone.
"Not at all, we just had to do a little shopping." Joan said as she took off her cover up and put it on the chair. "Do you like it?" she said as she twirled.
Becky and Cindy both verbally approved of the swimsuit while Chad and Jim whistled. This had Joan laughing, she did one last twirl and then a bow to be funny. She sat down and faced the women. "So what have we missed?"
"Absolutely nothing, we were just drinking and relaxing." Becky said.
"Great. But it looks like you girls are way ahead of me." With that Joan slipped into the water and headed over to the swim up bar.
I sat our stuff down and took a chair at the table with Chad and Jim. They both shook my hand as I sat and we started small talk.
When Joan came back she had two colored drinks in one hand and a beer in the other. She walked up and handed me the beer. She sat down one of her colored drinks on the table while she stood facing all of us. Then she downed the one in her hand almost like a shot. We all just stood and watched her swallow it all.
Then she sat the empty glass down, picking up her other one in the process. Joan then turned her back to me, facing Chad and Jim. "Dave honey, can you grab my straps? I need to catch up with the ladies." I just smiled and pulled her strings free. Her top dropped off into her empty hand as both Jim and Chad got an eyeful. She turned toward me with a smirk on her face. She winked at me and handed me her top to sit on the back of a chair to dry.
Then Joan walked to her lounger that Becky had saved. She sat her drink on the end table, laid back and then said, "That's better, now we are all caught up."
Jim and Chad both applauded while the girls laughed.
We all sat around just discussing the idle things you talk about on vacation. Everyone had another drink or two then we all ate some appetizers. Joan seemed comfortable topless and was even blushing a little when she noticed a few men taking the long way to the bar and back to their seats to join their wives so they could get a closer look at the three ladies breasts. Joan was certainly enjoying the attention.
After lunch they announced that there was going to be a water volleyball game. The girls mentioned it would be fun so we were all in the water in an instant. It turned out to be the six of us against another six people. Two staff members joined us to lead the event and one took each side of the net. The staff member Augi that was on our side really enjoyed being in between all three of our ladies. The water was up to their waists so their breasts jiggled and bounced as we all got into position.
The people on the other side consisted of four men and a couple of wives. Both were dressed a little more conservatively in two piece bikinis. You could tell they kept glancing at their husbands to give them unapproving looks when they stared to look at our wive's chests.
As the game progressed, there was lots of diving into the water to grab the ball by the men, however, the of bouncing up and down by the ladies ended up distracting the other men to give us an advantage. Even the other two women got into it and bounced to jiggle as much as they could with the tops on.
It turned out to be a really fun time. By the time it was over no one knew the score. We just had fun. Jim, Chad and myself went back to our seats while the ladies went to the swim up bar. It didn't take long before they each had a seat and there were men around them chatting them up. I kept glancing over as men found any excuse to talk directly to Joan or the others. Obviously they were taking the opportunity to take in the scenery behind dark sun glasses.
"Don't worry" Jim said, "Cindy will make sure nothing happens that Joan doesn't want. This isn't Cindy's first rodeo."
"That's the truth," Chad said. "Cindy likes to tease but won't let anyone take advantage.......not unless Joan wants it." They both chuckled.
"So how long have you all known each other?" I asked.
Jim answered, "Oh we've known each other several years. We always try to go on vacation at least once a year to have fun and let our hair down."
"So are the girls always so friendly?" I asked, really not knowing how to start the conversation.
Chad spoke up. "Well, we are all grown ups. We all have fun with each other and sometimes new friends, but as long as everyone had a great time and nothing is forced, no harm, no foul in our opinion."
That was great to hear. I just nodded and looked back toward the swim up bar. There was a guy that had caught Joan's attention. Becky and Cindy were both chatting up a few guys and laughing, but Joan was fully focused on this one guy. He had her whole attention. He stood around 6' tall and had a well developed chest. The water lapped at his abs as he stood there. He had a thin beard and had his hair brushed back into a nice business like haircut. His body was tan and the water shimmered on his shoulders.
I went back to my conversation with Chad and Jim and then a few minutes later I heard Chad interrupt and nod toward the pool. "You might want to look that way. Joan keeps looking up here."
As I looked back at her, she had twisted sideways on her stool and was facing away from the bar. Her legs were under the water but spread apart allowing the stranger to be close to her, almost on top of her. She looked up at me with an unsure look.
I just grinned and tipped my drink at her while I nodded up and down.
A sly smile went across her face and she winked at me. Then she focused back on the stranger, leaned in and said something in his ear. Whatever she said caused him to straighten up, giving her his whole focus and smile. He glanced in my direction for a brief moment and then he leaned into her and started kissing her. She absently put her drink on the bar without breaking the kissing. They were gentle at first and then she wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him in. He put his arms under the water, I'm assuming around her lower back and pulled her almost off her stool and to him. Her breasts were pressed against his chest and then she moved her hands up to rub his hair. The kissing continued for a few minutes and was as passionate as I've ever seen Joan be in public.
I was glad that I was sitting at a table because my shorts were making a noticeable tent under the table.
Joan and her new friend pulled back from their kissing. Laughing a little and Joan still kept played in his hair while they talked. She looked up to me to see if I had any doubts. I just grinned at her and once again nodded. She took that as approval and went back to focusing solely on her friend.
They turned and faced the bar as they ordered another drink. Joan had rotated on her stool, but the man was now beside her, hip to hip. He had his hand on her lower back. Joan had moved her hand and was absently tracing his back with her finger. This wasn't passionate and fast, this was slow and flirting to let him know she was interested. And I just sat there with a hard on while I watched and soaked it all in.
Becky and Cindy both came out of the water with a round of drinks. Becky brought an extra for me and handed it to me as they bounced around the table acting like waitresses. They both sat at the table with us as we sipped our beers while the ladies had colorful drinks.
"Looks like Joan made a friend." Becky said with a slight grin.
"I saw that. Somehow she's always been able to make friends easily." I said with a slight laugh.
"Well with those perky breasts on display I can certainly see why." Cindy said and everyone laughed.
About ten minutes later Joan started our way with a drink in each hand. Her friend was walking with her and still had his hand on the small of her back.
When they got to the table Joan was still standing there with him standing side by side, his hand was still on her back when she introduced him. "Hey everyone, this is Eric. He's here for a couple of days on vacation between meetings. Eric this is Jim and Cindy, and Chad and Becky." Then she turned toward me, "And this is my husband Dave."
The whole group waiting to see what would happen next. Eric took his hand off of Joan's back and reached it out to me. I leaned up and shook it. "Nice to meet you Eric I said."
"Nice to meet you as well Dave, Joan has told me a lot about you. She's a fantastic person." Eric stated. Then as we stopped shaking hands, he reached back around and put his hand back on the small of her back as we continued to talk. The way he did it spoke volumes. From their conversations and kissing in the pool he seemed very confident, almost as if he was free to do whatever he wanted with my wife.
"She is definitely an amazing woman." I said.
Joan blushed, "you two stop, I'm getting embarrassed"
We all laughed and then Joan said, "I'm gonna lay out for a while, Eric can you help me with some sun tan lotion?" She was looking right at me when she said it.
Eric didn't hesitate and just nodded and grinned. I reached in the bag and handed Eric the bottle of suntan lotion. As he stood there holding the bottle. He glanced at Joan and then back at me to make sure that I was okay with it. When I didn't object, he followed her to her chair. She layed out on her back with her breasts up on display and closed her eyes waiting on Eric's hands.
He grinned and poured some lotion in his hands. He started rubbing her legs slowly, almost massaging them. She just leaned back and left her eyes closed.
The group at the table kept talking, but everyone watched Eric and Joan. Eric rubbed up each thigh and as he rubbed in her inside thighs his hands lightly bumped her pussy slightly. Joan let out a slight moan. This brought a series of looks from one of us to the other and grins on everyone's faces.
Eric soon moved up to her stomach and while he was massaging and rubbing in lotion I noticed the tips of his fingers went slightly under the seam of her bottoms. She didn't react so he did it again. This time when his hands dipped under, she lifted her butt slightly, causing his fingers to go even closer to her sex. She was obviously enjoying herself.
Nothing they were doing was obscene, but everyone was sexually charged as Eric started putting lotion up her stomach until he started rubbing her breasts. She let out another moan and her nipples got instantly hard and pointing straight up.
After a few minutes, Eric leaned down and said something softly to Joan. She opened her eyes and leaned up to whisper back in his ear. He smiled, leaning in closer to her. I thought they were going to kiss, but instead he got right into her ear. A smile came across Joan's face and she gently nodded while Eric sat back away from her and sat the lotion bottle on the table. When Joan stood up, her nipples were sticking straight out and the sun glimmered off of her body from the lotion.
She reached back down to grab her coverup and wrapped herself with it, It was meant to be for modesty on the way to the pool, but it was so sheer that you could still make out her breasts underneath. It was the hottest thing I've ever seen. Joan took Eric's hand and walked over to me.
"Dave, it looks like Eric used all the lotion. Can I have the room key? Eric and I will go get some more."
She looked into my eyes and kept my focus as I reached down into the bag and felt around until I found the key. I pulled it out and handed it to her without ever breaking eye contact. She just grinned, leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips. She went to my ear. "In the pool, Eric rubbed up against me and he seems impressive down there. I think I might take the opportunity to give Eric's little friend some love."
She moved back and little and looked me in the eye. "Are you okay with that?"
I whispered back. "Absolutely. Have as much fun as you want. I'll wait right here."
A big smile crossed her face. "I love you. Thank you for this." Then she kissed me again, this time lingering a little.
She leaned back up and grabbed Eric's hand. "We will be back in a little while." She said and then pulled him away from the pool down the path. You could hear her giggling and talking to Eric until they turned the corner toward the hotel.
After they were gone, Cindy motioned over her shoulder, "Are you okay with that?"
"Oh yeah, I am. I told her to do whatever makes her happy."
Chad grinned and raised his beer toward me. "That's the key to a happy marriage. Let the wife have all the fun she wants."
Both Cindy and Becky laughed and cheered.
So we all sat around talking for a while. The girls retreated to their lounge chairs and layed down on their stomachs to get some sun on their backs. Both requested that I put lotion on them and I was happy to help. When Becky picked up the bottle to hand it to me she said, "Oh wow, I don't know what Joan was talking about, this bottle is almost full." Then she grinned and both girls giggled.
I took my time massaging in the lotion and both girls let me take some time squeezing their butt cheeks and then rubbing lotion on their backs. I think me giving the ladies some attention and the fact that Eric was gone with my wife really was getting everyone worked up.
I finished putting lotion on the girls backs, so the guys decided to go to the bar for another beer. We swam over and took our time laughing and joking before we came back. I was still aroused by the fact that Joan was gone with Eric, so the trip to the swim up bar was just what I needed to take the edge off.
We came back and had just sat down when Joan and Eric reappeared around the corner. They were still holding hands. Joan's hair was a little messed up but not too bad. She was still wearing her cover up with no top underneath it. As they rounded the corner, she had her head tilted and resting on his arm as they walked. It looked like two lovers lost in a moment.
When they got to the pool side, she said something to Eric. He reached down and kissed her gently on the lips, then he waved at me and walked around the other side of the pool to his chair.
As Joan walked up her neck and face was a little flushed. She had a slight grin on her face and looked very happy. She came over to sit down with me. On her way she pulled her cover up off throwing it on the lounger and exposing her breasts to the group. She walked right up and sat on my lap.
"So what did I miss?" she said looking around the whole group. By this time both Cindy and Becky were tilted up on one arm eyeing Joan suspiciously. Each had a grin on their face.
"Oh nothing," Becky said. "We've just been sunning. Dave did give us a good rub down with lotion though." as she giggled.
"I'm glad you are putting him to work." Joan said as she sat on my lap. Just then I looked to her breasts and noticed something. There on her left breast, right above her nipple was a little bruise. As I looked closer I realized it was a hickey. That hadn't been there before she left.
As everyone was talking, Joan looked down at me and caught me staring at the hickey. She looked down at it and then looked back at me. In a hushed tone she said, "Oh yeah, Eric got a little excited and sucked too hard. I hope you don't mind."
My dick jumped under her and she felt it. She grinned at me. "Looks like someone did like me spending time with Eric." and then she leaned in and hugged me. She kissed me on the lips and once again said in a hush tone. "Thank you. I love you for allowing me freedom to do that."
Then Joan leaned in and whispered in my ear. "Why don't we go to the room and I'll do to you what I did to Eric?"
I practically tossed her off my lap and she laughed.
"Looks like we are gonna go take a nap. I guess we will see you all later." I said grabbing our stuff.
Everyone said their goodbyes as Joan put her top and cover up on for the trip to the room. We started to walk hand in hand. Joan stopped and turned back. She asked when they were going to dinner and where.
Becky gave the details and asked if we wanted to join. Joan nodded yes and said, "We will meet you guys there right after our nap." This brought a laugh from everyone.
We walked back to the room hand in hand. I was so in love with this woman and couldn't wait to hear what had happened. As we got in the room, I tossed the bag down. I noticed the bed was still make but was a little rumpled at the bottom, like someone had been sitting there. Just then Joan spun me around to face her. We started to kiss as she let her coverup fall to the floor. While we were kissing, I undid her top string while she undid the bottom one, causing her top to fall to the ground.
In between kisses she said "Are you sure you are okay with what I did?"
"Absolutely" I blurted out. Almost too quickly.
She laughed and then said, "Well just to let you know. I only played with him and gave him a blowjob. I couldn't go any further without talking to you first."
And with that she pushed my head down to her chest. "Suck on my breasts like Eric did." She started to moan as I licked her sensitive nipples. Then she really moaned when I started to suck on them. However she pulled back and winced when I sucked where Eric had left the hickey. "Careful, it's still sensitive."
After a few minutes of this she turned around and sat on the bed with me standing and facing her. She gently tugged my shorts down until my raging hard on came into view and my shorts hit the floor. She started gently licking my shaft up and down. Then she slowly sucked the head in her mouth while her hand stroked my shaft and the other one played with my balls.
I was in heaven and just when i didn't think it could be better, but then Joan spoke. "This is a little easier with your dick. Eric's was longer and a whole lot bigger around. I had a hard time getting my hand around it. I finally got most of it in my throat. It was difficult, but I enjoyed the challenge." She looked up and me and smiled and then attacked my dick again.
It didn't take long between her dirty talk and her talented mouth that I screamed. "I'm CUMMING!"
Joan just sucked my head in her mouth and started stroking me until I shot my load into her mouth. She sucked until I went soft.
"Did you like that?" She asked looking up at me.
I was just standing there naked in a blissful state as my dick softened. I just smiled back at her sitting on the bed topless and nodded.
"Did you like that your wife just swallowed her second load and it was from two different men?"
To answer her, I got on my knees and gently pulled her bikini bottoms down and off. She layed back on the bed and I pushed her legs apart. I rested each leg on a shoulder and leaned in. She was soaked and I just dove right in licking and sticking one, then two fingers in her. She reached down and held my head while she moaned. After a while she stiffened and then had an orgasm. As she was coming down from that orgasm, I was still licking her clit and had two fingers in her pussy. I took a chance and then slowly licked my pinky and slid it into her ass.
Joan moaned out loud and then said "Yes Eric! Take me and use me!" She used his name to get me aroused and it worked. I immediately stood at attention and stood up. She slid back on the bed and I joined her between her legs.
With her help holding my once again hard dick, I lined it up with her wet hole and pushed. It went in easily and she let out a groan and a series of moans while I worked in and out of her.
She was whispering in my ear. "I wonder if Eric would fit in me. Would you like me to try and see if he could fit? I bet he would make me cum over and over again."
She kept her talk up as I reached my climax and exploded in her. I fell beside her and we snuggled.
After a while she raised her head from my chest. "Are you really okay I sucked him off?"
"Yes honey. I love you and if it makes you happy then I'm great with it. It is so hot to see you let loose." I was brushing her hair with my hand while we talked.
"So you would really be okay if I went further with Eric?" She said. This time she rolled over to be on top of me and look me straight in the eye.
"You mean sleep with him?" I said looking at her with a grin on my face.
"Well..........I'm not sure how much sleeping we would be doing."
I took a moment and wiped the grin off my face so she knew I was being serious. I then replied. "I would be fine with it. But I would like to watch if that wouldn't be too weird for you."
She took a moment and thought about it. "I think we could arrange that. Eric said he would be at the club on the second floor tonight. Maybe after dinner we could join him." Her eyes were still on mine and looking for my thoughts or any hesitation on my part.
"I think that would be great. But you know I don't dance that much. Maybe Eric could dance with you instead."
She grinned at me. "I would like that very much."
Then she got up pulling my hand to get me to sit up with her. "Well come on, we have to get ready for dinner and dancing." Once I was standing, her naked body started to walk toward the bathroom. I just stood and watched her ass jiggle. She looked amazing.
She stopped at the bathroom door and looked back. "You coming? I need someone to wash my back." and with that she walked on in the bathroom and I heard the water running.
I wasn't sure what tonight would bring but I was excited and couldn't wait.
To be continued.