A while back Odiouser wrote a story called "Can You Cheat in an Open Marriage?" He invited authors to create an ending for it. This is my effort. If you haven't read Odiouser's story, you should. It's good. I hope this ending is worthy.
————-
The end of the original;
Or turn that around. Would I willingly leave and divorce her if I was guaranteed a free pass to frequent sex with her? I don't think so. Yeah, I would want the free pass, call it a Platinum membership card for Rye Balled, but then I would want to hook up with a new woman for the many other things of a married life. I do not want to come home every evening to an empty home. That's not even a home. God, what a deep thinker I can be.
One thing was starting to clear up through the haze. We cannot go on like this, with her leading the life she is and me pretending to be clueless. If we have any chance of surviving, we absolutely have to get her out her current employment.
I honestly think I could maybe tolerate her getting way more sex than I was, but my ego would not allow me to live within the community knowing I was a cuckold to the loosest woman in town. Sorry to be so thin-skinned and fragile.
SO, she would have to agree to quit the job and lifestyle but I am almost sure she wouldn't. I equally doubt she would agree to moving far away from here and starting over. I finally drifted off to sleep.
———————
I woke up Tuesday morning to the smell of a wonderful breakfast. I lay in bed for a few minutes, thinking. The germ of an idea of how I should move forward began to take shape in my mind. All at once I felt empowered in a way that I hadn't experienced since that terrible day when I began to peel the onion. I wasn't ready to act yet, but I knew what I must do.
Tuesday I went into the office, but I didn't get much work done for the company. I spent more time working out the details of my plan to save my marriage. Tuesday night was tense - both Heidi and I were anxious but neither wanted to talk about "it" yet. I would be ready to make my move the next day.
Wednesday morning I awoke filled with resolve. I went to the kitchen and found my wife showered, dressed nicely, and smiling. She served me eggs and toast and fruit and coffee, then sat down and looked me in the eye. "We have some things to talk about," she said.
"Yes we do, and we need to talk about them today," I replied.
"Meredith and I have a date to go shopping this morning, maybe we can talk when you get home from work," she said, trying to be bright and positive.
"That will be fine," I replied. I needed time to get my ambush put together, and I have no doubt Heidi needed to huddle with Meredith to get her story straight, whatever that story was going to be.
I went upstairs and got in the shower. Heidi stuck her head in the bathroom and told me she was heading out. "Have a good day, Merl," she said.
"You too, Heidi," I replied. "Stay out of trouble." I added, just for fun, "I'll be stopping by Spencer's house - there's an old matter from when we worked together that I need to straighten out." I figured if he had been on her to-do list for the day (pun intended), maybe that would change her plan.
Once she was gone I toweled off and called work to let them know I wouldn't be in. Gretchen assured me there was nothing going on that she couldn't handle.
I got dressed and ducked out to the office supply store down the street. I got poster board, two-sided sticky tape, and markers.
I set up a card table in the den, then collected the coin and jewelry from the closet, the box from the attic and the envelope from the kitchen drawer. I got on the computer, and printed out some of the "paper trail" of her secret life. Well, secret to me. I spent about an hour arranging the "exhibits" on the table and making up a couple of posters outlining my discoveries, including the dirty pictures. I wasn't sure when Heidi would be back, so I worked quickly. When I was finished I stepped back and looked at the display. It looked professional, detailed, and damning.
It was Wednesday, so I called her boss at Rye Balled to tell him she would not be in that night. I told him her gonorrhea had flared up again. He sounded worried on the phone, but wished her well. I wondered if he'd been fucking her too. "Of course he has," I thought to myself. Well, now I was fucking with him.
Heidi got home about 2 p.m. She actually had some shopping bags, suggesting that she had told the truth for a change. She was surprised to find me at home. I had closed the door to the den - she wasn't to see my display (I had come to think of it as a "murder board," like on cop shows) until I was ready. I suspected that catching her early might throw her off guard on her own preparations for the conversation we were to have.
"Hi, love, what are you doing home?" she asked.
"My marriage is more important to me that my job," I replied. "Unlike you, I put our marriage ahead of everything. Why don't you ditch those bags and let's sit down and talk."
A dark look crossed her face. She began to answer, but when she saw the determination on my face, she backed off. She put down her bags, then walked toward me making like she would give me a hug and a kiss. "My marriage is important to me, lover, I don't know why you would say such a thing." I put my arm out to block her.
"Fix us each a drink," I said firmly, "then come over her and sit down. From this moment forward, you tell me the truth. I know enough that I will know when you are lying. The first lie that I detect will end the conversation and our marriage. It might even send you to jail, so be very careful with your words."
Now she really looked worried. I knew that she knew that I was on to her, but she did not know all that Meredith's cuck husband had told me. She didn't know about my visit with Devin Durand. My words were having the desired effect of letting her know the jig was up. Now I'd find out where her head and heart really were.
She splashed whiskey into a couple of tumblers and came back to the living room. She handed me my glass, then sat down in a chair across from me. There was fear, and a tear in her eyes.
"Okay," she said, "what do you want to know."
"I want to know what you really do when you go out of the house in the evening. I want to know where you go, and I want to know what you do when you get there. By the way, I already know, but I want to hear you say it."
Her eyes fell, and she looked down at the coffee table. There she saw one of the photos from her kitchen drawer envelope. Her face was clearly visible and she was clearly being fucked. And she clearly had a cock in her mouth.
Any trace of resistance or defiance drained from her face and her body. She slumped in the chair and her chin fell to her chest. She began to sob. "How did you find out?" she asked.
"You know, how I found out really doesn't matter. What's more concerning to me is that I didn't find out for so long, while you were cavorting in a strip club, fucking I don't know how many men, including a guy I thought was my friend, and piling up hundreds of thousands of dollars whoring while I was working my ass off trying to keep a roof over your head and food on your table."
She took a moment to consider her words. Then she began: "Before I say anything else, I want you to know I love you, I have always loved you, and I always will. I do value our marriage, but I guess I love you in a different way. Yes, I admit I have lied to you. I admit I have done all the things you said."
She paused. "I admit that I get off on the Adrenalin rush of exposing my body to men, to be admired and desired, and to make men horny. I enjoy having sex. I enjoy the variety of having sex in different ways with different men. I get off on the power that comes from controlling men through their cocks and balls."
She paused again. "And, although this is actually secondary to the other things, I like it that I can come home at night with my purse stuffed with money that men have given me because they think they are using me. They have no idea that I'm the one who has been using them.
"And this will sound crazy to you - hell, it probably is crazy - but I have enjoyed entertaining the fantasy that you would be proud of me if you could see me at work and realize that I am just as good at what I do as you are at what you do - maybe even better."
I laughed, mirthlessly. "Well, evidently your private fantasy wasn't strong enough for you to actually let me in on the secret and invite me to witness your accomplishments on the job. You must think I am a total loser. Letting you get away with whoring all over town while witlessly believing you were doing good works in the community and that you loved me and valued our marriage."
"I DO love you, and I DO value our marriage," she cried. "You don't know what you're saying."
"Well, let's put that assertion aside for a moment," I said. I don't really want to know the graphic and detailed particulars of your life of crime and deception - you do know that prostitution is a crime, right?" I think what I know is enough.
"I am curious to know how you got started down this road, though. How about giving me a little explanation of when and why you decided to become a cheating, lying, whore while pretending to be a faithful wife."
She collected her thoughts. I think this part she had rehearsed with Meredith because it sounded a little practiced.
"Meredith and I went out one night to have some drinks and go dancing. You were out of town, and it seemed like an innocent 'girl's night out.' We ran into Julie French at the bar, and she told me that she and a girlfriend were going to a wild club they'd heard about to check it out. We had no idea what we were getting ourselves into, but we had had a few drinks and were feeling no pain, so we tagged along. Of course the wild bar they took us to was Rye Balled. We went in and paid the cover and found a table.
"The pulsating music, the flashing lights, sex-charged atmosphere was just overwhelming. Then a beautiful girl came out on stage, started dancing, and stripping. I was fascinated. Then a naked girl came to our table for our drink order. She was very nice, seemed like an ordinary waitress except for her nudity, and we chatted with her a little.
"She said she was a housewife who did this a couple times a week for extra household money. She said she enjoyed the job and enjoyed being sexy. She did not mention anything about the stuff that happens in the back.
"She delivered our drinks a few minutes later, and told us it was her turn to dance. She disappeared through a door beside the stage, and sure enough, when the next song started she swept out from the wings, dressed in a sexy costume. She did a sexy strip and wound up doing the most incredible moves on a pole. That ordinary housewife was turning on the men all over the room with her dancing. I got a little wet myself, and I'm not into women. Meredith and her friends and I were just blown away. After a couple of drinks and a couple of dances we were really getting onto the whole scene. It was so charged with sexual energy.
"After a while a guy came over to our table and introduced himself. It was Devin Durand, the club manager. He chatted us up a little, but he was obviously checking us out. After a little conversation he told us that there would be an 'amateur night' the next Wednesday and invited us to come try it out and have some fun. He said it to all of us, but he was really talking to me. 'We're always looking for fresh talent,' he said."
"The other girls were not interested, but Meredith and I thought it would be fun to give it a try once and have a bit of a thrill. So the next Wednesday I made up a story about a dance class, and we went. We stopped on the way at a sex shop and bought some stripper clothes.
"I was nervous as hell when it came to be my turn, but I had watched enough of the others to have an idea of what I should do. Those ballet classes my mother paid for when I was a kid came in handy, for once. I put on a pretty good show. Guys were sticking bills in my g-string and whooping and hollering as I finished my first set. I did two more sets that night and before I was finished I was getting off on that feeling - so turned on, so desired, and so naughty. Meredith felt the same way. Toward the end of my last dance I rubbed my pussy and I actually got off on stage.
"So, the next amateur night we went back and did it again. That night Devin had us do some waitressing between our sets. Strutting around among all those men in the altogether was such a turn-on. I got pinched and squeezed a little, but mostly it was the nasty comments - men telling me the hot things they wanted to do to me. I was getting hooked on the sex buzz."
Heidi stopped talking then, and took a sip from her drink. She looked at her watch and said, "Oh Merl, I have to start getting ready for work."
"No you don't," I replied. "I called Devin and told him your gonorrhea was back and you wouldn't be in tonight."
The look I got from her was black. Her eyes showed nothing but anger and embarrassment.
"You had no right to do that," she snapped. "Embarrassing me like that."
"Well, dear, I would argue that you've had no right to do what you've been doing, and if you want to compare levels of embarrassment, I think I have you beat. But now's not the time to argue. If you want to argue you can grab some things and get the fuck out of my life." I looked her straight in the eye. She tried to hold my gaze, but couldn't. Her eye fell back on that damning photo on the coffee table. The defiance left her.
"So, go on with your story, Sweetheart," I said. "When did you start fucking the customers?"
"That didn't start until later. After our third "amateur night" Devin offered us both jobs to come dance a couple of times a week. He explained that once we were on the payroll, we'd be expected to go into the VIP rooms and get down with the customers - lap dances for starters. He didn't expect us to start fucking people right away - he said he'd give us a chance to get comfortable with being with strangers, plus holding us back would build interest with his regulars. Meredith backed out, but I was getting caught up in the thrill, so I accepted the offer and started the next night.
"I guess it was after about three months that I decided 'in for a penny, in for a pound' and started doing actual sex acts. I started with blow jobs but eventually moved on to fucking. Devin arranged for his best customer, the Mayor, to 'pop my whoring cherry.' I was having so much fun I talked Meredith into joining me on the job."
"Once again, I found out I liked it. Sex feels good, you know. Add in the excitement of getting away with something I knew was wrong, the sexual atmosphere - and yes, the tawdry nastiness of the whole thing - it was very alluring. And throw in the money, Merl it's like a drug. I got addicted. My body craves the sex and my mind craves the adventure so much that somehow I was able to mentally put aside the betrayal. Of course I knew it was wrong. But I fooled myself into thinking you'd never find out. And the money was really for us - I just hadn't figured out how to tell you about it.
"Merl, baby, I have always loved you. As I hear myself telling you this story I realize how ridiculous this is going to sound, but I really never thought about my other life affecting this one. You seemed to be accepting that I was away many evenings - remember when this started you were the one who was away a lot on business. But I'm not trying to justify it or make excuses - I have been a faithless wife, I have shamed you and I have betrayed my vows. I'm not even going to pull out that old open marriage agreement we had when we were first married, because what I've been doing certainly doesn't fit what we had in mind back then."
She sat back in her chair.
"You used the word 'drug,'" I said. "Have you been using?"
"No, not that. I was comparing the rush I get from dancing and the sex with a drug. Some of the girls are into drugs, but I never have been. Oh, I've smoked some pot and I've had hits of coke a few times, but it's occasional and I'm really not into that. I get my high off the experience."
I sat quietly for a few minutes, considering what she had told me and letting her stew a little. She took a big slug of her whiskey, then took her glass and mine to the kitchen and refreshed them both. When she handed my glass back to me she bent and tried to give me a kiss. I turned my head away. "Not yet," I said. "We're not done."
"I have one more question, and then I have something I want to show you," I said. "I know you had an affair with the Mayor, and I know you had an ongoing something or another with my former friend Spence. Have there any other men that you've been involved with outside the club?"
"No," she replied. "Flaming Red has some regular customers at the club, and I've had some dates outside the club, but there's nobody else that I've had what you'd call a 'relationship' with. You truly are the only man that I love - the only man I have ever loved. I just used the others for he thrill of it."
"Okay," I said. "Come with me." I walked over with her behind me and opened the door to the den. We walked in and she saw my display. I heard her gasp. Her legs got a little wobbly as she realized that I really had uncovered her secret life. I had not been exaggerating when I told her that I knew enough to catch her in a lie.
I could see her eyes fall first on the coin and the necklace. Her hand went to her chest and she drew a deep breath. "Look it all over," I said. "Understand what I have found, and take in the full scope of your deception."
She did - she looked at the items laid out on the table and the photos and documents taped to the poster board, along with my notations. I had piled the cash on one side of the table - it was a big pile.
She looked up at me with red and teary eyes. "What do you want?" She asked.
"We'll get into that, but right now, look over all this stuff you have hidden from me, and tell me, is there anything else that I have not found. Any other chapters of your life that I don't know about?"
"No," she said. "You have found me out, and you know about all that I have done. There's more money - a lot more money - that I have hidden in various places. I have a locker at the club where I keep my costumes and there are some expensive gifts from clients there. There's a safe deposit box full of cash - the trouble with this job is that the men keep sticking cash my g-string and the cash mounts up - and then what do I do with it? I can't waltz into a bank with a duffel bag full of cash, there would be too many questions. Devin helped me set up a business account, and he's helped me find some ways to invest the money - the coin and necklace were the biggest things."
"Have you been paying taxes on this cum-soaked income?"
"My wages from the club are paid into the business Devin helped me set up. My business has declared that income," she said. I have not declared the cash."
"So, your misdeeds include betraying our marriage, engaging in illegal prostitution, and tax evasion. Along with occasional violation of drug laws. Anything else I should worry about?"
"One of my regulars at the club is Vince d'Angelo. His organization arranges dates for girls."
"You mean he's a mob pimp?"
"Well, I've never called it that, but I suppose that's what it comes down to. He has arranged some dates for me outside the club - some high rollers who pay big for good sex. Vince probably has the idea that I have some obligation to work for him. We've never formalized a business arrangement, but you know how these guys are - they draw you in and then they have expectations."
"So, you think some harm may come to you if you quit taking his dates?"
She began crying again. "The husband of one of his girls got shot in a drive-by after she said she wouldn't work for him any more. Oh God, I've really messed up."
Well, that certainly got my attention. I tried not to show it. I had adopted a cold, clinical approach to this conversation, trying to act like a prosecutor on TV and not showing emotion, anger, or sympathy. That revelation got to me, though, because it meant my plan would be harder to execute than I had imagined. I shook it off and returned to my "script."
"Tell me about your affair with Spence. I have the idea that it goes beyond your work at the club." She blanched. "It sounds as though you have been knowingly and consciously carrying on an extramarital affair to include mocking and laughing about me." She began to protest. "Careful, dear heart, it looks like you might be getting ready to lie. I may as well tell you I have read the messages on your phone."
"You read my phone? That's invasion of privacy."
"Yes, I suppose it is, but desperate times call for desperate measures."
Again she tried to hug me. Because I sensed that with Spence there was more in play than playing Flaming Red at the club, I softened my tone a bit.
"Tell me about him. Are you in love? Do you want to play the open marriage card for him?"
This time she kept her composure. No tears, no defiance. She looked me in the eye and said, "yes, I've been seeing Spence off the books for some time. We have had fun together, and unlike all the other men, I suppose I've let myself develop some feelings for him. I don't know why I let it happen, as you implied, this has been different than my work. Frankly I'm ashamed that I let Spence get away with saying taunting things about you, and I'm sorry I slipped into that myself."
"And yet you snuck off with him at the picnic, and laughed about it."
"Yeah, I did."
"All right, my dear. Here's what we're going to do next. We're going to the bedroom. It seems that I am the only man in town who hasn't had the chance to enjoy your talents. We don't have a stripper pole, but I want you to put on your music and give me a demonstration of your act. If, through all the anger and disgust I'm feeling right now, you can get me hard, you will demonstrate one of your legendary lap dances. I want to fully appreciate what I've been missing, so give it your best effort."
She looked at me, then all of a sudden my Heidi disappeared, and was replaced by Flaming Red. She stood straighter, thrust out her chest, and took my hand. "Come on, baby," she said in a sultry voice, "We're going to have a good time. She led me from the room, her body moving like a cat, all slinky and smooth. Her ass swayed seductively, and the touch of her hand on mine was somehow gentle but firm. She was taking charge and the promise of what was to come was hypnotizing.
Damn, she was good at this!
She led me upstairs, cooing all the while about what a virile and beautiful
man I was, and how lucky she was to have the chance to entertain me for a little while. When we got to the bedroom she saw that I had placed a chair opposite the bed. She pushed me back into the chair with an evil smile. "Give me just a second here," she said, and worked her phone to bring up her dance music. It wasn't the booming sound like the club, but it worked.
She began to dance. Her hips swaying back and forth to the music, she ran her hands over her body, cupping her breasts and sliding back down to her crotch. She rubbed her mound, then brought her hands up and licked her fingers. They went to her blouse and she undid a button. She turned her back to me, bent at the hips, and shook her butt in front of me. Her fingers were undoing more buttons, so when she turned back to face me with a mischievous smile her blouse hung open, her sexy lacy bra exposed below. I discovered that her navel had been pierced and a little diamond stud sparkled at me.
As the music continued and she kept moving, her blouse came off. It's a cliche, but she threw it at me. She cupped her breasts and squeezed them through her bra, gyrating all the while. Her hands moved down to the waistband of her tight jeans. She undid the button on the waistband. Then, because tight jeans are really not made for stripping, she needed some help, so she sashayed over to me and asked me in her sexiest voice, to please help her and pull down the zipper. I did. She then backed away from me, once again turned her back to me, and bent at the waist. She began to swing her upper body around, pivoting at the waist, making a complete circle with her head and shoulders. Her long red hair flew out and billowed with the movement like a flag in the wind. She straightened back up, then turned and squatted in front of me, her knees far apart and her crotch lewdly displayed. As she straightened back up, her hands went to her waistband, and she pushed her jeans down over her hips and to her knees. At this point she needed more help, so she came over to me and had me pull her jeans off, right leg first, then left leg. She kicked them to the side and stuck her snatch right in my face. She was wearing tiny lacy panties that matched her bra. There was something inside her pants making a lump in the fabric.
Once again she followed the music and backed away from me, swaying and gyrating her hips. She turned her back and her hand came around and went to her bra fastener. She deftly unhooked it (she'd had a lot of practice) and when she turned back to face me, her forearm was across her chest, holding the bra in place. In perfect sync with the music she moved her arm away, dangled the bra in front of my eyes, then dropped it in my lap. She shook her titties in my face, and I discovered that her nipples were pierced, with diamonds glistening at each end of silver rods. These were not small diamonds, either. She rubbed her breasts some more, then her hands went back to her pussy and she rubbed there a little, once again bringing her hands up to her mouth to seductively lick her fingers, one by one.
She locked eyes with me, then went back into a deep squat, again splaying her legs wide open. This time she slipped her left hand into the panties and rubbed a little, then brought her hand out and extended her fingers to me to be licked. I shook my head, so she backed away from me again, turned her back, bent at the waist, and pulled her panties down, exposing her ass with her shaved pussy visible between her legs.
She spun back to face me, tossed her now-wet panties into my lap, and did a turn around the room, naked except for her socks. She shook her tits again, then stopped in front of me. Swaying side to side, she reached down and pulled her pussy lips back, revealing the inner reaches of her womanhood. Then I could see what I had wondered about before. Her clit had been pierced, and a large diamond - bigger than her engagement ring on her finger beside it - sparkled. It was beautiful and obscene and I was stunned. I would have to ask her how she had been able to conceal all of these piercings from me.
Then, as she moved her hand away from her privates, I noticed something else. Written in an elegant script was a small tattoo just above her slit. "Merl." It was a sweet gesture, I suppose, but I wondered when she had gotten that, since it had not been there the last time I went down on her.
Her song ended, and she slinked over to me and asked if I was ready for a lap dance. I could see how if I had been a horny guy in the sex-charged atmosphere of the club, I would have found her performance very stimulating indeed. Flaming Red was indeed a hot number. As it was, I was watching my wife abase herself in a humiliating display. My stomach churned and bile rose in my throat. "Maybe later," I said.
I told her to head back down and make me another drink, then meet me in the living room. She reached for her clothes, but I told her to leave them. "I gather than you are accustomed to being naked," I said.
When we were seated facing each other again I pointed at her piercings. "When did you get those? And why haven't I seen them before?"
She blushed. (Funny, I didn't know how she could still do that) and said she and Meredith had gotten the piercings a year before at Devin's suggestion to "kick it up a notch." I hadn't seen them because she removed them when she knew I'd be seeing her without clothes.
I asked about the tattoo. "I got that last month when Spence was starting to act like he thought he owned me. I wanted to make sure he knew that wasn't so, and never would be."
I took a drink. "Well, Sweetheart, here's the deal. I figure that with what I have on you, I own you now. Without any regret at all I could turn you over to the county with the evidence I have of your prostitution, and I could turn you over to the state and feds for tax evasion. I'm not sure if you'd do much jail, but you'd do some, I'm sure. And I'd get some of your favorite customers, too. I might even get your mobster pimp.
"But I don't want to do that. For some reason, I still have some feelings of affection for you - greatly diminished for sure, but still there. And one of the things that bothers me most about your secret life is that you kept it a secret from me. You have explained how you kind of slid into it, and how much it excites you, and how you are now addicted to that life. I can understand when you tell me that the thrill makes you high. And I don't think I need to take that thrill away from you."
She visibly relaxed and I thought I heard a little sigh of relief.
"But, going forward, I want in on the deal. Starting now, I am your business manager. I'm going to quit my job and devote all of my energies to furthering your career as a whore. I'm going to call myself your business manager or or agent. You may think of me as your pimp. I don't care.
"For starters, you are done at Rye Balled. We will go there tomorrow and I will help you clean out your locker. Tell Devin you are retiring. Make arrangements to collect any back pay you are owed and get any tax documents you will need.
"It is convenient that you have established a business entity, it will now be a limited liability partnership with me. You are no longer Flaming Red. She has ceased to exist, For now, you are just Heidi White. We'll be reinventing you as a new escort and high priced whore. No more stripping, no more lap dances, no more cheap tricks.
"You won't be working here. We may continue to live here, but you'll be working the convention circuit and big sporting events, in big hotels in big cities. We'll be doing a lot of traveling. We'll have to get passports, because some of your dates may be out of the country."
Heidi's downcast expression started to brighten up. The realization that she might be able to continue her active sex career without blowing up our marriage, which it seemed she still valued despite evidence to the contrary, brought her out of her funk.
"So, we'll still be married? You aren't going to divorce me?" She asked.
"That's how I see it, as long as you are able to live within the boundaries of our new relationship. All these years I have been imagining that we were partners in marriage. I now know that I was living an illusion. So, we won't pretend that we are partners in a normal marriage. I'm pretty much going to own you, and your skanky cunt. And your ass. And any other hole somebody is willing to pay to play with. I will be nice to you. I will treat you with courtesy and kindness. I will only book you with clean and proper men, and I will vet all of your dates to be sure they are the kind of men or women who will treat you right."
"I don't do women," she said.
"If the money's right, you will," I replied. "I will respect your wishes and try to book only with men. But there may be an occasional couple wanting to play, so you may have to expand your repertoire. Who knows, you may find you like it."
She pondered this for a minute. "Will you and I have sex? You know I love to have sex with you. You are the only man I love and sex with you is much deeper and more satisfying than any other."
"I am sure we will have sex. We have some relationship repair to do first. And that reminds me, have you fucked Meredith's husband?"
She hung her head again. "Yes, just a couple of times. Meredith brings him to the club sometimes, and we have partied."
"Okay, call her and invite her over here. I'm going to fuck her, and I'll make her an offer to come to work with us in our new business. If there are any other girls at Rye Balled that you think might be interested, that you think we can trust, and that you think I might enjoy working with, we may invite them in too. But let's not get ahead of ourselves. We'll keep it simple to start and see how it goes. Call Meredith. Ask her to come by here on the way to work. And take out that whore jewelry. You don't have to look like a whore when you're at home. Make the call in front of me, I want to hear what you say to her. Just tell her I want to see her about a business proposition. Tell her we need about an hour."
Meredith went to the bathroom and came out without the jewelry. She had put on a robe. I asked her to take it off. "I don't want to be naked in front of Meredith," she said.
"What, so you've suddenly discovered modesty? Hah! No, lose the robe."
Heidi put the robe over the back of her chair and called Meredith. She tried to turn her back for some privacy, but I told her to turn back around and face me so I could hear every word. She did.
"Hi, girlfriend, Merl and I would like for you to come by on the way to the club this afternoon for a talk...Yes, he knows...Everything...I think it's going to be okay, but we need to talk to you..." She put her hand over the phone, "She wants to know if she should bring Greg."
"No, I don't see him as part of our business, unless he wants to hire himself out as a cocksucker and an ass hole."
She looked at me with a stunned expression. "No, we don't need Greg today...Okay, thanks, see you then."
She ended the call and looked at me. "That was a terrible thing you said about Greg. He is our friend. And he's not 'that way.'"
"He's not my friend," I said. "Friends don't fuck their friend's wife. And I don't care how he is, that would be the only use I would have for him."
Meredith knocked at the door a little while later. I sent Heidi to open it and let her in. Meredith was surprised to see her friend without clothes. "Merl made me strip for him, and then told me to keep the clothes off. He is very upset," Heidi told her. "I can't blame him - I really screwed him over."
Meredith came in and Heidi had her sit in the chair she had been using. Heidi then went to the kitchen to get us all drinks. I looked my wife's partner in crime straight in the eye for a full two minutes before I spoke.
"Heidi and I have been talking about what's gone on in her life for the past however many years - I'm still not clear on when it all started - and yours as well. Evidently you clued your husband in on what you were doing, but Heidi did not accord me that courtesy. Evidently Greg is satisfied to be a cuckold to a whore as long as he gets a share of the cash - I assume you've been sharing it with him, as Heidi has not with me."
Meredith looked me right back in the eye, aiming to give as good as she got. "Yes, I told Greg about it. Not at first, but after a while he began questioning me so much about where I was going and what I was doing that I decided it was stupid to keep making up silly excuses so I told him. He was angry at first, until I showed him the money. Then he swallowed hard and shut up. He comes to the club once in a while to see me dance."
"I gather that he has availed himself of Flaming Red's charms as well," I told her. Then I cut to the chase. "Heidi won't be dancing or whoring at Rye Balled any more. Or at any other strip club. I am taking her on as a client and managing her career from now on. She will be doing escort work and working conventions and major sporting events. She will be charging large money and fucking successful businessmen, athletes, and high roller sports fans. I am about to make you a one-time offer. You will take it or leave it now, before you leave to whore yourself at a tacky strip joint."
"Go on, I'm listening," she said. Meanwhile Heidi had come into the room and went to stand behind her friend's chair. Her tits sort of framed Meredith's head, and when she moved they sometimes bumped against her hair. It was an interesting visual.
"I am prepared to offer you second position in my new stable. You can quit dancing and whoring at Rye Balled and come under contract with me. I will arrange your dates, arrange your travel - there will be a lot of travel because we won't be working in this market any longer - and I will manage your money. I will take a 40% split, but I anticipate that your gross will be significantly more than the dollars in the g-string you're getting here. You will be working major events so there is every reason to suppose that you can have some fun even when you're not on your back. I know it's a big decision, so I'll give you a few minutes to think about it. In the meantime, Heidi, why don't you ask your friend to fuck me, just like her husband fucked you?"
Heidi trembled for a moment, then gained her composure. "Meredith," she said, "I think it is fair that since you let me fuck your husband, you should fuck mine. He wants to do it to even things up a little. I think he also wants to find out whether you will be a good fit for our business."
Like any good whore, Meredith immediately shifted into business mode. She got a seductive look on her face, then got down on the floor and crawled over to my chair. She reached out and unfastened my belt and zipper, then pulled out my cock. "Your little man isn't ready," she said, as she began to stroke my cock and kiss the end. I was going to make her work to get me up, but it had been so long since I had wanted sex with my cheating wife, and I had been so agitated for the past few days, that when I felt her mouth on my manhood I surrendered to the feeling. I grew into a wood erection in no time. I'm not porn star sized, but my cock is a mouthful for anybody, and Meredith had to work a bit to get me down. But get me down she did, lips to balls. Pulling off, she said, "That's better, big boy. Now, where are we going to do it?"
I must say I was rather surprised that she had not resisted the idea of a cold fuck for even a moment.
"I was going to fuck you right here on the floor," I said, "but maybe it would be more painful for Heidi if we do it in our bed. By the way, Heidi, have you fucked anybody but me in our marital bed?" I said over my shoulder as I led Meredith to the room. Still bound by my demand of truthfulness, and still afraid of what I might know, she replied, "Only once. With Spence. I'm sorry."
"Oh well, once a whore, always a whore," I said cheerfully. "I hope you had the good grace to change the sheets." By this time we were in the bedroom. I instructed Meredith to get naked and then take off my clothes. She did it quickly (she'd had a lot of practice) and got down got to business.
I'm not going to describe the act in great detail, but suffice it to say that she was very good. She was a good enough actress that between her sweet caresses, her masterful rubbing, and her lascivious kisses, she was able to make it seem that she really did want to be there fucking me and I was the man of her dreams. I decided that I hoped she would take me up on my offer.
When I finished (we were done when I finished) we got up from the bed and Heidi gave her a hug. Not a sexy hug, a hug between friends. The fact that they were both naked was immaterial. I told Heidi to get fifty bucks from her stash of cash and pay the whore. "Fair's fair," I said. "Professionals deserved to get paid for their work."
"I get $200 to fuck," Meredith said.
"Not today," I answered. "That was about fifty bucks worth. How about it, kid, you want to join Heidi and me in our new venture?"
"I really should talk to Greg about it," she said.
"Fuck Greg," I said. "He's already proven that he is satisfied with being a cuck to a whore, he should be happy that you'll be bringing in more money."
I have to say that both women were taking the new Merl very well. Heidi had never heard me talk this way, and had never experienced me being so assertive. Maybe I should have tried it long before - things might have been better. But I had bought into the whole "marriage is a partnership" crap. My eyes were now open.
Meredith looked Heidi in the eye. She paused six seconds thinking, and said "Okay, I'm in."
"Give Devin your notice tonight. You're done there. You're done in town. Tell Devin I was just kidding about the gonorrhea, but he better get tested anyway. Tomorrow we are going to recycle some of your cash and buy both of new wardrobes. Professional clothes, suits, classy dresses, expensive shoes, and jewelry to match."
"We? You're going too?" Heidi asked.
"Yes dear. I'm taking your keys. You don't go anyplace without me."
I also had her call Vince d'Angelo and arrange a meeting for lunch. After a morning of wardrobe shopping we met Vince in a nice restaurant downtown, and I explained that I had taken on Heidi and Meredith as my clients for my "referral service." I explained that as they would no longer be taking dates in our town, they would no longer be available to him for service. He raised objection, observing that this would cost him money.
"Vince, there are lots of girls. You can go to Rye Balled tonight and recruit two girls to take the place of these two and never miss a beat. But out of consideration for your past relationship with my wife, and because I recognize that Flaming Red was quality product, I am prepared to offer you five percent of her earnings for one year, and one year only."
He countered with 15 percent and we settled on 8.5 percent.
As for Spence, without me asking her to, she called him and told him it was over. He called a couple more times until I got on the phone and told him if he tried again I'd turn him over to my new friend and business partner Vince.
Just to fuck with him I told Vince that Spence had been sniffing around some of his girls. A car sat parked across the street from Spence's house for a couple of weeks, until he freaked out and called the cops.
We changed Heidi's hair. I wanted to erase Flaming Red from the face of the earth, so I asked her to make it different. Her hair is now a beautiful light golden brown. With highlights.
———
Epilogue
So, that's what we did. I created a website with photos, descriptions, and suggestions about services rendered (standards for such things vary from state to state). I looked ahead at the events calendar for the next 12 months, and booked hotel rooms for major events - Super Bowl, NCAA basketball championships, World Series, Daytona 500, Kentucky Derby - as well as major conventions and trade shows like the Electronics show and Detroit Auto Show. The website banner said, "Meet us at _____" and listed the upcoming event."
As business manager I worked through Heidi's sketchy records and notes on calendars and diaries and was able to make a fair estimate of what her income had been each year above and beyond what was declared, and submitted amended tax returns. I listed her occupations as "entertainer," which was broad enough to make such income reasonable and vague enough to avoid scrutiny. We had to pay a chunk of dough to get square with the feds, but I did not want anything jumping up and biting us in our new business venture.
A pilot Heidi had "met" at Rye Balled owned a nice six-seater prop-jet plane, and we did regular business with him flying us to our destinations all over the country.
As it turned out my choices of events had been good, and the website brought us a steady stream of well paying dates. I renamed the girls sisters Amber and Sonya Romanova. I thought making it sound Russian might add a little element of the exotic to the mix, and that worked too. At several of the events I booked them as a package deal and they did threesomes and gang bangs. That's where the serious money came in. Some guys really get off on fucking sisters.
There were a couple of major events where we brought in that sweet housewife from Rye Balled who first introduced my wife to "the life." She played the naive innocent role to the hilt. If there was an academy award for whores, she'd be a shoo-in.
There were a few occasions when a customer would ask for someone to "service" his wife while he was busy with Amber or Sonya. Always a team player, I stepped up to the plate.
By the end of the first year each of the girls had banked close to a million bucks. Clients paid by credit card so we no longer had to worry about how to dispose of thousands of singles and fives. As for her stash of stripper cash, we paid cash for everything until the boxes and suitcases were finally empty.
I even found a job for Meredith's loser husband. We bought him a chauffeur's uniform and he drove our rented limo in each town where we did business. I had him buy a gun and take lessons so he could provide some security in the event of trouble. Luckily it never came to that.
As their pimp, I could fuck them whenever, wherever and however I wanted. Heidi and I had a lot of sex, sometimes as loving husband and wife, sometimes as pimp and whore. I also fucked Meredith, but always as a threesome with Heidi. I would challenge them to see who could be the nastiest. We called it a "whore conditioning and drill session." After their past experiences at Rye Balled, they had learned ways to be pretty nasty. Occasionally I would have them go girl-girl during these sessions, but neither of them was really into it, so we didn't do it often.
Our goal was to bank enough that we could all retire by the time the girls got too old to claim the big bucks. We had $6 million saved by the time they turned 42. Forty-two is a good retirement age for baseball pitchers, hockey players, and whores.
I won't say Heidi's career led to her being fucked out, but since retiring she has managed to confine her sexual exploits to our bed, with me the only other one in it. Well, except with an occasional weekend when I let her cash in our old "open marriage" agreement and entertain a gentleman. If she gets paid she never tells me about it, and I don't ask. It took us long enough to get the boat steadied, and I feel no need to rock it. I see a couple of other ladies from time to time too, just to keep things even.
We have a nice condo near the beach on Marco Island, and life, at last, is good.