"Mr. McNaught...why do I have to be here? Like seriously, I'm not disruptive or even crazy or anything." Annie Scoffed.
Don McNaught eyed the hot looking student sitting across the desk from him, "Annie, you know why you're here. Your mother thinks it would be best you seek after-school counseling, and I think so too."
"Just because of the fight with Jenna? That wasn't even my fault, she's been pestering me since middle school and were both in grade 12 now."
Mr. McNaught sighed and took out a pad and pencil. "First, is everything okay at home? Any trouble with parents or siblings at all?"
Annie looked away, "No, I'm perfectly fine."
Annie was indeed the resistant type. A challenging type Mr. McNaught had always found sexy since first meeting her when she was in 9th grade. It also didn't help that Annie had just turned 18 but looked much younger and happened to be beautiful, with huge, innocent, brown eyes, beautiful full lips covered in hot pink lipstick, a petite slender body, tiny little tits and long straight dirty blonde hair cascading down to the middle of her back.
"How about your friends? Seems like you've been having some trouble with Jenna."
Annie looked back at him with an evil glint in her eye, "Yeah I said that."
"Okay, so tell me, why do you two girls not get along?"
"I fucked her boyfriend a long time ago, and have been fucking him since. When she finally found out, she went after me like all mad and everything!..."
Mr. McNaught sighed, the thought of little Annie already fucking boys at such a young age was bothersome, hot, but bothering. Not to mention the thought got him hard, She must be a horny little nympho he thought to himself.
"And why would you sleep with her boyfriend?"
"Because we were always competing for the same guys. When she finally got the guy I wanted most, I decided to get her back by becoming his "on the side" fuck buddy. I only wanted him sexually anyways. I was planning on finally showing her all of our messages at graduation, but she found them earlier."
"Do you have a boyfriend, Annie?"
Annie smiled, "Well, yes."
"So...doesn't it bother you to cheat on him?"
Annie smiled a slow conniving grin, "I love sex. One boy or girl is hardly enough to feed my appetite. Don't you love sex, Mr. McNaught?"
Mr. McNaught felt his cock begin to grow harder; good thing he was behind a desk. What a slutty little cunt she was. Of course, he liked sex.
"Annie, this is not about me, it's about you. So explain to me" he was immediately interrupted.
"Don't you like a woman's cunt? Because I love, love, love cock, well pussy too I'm bi" she exhumed, sitting forward her erect nipples standing out from her tiny breasts
Mr. McNaught stared at her in shock, "Annie, we should really keep things on-topic."
She suddenly stood from her chair, "I'm a slut, Mr. McNaught. It's true, I love sex, I just can't get enough of it! Every male I see is a walking cock that I want to fuck. Including you! Every girl I see I want to eat their pussy or have them lick mine" She raised her converse covered foot onto the desk revealing no panties beneath her mini skirt. as she undid the buttons on her blouse revealing her little lacy training bra.
Mr. McNaught gasped at the sight. "Annie...!" he admonished, looking away. His student was adamant, yet, he didn't really want her to stop.
"Look at my pussy, Mr. McNaught, look at it. Waxed and ready to fuck," she slipped a finger inside herself, "I'm already so wet...!" she moaned as she began to fingerfuck herself.
Breathing heavily, Mr. McNaught guiltily watched the eighteen-year-old bombshell slip her fingers in and out of her beautiful slick cunt. He wanted to look away but couldn't find it in himself to do so.
"You know you like it, Mr. McNaught...and I know your dick is hard behind that desk! You're an attractive man who likes sex, and I'm a pretty girl who likes sex, so let's fuck!"
She said deliriously as she fingered her pussy faster. While Mr. McNaught knew he'd be fired the second anyone found out, he'd let the situation turn so dire, the circumstance was simply so unique he couldn't intervene.
"I-I can't do it anymore, I need your cock...I need it now," she whined breathlessly as she immediately withdrew from the desk and removed her blouse and training bra to expose a pair of round, tiny, breasts. She rounded the desk and dropped to her knees. "Let me see that cock, Mr. McNaught," she snapped reaching for his belt.
Mr. McNaught shamefully swiveled in his chair to allow her better access.
"Oh, you are so horny, Mr. McNaught! You just can't wait to fuck my little pussy, can you?" she exonerated upon seeing the confirmed tent in his pants.
He looked away as the salacious, wicked girl freed the buckle and unzipped his trousers. Mr. McNaught knew he was well beyond the point of return when the little nymph reached into his boxers and freed his hard cock. God, her little hands felt so good on his cock.
"Mr. McNaught!" Annie gasped at the sight, "You're perfect, just perfect! You'll fit in my little pussy like a hand in a glove and so much bigger than the boys here in school!" she exclaimed as she began to plant kisses down his shaft. Abruptly, the semi naked girl jumped onto the chair into his lap.
"Suck my little titties!" she demanded, shoving a small breast into his mouth.
Letting go of all previous restraints, Mr. McNaught savagely squeezed the girl's buttocks and passionately began to suck her erect little nipples
"Yeah...that's more like it Mr. McNaught," she cooed as she zealously ran her fingers through his hair.
Recklessly, Mr. McNaught stood and lifted the girl off of him to remove his trousers and boxers.
Excited, Annie bent over the desk, "Oh, please fuck me, Mr. McNaught, my pussy wants it so bad!" she groaned impatiently.
"Yeah, baby? You want me to fuck that little pussy?" he said delivering a harsh slap to her buttocks.
"Yes, oh god yes! Make me your little bitch!"
He roughly slapped her naughty ass a few times more before finally guiding his cock to her wet pussy. Slowly pushing inside her tight, wet, canal, he grunted in carnal satisfaction.
"Oh, yes..." Annie seethed in immense pleasure.
Sensing that Annie was the type of girl who preferred rough sex, Mr. McNaught tightly grasped her hips and immediately began pummeling her slick bald cunt.
"Oh, god! Yes, like that, fuck me like that! So much bigger than the boys here at school" she wailed, arching her back upwards.
As Mr. McNaught stared mesmerized by her gorgeous, jiggling, gelatinous ass, he felt a dynamic climax unlike any other begin to near its peak.
"Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" Annie boiled, "Fuck, fuck...Ohhhhh!" she moaned in orgasmic euphoria.
Mr. McNaught gasped as the girl's pussy squeezed and clenched around his cock. Thrown overboard himself, he squeezed her buttocks and groaned as his jizz filled her sweet cunt.
Exhausted and sweating, he gave her ass one more stinging slap before stepping back as he turned Annie onto her back, spreading her legs wide as he feasted upon her cum dripping cunt, licking her pussy clean knowing his next appointment was due soon
Annie looked back at him from the desk in awe, "My god, Mr. McNaught, you really know how to fuck and eat my cunt."
"Thanks, Annie," he said, not meeting her gaze.
She was undoubtedly an excellent companion, but he needed time to organize his new found feelings of accomplishment, shame, pride, and perversion.
Annie stood up and began to put her clothes back on, .as Mr. McNaught did the same. She picked up her backpack and came back behind the desk.
"Thanks, today was nice," she murmured, planting a hot kiss on his cheek. She sauntered back to the door and opened it,
"See you next Friday!" she called, closing the door behind her.
Mr. McNaught sat back in his chair evaluating the flawed appointment. It was undoubtedly the best he'd ever had. He knew it was a bad idea to get sexually involved with a student, but he honestly couldn't deny amazing weekly sex with a young, little, nympho like her.
Grateful for the soundproof quality of the counseling rooms, he sprayed a bit of air freshener, rearranged his desk and welcomed in his next student.