This story is based on an old erotic film I saw on Ch 47 cable 4 in Toronto back in the 1990s.
Brushing her long blonde hair back so she could yawn, Giovanna stretched her arms and reached across to the pillow beside her, disappointed to not feel her husband beside her. Probably had to rush to the hospital for an emergency surgery; at least last night he made somewhat satisfying love to her. She rubbed her eyes open, and rose up to a seated position and looked towards her bedroom window. The curtains were shut, but a sliver of light seeped in between the curtains, highlighting the nose of her beautiful face and her cleavage as the blanket fell away from her breasts, exposing them to the cool air. She stretched her arms one last time and slowly climbed out of bed naked, revealing her toned physique and legs to the rest of the bedroom. Her skin was still young, healthy and smooth thanks to her healthy diet and avoidance of tobacco, alcohol and drugs for the short thirty two years of her life. Narcistically, she paused to admire herself in the mirror when she heard the sound of a hedge trimmer come nearby; her husband was a very wealthy physician and had hired help to take care of all the major chores.
Wait? Did she notice an eye peeking between the curtains? Quickly, she covered her breasts with a hand bra and rushed towards the window, peeking between the curtains. She saw the gardener looking back; a tall, handsome and well built man probably in his mid twenties trimming the garden bushes wearing only a pair of jeans and running shoes.
Giovanna then realized she had instinctively reached down and was rubbing her fingers up and down both her labia, touching her clit each time up. She quickly backed away and quickly rushed to the side of the window, all the while rubbing her labia. After reaching up to brush her clit again, she used her index and middle finger to rub down both lips of her labia while pulling them apart, opening up her vagina. She then leaned against her makeup desk and inserted two fingers from her free hand inside and within a few thrusts shuddered and sighed with pleasure as her orgasm overtook her.
Blushing at the thought of being seen by a potential voyeur gardener, she decided to wear a dark blue short summer dress that only went down half thigh length. She brushed her hair, did her makeup and eye liner, then added lipstick to make her gorgeous face stand out even more. She then picked up her Android phone and called a taxi to take her to town for breakfast; despite her husband's constant nagging she just drive either their Ferrari or Lambourghini which he purposely left in the garage for her, she hated driving. Those cars were for her husband to chauffeur her around, Giovanna thought to herself.
Wait! Giovanna realized that she had just put on a short summer dress, with no underwear on. She contemplated going commando, but decided to be more modest in case of an accident. She quickly picked up a regular pair of white cotton panties and slipped them on, then a beautiful pair of heels to match her dress, then strode quickly outside, for the taxi would be there soon.
Giovanna stepped onto the porch outside her front door and looked down, where she saw the community newspaper and flyers lying at her feet. She knelt down to pick them up, when she saw an article on the front page of the newspaper that interested her. She stayed low to browse the article, and to better stabilize herself, she squatted so her rear was beneath her knees, and her legs spread wide to give her good balance.
"Good morning!"
The voice started Giovanna and she had to wiggle a big to retain her balance, bringing her face to face with her younger handsome gardener. He smiled at her:
"My name is David. I'm the gardener your husband hired to take care of your grounds."
"Nice to meet you David. I'm Giovanna," she replied coyly. She noticed that he couldn't help but stare down at her, while she stared up and admired his well toned physique. She gathered up the newspaper and flyers when she noticed his open hand offered to her:
"I can get those and put them in the mailbox for you."
Giovanna smiled and gladly gave the papers to David, expecting him to help her up. Instead he just took the flyers and put them in the mailbox by reaching behind him, grinning at her all the time. She then saw the taxi pull onto her driveway, and looked up to see David's face suddenly become very disappointed. At this point he reached down, and when she put her hand in his, gently and slowly pulled her to her feet.
"Thank you David", she said politely as she walked to the taxi and opened the passenger door.
"See you later Giovanna!" yelled David as he turned his muscular and sculpted back to her to return to work.
"Bye! It was great to finally meet you and talk!" replied Giovanna as she got in the taxi and closed the door. As she sat in the seat she adjusted the hemline of her dress towards her needs to protect her modesty and buckled herself in.
"Take me to hotel at the beach" Giovanna instructed the taxi driver, who nodded politely and began to drive, though she noticed him sneaking peeks of her beautifully sculpted legs periodically. It was only after a few cycles of this did she realize that she unknowingly gave David a full view up her dress to her panties, which embarrassed her a little; however the thought that David could not resist looking between her legs hardened her nipples a little, making them extra sensitive against her summer dress, and swelled her labia as well, causing more sensitivity in her loins as the taxi drove down the twists and turns of her hilltop neighbourhood, allowing a bumpy ride that brought her panties against her labia frequently. Throughout this pleasurable ride, she couldn't help but think of David and his perfectly sculpted body.