"You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to," asked Henry, "but I wondered how you got into this business."
Abigail was growing used to a little pillow talk before starting their day but Henry had never asked about this and she never offered. To her it was irrelevant, she loved him and he loved her. Even so, she expected his inquisitive nature to eventually ask the question.
"Well...I was 19 and out on my own for the first time so I went to work as a grocery clerk. At the store I met Ginger and Candy and we became close friends. We'd goof around at the store on our breaks but then we still hung out after work. Eventually we moved in together to save money.
"We sorta became each other's family and looked out for each other. We had to because we were three pretty girls and men were constantly hitting on us and that included the store manager, Frank, who liked to get one of us alone in his office thinking he might get lucky.
"He'd start talking like 'I'm looking for an assistant manager to help run things, which means a big raise for someone...maybe you.' Of course, the whole time he's talking he's got a hand on your knee. It wasn't subtle. He knew we needed money.
"Since we all got the same pitch we knew there was only one thing he was interested in and so we kept a general awareness of each other so when one of us got called into his office, one of the other two could knock on his door with some made up question and interrupt his bullshit.
"This went on constantly because he was obsessed with us. One night after work we were talking about the problem when Candy said, 'We oughta charge him just to look at us.' She didn't mean it but the more we talked about it the better an idea it became.
"We worked out a plan where the next time one of us got called in we tried it. Sure enough it was me and when he got handsy I said, 'Frank, if you want to see me naked it'll cost you $20. You wanna see me naked, right?' Of course, he said yes because it's all he ever wanted.
"He handed me the twenty and I said, 'Look but you can't touch.' Again, he agreed since he couldn't believe he was getting this far. I went to the other side of his office and stripped down while he jerked off.
"Candy and Ginger did the same and, as you might guess, things took off from there. We started giving him blowjobs for fifty and in short time he was fucking us for a hundred. We were making way more than our minimum wage job and then Frank bought our services to impress the regional manager and word of mouth went from there. And, as it turned out, the three of us loved having sex so we had a job we liked and not everyone can say that."
Henry was riveted to the story and when it was over he added, "And then you met the love of your life."
"And then I met the love of my life...I hope," she said in all seriousness. "You only baffle me on one thing. All these men are doing sexually to me anything they want and instead of being horribly jealous you get turned on and more than that you never pass judgment on me, why?"
"Simple," he said, "True number two is way stronger than sex. I can truthfully say I've never experienced this before."
"What about Lana?"
"I will always love Lana. She has a permanent place in my heart but what I feel for you is an unconditional love that, frankly, I didn't think existed. It's weird but I'm happy when I see you enjoying sex even if it's not with me."
"Yup, you're a weirdo alright...but you never get jealous?
"Well I can't say I don't have my moments of envy but they seem to pass when I'm with you."
"I number two you, baby."
"I number two you too."
***
When Abigail and Henry got to the cathouse Lana was sitting at his desk, "I'm sorry, Abby, but I need to speak with Henry alone."
"Sure," she said, turning to kiss Henry and off to her bedroom.
"What's going on?" he asked
"I told him."
"Told who, what?"
"I told Jim what I was doing to make a living."
"Oh..."
"You were right, I had to tell him sometime but once I told him he immediately felt far away. I kept you and the cathouse out of the conversation. I just told him the basics and he sat there staring at me and all he said was, 'I'll have to think about this,' and he left the restaurant."
"I'm sorry, Lana."
"Why did I think he was going to scoop me up in his arms and tell me he loved me no matter what?"
"Because we all seek love that sees through to the essence of who we are but Jim got stuck on the prostitution. I think that's human nature. Most men have some idyllic picture of the girl they'd like to marry. Life, as you and I know, can be way more complicated than that."
"I know, I just..."
"Well he hasn't rejected you..."
"Yet."
"He wants to think about it. Maybe he'll surprise you. By the way, how do you manage dates? Does he pick you up here?"
"So far, I've met him somewhere for every date and I've followed him back to his place a couple times. I'm sure he wonders where I live."
Standing next to the desk Henry extended his arms to her, "Come here, girl."
She came to his embrace and he held her while she sobbed. "You're gonna be alright and you know that. If it's not Jim it will be someone who appreciates what a wonderful person you are."
She cried harder but little by little she calmed and looked at him, "Thanks, Henry."
"You're welcome, now get in there and fuck somebody's brains out!"
She laughed and left to her bedroom.
While Henry got his desk in order Edgar appeared silently at the hallway entrance and stood with his hands clasped in front of him. Noticing but ignoring him, Henry answered some calls and texts, generally getting the day's customers in order.
Edgar stood there like a palace guard for about 15 minutes before Henry said, "What do you need, Edgar?"
"Just waiting assignment, sir."
"Your assignment is the same as yesterday, you sit by the backdoor and greet customers and bring them to me. After that, help out whenever asked by me or the girls."
"So if, like yesterday, sir, a customer wants me to watch or participate then I should do that?"
"Ahhhh......ya, I heard about that. Yes, I suppose so but only if one of the girls says it's okay. And by the way, relax, this isn't the army and you don't have to call me sir."
"Yes sir. Just want to keep this a top notch operation."
"Okay, sure, whatever..."
Candy popped in the room, "You wanted to see me?"
"Yes, I've got these guys, four of them in their early twenties, that want to start their bachelor party here by buying their buddy an hour and then finishing the night at a strip club. They want to stay in the room and cheer him on which is a little weird but they don't have enough money for a gangbang. They described the bride and she sounds physically a little like you so I'm asking if you'd be interested?"
"When?"
"Tomorrow night at seven and either me or Edgar will be here to watch over things. Good thing is they won't be drunk yet and they agreed to doubling your fee since they're technically voyeurs. What do you think?"
"Sure, as long as I'm not here alone."
"I really want to," said a saddened Edgar, "but I don't think Jean will let me stay over here that late without a good excuse. Plumbing emergency?"
"No, don't worry about it I'm the one who should be here," said a reluctant but stoic Henry. "Abby and I can start our Friday date night a little later. I'll remind you tomorrow, Candy, but the groom's name is Charlie."
I'll wear my 'just married' negligée," she said giggling.
"Sounds perfectly wholesome, Candy."
She began laughing harder and it got louder as she went upstairs. Lana came bolting out of her room, "Could you mood killers knock it off! I'm riding my customer to a beautiful finish then the cackling starts and he says, 'Wonder what's so funny.'"
"Sorry, Lana, Edgar gets a little loud."
"Me?!"
Lana stormed off to her room..."Sorry baby, where were we?..."
As the door shut Edgar said, "What was that?!?!"
"That, Edgar, was the sound of you doing a good deed. She'd be inclined to be pissed off at Candy for a week but thinking it was you, it'll just wash off by four o'clock."
"Oh...where'd you learn that?"
"Always taking mental notes my friend, mental notes. Edgar, please resume your post at the back door. Oh, and let Abigail know her one o'clock is on his way over and to dress appropriately."
"Yes, sir!" and he saluted.
"Oh god, stop doing that."
"Yes sir!"
Abigail's customer was collectively known as Mr. Dolled Up. It was how she felt when she was with him. He asked for two specific things, a role play of Abby's choice and that she be fully clothed so he could undress her. Abigail suspected that he always wanted to play with dolls and now, because of Abby's diminutive stature, he could. He was so tender and playful she liked it when he came.
Abigail kept 8 or 9 costumes on hand for role play customers. In Mr. Dolled Up's case he changed his name for every role play so no one knew which one was real. He used Mr. Johnson to make his appointments.
Right on time, Edgar brought him to Henry. "Hello, Mr. Johnson, so nice to have you back. Once we settle finances Edgar will take you up. She's looking forward to seeing you."
"Really? That's nice to hear," he said, "I'm nuts about her and I'd come every day if I had the money."
"Edgar? Escort the gentleman."
Edgar gently rapped on the door. She opened it wearing a flight attendant uniform and greeted him with, "Welcome aboard Air Abigail, Flight 657, let me show you to your first class seat, mister...?"
"Davidson," he said."
She had slid a small recliner from the wall into the middle of the room. "Here's your seat, Mr. Davidson. My name is Barbie."
Her name, at his request, was always Barbie.
"It seems we're traveling light today. You're the only one in first class. Can I get you a cocktail?"
"No thanks, everything I might need is standing right in front of me."
"Oh?" she said innocently.
"You're a very pretty girl."
"Thank you, sir."
"I have to tell you that I have a little fear of flying so if there's anything you could do to help me relax I'd appreciate it."
Barbie looked around for others, "Well, sir, there doesn't seem to be anyone else boarding so...maybe I could suck your cock?"
"That would help a lot, Barbie."
Rarely passing up a chance to watch Abby in action, Henry had the monitor on and his ear pods in so he could hear everything and still conduct business if necessary. He was getting hard as she worked his impressive member.
"That's it, Barbie. Use that tongue. Ohhhhhh yaaaaa, that's nice."
She popped his dick out of her mouth like opening a bottle of champagne, "Are you feeling better, Mr. Davidson?"
"Waaayyyy better, but you know what calms me even more is to take an attendant's clothes off and fuck her. Would that be something you could help me with, Barbie?"
"I don't know, sir. I don't want to get caught and lose my job."
Half listening to her trepidation he turned her around and unzipped her skirt, slipping it slowly down the luscious curve of her rear. Turning her back he removed her scarf and unbuttoned her while blouse, each button a sexier reveal. Barbie bit her lower lip and could feel the heat rising between her legs.
"You have a beautiful body, Barbie," he said as she posed in her lingerie, heels and a little blue cap with wings crowning her pinned up coif.
"Other men have told me that too."
"You've done this with a lot of men?"
"Only if they were gentlemen like you."
He ran his hands sensually over her, causing her to moan, "Oh Mr. Davidson..."
When Henry had the monitor system set up he had the audio work both ways. For what reason he wasn't sure but now seemed like a good time. In his best nasally intercom voice, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain. Welcome to Air Abigail, Flight 657. Please keep your cock in the upright position and prepare your flight attendant for uniform take off."
Both of them laughed and he unclasped her bra, sliding it deliberately over her nipples in a way that made her gasp.
Henry took hold of his stiff cock.
Davidson's hands cupped her perfectly proportioned breasts and then he dragged his fingertips down her waist, meeting the sides of her black ribboned panties which were also taken to the floor.
He stood up from his chair, "Bend over and show me that Barbie ass."
Henry was stroking it hard as his girlfriend took the customer's shaft from behind.
Davidson, who had been so gentle with her, was now railing on her pussy so hard her flight cap flew off and she orgasmed. He gripped a big chunk of her wavy blonde hair and jerked her head back.
"Oh fuck." Henry climaxed against the drawer of his oft abused desk.
"Eat my cum, Barbie," and she swung around to receive him. She put his cock completely in her mouth and swallowed his load. He helped her up and kissed her, tasting his own cum.
"Abigail, you're amazing. Tell me you're single."
"Sorry. I love fucking you but I have a boyfriend I love even more."
"Can't say I'm surprised. Disappointed but not surprised. He must be a great guy to have someone like you."
"He is."
On his way down and out the back he passed sentry, Edgar, "That girl is lightning in a bottle."
Soon a disheveled Abby in a robe passed Edgar and danced into the greeting room.
"Well how was I? Let me see, where is it?" she said looking at Henry's side of the desk. "There it is!! Oh, Henry, you were excited...look at the mess you made!" She sat on his lap, "Did you like it when he stuck his big dick in me?" she asked in a sexy voice.
"Yes, baby."
"God, I love it when you get turned on watching me. It makes me want to go further!"
"I'm glad you enjoy it. I couldn't help but notice though that he wanted to ask you out."
Abby smiled and put two fingers to her lips, "Hmmm, do I detect a bit of jealousy?"
"Maybe a little, but you might have wanted to say yes but didn't because I was listening."
"Did you hear what I said to him?"
"Yes."
"Did it sound like I wanted to go out with him?
"No."
"You know, Henry, if I didn't know better I'd think you were having your period."
"I know, I know, sorry, I was having one of those moments."
***
Later the next afternoon...
"I forgot to tell you, Abby. I've got to stay at the cathouse until eight because Candy's entertaining a guy and his four friends as part of a bachelor party and I can't leave her alone."
"I'll go home and change and come back to stay with you here and then we'll go out. Not a problem."
"Sounds great."
***
As it approached 6:45, Candy appeared in the hallway wanting comments on her lingerie. "Well, what do you think?"
"You look ready for your wedding night," said Henry.
"Good lord, Candy, he's going to want to marry you instead of his fiancé," said Abigail.
There was a knock on the door and Candy hustled back upstairs, "All hands on deck!"
Henry greeted the guys in and they settled the financial end. "Okay, gents, let me show you to Candy's bedroom."
"This is all for you, Charlie." "Have fun because this is the last pussy you're going to see."
Charlie was nervous but excited, "C'mon guys."
Opening the door Henry announced, "This is Candy."
"Oh fuck, is she hot!" said the best man. "Holy crap, what a babe," said another of the groomsmen.
The groom took one step in the door...
"Candace?"
"Charlie?"
They just stood with their mouths open until Charlie went to her and they kissed and he wrapped her up in his arms.
"Fuck her, Charlie, she wants it." "Ya, Charlie, drill this chick."
"I didn't know where you went," Charlie told her.
"I had to leave. My parents wanted me making money. I loved you Charlie but I was embarrassed. I've never gotten over you."
"I still love you, Candace, I always will."
"What in the hell's going on?" asked the best man to anybody.
"Listen, Mark, could I meet you guys at the strip club? I just want to be alone with Candy right now?"
The group of stunned potential voyeurs filed out of the room, "We're going to the strip club, right?" "What just happened?" When the group got to the greeting room, Henry gave them half the fee back, "Sorry guys," and they left.
Charlie swept the tears from Candy's eyes and they sat on the end of the bed holding one another, her head on his chest.
"But you're getting married," she said.
"I'm calling it off. You don't know how long I looked for you after you disappeared."
"Charlie, you don't want me now, I'm a prostitute."
"I don't care...look at me! I don't care, I love you. I've always loved you and now I have a chance to be with you again...unless you have a boyfriend or you're married or you don't want me...?"
"No, I love you. It has been the greatest sadness of my life to lose you."
"Candy..." and they deeply kissed, not one of lust but one of passion. He held her tightly as she sobbed, tears of loss and happiness.
Abby was crying as she watched Henry's monitor. "I think we can go, Henry."
***
In the morning when Henry went over to start the day he checked in on Candy and she and Charlie were still lying on the bed, fully clothed and talking.
About half an hour later Henry heard the backdoor close and Candy came bounding into the greeting room. "Henry!! I can't believe it! We talked all night!! I thought I'd never see him again!"
"I'm so happy for you, Candy. It sounds like something special."
"Oh yes it is. I moved with my family from another town and then I met Abby and Ginger but it was dumb luck that he came here last night."
"Maybe the luck was not so dumb."
"I guess so. He'd be married tomorrow if he hadn't found me."
"What's he going to do now?"
"He's got to tell everyone, his fiancé, his parents, everyone, that the wedding's off."
"Do you think he can do that? That's a lot of pressure on a person."
"I hope so, Henry, I hope so..."
"Me too, my wonderful friend. How about I make an excuse to your appointments today so you can take the time off?"
"No, if I don't work today I'll just be anxious and it will be that much harder waiting."
Okay, you've got a one o'clock with Mr. Softly Hard and a three o'clock with a guy who just texted me."
"Thanks, I'll wait upstairs."
Mr. Softly Hard was an older guy who just adored Candy but needed the help of the little blue pill and a hot young girl to do the deed and sometimes even that failed him. Candy was so sweet and patient with him he never left her room without getting off. Once he was inside her he was good to go but it was the road there that got a little bumpy.
This afternoon he was at full capacity and doing her in his favorite doggy position.
"Fuck me good, daddy."
"I'm cumming, Candy...oh girl, I'm cumming..."
He liked to leave his handiwork on her rear and then after admiring it he would carefully clean her up. Considering he was using her pussy for a pitstop like every other man he was surprisingly attentive. After sex he always asked if she was okay. Candy always laughed and said she was fine.
On this day Candy's response to his question was subdued and he immediately asked her what was wrong.
She told him the entire story and began to cry. He put his arm around her and said, "I have the feeling that if this is love as you described, it will come to pass. But what he's trying to do is terribly hard so be patient because a lot of people will think he failed them. And if he doesn't do it he will feel he failed you and himself."
Days passed slowly...