It was Sunday morning. I just woke up and I had as a message from Kara. I'd been buried at work and hadn't talked to her for 3 days. Kara is my BFF. My name is Lisa and I'm 19 years old.
She asked me what I'd been doing and I told her a work project and that I was sorry to be out of it for so long. She started telling me about what was going on. We chatted for a while and then she invited me over. I never said no when she invited me. I liked hanging out with her. I said yes and we made plans. I felt relieved for the return of my normal life.
I got out of bed to get dressed. Normally I would just throw on Jeans and a T shirt. After all, I was just going to Kara's house. I go all the time. Today I stopped and thought. I looked in my closet. As I did I started thinking.
Kara lived at home. She had a younger brother who was 18. I'm 5'2", 110 lb, 36c, with dark brown hair down the middle of my back. I always catch him checking me out. He follows me around like a puppy dog. He's an A student, very smart, but I didn't think he had much experience with girls. I'd never heard of him dating.
I remembered that Kara once said she'd even caught her father checking me out. We always joke that I should flash them my tits and see what happens.
I admit I liked the attention and after working so hard I was feeling flirty and a bit of I want to go wild.
Just as we joked about her family checking me out. I would point out that her younger brother was always trying to peep on her. Kara was 19, gorgeous, 5' 7", 125lbs. She had dark skin and dark hair. There was some Hispanic in her. She had a high firm ass and great tits. She'd just laugh and say she'd caught him looking. She even once told me she caught her father looking down her shirt. He had turned bright red and turned away.
I figured I was just going over there. If they were going to check me out I should look good. I grabbed a short denim skirt. It barely covered my ass. I found a fitted white button down top and one of my sexiest bras. It was pink, push-up and barely covered my nipples. Last I added a cute pink thong, I wore sneakers. I wanted to look casual.
I put the outfit on. I looked hot. You could see the bra through the shirt, but that was OK in today's casual styles. If I bent over a little my ass started to come into view. I left enough buttons unbuttoned so I was showing cleavage.
I jumped in my car. I noticed as I did my skirt slid up and my panties were showing. I thought it would be fun to get stopped by a cop. Then I wondered if Kara's brother or father were home. I found myself hoping they were.
Kara's brother answered the door. At 18 he was cute. He was also awestruck. He just stood there blinking. I knew he had a crush on me, but this was adorable. Finally I said, "Can I come in."
He moved out of the way and tried to stammer something. It was funny. Kara came down the stairs. She looked at me and then at her brother.
She laughed and said to me, "What are you trying to do, kill him?"
I laughed. Her brother told her to drop dead and ran out of the room.
Kara looked at me again and said, "What's with the outfit?"
I replied that I thought I'd give her brother a treat.
She laughed and said, "Well, everyone's home, so I'm sure you're going to get attention in that."
Everyone. Oops, I forgot about Kara's mom. I mean she was cool, but I had no idea how'd she react. Then again, I'd seen her dress to go out. 5'6" maybe 140, but she was built and knew how to show it off when she wanted too.
I walked into the house. Mom and Dad were in the living room.
Dad was the first to see me. At first he just stared. Then he said, "Hi Lisa, haven't seen you all weekend, how have you been."
Lisa's mom turned to look at me. I answered her Dad. "I'm doing great Mr. H. I've been buried in a work project."
"Hi Mrs. H," I said.
"Hi Lisa. Don't you look hot today. Whose heart are you trying to break, or catch. I pity him."
"No one special," I replied. "I've just bed cooped up so long I wanted to dress up a bit."
"Well," she said, "judging from Ricky's reaction, you've succeeded."
I looked where she looked. Kara's brother was just standing there staring.
His face flushed, and he said, "Mommmm!!"
I walked over to him. I'm only 5'2", he was taller. I knew when he looked at me he could look right down my cleavage.
I smiled at him and said, "It's ok Ricky. I'm flattered you think I'm pretty. Any girl would be happy with attention from someone as sweet as you."
I kissed him on the cheek. He just blushed.
Mrs H said to me, "classy." Referring to how I handled Ricky.
Kara said, "Let's go up to my room."
I don't think anyone realized Ricky was right at the bottom of the stairs. As I followed Kara up he was watching me. I was pretty sure he could see up my skirt. Just for fun I dropped my phone. As I bent over to get it, turned, looked at Ricky, and blew him a kiss. I'm pretty sure my entire ass was on display. I thought to myself that left him with masturbation fantasies for years to come.
Kara and I went to her room. Nothing special. Just girl talk. After about an hour I wanted a coke. I asked Kara if she wanted one. She said sure. So I got up to go downstairs and get them.
Mr and Mrs H were still in the living room. The couch had a view of the kitchen. A dirty thought crossed my mind. I thought about Kata and my joke about flashing her dad too.
As I walked past them I said, "Just getting some cokes."
I went to the cabinet to get some glasses. At 5'2" I had to reach. I could feel the air on my ass as my skirt pulled up.
Then I went to get some ice. The ice maker was in the bottom freezer. I bent over to fill the glasses. I was sure they both got a good look at my ass.
I filled the glasses with coke and headed back upstairs. As I walked past them, Mr H tried not to look at me, but Kara's mom just smiled.
"Got everything you need?" she said.
"Yes thank you," I responded.
I headed back up to Kara's room. I told her what happened.
"Well aren't you the little slut," she said.
I told her it was kind of exciting to be checked out like that. We talked for a while longer. Mrs H asked if I wanted to stay for dinner.
We all sat at the table. Mr. H on one side of me, Ricky on the other. I knew that by looking down they could both see my panties. Mr H was about 6' and certainly got a great view of my cleavage. They both spent dinner trying to not get caught looking. Kara noticed. I'm pretty sure Mrs. H did too.
Dinner was nice. I really like Kara's family and the added sensation of showing off just added to the fun.
After dinner Kara and I went back up to her room.
"Wow, my dad was really checking you out," said Kara.
"I noticed," I said. "It kind of turned me on."
"I gotta admit, it looked fun," she replied," I was kind of jealous.
We hung out a bit more and it was getting to be time to go. We said our goodbyes and I headed downstairs to let myself out. Mrs. H was still in the living room. I said goodnight.
Mrs. H. came over to me. She took my hands and kissed me on the forehead. She'd never done that before. Then she whispered softly in my ear. "Great ass. If you got it, flaunt it." She then lightly kissed my earlobe.
I was stunned. I stammered, "Thank you."
She laughed and said, "Don't be a stranger. We'd like to see more of you. Lots more."
With that I left. I got in my car and took a deep breath. I could not believe she said that.
I had just got home from work the next day when Kara texted me. I replied.
"Hi"
"OMG, OMG, OMG"
"What happened?"
Kara told me that after we talked. She decided to get a coke. She told me she heard the TV downstairs. She usually sleeps in just a big oversized T. She said she'd been thinking about what I did to Ricky and her dad and that nobody'd seen her ass in a while. So she threw on a T that just barely covered her ass. When she got downstairs Ricky was watching TV. When he saw her he couldn't stop looking. She said it made her feel kind of sexy.
She said went to the fridge. She could tell Ricky was watching her. The urge just came over her. She bent way over. To get something out of the Fridge. Her T shirt slid way up and her ass was completely showing. Then she remembered she wasn't wearing panties.
"LOL. you slut"
"I know! But it just felt so wrong and so hot. I liked it"
"LOL. yep, sounds slutty to me. I love it!"
Kara told me she stayed like that for a second and then turned and saw Ricky staring. She thought he'd look away.
"I think he was so shocked he was mesmerized."
"LOL. wouldn't doubt it. You have a great ass. Probably the first pussy he ever saw"
"Yeah, no doubt
She went on that since he was staring she looked back at him and, still bending over a bit, put her fingers to get lips and said Shhhhhh.
She then stood up to go back upstairs.
As she walked by Ricky watched her. When she got close he said, "Kara. You are so beautiful."
It was so sweet. He was looking at me with these big puppy dog eyes."
She kissed him on the forehead, thanked him, and told him that was sweet.
"That was kinda sweet," replied.
"Yeah, I thought so."
She went on. It was so sweet that when she got to the bottom of the stairs she stopped to look at him. She said "promise you won't tell?"
He promised
She pulled her T shirt up to her waist and turned around for him.
"LOL. OK, that is slutty. But sounds fun."
She told me it was. Ricky just said he loved her and she went upstairs.
"I can't believe how hot, and sweet, it was."
"Sounds it. Bet he'd die if we did it together."
She LOLed. We chatted a bit more. Then said good night
After that I watched some TV, and then I went to my room to climb into bed. I lay down, closed my eyes, I started thinking about my conversation with Kara. I fingered myself to orgasm thinking of Kara and Ricky, and fell asleep.
That Tuesday after work, as I usually did, I picked up my iPad and texted Kara.
"Hey Slut. Lol. Whatcha doing."
"You would not believe what happened."
"What?
She told me that after everyone had gone to bed last night Ricky knocked on her door. She opened it. He had this shy little kid look on his face. She asked him if everything was alright and he said yeah. Then she asked him if he needed anything.
"What did the cute little perv want?"
She told me he was looking at the ground and said, "Can I see your butt again?"
"LOL. he is a little perv."
"I know. But it was kinda cute"
"Yeah, It is. what'd ya do?"
Kara said she kissed him on the forehead and told him to go sit on the bed. She was still dressed from the day. She told him if he promised not to tell he could watch her change.
"LOL. you are a slut. Sounds fun!"
"I know. I couldn't believe I was doing this."
"So, tell me everything. What were you wearing."
Kara told me she was wearing a skirt and top.
"That all?"
"No, I was wearing underwear."
"I said tell me everything. Details girl. Details."
"LOL. OK OK."
She said she was wearing a lacy white thong and matching bra. She got back to her story.
He promised not to tell and sat on the bed. He had his hands folded on his lap. He looked like he was sitting in church. She realized he was trying to hide his erection.
She turned on some music and decided to tease him a bit. She stood facing him and slowly unzipped her skirt. It fell to the floor. She stepped out of it and slowly turned around showing off her ass. She could see his hard on through his pajamas it was too big to cover with his hands.
She then pulled her top off and threw it at him. He grabbed it and used it to cover his crotch.
She reached to undo her bra. It was a front clasp one. She stopped went over to him and said , "You do it."
"OMG, he must have died."
"He just stared at me."
Finally she convinced him it was ok. He reached out, fumbled with the clasp, and finally got it undone. She had her hands over the cups so it didn't show her tits.
She stood up and said, "ready?"
He nodded and she let the bra fall off her shoulders to the floor.
She cupped her tits with her hands and said, "Have you ever seen tits before?"
He just stammered something
"LOL. you tease"
"I know, but it was so much fun I couldn't help myself."
"I could have watched."
"Who you kidding. You wou would have undressed me."
"True. Don't stop! Then what."
Then she turned her back to him and slid her thong slowly over her ass and let them fall to the floor.
As she did he groaned and then said "oh no!"
"Oh no?"
"Yup, the poor kid came on my top. LOL"
"LOL"
He started to apologize. She told him it was OK and that sometimes girls found it flattering when boys couldn't control themselves. Here she was naked and comforting him.
She told him it was time to go. He better clean up and go to bed. He nodded and got up to leave. She picked her thong up off the floor and asked him if he wanted to take them with him. He just nodded. She handed them to him, kissed his cheek, pushed him out the door and shut it.
"OMG. that is so hot," I replied
"That is so wrong."
"LOL. I know that's what makes it hot."
The next day was crazy at work. I didn't get home till late. I got online. Kara messaged me.
"You are a bad influence."
"LOL, I know. What happened."
"Well little perv came to my room last night. He looks so pathetic. I told him he could watch me change again. This time while watching me change he pulled out his cock and started jacking off. I was shocked he was so brave. Plus he had like a 7 or 8" cock.
"Wow, that's pretty cool! I wonder how big your dads is."
"Let me finish. So I undress while he jacks off. Then I give him my panties and send him to his room. I got to admit. I was a little tempted to help him. LOL."
"Naughty Naughty!"
"Oh yeah, like little miss show him all, wouldn't be tempted."
"Tempted? Hell yeah, hey, I'd even watch you. :)"
" :). OK. anyways. You know I always sleep in a big T shirt."
"Yeah."
"Well lately I've been sleeping in shorter ones. It's fun. Ricky and dad would look at me as I went to the kitchen or something. Mom saw it yesterday and said. 'A little short isn't it?' I just told her I was comfy. She said, 'well, you do look cute'."
"That's pretty cool."
"But that's not all. So the other day I go downstairs to get something to drink. Dads in the living room. I remembered flashing Ricky and how fun it was. I said, 'hi daddy.' as I walked by. Then I went to the fridge, bent way over to put ice in my glass. I knew he could see my ass and pussy."
"You are turning into a slut. I like it."
"I know. Somehow I think it's your fault, but I'm loving it. Anyway. As I'm bending over Dad says, 'Have told you lately how pretty you are?' I just stayed bent over and looked at him and said, 'no, that's so sweet of you.' I then stood and faced him. Yawned and stretched my arms over my head. My pussy was totally showing."
"OMG. What did he do?"
"He asked why a pretty girl like me didn't have a boyfriend. I went over and sat on his lap. He's in a pair of soft shorts. My bare ass was right on his lap. I hugged him and said, 'Because no one compares to you.' I could feel his cock getting hard. I wiggled my ass on it kissed him goodnight and ran to my room."
"OK that is hot. Hell. I'd sit on his lap too. We should do a sleep over."
"Totally," Kara said.
When I got home Thursday Kara wanted to know if I wanted to come over. I said OK and just drove over in my work clothes.
Today I had worn one of my sexier outfits. All this talk with Kara was making me feel a little wild. It was a wrap dress of a clingy material. When tied it crossed my tits and you could see my cleavage and bra. If you looked you could make out my nipples. The bottom of the wrap opened about 2" below my pussy. Sitting at my desk it had completely fell to the sides and showed my panties and a bit of belly.
I am admin help in a small office. I sit behind a desk all day. No one could see. It felt kind of hot knowing I was exposed and no one could see. I wondered what Kara would say.
I let myself in. Kara's mom was in the living room.
"Hi Mrs. H," I said.
She turned looked at me and said, "Hi Lisa, isn't that a sexy dress."
I knew it was, but I played it off. "Just something I wear to work," I said.
"Well, it's adorable," she said. "Kara's in her room." Then she laughed and said "Don't let Ricky see you in that dress, he'll probably have a heart attack and die."
I laughed and went up to Kara's room.
"Some dress," she said.
"Like it," I responded.
"Yeah, I do. You'll have to let me borrow it someday."
"Your 4" taller than me. Your pussy and ass would be hanging out,"
"So?" She said.
We laughed and started talking. I was sitting on the bed. Just like in the car my dress parted and my panties were showing. Kara noticed, called me a slut and we laughed. We spent some time hanging out. All of a sudden her brother knocks on the door.
Kara told him to come in. He came in and was surprised to see me there. He then noticed my panties were showing. He turned red and looked away.
Kara said, "what's up."
He stammered, "Never mind. I'll talk to you later."
Kara said, "It's Ok, what's going on."
At this point she knew what he wanted and was just teasing him. He looked so cute. Between looking at me, being 18, and wanting to see his sister naked. It was just adorable.
"Come on in," Kara said. "I've got a surprise for you."
He came in the room.
I was sitting on the bed. Kara told me to come over to her. I got up and stood near her and her brother. Next thing I knew Kara was reaching for the tie on my dress. If she untied it, the dress would fall apart. I'd basically be in my bra and panties. I could have stopped her but the idea turned me on. I let her pull the string. My dress fell open. I was standing there in a matching bra and a really small see through pair of a cross between boy shorts and bikini panties.
Ricky's mouth dropped open.
I pulled the dress back, so could see better, and put my hands on my hips. "Happy" I asked?
He nodded.
I said to Kara, "I better be going."
I looked at Ricky standing there just afraid to move.
I said, "I've got something for you." I slowly wiggled out of my panties and handed them to him. I then tied my dress back up.
Kara just smiled at me and mouthed, "You're such a slut."
She then scooted Ricky out of her room.
"I bet he jacks off with those for a month," she said.
"That's gross," I said. "We will have to keep bringing him new ones."
I let myself out and headed home. It was about 10 and I went to my room. I climbed into bed. My fingers reached for my pussy. I realized that I fingered myself to sleep every night for the last few nights. I think that was more than the last 2 months. I smiled, and did it again.
Saturday Kara texted me and asked me if I wanted to hang out. She said her mom wasn't home. I told her I had to shower and would be over after.
I jumped in the shower thinking about the stuff that had been happening. I grabbed the shower massage and brought myself to a nice orgasm. I then dried off and went to my room to change and grab clothes.
I decided to wear a short white sundress to Kara's. It was a shirt dress and buttoned all the way up the front. I buttoned only the essential buttons. The dress was a gauzy material. With the light behind it, it was barely there. I put a yellow thong on under it. You could see the contrast. I grabbed a pair of tiny boy shorts panties and short tank top to sleep in.
I jumped in my car and headed to Kara's. I let myself in. Her dad was in the living room watching a game.. "Hi Mr H. "Where's Kara?"
"I think she's up in her room." Then he added, "Love the dress."
"Thanks," I said. "What are you up to?"
"Watching the game with friends. Rhonda is out of town."
I looked past him. There were 2 guys sitting in the living room. They were watching the game, but right now they were looking at me and Mr. H.
That gave me an idea. I did a quick turn letting the dress flair out. "You don't think it's too sexy?" I asked. I knew he saw my panties as I spun.
"No, I don't think it's too sexy. I think most men would love to see you in that or something sexier. Hell, they'd love to see you naked."
I kissed him on the cheek and said, "Never know."
I went upstairs to find Kara. She was In her room playing on her tablet."
We chatted like girls, and hung out. We decided to go downstairs and watch the game. .
Kara looked at me and said, "Dad's going to love that dress."
I told her he already saw it and did love it.
She said it figured. Then she said, "Well if you're going to look so hot, I should too."
She started going through her closet. I heard her say, "perfect."
She turned around holding a white dress it looked like a long white tank top. She pulled her clothes off and slid the dress over her head. It did not hide anything. It clung to every curve of her body like a second skin. Her Dark nipples were almost visible. It barely covered her ass.
"Nice," I said. "No panties?"
"No panty lines," she laughed.
She then walked up to me. She unbuttoned one button from the top and one from the bottom. The top gaped open to where it just hid my nipples. When I walked my yellow thong was clearly visible.
I reminded Kara her Dad was downstairs and that he was watching TV with friends.
She giggled and told me they were work friends and one was about 21 and cute. I wondered how dad would feel seeing his daughter dressed like this in front of friends. I said that I'd be scared they'd try to fuck her in front of her dad.
Kara laughed and in an exaggerated funny voice said, "Oh no, that would be horrible."
We headed down the stairs. Mr. H saw us first. "Hi girls, what's up?"
"Nothing," Kara said. "We figured we'd come down and watch the game with you, if you guys don't mind."
"Don't mind at all," said Mr H.
I could tell he noticed how we were dressed, but he didn't say a thing. The other guys turned around to look. They kinda stared. As we walked into the living room Mr. H introduced us.
"Hey guys, this is my daughter Kara and her friend Lisa."
Truthfully, I don't remember the guys names.
If Mr. H. Was concerned about how we were dressed he didn't say anything. In fact he seemed kind of proud.
"They came down to watch the game with us."
The 2 friends on the couch moved over and made room for me in the middle. Mr H patted the arm of his chair and told Kara there was enough room for both of them.
I went to sit down. I'm sure as I bent over to sit both guys saw at least 1/2 my ass. When I sat the unbuttoned dress gaped and my panties were clearly on display. I just pretended I didn't notice.
Kara sat 1/2 on her dad's lap 1/2 on the arm of the chair leaning against her dad. That meant her ass was facing us. He put his arm around her resting on the arm of the chair. His hand landed at her thigh right at the hem of her dress. His fingers played with it.
As we watched the game I noticed he was slowly pulling the hem up bit by bit. I knew where he was sitting he couldn't see her ass. So if he was doing it on purpose it was to show his friends. The dress had ridden so high you could see 1/2 her ass.
I noticed the guys sitting on the couch with me. They weren't sure where to look. I think they forgot about the game and were only watching us.
I asked if anyone wanted a drink. All the guys said they'd have a beer. I got up to get them. Again when I got up I'm sure I flashed 1/2 my ass. When I opened the fridge, the beers were on the bottom shelf. I smiled to myself. I bent over straight legged and grabbed 3. I knew for sure my ass was completely exposed to all of them.
I brought the beers into the room. When I gave each guy their beer I bent over. They each got a very clear view of my tits down my top. I sat back down. Kara gave me a quick wink.
Then she said to me. "You didn't get yourself anything. I'm going to get a Diet Coke. Want one?"
I said, "Sure."
Kara climbed off the chair. She made no move to adjust her dress. It had slid 1/2 way up her ass and her pussy was exposed. Everyone looked. She pretended not to notice. Her dad was behind her and could only see her ass. She turned to him and asked him if he wanted anything else. Now, he also could see her pussy was exposed.
He just smiled at her and said, "No, I'm all set thanks."
Kara got us 2 glasses. She reached to an upper cabinet. There were some in the lower cabinet shelf, but she stretched for the top letting her dress slide higher. She then pulled out the freezer drawer. With her legs slightly apart she bent over to get ice for the glasses. That did it. Her dress slid completely up over her ass. We could see her pussy and ass perfectly. She stood up. Back still to us, ass exposed, she put the glasses on the counter and filled them. She put the coke back in the fridge, picked up the glasses, and turned to us. Glass in each hand.
It was only then, as she walked towards us, did she pretend to notice her dress.
"Oh my god! I'm so sorry," she said.
The 2 friends mumbled something about it's ok and no worries. She quickly handed me my coke and tried to readjust the dress with one hand. Her dad held out his hand. She handed him the drink and pulled her dress down. Well almost down. She still had a bit of ass showing. She climbed back up on the arm leaning into her dad. His hand went back around her to the hem of her dress. This time it was obvious he was slowly pulling it up. He didn't stop till her ass was completely exposed and the dress almost around her waist. Then he rested his hand on her ass. She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek.
He looked at her, and in a soft voice, pretending we were not supposed to hear, said, "no panties?"
She shrugged and said, "No panty lines."
I giggled.
I am not sure the guys watched the rest of the game. We kept getting up and doing stuff. They'd watch us.
When the game ended we finally went up to Kara's room. We giggled, laughed, called each other slut, and reviewed our antics and their reactions. I commented that her dad seemed to enjoy it. Actually seemed proud of her.
"I know," she said. "I thought I was going to cum every time he pulled my dress up when I sat down. I was afraid when I stood up you'd see my pussy juice on my thighs. And his hand on my ass. Did you see that."
We giggled and chatted more. Her Dad called us for dinner. We got up to go. Kara looked at me and said, "No way."
No way what? I thought.
She grabbed my thong and pulled it off me. I stepped out of it. "That's better," she said. We both giggled.
Mr. H was in the kitchen. He smiled when he saw us. "Well, you girls certainly impressed my friends today," he said.
We innocently asked what they'd said.
"They couldn't stop talking about how hot you are. By Monday I'm sure everyone at work will know how hot my daughter and her friend are."
"Uh oh," said Kara, obviously worried. "Is that a bad thing?"
"Nah," said her Dad. "One's married, and no one would believe them anyway. But it's true. You girls sure are hot."
We thanked him.
He looked at me and said, " I see you lost the panties."
I giggled and told him his daughter made me. I asked if he wanted me to go put them back on.
"He laughed," and said. "No way, I love pussy." We all laughed and ate dinner.
"Where's Ricky'" I asked. The little perv was always around when I was here.
"He's at a friends house. He should back around 9-9:30," he answered.
We made small talk. Kara and I went upstairs. Around 9 we decided to go watch TV. Kara said let's get ready for bed first. Kara pulled on a short T shirt that barely covered her ass. I put on my T and little boy shorts. They also barely covered anything.
We walked into the living room. Ricky and Mr H were watching TV. We asked what they were watching. Ricky's mouth dropped open. He kept looking at his dad then us. Mr H acted like nothing was going on and told what they were watching.
Kara lay down on the floor in front of the couch. Her top pulled up and exposed her ass. I asked Ricky if I could sit on the couch with him. He nodded. I lay down on the couch and put my feet in his lap and asked if it was OK. He mumbled yes.
I think he forgot the TV was on. Between his sister's ass, my feet and panties, and his dad's non reaction. He had no idea what was going on.
I could feel his hard cock against my legs. I decided to tease him and rub my legs or feet against it every once in awhile. He got bold and started rubbing his hand up and down my leg. I couldn't believe he'd gotten so brave. He kept moving it slowly higher and higher waiting for me to react. The only reaction I made was to sigh, spread my legs a little, and place my leg on his cock so he knew I was doing it deliberately. I was wondering how far he'd go. I mean, he's 18, he must know something. Who knows.
I looked around. There was a throw on the floor near the couch. I asked Kara if she'd throw it to me. She rolled over, grabbed it and threw it to me. When she did her pussy was completely exposed. Ricky looked at his dad to see if there was a reaction. His dad just smiled and went back to the TV. I put the throw over my hips. Ricky's hands now started going a little higher. I put my fingers in the waistband of my panties, lifted my ass, and pushed them down as far as I could.
Ricky got the idea and pulled them the rest of the way off me. Knowing they were gone, he ran his hand right up to my pussy. I spread my legs to give him access. He was kind of clumsy and rough. I took his hand in mine to guide him. He was a quick learner and was soon fingering me just the way I like. I kept playing with his cock with my feet. I could feel myself starting to cum. Again I took his hand and guided it. I came, as I did I let out a loud moan. Mr. H and Kara turned to look at me.
Kara giggled.
Now I wanted to return the favor. I sat up, stretched and said out loud that my side hurt. I asked him if I could put my head in his lap. He nodded, again looking at his dad for a reaction. I turned around keeping covered with the blanket. I put my head in his lap. I then pulled my top up over my tits. I took his hands and again showed him how to touch them. Once he got the hang of it. I let go of his hands and slid mine to his lap. I could feel his hard cock.
As he played with my tits I rubbed his cock through his pants. It took about 3 minutes till I felt it spasm and felt his pants get wet under my face. I was surprised he lasted that long.
He looked around and said, "I better get to bed."
He walked around behind the couch keeping his back to us and went upstairs. Kara and her dad looked at me.
"What?" I asked.
Kara reached up and quickly pulled the throw away. I was on the couch exposed from my tits down.
Kara just laughed and said, "You are a slut."
"You're the one who taught him," I said.
Mr. H looked at me and said, "Nice tits."
Kara looked at him and said, "She does have nice tits, doesn't she."
He said, "Yes but I'm sure you do to."
She put on a little girl face, kneeled in front of him, looked at him, and said, "Daddy, would you like to see my tits?"
I unconsciously placed one hand on my tit and the other went down to my clit. I started playing with both. I watched Kara and her dad.
He was not shy. He reached down and pulled her shirt off her. She raised her arms to make it easy for him.
He reached out and caressed them. "I always thought they'd be beautiful," he said.
"Thought?" She asked. "Do you think about my tits a lot?"
"More than I'd like to admit."
She was still using her little girl voice. "What else does Daddy think about?" She pushed herself up so her face was in front of his. Her hands were on his thighs supporting her.
This was getting hotter and hotter. I spread my legs, lifted my knees and seriously started playing with myself.
His hands reached down and grabbed her ass. "I've always wanted to grab this sexy ass."
"Mmmmm, that feels good," she cooed.
Her hand fell to his lap. "Anything else daddy wants from his little girl?"
He just looked at her.
She started unbuttoning his pants "Anything? she said again. She starting pulling his zipper down. "Anything?" she repeated. She pulled his cock out. It was about 7". She breathed on the head, looked him in the eyes and in a husky voice said, "Anything you want."
He pushed her head down. She opened her lips and started sucking his cock. It was so sexy, so hot. I'd seen her naked before, but of course never saw her give a blow job. She was good at it. You could see her hands pumping his cock up and down and her saliva dripping down the sides.
I came. She heard me. She stopped, smiled at me and then started again. Her dad's head was back, eyes closed. His hand resting on the top of her head. She kept sucking him. All of a sudden he moaned. "Baby?" warning her he was going to cum.
She stopped for a second and said, "It's ok," and dropped her mouth back over his cock.
He started to cum. She got most of it in her mouth. Some sprayed on her tits. She turned to look at me. She smiled, opened her mouth to show me it was full of cum, and then swallowed.
I came again.
She brought her hands up to the cum on her tits, started rubbing it in, and said, again in her baby girl voice, "Look, daddy you made my tits all messy."
Then, she just stood up, announced it was bedtime, grabbed my hand and pulled me upstairs. At the bottom of the stairs she stopped. She looked at her dad sitting head back, eyes closed in his chair and said, "Night daddy."
We ran up the stairs giggling.
I woke up before Kara. I decided to go make coffee. I looked around to put something on but then thought, why bother. I left the room naked and started down the stairs. In a flash Ricky was behind me. He was cute. He was in his boxers. Lean and skinny.
He was real sweet and asked me how I was. I told him great and that I had fun last night.
"Me too," he said. "That was amazing."
I laughed and told him to remember what I taught him and that if he did he would make a lot of women happ. He thanked me over and over. He kept telling me how beautiful and amazing I was. I'm sure the fact that I was naked had nothing to do with the erection he was sporting under his boxers.
I told him he didn't have to thank me and that I had fun too.
I started the coffee and sat down. Ricky started asking me questions about sex. He was relating to stuff he'd seen on porn.
Porn I thought. Does everyone today watch porn on the Internet?
I answered his questions honestly as best I could. The idea of being the teacher to this cute kid was starting to turn me on. I kept looking at his erection inside his shorts. Kara had told me he had a nice cock. I didn't see it last night. I started to wonder what it felt like, tasted like.
Dammit! I thought. What was wrong with me? All I have been thinking of was sex. This wasn't really like me. Yet here I was, naked, staring at my best friend's, kid brother's cock and getting horny because being slutty was turning me on so much.
Even as I was thinking I shouldn't, I knew I was going to. I told Ricky I thought he was very sweet and he can't tell anyone about any of this.
He started swearing to me he would never do anything to hurt me. That he loved me like family. We discussed that I could never be his girlfriend. He was so sweet. He really understood that this was a gift.
I kissed him on the lips. Not a passionate kiss. A delicate one. I told him that being with him was naughty fun and I was loving it but I reminded him, I wouldn't be his girlfriend. That I was enjoying the attention of others.
He said he'd seen that kind of thing on the Internet and that he thought it was hot.
I kissed him again and said, "As long as we're clear, I have something for you."
I slid to my knees and pulled his boxers off. Kara was right. He did have a nice cock.
I took his cock in my hand. "Kara was right. You do have a nice cock."
"Really, she said that."
"Yup. She did. She liked watching you jack off. She actually likes that you wanted to see her naked. She enjoyed showing off for you. She'd do it anytime you asked."
I then took the head of his cock in my mouth. It was covered with pre-cum. It tasted sweet. He moaned.
He watched me intently as I sucked his cock. I loved it. I made a show of it. Licking the sides and tip as well as sucking on it.
I asked him how it felt.
"Amazing, " was all he said."
It took about 2 minutes and he erupted in my mouth. I swallowed every drop and said, "Mmmmmm good."
His cock stayed hard. In the back of my mind I thought of the stamina of young men. Well, if he was still hard, I was still going to blow him.
He heard someone coming down the stairs. He tried to get me to stop.
"Relax," I said.
He looked apprehensive as his dad walked in the kitchen.
Mr. H looked at us and said, "Well, that looks like fun." Then he asked Ricky, "Like it?"
Ricky stammered out a yes. I looked at him and said, "I told you so."
Mr. H stood there watching us. I started thinking how good his cock looked last night as Kara sucked it.
I looked at Ricky and said, "Watch this."
"Mr. H," I asked. "Are you enjoying looking at my ass?"
Mr H laughed and said, "A very sexy ass."
I wiggled my ass and said, "You could show me."
He didn't have to be told twice. He got on his knees behind me, lined his cock up against my pussy, and it slid right in.
He commented on how wet I was. He then asked Ricky if he felt how wet I was. Ricky said he did last night.
"Ahh," said Mr H. "That's what you were doing under the blanket. Good for you."
Ricky started to relax. He watched me. He watched his dad fuck me. He kept saying how hot and sexy I looked. On my part I kept telling Ricky how good his cock tasted and that it felt good being fucked while I sucked him. I felt my orgasm building. I groaned into Ricky's cock and came.
"I just came," I said. I then went back to work on his cock.
Just then Kara walked into the room. She was also naked. She just looked at us, laughed, and said, " Slut."
At that I came again.
Kara watched and said, "Dammit, now I'm getting horny." She started playing with her pussy.
I was starting to lose myself to being fucked. I was not doing Ricky's cock like I wanted. I looked at Kara and said, "Get your slutty little mouth over here and help.
She laughed. She knelt beside me and took Ricky's cock in her mouth. Ricky just looked amazed. I looked at him and said, "I bet if you're good you can fuck her later."
He looked at her and she nodded.
I started to get into being fucked. "That's it Mr H. Fuck me. Shove that cock in my cunt. I saw you stick it in your daughter's mouth last night. You're going to fuck her too. Aren't you. What's Mrs H going to say when she gets home."
I don't know why, but that one did it. He pulled out and came on my ass and back. The sticky cum on my ass reminded me that no one had ever fucked my ass. I came again. We watched Kara for 2 more minutes. Ricky started moaning and came in her mouth. She turned, kissed me, and shoved the cum in my mouth. We both had it dripping down our faces.
Ricky said, "This is much better than porn."
We all laughed.
I went upstairs, showered, and went home.
This was playoff season. Kara asked me if I wanted to come over the next Saturday night and watch the game. I thought about the last time. My pussy tingled. I said yes.
Saturday morning Kara texted me.
"Still coming tonight?"
"Yes."
"You'll never guess what happened last night," she texted
"What?"
"Mom and I are sitting in the kitchen reviewing snacks for tonight's game. We were just chatting when out of the blue she asks, 'If it's a game and we're serving, should we all wear something special? You know, give the guys a treat.'
"I was stunned. 'Like what?' I asked.
"'Team jerseys as dresses?' she suggested.
"I was stunned. I told her that sounded cool. She offered to go buy them. So I guess we have uniforms for tonight."
"OK," I said. "I'll grab some short running shorts to wear under it.
"Kinda what I figured too," she replied.
"OK, see you tonight."
I finished up for the day, ran home, showered and changed. I pulled on a tight short pair of running shorts, nothing underneath, and a top. I headed to Kara's.
Mr. H was sitting in the living room looking nervous. He looked at his wife, then me and said ,"Hi Lisa."
Mrs. H said hi and told me Kara was upstairs. I asked if I could help in the kitchen. Mrs. H said she was all caught up.
Ricky heard me come in, came running downstairs and gave me a huge hug. Mrs. H raised an eyebrow and said, "Hugs? That's new."
I answered that he was kinda cute so who could resist. She laughed and agreed he was kinda cute.
"Awe mom," said Ricky and ran back upstairs.
I headed to Kara's room. Mrs. H said she'd be right up. When I saw Kara she was in just a robe. She looked at my shorts and said, "that looks good, I'll go with that."
We hung out and waited for Mrs. H. Soon she came upstairs. She had a bag from the sports shop with her. It had 2 jerseys in it.
She looked at me and said, "I'm glad you decided to come. Everyone enjoyed the last game here so much he invited 4 other people."
I thought back. Including Kara's dad that's 7 guys. 8 with Ricky. The guys must have talked at work. I doubt anyone believed them but they must've wanted to see for themselves. I thought it was funny since Mrs. H was around, it was probably just going to be a game.
She reached in the bag and handed us each a team jersey. When she left we tried them on. She'd obviously paid attention to size. Both just, and I mean barely, covered our asses when we stood up. We were both wearing shorts so no big deal. The tops were v neck and loose. Neither of us was wearing a bra. If we bent forward you could easily see our tits.
Mrs. H came back to get us. She needed help in the kitchen. She just opened the door and called us. Then she looked at us and came in the room. We just stared wide mouthed. Mrs H's shirt covered her no more than ours covered us and it seemed she wasn't wearing shorts with it. Just a lot of leg.
"Those aren't meant to be worn with shorts," she said.
I protested. I have no idea why. I loved the idea of taking the shorts off. I just thought I should protest.
"Ummm... Mrs. H... I'm not wearing panties " I mumbled.
Mrs. H laughed. She grabbed her shirt and pulled it to her waist. She was naked from the waist down.
"Neither am I," she said.
We both looked shocked. She laughed and then started to explain. She was cleaning up and found a pair of panties stuck in the couch cushion. She knew they weren't gets and they didn't look like they'd fit Kara.
It seems they installed video surveillance last year. She went back to look at the tape for the weekend and she saw us in the living room during the game. She watched us teasing the guys and thought it looked like a lot of fun, but she needed backup.
We both laughed and told her we'd back her up. After she left we both asked each other the same question. Does that mean she saw what happened after?
We stripped off our shorts and went downstairs. I admit the 3 of us looked hot. Hometown honey hot. All American girls ready to support their team.
The guys started coming in. The 4 new guys were starting to believe what they'd heard. At least the part about us being hot. We were introduced. I actually paid no attention. I didn't need to know their names.
Us girls started serving drinks. That involve a lot of bending over, the guys behind us saw a bit of ass. The guys in front of us looking down our jerseys. It was fun. The guests, even the old ones who had already seen us show off, could not believe what they were seeing. Mr. H just sat there with a proud look on his face.
By this time every guy in the room had figured out we weren't wearing underwear. We were finished serving. We asked if anyone needed anything else. They said no. Mrs. H said, "Let's go watch the game."
We went in the living room. Mrs. H took the spot Kara had before on the arm of Mr. H's chair. Her top slid up and exposed a little side of her ass. She leaned into him to give us a better look.
Kara and I looked around. There was nowhere to sit. There was a couch and 2 folding chairs. All taken. There were four guys on the couch. Mrs. H suggested the guys wouldn't mind if we sat on their laps.
The guys pretty much tried to kill themselves assuring us it was OK for us to sit on their laps. We laughed and said OK. We positioned ourselves sitting on the laps of the guys on either end. We swung our legs up on the laps of the other guys. As we did our shirts pulled up. I'm sure the guys at the opposite ends of the couch could see our pussies and the guys we were leaning on could look right down our tops. I was pretty sure the guys in the chairs could see our pussies too. The whole scene was making me wet. I was almost sure I would leave a wet spot on the guys pants if I got up.
Mr. H was doing the same thing he did to Kara to Mrs. H. He was playing with the hem of her shirt slowly pulling it up. All of a sudden, Mrs. H looked at his hand, then at him and said, "Are you trying to show off my ass?"
All eyes turned to her. Mr. H didn't say a thing. Mrs. H went on. "If you want to show off my ass there's an easier way."
She climbed off the chair, pulled her shirt to her waist. Did a slow turn. Then ass towards the rest of us said to Mr. H, "Happy?"
He didn't reply right away. "What is it?" she said. "You want them to see me naked? Do you want your wife naked in front of your friends?"
Before he can answer she asks the other guys. "Is that it? You want to see me naked?"
The all kind of looked elsewhere and mumbled.
Finally she said, "OK, if any of you want to see me naked, you're going to have to undress me."
No one moved. One guy finally stood up. She held her arms up to make it easier. He pulled the top off her. She turned to face her husband.
"Is this what you wanted?"
When she turned she had her back to the guy who pulled her shirt off. He ran his hand across her ass and cupped it. She didn't move. In fact she stuck her ass out a bit and widened her stance.
She looked at Mr. H. "Your friend here is groping my ass. His hands seem awfully near my pussy. I'm not stopping him if you're not."
The guy slid his hands between her legs. She moaned.
"You like this dear? You like knowing your friends fingers are in my pussy? I don't even think you know this guy that well. Do you?"
She looked at the guy. "How do you know my husband?"
"I never met him before today," said the guy. "I just heard from (I forget the name) that these 2 girls (pointing at us) were flashing at the last game. I didn't believe it, so he invited me."
"You hear that honey? These guys came to see your daughter flash. Do you like that honey? You like the idea of these strangers seeing your daughter's ass and pussy?"
She called Kara over. Kara got up and walked to her mom. Mrs. H wrapped her arms around Kara.
"What do you think honey? Do want her naked in front of these guys? Do you want her pretty teenage body exposed?"
She reached down to the hem of Kara's shirt. "You haven't said no. I guess you do."
She pulled the top off of Kara. There they stood. Some guy who Mr. H didn't know, standing behind Mrs. H with his fingers in her pussy. Mrs. H was standing behind Kara, her arms wrapped around her naked body. I had no idea what was going to happen next. But so far this was hot.
The guy in the back pulled his fingers out of Mrs. H's pussy and put them to Kara's mouth. Kara licked them clean.
"Did you see that Honey? Your daughter just tasted my pussy juices from this stranger's fingers. Does that turn you on?"
Mr. H started actively rubbing his cock through his pants. So did a few of the other guys.
The guy behind Mrs.H, put himself between Mrs. H and Kara. I saw his fingers go to Kara's pussy. She moaned. Mrs. H put her hand over his.
"Look honey. I can feel this stranger's fingers entering your daughter's cunt. Do you like that? Now your daughters pussy is available to him. Do you think he'll fuck her?
She turned to the guy. "Would you like to fuck my teenage daughter's cunt?"
She took Kara over to her dad's chair. She Kara's hands on her dad's shoulders to steady her. Kara was now bent over looking at her dad. Mrs. H pulled the guy over and unzipped his pants. His hard cock popped out. Mrs. H guided it to Kara's pussy.
"Fuck her," she said.
The guy drove his cock into her. Her face was an inch from her dad's. She grunted every time he thrust. Her dad was still rubbing his cock.
The game had started but no one was watching.
Mrs. H said, "Who wants to fuck me? While he watches his daughter get fucked he might as well watch his wife get fucked too. A few guys stood up.
She got down on her hands and knees. "Two holes. No waiting," she said.
It took less than a minute for 2 guys to fill her mouth and pussy.
Besides Kara's dad there were 3 guys left. They were all looking at me.
"Oh fuck it," I said as I pulled off my shirt. "Pull out those cocks"
I climbed on one guys lap facing out. I motioned two guys by my face. I started alternating between sucking them.
The smell of sex permeated the room. I loved it. I love the smell of slutty sex.
I'm going to try and describe the seen. The fact that I did not know any of the men except Kara's dad is going to be hard. I was not sure which of them was doing what to whom.
Kara was bent over her father being fucked from behind. Kara started talking to her dad.
"You like this dad? Your little girl fucked from behind? Can you see my tits bounce as he fucks me? Is this what you wanted? Did you invite all these guys over to see me fuck? Do you want me to fuck all six of them? How would that look six loads of cum dripping out of my pussy?"
The guy fucking her was also talking to Kara's dad.
"Wow, you're wife and daughter are such sluts. I did not believe it when (forgot name) told me they were showing off, never mind that they were going to fuck. I'm going to fill your daughter's cunt with cum."
Her dad was stroking his cock through his pants.
I was sitting on some guys cock trying to suck 2 others. I was enjoying the sensation in my cunt while watching Kara and her mom. I was not doing much of the work. The guy whose lap I was on was pulling me up and down on his cock. I was giving terrible blow jobs.
Mrs. H was doing much better. She was being pounded from behind. She was sucking on a cock. Between sucking on it she would be screaming.
"Fuck me. Let my husband see what a slut I am. Fuck me in front of my daughter. Cum in me, come on me. What do you want. I'll swallow it all. Get it all over my face and tits. Fuck me. Cum in my cunt".
There was so much happening I couldn't keep track. The guy fucking Kara came. He filled her pussy. Thankfully one of the guys I was doing a bad job sucking went over to her and started fucking her. As his cock glided in and out of her I could see the first guys cum mixed with their juices.
Kara started telling her dad. "Did you see that? Some guy just filled my cunt with cum. I bet you don't even know his name. I know I don't. In fact, I don't know the name of the guy who's fucking me now! "
I saw the guy fucking Mrs.H's mouth start to cum. He pulled out and came on her face and tits.
She looked at her husband and said, "Look honey, a face full of cum. Do you like your wife covered with cum?"
Mr. H unzipped his pants and started jerking his cock.
Kara started, Daddy? Are you jerking off for me or mom"
He didn't say a word.
The guy I was now sucking left me to fuck Mrs, H's mouth. Probably because I was so busy watching everyone else I was giving a lousy blow job.
I saw the second guy cum in Kara's cunt. As he pulled out you could see the cum dripping down her leg.
The guy fucking her mom's mouth must have decided he wanted some younger cunt. He plunged into Kara's cum filled cunt and started fucking her.
One guy who'd already cum in Kara stuck his cum covered cock in Mrs. H's mouth. She started cleaning him off.
I saw Kara cum. Her knees buckled. He held her up and kept fucking her.
She started begging, "That's it. I have 2 loads. Give me another."
Meanwhile Mrs. H has the guy in her mouth hard again. The guy in her cunt was pumping her.
The guy in Kara's cunt cums. That's 3. She came again. Her mom told the guy in her pussy to go cum in Kara's pussy. He went over and started fucking Kara. Kara started talking to her dad about load number 4.
The guy fucking me let me off him to go fuck Kara's mom. I didn't blame him. I was not paying attention. I was a lousy fuck.
The guy in Kara gave her load 4. You could see it dripping down her leg.
Kara begged the guy in Mrs H's mouth to cum give her another load. He went over and started fucking her. You could see the cum being pushed out of her.
All this time Kara's face was right in front of her dad's. She was practically whispering to him. She was telling him she was working on load #5.
Her and her mom had a pattern. Her mom would get them ready to cum, then send them over to Kara to fill her cunt. Eventually all 6 guys came in Kara's cunt. It was a mess. Cum was running out of it dripping down her leg.
She turned. I actually went over and helped her balance her.
Kara said, "Daddy. Can you see your daughter's cunt? 6 loads of cum. See me dripping. You invited all these guys to see me. And now they've all filled my cunt. You know what I'm going to do now?
Her dad shook his head.
"I'm going to fuck you. You get to feel what your daughter's cunt feels like with 6 loads in her."
She look at me. I helped her climb on her dad's lap. I grabbed his cock and stuck it in her. They both groaned.
Meanwhile as guys recovered they'd go back to Mrs. H and fuck her or her mouth. Whenever they were about to cum, she'd beg them to cum on her. They obliged she was soaked in at least 6 loads of cum.
It was fucking hot and slutty.
I was getting tired. I went up, took a shower, and got dressed. When I came back down Kara's cum covered mom was riding Mr H's cock. Cum was everywhere. Kara had someone fucking her. About that time Ricky got home. He walked in the door stunned. He looked at me stunned.
I just said, "Go fuck your sister and mom." And then went home.