If you've got this far, no explanation is needed. I like to take my time to savour sex and lovemaking. Tell me what you think. Readers' comments are the lifeblood of my writing.
Chapter Four: A Proposition
Sandra wants to advance Jeff's career, but is that all?
Jeff woke next morning to the prospect of self-declared unemployment. He stood in the shower reflecting on the previous afternoon. His imagination conjured up an image of Sandra sans underwear, parading around slinkily, and teasing him. His idle moments had been filled with thoughts of Sandra, even keeping him awake in bed with fantasies about her.
As he showered an erection reared up again, a physical imperative for his attention. In his mind her eyes zoomed in on his bobbing cock with a delight that caused her to swivel her hips seductively. Her breasts swayed teasingly. They were full and heavy, but quite firm. Her nipples cried out for the attention of his tongue.
He took her rock-hard nipples into his mouth one after the other, sucking on them as she 'aahed' and sighed with pleasure. She pulled them away from his mouth and sank to her knees. Water was splashing off her head and shoulders as she took his member all the way down into her throat, and sucked on him hard. Spasms of electricity zapped through his body. He wanted to fuck her but she wouldn't release her suction grip on his shaft. He felt his sap rising until it exploded with a gushing of his seed into her willing mouth. The orgasm was powerful and prolonged. He looked down at his cock. It was gripped tightly in his hand, and he was alone in the shower.
He mused on whether she was having a similar fantasy.
He spent Sunday searching for jobs online, but his was an esoteric skill, appreciated by a select few, understood by even fewer. If the idea had any traction, it would require heavy marketing and a great deal of capital. Still, it was only the first day in his job search, and he was a born optimist. Something good would surely come along in time to harness his talents, even if it was not in his chosen field.
He wanted to call Sandra, to talk to her, or more specifically just to listen to her lovely voice. But the only number he had was likely to be answered by Frank. He went for a walk and did the best to fill his day. He had not as yet met many people in the area outside the job that he wanted to go to the pub with socially. He went to bed early before ten, in search of erotic dreams.
The phone roused him from an insubstantial pre-sleep dream.
"What? Oh, hi, its Jeff, but you know that because you're calling me."
"Come on muddlehead, get your mind into gear."
He reached for a glass of water and took a deep sip, then responded, "Who's that?"
"Alessandra. I prefer that name, and if our relationship is to start on the right footing, that is how I want to be known by you.
"Relationship? What? You're not making sense."
"And there was me thinking you had the brain of a genius. Yes, I have a proposition for you. I'm wide awake. Now get your ass over here and let me talk to you."
"You mean come to Frank's house?"
"Well, technically, it's still mine. But no, I've reserved a suite at the Maybury. I'll give you the address. Bring work clothes for tomorrow. Oh, and by the way, it's a two-room suite; connecting doors. So don't get your hopes up. Bring a drawing pad as well, just for fun."
He was wide awake now. That call had provoked a surge of adrenalin. He probably wouldn't sleep tonight now. He took the Tube to Green Park and walked through Mayfair to the hotel. It was an unseasonably mild September evening, and he was unaccountably sweating, and his heart was pumping ten to the dozen.
The Maybury is a boutique hotel, beloved of couples and those seeking pampering. It has access to an adjoining independent health club with pool, massage and other facilities, on offer to hotel guests. An internal door connects the two establishments.
The hotel reception is small but plushly decorated, and the reception staff elegant in the extreme.
Jeff gave his name to the female behind the desk. She gave him the usual once over, then did a second take. Liking what she saw and satisfied that she had gleaned all that she could, she handed him a keycard. "Top floor, the Jacqueline Susann Suite".
"The what?"
The receptionist smiled at him tolerantly. "The rooms are all named after stylish female authors. The proprietors are American. They have a high regard for the late Miss Susann."
The lift, maximum eight persons, showed the building's stylish heritage of a bygone age. It was a cage within a cage, wrapped around with a circular staircase, from which it was isolated by delicate scrollwork railings. The lift walls were glazed, to allow the lift to be air conditioned, a modern adaptation.
The Jacqueline Susann Suite was on the top floor, right the way round the back of the lift. It had elegant double doors that spoke of opulence. En route to it he passed rooms named Louisa May Alcott, Margaret Mitchell, and Diana Gabaldon. A mixed bunch, he thought.
Jeff knocked politely before opening the suite door with his card, so as not to surprise Sandra. The door led into a small lobby with three inner doors, and a spiral staircase to one side leading to an upstairs area. There was a cloak cupboard with doors in finest walnut, full-length mirrors in its doors.
He knocked on the room door to the left. Getting no reply he entered. It was a large bedroom with a window overlooking the street and modern furniture. It was unoccupied.
He then chose the right door. It was another, mirror image bedroom of the first. Again, it was empty. His mind thought, third time lucky, which was quite absurd, given that he had lucked out on choices.
The central door was to a shared bathroom. That left only the carpeted spiral staircase. He climbed it and found himself on the threshold of a large lounge with deep pile carpet and windows looking out onto the lamplit street far below. The suite proved to be on two floors with the sleeping accommodation on the lower floor. He wondered what the nightly room charge would be.
The lounge curtains were open and billowing in a gentle autumnal breeze. To the left was a kitchenette with tiled floor, separated from the lounge by a breakfast bar. He had left his footwear downstairs by the entrance to the suite. His bare feet luxuriated in the deep embrace of the plush lounge carpet. The room was furnished with a three-piece suite, coffee tables, an abundance of table lamps on occasional tables, profusions of cut flowers in tall vases, and an entertainment system with a large flat screen television in pride of place.
The lounge was empty of any person though. Where could she be?
He could eliminate the downstairs rooms, which he had checked.
Puzzled, he walked through the lounge to the kitchenette. Then he spied a fully glazed door in a corner which had been hidden from view at the top of the spiral stairs.
It was dark outside, though a faint light showed through the glazed door. He opened it. Outside the sky was lightened by the glow from the street lamps below. The door gave access to a narrow open-air alley between two high walls. He guessed that it had once been the access to the roof before the suite lounge was built on most of it. The wall on the left was the side of a taller adjoining building. The alley ended at a short high wall with the drop to the street beyond. The right wall was the outside wall of the lounge suite. Two-thirds of the way along the alley way was a wrought iron staircase that led up to whatever was now on top of the suite lounge. This suite just kept on delivering surprises.
He climbed the staircase which was painted in rust red. It ended at a small landing leading to a break in the high wall. Soft light was filtering through the opening. He stepped through the opening with bated breath. Before him was an expansive flat roof area hemmed in on three sides by walls, but open to the street below on the fourth side behind a low parapet with wrought-iron railings on top.
Shading about two thirds of the flat roof area was a timber pergola seating area, with a canvas awning on top in broad bands of blue and white stripes. A string of softly glowing lights were suspended from the top of the timber frame. They gave the seated area an intimate feel. Under the pergola were three rattan settees arranged in a 'U' shape around a low glass-topped table. The sofas were painted in fashionable grey with cream padded cushions. The open side of the 'U' faced the street far below. The area was silently overlooked by taller buildings opposite with darkened windows, probably of offices closed for the evening.
Jeff took all this in in moments. His attention was quickly drawn to a figure reclining along one side sofa. Her feet were drawn up underneath her. It was of course Alessandra. She had on a royal blue silk kimono robe patterned with sprigs of cherry blossom. Her dark hair looked impossibly glossy and glamorous. The vee formed by the collars of the dressing gown displayed a captivating cleavage.
Her legs were bare under the short robe, suggesting that she was minimally dressed beneath. She was a vision of loveliness.
"Alessa!"
She looked surprised. "Ah, Jeff. No one calls me that name - I like it! It shall be your name for me."
"What, not even your family?"
"They were too formal to indulge in diminutives. At school I was called Sandy. Everyone else knows me as Sandra. So, Alessa can be yours for the taking -- just the name, I mean."
"Have you been waiting up here for me since you called me?"
She chuckled. It was a beautiful, musical sound in his ears. Everything about her felt magical. He was truly smitten.
"Of course not. Reception telephoned me when you entered the lift. I reasoned that it would take you four minutes to discover me up here, but in fact it took you six! So we should expect service just about now."
A few moments later an elderly male porter appeared bearing a gilt tray with a bottle of champagne and two tall tulip glasses. Also on the tray were a plated selection of nibbles including small sausages spiked with cocktail sticks, assorted salted nuts, olives and canapés. He laid the tray on the glass topped occasional table, opened the champagne bottle, poured some in both glasses, then left without waiting for a tip.
Alessa sat up straight as Jeff sat down beside her. They clinked glasses.
"To your glittering future," she declared.
Jeff's mind was in a whirl, but he had the presence of mind to limit his response to, "Tell me more."
She beamed at him. "That is for tomorrow, which will dawn for us when we decide we are ready for it. I hate Mondays. For tonight, I want you to draw me again, with the inspiration of champagne to enhance your skills. I have selected a suitable outfit. Will you do this for me?"
Jeff was stunned by her request. "Did the first drawings really please you then?"
"They did more than please me. They aroused me, or rather, the thought that you had been studying my body so minutely - excited me. It felt like an awakening. I couldn't wait to repeat the experience.
They had almost finished the champagne. Alessa was eager to press on.
"I suggest two quick sketches -- if you feel you need sleep tonight, that is. Otherwise, we can take our time. You will choose the poses. Is that OK?"
Jeff nodded. They made another toast, 'to the future'.
Alessa stood up, and removed her dressing gown. Whilst her body had looked good in daylight, it looked sensational in the soft lighting on that rooftop terrace at night, the more so because she had chosen a white stringy bikini. She stood with her arms crossed protectively across the bust, as if ashamed of her exposure. The triangles that served as cover for her breasts and genitals were quite substantial; for her breasts they needed to be. The bikini was held in place by a halter neck, and stringy straps tied at the back and hips.
"What do you think?" she asked nervously. She did not look at ease so minimally dressed.
The thought ran through Jeff's mind, what made you wear it if it embarrasses you?
But he asked instead, "Can you show me the rear?"
She turned around, dropping her now superfluous arms to her sides. She belatedly placed them on her hips for the want of anywhere else to park them. Her smooth back, slim waist, and stunning bottom, enhanced by the soft lighting on her olive skin, caused him to gasp in wonderment. Her body was even more attractive in that setting than the day before in her home. The bikini bottom covered about half of each glorious cheek. He yearned to see them unclothed.
She waited awkwardly for him to finish his examination.
"Your body is a dream. Your shyness at showing it off is a grievous loss to the world."
She whirled around again replacing her arms across her bust.
He was puzzled. "You don't seem comfortable."
"I -- I wanted you to draw me again in a more relaxed -- a private setting. But it still feels uncomfortable showing off my body."
"Would you rather put on something less revealing?"
She bent her knees a little, and let out a soft moan, as if with frustration. It looked as if she wanted to pee, but it was simply embarrassment. "No, I made my choice. Draw me like this. How do you want me?"
The short answer was: naked and more uninhibited. But instead he said, "I'll do two sketches. First, lie in a reclining position facing the rear cushion of the sofa. Prop your head up on your elbow. with your upraised hand supporting your neck. Position your other hand with your fingers in your hair.
She looked puzzled. "Why face away from you?"
"Because you look as if you are uncomfortable. I think you might relax if you don't have to look at me. It's also an interesting pose, the fingers in your hair suggesting your awareness of the artist watching you. It changes the dynamic of the study, telling more of a story."
"But why is my back to you?"
"Your back is a work of art in its own right; together with your bottom, which looks more voluptuous with the high line of your hip contrasted with the dip to your slim waist."
She arranged herself and turned her head to look back at him over her shoulder. "Is that good enough?"
"You look stunning," he said, in awe of that pose. "You look so voluptuous, and the eye cannot be distracted by your breasts or your beautiful face. My eyes are drawn to your bottom."
Her body twitched, he guessed, in reaction to his words. He could not tell whether it was from pleasure or anxiety.
It struck him as he sketched the first lines, that her pose with her back to him implied that the subject would be seen as inviting unrestricted viewing, probably the reverse of what Sandra actually felt.
He began the sketch.
"There is one further proviso I didn't mention," she said, in a husky voice, thick with arousal. "You must strip down to your underpants. I'm going to be bold and say something I've never spoken out loud before. I want to be able to admire your bulge when I turn my head; my treat for me."
He chuckled. "I'll give you something to think about. I'll get naked. You can think about that."
He began to sketch, his hand trembling at being able to stare at her without her seeing him watching.
After a few minutes, she spoke, revealing her thoughts.
"Are you naked?"
"Yes."
"How does it feel?"
"I'm rock hard and feeling very naughty. I'm mentally undressing you with my eyes. I'm having erotic thoughts as I draw your outline."
She gave a tinkling laugh. "How did you feel when you first got naked with a woman?"
"It was at university, in my room. We were both ready to consummate our relationship with sex, but she was shy, like you. She had more cause because her body still had puppy fat. But she looked sexy. I asked her to undress. She asked why. I said because I like to admire women's naked bodies. She said that she was afraid that I would not find her sexy-looking. So I undressed in front of her and showed her my stiff cock. 'Look' I said, 'that's proof of how I'm feeling about you right now.' "
There was silence whilst Alessa processed that mental image. When she next spoke haltingly, her tone was tinged with awe.
"Is your -- penis -- rock hard now?"
"Yes."
"Would you like to -- to, fuck me now?"
"Very much. How do you feel?"
"It's difficult. I don't mind being drawn, that's art. But stripping to provoke a man is difficult for me to consider. Having sex would be shocking, but the thought of it's compelling."
Jeff's heart sank. He had suspected that her diffidence about being undressed had not changed. The realisation that she was partially showing her body, but only for art's sake, or rather, using that as an excuse, did not feel him with optimism.
He hurried to complete the first study.
"OK, you can see it now." He sat down.
She half-turned, with her body facing the seat cushion, she retrieved her dressing gown from the ground. She pulled it on with her back still turned to him before standing up. He groaned inwardly. She was still hiding parts of her body.
She came over to view his work, her eyes fixed on his substantial erection as she approached. He quickly covered it with his sketch pad, angling the pad up for her to see.
Of the drawing, she opined, "Oh, it's beautiful. And you kept my bikini bottom in place. I think it is true to life. Why did you not sketch nudity in the drawing, like before?"
He tried to control his strained emotions as he replied.
"Because I wanted to be honest, like I am with my own exposure now."
She grasped the side edge of his sketch pad and lifted it off his lap. His cock sprang up, as if it was attempting an escape. She gasped, startled at its girth and vivacity. Her breath quickened. He watched her face closely. She was licking her parted lips, suggesting salacious thoughts. But she broke the spell then.
"There's a second bottle of champagne in the bucket. Would you care to open it? I want to get drunk."
She sat on the sofa beside him, holding the sketch pad in hand. The tables were turned. She was determined to be the voyeur.
He stood up, feeling very self-conscious. His cock bounced up horizontally. He pulled in his stomach muscles, and felt his chest cavity expand. He turned away from her and headed towards the ice bucket several feet away. He imagined that he could feel the heat of her gaze on his butt, and on his dangling balls between his thighs, as he walked. Every pore in his skin felt energised, and not in a comfortable way. He realised then how she might be feeling about potential nudity.
She remarked, "What if there's someone behind one of those darkened windows watching you now?"
"There's nothing I can do about it. They can hardly be shocked if they've kept the lights off."
He seized the bottle and turned to face her whilst he released the wire cage from the cork. When the cork burst from the neck of the bottle with a loud explosion, his whole body seemed to jump, and his cock bounced frenetically. Her eyes were glued to his manhood.
He advanced on her with the bottle poised to pour. She held out her glass with her left hand, but her right also rose to within inches of his turgid cock.
'Please, make her touch it. Help me out', he pleaded of the ether.
But she withdrew it and stared up at his face, holding the recently tempted hand in thin air. She took a few sips of the bubbly wine, then stood up to return to her sofa on the opposite side. Placing her glass on the low centre table, she turned her back on him and removed her dressing gown. She stood motionless, surely only for him to stare at her rear and admire it. Was that a concession to his nudity?
After a long pause (for effect?) she turned, affording a first glimpse of her stunning cleavage. Racquel Welch's artificial décolletage in One Million Years BC sprang to mind, but Alessa's was genuine.
She reclined on the sofa, this time facing him. With her head propped up on her upturned hand she stared back at him. He stood up, shamelessly, perhaps even defiantly, fully exposing his front and his still excited appendage. She stared at it for several minutes as he began his sketch. She was a vision of sensuality, with her firm, flat stomach, and her sumptuous breasts stacked one on top of the other in a long cleavage. Her upper arm lay on top of her right hip, attempting to draw the eye's attention there, away from her marvels of womanhood. She saw his eyes focus there. She turned her wrist to dangle her hand over the triangle of bikini bottom covering of her crotch. Satisfied that she had his attention there, she pushed the tips of her fingers down under the upper side of the material. They did not move any further in, but showed through in outline to point the direction of the eye towards her intimate sex. It was her refinement to the pose.
Jeff hurried to finish the sketch. He was convinced that she was teasing with him, but in a subtle, confused fashion. He went over to her and showed her the sketch.
"Goodness, my breasts look so big. Is that how they really are in repose?"
He nodded, his mouth dry from prolonged arousal.
She affected a shiver, a conceit to justify her next suggestion.
"It's getting cool. I think we should do another sketch in the bedroom."
She got up and stood almost touching Jeff. Both stood motionless, too nervous to make a provocative move. She reached for her dressing gown instead. He took it from her hands. He thought she was using it as a shield to limit her exposure.
"I'll carry it."
She froze, uncertain how to respond with her body comfort blanket taken away from her. She moved towards the iron staircase with a stiff posture, which spoke of her discomfort. Jeff watched her depart, studying the sway of her hips, and the beauty of her lines from her shoulders down her long, smooth legs. The triangle of cover over her bottom tilted as a mocking reminder that she was still effectively clothed, whilst he was naked. She had not yet shown him all of her body. He speculated whether she ever would.
She walked quickly, and he had to hurry after her. It felt absurd as he hurried nakedly through the suite lounge and down the spiral staircase, his cock slapping from to side against his inner thighs.
She took the dressing gown from his hands in the bedroom, and put it on, but she did not fasten its belt. She reclined along one side of the bed facing him in the same pose as upstairs on the roof. The lower half of the kimono fell down, open. She placed her hand on her hip, pushing the upper side of the gown off that side. Her front was almost wholly exposed in the bikini.
"I would like you to sketch me like this," she murmured.
"Would you-" he began, then paused for courage, "- untie the back strap of the bikini top and loosen the lie of the fabric."
Her expression was discouraging. He ploughed on.
"- because that would imply that you are teasing with a partial reveal, and makes the subject more complex and interesting."
She thought about that for quite some time before obliging him, saying, "I'll do it for artistic purposes, but I won't strip for you."
She reached behind her back and untied the back strap of the top. She lifted the triangles carefully away from her breasts but still covering them from his vantage point, then let them hang. Her upper breast was now exposed at the side but the material still covered her nipple and areola. The covering was held it in its shifted position by the side tie trapped under her arm.
"A quick impression of that pose will do," she said.
He sensed her reluctance, and hurriedly finished the scenario with far fewer strokes of the pencil. The result was more impressionistic but surprisingly good. He showed it to her. She smiled radiantly. "I see what you've done. I look as if I'm teasing you.
"Now another pose. I think I can develop that theme whilst keeping my modesty."
Careful not to disturb the anchor tie holding her top partially in place, she tugged at the exposed side bow at her hip. The two lengths sprung apart but she held them to stop the fabric falling away from her crotch. She carefully lowered the upper tie, causing the triangle to drop somewhat until the upper edge just concealed her pubic area. He saw wisps of trimmed pubic hair peeping out from the side.
Her eyes stared at Jeff with meaningful, strictly limited intent. "You see, I can hint at tease whilst remaining essentially covered."
He vented a deep sigh of disappointment and sketched rapidly. She liked the resulting outline as much as the first. His frustration had inspired his sketching. Frustratingly for him, she retied the bikini straps before shrugging off her dressing gown.
"I will pose lying on my back like this. You will have to stand close to sketch me from above."
Was she really posing, or simply upping the tension with art as an excuse?
He frowned. "May I arrange the bikini to make it more interesting?"
She considered that. "You may, but do not make me nude. I trust you to follow my wishes."
He knelt beside her and reached his hands round her sides to untie the back strap again. His hands shook as he arranged the angles of each triangle more acutely to show more of the sides of her breast. The backs of his fingers touched her breast flesh as he did the adjustments, and her body jolted.
He was bolder with the bikini bottom, untying its sides and pulling it lower down on her crotch so that most of her trimmed pubic hair was exposed, and the material looked to be lying at a haphazard angle lower down her thighs.
She made a sharp intake of breath, to register her concern, but made no move to adjust the arrangement. Indeed, she drew up one knee and rested it across the other and turned her head to the side. She would not look at the viewer, for that would imply complicity. Jeff splayed out her hair to suggest that her head had fallen in that position. He stood on the bed to improve his angle of view from above. She lay in that position without moving as he sketched quickly.
He came to the frustrated conclusion as he drew that she was not prepared to strip for him for sexual reasons but she was prepared to pose 'artistically' within reason for the draftsman. That felt to him like a form of prudish hypocrisy. He sighed again, slowly losing patience with this pretence. The sketch was finished quicker than the others, and with bolder lines.
He stood over her, feet either side of her hips, holding the sketch over her away from his pulsating cock. She turned and looked up to examine both, visibly squirming with arousal at the monstrous appendage bobbing excitedly above her.
After a few moments' consideration, she whispered, "Would you pass me my dressing gown?"
His eyes widened, but not with excitement.
"I'm tired of playing this game."
He threw the dressing gown at her. "Put it on!"
He turned away petulantly.
"OK," she said softly. When she was fully covered he grabbed her hand and dragged her towards the wardrobe, wrenching open the double doors and searching the contents. The untied bikini bottom had fallen to the carpet beneath her kimono. He turned to her. "Find the sexiest outfit you have here and put it on."
She faced him with trembling lips. She stuttered, "I -- can't."
He thrust his hand between her thighs through the closed front of the kimono. His upturned fingers found her sopping cunt and rubbed backwards and forwards against it several times. Her body jolted. He moved against her. "You want seeing to, don't you? You want it, I know. You've seen how big my cock is. You must have been fantasising of it inside you. I saw it in your eyes, many times this evening. You've been teasing me, whether it was your intent or not. You know full well how your body turns me on. Well, I'm a voyeur. I don't mind admitting it. Now, you're going to perform for me, to make up for all this artist pretence. Choose an outfit and be quick about it. I won't watch while you change."
She faced him, wide eyed, but not with fright. Her heaving bosom betrayed passion; it might have been of sexual arousal or anger.
He left the bedroom, muttering, "You have five minutes. Then I'm out of here, for good."
He freshened up in the bathroom, wrapped the towel around his waist, and stomped up the spiral staircase. His heart pounded, his body was shaking, and his legs felt like jelly. He had stunned himself by his ultimatum. He had lost control. He wondered how she would react. She might use the telephone to report an assault. Whatever, he would wait out the consequences. The evidence of the sketches was all the evidence he needed of her complicity.
He decided to wait her out. He fetched himself a soft drink from the kitchenette fridge. After a minute's study, he had the entertainment system in operation. He found a music station on the television, the sound playing through independent speakers. The selected channel was playing late-night hip-hop videos. Voluptuous, half naked women were gyrating around band members as they performed to a sexy, funky beat. The music wasn't to Jeff's taste, but the vibe suited his mood. Two music videos later, and well after the five-minute deadline, Alessa appeared, dressed in a white mini pleated skirt and cropped denim top. She was wearing white high heels. The ensemble surprised Jeff in its casual sexiness.
"Wherever would you wear that?" he asked in surprise.
"I have been known to go clubbing," she replied defensively. She tried to smile but it ended up as a nervous grimace.
"Well, pretend that you're there now, in the club. Dance for me."
She took the remote control from his hand without question and dimmed the room lighting down to wall lights.
"Not too gloomy, I want to appreciate your body as you dance."
She opened her mouth to reply but seemed to think better of it. She began to dance half-heartedly. Jeff had to admit that even her minimal, half-hearted moves were stirring enough. Her body looked far sexier in that short skirt than in the bikini. As she dipped her knees and tilted her hips, the pleats of the skirt bounced up to reveal her hips and exquisite bottom cheeks. He didn't mind that she had put back on the bikini bottom she had worn earlier.
But it wasn't enough to stem his irritation. He couldn't enjoy her performance in his fractured mood.
"Why did you ever think that we could go into business together? I couldn't cope with your sexy body and puritanical mind."
He stood up.
"No, don't --" she urged. "I need you. I'd be all alone without your help. I never want to be on my own again."
Her appeal mollified his irritation. His mood changed to guilt. He could never blackmail or coerce a woman. He replied in a low voice, "You shouldn't need to buy company by doing something you don't want."
The table was turned. He no longer wanted to force her, but she was pleading him to stay.
"Please, let me at least entertain you a little. It will help lift my mood to dance."
He had misgivings about staying now but sat back on the sofa. So, she was lonely, perhaps isolated in her shyness. Possible explanations for her being with Frank sprang to mind, and helped to explain her conflicting attitude towards Frank.
"I'm sorry I pressed you. You're perfectly entitled to maintain your dignity and modesty."
"What would you want from me?" she murmured, perhaps fearful of his answer.
He thought deeply before replying. She had implied wanting some sort of relationship, so far undefined. She hinted at loneliness. He liked her a lot, and he fancied her even more. But he knew he couldn't settle for less than all. To pretend otherwise would be dishonest.
He seized his cock, for comfort as much as anything. "Any relationship I had with you would have to be full on. I'd rather run a million miles in the opposite direction than continually be teased by your sexiness and stunning beauty, yet suffer your refusal to show yourself."
She had a quick answer.
"If we worked together, in an office, you'd have to behave respectfully."
"But away from the office, is that what you want? Why did you really agree to me sketching you? If you had refused, Frank would have accepted your refusal. You might still be with him. Be honest with yourself."
She was barely moving now, her mind whirring. She stopped abruptly, and headed into the kitchenette. She returned with a bottle of gin and a tumbler. She poured herself a generous double of neat alcohol.
"I'm drinking far too much these days. I'm very nervous."
She downed it in two long gulps, a feat that would have been beyond Jeff. He guessed this was another prop to help her deal with her issues.
She placed the empty glass on a side table and resumed her dance. The subdued lighting helped to warm the atmosphere. A single black dancer with a superbly sexy figure in a scanty yellow bikini, was dancing energetically around a seated black man, twerking her bottom at him and gyrating her hips. Alessa turned to watch it from the side as she danced. She appeared engrossed in the woman's figure.
Jeff asked, "What do you think of her body?"
"It's very sexy. I like black women's bodies, especially their bottoms."
"What do you like about black women's bodies?"
"I like all women's bodies, but there's something special about some body types. I also like men's bodies as well. Is that perverted?"
Jeff smiled. "You're hardly perverted. I've never met someone so repressed as you before."
She frowned. "I like sex, or at least the romantic ideal of it. I don't lack a sex drive. I'm just not comfortable showing my body, and I don't sleep around. What do you like?"
He sighed with frustration. "Sex is often on my mind. I work to clear it from my mind, and keep it at bay. I like to look at women, and I'm most turned on by revealing clothes and erotic nudity. I suppose I must be a voyeur. You can see why we wouldn't be suited to each other. You don't like to show off your body."
She had almost stopped moving. "How do you feel about me?"
She was evidently grappling with complex thoughts.
He took a deep breath. "I barely know you, but I like most of what you've told me about you. I find you interesting and --"
"But...you dislike my prudity. Do you like what you see?"
"Your prudery; it drives me crazy with desire, but it doesn't feel good to be teased like that. Teasing has to lead to satisfaction or it's unfair or cruel. Your body is stunning, and you're truly beautiful. You're holding back with me makes me feel very insecure with you.
"But -- I think I understand your fear of loneliness and isolation. Can you see how that need for company might force you into doing things you'd rather not?"
A smile broke out on her face, as if she was pleased at his words.
"Can I trust you?"
"I'd promise you nothing I couldn't deliver."
"Would you be good to me?"
"I'd do anything for you as my lover. I think you're fantastic."
"Would you be sympathetic to my feelings?"
"I think I'd do anything for you if I cared about you. But that takes trust on both sides for that to develop, and it doesn't happen overnight."
His answer seemed to lift her mood. Her dancing resumed and became more animated. She faced him as she tilted her hips and flicked up the pleats of her skirt, now by design. She was getting into the music and the sexy vibe. When the track ended she continued dancing, her moves becoming more provocative as a new music video began. The late-night vibe was definitely getting sexier.
Her face looked strained. Jeff had seen that look before on other women, a look of intense, unbearable arousal. She stepped closer to him, gyrating her hips sinuously. She put her palms on his legs and bent her knees, opening them wide to tease him with hints of her sex. She straightened up and turned sideways lifted a side of her hem. She extended her fingers theatrically and plucked at the ends of the bikini side strap, just like a stripper would. The bow came undone. She let Jeff's mind dwell on the possibilities of her bared hip and its implications for what might be to come, before dropping the hem back into place. She turned the other way to show the other hip, untying that bow and baring the flesh. She bucked her hips, and the untied bikini bottom dropped to the carpet.
She gyrated her hips more energetically and flipped up the hem to flash her bare haunches at him. On her faces was a dreamy smile. She was getting into a sassy mood that showed no hint now of embarrassment.
She turned her back on him and pushed the skirt waistband down off her hips and down her legs, revealing her splendid, unclad shapely hips and bottom. She turned to face him again now wearing only the short denim top. Her hand was clamped firmly over her crotch. Her beautiful face was screwed up with intense passion. It was a priceless pose. He wished he had a camera to record it.
She tilted her hips as she danced to the background music, then paused as she unzipped the denim top with her free hand. Jeff's heart fluttered at the improving prospect that she was at last going to deliver all that he desired. The sides were pushed apart by the lateral pressure of her sumptuous breasts to reveal their inner sides and a hypnotically enticing natural cleavage.
Jeff groaned with extreme arousal at that hint of perfect breasts.
She turned her back again and shrugged back her shoulders, allowing the denim top to slip from her back and down her extended arms. The moment he had almost given up any hope of experiencing was almost upon him. The top hung there for many tantalising seconds before she released it from her wrists. She was finally naked. Jeff's wish had been fulfilled. Her body was a rare example of flawless flesh and a perfect shape. Jeff had to stop himself wanking his pressured cock with almost unbearable anticipation.
She turned to face him again, one arm across her breasts, and the other hand again at her crotch. Her slightly compressed breasts overflowed above and below her slender arm and delicate hand. She was impossibly sexy and beautiful, and this must all be unreal, a dream.
Alessa's eyes were ablaze with a feral glow. She no longer looked bashful. She was moving now with confidence in her body, and her trust in Jeff.
She swung her hips, but appeared uncertain how to proceed, dinking her them repeatedly, but keeping her important places covered. She finally turned away from him again, and raised her arms high in the air. Then she danced with hypnotic hip moves, and graceful armography above her head.
He could see generous side boobs wax and wane as she gyrated her hips and tilted her shoulders. Something fluttered in his chest. He concentrated hard on what he now saw, desperately hoping to be able to remember it for eternity, as a very special moment in his life.
She turned to face him, gradually lowering her arms until they rested on her hips. She faced him, now totally naked, but proud of bearing, to gauge his reaction. Her eyes were smiling and her lips parted.
He stared open-mouthed at her delightfully fulsome pear drop breasts. Their hue was golden in the subdued light, their shape heavenly representations of supreme womanhood. Her enlarged nipples were framed with dark brown areolae, belying her British origins, and hinting at exotic ancestry.
He could only sit rigidly upright, frozen in position, staring at the most wonderful and erotic sight that he had ever witnessed. Then he slid his bottom off the towel on the sofa and lay on the floor in front of her, holding his throbbing cock aloft.
She looked down at him uncertainly. Then she remembered him towering over her earlier that evening, and how she had felt staring up at his rigid cock and wrinkled balls. She stepped forward to straddle his sides, bending her knees and dinking her hips as she resumed her sensual dance. She was suddenly laughing uncontrollably. He could only imagine that it was from emotional release and mounting arousal.
Her dark brown labia were in shadow, the exposed entrance they framed, lowered so invitingly close to his face for his examination. The proximity of her exposed sex sent his body into a spasm of frenzied desire. He lifted his head to attack her vulva with his tongue. She shrieked with shock at the oral contact and stumbled. Her knees trembled.
His tongue found her clitoris. He gripped her hips to pull her torso down closer to his face. She dropped to her knees and rubbed her crotch from side to side to plaster his face with her moisture, her previous laughter giving way to urgent moans.
He pulled his body back from under her and sat up to apply his mouth to her breasts. Having them so close to his face caused palpitations in his chest. He had never imagined a woman's body could be so disturbingly erotic. Her breasts shook invitingly as she revelled in the sensations his tongue was provoking inside her. This whole scenario was a revelation to them both.
As his mouth sucked in an engorged nipple, she threw back her head and howled like a she-wolf. Her body was on fire with mounting desire, of an intensity she had never encountered before. All her inhibitions had been shattered, and she was discovering new possibilities with her body. She told herself that this was not wrong, but what her body had been designed for. She was determined to welcome and embrace her new-found sexuality.
An urgent need for physical release hit her. She pushed forcefully on Jeff's chest to get him lie back. She feverishly mounted his cock. This was all new to her but she worked it out as she went, doing what felt good and natural for her body. Without any further foreplay or preamble, she sank her torso down onto his shaft, engulfing his cock in her pleading vagina. His manhood felt huge inside her and she gasped with surprise at how it filled her entire love canal. But it was a wholly pleasant feeling. She lifted her hips to prepare to lower it again on his shaft. As she did so his hips pushed upwards hard, to dash against her undercarriage. It brought a powerful reaction from her groin.
His pubic bone had connected forcefully with the whole expanse of her labia and surrounding tissue. It felt inside her like an unprecedented eruption of overpowering sensations at her groin. She shrieked with unrestrained delight and felt an uncontrollable orgasm quickly take hold in her nether regions as a warm flush swamped her hips and the small of her back.
Her continued laughter mingled with gasps of orgasmic pleasure as the sensations persisted, the peaks merging into each other with a continuous succession of hormonal climaxes. She stopped moving and sat astride Jeff's thighs, breathless and astonished. He had been holding back furiously on his own orgasm, but he now had a respite from their frenzied love play. He chose in that period of relative calm to explore her pendulous breasts with his questing palms and fingers., holding his final self-gratification at bay. This was what sex was all about for him, the look and touch, and the feel of a glorious naked female body. And Alessa's body was undoubtedly unparalleled in his experience. He felt unworthy of such stunning Mediterranean beauty.
She sighed loudly at the pleasure she got from his admiring touch of her breasts. For the first time ever, she felt valued by her partner. This sex was not a hurried, selfish affair of an insensitive man, but an expression of considerate appreciation. That thought alone prompted internal sparks of renewed desire.
He pushed up his head and kissed all over her breasts, sucked gently on her tender nipples, licked around her nobbly areolae, and restoked her internal fire.
She gasped once more as he turned her over onto her back on the plush pile carpet. His head briefly visited her crotch as he licked her clit some more. But she didn't need continuing stimulation. Her body was already on the boil.
He realised that and moved his hips between her obligingly, willingly parted thighs. "Take me," she pleaded, "give me more. Show me what I've been missing."
But when his cock sank inside her from above without warning the surprise expelled the air from her chest. "Ugh," she exclaimed. Then, "Ohh," as his hips began to pump away at plunging and withdrawing his cock shaft from her passage. "It's big, it's huge - take your time," she urged, selfishly hopeful that she would orgasm again before he came inside her. But he was not a selfish lover like Frank. Jeff knew his biology of sexual intercourse.
He angled his pubic bone and the neck of his cock to stimulate her clitoris. He pressed his shaft upwards in the vicinity of her sweet spot. He loved to make love to a woman like that. And she was experiencing new sensations from that conventional position. She sighed with optimistic anticipation. "That feels so good. Keep on doing it, whatever it is. Bring me again."
And he did, urgently thrusting and teasing her points of most arousal, struggling now to hold back his own want for release. He sensed then her body gathering its hormonal forces for another assault on her nerve centres. She encouraged him with her sighs, then her moans, and then her gasps as she felt another orgasm building to a greater climax. His skilled lovemaking was now fucking with her mind. She gripped his upper arms with her hands in an urgent desire for him to succeed in bringing her once more to the heights of pleasure. Her cries of "Yes, yes, yes," urged him to continue.
When her next orgasm hit, she imagined an explosion of fireworks inside her as her body twinged in so many places with the sparking of excited nerve endings. A new heatwave flooded her abdomen. As the peak subsided, she felt his body stiffen as he increased his pace. At last, his pumping of her loins was more urgent and forceful. She knew that his body was preparing to hit the heights, to explode his sperm payload inside her. For the first time, she was ready for it, and she relished his climax as his thrusts heightened; and then tailed off as his super-heated seeds swamped her passage.
For Jeff, his orgasm was a welcome release, but his mind was filled with images of Alessa's exquisite body beneath him. As his passion abated, he wanted to explore her delightful flesh some more, treating it with gentle, reverential touches that would not spoil the post-coital mood.
For Alessa that attentiveness to her continuing physical and emotional needs was a revelation. Her heart and mind were elated at this quantum leap in sexual experience.
"Is that what real lovemaking is all about?" she murmured in her satiated post-climax torpor.
~*~*~
Chapter Five: What does the future portend?
They lay side by side on the lounge carpet, incongruously holding hands as if they could not bear not to keep hold of each other.
"Have you moved out of Frank's yet?"
"Yes. I own this hotel. It's heavily leveraged though, so don't get any ideas about my disposable wealth."
"I wouldn't -- but I'm still confused about your set-up."
"My father was a cautious about my welfare -- you might say overly protective. He had the foresight to plan for the possibility of an untimely death. He created trusts for his money which only allowed the funds to be used by me for business purposes, with a modest income to support me in a sedate lifestyle. That is why my house was linked with Frank's business, not what I suspect my father intended. I sold the family home because of too poignant memories, but the capital as proceeds had to go into the Trust.
"This hotel was his main asset. He took out loans on it to release capital for the main Trust Fund. He bequeathed the capital for me to invest. He trusted me to show business acumen. He would have brought me into his business in time, had he survived. He oriented my education towards finance and economics. He wanted me to prove myself before inheriting his business.
"But now, I'm like a caged bird, albeit in a gilded cage. My wealth is an illusion since I have access to very little disposable income after expenses. I think my father wanted to keep me safe from predators. The Trustees are mature business people, very experienced and handsomely remunerated.
"Which is where you come into the picture. You see, you have potential in a very narrow vertical niche market, but you require capital. I can provide that, if you're willing. Big data is an untapped market. It needs visionaries to untap it."
"But what about somewhere to live? Should your capital not secure that first?"
She chuckled. "By happenstance, given my present circumstances, this suite is almost unlettable, so provides an opportunity. The boutique hotel struggles to let it at an economic rent. Such prestigious accommodation is usually only to be found in much larger, better-appointed hotels. It's an incongruous addition here. But under my Trust conditions, I can make use of it at no personal cost. I must only assume greater control over its management in return. With Jeff running his business on his own, I can devote attention here, and to you if you're willing."
"I'm ahead of you there. With the right investment backing, I can create a unique consultancy offering to health and social care organisations. It could prove to be a quantum leap forward in understanding personal care needs and solutions, and predicting outcomes. All I would need is the time to develop and market the product, which is knowledge based on big data. It would also be useful, and socially beneficial to invest in research."
Her tone softened. "So do you see potential for us to work together?"
"Where does Frank fit in?"
"Nowhere. We were enforced co-lodgers in a property I could only own through the Trust. It was a bizarre arrangement. As a naïve woman, and for my own protection, I found it convenient to pass myself off socially as his girlfriend. He took my virginity, you know, but I let him, willingly. I thought I was a fallen woman, particularly since I didn't love him. If only my father had considered the social and personal consequences of his Trust conditions.
"Frank is not a bad man at heart, just a little too full of himself. Perhaps you did not notice, he and I had separate bedrooms."
"OK, but as for us, Alessa, I hardly know you. I'd like to get to know you a whole lot more. I can see a great deal to like in you. You don't know me either. Perhaps we should tread carefully a step at a time? I have lodgings."
She laughed, her tone a beautifully crystal-clear tinkle.
"I was not inviting you to move in here with me, at least not now, but of working with me in a joint venture. I think we have complementary skills. It remains to be seen whether we have personal chemistry. I'm not going to make the same mistake twice. But you can start by showing me your sketch again."
She stared at the pose with her bikini in disarray. "I'm not sure if it's an invitation or a prelude to something awesome. Her expression is superbly expectant and aroused.
"All that, in just a few pencil strokes. It's quite stunning, as a study in desire. But it wasn't what I was thinking. You took poetic licence with my pose, I suspect, to express what you were thinking -- or desiring."
"The artist does not have to be a dispassionate observer. He can be involved with his subject, and express his own interpretation of it. The only question is whether or not you like it, or are offended by it?"
"I wouldn't be now," she murmured. "My outlook suddenly feels very different. I feel liberated."
"Relaxed enough to sunbathe on a nude beach?"
"Wouldn't you be jealous of other men staring at my body?"
"You mock yourself. It is gorgeous, stunning. But I wouldn't own you, and I'd get quite a turn on from other men seeing you and desiring you."
They lay on their backs side by side, revelling in the warm afterglow of passion's energy well spent.
"Aren't you tired?" he asked.
She scrunched up her shoulders. "I feel alive for the first time in my life. I don't want this night to end. Your big cock is a first, your skill at lovemaking a revelation."
"I'm sure it's not big by porn standards."
"I wouldn't know, but the feel of it inside me was something I didn't expect. Do you like looking at my body?"
"Need you ask?"
"Because I was uncomfortable with the way Frank looked at me, but your glances with your artist's appreciative eye drove me crazy with arousal."
"So the request to be drawn a second time was an excuse?"
"I didn't think so at the time, or I wasn't sure. But it all seems so different in retrospect. Let's go to bed."
"I thought you said separate rooms?"
"Well, the second room could be a study, or an office?" Her mind was cartwheeling ahead.
She didn't wait for his reply. She leapt off the bed and scampered downstairs into the bathroom. She emerged, cleansed but still naked, and found him in her bedroom. She skipped to the bedside radio console. "Somewhere here is a music channel that plays mood music. It costs a fortune in licence fees for the hotel. Ah, here it is."
The mood music at that time of night was sexy and sultry.
Alessa quickly absorbed the tempo and began to dance seductively, this time with confidence from the outset. Within a minute or so, unexpurgated displays of her body in a multitude of revealing poses had Jeff's cock rock solid again. She spotted his erection and increased her teasing, approaching closer to the bed as she danced. Finally, she knelt one knee on the bed within reach of him, leaving her thighs parted wide in an inviting pose. That proved decisive.
He pulled her body down onto the bed and onto her hands and knees. She was uneasy at kneeling like a dog -- or bitch. She looked over her shoulder at him apprehensively as he knelt at her bottom cheeks and fingered her moist-again vulva. It was primed for more action so he sank his cock deep inside her, doggy-style. She had never been naked and on all fours with a man before, let alone penetrated from behind. Being entered from that angle, his cock felt exceptionally big and thick inside her. She gasped, as much with uncertainty, as with tinges of arousal.
"Are you going to take me through all the positions in the Kama Sutra," she asked nervously.
He began to thrust and withdraw to the end of his cock's bulbous tip. Her vagina tremored at this unaccustomed angle of entry. Her tactile responses were magnified many times above their usual response. At first, she feared that she could not cope with the intensity of her building sensations. The size of his cock inside her felt far too great for her tunnel to cope. But his hands on her breasts from above and behind added a new dimension of erogenous stimulation. His thighs slapped against her bottom cheeks. His sacs dash against her undercarriage. It all added new dimensions to her stimulation. It felt like unexpectedly pleasurable physical assaults from the rear. She feared that her body would not cope with such intensity. But it responded with a super slow build up to a far more intense orgasm than she had ever experienced before. Yet another astonishing first.
Jeff felt and heard her climax, and released his own pent-up pressure with an emphatically loud orgasm and forceful spermal eruption. But the orgasmic aftershocks kept on coming, prompting him to persist with his thrustings for as long as his diminished cock remained inside her. Alessa's orgasms kept repeating, until she gasped, "Stop, no more, I can't take any more."
She lay on her back laughing. After a few minutes respite, she sighed. "Never mind about conventional love-making, I'll take more of that pure, undiluted sex any day. I feel like a changed woman."
After a few more minutes she murmured, "You know I'm a Catholic? I'm at my most fertile just now, and I'm very happy about that."
~*~*~
Thanks to those who took the time to read this series. All comments welcomed.