Just a short little something for the holiday season. Merry Christmas!
I woke to scraping on the roof. At nineteen years old, I knew it was the big tree in the backyard and not Santa Clause, it woke me all the same. I looked at the time and sighed—three o'clock.
We had gotten home from my grandmother's a little after one and I was out like a light. My parents used the time after we got home to wrap our immediate family's presents. It was an annual tradition. They opened a bottle of wine, turned on 'A Christmas Story,' and wrapped our presents. It never made sense to me that they did it the night before, but it was what it was.
I was thirsty, so I opened my door and looked to see if they were still up. I didn't want to get yelled at for spying on my presents. Those spankings from my youth were still fresh on my mind.
Hearing nothing and seeing no lights on, I made my way downstairs and froze at the bottom of the stairway. My mom was bent over the couch getting fucked from behind by a man in a Santa suit. It was a great suit. The beard looked incredibly real.
I watched in shock as her large natural breasts swung with each hard thrust from Santa, who I certainly hoped was my father. Her eyes were closed in lust, and she licked her lips. "Fuck me, Santa. Fuck me harder, Saint Nick."
I sat down to avoid being seen and watched as Santa continued to plow my old-fashioned mother from behind. I have to admit she looked hot with her sweaty hair matted to her forehead and her pawg ass jiggling with each impact. I found myself getting hard at the sight.
The slapping sound was loud and sexy. Her moans were soft and frequent. Santa groaned, "Ho, ho, fucking ho, you've been a naughty girl this year haven't you?"
"No...ugh...Santa...ooh. I've...oh God!...been...a...ah...good...ugh...girl."
"You've been a slut, haven't you? You've been letting your husband have your ass, haven't you?" Santa said which made me almost give up my presence. I couldn't believe my mom did anal. Holy shit!
"Yes, Santa, oh God! Harder, I'm so close. Jim loves my butt and I love it too."
I couldn't believe my ears. Then my cock got rock hard imagining my mom with a dick in her ass.
"Well, Mary, I just happen to have some lube right here."
What happened next shattered all of my preconceived notions of what was really happening. Out of nowhere, a bottle appeared in his hand bathed in a shower of golden sparkles. It couldn't really be Santa Claus banging my mom in our living room, could it?
I watched Santa take off his gloves and squirt the liquid onto her crack. He fingered her backdoor and she squealed in delight at the double penetration.
"So good, Santa. So fucking good."
I gasped when he pulled out of her pussy and flopped his hog onto her back. I couldn't take my eyes off of his long fat cock as he lubed it up. I couldn't believe she could take it. I looked down at my tent and realized I was nearly as long, but nowhere near the girth of that meat stick. I feared for her being injured.
He said, "Are you ready, Mary?"
"Yes, Santa. Give it to me."
He pressed the tip in, and I watched her eyes bulge in shock.
"Holy hell," she shrieked.
Santa flashed an evil grin and pushed forward. "Oh, damn," he groaned. "You're the tightest ass I'll have all night."
I saw anger flash in my mother's eyes, but it was only for a moment. She got lost in the sensation from the intruder in her ass.
"Yes, Santa. Nice and slow. Just like that."
He threw his head back started to piston back and forth. The sight was incredible, I wished I had a camera. I was going to have jerk off fodder for a long time with just the memory.
"Oh yeah, Mary. That's what you like, isn't it, Santa's slut. You're my slut right?"
"Yes, Santa. I'm your slut. Oh, fuck that's good."
He continued his steady pace as he stretched her hole. I could only imagine what it looked like up close. What I was seeing was better than any porn I'd ever seen.
"You love it don't you. You love my big cock in your ass."
"Yes, Santa. Oh, fuck! Yes."
He picked up his pace and started to slam into her. I could hear the slapping again and it was so sexy. I loved that sound. Then I watched her fall to the cushion and bring her fingers to her pussy. Added to the slapping sound was the sloshing sound of her wet pussy being fingered to orgasm.
"Cum for me, Mary. Cum hard."
"Fuck, fuck, yes!" she shrieked loudly. They didn't break stride, oblivious to how loud they were. I couldn't believe they didn't wake my sister.
"I'm close, Mary. I want to cum on your tits."
He pulled out and she spun around onto her knees. He only stroked a few times before rope after rope blasted onto her neck and chest.
He groaned in pleasure before he flicked the last drops of cum at her. It was so dirty, so unlike my mother on any other day of the year. Well, I assumed that. I'd never watched her get fucked before.
A red towel appeared, and he wiped off his cock, still slick with lube, then my mom's ass. He tossed it into the fireplace and pulled up his pants. I watched my mom sip some wine as he fastened his belt.
He smiled at her as he straightened his hat. "You're the best fuck ever, Mary. I still can't believe you can take me anally."
"I trained for it, Santa. I used dildos and butt plugs to get used to the size."
"Such a good girl, Mary. You've definitely earned this one."
He moved his hands like a magician and a present appeared in his hand. It looked like a necklace box.
"Oh, Santa. You're too good to me."
She stood and kissed him. I took that opportunity to return to my bedroom. I never got my drink.
***
"Rise and shine, everybody," my mom shouted from the kitchen. When we were kids, she was the one who got woken up by us. Funny how times change.
I walked into the hall and saw my sister emerge from her room. Her hair looked every bit like a rat's nest as she scratched her butt and elbowed me out of her way.
I shook my head and took delight in the smell of cinnamon rolls and sausage wafting through the house.
Dad was pouring a cup of coffee as mom flipped the sausage. "Jenny, Mark, do you want to put the icing on the rolls?"
We'd been doing that since we were old enough to hold the spatula.
"Of course, daddy," Jenny said brightly. She was eighteen but delighted in Christmas as if she were still five.
I sat down and watched dad as he slapped mom on her butt. She winced and gave him a yelp. He smirked knowingly as he sat with his coffee. I still didn't know what the hell happened the previous night. Was it really Santa Clause? Or was it my dad?
I watched mom closely that morning. I'd never before noticed how sexy she was. I always knew she was pretty but seeing her take a large dick in her pooper gave me something entirely different to think about.
We finished icing the rolls and Jenny excused herself to go to the bathroom. Mom sat down and took dad's hand. She looked at me with a smirk and said, "Did you enjoy the show, Mark?"
Busted!
"Um..." I stuttered.
"It's okay," dad said. He waved his hands and a napkin appeared in his hand. "Just don't do it again, okay?"
I nodded and bit into my roll. I couldn't believe I forgot dad used to do magic for us when we were little kids. I couldn't believe that's all they said about it. Years later, when I caught them screwing in my garage, I realized they were exhibitionists. Unreal.
Merry Christmas! Thanks for reading my stuff and for all of your feedback.