"Ah!" Dr. Hagstrom said, looking straight at Beechcroft. "The vulture finally comes flying out of the darkness to descend upon her helpless victim!"
The idea of any sound coming from the taciturn Dr. Hagstrom, who had been silent for so long, startled us all.
Beechcroft made no reply. She merely cocked her head further to one side as she focused one of her bird-like eyes upon her erstwhile accomplice.
"Yes, I am talking about you Millicent Beechcroft! You deceiver and betrayer! You are nothing more than a coward!"
Beechcroft stepped back a few paces away from Dr. Hagstrom, who was slowly coming closer with each step. I noticed a faint glimmer of fear in the woman's eyes as she sought protection from one of the officers.
"That's enough!" the judge said to Dr. Hagstrom. "Say what you have to say."
With a look of infinite regret, Dr. Hagstrom turned to me.
"Ah, my dear Christiana! You think that I have deceived you, but I tell you that it is not true! Do you hear that Michelle and you girls? I tell you it is not true! Your work is not destroyed. It is still safe and sound. Safe and sound!"
I stared at her in disbelief. "But you just admitted..."
"No, Christiana, no. Did you hear me say anything?"
It is true she had refused to answer all our inquiries. And even though all of us misconstrued her silence as an admission of guilt, we did not stop to think that it might have also been a ploy to outwit a fiend into confessing a far greater evil.
"Then...then are you saying that my research is all intact?"
"Yes, dear one! Anna has kept it all safe for you. I do this because I love you so much!"
I stood there for a moment contemplating her words. Just minutes before I had believed that all my work had perished in flames and deception. It was almost too much to hope for.
"This is wonderful news!" Stephan exclaimed.
"I can hardly believe it," I said, feeling giddy. "But why didn't you say anything?"
Before she could answer, Beechcroft moved between us, her face livid with anger.
"You told me you destroyed everything! And I was foolish enough to believe you! How could you do this to me?"
Dr. Hagstrom laughed in her face. "I did nothing to you, you stupid woman. Nothing but prevent you from hurting an innocent person!"
"I will tear out your eyes!" screamed Beechcroft, extending a bony hand.
Dr. Hagstrom moved to counter her antagonist but the two officers interceded, forcing the two belligerent women to stand at opposite sides of the room.
"Dr. Hagstrom," the judge said. "Would you care to enlighten us to what the hell is going on here?"
"Of course, your honor. Of course."
She turned to me.
"Christiana, I will not lie to you. I was involved with this woman's plans to defame you and steal your great work. In the beginning I was jealous of you because you accomplished something that I could never do. Somethingshecould never do! But when I came to know you better, I grew to like you. Yes! I Anna Hagstrom grew to like you. And I do not like too many people!"
As she said this she gave Beechcroft a harsh look.
"She wanted to ruin you so that you would be forced to befriend me, and in this way she hoped you would divulge the missing genetic codes necessary to replicate the drug. But, when the judge dismissed the case, she had to ditch that whole plan. She was afraid that you would get too chummy with me and then she would be left out of the equation. So you see, she betrayed you and she betrayed me."
All eyes slowly turned on Beechcroft, who had now moved into the shadows of the late day sun. She looked like a wounded bird fluttering about, chased away by a far stronger opponent who would not allow her to savor her kill.
"You are a fool Anna," she said with a rasping voice. "A greater fool than you know. You will pay dearly for your treachery I promise you."
"I do not think it is I who will pay when I tell them what you did."
Beechcroft's body seemed to fold in on itself as she slithered backwards into the shadows.
"Ah, yes!" Dr. Hagstrom exclaimed. "Go hide in the dark. Better for us not to see your lying face!"
The woman in black retreated further still, her eyes never leaving her adversary.
Dr. Hagstrom turned to me. "What I tell you now is the truth. And I am ashamed because for a little while I was part of it. But she is the one responsible for burning down your Clinic. Yes, Christiana, it is true. She is the one who did it!"
This accusation, as incredible sounding as it was, did not shock me as it otherwise might have if I had not already experienced a chain of similarly horrible events during the past several days. Yet it was a most distressing feeling for me to believe that Beechcroft could hate me so profoundly—she, who had never really known the object of her hatred other than what she might have learned about me though secondary sources—that the only way she could appease her wrath was through violent means. But this was indeed the case with her. Over a great span of years the jealousy and rage she felt toward me had grown to such a degree that it demanded physical expression, and her madness had finally found a way to accomplish it.
"Is this true?" I asked her.
She vacillated for a moment as though trying to gauge my emotional state, as if even at this late stage of the game she might yet be able to manipulate me in order to suit her own selfish purposes.
"You and I can still be friends doctor...Christiana," she said haltingly. "You don't need these others. All you need is me. I am a great doctor just like you. The only difference is that the world never recognized my greatness. But now, through you, they will. Together you and I will become immortal!"
Bonnie guffawed. "Look lady," she said to Beechcroft. "You're not strung too tightly here okay? Just answer my sister's question."
Beechcroft, paying Bonnie no heed, continued as if she had not been interrupted.
"You don't know what it's like. Never having suffered defeat yourself, how could you? I made discoveries too; some of them quite wonderful; maybe even more wonderful than your precious drug. But my colleagues at Harvard, they downplayed my ideas. They told me that my tenets were unworkable. And the more I struggled to raise my voice, the more they shouted me down. Even after all these years, I can still hear their laughter. But now I have a chance to pay them back for their insolence and lack of vision. I have you! You and I will show them what true greatness is. Together, we will throw their arrogance right back in their faces! And it will be Swensen and Beechcroft who will be the ones to laugh!"
She ended this diatribe with a long cackle as she replaced her black hat on top of her head. The rest of us just stood there dumbfounded, waiting for the effect of her crazed words to dissipate. There was no doubt any longer about the woman's sanity. She had been corrupted by hatred, and all I was now seeing were the burnt remains of an intellect that had long ago been consumed in the fires of unfulfilled ambition.
"It was you, wasn't it? I asked her again, feeling both pity and contempt for the pathetic woman.
She cocked her head to one side and gave me a disconcerted look.
"I didn't want to do it, but you gave me no other choice," she said as if admonishing me. "You know that miserable piece of excrement? That little man you call Luis? Well, I paid his cousin Antonio to do it. 'Burn it down,' I told him. 'She won't need it anymore. She's coming with me to America!' And he did a very good job of it too. Don't you think?"
Without a word Bonnie lunged at Beechcroft, forcing both her hands around the terrified woman's throat. And she would have succeeded in strangling her had not the two officers intervened. It only took a few seconds for the powerful cop to pull Bonnie away from the woman, but as he did so, she thrust her foot into Beechcroft's stomach and she fell back into the chairs, clutching her throat.
At that moment we heard and felt a loud bang, as though something heavy had impacted with the outer wall. In a matter of seconds, several policemen came running through the door to the courtroom.
"Get out! Get out now!" one of the cops said. "They've broken through the cordon! We can't hold them any longer! Everybody get out!"
It was a mad dash for the service door as we fought one another like crazed animals in a stampeding herd. I could hear the sounds of the tumult occurring just outside the door, threatening to spill into the courtroom at any second. We had miscalculated. We had stayed too long thanks to one frightened woman who now watched our exit with eyes full of confusion and horror.
Some of the officers ordered the dazed Beechcroft to accompany us, but she looked uncertain of what to do. By the time she got to her feet those same officers were now employed in preventing the crowd from penetrating the area we now found ourselves in. It was a losing battle for the police. As the bulk of our party scrambled out the service door, several men broke through the line looking for someone, anyone, to take out their frustration upon.
"There she is!" one of them said, pointing at me.
We were still waiting for several people in front of us to get through the exit. I grabbed onto Stephan.
"Get behind me!" he said, shielding me with his body.
Acting swiftly, two cops brought both men down with their nightsticks before they ever got close to us. But two more men suddenly caught sight of the woman in black, now cowering in the shadows, and dashed toward her.
"Christiana!" she screamed. "Help me!"
Beechcroft looked like a terrified animal caught in a trap. And, as she did on that day when she had been chased down in the Clinic, she lost her senses and dashed up the small flight of stairs leading up to a tiny balcony overlooking the courtroom. On either side of the balcony were two tall windows that opened up onto the parking lot below. One of the windows was open. In her frenzy, she crouched down and stepped out onto the ledge.
"Oh my God Stephan!" I said looking up at tiny figure in the window. "She's going to jump!"
Responding to her plea for help, I started to move toward her.
"No, doctor," Barney said suddenly coming up from behind us. "I'll go and get her. You two get the hell out of here!"
But it was too late. The crowd had now broken through and Barney had to run for his life. Bravely pushing Stefan and I ahead of him, he effectively fought off three attackers with one hand while he used the other to push me through the door. In that split second I looked up and saw the backs of two men kneeling by the window and then I heard a woman scream. The cowardly bird had fallen from her perch.
************
************
Christiana's journal entry dated August 1, Capri, Italy:
This is the first chance I have had since leaving Stockholm to enter into this journal all the events dating from the conclusion of the hearing up to, and including, my departure to Bonnie and Philip's villa located on the western shores of the island of Capri—their vacation home for the past nine years. For the past two weeks I have been enjoying myself here in this wondrous land, far away from the persistent press and the autograph hounds. It is an idyllic land, filled with ancient architectural wonders from a more civilized time, all ensconced in a landscape of timeless beauty.
The villa was built along the lines of the classical Roman style, replete with a shaded portico, sunlit atrium, an arboretum, and even a large black and white tiled dining room, which Phillip joking refers to as the vomitorium. Despite the nod to antiquity, the villa contains every modern convenience.
The weather here has been consistently sunny and temperate, and has afforded me the opportunity to spend much time by the ocean—where I am writing this now—finding it conducive to sit for hours by myself ruminating upon the motley patchwork of experiences that have formed the tapestry of my life.
Bonnie has been a constant source of love and support to me. From helping me with my halting Italian, to introducing me to the local cuisine, she has kept me from sinking too far into those insidious philosophical doldrums that I am wont to do when left to my own devices. Her vibrant nature, and warm and sunny disposition, is very much like the land itself; a perfect blend of tranquility and harmony wherein she and Philip have found their spirits refreshed and their love made whole again in the light of the healing Mediterranean sun.
Now I should like to attempt to recapitulate the myriad events following the hearing.
After all of us had made our hurried exit safely out of the courthouse, we were whisked away in a flotilla of paddy wagons and squad cars that took us far away from the mayhem. Rebecca, Michelle, Sheila, Jennifer, Dr. Hagstrom, and I were driven to the University, where we immediately began work on replicating the drug. Working through the night, we finally produced an oral medication that was delivered into the hands of Judge Carlsdotter himself and distributed to all the men who were suffering from the side effects of EJAX-472. The new medication would remedy their symptoms with only one dose, and then, within a day or so, their bodies would return to normalcy. The subjects of my experiment however would continue to take the drug once a day, as a normal part of their EJAX-472 regimen.
Two days after the dose had been administered, Dr. Hagstrom had the doors of the University hospital thrown open to admit the judge and all those who had been suffering from involuntary ejaculation. After all the tests were concluded, it was found that all the men had indeed returned to normal. All my test subjects, too, were tested after a one-week interval and each man was seen to be doing splendidly, with no side effects or complications whatsoever. With the help of Judge Carlsdotter, my patent was subsequently approved by the Pharmaceutical Association of Sweden and is now pending distribution through a company in England. The drug will soon be available throughout the entire world in the form of an oral medication to treat male reproductive disorders.
The media frenzy that resulted in the wake of the hearing was finally quelled with all the politicians and law enforcement officers—Judge Carlsdotter, the Mayor, Lt. Endland, Sgt. Richter, Mr. Gustafson, and many others—being let off the hook by the President himself, who upon hearing the whole remarkable story of the drug, felt it would not be in the city's best interests to incarcerate men who had otherwise shown exemplary behavior with respect to their roles as public servants. Philip, too, was exonerated of all wrongdoing after Stephan had shown that his willingness to assist the police had resulted in the prosecution and conviction of Luis Ramon Hernandez, who was apprehended not long after the hearing in Miami, Florida by Interpol agents. In due time, everything returned to normal, and the city's social and political life went on as usual.
Once the general public discovered that I had effected a cure for the problematical drug, and that the claims for its efficacy were substantiated by the leading doctors and scientists of the medical community, I was hailed a hero. Offers soon poured in from all around the world for me to speak on behalf of this new and acclaimed "wonder drug," but being uncomfortable in the spotlight, I refused them all. Rebecca, however, has decided to act as spokesperson for EJAX-472, and has done an admirable job of it, speaking in various cities across the globe and appearing on a slew of talk shows. I was delighted the other day to find a picture of her in a medical magazine promoting the drug; wearing a radiant smile and surrounded by a bevy of handsome men.
Plans for the construction of the new Clinic, I'm happy to say, are currently underway. The building will be part of a new corporate center located in the heart of the city's medical district. With the financing and support of many philanthropists, the new structure will have the distinction of being one of the most advanced medical facilities in the world. My brother-in-law Philip contributed over five million dollars of his own money to help fund the project, in deference to Bonnie's wishes. In the meantime, Dr. Hagstrom has allowed me to conduct any further research at Stockholm University with complete autonomy—made possible by my now elevated status as a modern medical genius.
I have been in touch with all my friends and colleagues over the course of the past few weeks via phone or e-mail. I was thrilled to learn recently that Cheryl and Craig have fallen in love, and have set a date next year for their wedding. With my help, Cheryl, Maria, and Lynette have found suitable employment at various other health institutions, and have expressed their desire to return to work for me once the Clinic is in operation. In my estimation, they have proven to be the most loyal of friends and I miss them dearly.
As for my colleagues, Michelle, Sheila, Jennifer, and Dr. Hagstrom have shown me nothing but affection and dedication during the whole of the EJAX-472 crisis. Without their help I would not have been able to complete my research. And to them I owe a debt of gratitude. To Dr. Hagstrom, especially, I am indebted. She could have easily ended my career if she had carried out her original plan. Thankfully, she came to her senses at the last moment. I have nothing but the deepest sense of affection toward her and she, in return, has shown me nothing but kindness and love.
But of all these people, Rebecca will always be my most trusted friend and confidant. Her loyalty to me cannot be measured in words, nor can her devotion to her work be easily estimated. For eight years she has been my friend, partner, confessor, and strong right arm, and without her my journey into the unknown territories of genetic science might never have taken place. Of all the people in my life, I hold her in the highest esteem.
I would like to conclude this entry with an update on the current progress of my test subjects, most of with whom I now share a deepening friendship.
John Cardelli and his wife Ann will be moving to the United States in a few months, he having accepted a professorship at Columbia University. Through the intervention of Ms. Stedman, he has been vindicated of all criminal charges and his teaching license has been reinstated. But because of the bad feelings that continue to exist between him and his former pupils and their parents, and the memories associated with the 'incident,' he and Ann have decided to leave it all behind and start anew in America. He told me that both Bridget Veerhoft and Helga Nelson have been expelled from St. Bridget's, but that the other girls, having since expressed regret for their actions, were reinstated upon the condition that they maintain a superior academic standing. As for Abby Rylander, she was recently accepted into our own Stockholm University, where she will major in speech pathology.
Jeffrey and Priscilla Ames sent me an e-mail yesterday to inform me that they are both fine and are looking forward to seeing me when I return to Stockholm in the fall. Stuart Borg and his fiancé Denise are all set to tie the knot in October and I am invited to the wedding. They are anxious to have a baby, Denise told me. Adam Hildebrand has found a job with a modeling agency and is currently working on a car commercial. He told me that he no longer fears encounters with women who have become familiar to him, thanks to my help. This will, no doubt, prove invaluable to him, and to his future wife, whoever she may be.
Luis Ramon Hernandez, as I mentioned earlier, was apprehended in Miami, Florida and is now serving a five-year prison sentence for his role in the burning down of the Clinic, attempted armed robbery, and drug theft. Lt. Endland informed me recently that one of the prison's biggest and ugliest inmates has taken a fancy to the little Hispanic man. I have little sympathy for him.
As for the man who helped saved not only my life, but that of my now current boyfriend, Stephan Ambrose, all I can say is 'thank God for Barney Cole!' I found out last week that he and his wife Janine had separated and that divorce papers are being drawn up. He told me that he loved her, but that her negativity was ruining their marriage. I, of course, was not the least bit surprised to hear this. He sounded a bit down when I spoke to him, but he cheered up a little when he told me that he was recently hired as a male stripper at one of Stockholm's more upscale adult clubs.
Although not a part of the original test study, Craig Lundquist has proven to be a marvelous friend. He and Cheryl send me e-mails every day and he stops at nothing to lavish praise upon me and my work every chance he gets. It was due to his unflinching courage and loyalty that a cure for the drug's debilitating side effects was developed, helping him and all the other men to resume a normal life. He is an exemplary individual.
I could not end this entry without remembering a woman who, although I could never consider her a friend, was nonetheless a victim of her own self-inflicted torment and is therefore deserving of my pity. In those last moments at the courthouse, when I was fleeing for my life before a crowd of hysterical men and women, I chanced to look up at the balcony window and saw a frightened woman trying to evade the clutches of two angry men by stepping out onto the window's ledge. I was to learn in the following morning's newspaper that the men had actually tried to help her, but she did not believe them and sought to escape by walking along the narrow concrete ledge that encircled the upper story. She didn't get far before she lost her footing and fell fifty feet to the ground below. On the way to the hospital she was pronounced dead; she had died from internal hemorrhaging. Her body was flown back to Cambridge, Massachusetts, where she was buried alongside her parents in the family crypt. Only her younger brother, his wife, and a few colleagues had attended her funeral.
Millicent Beechcroft will remain nothing more than a footnote in scientific history, but to me she will always occupy a special place in my mind. A reminder of what fate awaits those who desire without struggling, who dream without working, who live without loving. And in her final moments on this earth I like to think that when she stepped off that ledge, she was somehow mysteriously transfigured, and the crude, predatory creature she once had been had now turned into a beautiful, white dove that flew joyously into the golden light of the setting sun, undaunted and unconcerned as it looked down upon a world filled with human misery and folly, and was grateful to no longer be part of it.

************
************

On the following morning Bonnie and I took our breakfast out on the veranda. Philip was gone on a three-day business trip to Rome and we had the house all to ourselves. It was a glorious day, full of sunshine and the aroma of sweetly scented flowers filling the air. The ocean breeze caressed the shoreline below with a gentle zephyr and the cries of gulls could be heard far above as they circled the high cliffs that rose up into the mist-laden mountains to the north.
Her butler, Carlo, had prepared for us a light breakfast consisting of juice, coffee, fruit, scrambled eggs, and croissants. He was extremely handsome and served his mistress with the utmost attention and respect. Unlike some of the other servants in the household, he was recently hired and had no idea what my sister had in store for him. Eventually he would succumb willingly to her overpowering charm and feminine strength, as most men in her employ unfailingly did. But this was why he was chosen in the first place. My sister had always enjoyed keeping a stable full of studs that she could call upon in a moment's notice, and she did not fail to look with great pride upon her most recent addition.
After he had finished serving us, she dismissed him.
"Thank you Carlo, you may go," she said.
"Yes, Ms. Olmsted," he said as he walked out.
"He's gorgeous," I said. And he speaks excellent English."
"He should," she replied. "He's got his doctorate in English literature. He teaches at the University in Bologna, but he's off on sabbatical."
"To serve you?"
"Hey, I pay these people a lot of money," she said defensively. "You know, for their services."
I knew what she meant. "Poor unsuspecting man," I said taking a sip of my juice.
It was good to feel the warmth of the sun on my back as I ate. Rarely did I have the opportunity to relax and just enjoy life for its own sake, but here all this was possible.
Bonnie and I talked about the trip to Venice, Florence, and Milan that we were going to take together in a few days, and during the course of the conversation the subject of my birthday came up.
"Tomorrow is your big day sis," she said. "Anything special you want to do?"
I shook my head. "The trip to Venice is all I need."
"Yeah," but that's still several days away. I'm talking about tomorrow."
"No," I replied. "Let's just have a quiet dinner here by ourselves. I don't need to do anything special."
She looked at me and wondered. "Boy, you and I are so different about stuff like that. I like to go out and socialize and whoop it up. But you? Give you a book and the ocean and goodbye!"
After we had finished breakfast we decided to take a leisurely walk along the beach. The sand was white and shimmering, and felt warm beneath my bare feet. For several minutes we said nothing to each other, preferring instead to just walk and enjoy the spectacular scenery. Finally, Bonnie took my hand in hers and gave me a playful tickle.
"What are you thinking about sis?"
"Am I that transparent?" I answered.
"Only to me. I know when there's something on your mind."
We walked a little further along until we reached a small outcropping of rock that rose up from the shoreline and extended all the way to the grassy dunes several hundred feet inland. I climbed up onto one of the more massive boulders and sat down, turning my body to face the sea.
"When I think of this beautiful place I find it hard to believe that only a month has passed since all the craziness started. It seems so far away and remote to me now. Almost like it never happened."
"I know what you mean," Bonnie said, sitting down beside me. "This place does tend to make one forget things—thebadthings."
I sat there silently for a while letting the cooling ocean breeze flow over my body.
"Doesn't that feel great!" I said, extending my arms to welcome the onrush of air.
Bonnie looked at me with a funny grin. "That's so unlike you sis."
"What do you mean?"
"That little thing you just did with your arms. It's not like you."
"What do you mean, this?" I said, performing the same movements but only in an even more exaggeration fashion.
"Are you okay?" she said, looking at me suspect.
"Oh, Bonnie, how could I be anything else!" I replied, as I tilted my head back and raised my outstretched arms up toward the radiant, pastel-blue sky. "I just love the smell of the ocean!"
"Did you get into my wacky weed sis?" she asked, looking concerned.
I laughed long and hard. "No Bonnie, you know I don't do that stuff."
"Well come down off your cloud will you? You're making me nervous."
She was not used to seeing me act so spontaneously, and neither was I. But something in the irresistibly sunny Mediterranean atmosphere made me feel alive in a way I had never felt before. And I could not help but express my joy despite my usually reserved nature.
"I don't want to go home Bonnie," I said.
"You don't have to," she replied, leaning back on her elbows. "You're welcome to stay here as long as you like."
"Hmm..." I said, watching the waves break upon the shore.
"Is that what's bothering you?" she asked, studying my reaction.
"No. But as much as I love it here, my life is back home. And there's Stephan now too."
"He is a wonderful man, isn't he?"
"A very good man," I said, seeing his smiling face before my eyes. "I think I'm in love with him."
Bonnie's face lit up. "I knew it! I knew it!" she said overjoyed. "I knew you two were destined to be together. You can see it just from the way you two look at each other. Oh, that's wonderful sis!"
She gave me a powerful hug.
"You know sis," she said, "you've changed."
"Oh yeah?" I replied. In what way?"
"I'm not sure if it's because you're in love or the influence this place has on you, but you've seemed to open up...like a flower after a spring rain. I think it's great. I'm just not used to it."
I studied her face in the unforgiving light of the hot sun and saw a woman of uncompromising beauty; a face much like my own except that the extra years and the worries of recent events had placed a few more fine lines around the corners of her eyes.
"You've changed too," I said, touching her hand gently.
We lingered on the beach for another hour or so, talking about the details of our upcoming trip. As we made our way back to the villa our conversation came around to the subject of Dr. Beechcroft, and the unfortunate way she had died.
"May God forgive me sis, but at one point I really wanted to kill that woman."
"You nearly did," I said.
"She was evil. You can't tell me she wasn't evil."
"Was she really evil Bonnie? Or was she just...tortured? I can't help but feel that if we had reached out to her, she might still be alive today."
I don't know sis," she said, mulling it over. "But from my point of view that's a long shot. In any case, you have nothing to feel guilty about. She brought that misery upon herself."
"That's what's so sad about it," I said, as I headed out before her toward the house.
My birthday came and went. Bonnie and I celebrated alone but Carlo was called upon to serve the birthday cake and was ordered to do an impromptu striptease in my honor. At first he thought Bonnie was kidding. But when she ordered him again—this time in Italian—he knew she was serious. He put on a good show but never removed his bikini underwear, which, although he had a splendid physique, I was grateful for. She presented me with a beautiful pearl necklace, which she and Philip had picked up in Crete some weeks earlier. It was the most stunning piece of jewelry I had ever seen.
After dinner we took a stroll onto the beach and then returned to talk about our impending trip. Carlo made one last appearance to clean up the glasses we left behind and he and Bonnie headed toward her bedroom together. She winked at me, and with a lecherous look she indicated that I should join them, but although I found the idea tempting, I was simply too tired. She told me later that Carlo had proven to be a superb lover. Watching his sensuous dance earlier, I was not surprised.
Philip returned from Rome just in time to watch Bonnie and I depart on our trip. He seemed sad to see her leave but told us that he had much business to attend to and would appreciate having some time alone to himself. After dropping us off at the airport he kissed Bonnie goodbye and whispered something in her ear that made her cry out in surprise. She never divulged to me what he had told her, but judging by her reaction, I guessed that it must have been sexually related. I was later proven to be correct in my assumption.
The flight to Venice was uneventful. After checking into our hotel, we wasted no time in setting about taking in the sights of the remarkably beautiful city, so rich in history, architecture, and art. The young Italian men, seeing two tall, blond Swedes walking around their sacred city earned us consistent whistles and howls. The rides in the gondola were something I will always treasure.
We spent four days in the city on the water and then moved on by train to Florence and then Milan, where we spent another entire week taking in the sights. We left from Milan airport at the end of the second week of our visit, laden down with all kinds of souvenirs and trinkets. Bonnie bought Philip many fine pieces of artwork and replicas of ancient statuary, which she had shipped over to the island. In all, it was one of the most enjoyable and memorable times I had ever experienced, and I was thrilled to have shared it all with my sister.
We arrived on the island late on Saturday afternoon when the sun was already beginning to dip into the horizon. Philip picked us up at the airport and after showering us both with hugs and kisses, drove us back to the villa. He seemed very animated and sang Italian love songs most of the way home. A few times I caught him and Bonnie exchange knowing glances, but at the time I thought they were of a personal and intimate nature. Little did I know what was awaiting me in that villa overlooking the ocean.
As the car pulled up to the house, it was already after sundown. Carlo came out to greet us with two other servants who took our luggage to our rooms while he drove the car into the garage. The three of us walked through the portico and up a few steps leading to the front door. Both Bonnie and Philip, who had been chatting nonstop in the car, were suddenly silent.
"Is everything all right with you too?" I asked. "You're both so quiet."
"Of course everything is all right," Bonnie assured me. "I guess everybody's tired that's all."
Philip opened the front door.
"Well I hope you have some energy left inside you ladies," he said. "Welcome home!"
Suddenly the lights came on, and from every corner of the room a tremendous shout arose.
"Happy Birthday Christiana!" came the overpowering chorus of voices.
From all sides a mass of people descended upon me. Some faces I knew, some I didn't, but all of them greeted me with warm smiles and friendly hugs. The well wishes came fast and furious and I didn't know where to look first. I had been taken completely by surprise, and that was not an easy thing to do to me.
The first thing I noticed after the initial shock had worn off, was that everyone was dressed in a Roman toga, and their very cozy demeanors alerted me that this party had been in full swing for some time already.
"You're two weeks late!" I said overjoyed, as my eyes fell upon my colleagues from the University, my friends, and, standing in the middle of everyone, Stephan.
My handsome boyfriend, now looking more like a patrician than a lawyer, embraced me and kissed me passionately.
"Happy birthday my love," he said. "Are you surprised to see me?"
"Yes! Yes! Of course I am!" I said, as I kissed him even harder. "Oh my God! Look at all of you! This is wonderful!"
I really didn't know where to look first or what to say, I was so overwhelmed by the intensity of the moment. Philip acted as my temporary bodyguard, while Bonnie ran interference with the crowd who was pressing in on me from every angle.
"Okay," she said to everyone. "Give the lady some room to breathe for Christ's sake!"
As the sea of people mulled around me, I turned to Philip who was standing next to me with a look of satisfaction on his face.
"I see you've been a busy boy while we were away."
"Actually, Bonnie and I have been planning this for weeks. It's my way of saying thank you."
I kissed him on the cheek. "What a wonderful surprise!"
My eyes swept over the crowd from left to right, searching for familiar faces.
"Here we are Chris!" Michelle said, waving to me. She was only a few feet away but had to fight her way forward to get to me. Behind her stood Sheila and Jennifer who followed close behind.
"Hey, you guys!" I said, hugging them each in turn as they arrived. "It's so good to see you all."
"Anna sends her regards," Michelle said.
"It's too bad she couldn't make it," I replied. "How is she?"
"She's fine. She's teaching summer sessions otherwise she would have come. You look fantastic Chris."
"Must be the climate," Sheila noted. "It's so invigorating."
"When did you get in?"
"This morning. And we've been partying ever since."
Jennifer giggled. "There's some prime Italian beef hanging around here Christiana let me tell you."
"That's all she's been thinking about," Michelle said.
"Well it's hard not to think about it," Jennifer replied. "I'd love to see what's underneath their togas!"
We all laughed.
"I must say you girls look lovely in those outfits," I said, inspecting the loose fitting white robes.
"That was your nutty sister's idea," Michelle said. "But they do look kind of sexy in a strange way."
"If you like bed sheets!" Sheila laughed.
"Hey Chris! Chris!"
Making her way up the middle of the crowd with a drink in her hands was Rebecca, looking like the goddess Venus herself.
"Happy birthday boss!" she said, flinging her arms around me.
Closely following in her wake were Maria and Lynette, and behind them Cheryl and Craig.
"This is too much!" I said, returning her hug. "I'm not used to being away from you for so long. I missed you!"
"I missed you too, Christiana. But we're all here now. Look! Here they come!"
"Happy birthday doctor Swensen!" Maria said, kissing me.
"Maria!" I said embracing her. "It's so good to see you!"
"And happy birthday from me and Big Barney!" Lynette said, reaching over Maria to kiss my cheek.
"Thank you so much," I said, as I kissed them both. "You told Barney it was my birthday?"
"He came with us," Lynette said. "There he is, right over there! Hey Barney!"
The tall, imposing figure turned his head upon hearing his name and was now making his way toward us with a big smile on his face. He looked more like Hercules than ever in his short, white toga.
"Hey doc!" he said merrily. "Happy birthday!"
He bent forward to kiss me, but I noticed that his arms went straight around Lynette's waist.
"This is fantastic," I said. "I'm so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you all!"
"Don't forget about us!" Cheryl said, popping her head in between Maria and Lynette.
"Oh, Cheryl, you look fabulous! Hi Craig!"
"Hi doctor Swensen," he said. "Happy birthday!"
"Yes, happy birthday doctor," Cheryl said, as she squeezed herself in between the other girls. "When Bonnie told us about your party, we just had to come."
"Yeah," Craig agreed. "We wouldn't have missed it for anything."
"Congratulations on your engagement you two. I'm looking forward to the wedding."
"So are we," Cheryl said, looking lovingly at Craig.
"The other guys couldn't make it," he said. "But they wanted me to wish you a happy birthday just the same."
"That was so sweet of them," I said.
"Okay everybody," Bonnie said, suddenly appearing from the adjoining room. "My sister, husband, and I have to change into our togas. You can continue meeting and greeting later. Let's go!"
"Happy birthday sweetheart," Stephan said, kissing me. "I'll see you in a little while."
"Okay," I replied. "See you at the Forum!"
After Bonnie, Philip, and I had changed into our togas, we each went our separate ways. But before she left my side, she introduced me to several people who were in charge of running her clothing line in shops located on the mainland. The three women were all pristine examples of stunning Mediterranean beauty—tall, brunette, and olive-complexioned. I was in awe of them and told them so.
"But you are beautiful yourself, no?" a woman named Julia said to me in broken English.
The other two women smiled at me and said something to Julia in Italian.
"They say," Julia said, "that you remind them of a...a famous movie actress...Theresa, no...Terry something or other...you know...Lois Lane...Superman's girlfriend in that television show, only you have blonde hair."
"People have told me that over the years. I take it as a compliment."
"Ah, yes, so you should. She is a gorgeous woman."
I learned that the other two women's names were Felicia and Rosaria. Although I could not converse directly with either one of them, Julia happily acted as an interpreter, and it was soon revealed to me that these women were not only beautiful, but highly intelligent and savvy business people. If Forbes magazine had ever decided to do a swimsuit edition, these three would have certainly made the front cover.
Stephan and I shared a quick drink together before Bonnie came by and stole me away from him, demanding that there were other people for me to meet.
"You'll have plenty of time to be with him later," she said. "He's planning on staying for a few weeks."
"I know. He told me," I said, reluctantly letting go of his hand.
As we walked from room to room I noticed very quickly that there were far more women than men. In fact, I did not notice any other males outside of Philip, Stephan, Craig, and Barney. Carlo, and the other two male servants, did not count, as they were there to serve, not to participate. Most of these women were friends and business acquaintances of Bonnie's, some of whom I knew. When I asked her why there weren't any more men, she winked at me and said that it was "girls night out," and left it at that.
During the course of the next hour, she had introduced me to roughly a little over one hundred women, varying in ages from eighteen to seventy, and representing a motley assortment of ethnicities. One woman, however, made an indelible impression upon me. Her name was Phoebe Anjou, a beautiful, blonde American businesswoman who had married a French duke and who now made her home in a castle on the outskirts of Paris. Beyond the fact that she was beautiful, she possessed a very keen mind and a commanding presence; being dressed in a white sheet serving to heighten her allure rather than detract from it. Her daughter, Angelique, was a spin-off of her mother, and every bit as forthright, if not more so. At eighteen, she was a force to be reckoned with.
"Don't be taken in by that nobility crap," the girl told me, making sure her mother was out of earshot. "My mom's family is originally from Los Angeles. You know, typical upper middle class."
"She seems to have done very well for herself," I said.
"My dad's a real duke. She met him in Paris and that's where they fell in love. Pretty romantic huh?"
"I would say so."
She looked at me for a moment, pondering what to say.
"You know, maybe you could come visit us sometime. My mom's always throwing parties and stuff. She's a pretty important person you know."
"I'm sure she is," I replied. "I'll think about it. Thanks for the invitation."
I actually got to talk to Phoebe, as she insisted I call her, not long afterward. I found her unassuming and a pleasant conversationalist, although there were times I could have pictured her in a latex suit brandishing a whip.
"Yes, my daughter is very much like me," she began, laughing. "The two of us like to control things—our businesses, our relationships...our men. But then again, I hear you do too."
I was a bit put off by her insinuation.
"I've been called a control freak by some," I admitted, reluctantly. "But that pertains to my work."
"You must be very proud of your achievements," she said.
"You know about my experiments?"
"Only from what Bonnie and Philip have told me," she replied. "Do you enjoy being in control?"
"In my professional life I have no choice," I answered. "But in my personal affairs, yes, I suppose I do. But sometimes it's nice to let others take the reins."
I could feel that she was testing the waters with me, as if trying to find some common ground upon which she could forge some kind of connection. The issue of control seemed to be of special concern to her.
"I don't know if Angelique told you," she began, "but I am quite involved in civic affairs back in my own country. My husband is an extremely powerful man and through him I have become involved in many philanthropic activities promoting social welfare. There is a society of women, mostly made up of people such as yourself—doctors, lawyers, social workers, celebrities, and many other people from various disciplines—who get together several times a year at my chateau to talk business and to enjoy themselves. I think you would find it most interesting."
"Your daughter did mention something about it. What exactly takes place at these meetings?"
"I would not call them 'meetings' as such," she answered. "They are more like social engagements, a fraternity of like-minded individuals who share common interests."
"I see. Has my sister ever attended one of your 'engagements'?"
"No, unfortunately. But I think you would enjoy it. We are having our next get together around the middle of September. If you would like to attend, let Bonnie know and I will forward all the information to her."
She took a sip of her drink and smiled.
I felt that behind her seemingly innocent invitation there was more, much more, she wasn't telling me. I searched her face for any sign of a clue, but she simply stared back at me, smiling complacently.
"Is there any particular reason you want me to come?" I asked bluntly.
"As I told you," she said evasively. "I think you would enjoy it."
I questioned Bonnie about Phoebe's invitation, but there was little she could tell me, having never been a part of the woman's secretive-sounding club. She did say, however, that Phoebe was well respected and much loved in her own country, having been behind the funding of many useful social services for the young and underprivileged. Intrigued as I was, I decided to learn more about this seemingly enigmatic and fascinating woman before making any commitment to attend her little 'get together'.
I spent the next few hours socializing with friends and guests, Stephan close by my side. Philip and Bonnie were the perfect hosts, making certain that my belated celebration wanted for nothing. The dinner they had prepared was a sumptuous repast, with a choice of several entrees and carefully chosen wines from their local vineyard. Everyone, it seemed, was having a splendid time.
When dinner was over, Bonnie ordered her servants to bring out my birthday cake. After enduring a mostly off-key rendition of "Happy Birthday," I was then allowed to open my gifts as we sat and had our dessert and espresso. I received many lovely and rather expensive gifts, but the one that made me most happy was the one bestowed upon me by Stephan. It was an architectural drawing—and artist's conception of my new Clinic, whose construction was now fully underway. His law firm had handled the negotiations for the project and, through his persistent efforts, succeeded in getting work on the structure begun months earlier than originally scheduled.
"I don't know what to say," I said to Stephan, as my eyes filled with tears.
He looked at me and smiled lovingly.
Rebecca, who was sitting to my immediate right, suddenly got up and took the picture from me and began passing it around.
"Here everybody, have a look," she said.
She then took my hand and offered me a napkin to wipe my eyes.
"What my dear friend means to say is that she thinks all of us are simply wonderful and she thanks everyone from the bottom of her heart. Right sweetie?"
"Right sweetie," I replied between sobs.
"A toast!" Bonnie said, raising her glass, to which everyone else joined in. "To my little sister. The most beautiful woman I know."
"Here's to you beautiful!" Stephan added.
After all the remnants of dinner had been removed, Bonnie made an announcement.
"Okay," she began, "the servants have been discharged for the night and the fun is now about to begin. Let's move this whole thing out onto the veranda everybody. It's time to party!"
Everybody made a mass exodus for the doors that led out onto the tiled portico, which was now festooned with all sorts of birthday favors and decorations. Rows of colored floodlights provided an intense but harsh illumination as the sound of disco music came blaring through the loud speakers. Dozens of tables and chairs had been set up on the borders of the dance area making the whole portico look like a nightclub. In a matter of seconds the entire group of celebrants poured out onto the veranda and began dancing to the music.
"Aren't you going to dance?" asked Angelique, who had appeared suddenly from behind the colonnade.
"I'm not much of a dancer," I said.
"But it's your birthday," she replied, taking my hand in hers. "Come on Christiana. Don't be shy."
She began to pull me toward the dance floor, but I gently pulled my hand away.
"Maybe later," I said, a bit unnerved by the girl's boldness.
"Okay," she said, seemingly unconcerned.
I watched her as she ran into the crowd, disappearing into the mass of gyrating bodies.
"She's a lot like her mother. Always has to have things her way."
Philip took a sip of wine and looked out over the sea of bobbing heads. He seemed quite inebriated.
"Better sit down or you'll fall down," I advised him.
"Don't worry about me dear sister-in-law," he replied, briefly losing his footing. "I have to leave you now. I have to get ready for my big entrance."
"What are you talking about?"
"Can't tell you that. Oh no. Bonnie would have my head."
"Another one of her extravaganzas?" I said with some misgivings.
"What did you expect? It's your birthday!"
He turned to leave.
"Philip, what do you know about Phoebe Anjou?"
He chuckled at the mention of her name.
"Let's put it this way," he said. "She uses men like she uses toilet paper. Does that tell you enough?"
He didn't wait for me to reply as I watched him stumble back into the house. I wondered under what set of circumstances he had been led to that conclusion. From what Bonnie had told me, she was a kind, though controlling, benefactress. But his perception of her was a distinctly negative one. I could only surmise that the truth lay somewhere between the two extremes.
From behind me I heard the sound of laughter. I turned around to find Maria, Michelle, Cheryl, Lynette, and Rebecca headed toward the dance floor.
"Better watch out, Chris," Michelle said. "Bonnie's got something planned for you."
"There's nothing she can do that would surprise me."
"Oh, I wouldn't be too sure about that!" Lynette replied.
All of them laughed.
"Have any of you seen Stephan?" I asked.
"He's with Craig and the rest of the guys," Cheryl replied.
"Well, what are they doing?"
"Getting ready for the show, what else?" Maria answered.
"What show?" I asked as they sauntered off onto the dance floor.
Rebecca answered me by waving one of her special tubes of lipstick in the air.
"Gonna be a whole lot of shakin' goin' on tonight, Chris!" she said, laughing.
They were all drunk and I had barely consumed a half glass of wine. I suddenly felt like a stranger at my own party.
I went back into the house to find Bonnie talking excitedly with Sheila and Jennifer.
"She's going to love it. Trust me," she said to the two women.
"What am I going to love?" I asked her.
"Hey!" she said. "You're not supposed to be here. Now get out there and start having some fun."
"Oh, please Bonnie. You don't have to do this."
"Do what? Did Philip open his big mouth?"
"He doesn't have to say anything. I know you."
Sheila looked at me and frowned. "And you were doing so well up to now," she said, with a disappointed look.
"It's not that I don't appreciate it," I said. "It's just that I kind of wanted to spend some time with Stephan...alone."
"You're going to have a chance to see plenty of him right now," Jennifer said coyly.
"I don't like the sound of that." I turned to Bonnie. "We're not going to celebrate with another three-ring circus now are we?"
"Look, sis," Bonnie said. "He's the one who volunteered to do this so please don't give me a hard time. You're going to spend two whole weeks with the man, so what the hell are you complaining about?"
"Okay, fine," I said. "But there better not be a midget or a cannon in sight."
As I left I heard Bonnie say, "I love her but sometimes she can be so...I don't know...prissy!"
Okay, so maybe I was a little 'prissy,' as she said. Maybe if I had more of a penchant for alcohol, like most of them did, I would be less prissy. The truth of the matter was that I really didn't want to be a part of another one of Bonnie's mega productions. Her birthday party had been eventful enough, and somewhere in the back of my mind I had harbored thoughts that this celebration may conceal unpleasant experiences that, like hers, were just waiting for the right moment to be revealed. I was especially concerned with how Stephan would react to my sister's tendencies toward lasciviousness. He was, after all, quite modest, and I feared that she might have talked him into doing something he would have preferred not to do, but did anyway to please me.
I sat outside on the veranda watching the people dance but not feeling inclined to do so myself. My friends came over to me at intervals, trying to persuade me to join them on the dance floor, but I declined them every time. At last, after a whole half hour had passed, Rebecca came over and sat down next to me. I could tell she was concerned as well as annoyed.
"Here you are, sitting by yourself with that sad look on your face, and everyone thinks you're having a miserable time, including me," she said firmly. "Now what the hell is troubling you Chris? This is your birthday party for Christ's sake!"
"I'm sorry Rebecca," I replied. "I know you don't think I'm happy, but I am, really. I'm just...overwhelmed."
"Overwhelmed by what?"
I sat quietly for a few moments staring into my soda.
"Don't tell me. It's Stephan isn't it?" she asked.
"Yes."
"Well what's the problem Chris? You love him? You don't love him? What?"
"It's just that I've never had a man love me the way he does. It's such a powerful love. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to lose myself in it."
She laughed. "So that's it! You're afraid of joining the rest of us mere mortals when we, through no conscious effort of our own, dare to put our hearts on the line and love somebody unconditionally. You're afraid of losing your precious control."
"I suppose I am."
"Well, I only have one word of advice for you Chris: lose it! Lose control! You're living in one of the most romantic spots in the whole world. All you have to do is let go, and let this place work its magic on you."
"I have felt its magic Rebecca. I have felt it. Believe me. And that's what's so scary about it. It's beautiful and scary at the same time."
"Of course it is, Chris!" she said. "All of life is beautiful and scary. And love is the most beautiful and scariest thing of all. Whenever you really love somebody, it's like putting all your cards on the table. You're saying to that person, 'Here I am, no tricks.' And if that person really loves you back, then you win. If not, then you deal another hand. But if you refuse to deal, then you're not playing in the game of life at all. Don't be one of those people."
As she finished her speech, she placed her hand over mine and stared at me with her intense blue eyes. She might have been a little drunk but her intent was clear.
"Do you remember that night when I kissed you?" I said.
"Yes," she replied.
"I never told you this, but I enjoyed it."
"I know," she said, caressing my hand. "Come on. Let's get up and dance."
Sometimes people are their own worst enemies. And this was no less true than in my own case. Capri had been a liberating experience for me, for I had allowed myself to open my heart and mind to its enchanting influence. But falling in love meant surrendering part of yourself to another living being: the individual identity coalescing and losing itself within the greater whole. And this fear of losing is what Rebecca had so astutely recognized. She saw that I was standing in my own way.
For years, she and Bonnie, and most of my other friends, had tried in vain to get me to come out of my shell. But my work always came first, most often to the detriment of my social life. During the entire seven years in which I toiled day after day to create EJAX-472, I had enjoyed no real relationships, forgoing these things in favor of the vision I slavishly sought to bring to reality even at the cost of my own personal happiness. But now I was beginning to undergo a radical shift in my thinking about the way in which I had chosen to live my life.
As I danced with Rebecca in my arms, our bare feet flying over the cool tiles of the portico, I tilted my head back and allowed her to take me by my wrists and whirl me around and around, faster and faster, until the floodlights and hanging lanterns became a blurry mass of dazzling colors that swirled around my head with such dizzying intensity that I became lost in the blazing conflagration of light. And, as I abandoned myself to the intoxicating rhythms of the music and the heady night air, I began to experience a gradual melting away of the nameless terror under whose shadow I had lived for so long. Watching the faces of my friends as they laughed and danced about me, clapping their hands and urging me on as I now danced without any partner at all, I finally realized that my love for Stephan did not mean that my own identity and sense of purpose had to be compromised. But rather that by joining together, we would create something even far more magical and profound than anything I could ever hope to envision in the sterile laboratory which had become my heart. And when the music finally came to an end, and a startled Rebecca and my other friends struggled to pick me up off the floor, drenched in sweat and overcome with joy, I knew that the person who strangely resembled me, whom I recognized as my enemy, would have no dominion over me any longer. Because the next time I saw that person coming, I would step out of the way.
"Oh, my God, look at you!" Michelle said, delighted to find me in such a bedeviled state. "Are you drunk?"
I was laughing so hard I couldn't even reply. And then suddenly, I saw my sister Bonnie looking down upon me from above, her face twisted into a puzzled grin.
"What the fuck are you doing sis?" she said as if admonishing a child.
"I'm sitting here on the floor on my ass!" I replied, with images still swimming before my eyes.
"I can see that!" Bonnie said, as she grabbed my arm and helped me to my feet. "You're really something." She reached for a chair. "Here, sit down."
At this point, several of my friends had gathered around me, curious as to why I was behaving in such an unusual manner.
"She doesn't look drunk to me," Sheila said, as she looked me in the eye.
"No Sheila, I'm not," I replied, in a giddy voice.
"Then what is it?' Bonnie demanded to know. "Why are you acting so crazy?"
I thought it funny for my sister to ask me such as question: she, herself, epitomizing the sexually debauched wild woman of her own recent birthday celebration.
"If you want to blame anybody," I said, pointing at Rebecca. "Blame her."
"What the hell are you talking about Chris?" Rebecca said, as all eyes focused on her.
"You know damn well what I'm talking about," I replied. "That little speech you gave me. It woke me up. You made me realize that I've been living in a box. And I don't want to live in a box anymore Bonnie. I want to be like the rest of you. I want to be just as loose and carefree and crazy as you are. Is that so hard to understand?"
My sister's gaze fell upon the crowd and then upon me.
"Sure sis, sure," she said looking concerned. "Whatever you want. But you know, we kind of like you just the way you are."
"You do?"
"Yes, we do. But if you want to act like a nut cake, please go right ahead. It's your birthday, you can do anything you want."
I thought about what she said for a moment and then made a decision.
"You know you're right. It is my birthday...well, two weeks late, but still, it's my party, and I'm going to act just like the rest of you drunken fools. Somebody give me a drink!"
Several martinis later and I was feeling on top of the world, or to put it more precisely, I felt like the world was on top of me. But this feeling soon passed as I continued to imbibe the delicious concoction, that is, until Bonnie intervened.
"That's it sis," she said, pulling the third drink out of my hands. "Any more and you'll miss your party."
Even in my semi-inebriated state, I knew she was right. I was not used to drinking, and I knew if I continued I would not make it through the night.
"Okay, sweetie pie," I said, my tongue feeling a little thick in my mouth. "So tell me, what have you got planned?"
"Well, I can tell you this much. Barney and the boys are providing the entertainment tonight. They cooked something up when they were on the plane.""What did they cook up?"
"I don't know. They didn't tell me."
"Are you sure?" I said, gently prodding her.
"Of course I'm sure. And even if I did, I wouldn't tell you because it's supposed to be a surprise."Just then Carlo appeared.
"We are ready now Ms. Olmstead."
"Thank you Carlo," she said. "Tell them to begin."
Leaving me seated where I was, Bonnie walked over to the far end of the portico where a small riser, about one foot in height, had been placed. Directly behind this makeshift stage was a stairway leading down into the servant's quarters toward where Carlo was now headed. A microphone had been placed center stage and Bonnie took the instrument in hand as she addressed the crowd.
"Ladies!" she yelled. "Are you having a good time tonight?"
She was greeted with a deafening roar of applause and cheers.
"That's what I like to hear!" she said. "Now I want all you to take your seats because we are going to have a special performance in honor of Christiana's birthday!"
There was another round of applause.
"Are you going to strip for us Bonnie?" Michelle asked, raising her glass in a mock toast.
"You wish!" Bonnie replied.
"Come on," Jennifer said, slowing inching her way to the nearest chair. "Everybody sit the fuck down!"
As I watched the crowd settle into their seats, Rebecca came toward me and grabbed my hand.
"You're sitting up front in the seat of honor," she said, pulling me out of my chair.
She dragged me to a table that stood about six feet from the center of the riser. Maria, Cheryl, and Lynette, all of whom were quite drunk, had already seated themselves. Before I could say anything to them, Rebecca pushed me into one of the three remaining empty seats and took a seat to my left. The vacant chair on my right was reserved for Bonnie.
At the table on my left sat Michelle, Jennifer, and Sheila with several other women I didn't know. To my right were the three lovely Italian businesswomen: Julia, Felicia, and Rosaria, each one looking deliciously exotic as they sat there with their long legs crossed sipping Chianti. At the same table sat Phoebe Anjou and her daughter Angelique. Both of them smiled politely at me. I noticed that neither of them had touched a drink all night.
Most of the tables surrounding us were filled with anywhere from six to ten women, most of them tipsy from having consumed too much alcohol. When Bonnie saw that everyone was now seated she introduced the act.
"And now ladies," she began, "I give you "Big Barney and his All-Star Revue!"
As the loudspeakers began playing a famous disco song from the 1970s, Bonnie jumped off the stage to join us.
"This better be good," she said to everyone as we waited to see what was going to happen.
For a few moments the music played with no sign of Barney. Then I heard Julia exclaim something in Italian and we all looked in her direction. She was pointing to the stage.
"Here they come!" she shouted excitedly.
Everyone stood up at the same time.
"It's Barney!" Lynette screamed. "Look at that gorgeous man!"
He did indeed look gorgeous. Dressed in a modified version of his toga, the cloth on the arms and legs having been cut away to reveal his powerfully muscular limbs, he came dancing up the stairs and onto the stage as he sang along with the song, moving every bit as gracefully as a ballet dancer. Behind him, and dressed in similar attire, were Craig, Philip, and—to my utter astonishment—Stephan, looking somewhat self-conscious and shy as he fell into line with the others on the stage.
To the delight of the crowd all four men began to dance in step, as if the entire act had been pre-rehearsed. I was to find out later that Barney had borrowed some of his routines from his popular male strip show and had taught the three other men some of his less intricate moves. It gave an otherwise amateur performance a surprisingly professional touch and the audience loved it.
"Doctor Swensen," Cheryl said leaning toward me. "What do you think of Stephan?"
"I didn't know lawyers could dance!" I laughed, as I watched my boyfriend keep his eyes glued on Barney.
"I told you that you'd be seeing a lot more of him," Jennifer said, shouting over the din.
I had to admit that the men performed admirably. Barney was, by far, the most gifted dancer, but Craig was not far behind. His lean and boyish body moved in a more sensuous way than any of the others, and this was not wasted on Cheryl.
"Oh, baby, do me! Do me!" she screamed at the top of her lungs.
Philip seemed to hold his own, periodically sneaking a glance at his wife, who was taking in his performance with a big grin. Towards the end of a particular tricky movement, which he maneuvered with great skill, she got to her feet to applaud.
"I'm going to fuck your brains out later you handsome stud!" she cried.
This made everyone at our table break out into gales of laughter.
Maria was thoroughly enjoying herself. At one point I caught her reaching down between her legs to stroke her tender mound as Barney thrust his groin in her face. She laughed at his sudden ploy, but I could tell she was extremely turned on. For a split second I wondered what it would be like to have my face buried in the junction between her lovely thighs. Rebecca caught me looking at her and quickly whispered in my ear.
"Anytime you want to give it at a try," she said, her hot breath tickling my ear.
I didn't know how to respond, as the impulse came and went so fast that it startled me.
I had to remember that all my friends were drunk, as I nigh well was, and whatever sexual feelings we were experiencing toward each other could not be taken seriously. Why I felt this sudden lesbian desire toward Maria I could not explain. I could only surmise that it was the effect of the alcohol that had distorted my thinking. Rebecca, ever on the prowl for a good lesbian fuck, saw my untoward interest in Maria as an open invitation that she would have loved to have capitalized on, but my recent willingness to dispense with my sexual inhibitions was still a problematical issue to some degree, and I just wasn't sure if I wanted it to include making love to another woman.
As the first song came to a close, the women gave the amateur dance troupe a standing ovation. I found myself cheering right along with them, singling out Stephan for special attention. He smiled at me and threw me a kiss as the next song began. It was a very sexy mid-tempo disco song that brought all four men off the stage and straight over to me. Without any explanation or warning, Stephan picked me up in his arms and carried me to the stage where he and the other men began to rub themselves up against my body in a lewd display of passion. The audience went wild.
For the entire duration of the song I was groped, fondled, and teased by the four men who would often rub their genitals up against my buttocks in a mock attempt to fuck me. My friends were beside themselves with laughter at my surprised and often shocked reactions until I decided to turn the tables and started acting like the aggressor. I got so turned on from all the attention that I stuck my hand down Stephan's toga and played with his cock, driving him wild. By the time the dance had ended, I left him standing there with his cock fully erect and visible to everyone.
"Take if off!" Jennifer screamed at Stephan as I sat back down. "Let's see it!"
This command was taken up by the entire audience as the next song began playing. Barney wasted no time in giving the women what they wanted. He instructed the other three men what to do and suddenly the four of them began to strip off their togas in time to the music. It was a very deliberate and sexy strip, calculated to produce the most thrill for the effort. One by one, the clothes came off, revealing the tasty, delectable fruit underneath. By the time the song was halfway finished, all four men were standing completing naked on the stage, gyrating their hips so that their cocks swung to and fro with a life of their own. Although not as well endowed as Barney, Craig, or Philip, Stephan's penis was no less impressive for its thickness and attractiveness.
Concluding the entertainment with a set of marvelously rendered steps, the four men took their bows to the ecstatic applause of the crowd and made a graceful exit down the stairs.
"You should have seen yourself!" Sheila said to me, still clapping. "Miss prim and proper!"
"She was great," Rebecca answered. "Handled it like a pro!"
"Stephan's got quite a package," Jennifer laughed. "At least you know you're not getting short-changed!"
"My man's got the biggest package of them all!" Lynette observed.
"Oh, so it's your man, now huh?" Maria said.
"That's right girl. He's through with that other bitch."
"Yeah, she was a downer."
"Well, I still think Craig's got the nicest piece of equipment," Cheryl remarked.
"Of course you do," Michelle said. "You're in love."
Bonnie just sat there looking amused.
Once the applause had died down it seemed as though the night's entertainment had concluded. For a few minutes the women sat talking amongst themselves, waiting for some indication as to what they might next expect to see. Bonnie made no move toward the stage, but sat contentedly in her seat sipping on her drink. Then the lights dimmed, and suddenly through the loudspeakers the strains of some exotic, ethereal music began to play. The plaintive song was played on a lyre, and several other ancient instruments of antiquity, often used as a backdrop to many Roman-period Hollywood films, the notes reverberating throughout the villa in low, subdued tones, adding a distinctly classical flavor to the atmosphere. The girls and I looked at each other questioningly, but Bonnie sat unperturbed, as if she knew something we didn't.
"Okay, what's up Bonnie?" Michelle asked finally.
"You'll see," was all she would say.
I looked over at Phoebe and her daughter. They were speaking in low, hushed voices with Julia, but they seemed to know no more about what was going to happen than anyone else. An air of expectancy now came over everyone as we waited anxiously for something to happen. And then, when the tension had reached a point where it had almost become unbearable, the first in a line of twenty of more young girls, all dressed in beautiful flowing gowns and all singularly lovely, made their way up the stairway carrying large wooden bowls filled with roses, which they tossed down onto the floor of the portico as they passed. The procession circumvented the entire area, the girls often stopping to place a flower in someone's hair, or to entertain a group of women with a makeshift little dance. I was amazed to see that most of these girls were quite young, probably around eighteen or nineteen years of age, and I wondered what their role in this fanciful production they would ultimately play. I made a comment to Bonnie about it, but she only smiled and said nothing.
The parade of flower bearers finally culminated when they reached the middle area of the portico and, in unison, they deposited the remaining roses in a heap on the floor in front of them. One of the girls, a very pretty dark-eyed girl with flowing black hair, walked toward the center of the flowery tribute and genuflected before the audience, who were now quietly anticipating her words.
"All blessings of the god Apollo be upon you fair women of Rome," she began. "Tonight we pay honor to the one the god has chosen to be his escort."
Without another word, several of the girls came toward me and asked me to follow them. With assurances and encouragement from everyone around me, I rose from my seat and, taking me by the hand, they led me to the bed of roses. I stood there within the circle of girls, my bare feet buried under the mass of sweet-smelling flowers, looking somewhat beguiled. And then, the same dark-haired girl spoke again.
"Happy birthday Christiana," she said. "Behold the god Apollo!"
From the stairway emerged an enclosed litter, carried upon the backs of four men. Immediately behind the litter followed Barney, Craig, Philip, and Stephan, dressed in their previous costumes and bearing cages of exotic looking birds. As the entourage approached the place where I was standing, the litter was lowered to the floor and out popped none other than Carlo, all dressed up in a flowing white toga with a crown of olive leaves adorning his head. The audience stood up, cheering wildly.
"I give you Apollo!" the girl yelled above the roar of the crowd.
With that, the handsome, young god took my hand in his and kissed it.
"Happy birthday dearest Christiana!" Carlo said. "May fortune forever smile upon you!"
As he said those words the doors to the cages were opened and out flew the birds, fluttering and squawking as they made their way heavenward.
I thanked the god publicly for his graciousness and he then presented me with a golden tiara, which he carefully placed on my head amidst thunderous applause. He then escorted me back to my seat and returned to the girls, who slowly began to disrobe him.
As the last piece of clothing came off, we were treated to a sumptuous view. Carlo had a magnificent body; his tanned, muscular frame forming a perfect counterpoint to the more fair-skinned maidens surrounding him. His penis was already erect and the girls wasted no time in rubbing his entire body down with perfumed lotion. A few of the girls removed their robes, revealing the beauty of their lithe, young bodies to the appreciative god, who began to caress their small, girlish breasts with rapturous delight. Their panties, however, remained on.
The crowd was beginning to show its appreciation.
"Let's see some action!" Jennifer shouted from her seat.
"Give the god a blowjob!" some woman yelled from across the room.
In short order the entire audience was caught up in hurling lascivious remarks at the god and his devotees. As if in obedience to their will, the girls threw themselves at the bewildered but accommodating deity, letting their gentle ministrations overwhelm him.
"Let the games begin!" Maria cried.
Carlo took one look at my drunken assistant and beckoned her to come on stage. She looked around the table as if seeking permission until finally Rebecca and Cheryl insisted she get up. Acquiescing to the demands of the god and his female acolytes, Maria rose up from her chair and walked over to them, looking a bit unsteady. Several of the girls took her by the hand and led her before Carlo, who was now enjoying the caresses of several of the girls at once. He kissed Maria on the mouth and she returned his kiss, fervently stroking his cock as the audience shouted their approval. They kissed passionately for several minutes until Maria, overcome with lust, removed her robe entirely, exposing her naked body to the crowd.
When the god took in the sight of her gorgeous body with its cream-colored skin, he dropped to his knees and stuck his face in her crotch, his tongue seeking the sweet nectar that lay between the folds of her vagina. This brought the crowd to its feet.
"Lick her pussy you bastard!" shouted Angelique, who appeared that she might have taken part in the orgiastic display if her mother had not held her back.
Maria stood motionless, her legs spread wide apart, as the god continued his assault upon her womanhood. His tongue snaked out over and over again as it traveled back and forth from her pubes to her anus, resting occasionally on the soft, silky bud of her clitoris. Some of the girls were now using their own tongues to lick the delicate area between her ass cheeks, frequently fighting with each other in their attempt to get at her asshole and the area surrounding it.
As I watched her being fucked in this way, I recalled my own short-lived desire to perform the same function upon her myself, and I wondered why I had felt such feelings at all. What I realized as I continued to watch them was that Rebecca had awakened something within me several weeks ago when she and Cheryl had engaged in a threesome with Craig. I had kissed her that night, and it felt good. And now I wanted to try it on someone else, mostly out of curiosity, but mainly to see if I did have these lesbian tendencies within me. Maria had always possessed an earthy sensuality that I found appealing, and I supposed this was what drew me to her in the first place as a possible partner.
"He's got some tongue, let me tell you," Bonnie suddenly confessed.
Maria was close to orgasm; her moans filling the night sky. With Carlo's tongue now driving itself up inside her hot pussy with unrelenting fury, and the myriad other tongues licking and sucking on various pieces of her anatomy, the combined pleasure finally pushed her over the edge. To the sound of cheering, Maria started to cum.
"Fuck me Carlo!" she said, gripping his head between her hands. "Fuck my cunt hard!"
I had to admit that his technique was flawless. Throughout his performance his tongue never once left her body as it titillated the tasty mound of flesh comprising her vagina. At first gentle and teasing, his attack upon her grew steadily more passionate and intense, even as his own desire mounted. And now, just as she was beginning to surrender her creamy girl juice to the pleasure of his oral ministrations, he forced his tongue all the way up into her as far as it would go, using his hands to grip her buttocks as his face disappeared within her hairy bush.
"That's it! Yes! That's it mother fucker!" Maria screamed.
She drove her hot cunt into his face as she came, her entire body shaking violently. The raw power of the sexual act taking place not more than a few feet in front of me made me squirm with sudden desire.
"Oh, God," I moaned deep in my throat, as I clamped my legs together in sympathetic response.
No one paid any attention to my comment, as they were all, themselves, held spellbound by the wild scene. Her body convulsed several times as she rode the crest of her orgasm, and then finally it was over. The shaken woman was dressed and then escorted to our table by several girls as the applause washed over our heads.
"Maria, you were fucking awesome!" Cheryl commented, as she helped her friend into her chair.
All of us congratulated her on her fine performance, but her complete lack of inhibition made me jealous.
"How do you do that?" I asked her. "How do you just let yourself go in front of all these people?"
"A typical Christiana question," Bonnie joked.
"First of all," Maria said, "I'm drunk, okay. Second of all, I get off on having people watch me fuck. But you already know that don't you?"
She was right. I did know. But she misunderstood my intent. What I really wanted to know was how she managed to suppress her inhibitions. By what means was it achieved? The liquor didn't explain it because she would have participated even had she been sober. What exactly was it that made her do what she did? As I myself had always been the spectator and never the participant, I had no clue. But I was fast approaching the point where I no longer wished to remain in ignorance.
"Apollo wishes to bestow upon all of you his blessing," the dark-haired girl said. "Are you ready to receive it?"
The crowd roared their approval as several pairs of hands grasped his throbbing erection and began to masturbate him. The girls closed in around him now, some of them kneeling before him and sharing generous mouthfuls of the god's massive cock, while others playfully used their hands and tongues to stimulate other areas of his body. The loving treatment the girls were showing their beloved deity was driving him mad.
"Apollo invites all of you to partake in his sexual communion," the girl announced, even as her fist flew up and down over his huge pole. "Please join us. Don't be shy."
"I think we have a full blown Roman orgy on our hands here Chris," Rebecca said.
"It would certainly seem so," I replied.
"Well," she said, getting up. "See you later."
Before I could say anything, she was on her way toward the god, her hands already reaching out to grasp the breast of the nearest girl. In the next few minutes other women also got up from their seats and joined in the orgy. Maria followed Rebecca and then Cheryl and Lynette got up. A minute later Michelle and Jennifer also rose from their seats to take part in the wanton display of lust.
"Come on guys," Jennifer said to Sheila, Bonnie, and I. "You only live once."
Sheila then rose to leave, leaving only Bonnie and me.
"I'm surprised you weren't the first one up there," I said.
She looked at me thoughtfully. "You know sis, I'm trying to be a little more discrete these days. Philip's ego is none too stable and I just don't want him to start feeling like I don't love him anymore."
"I guess you didn't tell him you had sex with Carlo?" I asked.
"Normally I would have, but now...he just can't handle it. However, you could do me a big favor."
"What's that?"
"I want you to make love to my husband," she said bluntly.
"Are you serious?" I asked, shocked by her request.
"Just a handjob, that's all. No fucking. And I want you to do it now and get it over with. You know he's nuts about you."
"Look Bonnie, I don't really mind doing it if it means that much to you, but what the hell is Stephan going to think? I don't want to jeopardize my relationship with him."
"You won't. He seems pretty open minded to me. And if he starts to get jealous, I'll take care of him."
"I don't want you screwing around with his head Bonnie."
"Just the one between his legs, that's all. I promise."
Despite myself, I had to laugh at her comment. As I looked out on the floor I saw a pile of bodies entwined together like a mass of swirling snakes, all trying to wring pleasure from one another. I noticed that Phoebe and her daughter had joined in the fray, looking like a pair of generals surveying a battlefield. I noticed that both of them enjoyed the voyeuristic, rather than the exhibitionistic, aspect of sex.
The four men who had carried Carlo up the stairs were now engaged in sex with some of the women from the audience. Carlo, himself, was enjoying the lustful attention of several females at once.
Lynette was now locked in Barney's powerful embrace, and Cheryl and Craig were on the floor kissing passionately. At one point, Barney stepped back and did a little dance for Lynette, forcing his huge cock to bounce up and down.
"Oh, look at that thing go!" Lynette laughed.
Her squeals of delight drew everyone's attention to Barney's animated penis.
"What do you think baby, huh?" he asked Lynette. "Biggest one in the house I'd say."
"You got that right!" she said, still laughing.
His little dance was not wasted on Phoebe and her daughter, who were both held spellbound by the enormous wagging tool.
Two of the young neophytes had cornered Stephan into a corner and were attempting to disrobe him. He struggled with them and let them go so far as to kiss him, but I noticed he did not take any of his clothing off, nor did he let them touch his penis.
"See," Bonnie said. "Men just can't help themselves. And your boyfriend is no exception. He's putting up a good fight now, but in a few minutes they'll have him by the balls."
"And I'm supposed to just sit back and let it happen?"
"You can't change human nature."
"Maybe not. But why do I feel so jealous?"
"Because people in relationships tend to want to own one another. All of a sudden you're in love with someone and you think that gives you the right to treat him or her like private property. Look at Cheryl and Craig. You can't tell me that she hasn't already staked her claim on him. I doubt the poor guy will ever get his dick wet with another woman as long as she's in the picture."
I did notice that Cheryl had shown some resentment to any other women who took an interest in Craig, and she had soon become possessive of him. I think the days when she would casually share him with someone, as she did with Rebecca, were now over. Even now, as the two of them were fucking the daylights out of each other in full view of everyone else, they seemed to be in a world of their own, not allowing anyone to be part of their crazed union.
"I guarantee you ten to one that he shoots off inside her," Bonnie said.
"How do you know that?"
"A possessive woman doesn't like to share her lover's sperm with anyone else," she stated with assurance. "We're not going to see a drop."
A curious observation I thought, but maybe she did have a point after all. Sexual freedom, as I well knew, was one of the greatest freedoms of all, and although she and Philip had been swingers for years, there was no doubt that they loved one another. To continue to feel a sense of loyalty and trust toward a spouse who could simultaneously engage in sex with others took an incredible degree of self-esteem, and unselfish love. But Bonnie and Philip had achieved it. I had never met two people more in love or more willing to sacrifice their own personal happiness for the sake of the other. Their recent tribulations had proven this many times over. Even on the day after her birthday party when she had admitted to me and the other girls that she had thought of divorcing Philip in light of the EJAX-472 scandal, I knew that she was saying it out of hurt and disappointment, not from any real desire to leave him.
"Okay, Bonnie," I said, rising from my chair. "I'll do it, but only this once. Don't ever ask it of me again."
"Thanks sis," she replied. "You're a doll. Go and make him feel good."
I found Philip sitting by himself next to Julia, Felicia, and Rosaria, watching them take turns eating each other out. They seemed oblivious to his presence. When he saw me approach, his eyes lit up.
"You know even with that gown on," he began, "you can tell you've got some fucking gorgeous body underneath."
I chuckled. "You never made a point of hiding that fact from me—or your wife."
"Did she send you over here?"
I was surprised by his insight. "Why do you ask?"
"I know Bonnie very well. She probably wants you to cheer me up."
"Actually," I replied, undoing his robe, "she wants me to do a little more than that."
"Really?" he said, his eyes widening.
Philip allowed me to undress him without a word. I think he was too surprised to speak. And if he could say anything, I think he would have remained quiet rather than take the risk of spoiling his unexpected good fortune.
My eyes sought out Stephan, who was now talking with several women. One of them reached for his cock, but he pulled her hand away. Our eyes met then, and he smiled. Bonnie had been right, but only to a point: some men were putty in a woman's hands, but not all. And maybe it was true that some men's willful subservience was not confined simply to the object of their love and affection. But it was also true that some men put a high priority upon personal integrity and loyalty to a loved one. It was this latter category to which Stephan belonged.
"Hey Chris!" Rebecca shouted, as she removed a massive prick from between her lips. "Welcome to the club!"
She was happily engaged in sucking off one of the handsome Italian men who had served as a litter bearer for Apollo. He lay before her on his back, his huge, stiff cock buried up to its base in her throat. I noticed that her lips were glistening with her special lipstick lube that had worked so effectively on Luis during the experiment.
"She's good," Philip said. "But not as good as you I bet."
"My instructions are to give you a handjob, not a blowjob Philip. So don't get your hopes up."
"Look Christiana," he said. "If this is not cool..."
"Shut up and don't say anything. You know you want this and so does Bonnie. As for me, well I'll be damned if I'm not going to get some pleasure out of it too. Now come with me."
He obeyed me without complaint. I led him over to where the majority of women, who had not joined in the orgy, were milling about observing the proceedings.
"Lie down here so that all the ladies can watch this."
He did as I asked.
"Can you see him Bonnie?" I asked her.
"Perfectly," she replied smiling.
As soon as the women around me saw what I was going to do, they all pulled up their chairs to get a better look. My colleagues, who themselves were now engaged in various forms of sexual involvement, took a moment to watch me and to offer me their expertise on how to best masturbate him. Even Lynette, who was now being fucked by Barney in an upright position, shouted out some pointers. Barney, whose face was buried between her massive tits, poked his head out from between them and let out a hearty laugh.
"Hey doc," he said. "When you're done with him, you can start on me!"
Lynette frowned. "I'm gonna start on you right now, you big, black bastard!" she said, giving his ass several hard slaps.
Remembering that I had taken a small tube of the "Last-X" masturbation cream with me, I called to Bonnie to retrieve it from my purse. She had one of her friends bring the tube over to me and I began to apply the sticky lube to my palms.
"That looks dangerous," Philip said, as I put the cap back on.
"Only to you," I replied, as I wrapped both hands around his swollen cock.
He groaned with pleasure as I worked my hands up and down his shaft, allowing the tip of my thumb to tickle the sensitive glans on each successive journey upward. The small crowd of women would laugh each time I stroked his glans, which caused his lower body to spasm with pleasure. Heeding one woman's suggestion, I pulled his cock down between his legs and then suddenly let it go, causing myself and the rest of the women untold glee as the stiff slab of meat shot upwards into his abdomen. I did this several times until one woman offered the services of her bare foot in lieu of my hand. Philip looked on with fascination as he watched his cock bounce up and down repeatedly under the woman's agile ministrations. I allowed this to continue for several minutes until I once again had him in my slick hands.
"You know Philip," I said, keeping my tempo consistent. "I really hated you for a while. What you did to me and your wife was really low."
"I know. I know," he replied, taking in deep breaths.
"There was really no excuse for it. No excuse at all."
I gave him two rapid bursts that forced him to shove his body upward in a violent motion. Bonnie laughed aloud.
"I never meant to hurt anyone," he said quickly. "You have to believe that."
He took a quick look in his wife's direction.
"I do believe it Philip, but you were still an asshole."
"Yes, I was," he admitted freely.
"And you may still be for all I know."
Before he had a chance to answer I pulled on him with a vise-like grip, adding a little bit of pain to his pleasure.
"No, Christiana," he grimaced. "I learned my lesson. Believe me. I'm not an asshole. Not anymore."
"I'm glad to hear it," I replied. "Because if I thought for a moment that there was any chance of you falling back into your old ways..."
I let go of his prick. It swayed back and forth as if an invisible hand were stroking it.
"No!" he cried out in agony at seeing his tool abandoned so abruptly.
"Hey mom," I heard a voice behind me say. "An unmanned dick!"
It was Angelique, with her mother close behind.
"Oh, doctor Swensen," Phoebe said. "I see you've got your hands full—or did!"
We all laughed.
"Do you mind if we sit and watch too?"
"Be my guest."
Phoebe and her daughter took up seats on my left, right next to Philip's towering shaft. My hands once again resumed their task.
"My girlfriend Muriel told me that she can bring her boyfriend off in about a minute," Angelique proudly remarked.
"That is not an accomplishment," Phoebe said.
"You want to make the masturbation last as long as possible in order to give the greatest amount of pleasure," I said to the girl.
"Yes," Phoebe agreed. "You do want to prolong the masturbation that's true, but it's better if it's done for your pleasure rather than his."
"I think it can work both ways," I replied.
Phoebe looked at me curiously, as though the thought had never occurred to her before.
I know Philip was not enamored of the woman, but he said nothing about it, preferring to surrender himself to the pleasant feelings he was experiencing at my hands.
"Can I jerk him off Christiana?" Angelique said.
"I'm sorry, it's my sister's wish that I do this for him."
"Just sit and watch," Phoebe told her daughter. "Maybe you will learn something."
It was an amazing thing to see this relatively small microcosm of exhibitionists sheltered amidst the watchful eyes of an equally small contingent of voyeurs. And even more amazing was the fact that I was a willing part of it—an active performer rather than a passive bystander in this showcase of unbridled hedonism and debauchery. In the Clinic I had never masturbated anyone, with the exception of Big Barney and later, Craig, and even then I had only volunteered to do so because I felt pressured. But now, I was beginning to see that being involved was a lot nicer than simply watching and recording events passively, as I had done for most of my life in the lab. The unfortunate part of it all was that my reticence to experiment sexually and the lack of spontaneity in my personal life suffered because of the plodding, analytical nature I had developed in my professional life. It was actually a very skewed vision of reality that I had suffered under. But now that was all about to change.
"Now, Philip. I want you to listen to what I have to say. It's very important."
I gave him two sharp tugs on his balls, not to hurt him, just to let him know that I wasn't fooling around. This maneuver was not wasted on Phoebe and Angelique.
"Are you listening Philip?"
"Yes, Christiana," he replied, watching me tug away on his prick with fascination. "I'm listening."
"From now on," I said, "you are to obey your wife in all things. Is that understood?"
"Yes, yes."
"And you are never to do anything against the law ever again."
"I understand."
"You will obey her, and love her, and devote yourself to her with absolute loyalty. Do you understand?"
"Yes...yes..." He whimpered in his throat. "Oh, that feels so good!"
"Do you understand Philip?" I said, pinching the head of his penis lightly.
"Yes," he winced. "I...understand."
"Good. Now how are you going to treat Bonnie?"
"Um, I'm going to...obey her...and love her...and devote myself to her..."
"With absolute loyalty, right?"
"Yes, right. With absolute loyalty."
He was panting heavily now and I was beginning to see the first few clear drops of pre-cum appear at the tiny slit on top of his penis.
"Look mom," Angelique said. "He's getting excited."
"He's already excited you silly girl," Phoebe said. "What you're seeing here is the prelude to ejaculation. It happens to all men."
"Has your daughter even seen a man orgasm?" I asked Phoebe.
"A few times, but never from up close."
I didn't understand what she meant by "up close," but I was too involved with Philip to pursue the matter.
"You know Philip," I said. "Your balls and penis seem a bit distended. Now you didn't lie to me about the drug did you? You're not still taking it?"
"No! No! I swear! I have none left!"
"Okay," I said. "I believe you. You might still have a trace of the drug in your bloodstream though. Do your balls feel heavy and tight?"
"A little. But not as bad as when I was taking the drug."
I felt around his testicles and, although partially swollen beyond what might be considered normal, they seemed free of the drug.
"You still might experience a very robust orgasm. It will probably be the last one you will have now that the drug is almost out of your body."
"I'll try not to soil your clothes...Christiana," he said with an ingratiating smile.
"You know something Philip...don't worry about it. These women want to see you shoot off and the more you cum they happier everyone will be."
"I like it when a guy shoots a lot," Angelique observed.
"She's just like me doctor Swensen," Phoebe said. "We both love to see the sperm fly! Don't you ladies?"
The small crowd of women onlookers all agreed.
"My husband can fill a shot glass with cum, I swear," said one woman in her late fifties. "For an older man he still packs a wallop."
Phoebe wasn't impressed. "If you keep him on the verge of ecstasy for a very long time," she told the woman, "a man can fill up a dozen shot glasses."
"Really?" the woman said with surprise.
Philip was now producing pre-cum at a rapid rate, and I was using the salty fluid to lubricate his massive prick. He would look over at Bonnie every so often to gauge her response. She appeared to be enjoying my work.
"Give us a good show Philip!" she said laughing.
Philip smiled back at her and waved.
"Yes, dear," he said, trying to catch his breath.
"Philip," Phoebe said. "Do you mind if Angelique and I touch your balls?"
"I...I guess not. Is it okay, Christiana?"
"Go right ahead," I told her.
Both mother and daughter extended their hands and ran their fingers over the smooth, velvety scrotum. Philip sighed loudly.
"It feels so nice mother," the girl said, her eyes sparkling with keen interest.
"Yes, dear," she replied, as she teased the sperm-swollen sac. "They do feel especially smooth and taught." She turned to me. "You have a marvelous technique doctor. And all without the use of any tools."
"Fortunately for me I have people in my employ who are experts at giving handjobs," I said, giving his cock several rapid strokes from base to tip.
"You are fortunate. Giving a proper handjob is a lost art. My daughter is just starting to learn how to do it. It's an excellent way to control a man."
"I don't want to control them so much as bring them pleasure."
"Ah, but the pleasure comes from controlling them," she pointed out. "Look at him. He can barely talk or even think straight. Can you Philip?"
"I...I..."
Philip's eyes were shut tight. I could sense he was close to orgasm by the way his balls now ascended into his body.
"See? You've turned him into a slave who will do anything for you just so long as he gets his precious handjob. Doesn't that make you feel good to have such power over him?"
She ran her hand brusquely over the underside of his testicles to accentuate her point.
"I suppose so," I said. "But I'm doing this from a desire to please him, not to control him. Frankly, I don' think one person can really control another anyway."
She looked at me with a puzzled expression.
"But you do it all the time in your experiments do you not?"
"A certain amount of control in a clinical setting is imperative to the success of the experiment, yes. But to control people out of a desire to manipulate them for your own selfish ends is something else. I would say it's evil."
At this point, Angelique laughed aloud. "Oh, mother she doesn't know you very well!"
"Shut up Angelique," Phoebe said, annoyed that her daughter had been so forthcoming. By the frown on the older woman's face, I surmised that Angelique had come close to revealing something about her mother that Phoebe did not want divulged.
"I think you two should remove your hands from his scrotum. He's getting ready to cum."
Both women pulled their hands away, their eyes fixed upon my flying fist, now a blur on Philip's tensing cock. He started moaning constantly now as he thrust his hips up to meet my relentlessly stroking hand.
"Watch your dress," I said to Phoebe, as I felt Philip start to ejaculate.
From behind me a few of the young devotees from Apollo's group stood over my shoulder, curious to see what all the fuss was about. As soon as Philip saw their beautiful, girlish faces, his entire body froze.
"What a huge schlong!" a tiny girl with ponytails exclaimed.
It was the final coup de grace.
"Jesus Christ!" Philip wailed, as he started to erupt.
The first spurt of cum shot out so quickly and with such force that it sailed high up into the air like a bullet, careening upward in a perfect vertical trajectory for about twenty feet before beginning its descent. The suddenness of the ejaculation made the young girls scream with laughter, while the rest of us watched the white pasty stream with amazement, waiting to see where it would land. When it did finally hit the floor next to Philip, the impact was such that tiny tendrils of white shot out from the center, forming a host of smaller whitish puddles all around him. Seeing this, Angelique squealed.
"Wow! What a cumshot!" she exclaimed.
My hands pulled upwards again, teasing the glans mercilessly and with just the right amount of pressure to force another major explosion of cream. The next ejaculation simply dribbled out onto my stroking hand. But the third shot sailed high up into the air right over the heads of the group of women sitting to my left. They jumped when they saw the creamy burst, but it missed all of them, landing about ten feet away in a mass of shrubs, decorating the leaves with a thick patina of white. However, it was the fourth and fifth explosions that caused the most damage.
Even as the women's heads turned to follow one trajectory, Philip's cock let loose two volleys that followed closely upon one another, the first splashing into the outstretched leg of one woman, coating her legs and upper body; the second finding its way into the hair of several of the young girls standing behind me. It all happened so fast that no one had any time to move out of harm's way. The dark-haired beauty had been once of the victims, and she swore something in Italian as her friends laughed and tried to clean up the mess with a towel.
Angelique was next to get hit with a creamy burst of cum. Not listening to her mother to keep her head out of the way, she leaned in too close to the climaxing prick and one of the streams shot up and into her face, splashing into her cheek and bouncing off into the air, a substantial portion of it finding its way into the her wavy, blonde hair.
"Oh, he got me mom!" she complained, trying to remove the goo with a napkin.
Phoebe shook her head in wonderment at both the huge amount of cum and her daughter's heedlessness. I continued to pull on Philip, determined to drain his huge balls of every ounce of sperm.
"He's cumming again!" I said, feeling the semen shoot up from his spasming sac.
I had no sooner got the words out of my mouth than several long strands of paste shot out high into the air, splashing into people, chairs, tables, pocketbooks, and anything else that happened to be in the way. By now everyone in the entire room was watching Philip's wayward sperm as it poured out of him in torrents. Both my hands were now saturated with his hot seed and I had to hold on tightly to avoid my hands sliding off his cock. Phoebe was impressed.
"Keep going Christiana," she said, totally enraptured with my performance. "You're doing a wonderful job!"
Philip must have still retained some of the drug in his system, because his next ejaculation was a simultaneous burst of four or five intense spiral wads that flew about high in the air at random. This was one of the hallmarks of the drug's influence, and something I could never account for. The magnificent fleur de leis made everyone gasp, including me, as we watched it hold its form momentarily before quickly breaking up into its constituent globules.
"Splendid!" one woman observed.
One last blur of white shot out in the direction of the garden, and then, finally, it was all over.
"I have never seen a man orgasm like that!" Phoebe remarked. "It is really unbelievable!"
Many in the room echoed her sentiments.
"My sister created a drug that allows men to do that," Bonnie said standing up. "My husband still has a little left in him it seems. Great job Chris!"
Philip stood up as he and I received a thunderous round of applause. Barney and Craig even stopped in the middle of having sex to congratulate him. I saw him walk over to Bonnie and the two of them sat together while she helped clean him off. At one point, he took his wife in his arms and showered her with kisses. Soon, they too, were on the floor with the rest of us.
From all around me the sound of men being brought to orgasm filled the room.
The first one to shoot his load was none other than the god Apollo himself. Having already fucked more than a dozen of his young acolytes, he had now reached his breaking point and was begging to be jacked off. Two of his girls readily complied. With one girl standing on either side of him, they began to pull on his cock, aiming the tip into the open mouth of Maria who was kneeling in front of him. Her robe was open at the top, exposing her magnificent breasts. She took half of him in her mouth while the two girls furiously fisted him. Within less than a minute he was shooting his hot cream into my horny assistant's mouth. She swallowed what she could and then let the rest dribble out onto her tits, even as the girls' coaxing hands forced out several more spurts, which continued to anoint her face and hair.
From then on it all became a blur as one orgasm quickly followed another. At some point during the intense commotion, Stephan found his way to me and threw me on the floor, kissing me savagely. His hands reached under my gown and felt for my vagina. I tried to push his hand away but it was a half-hearted attempt. The truth was that I had been very turned on just having masturbated my brother-in-law, and now I was being inundated with sex everywhere I looked. To my right I saw Barney and Lynette fucking wildly. She was riding him like a crazed woman, lifting herself high up off his cock only to come down hard and fast upon it, impaling herself on the huge meat pole until his impressive length was fully absorbed inside her. Not far from them, Craig was plying his own massive tool into Cheryl's asshole while several girls looked on, her tits bouncing up and down in time with his thrusts. Rebecca had both Julia and Felicia feasting on her cunt, while she continued to suck on a massive cock belonging to one of the servants. Her gown was up around her neck. It was a scene that would have made a Roman emperor proud.
Suddenly one woman's strident scream cut through the banter like a knife. It was Michelle, and she was cumming.
I pushed Stephan off me just in time to see my colleague throw her legs up into the air as Rosaria shoved a massive dildo all the way up her cunt. She whimpered for a few seconds and then was still. Meanwhile, Jennifer and Sheila, who had been sharing one of Bonnie's servants, were now both starting to orgasm at the same time. While Sheila rode his cock, Jennifer sat on his face, his tongue stuck firmly inside her climaxing cunt. It was rather funny to see the two of them cum together, their loud moans adding to the general excitement.
Many other people were engaged in all sorts of various sex acts and pretty soon it became impossible to differentiate who were the participants and who were the onlookers. Stephan was now toying with my cunt, running his fingers over my lips as he continued to force his mouth over mine.
"I want you," he said as his arms enveloped me. "I want you so fucking bad!"
As he put his full weight on top of me, I reached down for his penis, which was now red hot to the touch. My cunt was dripping wet, and not waiting or caring for me to remove my panties, he pushed the fabric aside and inserted the head of his cock inside me. I gasped as I felt his steel-hard tool at the entrance of my vagina. For a moment, I deliberated whether or not I should put a stop to his amorous advances, feeling my old inhibitions taking over. The thought of being out of control was reasserting itself and I was uncertain of what to do. Yet, I felt that to fuck him was the only thing I wanted to do—the only thing that made sense in an already crazy world.
Suddenly I heard Barney shout.
"Yeah, baby now!"
I saw the powerful, yet feminine body of my Amazon friend hop off Barney's huge tool and take it between her hands. Two other women, one Chinese and one Russian, who both looked like they were in their late forties, shoved their big tits in his face as Lynette brought him to orgasm. The cum flew out from his prick in joyous globs, pasting Lynette's face with a coating of white lacquer.
At the same moment, Craig started to cum. He pulled his prick out of Cheryl's asshole just in time to provide his small audience of eighteen-year-olds with a spectacular round of thick, gooey cumshots, which landed all over Cheryl's ass and backside. And then I turned my head a little further to the left and saw Rebecca's beautiful face being drenched in rivers of molten, white lava. She laughed as the copious amounts of cum squirted into her waiting mouth and splashed into her cheeks and hair. And suddenly the moans and squeals in the room increased exponentially, as both men and women were each reaching their own sexual plateaus.
It was too much for me.
"Shove your fucking dick all the way up inside me," I ordered Stephan. "Shove it up all the way up to the hilt!"
Encouraged by my sudden enthusiasm, he did as I ordered. With one thrust he had impaled himself at the back of my cunt, and then began a steady rocking motion in and out. I threw my arms around his neck and raised my legs high up off the floor, forcing my lower body upward to meet his wild thrusts. Oblivious to everyone and everything, I fucked my handsome, loving, man with all the energy I could muster, thinking only of how wonderful it was to feel him inside me. Over and over he plunged into my cunt until, suddenly, I felt his whole body stiffen.
"Yes, baby!" I cried. "Shoot your fucking cream into me now! Give me everything you have in your balls!"
With his cock now in me as far as it could go, he quickly grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled my whole lower body even higher up off the floor.
"Oh fuck!" he screamed.
My contractions began the moment I felt him start to shoot off inside me. I could feel his spasms along with my own, and the pleasure was simply indescribable. I felt like I was floating in time and space, unaware of anything except my lover and myself, adrift on a sea of love.
For a while we drifted together on this miraculous ocean until the sound of clapping brought us back to the real world. Both of us looked up, but the reaction was not in acknowledgment of our coupling, but of something else. The most passionate moment in my life and it had occurred in a room full of people who were too occupied with their own desires to notice my transformation from the uptight person I used to be to the spontaneous and sexually liberated woman I had now become. In the midst of a drunken orgy, surrounded by both family, friends, and total strangers, I had allowed myself to be publicly fucked, and no one seemed to notice, or care.
"You could have fucked any of those women," I said to him. "Why didn't you?"
"I didn't want them," he replied. "I wanted you."
"Are you mad that I jerked Philip off?"
"I'm sure you had a good reason."
"I did it for Bonnie's sake. It won't happen again."
He kissed me gently on my lips.
"Did you enjoy this? You know, this orgy stuff?"
"It was fun," I replied. "But I think I'd prefer to make love to you in private."
"So would I," he said, glancing at all the prone bodies surrounding us. "But it was nice to try it."
"Yes," I agreed. "It's always nice to try new things."
The orgy was in full swing, but Bonnie and Philip were nowhere to be found. Other than Stephan and myself, no one paid us any attention. Even Rebecca, who would have been overjoyed to have watched my lover and I openly copulate, was too busy pulling strands of sperm out of her mouth to have noticed our flagrant sexual performance. However, there were two figures, a woman and her daughter, safely seated some distance away, who had been witness to our lovemaking.
On the table in front of them, one of Bonnie's male servants lay prostrate; his enormous prick contained within a black, leather cock and ball restraint. The older woman seemed to be instructing her golden-haired, teenage daughter on how to properly masturbate a man, which seemed to include advice on effectively prolonging orgasm. As Stephan lay quietly in my arms, I continued to watch them milk their victim mercilessly, denying him orgasm. Several of the girls were even allowed to kick him in the balls, albeit in such a way as to not cause him too much pain. At last, when the older woman seemed certain that her slave had performed to her satisfaction, the restraint came off and her daughter took both her hands, and a generous dollop of lotion, and masturbated him fiercely. Within seconds, the entire contingent of Apollo's acolytes had gathered around at the older woman's command. Shortly thereafter, I heard a loud groan come from the man and above the startled girls' heads, thick streams of pearly semen shot out in geyser-like fashion, soaking everyone and everything within a ten-foot radius. The young girl stood up and grinned as she showed her sperm-covered hands to her mother and the other girls. She was greeted with a round of applause.
The soft, plaintive sounds of a lute wafted through the room, with only the intermittent cries of ecstasy interrupting the melodious strains of the music. Stephan lay nestled in my arms, relaxing peacefully. All around me I heard the sounds of people wresting pleasure from one another, and, as my own eyes started to close, the voices grew softer and softer until only the sound of the lute remained. Finally, that sound, too, grew faint until all I could hear was the sound of my own heart beating as I joined my lover in blissful repose.
************
************
Christiana's journal entry dated July 16, Cambridge, Massachusetts:
It has been almost one year since my last entry, so I will now have to play catch up.
Stephan and I were married on June 22ndof this year at St. Bridget's Church in Stockholm. It was a small, traditional-style wedding, with only family and close friends attending. For our honeymoon, we went to Italy, Greece, and England, and we are now on the last leg of our journey here in America. We bought a house a few months ago situated a few miles north of Stockholm, and by the time we arrive back home, it will be ready for us to move into. Our time together has been simply wonderful, and our love for each other is strong. It is the closest thing to a perfect union of mind, body, and spirit.
The new Clinic is now in full operation, and Rebecca, Maria, Cheryl, and Lynette have all returned to work for me. Michelle, Jennifer, and Sheila have decided to join my team as well, with Dr. Hagstrom serving on the board of directors.
With the exception of Craig, who often stops by to pick up his wife Cheryl after work, I have not had much contact with my former subjects, all of whom are now enjoying a perfectly healthy sex life thanks to EJAX-472. Barney did call me once last month just to say hello, but he and Lynette are no longer together. I did, however, recently receive a card from John Cardelli, who now lives happily with his wife Ann in New York City. His teaching position at Columbia University is his dream come true and he thanked me for helping to make it possible. Stephan and I paid them a short visit while we were in town and I found them to be both happy and content in their new life together. As far as Luis goes, he is still behind bars and will remain there for at least another four years. What he will be like when he emerges from prison is anyone's guess. I told Bonnie to keep a cannon on hand just in case. And speaking of her, she and Philip have decided that they have had enough of the swinging lifestyle they have been enjoying for most of their married life and have chosen to live a more sedate existence. With her first baby due in two months, I think it was a wise decision.
Our final stop before leaving was to pay a visit to the grave of my old adversary, Millicent Beechcroft. The troubled and unfortunate woman has ever been in my mind all these many months, and I had to pay my respects to her after reading something written by one of her few admirers and published posthumously in the Harvard Review. The part that I found especially cogent was the postscript. It read: "Dr. Beechcroft, whose controversial theories regarding the nature of the human genome had often come under attack from more traditional scientific quarters, went on sabbatical from the University at the advice of her doctor when it was learned that she had been diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer. Several months before her death, the pain in her head had become so terrible that she developed several abnormal behavior patterns: the most serious of these being a progressive dementia. Several painkillers were prescribed, but their effect upon her condition was, at best, nominal. As one of the few people who truly got to know her, I can only say that she was a scientist of great vision and unflinching dedication, whose work was never treated by the scientific community with the respect it deserved. But now, more than a year after her death, her work is being rediscovered, and important new findings are being gleaned from the initial studies she began more than twenty years ago. Millicent Beechcroft was a good and loyal friend who lived her life on her own terms and made no excuses for it. I do not believe there could be a more fitting memorial than this."
Before we left the cemetery, I placed a garland of fresh roses upon her tomb.
And what of EJAX-472? Well, I am happy to say that I am now an international celebrity due to the unparalleled success of the drug, which, in its short, but unpredictable life, has been both a curse and a blessing for me. Initially, the problematical nature of the drug proved to be a disaster for both myself and for those who sought a cure for their sexual problems, impacting people's lives in ways that brought me much anxiety and public reprobation. But, with the help of the tolerant and open-minded people of Stockholm, not to mention the absolute dedication and hard work of my friends and colleagues, EJAX-472 has now become the first and only drug approved worldwide for the treatment of male sexual dysfunction. I could not be happier with my life.
The limo is pulling up to the gate now so I'll have to close. It's going to be a long ride ahead and I know that at some point during the flight Stephan is going to want a handjob—that's what he got coming over here. But I'm going to surprise him this time. I brought along a tube of that special lipstick that Bonnie and Rebecca swear by, the kind that allows your lips to glide over a penis effortlessly, while providing maximum friction. The stewardess on the last flight told me she saw his first cumshot hit the back of the chair in front of us. I'll bet I get him to hit the ceiling this time.
The End