This story is the third in a series. The stories are told in sequence, so I think it is advisable to read my stories "Kelli" and "Kelli CH 02" before reading this story.
This story is a work of fiction. Some real institutions are mentioned, but they are used fictitiously. Insofar as the author knows, no real person affiliated with any of those institutions has ever behaved like the characters in this story. Any similarities between any character in this story and any real person are coincidental and unintended. Comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable, are always welcome. Thank you for reading this.
________________
My optimism when I woke on New Year's Day cuddling Kelli and sharing a bed with Karla, Robin, Peter, and Brandt took some hits. The first bit of bad news had come on New Year's Eve. Clarissa told us that she was starting a new job as the GM of a large YWCA. It was a major move up for her but, since the Y had 24/7 security guards, it was the end of our nude sports club outings. Robin was particularly disappointed that her career as a nude gymnast for our small but appreciative audience was at an end.
Later in January, Kelli came home from work almost in tears. She had been required to attend a meeting of all the lawyers in her firm. As she told it, the managing partner had stood up and said, "The mission of every lawyer in this firm is twofold. First, if our clients are making money at something it is our job to make sure they do not suffer adverse consequences. Second, it is our job to get as much of the money our clients make into this firm as possible."
According to Kelli, the woman who chaired her department was blunter. "The standard for whether something is legal," Kelli's chairwoman had said, "is not found in any statute book or court decision you find online. There is only one standard: if our clients are making money at it, it is legal. If we all internalize that principle, clients will gladly pay us the money we deserve."
Kelli looked at me. "Is that what we went to law school to learn? How to justify anything and get rich doing it?" Kelli and I talked long into the night that night. She was having serious second thoughts about her career path.
My career was looking less secure than I had thought. I had a semi-annual review in January. I was told in so many words that, despite doing good work and billing lots of hours, my future hinged on bringing in new clients. My firm charged the highest rates in Ohio, ranging from $ 275/hour for brand new lawyers up to
$ 1,100/hour for the big-name partners. I was billed at $ 400/hour. I did not know anyone who could afford those rates and no one at the firm gave advice on how to find them.
Added to the career anxieties was the fact that our first winter in the house was miserable weather: constant cold with almost weekly, it seemed, heavy snows. It was depressing.
On the plus side, sharing a house with Karla and Peter was working out very well. They both were, and are, intelligent, kind, considerate people. Both were, and are, a joy to be around. They shared many interests with Kelli and me.
Warm weather came, and stayed, in mid-April. We had the pool open on May 1, which is early in Ohio. The four of us agreed on a hard and fast rule: no clothing of any sort was allowed in the pool or anywhere else in the backyard, no exceptions. That was no sacrifice for us because none of us wanted to wear clothes at home anyway and did not unless we were in the front yard visible to the neighbors.
It was the second Saturday in May, around noon, when our front doorbell rang. Karla and Peter were out. Kelli and I grabbed the cover-ups (long tee shirts) we kept in the kitchen for such situations, put them on, and answered the door.
At our front door was a couple. I guessed them to be late forties. Both were unusually tan for Ohio. The man was thin but wiry looking. The woman had a friendly face and a noticeably large chest. "Hi," the woman said, "I'm Judy Abbott and this is my husband Tom. We're your neighbors." She pointed at the house to our left as we looked out the front door. "I know we should have introduced ourselves sooner, but between the crappy weather and just being busy, we didn't get time. Sorry."
Kelli and I invited them in and offered them iced tea. Kelli and I were careful to sit down at the dining table opposite Judy and Tom, so we would have cover if our shirts rode up. I had to believe that Judy and Tom realized we were nude under the shirts. We explained a little about our lease and that Karla and Peter lived with us.
We chatted amiably for a while before Tom said, "You have the pool open already, don't you?"
"Yes," I replied.
"Nicole likes to walk in the woods behind the cul de sac," Tom said, "she told us that you and your roommates don't believe in swimsuits."
"Nicole is our daughter," Judy interjected. "She turned 18 in January and graduates at the end of the month."
Shit, I thought. The pool was a big reason we decided to lease the house. Now, because of the neighbors' daughter, we were not going to be able to use it nude!
Kelli started apologetically. "We're sorry if we offended anyone. Yes, we do like to skinny dip. Maybe, if your daughter could let us know when she is going into the woods behind this property, we would just not use the pool then."
Judy laughed. "No," she said, "you don't understand. We are not offended that you use your pool in the nude. We are just hoping you will invite us over some so we can skinny dip too. The Walthams can see our pool from their second-floor windows so we have to wear suit in our pool."
Tom added, "Judy and I have been naturists since college. We're thrilled to have neighbors who enjoy being clothes free. Frankly, some people on this street make Puritans look tolerant."
That gave Kelli and me an idea. Karla and Peter would be back around 5:00 and we intended to grill by the pool that night. We invited Judy and Tom to eat and skinny dip with us that night. We warned them we weren't going to tell Karla and Peter in advance. We thought it would be a fun surprise.
Judy and Tom were happy to play along. "You didn't expect to feed us," Judy said, "so we'll bring some meat for the grill and Tom makes great sides." We agreed they would show up about 6:30. Kelli and I did not know that Judy and Tom had a surprise for us.
The four of us were lounging around the pool nude that evening when the doorbell chimed. I got up to answer it, stopped, and said, "Kelli, where are our cover-ups? I didn't see them in the kitchen."
"Shit," Kelli said. "They're in the wash wet." The door chimed sounded again.
"I guess I'm answering it nude," I said. I started up the stairs to the first floor of the house.
"It's my bad," Kelli said, "I'll go with you."
As we went up the steps grinning to ourselves, Karla called, "Don't. Grab something. You'll get us in trouble and we've only been here five months."
Chuckling, Kelli and I went to the front door. We tried to stand strategically so the doorframe would conceal us from the street. We opened the door to Judy and Tom. They were not alone. Standing with them was thin young woman with the look of a fashion model. Judy was smiling broadly as they stepped inside. "Kelli, Will, we'd like you to meet our daughter Nicole," Judy said. "Nicole, these are two of the neighbors you told us about: Kelli Stouffer and Will Lampe."
Nicole smiled and extended her hand. "Pleased to meet you. I love your pool. The daughter of the people you lease from is a year older than me. She would invite me over to swim here a lot but, of course, I had to wear a suit. I'm looking forward to using your pool naked."
Kelli and I were caught off guard by Judy and Tom bringing their daughter. I guess that showed in our faces. Tom said, "We raised Nicole as a naturist." As the surprise wore off, I looked at Kelli. She smiled. I knew she was thinking that Nicole would add Karla's and Peter's surprise.
We led the Abbotts through the first floor to the outside steps that ran from the back of the first floor down to the pool. As Kelli led the Abbotts down the steps, she announced, "Uh, Karla, Peter, these folks are Judy and Tom Abbott and their daughter Nicole. They live in the house to the left as you look out the front. Judy and Tom stopped by earlier. They want to talk to us about the pool."
I could see the "oh shit" look on Karla's face as she thought what I had thought when Tom mentioned Nicole seeing us nude earlier in the day. Kelli got out of the way as she reached the pool deck. Judy, Nicole, and Tom walked out on the deck in something of a line. They were in the early evening sun. Karla and Peter were sharing a lounge chair on the shaded side of the pool. I stayed on the steps to have a better view of the amusing scene.
Judy and Tom both looked at their daughter. Nicole said, "You wouldn't know, but I walk a lot in those woods." She pointed at the woods behind the pool and yard. "I couldn't help noticing that none of you wear clothes when you're out here."
In a stern tone, Tom started "We're very offended that you go nude around this pool." "We're offended because you didn't invite us," Judy finished. Judy, Nicole, and Tom grabbed the hems of the light cover-ups they were wearing and pulled them over their heads. Judy and Tom just dropped theirs. Nicole twirled hers to the ground with a flourish. Our neighbors were standing in the sun as naked as we were. From the steps behind them, I could not help noticing that Judy had a full, rounded ass while Nicole's was tight and very cute. Both mother and daughter looked great with nothing on.
*
Karla and Peter were as surprised as we hoped. Judy went back upstairs to get the food cooler she had brought from their house. Between the excellent sausage and sides the Abbotts brought, Kelli's salad, and my slaving at the grill, we had a wonderful meal. Of course, several bottles of wine helped too.
The Abbotts were charming people. Tom was a chef. Together with Judy, an accountant by training, they owned three restaurants and a pub around town. Their places were well-known enough that we had heard of all of them. We had been in their pub a few times.
Nicole Abbot was, in fact, a model and a singer with a repertoire ranging from bel canto to blues. She was going to IU in the fall with a scholarship to study voice. "I had some other scholarships," she told me, "but they have an outstanding music school, I preferred to stay in the Midwest, and a close friend is already there studying piano." Nicole smiled and added, "And, I've already talked to the Fine Arts Department. I will be able to model the entire time I'm there."
Although Nicole's model-style appearance was not really to my taste, she did impress me. She did not seem self-centered or egotistical. She did seem articulate, informed, and mature. Her parents, whom I got to know much better as time went on, were good, smart, fun people.
The Abbotts stayed until after midnight. Kelli and I accompanied them to our front door when they left. All five of us were still nude. Looking out at the quiet street, Judy said, "I don't think we need to cover up just to walk home at this time of night." Kelli and I thanked them for coming over. We watched mother, father, and daughter walk back to their house completely nude.
Meeting the Abbotts was a positive amidst several downers. The company Karla and Peter worked for announced in April that it was "right-sizing" by closing some facilities and laying off a few hundred employees. A dissident director, who owned about five percent of the company's stock, had called for the CEO to step down because the company had become "bloated" and "inefficient." The perception inside the company, according to Karla and Peter, was that lower level staff were being sacrificed so the CEO could keep his ten-figure annual salary. On May 1, Karla was notified that her job was being abolished effective May 31 but that she would be paid through the end of July as severance.
The company's "right-sizing" also caught Brandt. Ohio had changed how it funded public schools a few years earlier so school districts received less from the state and relied more on taxes from residents and businesses in their districts. Karla's company had an R & D facility in the district where Brandt worked that was closing over the summer. Anticipating a huge reduction in revenues, the school board announced that 80 staff would not be renewed for the next school year. They cut administrators, librarians, nurses, bus drivers, janitors, assistant coaches, and Brandt to keep teachers.
The event that hit me hardest befell Kelli. Kelli was having doubts about her firm already. In early April, she was assigned to draft documents for a client to solicit new investors. Kelli had drafted the documents with the disclosures required by federal securities law and sent them to the client in mid- April. A few days later, she was called into the office of the partner responsible for that client. "How in God's name do you think our client can lure investors using documents with this shit in them?" the partner asked angrily.
"Sir," Kelli had replied, "that 'shit' is required by federal law."
"Fuck federal law," the partner said. "The client's taking their work to Mudd & Rose unless we draft documents that will actual entice investors. Fix this now! The client needs documents showing this is a once-in-a-lifetime, can't lose investment. Attribute it to Motley Fool or someone."
Kelli did not take that well and had pushed back. That earned her a meeting with her firm's managing partner. The managing partner old Kelli, "You're absolutely right that federal law requires those disclosures. You are right that it is fraudulent to claim an investment has endorsements which it does not have. That is not the point. The point is that we lose the client's business if we provide lawful documents. That much is certain. We do not know whether the kind of documents they want will ever cause blowback. Maybe everyone invests, gets rich, and no one cares. In a worst case, well, that's why we have malpractice insurance."
Kelli was, she said, appalled. She started to respond but the managing partner cut her off. "More troubling," he continued, "is that you've been here over three years. You are a fine young lawyer, but you have not internalized the ethos of this firm. You were also insubordinate to a partner. I must take this to the associates committee. I know what they will think. You cannot recover from mistakes this grave. You need to look for other employment."
Karla, Peter, Robin, Brandt, Kelli, and I considered ourselves a family. By the end of May, three of us were unemployed and it was probably only a matter of time until I joined them. We suspected that more cuts at Peter's company might include him.
For obvious reasons, we didn't think we could do much over the Memorial Day holiday. Karla, Peter, Kelli, and I stayed home and just hung out by the pool. Robin and Brandt had gone to visit his brother in Cleveland. Judy and Tom Abbott had gone to Nicole's graduation on Sunday but spent Memorial Day with us by our pool
During the afternoon, Judy said casually, "I do wish we could take that charity gig."
"Yeah, it's too bad," Tom replied.
"What gig are you talking about?" Kelli asked.
"Do you know Roger and Penelope Cornett?" Judy asked. None of us knew the Cornetts but everyone in town knew of them. Penelope DeWitt was the heiress of a fortune her forebearers had started before the Civil War. About 40 years ago, she had married, and funded, an aggressive and skillful entrepreneur named Roger Cornett. Now in their 70s, the Cornetts were reputed to be one of the wealthier couples in America. Not Bill and Melinda Gates, but well up in the one percent. Locally, the Cornetts were known as the area's premier arts patrons. They supported mainstream art, like the symphony orchestra, but they also supported edgy art that some people called "pornographic."
"We know them very slightly," Judy said. "They eat at one of our restaurants. They sponsor a group known as AFHF, which stands for 'Art Featuring the Human Form.' AFHF promotes visual and performance art involving nudity. AFHF wants to rent the pub for a fundraiser in June."
"Why can't you do it?" Kelli asked.
Tom said, "AFHF wants our bartenders and servers to work the event nude. Some our staff might agree, but not enough; and the lawyers told us we shouldn't even ask."
"How many people do you need?" Karla asked.
"If I help behind the bar," Tom said, "at least eight: two more behind the bar and six on the floor."
"Can you teach us to do in time?" Karla asked. "We'd be happy to do it and I'm sure Robin, Brandt, Pam, and Ed would too." Karla sometimes committed us to things without talking to the rest of us first. But, being a nude server at a charity event sounded like fun so I kept my mouth shut. Kelli and Peter did not say anything either.
"Yes," Tom said, looking at Judy who was nodding emphatically, "we can show you what you need to know in an evening. Given what AFHF has offered to rent the pub, we can pay you each $ 300 for the night, plus tips." Karla smiled at the rest of us, proud of herself. "Could you make sure that your friends will do it?" Tom asked.
"When is it?" Karla asked.
"Thursday, June 18. The event runs 6:30 to 9:30," Tom replied. "We need you there an hour before and clean-up afterwards will take an hour or less. Say 5:30 to 10:30 p.m."
Karla picked her cell phone up from a patio table. "I'll call right now." We heard Karla's side of her call to Robin, which Karla ended by saying "yeah, it should be fun." "Robin and Brandt are in," she told us. Karla talked longer, making more effort at persuasion, with Pam. That call ended with Karla saying, "Thanks very much. I owe you." "Pam and Ed are in," Karla reported.
Tom and Judy had us to come to the pub the Tuesday before the AFHF event. Tuesdays are a slow night for bars, so the staff had time to show us what we needed to do. Judy and Tom's regular employees knew why we were there, and we got some curious looks. However, we were shown how to take orders, serve, and swipe credit cards. The food was buffet and included in the rent. We would be serving booze from the cash bar. We decided that Kelli and I would spend the first hour and a half behind the bar with Tom and Pam and Ed help at the bar for the second half of the event. Tom showed us how to pour wine, clean glassware, make basic drinks, and ring things into the register. "I'll take care of it if someone wants something exotic," he said.
Arriving at the pub that Thursday, I noticed someone had moved in a piano which had not been there Tuesday. Judy and Tom had lowered the blinds on the outside windows, but anyone walking by could still see in. Signs on the doors said, "Closed for Private Party."
We stripped off except for shoes. We drew looks from the clothed kitchen staff who were setting up the buffet. The six working as servers put on nylon belts which had small pouches to hold cash and order books. That looked mildly sexy on Karla, Robin, and Pam. Kelli and I went behind the bar with Tom, also nude, while he gave us a quick refresher.
I had never gone nude in a bar before. I initially felt very exposed. Kelli gave me a hug and a quick kiss. "This will be fun," she said. I didn't know if she was really that enthused or if she was covering her own nervousness.
People started coming in on the dot of 6:30. The crowd was primarily older, forties to sixties I would say. Most of the men wore a coat and tie while most of the women were in dresses. It was a crowd that wanted to drink. I was quickly so busy I forgot I was nude. We sold a lot of wine and mixed drinks. Scotch, gin and tonic, and vodka tonic were the favorites. We served little beer.
By 7:00 p.m., the pub was packed. Karla, Robin, Pam, Peter, Brandt, and Ed had to squeeze between clothed people to take orders and deliver drinks. My impression was that the people attending the event did not mind that much. Of course, the attendees openly looked at all of us, appreciating the human form I assumed.
Pam and Ed came behind the bar to swap positions with Kelli and me at 8:00 p.m. Kelli and I put on the belts began wiggling between people. I must admit that it was not unpleasant having to brush my nude body against so many strange women in lightweight dresses.
Shortly after Kelli and I went on the floor, the formal program started. AFHF's president, a grey-haired woman who was an art professor at a small college in town, went to the microphone next to the piano. She began recounting AFHF's accomplishments over the past year, with repeated effusive praise for Roger and Penny Cornett. The Cornetts were seated in a corner booth. Other people approached that booth in the manner I imagined serfs approached the throne in medieval kingdoms.
Kelli, Karla, Robin, Peter, Brandt, and I were standing together in a corner of the room wearing only our belts and shoes. Service had been suspended so everyone would listen to the president. The president talked for, at least, forty minutes. As she droned on, more and more people started looking at us rather than her. She finished with an appeal for donations, and then said, "we have a little entertainment for you showing that even music can feature the human form."
The president stepped aside. Nicole Abbott walked out from the kitchen followed by a voluptuous young blonde. Both ere nude. The blonde sat down at the piano. Nicole stood in front of the piano facing the crowd. The blonde began to play. Disdaining the microphone, Nicole began to sing.
I am no expert, but I thought Nicole had a great, emotive voice and that the pianist was talented. They started with a couple of arias that sounded vaguely familiar. Nicole followed that with several show tunes and her interpretations of some rock classics.
I was serving what amounted to last call when I heard a familiar voice say, "Will Lampe?" I turned towards the voice. I knew it was a risk but truly did not think anyone from my law firm was involved with AFHF. However, there stood Julia Minter, one of the younger partners in the firm. I worked with Julia occasionally. She looked me up and down before saying, "I like it. Too bad you can't wear that in the office."
Julia was mildly attractive, so I fired back, "It's wonderfully comfortable. You should try working this way some time."
Julia smiled. "But," she said, "I'm a partner. I can hardly expose myself to you lesser beings." She was, of course, kidding.
"Maybe at one of your partner retreats?" I suggested.
Julia's smile widened. "How do you know that we don't?" she teased. Her face fell a bit and she added, "with my partners, you know." Julia turned to talk to the woman with her. I thought Julia was liberal, but I was sure what I was doing that night would be known throughout the firm.
It was well after 9:00 when Nicole launched into an old, upbeat standard. The blonde played the piano with more gusto. Nicole raised her hands above her head and started clapping rhythmically. As the audience joined in, I looked at Nicole. The wiggle of her small breasts and sway of her bare hips was, well, sexy. Her face had a dreamy look, like she was having a special experience all by herself.
The pianist started another verse of the song. Nicole's face went from dreamy to intense. Her body movements became more erotic. Both the piano and Nicole got louder as they moved to the climax of the song. Nicole's last few notes were undoubtedly heard a block or two away.
Nicole finished and the crowd started enthusiastic applause. Kelli slid next to me and whispered, "look at Nicole's chest." Nicole was breathing hard and sweating. Her nipples were erect. Her face was flushed but had a satisfied expression. "Did she come?" Kelli whispered.
There was a tip jar on a stool by the end of the piano. People lined up to tip Nicole and the pianist. AFHF's president went back to the microphone to thank everyone for coming. The Cornetts came to the bar to thank Tom for making the pub available, and for providing nude staff and nude entertainment. Once the Cornetts left, the room cleared quickly
We did not dress to clean up. That was finished quickly. Tom locked the front door, went back behind the bar, and offered all of us drinks. Nicole introduced the pianist as Kristin, her friend at IU. Kristin had a cute face and, as I already said, a voluptuous body. She was smiling and seemed quite pleased that we were seeing her bare.
Kelli and I were sitting at one end of the bar talking to Nicole and Kristin while Tom was with the others at the other end. Nicole smiled. "Did you enjoy the finale?" she asked.
"Very much," I said.
"I had some help," Nicole said.
"What do you mean?" Kelli asked.
Nicole reached into the small purse she had slung over her bare shoulder and pulled out a small, egg-shaped object. Kelli started laughing, hard.
"What's that?" I asked.
Kelli sputtered, "A vibrator."
I was not putting it together. "I put that in my vagina before I came out to sing," Nicole explained. "It has a remote control which Kristin had. It was going the whole time, making me feel a little loose and aroused. Kristin cranked it up so that I came at the end of that last song."
"I can always get her off," Kristin added.
"Good girl!" Kelli exclaimed. I was impressed that Nicole had done that, and I said so.
"Don't tell Mom and Dad or the others," Nicole requested. "Let's keep that between the four of us. Mom and Dad don't know it, but I sing better when I'm being stimulated. I use that vibrator anytime I want to give a superior performance, although I usually keep the controller myself." Nicole gave a naughty, sexy smile that rivalled what Kelli was capable of.
Judy came out from the small office where she had spent the event. "I love technology," she said. "I already have the numbers from tonight. Between what AFHF paid and what we did at the bar, net of direct costs, tonight was our best night in 18 months. We almost tripled a good Friday or Saturday!" Judy gave her husband a big hug. After that hug, Judy said, "Let's look at the tip jars."
There were two tip jars. One, as I said, for Nicole and Kristin. There was another jar for us that had been out all night at one end of the bar. Judy emptied the girls' jar onto a trey first. I expected to see singles and a few five-dollar bills. What I saw were twenties, fifties, and a couple of hundreds. Judy counted it out: $ 1,100 or $550 for each of Nicole and Kristin. Judy emptied our tip jar which held $ 2,500 or just over an extra $ 300 for each of us.
Tom thought that deserved another round of drinks. As we drank, Karla said, "I've never gone nude in a clothed crowd before. This was fun."
Pam giggled. "I got felt up a few times, but that's ok."
Robin made the point we were all thinking: "I'm just sorry this was a one-time thing."
When we got home that night, Karla said, "I'm not sure I should admit this, even to you guys, but I really enjoyed strangers seeing my bare tits, ass, and cunt tonight. Am I perverted?"
"Well," Peter said, "there's an exhibitionist lurking inside every guy."
"I guess there's one inside every former cheerleader too," Kelli added. "I was getting off a little once I got out from behind the bar and people could really see me."
"I think we need to move from 'getting off a little' to getting off completely," I suggested. The four of us went upstairs and fucked side-by-side. We were doing that a lot more often.
Kelli and I did not visit her parents that July Fourth. Instead, we helped Robin and Brandt move into the house with Karla, Peter, Kelli, and me. The lease on the apartment they shared was due to renew and their landlord was raising the rent. It was cheaper for them to pay a share of the expenses at the house. Also, the six of us wanted to live together.
Just after the Fourth, Judy Abbott gave Kelli a name and phone number. "Someone with AFHF who saw you folks at the fundraiser wants to talk to one of you," Judy explained.
The name was Bridget Frank. Kelli and I called Ms. Frank the same night Judy gave us her number. "Thank you so much for getting back to me," Ms. Frank said when we called. "I'm a photographer. I was impressed by you and your friends at AFHF. You all seemed comfortable going nude among all those clothed people. You also seemed comfortable with each other. Is that true?"
"Yes," Kelli said. "We're all very close friends."
"That's good," Ms. Frank said. "What I need are a group of models who are comfortable touching each other. I want to pose them nude in a lot of poses where bodies are touching at many places. Is that something you would be interested in? I'll pay the group of you $ 1,000 for a three-hour session."
Kelli and I looked at each other. It sounded fun. Kelli decided to pull a Karla and said, "Yes, I can get you six models, three women and three men, who will do whatever you ask."
As we expected, the others were enthused about the opportunity. Kelli, Karla, Robin, Peter, Brandt, and I showed up at a small warehouse-type building in a "transitioning" part of town a few days later. Ms. Frank was a slender, rather worn-looking older woman with grey hair pulled into a ponytail. With her was a young, thin brunette whom she introduced as her granddaughter and assistant.
Ms. Franks' studio was one large, dark room with a high corrugated metal ceiling. Lights and ladders were set up around a large piece of black vinyl that was tacked to the floor. The first thing Franks had us do was undress. Once we were nude, she looked each of us over in some detail. Finally, she said, "I'm going to do a few things today. First, I'm going to put all of you on that piece of vinyl and photograph you as a group. I'll probably position you and re-position you. I'll shoot from the ladder. Depending on how long we take with that, I may take pictures of you as couples. I'm guessing that you are probably couples in real life. I don't care about that. I'll put you together as I want to."
Peter spoke up. "I don't believe any of us men are willing to touch another guy's penis or anus."
Franks frowned for a moment before she said, "Fair enough. We won't do that. Thank you for telling me upfront."
Franks had me lie on the vinyl on my back. She put Kelli lying face up across my belly. Robin was laid face down across Kelli so that Robin and I were almost in a 69 position. Brandt had to lie on his back across Robin. Franks positioned Peter straddling Kelli's head with his dick over her face. Karla was across the pile from Peter with her thighs on either side of Brandt's head. Franks took her time photographing that pose from several angles.
The second pose had Karla lying on her back on the vinyl. Kelli lay with her back across Karla's belly. Robin was stacked on her back across Kelli at an angle so her head was between Karla's head and Kelli's feet and her feet were between Kelli's head and Karl's feet. Each on the men lay face down on the vinyl at the feet of one of the women. We then raised ourselves as much as necessary to put our faces on one of the women's mounds. I was on Karla. We had to hold the pose long enough that I started teasing Karla with my tongue.
After Franks shot that pose from multiple angles, she said "shit, we don't have time for much of anything else."
The granddaughter spoke her first word since we had been there: "Feathers"
"Why not?" Franks said. Franks had us line up standing boy-girl, boy-girl with our backs to her. She told us to bend over as far as we could and hold that. I heard Karla, at one end of the line, giggle. A few moments later, I felt something thin probing my asshole before it was inserted. Franks shot several frames of that pose, then whatever was in our assholes was removed. When she showed us the image on her camera's monitor, I saw that each of us had a single long feather in our ass.
We got dressed and Franks handed Kelli ten $ 100 bills. "If I want to use you again, do any of you object to being in sexual poses, penis in vagina, penis in mouth, tongue on vagina, with someone other than your actual partner?" Franks asked.
"Uh," Karla replied, "let us talk about that and get back to you."
On the ride home, Robin asked, "Will, how was it having my cunt in your face?"
"Nice," I replied.
"Well," Karla said, "I know you had fun when your face was between my thighs."
"Was he licking you?" Kelli asked.
"Uh huh," Karla replied.
"Brandt was licking me too," Kelli said. "I almost came."
"Peter," Robin asked, "why weren't you licking me in that pose?"
"Too much of a gentleman, I guess," Peter replied.
Karla put the big question: "So, what do we think about sexual posing with penetration with someone other than our boyfriend or girlfriend?"
"I'm probably out of line," Kelli said, "but I think we will, and I kind of want us to, all make love to each other. But I think that should happen when, where, and how we decide and as expressions of our affection for each other rather than for a fee."
"Well said," Robin replied.
"I agree," I said.
"Me also," Peter said.
"Agreed," Brandt said.
Trying to be funny, Karla said, "So, I won't get a picture of Will's dick in my mouth?"
Without thinking, Kelli replied, "You've had his dick in your mouth. We just forgot to take pictures.
"And Peter's dick has been in your mouth while he ate you," Karla replied.
"And you said that Will ate you as well as you've ever had," Kelli shot back.
"What?!" Robin exclaimed.
We drove the rest of the way home in silence. Once we were home and nude, Kelli and Karla hesitantly told Robin and Brandt the story of Kelli and Peter and Karla and me doing 69 when we went camping the previous Labor Day. Robin and Brandt seemed amused. "I'm disappointed you didn't tell us before now," Robin said.
"I'm disappointed you haven't done the same thing with us," Brandt said.
"Maybe we have reached the point where we should start having sex with each other besides our primary partners," Kelli said.
Karla gave me a pointed look. Just after Kelli was forced out of her law firm, I had gone to Karla for advice about something I wanted to do. Karla's advice was that I had to do it. The only question we discussed repeatedly was when. Karla was trying to tell me that, in her opinion, the time was now. The situation was acceptable. All six members of our unofficial family were present.
With more anxiety than I had expected, I said, "Uh, before we go there, may I ask you a question Kelli?"
"Sure," Kelli said, "what?"
I took a very deep breath. "Kelli Stouffer, will you marry me?" I asked.