I recently wrote about my trip to Japan where I almost struck out in trying to get a good erotic massage.
I just got back from China where I had an erotic massage in my hotel room for the first time.
During our last trip here I was with a co-worker who was propositioned a number of times, from what he described as beautiful women, while walking in the hotel. He was way too religious to take these girls up on their offer - or at least to admit it.
So this time I made myself available every evening sitting in the hotel bar by myself, or at the lobby wine bar and not only didn't anyone solicit me, I never saw someone who I would guess was a prostitute.
Finally I take my fate into my hands and I strike out into Shanghai, looking for a massage parlor. I walked for about an hour. I saw one place that may be one, but I wasn't sure, and didn't feel comfortable going in and finding out. So I returned to the hotel.
When I got to the hotel, I had a woman calling out to me before I entered the building.
"Massageee?"
I turn around to find Amy. The looked like a 35ish year old woman. She had a pretty good body and a great big set of tits. Much larger than you typically see in China. I stopped walking and backtracked a bit. She stepped up and quoted me $80 for a massage in my room.
I figured this was just the introductory price and I politely turned her down. She dropped to $60 and I said "OK."
Then she said "how about two girls?" as she called her partner up. "$80 for two girls."
The other girl was not as pretty, but she wasn't bad either, so once I got her to agree to be topless I said "ok."
They walked just a half step behind me into the hotel. I figured this was close enough so they wouldn't get kicked out of the hotel for pandering, and far enough for my deniability in case I ran into a co-worker.
We finally got to my room, and now I was in unchartered territory. I only had a massage in my hotel room once, and that one was very prim and proper.
I stated that I was pretty sweaty, and Amy said "then you take a shower." They sat on the end of the bed to wait.
I stood there and took off my shirt, shoes, socks, and pants until I was just standing there in by boxer briefs. I rolled up my pants and took them in the bathroom with me. Amy seemed nice enough, but I wasn't leaving my wallet or passport with her. I went into the bathroom and left the door open while I stripped the rest of the way down and hopped in the shower.
Two minutes later I was back in the room, naked, and toweling myself off. They told me to lay face down on the bed. I tried to challenge them and said "but you girls are supposed to get topless first."
The agreed they would get topless, but not yet. SO I didn't win that one.
I laid down on the bed and Amy started massaging me. The other girl -whose name I never got- went into the bathroom to pee. She was in their quite a long time, and never closed the door. I thought that she was getting real comfortable real quick.
She eventually came back in and joined the massage. It was a strange massage. They didn't use any oil or cream. Amy was pretty vigorous and skilled. Her partner less so. I wasn't really expecting a great massage, but I wanted to have fun getting naked with these girls and see where it would go.
After about 15 minutes they had me flip over. It was at this point that they took off their shirts. I was shocked when I saw their bras. They were identical to each other - other than Amy's cups were larger- and they looked like what my mother probably wore in the 50's. A real boner killer.
My boner persevered and they finally got the bras off and we were ready to go. So here was the scene.
I laid sideways on my king sized bed. Amy was kneeling next to my waist massaging my upper chest. She was also giving me full access to her tits. Her partner knelt on the other side of my waist, with her back turned towards me. She was facing my cock.
She started to jack me off. She had absolutely no style, unless you can refer to a pile driver as a style. She lubed me up and stroked so fast I thought she would pull my dick off. Meanwhile I was enjoying Amy's tits quite a bit.
I reached down and took her hands off my cock once so I could get a breather and asked her to slow down. Another minute later I took her hands off again and raised myself in front of her on my knees. I took her tits into my hands and started feeling them up and sucking on them I just needed a break in the action, I didn't want to finish that quickly. I took her hands and placed them on my cock and showed her how to do it slower. Asked her to let me last another minute or so. I laid back down and she grabbed me and stroked even faster than before.
It felt great, really great, but she was going so fast it would be over too soon. I let her go for another 30 seconds and removed my hands from my cock. I had her shift to face me, and started playing with her tits again. They weren't as nice as Amy's, but they were still tits. And I was delaying my orgasm. After thirty seconds I took Amy's hands and put them on my cock and let her stroke me.
Unfortunately I was pretty far along, and although she had much better style, I was too far along and finished in about 30 seconds. But when I finished I finished big. It was all over my chest and almost hit my face.
I try my best to be as handsy as the girls allow when they are stroking me, but typically once I come, I just lay back and let them clean me off. So I relaxed as they got some warm washcloths and cleaned me up. I hung out naked while they dressed. Amy gave me her card, they each hugged me and left.
I thought it was a pretty good experience, but thought it would have been better if Amy was alone.
On my last night in China, I saw Amy was in the parking lot again. I grabbed her business card and went to the wine bar and started texting her. During the first time we met, she actually coerced me to pay a little more so tonight I wanted to try to get a final price just for her services.
I texted her and said "Amy, this is Dave, from Tuesday night. I see you are at my hotel again, do you have time for a massage?"
She replied "What room number?"
I didn't just want her to come to my room, because I wanted her to come alone, not with her partner. Instead of giving her my room number I said "I am interested in a massage from you, not a four hand massage, how much for that?"
Her response "What room number?"
I said, "No let's meet in the bar, but just you ok?"
She responded "Are you angry with me?"
I didn't understand this response but I said "No I was just offering you a drink in the second floor bar first."
She said "Okay, I will be there in 5."
So I left the wine bar and went to the elevator bank by the second floor. This gave you a view of the front door, the stairs to the second floor, and the second floor bar. Eventually she came in the front door. I noticed three things. First, she was walking and looking very uncomfortable, I assume she can get kicked out if she is not with a customer. Second, she was wearing the exact same outfit she had on two days ago. It showed off her chest really well so I didn't complain. Third, she was by herself.
She headed to the elevator very quickly. You could get the elevator to go to the second floor without a room key. I met her when she got off the elevator. We decided to just go up to my room, and not go to the bar.
We got back into the elevator and took it to my 14th floor room. It was much more intimate with just the two of us instead of having her partner there. Once the door closed she got started helping me undress. Within thirty seconds I was naked. I also started taking her cloths off, and she let me get her topless for the massage instead of just at the end like the other night.
She had me lay down on my stomach and got right started. We had some small talk, but not much. I love four hand massages, but only if both girls are good at it. Amy's partner wasn't, so this massage was actually better. She started with my shoulders, and progressed to a scalp massage. This was actually very relaxing. She then started working her way down my back. Within five minutes she was working on my ass.
She stayed on the ass for a while getting pretty intimate. Every minute or so she would reach under and stroke my cock and balls. She then moved onto my feet, and started working up each leg. Once again as she got to the top she would let her hands slip in to my crotch for a stroke.
As massages go, this wasn't a great one. She didn't use massage oil or cream, so the direct skin to skin contact didn't flow as it typically does at a spa. However, the good part of this was that it was just the two of us, in my private hotel room. That added a degree of excitement.
When she had me flip, it was an entirely different process than last time. She was already topless and was kneeling at my shoulder massaging my chest. She would let her hands slide down across my belly and give me a stroke or two on every few passes. When she started stroking my dick she was much more intimate than her partner was.
For my part, her proximity allowed me to use both of my hands and my mouth on her generously sized chest. She allowed me to feel up her ass. Boy did she have a tight ass. It was rock hard.
I tried a couple of times to remove her very short jean shorts, but she wouldn't let me. She just kept saying "I don't fuck." I wasn't actually looking for that, but ok.
She maintained a relatively steady pace stroking my cock. Pausing every minute or two when I was close to finishing. I took a couple of more minutes and then started shooting ropes all over her hands and my belly. She got off the bed and got a warm washcloth to clean me up.
When this was done she got off the bed, and I sat, still naked at the foot of the bed. At this point, she wanted to talk, she wasn't in a hurry to leave. She asked "how often do you come to China?"
I replied that I would be back in two months. At this point she ran and picked up her cell phone. She came back and sat on my lap, and started asking me if I could bring her some specific makeup when I came back. She promised to pay me for it. I kept the conversation going letting her show me everything she wanted to show me. At one point I had her get off my lap and went to the mini bar and got us drinks.
When I sat down on the bed, she came to sit on my lap, but before she slid, I slipped her pants off. She didn't complain. Now she was sitting on my lap talking about this and that, I could only understand half of it. All she was wearing was a simple pair of white panties. I wonder if they have nice lingerie stores in China, she certainly didn't shop at one. I let her sit on my lap as long as she wanted, and I kept my hands busy feeling her tits and ass up. She stopped talking a few times and leaned in for brief kisses.
At one point she looked down and saw that I was more than half way to a full erection. She started exclaiming "Oh my god, your American dicks are great! On a typical Chinese man his dick would be limp and laying down!"
I took her hand and put it on my cock while I went in with my mouth on one tit, one hand on the other, and my other hand trying to remove her panties. I got them half the way down before she realized she was losing the upper hand here. She got down on her knees and played with my dick for a minute or so, but the spell was broken.
We talked another minute or two and then she started getting dressed. After all I am sure she wanted other customers for the evening. I promised to let her know when I would be back and said I would try to find the makeup she wanted. I think I will also go to the mall and look into getting her some hot lingerie.