Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
His alarm went off behind me, feeling his arm move from my body, he rolled onto his back in order to get to his phone to shut it off.
"Fuck." He grunted.
"You're up early." I said rolling over so I could put my head on his chest.
"I've got to work for a few hours this morning." He replied unable to hide his tiredness.
"Let's see if I can help wake you up!" I replied with an impish grin.
"Didn't get enough cock last night huh?" He asked as I quickly moved down his body to get him in my mouth.
"I can never get enough of your cock," I replied giving his length a long lick, "the rest are just appetizers." Using the underside of my tongue I licked down his shaft again. "Plus, I'm pretty sure your intention was to make me your cock whore!"
"Yes it is," he said dripping of confidence, "and you took to it amazingly well!" His hand went to my head, taking a fistful of hair before he continued. "I have to leave soon," he said pushing my mouth onto his shaft, "and you need to finish what you started!"
Without warning Jimmy sprung out of bed, still holding my hair he grabbed a shoulder pulling me to the edge of the bed so my head was hanging off it. His cock was quickly shoved back into my mouth. Releasing my hair, he fed more and more of his cock into my mouth and throat. Jimmy began slowly thrusting his cock, his balls slapping lightly against my nose as he did, as he fucked my face. Timing my breathing became my priority as I already started to feel light headed. It seemed the head of his cock almost never came back in contact with my tongue as he started to thrust harder. His balls now smacking my face harder. Tears were streaming up my temples as I thankfully felt his cock begin to swell! Hot jet after hot jet shot down my throat. He slowly pulled back, allowing the last globs of cum to land on the roof of my mouth. Pulling his cock out of my mouth, he grabbed a towel and headed to the shower, leaving me to recover where I was. When he returned several minutes later I was half under the covers with my head on his pillow. Trying to give him my sad eyes to see if I could get him to stay, Jimmy wasn't buying it. He dressed and was ready to leave in barely 10 minutes.
"You know," he said leaning down and massaging my breast, "Steve's still sleeping in his bed, I bet he wouldn't mind if you joined him."
"Hmmm," I moaned softly as he rolled my hard nipple, "that does sound inviting."
"Try not to wear him out," he said kissing my lips and tweaking my nipple, "his band is playing at the bar tonight too!"
"I'll try to keep that in mind!" I replied as I slipped out of bed following Jimmy out of the bedroom.
Jimmy gave my ass a firm smack then headed to the apartment door to go to work. I thought about leaning out the window but the church crowd was out and my hanging out the window naked would probably be frowned upon. Instead I slowly opened Steve's bedroom door, letting my eyes adjust to the darkness. His bed was to my right with him facing me. I tiptoed into his room, to the other side of the bed, trying to slip under the covers without disturbing him. I was halfway into the bed when he rolled over to face me.
"Good," he said opening then quickly closing his eyes, "you came properly dressed."
Steve pulled me to him, turning me, until I was spooned into the cup of his body. His hands ended up on my breasts and his cock pressed against my ass. Soon he was lightly snoring in my ear. I eventually had to get up to pee one more time, when I returned Steve was more awake. He was laying in bed with one arm behind his head looking me up and down.
"Are you a morning blowjob guy too?" I asked as I approached the bed.
"You know I'm an ass man," He said with a chuckle, "how is that sexy ass of yours this morning?"
"Fuckable!" I replied climbing into bed with him. "Provided you have lube that is!
"What kind of ass man doesn't have lube nearby?" He said as he turned to retrieve a bottle from his nightstand. "Roll onto your stomach."
Doing as he told me, I felt him drizzle lube across my butt crack then straddle my legs. His cock lay over my crack until he slipped it between my cheeks like a hotdog in a bun. Arching my back to stick my ass further in the air I all but begged him to plunge inside me.
"Hang on now," he said rubbing his fingers through the lube remaining on my ass, "I need to get you ready for this."
His fingers rubbed lube around and teased my asshole until he eventually slipped a finger inside me. My toes curled as he slowly screwed my tender backside with his finger. He added a second finger causing me to moan louder.
"Want it?" He said pulling his fingers out of me quickly.
"YES!" I hissed. "Fuck my ass!"
The head of his cock danced in a circle around my wanton asshole. I was almost to the point of begging when he finally pushed his flesh helmet inside me.
"Ohhhhh that feels so good!" I moaned laying my head on the bed as he fed more of his cock inside me.
His hips soon met my ass, pushing his weight into me, letting me get used to having him inside me like that again. After giving me a minute Steve started to slowly screw my ass. I managed to slip my right hand under my body so I could rub my clit as he did. His rhythm increased slowly, until I was raising my ass to meet his thrusts while humping my fingers.
"Ohhhhh fuck yes!" I let out a long groan. "I'm so close!" My fingers flew over my clit as my orgasm built quickly. "What the fuck is that?" I as I heard an odd sound.
"My phone." Steve replied.
"You're not going to answer it are you?" I asked feeling my orgasm slip away.
Steve turned, and twisted, until he could reach the phone answering my question.
"Here," he said moving back into place, "hold this for me."
"What the hell are you doing?" The voice came from the phone.
"You should probably ask who rather than what!"
"Yeah right!" The voice replied.
"Excuse me," I interrupted hoping to get back to my orgasm, "we're in the middle of something, do you have a point?"
"Hang on!" the voice replied then hung up.
"Who the hell was that?" I asked in disgust at my lost orgasm.
"That's the lead singer," Steve replied, "and guaranteed he's going to call back."
"Why? Does he like to watch?" I chided.
"He might," Steve said as he started to slowly screw my ass again, "he seemed quite thrilled when you flashed him last night."
"Just keep fucking me Baby," I moaned, slipping my right hand back under me, "I'll handle him!"
As expected the phone in my left hand rang, the screen notifying me it was a video call. Feeling a bit wicked, it wasn't the first video call where I was being fucked after all, I answered it. Much to my surprise it wasn't just the singer! There were 4 other people on the call!
"Hello!" I said in my best sultry voice "Steve's busy right now," I continued rubbing my fingers over my clit faster, "can I take a message?" All four of them talked at once, the general consensus was shock or disbelief. "You guys act like Steve's never gotten ass before!" I laughed then leaned the phone back so they could see Steve, who was now focusing on fucking my ass, behind me.
"Ass?" I heard one of them say.
"Baby," I said feeling strangely empowered, "you should understand boy and girl parts enough to know he isn't fucking my pussy in this position!"
"She has a magnificent ass!" Steve grunted behind me.
"Now you boys can watch if you want," I cooed feeling my orgasm building again, "but let's keep the commentary to a minimum! One of you already fucked up an orgasm for me!" There was some laughter and chatter from my instructions.
Straightening my left arm so they could see as much as possible, I got back to focusing on cumming. However, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen as 4 faces watched Steve fuck me. I was sure that at least two of them were jerking off as they watched. My ass pushed upward to meet Steve's increasingly hard thrusts.
"Oh yes!" I groaned loudly. "Fuck my ass!"
"Wanna show the boys what a nasty slut you are?" he hissed from behind me.
"FUCK YES!" I practically screamed.
Steve shifted his legs so he was up on his knees, his hands started to collect my hair. Chills ran through my body in anticipation of what would come next. Pulling back on my hair, practically lifting my upper torso off the bed, Steve leaned on one hand before he started fucking me as hard and fast as he could. I could only let out one long groan as he reamed my ass. The guys on the phone offered encouragement.
"Fuck that ass Buddy! Fuck her harder! Fuck that slut!"
"I'm gonna fucking CUM!" I bellowed. "Don't fucking stop!" Doing my best to focus on the phone screen I blurted, "That goes for you too!" They didn't disappoint sending me rocketing toward an orgasm. "OH FUCK YES!" I screamed as my body shook. "FUCK!" Steve grunted behind me, slamming into me with all his weight, before his balls emptied into my sore hole before collapsing on top of me.
Everyone was silent for a bit as the two of us caught our breath. Squeezing my butt a couple times, to milk the last of Steve's cum from his body, he stirred slightly.
"You are an insatiable slut." He whispered in my ear.
"That sounds about right." I replied with a grin. "What do you boys think?"
"I'm sure we can help with the insatiable part!" Came one reply followed by the rest chiming in with agreement.
"I'm not sure I'm up for a gangbang just yet," I replied letting the idea swim in my head for a bit, "my ass is a bit too sore for that at the moment."
"I can help with that," Steve said slowly crawling off me, "you guys keep her entertained, I'll be right back!"
"So what do four strange guys say to a naked girl?" I asked playfully.
"Uh, show us your tits!" Came one reply.
"No points due to the lack of creativity!" I quipped.
We traded statements, both awkward and embarrassing back and forth until Steve returned.
"Okay," he said as he moved behind me, "spread your legs wide, this will be a little cool."
"Oh boy!" I said spreading my legs as far as I could. "Holy shit!" I shot, tensing my entire body, "What the hell is that!?!"
"It's a bag of frozen corn." Came Steve's reply.
"That would be cold," I said looking over my shoulder at him, "not a little cool!"
My reaction and response was met with considerable laughter. I did have to admit, after I got used to it, the frozen corn helped considerably. The conversation remained lewd as Steve gave details of my gas station BJ and the fucking Jimmy and he'd given me last night.
"You two still in bed?" Jimmy asked as he walked in the bedroom.
"We have company," I said looking over my shoulder at him and giving him a wink, "I didn't want to leave them unentertained!"
"If it's entertainment they want," Jimmy said pulling his shirt off, "then we will entertain the hell out of them!" I let out a couple expletives as my body shook. "Steve why don't you take that phone from my slut," Jimmy said stepping out of his sneakers, "she's gonna need both hands!"
Steve took the phone from me, I could hear comments but my mind was on Jimmy's cock. Without a word I rolled over, spun on my ass, throwing my head off the side of the bed barely two feet from where Jimmy was undoing his jeans.
"I'm going to start there," he said pushing his jeans down, "but I'm going to fuck your ass before I'm done!"
My hands started to roam my body, I pulled my feet up, letting my knees fall wide open. Somewhere on the other side of the bed the voices let their approval be known. Their voices were distant and small as Jimmy's cock slid past my lips. He wasted no time fucking my mouth and throat, slapping into me like my mouth was a pussy, making me wonder if he'd bruise my lips while I fingered my pussy with one hand and rubbed my clit with the other. My head was swimming, not just from the lack of air but the entire scene I was no taking part in. He pulled his cock out, quickly squatted, then lifted my head so I could see Steve, who was standing at the foot of the bed capturing it all for his buddies on the phone.
"Cum for them," Jimmy hissed wickedly in my ear, "show them how much you love to fuck with an audience!"
"GAAHHHHHYYYEEEEESSSSSFFFFFFFUUUUCCCKKKKK!" I screamed as my body shook through a violent orgasm.
He barely gave me a minute to recover before he was pulling me up to my knees on the bed. I ended up in roughly the middle of Steve's big bed, sitting on my feet, until Jimmy got on the bed behind me a moment or two later. His hands went to my hips, coaxing me to get up onto my knees only. As I did I felt his lubed cock pressing against my sore little hole.
"Nice and slow," he said holding his lubed cock in place, "I don't want to break you just yet."
"Break me?" I groaned as I backed my ass onto him.
"You'll know what I mean soon enough."
His words sent a chill up my spine, although I was partly intrigued as to what breaking me would entail! I let out a loud moan as his fat head finally entered my ass. He was still thicker than the stem of the plug I'd had in the night before, but wearing it had obviously helped. I could make out some of the comments on the phone, they were ready for him to break me, thankfully they weren't in charge. As I backed further onto his incredibly long shaft my hands made their way to my chest and clit. The initial pain had been close to blinding, but now, that had passed and the rush of having his beast of a cock in my ass was divine! I felt as if his cock were now rearranging my internal organs so I could take his entire length. There just seemed to be no end to him! It was a relief when I felt my ass graze his hips.
"Oh my GOD!" I grunted pressing my ass into him, "I took it all!"
"What a good little slut you are!" Jimmy said encouragingly. "Give it a minute until you get used to it." I stayed perfectly still, with the exception of my hands which were working furiously, for a couple minutes until I felt comfortable with his massive size inside me. "Ride that cock slut," he whispered in my ear, "start slow but ride it!"
I raised my body slowly before lowering myself onto him again. It was the most incredible feeling I'd experienced. I wondered if I'd be able to sit later but stopped caring as his hands started to roam my chest and back.
"I can't believe she got THAT cock into her little body!" One of the guys said from the phone.
Turning I gave them a wink and a lick of my lips.
"Seems someone wants more!" Steve said with an evil grin.
"What do you say slut?" Jimmy asked dripping of confidence. "Want more?"
"Are you going to grow longer?" I asked feeling a bit brassy.
"No," he said slipping a dildo into my hands, "you're going to get fuller!"
"Holy shit!" I gasped looking at the dildo in my hands. "I don't know if I can!"
"You didn't know if you could last night either," Jimmy said giving his hips a quick thrust, "and you took two like a champ!"
"A champ SLUT!" someone yelled to everyone else's delight.
"Give it a try."
My pussy was sloppy wet, slipping it inside me would be easy, but I still hesitated. Being that full again, I knew my orgasm would be truly massive, somewhat painful but well worth it. Hoots and hollers came up from the phone as I lowered the dildo to my pussy. I rubbed it through my swollen lips, more to warm myself up to being double penetrated again, before slowly working it inside my body. The feeling was intense, to feel the underside of his shaft rub against the underside of the dildo, separated by probably centimeters of tissue, it was as if they were touching inside me. My body quaked from the second invasion. I looked over where Steve had been with the phone, the phone was not propped up on his dresser but he was gone. Looking in front of me Steve was now stepping onto the bed! His hard cock was now level with my mouth! I groaned, tried to form words, no way I could take three! How would I breathe? How would I not have a massive heart attack when I came? Regardless of my concerns, or the fact his cock had recently been in my ass, my mouth opened taking him inside me. The guys on the phone were chanting "THREE!" over and over again. It was all I could do to hold the dildo inside my pussy as Steve and Jimmy started fucking me!
"I knew you could do it!" Jimmy said triumphantly behind me. "Just hold that dildo there," he grunted as he started fucking me a bit harder, "we'll do the rest!"
"We may need to buy more frozen corn!" Steve said as he put his hand on the back of my head and began thrusting.
My body went into overdrive. It was sensory overload, I couldn't comprehend all the things happening to me at the same time! They were talking, the guys on the phone were talking, I couldn't make out any of it. I felt as if my body would be ripped in two or even three! I tried to make a sound but my mouth was full of Steve and everything I tried to utter just came out as noise. Somewhere in all of that I felt Jimmy's cock start to swell. He grunted, said something behind me, then unleashed a flood of cum into my ass! Torrent after torrent of seed filled the voids and crevices of my colon while he held my hips in a death grip. Before he was even done my body exploded. My own squirting orgasm, which felt like it made the dildo shoot out of my body, tore through me like a tidal wave. I almost collapsed but was thankfully held up by Jimmy and his magnificent cock. Steve still fucked my mouth, fucking it harder now that everyone else was finishing. With both hands holding my head in place Steve slammed his cock into my mouth.
"Oh yes!" He grunted. "I'm gonna cum!"
Jimmy said something, all I made out was "slut" and "face" but that made no sense. Of course I wasn't exactly in my right mind as my body was still reeling from my orgasm.
"Open wide!" Steve said as he pulled his cock free and started stroking it furiously.
Jimmy's hands went from my hips to my hair, grabbing large fistfuls with both of them, he held my head as still as he could. I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue praying Steve had some ability to aim. His first hot jets coated one eye and my nose. Each successive spurt of cum landed further down my face with one and a half making it to my mouth and the last two landing on my tits. Steve popped his cock back into my mouth allowing me to suck the last of him out as Jimmy's softening cock slipped from my dripping ass. His arms wrapped around me, holding me tight as Steve pulled his cock from my mouth.
"That was amazing!" He whispered in my ear. "You did so much better than I could ever have expected!" I was proud of myself and happy that I pleased him, but my body was also going limp, I needed to lay down. "Take a nap," he said gently lowering me to the pillows, "you've earned it!"
I wanted to say something snarky, or eloquent, but I struggled to try to form words. Instead I nodded, managing to lower my arms in front of me just in time to semi support myself. I knew my face and chest had big globs of cum on them, my pussy was still pouring wetness like a flood and my ass was leaking lube and Jimmy which was all pooling on the bed beneath me. I just didn't have the energy to care. I passed out shortly before my face dried to the pillow. They covered me with a sheet and blanket, leaving me to recover. My recovery turned into a full-blown nap. I have no idea how long I slept, but I was out cold. Eventually I woke up, and had to then get out of bed.
"Well this is a new feeling." I half whispered half giggled as I started to lift my head and feel the pillow case come with me.
Steve's cum had long since dried, the cum on part of my chest and the right side of my face had dried to the fitted sheet and pillow. It took a bit of tugging but I was able to free myself only to find more of me stuck in different spots. Pulling the top sheet with me, I gingerly slid out of the bed, and very slowly got to my feet. However long I'd slept, it wasn't long enough to avoid feeling light headed.
"I'm sure I'm dehydrated," I whispered as I moved slowly to the door, "but if I am then why do I have to pee?"
Plodding to the bathrobe with a sheet loosely hanging from my body, I slowly sat on the toilet, letting whatever decided to make its way into the bowl basically do it on its own. I was too tired and sore to push, clench or otherwise strain myself. There was a pack of baby wipes on the vanity nearby which I also took full advantage of before flushing and exiting the bathroom I was suddenly famished and hoping there was more than meat sausage to eat!
"How do you feel?" Jimmy asked from the couch where he was watching TV.
"Like someone put a baby elephant's trunk up my ass!" I replied with a laugh.
I collapsed on the couch next to him, feeling his arm wrap around me as I lay with my head on his chest.
"Cute sheet." He teased.
"In my defense, "I said adjusting my head and pulling my legs up onto the couch, "it's probably still stuck to me so I brought it with me." I settled in next to him feeling a bit of a shudder from an aftershock. "By the way," I said not moving from what felt like the perfect position to relax in, "Steve's sheets need to be washed, someone made a wet spot."
"From the size of that wet spot," Jimmy laughed through his words, "I think Steve's mattress needs to be washed too!"
"Well," I replied trying to defend myself to his playful teasing, "in my defense I was being stretched to capacity!" Jimmy laughed at my answer. "By the way, I'm starving," I continued while ignoring his laughing, "any chance there is something to eat?"
"I ordered a pizza," he replied giving my butt a squeeze, "it should be here soon."
I pressed my body into his, thankful that food would be here soon, managing to fall back asleep for a few more minutes. Jimmy nudged me awake, although I thought I'd heard a knock on the door in my sleep.
"Here you go," He said handing me a twenty, "pizza guy is at the door."
"Okay." I replied not even questioning why I would be going to the door loosely wrapped in a sheet instead of Jimmy who was fully clothed.
Taking the twenty from his hand, I made my way to the door, clutching the sheet and the twenty in one hand leaving one hand free to open the door.
"Hi!" I said opening the door, coming face to face with a delivery guy who was barely 20.
"Uh, um," he stammered as he looked me up and down, "I have your pizza."
He fumbled taking the pizza out of the thermal sleeve, almost dropping it twice, before he managed to hand it to me. I took it in my free hand, holding the apartment door with my foot, then waited for him to adjust his crotch before I tried to hand him the twenty. Then I decided to have a little fun. Holding the pizza box by the edge with my left hand, I slid my arm across my waist, pressing the box against the wall so I didn't drop it. I then let go of the sheet, letting it fall over my arm and part of the box, revealing my chest and giggling as his eyes all but flew out of his head like a cartoon character.
"Here you go Sweetie!" I said handing him the twenty as if nothing strange were going on.
"Tha, thank, thank you." He stuttered unable to look at anything else but my perky boobs.
He seemed to struggle for a bit, unsure of what he was supposed to do next, I decided to let him off the hook.
"Why don't you just keep the change! I said stepping back from the door a bit, letting it slip slightly closed. "But the next time you come back," I said giving my torso a wiggle watching his eyes follow my swaying chest, "I expect a discount."
"You got it!" The guy said with the biggest smile I'd ever seen.
Letting the door close, his last view was me blowing him a kiss and letting the sheet fall to the floor. I scooped the sheet, as best I could, with my feet as I walked down the short hallways in to the apartment. Jimmy was staring at me with his eyebrow raised, as I entered the room naked with a sheet balled around my feet.
"I hope you got change!" He said motioning for me to put the pizza on the coffee table in front of him.
"Umm, not quite," I replied sitting down next to him, "he was a bit distracted."
"And who's fault is that?" I only giggled in response. "I guess I'll have to take that out later!"
"Something to look forward to!" My response was almost giddy.
Jimmy and I ate pizza and relaxed, watching something relatively mindless on TV. I found out, while sitting on the couch naked, eating pizza with my feet up on the coffee table, that I'd slept right through Steve getting ready to go to the bar. It was particularly entertaining because he got dressed in the room I was passed out in!
"You know what goes great with pizza?" Jimmy asked with a smirk I recognized all too well.
"Blow jobs?" I asked with a smile.
Jimmy unzipped his jeans, lifting his ass to push them down to his knees, exposing his semi-erect cock. Seeing it made me tremble with excitement. Not so long ago it had been buried so far in my ass I wondered if it would come out my mouth. Had he showered since then? Washed it? Even with those questions swirling in my head, my mouth gravitated toward his rapidly growing cock. I wanted him in me, not just him, but his cum! For the first time Jimmy allowed me to give him a bj rather than take over and simply fuck my face. It was a nice change; I was able to lavish his balls and cock with my greedy mouth. Looking up, Jimmy seemed to be more focused on the TV or the pizza he was eating which only made me work harder to rock his world. The more he ignored my efforts the harder I tried until I was up on my knees plunging my head down on his mouth, fucking him with my face.
"My slut wants it huh?" He said dripping of cockiness. "You like it when I fuck your mouth like a pussy, don't you?" I went to answer him, but his hand was now on my head, raising and lowering my head onto his shaft as quickly as he could. "That's it," he grunted as my eyes began to water, "suck that cock slut!"
His cock surged in my mouth, streaming cum into my mouth and throat, as I desperately gasped for air through my nose as not to lose a drop of him. Jimmy's hand went from my head to my chest, roughly rubbing and squeezing my boobs then tweaking my nipples slightly causing me to wince and moan. The pain was quickly fleeting, followed by intense pleasure.
"Maybe I should have cum on your pizza," he teased, "you may even like it more that way."
"Next time?" I said playfully pouting as I lay his now flaccid cock onto his abdomen. "Just don't do it by yourself," I said picking up a small slice of pizza, "I'd hate to have you waste an opportunity!"
"An opportunity what?" He coaxed giving my sore pussy a rub as I sat back on the couch next to him.
"An opportunity to get that magnificent cock inside me!" I said half laughing but with complete seriousness.
"And what will you do to get my magnificent cock inside you?" He coaxed further.
"Anything you want!" I replied eagerly.
"Good!" Jimmy replied with a big smile. "Go take a shower," he said sitting back putting his hands behind his head, "we're going out again tonight."
"Okay." I replied getting off the couch and heading to the bathroom.
I didn't even ask where we were going. Did it matter? Not really! I knew what would happen when we got there, I just hoped my pussy and ass would be left alone. I was still incredibly sore from the fucking he and Steve had given me. Showering and shaving, I did my hair and make-up as if we were going to the bar again. The idea of seeing the guys from the band, after they'd watched me get fucked in all three holes at once, was exciting yet embarrassing. Stepping out of the bathroom, I approached Jimmy who was still on the couch.
"You'll need your boots from last night." He said without looking up. I stood for a moment trying to remember, had they come off in his bedroom or elsewhere. "There in my room!" He said chuckling at the fact that I couldn't remember where I'd gotten undressed.
I grabbed the boots and the socks I'd worn the night before then returned to the couch. Jimmy held up his hand stopping me, then produced a pair of fishnet thigh high stockings. I'd never been a fan of fishnets, they were something hookers or strippers wore, but I immediately put them on. I wasn't sure what it was, the fishnets felt and looked awesome. They did make me feel a but sluttier as well, but it fit. I was a slut, better yet, I was Jimmy's slut! He had me put the boots on after, which left only a few inches of the stockings still visible. I pulled them up as far as the material would stretch leaving the lace tops barely an inch from my pussy.
"Still sore?" He asked slipping his hand between my thighs.
"Yes!" I cooed desperately.
"Lean over the coffee table," he instructed getting off the couch and pulling his pants up, "feet on the floor, hands on the table."
"Yes Sir!" I replied.
The coffee table was the typical height, barely a foot off the floor, meaning I had to spread my feet as far as I could while still being able to stand as I bent forward. My ass was now high in the air, well above my head due to my legs being straight and my back arching to the point of almost aching. He called my name, well my nickname, causing me to turn my head and face him. I'd love to say I was shocked that he was holding up his camera taking pictures of me in such an exposed position, but I wasn't shocked at all. I just hoped I would get to see them after! He took several pictures of my side then quite a few pictures from behind me.
"Someone's getting wet!" He said slipping his fingers between my aching pussy lips.
"I'm always wet around you!" I moaned softly at his touch.
"Hold still," he said rubbing me softly with his fingers, "I'm going to make your ass feel better." I nodded as I felt him pour some lube on my sore bottom. "Don't worry," he said in a soothing voice, "this one is no where near as big as yesterdays." I just nodded.
Looking down at the table I could see his phone, the camera was still on, pointing upward at my naked upper body. Was he still taking pictures? Video? Or were people just watching me as he commanded my every action? Lifting my right hand from the coffee table, I rubbed it over my breasts, watching my actions on the tiny screen. Jimmy's hand left my pussy, I quickly replaced it with my own, rubbing my fingers through my pussy then rubbing my wetness over my chest.
"Deep breath." I barely heard him say behind me.
Thankfully I inhaled! He pressed a very cold metal butt plug against my sore hole causing my knees to buckle. Letting out the air as controlled as I could, I was able to keep from tensing, allowing him to slide the plug inside me quickly.
"Oh geezzzuussss!" I groaned as the small plug seemed to freeze my insides.
"Ice is the best thing for swelling!" He laughed while picking the phone up off the table below me. "Don't worry," he said moving behind me obviously taking more pictures, "the plug isn't ice." I breathed a sigh of relief wondering when the plug would warm up as the chill seemed to penetrate me far beyond the length of the plug. "Now, weren't you doing something with your hand a minute ago?"
"Yes!" I panted.
My hand went back to my pussy, I knew he was recording, whether it was video or pictures I didn't care! I slipped my fingers through my sore folds, letting the length of my middle finger glide its length over my clit. The plug, the fishnets, the boots, and the position made me want to perform for him. In all honesty, I thought if I did enough, put on enough of a show, he'd put the camera down and shove his beast of a cock inside my pussy! The idea filled my head.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhyyyyyyeeeesssssss!" I groaned, turning my knees inward to try to brace myself on the table before I fell on my face.
My orgasm rippled through me, not as hard as the one from the two of them fucking me, but certainly the hardest I'd ever experienced by touching myself. I never came this hard on my own! Jimmy pulled me up to my feet by my arm, holding me tightly from behind, not allowing me to close my legs. His left arm wrapped around my body, holding both arms by my side, his hand gripping my right upper arm. Holding his phone in front of me with his other hand, he showed me the pictures he'd just taken starting with the one's from the side.
"What do you see?" He whispered huskily in my ear.
"Me." I panted trying to get my hands between my thighs.
"And who are you?" He continued showing me close up pictures of my pussy and the red jeweled butt plug in my ass.
"Your slut!" I mewled barely able to rub myself enough to do more than frustrate myself further.
"So, what do you see?" He asked showing me a video of my hand furiously rubbing my clit.
"Your slut!" I cried, desperation dripping from my every word.
"That's right!" He exclaimed triumphantly. "My fucking slut!"
Jimmy quickly pulled me back from the coffee table, then turned me around, still holding my upper arms tightly in his hands. He guided me, using my arms, lowering me onto the table butt first. He then laid me on my back before releasing my arms and lifting my legs so they were spread wide open, my legs folded back on each other.
"Show me how horny you are slut!" He said holding the phone up again.
I didn't need much encouragement, my right hand shot to my pussy like a lightning bolt while my left pulled a tit to my mouth. Pinching my nipple between my teeth while flicking it with my finger, I furiously fucked myself with two fingers. I never once too my eyes off the phone in his hand. Who was watching now? Anyone? If not, who would see it later? Did it matter?
"FUCK!" I groaned loudly as I came coating my right hand.
My left hand released my breast, joining my right in scooping up my orgasm. Not only rubbing it on my breasts but feeding it to myself, I kept staring at the phone's little eye thinking "this is how a slut gets off!"
"You seemed to enjoy that." He said with a sly smirk.
"How many people were watching?" I panted.
"None," he replied with a raised eyebrow, "I mean none that you know of. Of course, any time I show someone my phone tonight you're going to wonder if their seeing you or looking at pics of you!" I blushed at the thought, he was right, I wouldn't know! "Even if they aren't watching you get off," he said tucking his phone into his pocket, "they could very well be seeing all of you!" My body shuddered at the idea. "I take it you like that idea!"
"I'd be lying if I said it didn't make me horny!" I answered as Jimmy helped me onto my feet. "I am yours after all!"
"Oh, I know!" His response dripped of cockiness. "Now, let's get ready to go out," he replied as he let go of my hand walking off to the bathroom, "you'll need to put something on though." Jimmy returned with what turned out to be a white men's dress shirt, handing it to me. "Here you go," he smirked, "don't worry, you'll have more on when we get back to the bar."
"Okay." I replied pulling the dress shirt on.
I buttoned the shirt up to my chest, then rolled the sleeves a bit. The shirt was easily 3 sizes too big for me, but at least the shirt tail covered my butt and a bit more. Following Jimmy out of the apartment building I could feel the night air practically slip up my body under the shirt. My heels sounded like cannons as we walked on the sidewalk to his truck. I had no idea where we were going, but once the truck started and the plug started vibrating in my ass, I stopped caring. It took a bit of focus not to start rubbing my pussy again, but in a few minutes, we were in a parking lot. When I was able to start focusing again, I was able to see we were at the adult toy store where Jimmy had bought toys and lingerie for me. The parking lot had several cars in it, I went to speak but Jimmy was already getting out of the truck. I quickly followed, feeling my tits jiggle, as I caught up to him. He waited for me at the door, as I go there, he reached up and undid 3 of the buttons on the shirt I was wearing leaving just one button done.
"Time to have some fun slut!" He said opening the door to the adult store and walking in.
I followed him inside the darkened business, taking a moment for my eyes to adjust, I realized quickly that I felt like bait in a shark tank! The "owner" was behind the counter letting out a big smile with his crooked teeth. Three other customers were browsing the aisle, looking over magazines, but they all stopped the moment I walked in.
"Jimbo!" The guy behind the counter called out. "Have I got a couple great choices for you!"
"Oh, I can't wait to see!" Jimmy replied walking up to the large man behind the counter and shaking his hand.
"Unfortunately," the counter guy said looking me up and down, "we don't have a changing room!" Even his laugh was kind a gross.
"That's okay," Jimmy said grabbing my ass underneath the shirt I had on, "she doesn't need a changing room, she's naked a lot!"
"A couple of these outfits," he said with a sinister laugh, "are pretty close to being naked." He picked up a couple items from under the counter, handing them to Jimmy. "But they will do the trick."
"Here you go slut," Jimmy said pulling one of them out of his hand, "try on this one first."
Holding the dress up to figure out how it went took a moment or two. Once I had it figured out, I unbuttoned the shirt I had on and removed it, putting it on a rack nearby. It then occurred to me, I was standing in an adult toy store wearing nothing but fishnet stockings and thigh high boots. Was this a sign of my becoming a slut reaching full circle? Stepping into the dress, which was barely 8 inches of snug fitting cotton/lycra blend, I then lifted up the sheer halter style top tying it behind my neck. The sheer material did nothing to cover my chest, leaving my boobs completely exposed.
"Go take a walk slut," Jimmy said giving me a smack on the ass, "let's see how it looks on you!"
The small dress barely covered my ass, leaving my back completely exposed from the top of my ass to my neck. I walked slowly around the store, weaving my way past the customers, watching as they ravenously looked me up and down. I returned to Jimmy, awaiting his answer.
"I mean I like it," he said softly touching my breasts through the thin sheer material, "but they'd most likely have you put a bra on at the bar."
"That would be disappointing." I teased.
Jimmy handed me the next dress, this one had capped sleeves, a low-cut neck, and floral lace over the breasts and the entire back. I slipped out of the first dress, stepping into the next one. This one at least had me feeling more covered as I made my way around the store.
"Almost," Jimmy said looking me up and down, "next one should do it."
Removing the dress, Jimmy took his time handing it to me, leaving me to stand there naked just a bit longer. The final dress was all lace, with a zipper running up the front, making it very easy to put on. The zipper ran from several inches below my pussy all the way to my neck. With zippers that ran both ways, I could zip it up or down depending on my mood. The lace covered my nipples better than the second dress and certainly better than the first! I took another slow walk around the store, feeling somehow powerful, as I sauntered around the store
"I think that one is the keeper then," Jimmy said proudly, "come over here slut." Jimmy's hand slipped between my legs pushing the dress easily out of the way. "And this zipper will make it so much easier when I want that ass again," his finger and thumbs roughly massaging my pussy, "maybe Steve will bring a buddy home and you can get three cocks for real this time!" I let out a soft moan as he spoke. "Go behind the counter and pay our bill," he said rubbing a finger over the red jewel protruding from my ass making it move inside me, "then the real fun will begin!"
Without another word her removed his hand. I walked to the counter, stepping through the small swinging door and up onto the platform where he was located. He was already undoing his belt as I approached. I tried to ignore the fact he had to lift his gut to reach his belt, it wasn't him I was interested in, it was his cock. He sat on a small stool behind the counter, smiling with his crooked teeth, pulling his cock out and waving it at me. I dropped to my knees, taking him into my mouth, tasting his flesh, precum and sweat. Working his cock with my tongue, I focused entirely on that, and the moans he was letting out as I brought him closer to cumming.
"Jezzzus!" He grunted, "She's going to suck my asshole through my body!"
I finally felt him swell in my mouth, he was about to cum. His hand gripped the back of my head, using it as leverage to hold me in place as he shot his load into my mouth. He was sweeter than most men, surely because of a diet heavy in sweets and chocolate. Regardless I sucked his cock dry, leaving his flaccid prick laying on his pants as I stood back up and walked to Jimmy.
"Good job slut!" He said proudly. "Now let's go and have some fun!"
Following Jimmy out of the store, I looked at the shocked faces of the customers as I passed. It didn't matter to me, Jimmy was pleased with my performance and later that pleasure would be repaid by his fucking my ass sore again! The thought of him in my ass and Steve in my pussy sent my mind into overdrive. I couldn't stop thinking about it for the entire ride to the bar. By the time I regained focus, we were at the bar and I was downing my first drink of the night.