Chapter 9 - Going all the Way
As Jessica came out from behind the backstage curtain Markov made his way directly towards her, clearly ready to demand she go upstairs to his office with him.
Across the room Tom saw what was happening and making a decision he quickly went ahead of them. Heading up the stairs he found the club boss's office door was open and he went inside, looking around for somewhere to hide.
"You've got some time before your next performance so; shall we go upstairs and discuss things?" The seedy gangster suggested leeringly to Jessica, his tone making it sound much more like an order rather than a simple request.
"Oh I... err... I umm... I suppose so."
Jess looked around for her husband as she started to panic, her heart thudding hard against her ribs now the moment she had been dreading had finally arrived.
"Good girl, you go on up and wait for me in my office. I just want a quick word with Daryl."
She swallowed hard. She was going to get fucked and she had two choices; either she ran or she committed herself to their plan.
"Remember what I said girl." From behind her Clarice, Daryl's wife, winked at her, "You do what you have to and get through it. I've seen your man; he'll be waiting for you."
Pushing open the door marked private, Jess hoped the other girl was right as she hesitantly made her way up the stairs.
"What are you doing here. He's right behind me." Jess hissed as she walked into the office a few seconds later and saw her husband standing in the middle of the room.
"Err... I... I..." Tom didn't know what to say.
"You really want to watch this?" She held up her hands and gave him an exasperated look, "You actually want to watch him fuck me?"
Her husband nodded dumbly and, without answering, just stared back at her. That was when they heard Gregor Markov wheezing as he stomped laboriously up the stairs.
"Get behind that door." Jessica pushed her husband towards a large cupboard, "And keep quiet."
He just about made it inside pulling the door shut behind him, leaving a small gap, before the seedy gangster appeared. Purely by accident the opening gave him the perfect view of the office and Tom realised he would be able to see and hear everything that went on.
Shutting his office door behind him the loathsome club manager sneered at Jessica in a way that made her skin crawl as she stood in front of his large desk. Biting her bottom lip and twisting strands of her long blonde hair in her fingers she waited nervously.
She knew she was aroused, a shift spent stripping and being fondled during her lap dances always turned her on and now, in this situation, the flush on her cheeks gave it away even more. Even if he was ugly and repugnant, he had a cock and that's exactly what she craved right at that moment.
"So... err... Mister Markov... what did you... want to talk about?"
Advancing towards her he smirked and, ignoring her question, pulled her against him and tried to kiss her lips but she managed to turn her face aside so his lips brushed her cheek. He attempted another kiss, this time his mouth found hers, his tongue swirling between her lips as he slobbered over her.
Then, satisfied that she would be compliant he let go of her and stepped back.
"I have a proposal for you baby, if you want to earn good money that is?"
He continued to leer at her, his beady hawk like eyes roaming over her slender barely covered body as he spoke.
"Oh, what is it? I'm always interested in earning more money." Jess replied cautiously, wanting to tempt him in to telling her more.
"Why don't you take off your top while we talk." It was a clear instruction to her.
Jessica could hardly object, he had seen her enough times in the club, so she reached behind her back unfastening her bra and peeling it away to reveal her perky modest breasts.
"That's much better." The gangster grinned and licked his lips.
She shrugged trying to suppress the mixed feelings of revulsion and lust that filled her.
Despite the fact that she had spent the last few hours dancing naked, being topless in front of the strip club boss in his office made her shiver apprehensively. She knew what was going to happen and, despite her deep-seated loathing of him, he had what she needed.
Markov leant back into the desk and pulled Jess against him, so she was sideways on to him, one arm around her waist as the other hand groped her tits, his thick fingers pinching and rolling her already hard nipples.
"Aaahhhh... fuck, what are you... uhhhh... doing!" She gasped, her head falling back and her long hair tumbling loosely across her shoulders.
"You like that don't you?" He smirked victoriously, "Roughly mauling first one soft mound then the other."
Jessica didn't resist, she knew she couldn't if she wanted to get anything out of him, instead she just squirmed against him, the sensations emanating from her abused breasts arousing her even more than she was already.
"So, you interested in earning some really good money then sweetheart?"
His fingers dug into the yielding flesh of her tits as he spoke.
"Maybe. I guess it depends on what's involved?" She managed to gasp out, her body trembling with unexpected excitement as he played with her two girls.
Grinning, he clearly thought he had her interest, "You entertain one of my special clients every now and again. That's all."
Jess's breathing quickened, partly from what his hands were doing and partly from the fact she was hoping to get him to talk.
"This a lucrative side-line for you?" Her free hand dropped to the front of his trousers, cupping his bulge, keeping him focused on her, rather than the conversation.
"For both of us darling."
"So, I have to sleep with them I assume," She sought further clarification even though she knew what he meant, "and become a prostitute, working for you?"
He laughed, his hand sliding down across her flat belly and between her legs to stroke her pussy through the tiny thong she had on.
Inside the store cupboard Tom's own dick was rock-hard now, watching the sleazy club manager grope his wife and proposition her to become one of his working-girls.
"Let's face it. You're not much more than that now sweetheart. You're a stripper, that's all." His tone was completely demeaning, "Now be a good girl and get on your knees."
Unresisting she knelt before him, feelings of utter mortification filling her as her fingers fumbled at his belt and then his zipper, unfastening his pants. Dragging them partway down she freed his prick into her hand, the solid thick 6" length already semi-erect.
"Good girl. Now show me how you suck cock." Curtly issuing his orders he smirked lustfully down at her.
Looking back up at him Jess flicked her tongue around his bulbous, mushroom shaped, cockhead, the musky scent of his manhood filling her nostrils. Drooling her saliva onto it her hand lightly pumped along the thick shaft as she felt it harden quickly.
"That's it darling. You know you might as well whore for me. You'll only end up doing it for Frank anyway."
'Frank again! But what's his surname?'
The thought flashed through her mind as her lips opened and stretched over the swollen dome of his erection.
"Gurkkkkkkkkkk... Urrrkkkkkkkkkkkk... Gurgggggggggggggg!" Jessica's mouth slid down his shaft taking a couple of inches of his rigid length into her throat.
Sucking on his dick she let her eyes flick towards the partially open cupboard door every so often. She couldn't see her husband but she knew he was watching her as her head bobbed steadily, working her mouth up and down Gregor Markov's hard meat.
"Fuck, you know how to suck cock bitch." Groaning he reached for her head, fingers twisting in her long blonde locks.
"Gurgggggggggggggggggg... Urrrgggggggggggggg!" She slurped greedily, her red lips tightening around his thick girth, her humiliation completed by his unwanted compliment.
Staring mesmerised from his hiding place Tom desperately wanted to free his erection and stroke it but, he knew if he did, the moment he touched it he was likely to shoot his load within seconds.
"Murnnnngggggggggggggggggggggggg!" Jessica gagged as Markov pulled her head against him, forcing almost all of his manhood into her mouth and stretching her jaws wide.
The odious club manager sneered, looking down at her struggling to breathe, her hands slapping his thighs in a frantic but ineffective gesture of protest. Holding her in place for a few moments he watched her face redden before he allowed her to pull away from him, coughing and spluttering, drool running down her chin.
"So baby, how do you feel about my little proposition. You'll earn at least £500 for an hour or two, maybe more if your dirty enough. These punters are real high flyers."
She looked up, saliva plastered around her mouth, her chest heaving as her breathing recovered.
"That sounds like pretty good money for just laying on my back." Jess answered quietly, "I could go for that."
Leering he pulled her upright and roughly pushed her back against the desk so her backside rested on the edge. His next words filling her with some alarm.
"Then forget about that new security guy, Tom. I can see you two are interested in each other but no one fucks my girlfriend unless they pay. Understand?" He stood over her, his hands back on her tits mauling them unforgivingly.
'Girlfriend. Tom had been right.'
She realised she was getting in deeper than she really wanted but she had no choice other than to go on.
"OK baby, if I'm with the boss why would I want the hired help?" She murmured seductively leaning back onto her arms.
Grinning at her, his hands dropped to her hips, hooking in the waistband of her thong and easing it down.
Jess didn't move, instead she just lifted her bottom letting him drag her panties down until gravity took over and they fell around her feet. Biting her bottom lip coyly she kept her eyes fixed on his as she took one foot out of her discarded knickers and then the other, before Gregor lifted her onto the desk's large, varnished top.
Perched there something within her seemed to snap and with a hard, determined expression on her face, she leaned back on her elbows and slowly opened her long, slender legs.
With a completely naked and compliant woman before him, a look of triumph spread across Markov's cruel face. Moving between Jessica's open thighs, he prepared to mount her, raising and parting her legs even wider, giving him full, unobstructed access to her cunt and providing him with a clear view of her waiting, glistening sex.
"Does the big boss know about your little side line?" She asked him, batting her eyelashes, as she waited for him to enter her.
Markov laughed, "Frank Harwood, you must be joking. That tosser hasn't got a fucking clue what I'm up to, he's too busy running his own stable."
'Frank Harwood!'
Jess gave a silent whoop of success as she found out the name of the unknown gang boss.
From his hiding place Tom watched, his own erection throbbing painfully, as the club manager took his thick shaft in his right hand and began to rub the crown up and down his wife's slit until he had located the entrance to Jess's vagina.
A moment later his cockhead was lodged firmly between her inner lips.
The seedy older man paused, his erect cock poised, ready to slide it all the way into Jessica's wet pussy. She gasped and felt her chest tighten frighteningly, her heart thumping furiously at what was about to happen.
She was turned on and she needed to be fucked, the fact it wasn't her husband's manhood that was about to enter her was almost immaterial. The shame and humiliation that she felt only complimented the arousal that filled her.
"Tell me what you want?" Markov demanded, teasing her sex crack with the head of his dick.
An unbearable agony of anticipation flowed over her. She could feel her husband's eyes boring into her as she turned to stare straight at the cupboard.
"Put it in me." Jessica whispered hoarsely.
"Not good enough. I said tell me what you want!" The gangster snarled angrily, "Do as you're fucking told, whore."
Her deep blue eyes turned back towards him and she fixed him with her penetrating gaze and Markov's body tensed in readiness.
"Fuck me... I want you to fuck me!" Her voice was husky with lust as she told him what he wanted to hear.
Grinning he slowly but firmly, began to force his hard meaty pole into Jessica's moist, open crack.
"Oh... my... God!" Her head fell back, blonde hair cascading past her shoulder blades onto the desk as she gasped with unwanted pleasure.
The crown of Gregor Markov's thick, smooth prick was driven past her inner lips and plunged a short way into her tight wet passage.
"Aaahhh... fuck.... yesssssssssssss!" Jess moaned, partly in pleasure, as her quim tried to adjust to his thick girth.
Tom swallowed hard, his eyes fixed on the mating couple, his chest so tight he could hardly breathe. It was actually happening. Right there, right then, another man's erect penis was actually inside his beautiful, sexy wife's vagina.
"Oh God! Oh, my sweet Jesus!" Jessica's thighs pushed wider.
Markov had pulled himself back until just his mushroom shaped head was still between her lips, then thrusting forwards again, he plunged deeper, burying two thirds of his solid length inside her.
"Oh... my... fucking... God!" Jess cried aloud as a wave of overwhelming and completely unexpected pleasure surged through her newly penetrated form.
Her deep blue eyes opened wider, her body going rigid while her hands reached out towards him, as if trying to push him away, but not quite able or willing to do so.
"Oh god... please! Oh god fuck... fuck me... please fuck me!" She begged, her raised legs trembling, her feet waving in mid-air.
Smiling the overweight club manager drew his shaft back for a third time, then thrust himself slowly but inexorably all the way into her defenceless pussy once again. This time not stopping until his full length was completely sheathed inside her.
"Please." Jess whimpered giving herself to the pleasure he was creating in her, "Fuck me, just fuck me!"
"Shhhh baby, all in good time!" He smirked triumphantly, "You'll get it all sweetheart."
Tom could see a momentary look of disappointment on his wife's face as Gregor Markov pulled back one final time, leaving her empty before driving himself powerfully forward again. The force of his thrusting hips lifted her legs even higher and wider until his coarse pubic hair ground roughly against her shaven mound and he was finally there, his cock fully embedded in her wet sex.
"Christ! Oh Jesus Christ! Yessssssssssssssssssssss!" Jess wailed as Markov's hips smacked hard against the underside of her buttocks, driving her bodily up the desk, sending a pile of papers onto the floor above her head.
For a moment, the scene froze in front of him and Tom stared helplessly at the couple on the desk; the most beautiful woman in the world lying there, her newly violated frame impaled on another man's thick, pulsing shaft.
She was panting breathlessly as her pussy tried to adjust to the unfamiliar phallus that was invading her body, her eyes open wide in fear and anticipation.
Then he began to fuck her!
Slowly at first, so slowly Jessica could look down and see her lips stretched tightly around his wet, glistening manhood as he started to move in and out of her cunt.
Beginning with short strokes, his speed and power built slowly but relentlessly, his cock growing wetter; shining with her juices as his thrusts grew longer and deeper.
Helpless beneath him, Jess began moaning in time with his strokes, her long legs flailing wide, then curling around his back as if to hold him closer to her. She hadn't anticipated this happening; she had thought it would be over in seconds but the man screwing her was obviously an expert when it came to pleasuring a woman.
"Shit... Oh shit, yes, yes, oh yes oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkk!"
Her hands, which had at first appeared to be pushing him away now grabbed at his upper arms, her fingernails digging into his biceps as he fucked her harder and faster.
His tempo increased and her moans grew louder too until, to her watching husband's amazement, she came.
Her head jerked violently forwards while her back arched and her hips bucked as her whole body erupted in an orgasm so powerful and so completely unexpected that it frightened her.
"Aaaaaaaahhhh... fuck... I'm... cummmmmiiinnngggggggggggggggg!"
Tom couldn't believe his eyes or ears! In all their years of lovemaking, his wife had never responded this quickly before or had an orgasm as intense. And what made it worse for him was that the arrogant bastard had barely started fucking her!
"Good girl!" The club boss leered, as she spasmed beneath him, "You're gonna make me a lot of money."
"Please...please... just fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeee." Her hands slapped at his forearms as she whimpered submissively.
Picking up his pace again his forceful strokes continued relentlessly and a dozen deep thrusts later, another wave of ecstasy rippled visibly through her body.
Even if he wanted to intervene, Tom was incapable of doing anything other than watch spellbound as his lovely wife was fucked hard and expertly before his helpless eyes.
As soon as the second wave of her orgasmic trembling began to fade, Markov resumed his slow deep thrusting. His cock glistening with the juices that now flowed freely and messily from Jessica's pussy. Pulling back until just the head of his shaft was at her entrance, he plunged powerfully into her again, and then again, continuing to fuck her brutally.
Jess was totally lost now and her response was immediate, deeper groans filled the room in time with each thrust as her arousal began to build rapidly again. The speed of his strokes increasing and a new sound began to make itself heard; that of two highly lubricated bodies colliding every time his rock-hard manhood bottomed out inside of her soaking fuck hole.
Slap!
"Oh shit... oh fuck."
Slap!
"Don't stop..."
Slap!
"Oh god... don't fucking..."
Slap!
"Oh... my... GoDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!" Taking every inch of his prick in her stretched slit she squealed helplessly.
Climaxing yet again, Jessica's legs wrapped themselves around his waist, then rose high up his back before falling helplessly and grotesquely apart as the force of his thrusts drove her bodily across the desk's slippery surface.
Grabbing wildly at his arms, then at his shoulders, her deep blue eyes locked fully on her lover's as she lost control of her body and came closer and closer to a third and even more intense peak.
From the storage cupboard Tom stared at his wife's violated sex and the thick shaft that was plunging into it over and over again. A rim of white foam had formed around its base as her flowing juices were churned into a thick, strong smelling orgasmic cream.
Small, high-pitched yelps of pleasure escaped Jessica's lips each time his cock bottomed out in her, plumbing her deepest recesses and battering her cervix mercilessly until finally, she reached the massive, mind-numbing, all-consuming orgasm that had been building within her.
"Ooooooohhhhhhhh my fucking God... I'm gonna.... Fuckkkkk!" Her scream of pleasure reverberated around his office.
"That's it whore, cum for me!" Markov grunted, his voice low and harsh, his thrusts totally unremitting and completely merciless now.
"Ooooooowwwww.... Jeeesssussss... I'm cuuuummmiiinnnggggggggg!"
The sound that broke from her mouth as the first wave of her most powerful orgasm broke over her, was virtually unintelligible and incoherent. And when the next, even greater blast struck, depriving her of the power of speech entirely, there was no doubt in Tom's mind that his sweet wife was having the climax of her life.
On her back, on the strip club boss's desk, naked apart from her heels and with her husband watching every thrust, she was being fucked to within an inch of consciousness.
Her hands flew up to cup her breasts as she came, then to her lover's hips, then to his arms, then back to her chest as wave after wave of ecstasy rolled over her, sending violent tremors through her perspiring form.
As she came his thrusts began growing wilder, shorter, faster and uncontrolled, his rhythm broken as his own zenith approached.
"Unnnnnnnngghhhhhh... unghhhhhh.... aaahhhhhhhhhh!"
Laid out on the desk Jess was still shuddering, groaning through her climax as Gregor's hips slammed into her repeatedly, filling her slit with his final short, sharp thrusts until he finally went over the top. Any resistance that remained in her evaporated in an instant as the final, overwhelming tsunami of her orgasm wracked her body.
Watching events unfold Tom's mind screamed at him that another man was about to cum in his wife. Something deep within him cried out that there was still time; that if he acted quickly, he could prevent him from inseminating her.
Then suddenly it was all too late as Markov's climax began in earnest.
His buttocks clenched while his body went into spasms and he slammed himself violently into the red, raw meat that was Jess's cunt.
Her long, slender legs were gripped tightly in his arms, letting him pull her bodily onto his thrusting cock, forcing every last millimetre of its length as deep into her as it could possibly go. Grinding his pubic hair hard against her vulva and grunting hoarsely with every stroke he gave a loud conquering roar and finally began to cum in her.
"Fuck...yessssssssssssssssssssss!"
Markov's elated cry echoed around the room as he began to squirt inside Jessica's exhausted body. Completely unprotected, his semen flowed freely within her belly, cascading against her battered cervix as his dick and balls discharged their sticky load.
"Oh, yes... oh fucking YEEESSSSSSSSSS... Take it, take it all you fucking whore!" He cried ecstatically his ejaculation seemingly endless.
Unable to tear his eyes away, all Tom could do was watch as the sleazy overweight club boss's throbbing cock pumped spurt after spurt of semen into his still-climaxing wife. Jessica's hands were on his hips, pulling him deeper into her body with every jerking movement as if desperate not to miss a single drop of his precious seed.
Finally, and mercifully for Tom, the strip club manager's thrusting slowed to a halt.
For what seemed an age the pair remained motionless, Jess on her back, legs spread wide, her lover's cock buried deep in her while his buttocks twitched slightly as the final spasms of ejaculation faded.
Then it was over.
The room fell silent as Markov slowly withdrew his dwindling prick from her gaping slit, both of them gasping for breath as they parted. When his softening length slipped out of her glistening pink cleft, Jessica gave a sigh of instinctive disappointment before her body went limp and she lay back onto the desk.
He stood above her panting, gazing down on his most recent conquest, his face showing an expression of admiration and respect.
"You're quite a fuck, you'll earn well when I put you out for business." He smirked salaciously at her as he pulled his shorts and trousers back up over his red, flaccid manhood, "I can see this is going to be a great deal for the two of us."
Stunned, Tom stared at the inert body of his subjugated wife as she lay limp and exhausted on the desktop, her thighs splayed apart, her pretty face flushed pink from her many orgasms, while a huge white blob of man cream dribbled out of her open hole.
Jessica slowly opened her deep blue eyes and turned her head to look across to her husband's hiding place. There were tears in them now as she lay spread-eagled, her sticky red vulva grotesquely displayed, a trickle of her juices mixed with his semen pooling on the desk beneath her bottom.
"I'll leave you to get dressed while I get back on the floor. Go and get yourself changed and go home, you're a mess." Markov sneered at her before leaving the office and closing the door
"Tom." She whispered her husband's name, and he stepped out of the cupboard moving towards her.
Her deep blue eyes were moist as she offered him her hand.
He took it, helping her to her feet where she tottered unsteadily on her heels, leaning on his arm for support.
The tears began flowing freely now as she looked up at him, "Please, please don't hate me. I don't want to lose you. I love you."
He didn't answer, completely unsure of what he would say, so instead he scooped up her bra and handed it to her. Slipping it back on, her hands were shaking so badly he had to fasten the clasp for her. Then he found her discarded panties and helped her into them, drawing them slowly and carefully up over her still-trembling hips.
Her make-up was smudged, and her hair tousled. The pink flush in her face and chest and the powerful aroma of sex that emanated from her body, screamed out about her recent penetration and multiple orgasms.
"Tom, please... speak to me. I'm scared. Please." Her voice started to quiver nervously, "Please don't hate me. Please!"
He knew he had to speak, to tell her how he felt.
"Jess." He looked into her eyes and she began to cry.
"You hate me now. Don't you. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I couldn't help myself." She clung to him and sobbed desperately realising her marriage was over.
"I love you, Jessica Whitby." He finally spoke, confessing how he felt, "But I can't see how you would still want to be with me after that."
She stared at him, her big eyes locked onto his, "I could never want to be with anyone else. I love you Tom, don't ever forget that."
"But what about how he made you cum. I've never known you climax like that."
She wiped her eyes, smudging her make-up even more, "It was good. I can't say it wasn't but maybe I really got into it because... because you were watching me."
Tom looked at her forlornly, "Go and get changed, I'll meet you back at the car when the club closes. I need to see Markov before I leave."
"What are you going to do?" Her eyes went wide as numerous scenarios filled her mind.
"Nothing. Daryl wants me to be here permanently. Just meet me later."
She nodded miserably and tottered out of the office, tears still running down her cheeks, heading down to the changing room to get cleaned up and dressed.
'How could she want him after that?'
'She was Markov's girlfriend now. How many more times would he fuck her?'
'Their marriage was over now, surely?'
He gave her a couple of minutes, letting his head clear of the thoughts that crowded his brain, and then made his own way down to the main club.
Gregor Markov was there talking to Daryl so Tom wandered across to them.
"You wanted to see me boss?" He asked as he got close to the pair of them.
"Ah yeah, I did Tom. You've done ok this week so Daryl tells me, so how about we make this a permanent arrangement?" His gleeful smirk made Tom want to punch him.
"Sounds fine by me." He barely managed a smile.
Just then Jess stepped out from behind the curtains making her way to the exit.
"See you tomorrow, Jessica." Markov switched his attention to her, "Maybe you can stay late."
She looked back giving him a thin forced grimace, "Yeah, see you tomorrow."
He turned back to Tom noting how his gaze had followed his towards Jess.
"Don't get any ideas about her. She's mine now." He sneered arrogantly.
Tom said nothing and just shrugged.
"Good, we understand each other." The club manager held out his hand, "And, by the way, I might have a few other jobs for you, outside of the club. Driving and stuff mostly. If that's ok?"
"Sure boss." Tom shook his hand and then turned to leave, his shift over.
"Like I said. Don't get any ideas about her. She belongs to me now." Markov called after him.
Chapter 10 - Jessica Reclaimed
Leaving the club, Tom walked slowly back to the car, trying to gather his scattered thoughts about what he had witnessed just a short while ago.
'Markov had actually fucked his wife!'
'She had cum on his prick, more than once.'
'How could Jessica possibly want him now?'
'Was this the end of their marriage?'
'They had a name, Frank Harwood.'
His mind was still in a whirl, he should have been jealous or angry or something but he wasn't. The sight of his wife being fucked to multiple orgasms by the obnoxious strip club boss had only aroused him more than he could fully comprehend.
Before he realised it, he was standing by their car still unsure of what he could say to his wife.
How could he hope to explain to her just how much watching her get fucked had aroused him?
Jessica was sitting in the passenger seat crying uncontrollably when he slid into the driver's side alongside her.
"Please don't divorce me. I'm so sorry, I didn't know he would make me cum like that. Please, I love you, Tom. Please don't leave me."
The words all came pouring out of her as he got into the car.
"Jess, I..." He had barely started to speak when she flung herself at him.
"PLEASE, PLEASE, I DON'T WANT TO LOSE YOU. PLEASE TOM, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH."
She was completely hysterical now and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck, her tears soaking into his t-shirt, refusing to release her grip on him.
He held her and let her sob for a minute before slowly prising her off him.
Sitting back in her seat, tears streaming down her face, Jess continued mumbling almost incoherently, "Please Tom, please, don't leave me. I love you so much. I'm sorry... I'm so sorry. We should never have started this."
In that exact moment Tom realised just how much he loved his wife and how much she loved him.
"Jessica, stop, please?" He finally managed to get out between her sobbing and blubbering.
She turned to look at him, her red rimmed eyes pleading with him, and his heart almost broke.
"I love you. I will always love you. I'm not going to leave you." He held her hands as he spoke.
"You... you're not." She said, bewilderment in her voice, "But what about... about this... afternoon and how... how I was."
"We need to go home and talk about how we felt but I thought you were incredible. Watching you enjoy sex like that scared me, I thought you might not be satisfied with me anymore." Tom told her honestly.
"You... you mean it... you're not just saying it." Looking at him hopefully she stammered, "You're not... not going to leave me?"
"Let's just go home." Starting the car, he gave her another smile before returning his attention to the traffic.
By the time they arrived at their flat Jess was a lot calmer, although Tom knew there was still a lot to be said.
"Would you like a drink?" He asked her as soon as they got inside the apartment.
She shook her head, "No, I need you to take me to bed and love me."
"I love you so much Jess, whatever happens, you know that don't you?"
She paused then smiled feebly as she looked up into his face.
"Are you sure?" She asked, her voice still tearful and unsteady.
Wrapping her in his arms he kissed her.
"Absolutely positive. We started this together, we knew what might happen, it was something we both agreed on. We'll handle it, whatever occurs!"
She bit her bottom lip and gazed at him, unsure of what to say.
He kissed her soft lips, slipping a finger under her chin and raising her pretty face up towards his. They kissed again, lightly at first, then more passionately, as if a warm glow was growing rapidly inside each of them.
Within seconds their mouths were open, tongues entwined and they were kissing with a clumsy passion they had hardly known since they were teenagers.
"I'm crazy about you, don't you know that?" He whispered in her ear.
"Really?" She asked hesitantly, stopping to look at him again, "You mean that?"
"Really!"
Somehow, they stumbled into the bedroom, discarding clothes along the way until she only had her bra and panties on while Tom was left in just his boxer shorts.
"You're a very special person, you know?" Jessica said gently touching his cheek and looking up into his eyes, "I mean most men..."
Tom silenced his wife with another kiss and she moaned softly into his open mouth.
Taking advantage his hand slid between them squeezing her left breast firmly and he was rewarded by another short groan followed by a soft sigh. Reaching around her back he flicked open the clasp of her bra, which fell forward along her arms and, as he briefly removed his hand, she cast it aside and sat bare-chested.
"Do you really still love me?" She asked her voice little more than a nervous whisper, "Even if I am a complete whore?"
For a moment he paused to admire his wife's small perky tits, still firm and round like a young girl's. Her nipples were dark and very hard, their wrinkled teats a dark pink against the puckered areola.
"Yes, I still love you. Especially because you're a whore."
Lowering his lips to one of her swollen buds he began to suckle, first gently then much harder, nipping her aching nub delicately with his front teeth.
"Oh fuck... ahhhhhhh!"
Jess moaned in response and he felt her arms fold beneath her, lowering them both back down onto the bed, where he turned his attention to her right nipple, cupping her small globe in his palm while his mouth worked on its dark cherry.
His wife wove her fingers in his hair, pulling him to her small breast which he feasted on lovingly.
"Mmmmmmm.... Ohhhh.... that feels really nice." She murmured, holding his head to her chest and keeping his lips against her swollen nub.
Instinctively his right hand slid across the soft skin of her firm, taut belly before moving further down to her thighs where he stroked from her slender knee up her leg to her panties and back.
As his lips switched from nipple to nipple, sucking and nipping, his middle digit began to probe deeper up between her thighs and her legs parted slightly to aid his progress. Encouraged, he pressed them further apart letting his fingers reach the gusset of her panties.
"Oh fuck." Jessica moaned softly, her eyes closed as she lay back on the bed, "Oh yes, yes.... touch me there."
There was a heat and dampness under his fingertips and he traced the outline of her semen filled vulva through the thin material. His finger pressing more firmly against her cotton-covered slit as her legs fell wide apart now, the scanty covering of her knickers moistening rapidly with the sperm oozing from her well used cunt.
Working one finger under the elastic between her thighs Tom quickly found her wet crevice, then went to work, sliding his fingertip up and down its dampness, focussing on her clitoris for a second then returning to her hot entrance below.
Jessica moaned softly and clung to him her hips starting to move in response, "That feels so good... please.... don't stop baby... please... don't stop."
"Lift up!" He whispered and his wife raised her hips just enough for him to slide her panties over her buttocks and down her long slender legs and away.
Her knees fell apart again as if her vulva was aching for its freedom and he couldn't help but notice how swollen and puffy her lips still were, framing the dark gash of her dripping sex. Obviously, she was going to be more than a little sore from the vigorous pounding that Markov had given her.
Clumsily Jess tugged at the elastic waistband of her husband's shorts until his erection sprang free. Dragging them down to his knees she laid back and spread her legs enabling him to position his cockhead carefully at her gaping, wet entrance.
Pushing his hand away Jessica took over, grasping his shaft and moving the tip slowly up and down along her sperm-soaked slit, before guiding it directly between her inner lips so that the slightest movement on his part would mean he would penetrate her.
"Perhaps I should shower baby." Whispering she put a hand on his chest and looked into his eyes, "I've still got some of his... his stuff inside me."
Tom shook his head, "I don't care... I want you now."
"Then fuck me, please. I need to feel you in me!" She whimpered before pulling his lips down to hers.
As they kissed his cockhead pressed into her hot wet slit.
She wasn't tight, her earlier fucking at the hands of the obnoxious strip club boss had seen to that but it still felt amazing to Tom as he began to enter her.
Thrusting forwards firmly, his hips pressed against her legs parting her thighs as he completely filled her, slipping easily into her cum-lubricated vagina he sank his member into her until his pubic hair pressed up against her shaven mound.
"Are you sore?" Once he was fully sheathed inside her he asked.
Jess nodded.
"Shall I stop?" Tom looked into her eyes and took his weight on his arms.
In response he felt her pussy tighten briefly around his shaft and she shook her head.
"No, I want you to have me, to re-claim me." She breathed throatily, "I want your cock to be the last one inside me before I go to `sleep."
Tom smiled; he was so aroused he knew he would hardly be anything other than quick. Beginning to thrust with long deep strokes, slowly at first, he then let his rhythm rapidly build until he was driving frantically into her.
Beneath him Jessica's body began to respond almost instantly, her eyes flying open while her fingers dug into his shoulders.
"Oh yes... yes... don't stop baby." Gasping breathlessly, she urged him to keep going, "Fuck me harder."
He increased his tempo, listening to the wet slapping noises as their hips met, the sounds growing even wetter and louder. Above her he could feel and see his wife's arousal increasing even more and remembered how she had looked, gazing passionately up at Markov as the gangster's cock had plunged over and over into her depths.
"Is this how HE fucked you?" Tom growled caustically, "Is this what his cock felt like inside you?"
"Yes!" Jessica hissed back at him almost angrily, "Yes! He fucked me like the whore I am!"
Thrusting harder he began pistoning his erection as deep into her oozing pussy as he could go.
"How did it feel... when he fucked you?" Her husband snarled vehemently again, not realising that it was himself he was trying to torment, not her.
"Was his cock... bigger than THIS!" He half yelled, using his back and legs to slam into her as hard as he could.
"Thicker..." Almost delirious with the delight she felt Jess struggled to gasp, "much thicker... he filled me, his cock... filled me..."
"Was it good?" Continuing to remorselessly pound away at her, his arse rose and fell between her splayed thighs as he questioned her, "Did you... did you like it?"
"I thought I was going... going to explode..."
She moaned, her body beginning to tremble in the throes of yet another orgasm, the pleasure relentlessly building in her, "It was so.... good."
By now he could tell that the whole scenario was having a profound effect on Jess too. The pink flush on her face and chest from her earlier activities had returned with a vengeance and to his delight he realised that she might - just might - have an orgasm at least as big as this afternoon's.
With that thought filling his mind his hips became a blur as passion overtook him and he began to fuck her for all he was worth.
It worked!
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Yes... Yessssssssssssssss" Jessica croaked gutturally, her fingers twisting in the bedcovers as she began to climax beneath her husband.
The realisation that his lovely wife was about to cum for him and not for her lover drove him half insane with lust. His thrusts became wilder and he bit his lip to stifle his own cries as he felt himself approaching the summit.
Under him, Jessica's legs were forced wide open by his frantically thrusting hips and loud slapping sounds emanated from their colliding genitalia. The mixture of her juices and the remains of Markov's sperm churning to a white froth around the base of his shaft while the room filled with the powerful aroma of the passionate sex.
"Oh... Oh God! Harder... Harder... Fuck me harder!" She squealed from beneath him, "Fuck me... like he fucked me!"
Hammering his solid length into her cunt Tom could feel the head of his cock slamming hard into her cervix with every deep, barely-controlled stroke.
"Fuck me!" He heard her moan again, "Fuck your whore wife..."
He couldn't believe his ears. Was this really his sweet, innocent wife's voice?
He had seen her change over the last week once she started work as a stripper but now, now she had become a total slut.
Staring into her face he could see her eyes were wide open, gazing straight back into his but there was a distance in her look, as if it wasn't him, she saw on top of her, fucking her hard.
Tom closed his eyes and thought back to watching Gregor Markov screwing his wife that afternoon; he pictured the way his cock had pounded into her quim earlier and of her legs spread grotesquely wide as she submitted totally to him. There had also been the orgasms he had fucked into her sweet body as well as his own shuddering climax when his sperm spurted into her belly and of the look on her face as she received his seed.
Unaware of what was going through her husband's mind Jessica writhed against him, the sensations growing inside her until she could no longer hold them back.
"Oh God Yes!" She shrieked out loud, "Yes, oh yes... I'm gonna cum... Oh God.... I'm.... gonna.... cum!"
Her pussy clamped itself around his shaft, the puffy labia clinging to his manhood, folding in when he drove in to her and trying to pull him back inside when he drew away from her.
"Oh God! Fuck! Fuck! Oh Yes! Yes!" Jess screamed loudly enough for him to worry about the neighbours as she started to orgasm, "Cum now! I want your cum in me...please... nowwwwwwwwwwwww!"
He felt a ball of heat forming and growing in his lower spine, its warmth quickly spreading between his thighs and down his legs as one of the most intense climaxes of his entire life rushed upon him. His swollen organ, already huge by his usual standards seemed to swell even more, its head now pressed tight against the pulsing walls of his wife's sex.
His breath caught in his chest, his tummy muscles spasming as a surge of pain flashed through the base of his erection and he began to cum wildly and violently. The bed was bumping against the wall, strange grunting sounds escaping from his throat as his body shook uncontrollably.
"Ung.... Ung.... Uggggg.... Uggggg!"
"Oh, fuck, fuck... I'm cummmmmmiinngggggggggggggggggg!" His wife's final shriek echoed around the bedroom as she came hard on his prick.
Jessica's slim body convulsed violently, almost bucking him off when she started to thrash wildly under him.
His nut sack was tight against his shaft as perhaps the most powerful orgasm Tom had ever enjoyed overtook him, spattering his wife's pulsing cervix with copious amounts of his potent seed.
"Oh god Jess... Jess.... Aaaaahhhhhhhhh!"
Making a series of short, sharp, uncontrolled thrusts he hammered the head of his cock against the entrance to her womb.
With every pulse of his ejaculation, he felt his body emptying itself into hers. The release of tension, both physical and emotional came from deep within him as pulse after pulse wracked him until he felt there could be nothing left to give her and he was finally released from the fears that had gripped him so tightly.
Now empty he held himself still, hovering over her motionless body, both of them panting for breath. His sore and puffy cock softening within her then slipping easily out.
Sitting back on his heels he gazed adoringly at his wife's slender form on the bed; legs splayed open, long blonde hair fanned out over the pillow, her modest breasts rising and falling as she recovered from what was possibly her most intense orgasm of the afternoon.
Looking down between her legs he could see her slit was red and swollen, a trickle of their combined juices mixing with the remains of Gregor Markov's sperm had already started to ooze from her gaping inner lips.
"Was that up to his standard?"
"Please, Tom. I love you so much." Laying back she looked up at him and started to cry, "It was so much better."
"I'm sorry... I... I just don't want to lose you." His face fell.
"You won't. Whatever happens... you won't." Throwing herself at him she hugged him tightly.
Wrapping her up in his arms they clung to each other as he let her sob, tears streaming down her face and making his chest wet.
Eventually, she eased herself away from him and looked up into his eyes, "That was wonderful, you're wonderful."
Grinning he kissed her gently.
"Do you want that drink now?" He asked making her giggle.
"Yes please."
Letting go of her he lay back, watching, as she slowly got up, her hand between her legs to catch the dripping mess oozing out of her pussy as she stumbled to the bathroom.
"Wine?" He called after her, "And maybe a take away?"
"Please. Pizza would be good." Came the shout back, "I'll be out as soon as I clear up this mess and take a shower."