It was a muggy Sunday evening in July; street lights were just coming on as the sky dimmed, but visibility was still good.
Josie stood, wrapped in her calf-length great coat, looking over to the town hall steps from the other side of the square. 'They are there,' she whispered.
I nodded. 'All eager not to miss out this time,' I muttered. The previous week, for her first such reveal, Josie had announced a similar display that had been attended by just two men, out of the twelve who had said they were interested. That they had passed on their positive recommendations obviously impressed this lot 'Ready?'
She nodded timidly. 'Yeah.'
We walked across toward the gathering of individuals, all trying not to look like they were waiting for something, or that they were with each other. A quick count up and I estimated that there were about fifteen people there, both men and women. A few noticed us with mild interest, but since they had already made their assumptions about what had brought them here they discounted us as organisers, figuring we were others from the Facebook site. They subsequently realised how wrong they were when Josie trotted up the steps a little way, turned and, bashfully grinning at them, threw open her coat to reveal that she wore nothing else except a pair of knee length, kid leather, tan coloured boots.
'Good evening, perverts!' Those who hadn't paid attention now fixed their gaze on the slight girl in her early twenties, with short, bright red-dyed hair. 'We estimate that we have nearly five minutes before someone in authority comes to break this up, so lets roll!'
She sat down on one of the steps, her legs parted so that all could see that she was bald in all the right places. I herded the audience in closer and pulled out my phone, filming what was happening for her pleasure later.
She grinned at them as they stared, an utterly different girl to the nervous one she had been in the car on the way over. 'Get in close guys,' she chuckled. She indicated to me and I tossed her favourite dildo to her, over their heads.
'One thing, but it is very important. You were warned on the net but I make no apology for telling you once more: you do not touch me. Do not even pretend to make an attempt to touch me. If I want someone to do something I will say so, but do not try to talk to me while I am...performing.' She nearly choked over the words and I wondered if she was now having second thoughts, but she bravely carried on. 'And no cameras guys. If we see a camera, a phone or any similar item, even if it isn't, then the whole thing ends and the thing will be smashed if we can get hold of it. Ok?' Mumbled agreement from some of those present allowed Josie to nod that they understood. 'Ok...'
The dildo was plunged into her waiting pussy, she had stabbed herself with the thick, bulbous-headed, pink toy and made noises that left no one in any doubt that she was enjoying what it was doing to her rather than that she was in pain. I moved around just behind the crowd, from one side of the group to the other, filming what Josie was doing and how intently her audience was watching. The dildo was hammered in to her then withdrawn until just the tip of the head was still in contact with her before being forced back in.
Knowing we didn't have long, added to the fact that she had been vigorously playing with herself in the car on our way here, despite her nervousness (although she had brazenly professed her intention to distract me, as I tried desperately to ignore what she had been blatantly doing in the passenger seat), I figured that she wouldn't last long and, to be fair, she didn't. I would later calculate, with the help of the video, that she took a little over three minutes from first contact to her jubilant groan of ecstasy and the spray of her ejaculation which caught those immediately in front of her in, the front row, totally unaware.
'Ok people, shows over,' I called as I made my way over to Josie who, understandably, was thoroughly exhausted and possible in danger of passing out for a few minutes. 'Come on sis, lets get out of here before trouble turns up,' I grumbled as I helped her up.
She pulled her coat together and, clutching my arm tightly, we strode away from the crowd.
'How was it?' She sounded breathless.
'Worked for me,' I grunted.
'Pervert,' Josie chuckled and pulled herself in close to me, her head resting on my shoulder.