I woke up, my arms and legs aching. Aidan rolled over and started rubbing my arm, kneading it. I purred and closed my eyes, losing myself to the massage. He continued this process for a while longer, then moved away from me. Although I wasn't looking at him, I could sense him looking at me. Ignoring his stare, I slid out of bed and padded across the room. I was still angry with him for last night, but it'd gotten me so hot. I tried to shake the thought away and decided that a nice hot shower might be the answer to my problems. I walked to the bathroom, closed the door and locked it. I didn't want any more sick little games from him.
I shrugged my robe off me then stepped into the shower, letting the warm water trickle on my sensitive skin. I lifted my face to it, smiling, then began to soap myself up. I worked in the soap harder as I thought about the night's events, kneading and pressing it in. I didn't know whether to be disgusted or turned on. I shook my head and continued to lather myself up.
I hopped out of the shower, wrapping my hair in a towel and wrapping a towel around me. I headed downstairs and went to the kitchen, grabbing a slice of pizza from a couple nights before. Call me a tramp, but cold pizza is nice. Anyways, as I munched on the snack, Aidan wandered in, smirking at me. "You left these upstairs." he remarked, placing my panties on the table.
I flung them off the table, glaring at him. He chuckled at me then leant in for a kiss. I turned my face away from him, the resent from yesterday kicking in. A hurt look crossed his face, then he sighed and walked over to the fridge. I looked over at him, he was so damn hard to stay mad at, especially when he was hurt. He always got this scolded-puppy look on his face if we argued. With his big brown eyes and messy blonde hair, he was the perfect vision of innocence. Or so it seemed, anyway. He walked back with a bowl of cornflakes, then sat at the other side of the table, not making eye contact.
"I'm going to town later." I said breaking the silence.
He looked up eagerly and said he'd take me. I rejected his idea and walked upstairs before he could try again. Now would be a good time to go, I thought to myself.
I put on a pair of plain white panties with matching bra, a blue denim skirt (Primark's best of course) and a lilac halter top. I completed the outfit with a white cotton jacket that only came up to my waist. My hair was slightly wavy from coming out of the shower, but it looked nice anyway so I left it like that. I put a pair of strap on heels and trotted down the stairs. I came downstairs to find Aidan already dressed, in his baggy jeans and hoodie.
Fuckfuckfuck.
I grabbed my bag and went for the front door when he stepped in front of it. "Nope, I'm coming with you Lex."
With that, he grabbed my hand and pulled me out to the car. I complained but he ignored me, opening the car door for me. I grumbled and stepped inside, not wanting him to come. He climbed in the car and we drove to town.
We got into a parking lot and I waited for him to unlock the door. He fiddled with something in his bag, not showing me what he was doing. Suspicion arose within me, and when he unlocked the door I darted out. He caught me by the shoulder and swung me around. I yelped and turned around to see if anyone had heard. Thankfully no one had. He grinned, producing that black vibrator from last night and this other strange contraption. "What are you doing?", I hissed.
"Hold still." he muttered, fiddling with my panties.
"Stop it, someone might see!" I whispered furiously, looking around. About 30 feet away there was a car pulling up. They were pulling up on the other side of the car so they wouldn't see us straight away but they'd see us if they walked this way. He pulled my panties down to my ankles lifted my skirt up, showing any passerby's my pussy.
I didn't want to attract any attention so I kept quiet, praying he'd be done soon. He knelt down by my pussy, rubbing my clit and blowing on my pussy. I gave out a low moan, and he slowly slid the black vibrator into my pussy.
"Hold it there." he ordered. I clenched my pussy muscles to keep it in, praying it wouldn't start vibrating and I'd have an orgasm here and now. At least it wasn't on my clit. He produced a second toy, a strange contraption with little sucker things.
"What the hell is that?!" I yelped out as he licked the sucker clamps. He ignored my question and placed the thing around my clit, the bulbous part sitting directly on it. The suckers held it in place around my vagina. He smiled and pulled my panties back up, then yanked my skirt back down.
He stood back up and leant against me. I was leant against the car, worried the little contraptions he'd put on me were going to turn on. Just then, the people that'd come out of the car near us walked past.
Aidan smiled at them then leaned into me, kissing me. I kissed him back, then he snuck his hand up my skirt. I pulled away, then realised I couldn't because he had me pinned between him and the car. I prayed the people walking in front of us weren't going to turn around. He pressed his fingers onto the contraption around my clit, and it started humming. It felt soft.. but incredible. I whimpered as the buzz began to get stronger. He grinned and his fingers drifted down to the vib inside me. He pressed his fingers against the button and the buzz started, pressing on my G-spot. I moaned loudly and the family turned around.
Fuckfuckfuck.
My panties were holding everything in place, and I couldn't take them out if we were walking around town. I knew Aidan wouldn't let me go to the toilet either.
"Shall we go shopping then?" he drawled, linking my arm into his. I walked funnily, trying not to brush my legs together. It didn't help that I was wearing a skirt and heels either. What if I started squirting? Damn you, Aidan!
I hobbled out of the car park, the vibrations getting harder to ignore. We went to New Look first, since Aidan insisted on paying I decided to buy as many things as possible to get back at him. I left with 2 big bags of stuff, unsure whether to be happy about my new wardrobe or frustrated with the incessant buzzing. We went into Boots next and I wobbled straight over to the makeup section to try and distract myself.
I bought a few new makeup supplies, and then we headed into Claire's. I bought a pair of sunglasses, and Aidan bought a fashion scarf he said would suit me. It was nice, I had to admit. The vibrations were still low enough so I could function, but it was becoming more of a struggle. Aidan decided he wanted a bite to eat, so we went to KFC.
I was glad for the opportunity to sit down and I agreed eagerly. Hopefully I could pull these vibrators out of me. Aidan picked a couple of seats around the corner, where no one could see you unless you were sat on the very edge of your seat. We waited in the queue, Aidan watching me knowingly.
"Stop getting some sick pleasure out of this, you weirdo." I glared at him. He just laughed. Once we'd reached the till, the buzzing had gotten suddenly stronger. How's that for timing, huh. To make it worse, Aidan decided I was the one that had to order the food.
"C..can I have the b-b-bonus box and 2 ch-chicken burgers, please?" I stammered out. Aidan pointed at the drinks.
"Oh, a..and a large Sprite and a large C..coke?" I was half leant on the counter by this point. She looked at me weirdly then went off with my order. I didn't wait for Aidan and wobbled over to our seats, sitting down quickly.
"Oh Lex, how'd you do that?" Aidan piped up.
"Do what?" I asked. He then told me there was a big stain on the back of my coat.
"Oh crap." He told me to turn around and he'd sort it, then as quick as a ninja tied my hands behind my back. To make things worse, I was nearly at orgasm point. I begged him to untie me, I needed to take the vibrators out. He just grinned at me. Now I knew what his plan was. He wanted me to orgasm, and not be able to stop it unless he did. So I was completely at his mercy. Suddenly it hit me, and as I writhed and moaned my skirt and panties got soaked. I lay there panting. That was the biggest one I'd had. Now my clit was over-sensitive though and I needed to get them off NOW. I looked at Aidan pleadingly.
"Please, please take them out."
"What, I didn't hear you?" he laughed. I begged again, and all he did was sit there. He let this continue for another 30 seconds, as I gyrated and wriggled about, trying to move to pressure somewhere else. He started to take pity on me.
"Okay, I think I've had enough fun with you. I'll tell you what, I'll take them out for you if you stand up next to the seats so anybody can see you. Then I'll pull them out for you."
It would be absolutely embarrassing but I was willing to do just about anything to get them off. "F-f-fine. Just h..hurry." I struggled to stand up, the buzz making my knees weak. I stood next to the seats, and Aidan, hiding behind the wall wrapped his arm around my front. I hoped he'd just slip his hand in but he made it worse by hitching my skirt up around my waist and pulling my knickers down.
My cheeks were crimson with shame. He ever so slowly pulled the vibrator out, taunting me further. Then he pulled the suckers off, one by one, the vibrator almost clinging to my clit. He pulled off the rest of it and pulled my panties back up and yanked my skirt back down. I'd been avoiding looking at other people, and to my relief only a couple of people had looked. One spotty teenage kid grinning at me and an old man leering at me.
Ew, disgusting. I collapsed back onto my seat. "How 'bout untying me now?" I begged. He undid the knot and put the scarf back into the bag.
"Haha, I love playing with you Lex. I never knew you were so kinky." I stared at him in horror.
"You think that I'm kinky?!" I exclaimed. "Sure I do – it was like a fountain down there. I wouldn't be surprised if I found out that you were an exhibitionist!"
I just glared at him – there was so point in arguing since he'd just justify it in his mind anyway. I took a fry and chowed down on it, suddenly hungry.