She must know I'm watching...
He walked out onto the upstairs deck that sunny mid-morning to clean the bar-b-que grill from the night before and happened to glance across the wall around it and into the neighbor's back yard and saw Annie's sister Gail in the back yard. She was wearing a white t-shirt and very short cutoff jeans, her dark hair tied in a ponytail. She was apparently weeding the flowerbeds that bordered the privacy fence around the back yard.
He watched her for a while, and she stood and stretched her back. It was now clear she was not wearing a bra under the t-shirt as he could faintly see the outline of the nipples of her firm breasts making little peaks in the material. She moved to the next section and glanced up and must have noticed him watching her. As she bent to pull the next weed she kept her legs straight, feet slightly parted, and the shorts stretched across her backside and the bottom crease of her butt cheeks were slightly exposed. She did this a couple of times and he moved to the spotting scope on the tripod by the wall and focused in to get a better look. He could now see that the shorts exposed quite a bit of her derriere, the denim running between her legs in a thin blue line and as she turned it was clear she was braless.
She paused and looked at the length of the flowerbed at the base of the fence, dusted her hands together and walked up onto the cement patio and moved a chaise lounge into the center. She may have glanced his way as she walked to the back door and opened it and as she walked through, her back to him, she reached down and pulled the t-shirt over her head and off.
He stood there for a few minutes. She had looked his way. Had she seen him? She must have seen him standing there but she had given no indication. Perhaps she hadn't noticed him.
As these thoughts went through his head, Gail walked back out onto the patio wearing a white bikini, a towel draped over one arm and a bottle of oil in her hand. She draped the towel over the back and down the seat of the lounger and sat down, leaned back on the angled backrest and straightened her long tan legs in front of her, crossing her ankles.
He returned to the 'scope and watched her as she snapped the cap open on the bottle of oil. Extended one arm, she squeezed a line of oil from her wrist to her shoulder. Set the bottle down and rubbed the oil into her tan skin, moving her hand up and down her arm until it was shining. She repeated the process on the other arm and then leaned back and drizzled a line of oil just below her neck from shoulder to shoulder and began to rub that in as well. Her breasts were moving under the tight bikini top as the skin at the top of her breasts became shiny with oil.
Watching her he felt his manhood stir and rise, straining against the swim trunks he was wearing. He moved one hand down and slide it inside the waistband and gripped his now erect cock, stroking it slowly.
Across the alley, Gail had now bent one knee and cocked her leg as she oiled it, her legs spreading a bit and he had a clearer view of the triangle of fabric that covered her womanhood. She straightened that leg and now worked on the other. He could now see the two vertical ridges that ran up the center of her bikini bottom, creating a valley between them. Finished with her legs, she stretched them in front of her again but left them slightly parted.
She moved her hands to her chest above her breasts again and applied more oil, this time her fingers went beneath the two triangles that made up the bikini top and he could see the outline of her fingers moving over her breasts.
She stopped and looked both ways, leaned forward and reached behind her, pulling the strings the fastened the top unfastened, the top rode up a bit now, exposing the lower portions of both breasts. Her hands moved to the front again and she lifted the bikini top up and over her head, releasing her full breasts.
He couldn't stand it and slid his trunks down, his erection springing from him and he grasped it's hard length and stroked himself slowly.
Picking up the bottle of oil again, she ran another line across her chest just above her breasts and began to rub the oil down and across her bare breasts, some of it sliding down the valley between them as her fingers rubbed over her tightening dark pink nipples sometimes pausing to flick them with a fingertip or squeeze them between her fingers.
She applied more oil, this time dripping it directly on her erect nipples and rubbed it down her torso and he watched as her hand slid beneath the bikini bottom and down covering her mound and moving back and forth.
He was stroking himself a little faster now as he watched her remove her massaging hand from inside the bikini bottom and both hands moved to her hips, pushing the bikini bottom down. She lifted her hips and then her legs and slid it off completely. Legs straight and together again he saw the pale smooth skin between her thighs as she retrieved the bottle of oil, oiled the tops of her upper thighs and squirted oil in and around her belly button.
She set the bottle down and her hand moved up to her breast, With one hand on her belly and the other hand squeezing her full breast, she slowly spread her legs until she draped them over the arms of the lounger, exposing her darker pink pussy lips as her oily hand moved in the oil and then down and down until one finger slid between her lips and moved up and down slowly, spreading the oil over her pale smooth skin.
He could stand no more and his hard cock in his fist swelled and hardened more as he watched her and he began to spurt his load of thick, white cum from his cockhead, spasm after spasm spraying from him.
As he looked back through the eyepiece, she stopped rubbing herself and he watched as two oily fingers slid slowly and deeply inside her spread lips and began to move in and out slowly and then faster.
His relaxing manhood began to stiffen again, much to his surprise, as he watched her slamming two fingers in and out of herself, her head back and eyes closed, and he wondered if he was going to cum again and he stroked himself harder and faster.
She pulled the fingers from knuckle deep inside her, used that hand to spread her lips wider and her other hand moved to the top of her mound. She pulled back the flesh a bit and he could see her hard, little pink clit exposed and two fingers began to rub back and forth rapidly.
A minute of this and he saw her hips rotate back a bit, all the muscles beneath her smooth skin tighten, her legs widen further and the pink wet flesh between her fingers began to bulge outward and then retract, then bulge outward again pushing clear fluid from inside her. She spasmed several times and then she stopped, both hands covering her wet pussy and her legs moved together trapping her hands between them tightly.
Just as she did this, he felt himself stiffen even more and begin to spurt again, over and over until he was spent and his knees were weak.
Looking back at her, she was now motionless, her body limp. She remained still for several minutes, opened her eyes, looked directly at him and smiled.
Then, she slowly rose, naked, from the lounge chair, gathered her bikini, towel and oil and slowly walked back into the house.