"Get in that office Cruz."
"Mister Mayor, I'm sorry if I humiliated you." Childlike tone maintained, punished or not, "I was only making certain Mister G was seeing that I was staying in character as Babee. You know that if I don't, I risk getting civilians hurt."
"I know this, Cruz. You may have made detective but from what I understand you were never sworn in. Let's fix that error."
Within Captain Bettinger's office the captain had just stepped back in after cleaning himself up. Coping the best, he could he closed his blinds to avoid his people looking in to witness his temperament. Ashamed of everything he needed a drink, including drinking on the job. In sitting down, he removed a bottle of Jim Beam from a desk drawer and poured himself a small tumbler. Downing it he prepared to repeat. As his door burst open the ever-luscious Calliope Cruz was guided in by Bernie Foster. Even in her walk she shuffled like a clueless bimbo. Far from it but good at her job in every which way. Detective skills, Drama Queen, Seductress! To name only a few!
"Finish swearing her in. That shield handed to her means nothing until it's official."
"WAIT! What about Burgundy and Luis? They weren't official either." She frets cozying up to the mayor's arm. In her nearness Bernie Foster catches a whiff of dried cum upon her.
"Of course! Let's call them in and get this over with. Cruz here needs a shower."
"Oh, spew!" Pooh! "It's just another day at the orifice." She dances while rubbing up on Bernie's side. He was trying to be professional but even his guard was coming down. It was bad enough that this Gabriel was forcing their hands in letting Calliope wear so little. If anything! The public backlash would be a P.R. nightmare. He knew the local News outlets could not show footage of the earlier conference due to her risqué attire and attitude. But obvious editing would still create a media frenzy.
"Bernie?" Captain Bettinger nudges the Jim Beam bottle in his direction, "I know drinking on the job is against the rules but after the last two hours I feel like getting drunk. Join me before it gets any worse?"
The good mayor eyes the bottle, "Under the conditions I do believe a nip is called for."
Babee immediately erupts bouncing in step, her monster mounds swirling in two different directions, "I have two nips. Get me drunk! Get me drunk!"
"Of course, you do, Young Lady." Bernie pulls away snatching up the bottle, drinking directly out of it to satisfy his frustrations.
"It's almost empty. We can play Spin the Bottle. I always get really, really, really dizzy watching it. Round and round it goes! Where Babee stops she always hoes." She giggled. Hearing her the Mayor chokes and spits the whiskey to his left before obtaining a tissue from Bettinger's desk to wipe his mouth.
Bettinger sighs and puts his hand up, "Cruz? Not another word." He then picks up his desk phone and calls out, "Bydweider? Find Burgundy Jones and Luis Santos. Have them come to my office immediately. Is Commissioner Meade still out there? Ask her in as well. No luck tracing that Gabriel's call, eh? McClure has it under control?" Response dull, "Somehow I doubt that. Keep me posted if anything more occurs." Hanging up Donald swallows the leftover whiskey from his glass and sets it aside.
Calliope leans forward over Bettinger's desk with an index finger to her lips proving her silence as ordered. As he settles in his seat quietly, she tilts her gaze at the mayor catching him looking at her ass. She wiggles barely covered bottom until he looks up to see her finger hushing his speech. From there she points at her choker then her ears before motioning her palm through the air to let them know Gabriel was likely listening in through the choker's cameo. Bettinger nodded his comprehension.
"So, who is this, Gabriel?" Bettinger selected his words well to make conversation.
"Obviously a madman." Foster adds his own improv which was the truth. "Taking innocent lives just to prove he can control this poor woman."
"Mister G does control me Mister B. I have to do whatever he says until we track him down."
"How long can we possibly let Cruz here run around the streets of Miami in her underwear?"
"Or nekkie." She points out rolling her eyes.
"Can you imagine what kind of publicity this will bring on? Church groups will deem her the Devil's Daughter. They will call out the government for even allowing this charade. The second she's forced to have sex in the streets there will be riots. This poor woman will be raped day and night."
"Awww! Thank you for caring about Babee, Bernie. That means a lot. Of rapes that is! Babee can squeal with it. Deal with it. Babee has to."
"Of course, Miss Cruz." The mayor adjusts his tie at her brilliant big brown eyes looking all puppy dog.
"Calliope?"
"Yes, Donny?"
"It may come to that. I'm not quite sure how to protect you. I don't believe this Gabriel will allow you to have a garrison of armed officers surrounding you."
"I can handle myself Donny. I worry more that I can never go undercover again. My face will be easy to recognize. And my cute bottom, and my big boobies."
"You are correct, Miss Cruz. I fear your career will need to be cut and dry law enforcement after all of this. However, this all turns out please know that we will stand behind you."
"You're standing behind me right now. You should join Mister B, Donny." She twerks her butt cheeks while winking. Foster's eyes darting between professionalism and lust was waning fast. This woman was exquisite in every way imaginable. Donny finished off his tumbler and actually licked the rim of the glass. "Donny? Stop doing that I might need licked too. See? My tumbler is calling out to you now because I'm jealous." Twerkathon! If Donald didn't have such a migraine, or a huge erection, he might laugh.
"Forgive me, Miss Cruz. I will try my best to avoid eye contact with your personable areas."
Calliope stood up straight then twists in step to face him. Her wrist held in her left-hand forces muscular biceps to crush her melons together as she pouts at his trial run at avoiding checking her out. Epic fail! "No can do! I like it when people look at me like how you're looking at me right now, Mister BFF." Bernie Foster Forever! "It makes me all warm inside. Wet too! Tingly even!"
"OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE WOMAN!" Sweating profusely Bernie Foster removes a hanky from his coat pocket and dabs his forehead, "This is going to be a long election year."
Bettinger offered his Beam bottle up one last time, but Bernie opts to decline. He was having enough trouble as it was without the effects of alcohol defiling his better judgment.
"Calliope?" Bettinger lowers his gaze, "About everything that happened earlier at roll call, we should all be ashamed of ourselves. You may have went along with it because of Gabriel's threats but I've known you a good long while now. You may be flirty as all get out, but I know damned well you're a good girl."
"Not any morrrre." She tilts her profile to the left and fidgets. "Babee baaaaad! Need spanky!"
"Thirty-five Cops were duped into behaving terribly toward you Calliope. The scars will never heal."
"Not all of them were terrible. I'll write down who and you can call their names twice tomorrow." She bats her eyelashes at Bettinger. He knew she meant him and was only trying to cheer him up. In her own thoughts she couldn't agree more with him. She would continue this act as long as necessary, but her scars would indeed mount up. Duty meant everything to Calliope "Princess" Cruz. Before her thoughts could become clouded a knock on the captain's door found Burgundy, Luis, and Commissioner Meade asking for entry. A swift wave inside the group filed in and closes the door. Burgundy immediately threw her arms around her friend.
"You okay, C.C?"
"I'm fine B.J."
Santos snickers mimicking the nickname, "B.J.! Why did I never think of that before now?"
"And they're making you a detective?" Burgundy grimaces coldly!
"Alright settle it down. Let's do this swearing in the right way. Commissioner will you do the honors?"
"After today, dare I say it, you all deserve this. In the days ahead I know you will bring this Gabriel to justice. It is indeed my pleasure. If you will repeat after me?" She takes a deep breath and begins, " On my honor, I will never betray my badge, my integrity, my character or the public trust. I will always have the courage to hold myself and others accountable for our actions. I will always uphold the constitution, my community, and the agency I serve."
The three follow her every word until finished. In response Bettinger chimes in, "Welcome Detectives Third Grade."
"I was really cutesy in the third grade." Babee giggled turning to the mayor with an added, "I had piggy tails and sucked my teachers' thumb. At least he said it was his thumb, the class was playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey. I was the donkey that day so I was blindfolded." So wrong! So, not the truth! Everyone cringed at her admission until she looked confused holding her thumb to her lips. "Maybe it was at the police academy. That's right! It was roleplay day, but I was the only one dressed like a little girl."
"You're ate up, Cruz." Burgundy frowned.
"I was! I was Strawberry Shortcake that day. They couldn't get enough of me. Everyone had a sweet tooth. I was covered in whip cream. Wait a minute! I don't recall any... I swore I felt them shake their cans. Darn blindfold!"
It was difficult not to laugh even under the circumstances. Calliope was doing as Gabriel insisted. Babee 24/7. Frustrated by her partner Burgundy Jones shook her head and hugged Calliope one last time.
"I'm beside you every step of the way Babee."
Concurring Luis adds, "And I'm on your other side. The good one."
"Thank you, guys. Babee wuv you all."
Bettinger paused long enough to puff his cheeks like balloons then clear his throat. While they were reciting the Oath of Honor, he had written down a message for them to read. With his own finger to his lips to quiet them he shows them the note.
"Check out her apartment for any missed clues." He directs it to Burgundy and Luis, peripheral for Calliope to avoid reading it up close. "Forensics has that torched drone."
Babee poses an index finger to stop them. Wagging her finger, she lets them know not to get nosey by tapping her nose. Another point to her choker then to open air and finally to her eyes to inform them that Gabriel was likely watching and listening. The group changed the subject immediately. Luckily, they each had a pretty good game face going on.
"Jones? You and Cruz have to meet with the State's Attorney over Cartucci. They need to go over your statements." Bettinger prompts.
"That should go over well with Babee in her hot pink doilies." Burgundy looked worried.
"I need a shower first. Babee smell like sex. I love my new perfume."
"Semen by Estee Lauder." Luis chuckled, "Or is that Easy Layer?" Not one person laughed. Calliope merely flipped her tongue at him.
Bettinger nods, "Enough jokes! Not at a time like this. Cruz? Hit the showers. I'll stall the State's Attorney. Do not go into detail of Cartucci's rape. If they get any thoughts that you instigated his seduction that can weigh in his favor."
"How can he get off after holding sixteen young girls prisoner and selling them. Money trails easy to follow." Burgundy adds.
"He won't get off. What we need is for him to tell us who the Buyers were. My worry is the Buyer's will be out for blood."
Luis raises his hand as if he needed to. Something had bothered him from earlier at roll call. Bettinger pointing at him as the others gaze his direction led to further communication. Luis smirked a bit, darting his glances around the room, "Anyone curious if this Gabriel is acting alone?" He poses a finger at the Commissioner, "He was talking to all of us. Texting others. Then, shooting flowerpots in the Commissioner's garden. Makes one wonder if he's chewing gum too."
Bettinger and Meade pucker as one noting that Luis had a point. That might be their first clue. Burgundy reacts to his idea and grabs him by the shirt dragging him out of the office. Once away from Babee's choker she grins at him, "Off to a good start Detective Santos. Let's you and I drive over to Meade's garden and check for ballistics." Without admitting where they were going the fledgling detectives raced out of the precinct.
Bettinger had a good idea where they were headed. As did Commissioner Meade who began to text her mate until Babee stops her with a hand over the cell. Shaking her head with a leery expression Meade reconsidered. Feeling her cameo vibrate Calliope points at it. It was barely audible but noticed. She had a feeling Gabriel wanted to talk.
"Babee needs to get all wet and soapy. Can Babee go now Daddy Donny?"
Wincing he growls, "GO! BYDWEIDER?????? Get Gary Conway in here. We still need to discuss his taking bribes."
Meade winces, "I thought his name was Gordan Conway."
"Gordan Garrison Conway." Bettinger scowled, "Half the force calls him by Gary. His name even sounds like a career criminal. Good Lord! Belay that Bydweider. I'll deal with him after the Inquiry."
Babee slips away after caressing the mayor on the cheek and tugging at his tie. The looks he received by Meade and Bettinger made him grab the Jim Beam bottle for another swig. Bernie had changed his mind.
Calliope walked amongst friends. In the precinct her fellow Officers admired her decision just as much as they admired her flesh. Some praised her quietly for her bravery. Others apologizing yet again for their actions. In her slow journey toward the locker room, she feels her choker vibrate.
Her cell phone vibrating next she answers immediately, "What now Gabey?"
"An officer will bring you a micro-Bluetooth to wear in your ear. Wear it wherever you go so I may be with you."
"Thanks for lowering the boom box volume you normally speak to me in. My ears appreciate it. Can I shower my stank off in peace?"
"Of course, my pet! Freshen up and be the alluring creature I expect you to represent."
"You do know I have a busy day ahead of me, right? I have to meet with Cartucci's Lawyers and answer any questions concerning his arrest. How can I do my job if I'm at your beckon call?"
"You will be given room to perform your necessary business. The attorney's will be well aware of your situation including my demands of you. They cannot in any good conscience hold what I dictate of you as an offense. Regardless, I demand you perform as Babee Ramirez as instructed. Do not deviate or I will be cross."
"Right! I might need fresh undies. Showering is pointless if my undies wrinkle up noses Gabey."
"I will see to it a care package is delivered with a variety of options. Stiletto heels as well. Never again will you wear tennis shoes or pumps."
"Those are going to give me blisters."
"DO NOT ARGUE WITH ME." Back to bellowing she cringed.
"Babee not argue. Just saying! May I go shower now?"
"Yes! Shower in the men's locker room."
"Somehow I knew you would do that to me."
"Your new identity is Detective Pornstar. Go above and beyond the call of duty."
"If I catch an STD, I swear the day I find you I'm going to..."
"Worry should that day arrive. Know this, I am watching out for you. Facial recognitions on my end will immediately direct me to medical reports. I will advise those with any STD that should they violate you it will be a death sentence on their part. Even during roll call I had foreseen the files on every officer in your precinct. All clear!"
"That's comforting. Mind making guys use condoms more often. I like them lambchop ones. With ribs."
"NEVER!"
Her call ends abruptly as the silence makes her growl under her breath. Finally, she inhales deeply and inflates her cheeks, chalking her situation up to not having much choice here. Off to the men's room she went. Entering unknown territory, she held her latest breath and just barged right on in. Beyond the door were stand up urinals where two off duty cops were relieving their bladders. Having heard the situation, the two men looked at each other before deciding on how best to welcome her.
"Hey there, Cruz."
"Hi Rudy. I'd ask what's shakin' but I already know." Wiggling behind them on her search for the shower room the second officer, Darius Glover, a 30 something African American washed his hands and looked back at Rudy Biggs with bulging eyes. He couldn't believe how cool and collected Calliope Cruz was being under the stress of a serial bomber forcing her actions.
"Are you alright, Cruz?" Biggs a 34-year-old Caucasian with a buzzcut hairstyle zipped up.
"Been better Biggsy. Babee will live. Do either of you have any body wash and a towel I can borrow?"
"Bar soap." Biggs spoke up, "Not into that body wash stuff. Doesn't feel manly."
"I've got a spare towel." Glover offers moving into the locker area. The two men return with gifts to the Goddess.
"So why are you showering in the guy's locker room?" Biggs narrowed his eyes as she accepts her useful hygiene product.
"Dukes of Hazards of the job!" She made a boxing motion, "I'm following orders to the Mr. T. I don't want anyone else to get hurt because no one stood up to Gabriel."
"I don't call what you're doing as standing up to him Calliope." Biggs added, "You're being used. I'm afraid to admit it but I know darn well a few guys from roll call jumped at the chance to... you know. Heard them bragging!"
"Fuck me? Babee not naïve! I know guys want me." She stepped into the large shower room with four showerheads and hung her towel from the water on a hook. Removing her hot pink panties with her badge still pinned to them she delicately sits them aside on the hook next to her towel. Her pink bra followed unveiling her enormous but gravity defying tits. The guys could only sigh at witnessing such sculpted perfection. Starting the shower she squeals at the abrupt cold, her eyes bright and dancing as she expresses her shock.
Glover fidgets, "Even though we weren't part of roll call I think we all wanted cold showers after earlier. Sorry to say we were looking through the windows."
"Hey Darius? Let's give Cruz here some privacy. We owe her that much seeing as what she's sacrificing to keep that bomber in check. Mad respect Calliope!"
"Thanks! I'm fine if you want to watch me hide behind studs, I mean suds." Babee pouts slightly, "Is it strange that I don't want to be alone?"
"Not really." Glover puckers, "You're probably scared shitless."
"Not really! I was raised to be tough. Babee can handle anything."
Biggs shakes his head, "Careful what you brag about Cruz. It might bite you on the ass."
"I hope not. I think Mister G wants me to be his trophy slut. Teeth marks on my tushy might look unattractive."
"Not to me." Glover grins then clears his throat at Rudy's glare, "Just sayin'!"
Soaping her body, she cleans away the stickiness of long dried cum. Glover watches her every glossy move while Biggs shy's away a bit out of respect. Calliope merely performed her task. It was good to feel normal again. Qhile cleansing her tits and inner thighs she felt her choker vibrate. Rolling her eyes, she knew Gabriel must be listening in and was encouraging her to tease. Turning her back to the officers she made a valiant attempt to wash her back. Contorting her upper body to reach her butt cheeks. While prying her ass apart in her stance both men noted her adorably perfect anal cavity. It was a thing of beauty.
"Can I trouble one of you Biggs strong men to help me wash my back?"
Glover chuckled at her use of Rudy's name in her request. With a motion of hands to "Go for it." Biggs scowled. Uncertain whether he should she merely remained in her contortion and bats her eyes at Rudy. With a respected, "I can't believe I'm doing this." he stepped toward her but maintained enough distance to not get wet. Scooting back Calliope began to hand him the soap. Well-orchestrated she drops the bar of soap on the tile floor and offers a giddy "Whoopsie!"
Bending over she presses her wet ass directly over his crotch, a dampness through his slacks immediately felt. Glover busted up laughing. Biggs hiked an eyebrow as he looked down at her cheeks directly pressing into his timid erection. He was truly trying not to think about the situation. It was now impossible to overlook.
"Hey!" Babee pouts looking back at him, "Did they issue new nightsticks and not tell Babee?"
Biggs couldn't help but smirk, "Yeah, they did. Wood ones even!"
"YAY! Babee like twirling nightsticks. I hope they aren't too thick. Fumble fingers! That's why I can't finger myself."
"Manageable." He shakes his head, "I'm gonna back away now Cruz. Not that, that wasn't damned sexy, but I respect you way too much. Besides this is your first day as detective, it's an insult against you in my book."
"That's really Biggs of you Rudy. It's not how I imagined it though. I really don't have any idea how I'm going to pull this off out in public." Babee pouts with an overly puffed lower lip, "I don't want people to hate Babee."
"Hate might be a strong word. I understand though. Mothers with young kids. Jealous responses toward their men for lusting over you. TV Evangelists! Once they catch wind this is happening it's gonna get fugly."
"Worse yet how will her cases react to her wearing only underwear?" Grover nodded, "Or less." His pulse quickened.
"Do you really think the higher ups are going to allow that? I mean above Meade and Mayor Foster? Like the Governor or dare we speculate higher still?" Biggs questions. "This will go federal there's no hiding it."
"Babee have to meet with Cartucci's lawyers later. I worry my actions will only add to his defense." Calliope shivered then finishes her shower, "I know there's no way he will get off. We have solid proof of him abducting sixteen teenage girls and a money trail as payment for them."
"My question is, who was the buyer?" Glover takes a cell photo of Babee against Biggs wishes. Her beauty and seductiveness made his inner demons prevail. Babee merely posed with a full frontal, hoisting her enormous tits with her tongue sticking out as if going for an areola. Glover whistled at her photogenic behavior.
"You're a moron Glover."
"Hey! It's only for my screensaver." Biggs knew better. Glover would brag like a bitch about seeing Calliope Cruz nude.
"I don't object Biggsy. We all know my career can't get much worse. Once this Gabriel gets caught, I'll be thrown off the force and be lucky to be a toll booth attendant in Poughkeepsie for the rest of my life."
"Don't think like that Calliope. The way I see it you're a hero."
"I know she's mine." Glover dances in step as he sets his screensaver, "Dayum! That pic is melting my cell."
"Glad Babee could help." She sighs and turns the water valve back over to really, really, really cold, "Maybe you should give your phone a cold shower." The chill rose her nipples to their highest peak. She quickly pinched them looking over at Biggs. Growling at her Biggs grabbed his own cell and took a close up of her from the top of her head to her enormous hooters. She knew he wanted his own picture. Men were easy to read.
"Sorry, CC." Biggs snapped at second pic as Calliope turns her back to them shutting the water off and reaching for her towel. Holding the towel to her chin Calliope peered over her right shoulder offering a beautiful batting of eyelashes. They both snapped pictures of her full back side. With a Goddess level ass like hers there was no denying she had their souls.
"Stop being sorry Biggsy. Days ago, I might have beat you both senseless for intruding on me. Now I know I have to allow it. I have to make all men happy and for some reason Babee is okay with that. I want you to lust over me. Promise me you will?"
Biggs swallowed dryly fearing his actions, "What about after we get this Gabriel guy?"
"By then I might like being a slut." She bubbled up knowing that her collar likely allowed Gabriel access to her every word.
"I for one like this side of Calliope Cruz." Glover dared to suggest, "She's certainly on my Christmas list. You got my promise CC."
"Yay! I'll wear a big red ribbon and bow. I've always wanted to give Santa a lap dance."
The officers wanted to laugh but withheld it. Her comment on beating their asses hit home. Both knew she was a black belt and threw a mean punch. They had seen her sparring with Burgundy Jones and nine times out of ten Burgundy was the one laying on the mat.
"Let's get out of here Glover. We're off the clock." Biggs puts his cell away. Glover joining him.
"Biggsy? G Lover?" Babee calls them to one final encounter.
"Yeah?" Both unite.
"Do me one favor?" She smiles sheepishly, "Go home and unload those guns over my pictures."
"No doubt." Glover nodded.
"I'll see what I can do." Biggs swallowed. Both men then left her alone in the locker room.
Drying off Calliope gave way to intimate thoughts, "This is insane. I know I have no choice here. Protecting my mommy is my top priority. All other lives come second. I need to find a way to reach mommy and get her into seclusion where this Gabriel can't find her. Question is how? I can't just call and warn her. If I write a letter or e-mail her, I risk him intercepting, it."
She fidgeted while dabbing at her tight curls which she had managed not to drown under the shower. "How does he have access to so much so quickly? Obvious Hacker or access to a hacker but he's much more than that. How can he be in so many places at one time? He must have an army of pawns. People he's forcing to take target shots or setting up bombs. The bomb thing is tricky. Whomever he uses has to have knowledge. I figure war veterans that he can abuse and call it their PTSD. Blame it solely on their illness. Could be the same with snipers. How far of a reach does Gabriel have? I guess time will tell." As she puts her hot pink underwear back on, she catches a whiff of their own pungent flavor forcing her to wince.
"I need to change. I can't meet Cartucci's lawyers smelling like I stepped out of a gangbang. I suppose I did." It haunts her of the roll call actions, "Good Lord! Forgive me for what I have done. For what I will be forced to do in the future." A light prayer finished off her refresher. God understood! Leaving the locker room, she lured in hungry eyes on her from every corner. With a deep breath Babee belts out, "BABEE SQUEAKY CLEAN!"
No laughter. A number of the female Officers left their posts and offered her a hug out of genuine concern. Calliope had to force her tears back, it was touching how so many of her peers cared. She needed to stay strong. Her new status had to hold what little dignity was left in her.
"If there's anything we can do for you Calliope, just name it." Officer Beth Conroy opened with a whisper. Calliope warmly smiled back with a nod. Josie Durrant and Phoebe Miner agreed with dampened eyes. A tissue box was shared.
"No mascara runs on Babee's watch." She points at them like a rapid fire of three gunshots. They couldn't help it. Everyone adored the bubbly Calliope, even when she was not in Babee mode. Regardless it was an honor to call them friends. Continuing her trek back toward Bettinger's office she is joined by Officer Roy Fitz deciding to walk her the remainder of the way.
"How are you holding up Cruz?"
"Both barrels." Babee lifts her bra covered beauties, areolas peeking up through the material.
"Right on! Listen, Bettinger just assigned me and Ken Tortuga to be your bodyguards tonight. You need anything you let me know." Wagging his brows at her, Calliope smirked at him for his behavior. Somehow Fitz had avoided her at roll call by stepping out of the room to answer questions concerning a traffic accident the day before. Coming off duty he wasn't required to be at roll call anyway. Still his congratulations earlier meant a lot. Why was he still here? It appeared quite a few off-duty cops were lingering. Concern or just wanting to get their fair share of Babee?
"You can stop by the grocery store and buy me some Babee oil so I can get allll shiny."
His flirtations suddenly became professional, "I'm not going to do that. Cruz? I may flirt like crazy, but I think you're one of the best badges out there. You deserved being promoted to detective. I stand by you one hundred percent."
"Thank you, Roy Toy. That means a lot."
"YOU mean a lot." He chokes up slightly. Seeing his reaction Calliope opts to throw her arms around his neck and hug him tightly. He melted into her closing his eyes. It was mirrored by many who joined his quiet tear. Calliope turned her cheek against his and kissed it with a peck, her tongue licking the sole tear streak from his face. Salty but meaningful! His hands rubbed her back respectfully. Feeling her choker vibrate alerted Fitz to its more than meets the eye decor. Calliope puckered her lips at him knowing he had felt it.
"Boss is calling." She reaches her arms away from his neck and grabs his wrists dragging his hands down to her butt. From there she enticed his fingertips into slipping under her panties. "I'll let you return the favor, and you can lick my cheek tonight." She bubbles in a whisper as Babee. Roy Fitz swallowed dryly over his guided tour of her flesh, knowing eyes were scrutinizing his actions. She started it! Accepting his duty as her bodyguard might not have been thought out so well.
"I'll be there for you."
"I know. Gotta go, Toy Roy." His hands lifting away Calliope peeled away from him and wiggled the rest of the way to Captain Bettinger's office. Before entering she leers behind her one last time to observe the eyes on her. Every man in the room hid their erections, the female officers shaking their heads at their colleagues. Smiling Calliope opened the door and entered without knocking. Her breasts crushed against his glass door enough knockers to grant entry.
"Babee back. Ribs are clean."
"This Gabriel sent you a package while you were cleaning up. No ticking, so I don't think it's a bomb. There's a card under the bow." Captain Bettinger pointed.
"Fooooor meeeeeee?" Babee rolls her eyes already aware of her pending gift, "I wonder what it is? Maybe its that clit stimulator I ordered on CLAMazon." Removing the card, she opens it using a nail like a letter opener. Envelope severed she pulls out a letter on crisp stationary. It was typed all save the signature.
"What's it say?"
"Dearest Pornstar! Here are a few things I know you need. You will receive more gifts in the future. Wear them with pride. Your admirer, Gabriel."
"Admirer? Uh-huh!" Bettinger scowls.
"You admire me, Donny. Are you sure these aren't from you?" She winks.
"Mine would have more taste."
"Like tickets to Aruba?"
"Like a potted plant."
"We can take the plant to Aruba." She brilliantly dances in step lifting one shoulder then the other shamelessly.
"Open the package. Let's see what the psycho sent you."
Untying the ribbon, she again uses a nail to crease the tape over the box flaps. Opening it she bulged her eyes. Bettinger stands up at her expression praying it wasn't a severed head in a baggy.
"What is it?"
"Tickets to Aruba. He knew I wanted to go there." She laughs then reaches in to produce a pair of hot pink stiletto heels.
"Break a leg, Detective." Donald chuckled then switched expressions to a grimace.
"No way can I run in these. Let alone drive. Not that I have a car anymore." Babee hints toward Bettinger.
"I'm thinking your partner can do any driving."
"Partner? Who am I getting? Burgundy?"
"No! I'm assigning her to Glenn Roper."
"Groper? He won't be able to drive her. She will break his fingers every time he touches her leg."
"I'm more worried about someone who can back you up professionally Cruz. Someone who would take a bullet for you or be your front line at a mob scene."
"Did you hire Dwayne Johnson?"
"No. Close enough though! Dre Mosley."
"Oooooo! Dre have big musculs." She squeezes Donald's bicep jokingly. "Now he can be my Groper."
"Imposing for sure. Let's hope his size puts enough fear in people to keep them at bay."
"I bet his size..." Bettinger clamps a hand over her mouth and closes his eyes. Calliope couldn't resist giggling under his compressed palm. Maybe in the moment Bettinger was her groper.
"Don't! Just don't!" He counts to ten then removes his hand pointing at the package, "Anything else in there?" She presumed the Bluetooth Gabriel had mentioned but found none.
"YES!" She digs in revealing two more pairs of underwear. One hot pink G-string like her current pair but more revealing in material with a oddly sewn window over her bikini area. The second set white and equally as see through, both G-strings had barely enough cloth to pin her badge to. Immediately, stripping naked in Bettinger's office led him to lower his blinds for a second time in two hours. She quickly donned the white garments. Snapping the thread thin band between her butt cheeks she glared at Donald who tiredly admired her tight ass cheeks. There was no hiding her butt pucker with that thread. "Wanna bounce a quarter on my heart shaped bottom?"
"Out of change! I swear I'm going to have a heart attack before this week is over."
With a slap to her left butt cheek, she put her matching bra on clasping it. It was snugger than her pink one which bulged her cleavage even more, no stuffing areolas in behind these cups. She had to whistle at herself, "Boy I hope those clasps hold the girls in. I'd hate to be the guy walking behind me. The clips might splinter and put an eye out. You know they won't be blinking. Messy!" She grits her teeth. From there she unpinned her badge from her pink panties and attempts to pin it to her white G-string. Struggling while losing patience with her long fingernails in the way she danced in step, "HELP BABEE!"
"You expect me to pin your badge on?"
"Pin me."
"Seriously?"
"PIN ME!" She stomps her foot.
"For crying out loud." He kneels in front of her and swallows as his left-hand slips beneath her G-string. Careful not to prick his fingers or her pubic region he manages to clip the pin under its hook. Removing his hand from inside her G-string he found his knuckles damp. A swift rub on his pant leg remedied that.
"Looks crooked." He groans.
"DONNYYYYY!" She shoves things on his desk aside and sits up on it leaning back on her palms, "I can't look lopsided. It's unprofessional."
"And everything about this whole ordeal isn't? Good grief Calliope."
Knees fanning wide she lures him in for a second attempt. Knuckles moistened once again they rubbed along her narrow pussy lips as he managed to get the badge centered. Once said and done only the very bottom of her white G-string could be seen as if an arrow pointing at her vagina. The rest of her thong was pure badge. Donny tried not to think just how fucking sexy that was. As he stood there between her legs her right foot caressed his crotch.
"Knock it off."
"Only letting you know I'm ready for my foot rub."
"Not going there!"
She lifts both of her feet up with a pouty face, "Tenderize me, Donny. I'm going to need all the help I can get before I put on my slit kickers." Stilettos! A white set also within the large box.
"I'm certain there will be plenty of volunteers."
"Ooooo! Babee never thought of that."
"Sure, you didn't." He eyes his watch, "Ten minutes before you meet Cartucci's defense team. Put the shoes on and let's get to the Inquiry."
"Do I gotta? We both know his lawyers are going to say I goaded him toward sex with me."
"You punched his lights out."
"Right! Assault charges brought against Babee."
"He doesn't stand a chance in Hell. Just suck it up."
"Don't tempt me, Donny." She wiggles with her legs, still wide. Her tiny bit of white cloth beneath her badge was stained from wetness.
"Get the fuck off my desk and get your shoes on."
"Help me?" She lifts the white heels from the box. She giggled once she realized that the toes had gold letters on them. Right heel the letter D, the left shoe emblazoned with the letter P. DP!
Snarling Bettinger noticed those for himself and carefully put the slippers on Skinderella. Kicking at him playfully she giggled, "Lethal Whuppin'!"
"Don't stab me with those bastards." He extends a hand to lift her off his desk. Accepting it she stood up and teetered a bit, now three inches taller than Bettinger. Her chest crushed against his chin as he caught her fall. "You did that on purpose."
"Yay! You're taking me to Sea World to see the Porpoise?" Defeated he escapes her cushy collision. As Babee gets used to her step she paces around his desk. As she practiced Bettinger looked inside her package, "Perfume bottle in here too."
"Really?" She hovers next to him, "Holy Mosley! It's a bottle of Pretty Larceny. This stuff can only be bought in Paris France for like two thousand bucks a bottle. The pheromones in a single shot of this can cause a riot."
Taken back he makes a mental note to locate purchasers of this particular perfume in the States. Somebody obviously had it in stock for this Gabriel to obtain. Calliope considered the same thing and winks her communication toward him. He winked back. Anything was better than nothing when it came to leads.
"Stand back or Allison will think we have a thing going." Calliope spritzed a tiny bit of perfume behind each ear. Riot and Stampede! The merest fragrance and Donald Bettinger had to take his seat to hide a raging hard on. Smiling as if entranced Calliope sighs thinking to herself, "I love this pampering." Her expression noted she quickly changed to a glint of sadness, "Sowwy Donny! I know you're already stressed over explaining things to Allison."
"I can't tell her that I had sex with you Calliope. Even if I had no choice. She will be devastated."
"Everyone will back you up Donny. They had a part in this too."
"Not helping! We better get to that Inquiry."
"Following the Leader." She salutes playfully as he gets up and starts for the door. His hard on would be concealed by a file, that was the best he could do. Calliope merely giggled and pranced behind him. No matter where she went eyes were glued. Her perfume only sent guys to the rest room to fix their erections. Eyes were not the only things glued today.
********
Twenty-five minutes prior!
"How could you put me on hold for over an hour? I was shot at." Delores Day cried over her cell to her mate Commissioner Mercedes Meade on the other end. Allowing her space, barely appointed detectives Burgundy Jones and Luis Santos stepped from her back porch into the yard. Santos taking the lead points at the splintered fence post that once held a flowerpot on a hook. As he inspected the debris Burgundy moved about the garden mentally tracing the shots trajectory.
"Found a bullet casing. I'll dig it out and bag it." He began using a pocketknife careful not to scratch it.
"Only place high enough to clear the rooftops of these houses is that water tower." She pointed a gleaming silver tank on stilts out in the distance. It stood tall at least a block and a half away, "Let's check it out."
Abandoning Delores strategically they headed out a side gate into the front yard. Hoofing it on the sidewalk they reach the towers shared public park that seemed lifeless today. No kids! No adults shooting hoops! Ghost Park, Luis thought. That at least made their job easier not having to direct citizens.
"Flip a bird to see who climbs that bad boy?" Burgundy sized up the base of the tower.
"Only birds perch that high up. I'm afraid of heights but I'll catch you if you fall."
"Not for you. Don't get your hopes up." She narrows her eyes at him. She still hadn't got past the fact her partner Luis fucked her halfway against her wishes at roll call. Their asshole enemy Gabriel forced the issue. Luis made it clear to her of the possibility that harm could come to Burgundy's aunt via Gabriel's threat. She knew he did the right thing, but also knew he had long fantasized over her. To him it was a win, win situation.
"Did I bring it up us having sex? At least not out loud." He offered a queer expression then lowers his gaze to his crotch. In doing so Burgundy unintentionally looked realizing the tent boasting his erection.
"Dammit, Luis!" Charging away from him fuming she moved to the welded ladder going up the side which was still lowered slightly. Sizing up the distance of being able to climb to reach the ladder, it was then she heard Luis point something out.
"You see what I see?"
"You better not be looking at my ass."
"That was three seconds ago. Look up. I see a piece of cloth dangling from metal."
Squinting against the sun she shadows her eyes with her left hand, "Dang Luis. 20/20 much?"
"I have a good eye for..."
"Uh-huh! Eyes up before I punch you." She knew he was staring at her ass again.
"Sorry, I can't help it." He whines as she rubs her palms together. Standing directly below the first welded step she shakes her head. No way was she going to jump high enough to reach it. Before she can say anything Luis bends down and ducks his head between her legs and lifts her up. She yelped at his sudden burst of inspiration. Raising her into the air she plants her palms on the tower's shell.
"I need to get higher."
"Stand up on my shoulders. I'll steady you."
Groaning she tries to gain leverage using her heels on his chest and palming the tower itself. Alas, to no avail! Without warning Luis grabs her hips and whirls her around. She understood the reasoning but hated the position. Her crotch was now smothering his face.
"Now press your back against the tower." She heard him advise through muffled voice, feeling his mumbling lips roll over her labia. No underwear beneath made it that much more sensitive.
"Luis if I feel you inhaling my snatch, I'm going to kick you in the balls when I get down."
She reaches back as he encourages her to inch her weight up along the warm metal hull of the tower. Each inch scaled he uses his own hands and strength to prod her ever higher. Once her feet are on his shoulders, she stretches the final few inches to grip the iron step. Her inner strength pulled herself up until she could continue her journey. Out of sight of Luis she dared to grin. It was pretty damned funny, but it worked.
Step after step she climbed until reaching the ring of gridiron ledge gifting a walkway around the tower's circumference. Careful not to look down she made her way crawling toward the fluttering piece of camouflaged cloth. Reaching it she reaches into her shirt pocket for a rubber glove. Using it to protect any trace of DNA. It was easy to see blood on it. Curling it up she peels her glove over it as protection hoping that in itself would not contaminate it. She didn't think to bring a baggy.
Refusing to look down Burgundy calls out, "I got the cloth. Let's hope we make a good first impression on our first day as detectives."
Hearing her he replies, "Right! Don't fall. The impression would be bad." He looks at the grass and cringes. She rolled her eyes knowing exactly what he meant. Easing her way back to the ladder she gets her handhold and feet in place to head down.
"Make sure you do catch me if I fall." She becomes jittery.
"I'm afraid to touch you now. Quit sending me mixed signals."
"Ugggh! Why you Jones? Why you?" At halfway down she hears people talking. Stopping to glance down she spots Luis and three young men conversing. All had their cellphones out. Rolling her eyes at the first thought she had, another impression. "I better not see this on Facebook." Looking down again after two more steps Luis shows her his cell screen. The three young men also shared their mini monitors.
"We have our Shooter." Luis beams up at her showing pictures the boys had taken of the Sniper.
"After all I just did? I fucking hate you, Santos."
The boys laughed with Luis. At the bottom step she launches herself off into his arms. Catching her in midair her chest crushed into his, eyes meeting. At first bright and joyous then cold and hard.
"You think we're on Dancing with the Stars or what?"
"Nope! Dancing with the Stairs." Ladder!
Even she decided to laugh.
********
Back at the 3rd. Precinct! It was about to get awkward!
"Alright, Gentlemen if I may have your attention. Before we get started let me clear something up."
"Where is Officer Cruz, Captain?"
"Let me finish, Mister Pozer. This is for both you and assistant D.A. Belcher. As you are aware if you kept up with the News my newly appointed Detective Calliope..."
Pozer chuckles, "Pornstar? That's rich."
"Keep your crude comments to yourself Julian. Please continue, Captain Bettinger." Prompted Assistant DA Norman Belcher, a fit man in his mid-thirties.
"Thank you, Norman. As you both are quite aware this city is under siege by a bomber named Gabriel. His demands are being upheld until we get a good grasp as to his identity. The mayor approved of this..."
"Until the Governor nixes it." Pozer frowns.
"If he does, we abide and hope we all see the light of day. Until that time Detective P... Cruz..." He catches his error, "...will do what is required. That means as you know her attire. Her entire disposition maintained as threatened. The recent florist bombing made his point clear to all of us. Therefore, I ask you both to not judge my detective harshly over what she's voluntarily doing to save innocent lives. If I have my way the woman will get a medal for this."
"For her ability to satisfy men?" Pozer shakes his head with a withheld laugh. "That doesn't sound like a reliable detective to me. This only helps my client's case."
"Another word about my best detective, I'll risk my job and give you a black eye. Got me Pozer?" Tape recorder on Julien simply smiles. Donald Bettinger wasn't even worried, everyone including judges in the city hated this weasel.
Just outside the door the sound of giggling crossed their path like an echo, "Pozer? Try Hoser."
Reacting Julian Pozer waves his arm wide toward the door, "Do join us Ms. Cruz. Or should I refer to you as Ms. Ramirez?"
"Babee is fine. Yes, I am." She pushed her way in and leans against the door jam with a seductive impression, "Babee is here in case enquiring minds want to know."
Pozer ignores her allure with antagonism, "I smelled that crappy perfume a mile away." He still fought a hard on, as did the assistant District Attorney.
"Pretty Larceny is not crappy. Check your armpits Meanie."
"Can we get on with this farce?"
"Have a seat, Detective Cruz." Donny waves her in.
She attempted to sit in his lap until he gruffly points to a seat next to him. With a pouty face Calliope took the hint seating herself. "I'm not sitting in his lap." A sneer and a tongue razz let Julien Pozer know her distaste for him.
"Unbelievable. This woman made Detective?" Pozer grunts, "She must have fucked her way through the Academy." Donny once again palmed Calliope's mouth so she didn't repeat her earlier admission of antics at the Police Academy.
"That's enough Julian. Ask your questions and get this over with. Without being snide."
"Gotcha." Pozer grumbles toward Belcher, "Ms. Cruz?"
"Babee." She smiles nibbling her lower lip.
"Ms. Babee, footage of your arrest of my client Renaldo Cartucci goes beyond Undercover protocol. How do you explain seducing my client and calling it routine police work?"
"I did what was necessary to give our team the time needed to rescue sixteen young girls."
"That you allegedly tie to my client?"
"Of course! He rented the warehouse and loading dock the girls were found in."
"Renting a warehouse and enslaving young women are two different things. My client suggests that one of his hired helpers was purposing illegal operations behind his back. If anyone had opened the other trucks in the dock, they might have found the legal goods belonging to my client. Of all things sporting equipment."
"Yay! A racket for a Racketeer."
Assistant DA Belcher smirked at her jest. He had a hard time not staring at her heaving bosom, Calliope was breathtaking. Finally, professionalism won over and he looked at his documents. Her tapping nails continually lured him back in. A tie was adjusted numerous times.
"We did acquire a laptop that showed a money transfer to the Cayman's." Bettinger points out.
"Yes. For sporting goods. My client was preparing to retire and leave his business to his sister."
"Sporting goods for sporting woods?" Babee simply stared wide-eyed without blinking.
"At any rate. The footage I viewed appeared that you were leading my client on. Giggling and tempting him until he took it upon himself to enjoy you."
"With a hunting knife?"
"Not once did I witness you begging him to stop. Even when he himself removed his clothing."
"Nose means no." She poses a brow with a stern look, still without a single blink.
Pozer nods feeling in charge, "A broken nose at that. Surgery will be required."
"Ooooo! Can I play nurse? I have a big thermometer I can shove up his butt."
Bettinger grabs her hand to prevent her annoying nails tapping nervously on the table, "No you cannot play nurse. How do you not break a nail?"
"Well, I use a special polymer made from Gorilla glue and... monkey business." She looks to her lap mischievously as if to imply her juiciness as that added texture. The DA halted her story before she could go any further.
"Finish this up Mr. Pozer."
"There were two other Undercover Operatives were there not?"
Before Bettinger can make any excuses a knock on the door leads to a cautiously ducking head peering in. Burgundy Jones motions the captain out before he could invite her in for her own testimonial. Excusing himself Donald stood up, stepped away, and closed the door behind him.
"About time you two got back. What did you find out?"
"Turned ballistics in. We also found the Sniper's nest. A piece of bloody cloth was left behind. It's with Forensics to analyze and identify the blood." She whispers.
"Good work. Even if we both know that sniper was not this Gabriel, we can track the actual shooter to get an idea who Gabriel might really be. Great first impression Jones. Where's Santos?"
"Bathroom stall."
"At a time like...?" She shows him the motion of a hand job, "Like I said at a time like this?"
"Let's just say he and I agree to disagree. Mostly me!"
"Wonderful! Let's get back in there before Cruz hops up on the table to strip."
"That would be amusing."
"NOT!"
Entering the two discover Babee sitting in the Assistant D.A.'s lap toying with his tie, "So, I make certain that I apply lots of hard undercoating before I paint my nails."
"Get off the District Attorney's lap." Bettinger growled as Pozer shook his head in disbelief.
"My case just gets easier and easier. Have a seat, Ms. Jones. Glad you could make it."
Babee points at Pozer, "His lap is vacant."
Burgundy sneered at her friend with a stare that could kill. The Inquiry would go on for an extended hour. Santos would join them. Babee would point at Bettinger saying, "Only lap left."
The Assistant DA would praise Babee for her attention to detail. Absorbing every emotion, every succulent word, every acted-out reaction. Burgundy would hold her head in her hands. Bettinger kept his eyes closed and pictured Aruba. Luis? Cheesy grin and lots of agreeable nods.
Pozer had a strong case. Not airtight but strong. His client would be pleased.
"OH! Did you all see my shiny new badge? It's my Panty Shield."
Inspected thoroughly the A.D.A. thanked Babee for her service with a pat to her badge. Beneath the table out of sight, of course. Norman Belcher was known for his affinity toward the Miami strip clubs. This was the next best thing to being there. Pozer dared to take a cell pic of it to add to his case, also under the table. Bettinger plopped his head into his arms on realizing Burgundy Jones had the right idea.
"Naptime." Babee casts her thumb at her Captain and friend then places that thumb in her mouth sucking on it.
Reaching over to caress her badge one last time A.D.A. Belcher mutters, "That badge really is shiny." She widened her thighs and nodded rapidly, continuing to suck her thumb, her middle finger of the same hand pointed at Pozer.
"I believe I've heard and seen enough." Julien Pozer stood up and used his briefcase to mask his tented erection, "Good day gentlemen and Porn Stars. I will see you all in court."
Luis grinned at her seductive suckling and leaped up from his chair, "I need to use the restroom again." Belcher sat with Babee another ten minutes and exhaled on her badge to shine it up. Burgundy Jones had to drag her partner away kicking and screaming. Sadly, Luis occupied the bathroom stall right next to Julien Pozer. The grunting sounded ferocious. Bettinger entering to splash cool water on his face heard both men and closed his eyes. Gabriel? Listening in over the surveillance cameras in the closed conference room had a good maniacal laugh.
"Aruba does sound better and better."
Until Donald Bettinger realized the word RUB was within ArubA.