I watched sadly as he leaned over and gave me a chaste kiss on the lips "not tonight babe, too tired" he smiled as he turned his back on me again.
I lay back with tears in my eyes. While I knew he wasn't rejecting me, I guess I should have thought things through when I married a man I loved who was nearly 20 years older than me. That was ten years ago and what ever passion had been had in our bed was now a distant memory. Once a month (and lucky if it went for a minute or two) was a good as it got now and I was turning into a woman possessed.
Frustration couldn't begin to describe the intensity of my longing.
Take today for example. From the second my eyes opened I was thinking of it. Big hard thick cocks, willing tongues and teasing fingers. I guess the lack of sex had turned my regular fantasies into something dark, something powerful and exciting. The constant knock backs had developed in me a need to be wanted. I had found myself needing to know that I was desired.
Several months ago at the bus stop I found myself getting wetter by the second as I saw a guys cock stiffen in his jeans at the sight of my "accidentally undone" top three buttons of my shirt. I knew my tits were great. Big and firm they erupted enticingly from my bra and I gave him ample opportunity to look at them, leaning over to my bag several times.The power I felt, knowing I could have him if I wanted left me on a high for days.
Then I started leaving the house with out panties. I shaved my lips smooth and left the house, pussy already dripping as I thought about exposing myself. Could I do it? The first time I walked round the supermarket and chose him. Standing only a few steps from me I leaned into the freezer knowing my already short skirt had now risen high enough to expose my ass cheeks and the moist slit of my cunt. Staying there exposed as long as I could I turned and watched him tear his eyes up to meet mine. They were filled with lust, desire for me and I smiled, almost as satisfied as if he had just thrust the bulge that filled his jeans into my starving pussy.
My actions grew more daring, parted legs on the bus to work, sun baking naked in the garden when I could hear my neighbor pruning the shrubs that separated or gardens or mowing the lawn. Letting my towel to slip as I opened the door to tradesmen or expected male visitors. Never taking it further but needing to know they wanted to fuck me.
Then this last few weeks I had taken to masturbating where I knew I could be caught. In the park, in the secluded corner of a book store and with the lights on, knowing my neighbor could see in through the light net curtains hung at the window. Just knowing he was watching and perhaps joining me in chasing pleasure was enough to have my cunt gripping my fingers in long hard spasms and me crying out with release.
No matter what I did during the day I found myself thinking of a licking sucking mouth between my legs, or a huge cock filling me, my cunt, my mouth and even my ass.
Sometimes it was attractive men and women that I knew, sometimes good looking strangers passing on the street and at other times, even though I felt filled with disgust after it would be people I would never fuck in real life, old people, dirty street people, drunks, even a nun I passed once out the front of a church. As I fingered my dripping hole later that day it was her between my legs thrusting the long end of a crucifix between them lapping at my throbbing clit as she did so. I was starting to worry about myself, where was this obsession going to end?
Turning over I listened to the soft snores my husband made and tried to put myself to sleep. As usual sex dominated my dreams.
This time I was in control, denying another his pleasure. A fit young body lay tied to my bed. An eight inch cock jutting up defiantly towards me. Standing legs spread over his lust filled face I circled my clit with the fingers of one hand while the other held my smooth lips wide open, exposing myself to him. Thrusting two fingers into my tight heat every now and then made him groan with frustration. I knew I had him tied here for hours.
Never letting him touch me unless it was a touch I needed for yet another gasping orgasm. His poor cock was engorged and desperate for release. Almost strangled by a leather cock ring it was nearly purple and twitched and throbbed as I teased it over and over. Sitting on his face and riding him, cumming again with the attentions of his never tiring tongue I skilfully teased him with mine. His cum filled balls slipped easily into my mouth as I tongued them and sucked on them gently. The tip of my tongue flicked butterfly kisses up the length of him, delving into the groove that connected the pre cum covered head with the rigid shaft. He thrust up desperately trying to get his cock into my warm wet mouth, begging me to suck him I cruelly turned away yet again.
Lining the head of his cock up with my wet slit I used his cock to masturbate myself to orgasm. Rubbing the head furiously over my aching clit I felt the waves of pleasure begin. Only allowing the first two inches of his cock into me I came on him as he desperately tried to thrust the whole length of him inside me as I laughed and denied him again.
I sat up with a start, my cunt still contracting as my orgasm subsided. I couldn't believe it, I had cum alone and in my sleep!
As my husband stirred from his slumber I sat there with my own arms around me sobbing quietly in frustration at the unfairness of it all. What should have been a satisfying moment of pleasure was instead a cruel reminder of my unfulfilled desires.
As he took me in his arms and gazed questioningly into my eyes I found myself screaming at him. Months of built up frustration exploded as I explained I felt I was losing my mind The next few days were tense and I knew he was trying to make peace when he showered me with gifts of expensive lingerie and took me to dinner. The conversation covered everything except my unhappiness so I was surprised when he broached the subject at the end of the meal with a proposal he felt might rectify the situation.
He looked so sad when he told me all he wanted was my happiness and had decided that to keep our marriage strong he would give me permission to take a lover. The only condition was it had to be a new lover every time and if it could be arranged he would like to watch!
He handed me a pass to a private club and explained it was for couples who liked to swing and asked me if I was open to it.
What could I say? Here was the chance to have it all, to fulfill my carnal desires and darkest fantasies and to keep the man I loved.
He instructed me to go to the ladies room and remove my panties before we left and let me tell you by the time I returned to the table my freshly shaved pussy was dripping in anticipation!
The club was located in a inconspicuous terrace house but once we entered the doors and gave our passes to the hostess it was obvious that this wasn't just someones home. The lighting was subdued and the lounge was full of mingling "guests".
It was explained as we were shown through the house that different rooms were for different activities. One the "party" room was filled with a custom bed, easily the size of five or six king sized beds it was for group sex. chairs and lounges along the edge were provided for those whose tastes ran to just watching.
A spa room was available built to hold about six horny couples.
A plastic lined room for those who enjoyed the slippery delights of oil. A dark and sinister looking dungeon for lovers of b&d complete with a rack and suspension gear and a huge selection of whips, gags, restraints and toys.
A room set up with recording equipment for those who wished to take home a souvenir of their erotic playtime.
We returned to the lounge slightly shaken but eager to find a playmate. Ordering a stiff drink at the bar to calm my nerves I surveyed our fellow guests. Mostly young, between 20 and 40. Mostly fit and attractive. All there for the same thing as me...to fuck and be fucked, to chase the pleasure of each others willing bodies.
When he approached me with his wife I knew that tonight more than one of my secret fantasies were about to come true.
She was the opposite of me, very tall slender and dark in contrast to my average hight slim but curvy fair body. Short cropped hair in contrast to my waist length blond. It was her eyes that got me, dark brown and filled with lust, my pussy spasmed in recognition of the fact that she wanted me.
He too was attractive, brown hair and a fit muscular body but it was the enticing bulge in his tight jeans that turned me on.
Looking to my husband for his approval I was relieved to see him smile and nod, a rarely seen glint of sexual excitement in his eyes.
They were experienced at this and when my husband told them he wanted to watch them spoil me they led us to the "party" room and we found we were the first couples in there.
I trembled as two pairs of hands stripped me of my clothes, leaving me standing there in a black suspender belt, stockings and bra. I groaned as two mouths kissed and licked there way over me, exploring my body and my legs almost buckled as I gave myself over to the exquisite sensations.
They guided me to the bed and as my husband sat back in one of the chairs they proceeded to thrill me with their touch
As I lay there on the bed totally consumed by desire, I was tempted to just close my eyes and enjoy but instead I was drawn to my husbands. Holding his gaze I surrendered to the pleasure they lavished on me. I felt light kisses down my neck that sent shivers through me. Working together as one the moved together inch by inch down my body.
As they reached my breasts I moaned and arched my back towards them, the sensation of having both my hard nipples sucked into two warm wet mouths at the same time was exquisite.
I watched my husbands hand start to rub at the thickening cock between his legs and was surprised when he removed it and took it in his hand squeezing it softly as he enjoyed my pleasure.
They worked their way across my belly now, two teasing tongues snaking slowly towards my soaking wet cunt.
As they reached my mound they both stopped with out a word and started again at my stocking clad feet. I groaned, frustrated but then I felt them through the sheer fabric, sucking my toes, licking my flesh working up towards my cunt again so very slowly. Every second they kissed my body was sweet torture for me.
I whimpered softly begging them now, needing release but feeling their pace slow further, I knew it was hopeless, I would cum only when they let me.
My moans and writhing body had my husband harder than I had seen him in years, he watched enthralled, his hand around his prick squeezing it every now and then, holding back, wanting to last the distance. It was then I noticed a movement at the other side of the room. A couple in the corner, her on her knees with his cock in her sucking mouth and he meeting my eyes, enjoying my pleasure.
It was like an electric shock through me, I loved being a slut on show, loved this stranger getting off at the sight of me spread wide open on the bed, being licked and sucked by another strange couple, and all the time my husband watching me.
Laying with their heads on my trembling thighs they licked my smooth lips tasting me, drinking the wetness that ran from my aching cunt. As her tongue reached out and flicked over my clit he plunged his like a little cock into my hole and triggered the most intense release within me. I bucked up hard crying out, grinding against them. My pussy spasmed over and over as my body twitched completely out of my control. His fingers replaced his tongue and he fucked me with them hard as she came back up and traced my lips with her tongue, letting me taste myself upon them.
I thrust my hips up to meet his plunging fingers. I needed more, much more and begged him to fuck me. I needed thick hard cock , I needed to be stretched wide, needed to be filled completely and I told him so.
My gaze was drawn back to my husband as I heard him moan at my words, desperately clutching at his cock to stop himself from cumming.
As I turned back, she replaced his fingers with hers, still sliding them deeply into me,rubbing at my G spot as he teased the head of his cock over my lips. I sucked him into my mouth with pleasure loving the way I could barely take him, I knew that when he finally fucked me I would be satisfied for the first time in years.
The couple in the corner joined us on the bed. My husband walked over and sat close by my head, lifting it from the mattress he placed it on his lap, inches from the hard cock he still gripped in his hand.
The thick prick was removed from my mouth and I finally allowed my eyes to close. Hand everywhere, touching ,teasing, exploring. Mouths licking, sucking all over me. I no longer cared what belonged to who. All I knew was that my body and mind were on fire, so heightened was the state I found myself in every touch was like an electric shock. My whole body was stimulated, my mind confused but gaining focus on my one objective. Words filled my ears "fuck the slut, " "look at her moaning like a dog on heat" " give it to the little whore" every word increased my excitement and as I felt a cock..and cared not who it belonged to, plunge deep inside me. I screamed and shuddered as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through me, my body took over and I met his thrusts barely keeping up with the other sensations, lips on mine, a breast suckled, my clit rubbed and a finger up my ass. It felt like hours as my cunt spasmed around the thick intrusion and I opened my eyes to find everyone looking down at me smiling as my husband released his load covering my face with it.
I was truly satisfied.
Things have become different at home, much of the week is spent in shared fantasies with my husband. We masturbate often to the thoughts of what erotic delights the next weekend will bring. Nothing turns him on more than not letting himself cum until he can slide his cock into my already cum filled pussy after he has watched another man fill it. I have leaned not to keep my desires hidden but rather share them with the man I love. I am no longer in desperate need of sexual satisfaction, rather a fulfilled woman with a naughty little secret!