Hey there
Hey there, first I'd like to recommend reading at least the first portion of my first story titled "An introduction and a story" to get an idea about us and what we're into. Enjoy!
If you've read my first attempt at writing a story about our true adventures, you would have concluded that I have an extreme fetish or kink for exposing my wife. Strangers are pretty damn exiting but even more so if it's a personal friend. That just adds a new level of dangerous sexiness. The idea that a close friend who knows us for years is seeing my wife naked is just an intoxicating feeling. It's great for Jessica as well, she really gets off friends lusting for her body. Plus it's just wrong!!
This is a story about my long time friend Dom. Dom and I have known each other most of our lives. In passing when we were young, and very close since about 19 or 20. We've hung out with each other's wives and families ever since and even worked at the same job for a while.
Dom is one of the only "vanilla" friends we have that knows we are active swingers. So it wasn't really a surprise to him when I revealed this kink of ours during a normal hangout over some whiskey. There were a few occasions following that hangout that I shared some risky pictures of Jessica. He was very excited to say the least! He's known her forever! He was at our wedding and we've gone on vacations together!
He used to particularly love bent over pics of her naked ass, with that view of her pussy from behind. I don't blame him! It's a glorious sight. Seeing it in person however, that's a very different kind of naughty. It was also something I could not get out of my head. How would I make this happen?
Then the opportunity arose. Funny how when you put your mind to something, anything is possible! Dreams do come true. It was a summer night. Dom had come over to hang outside on our back porch. We have a nice set up out there. Dom brought some beers, I provided the whiskey. It was the usual bullshit session, talking about the old days, music and just life in general.
While we were throwing some back, I turn around and realized with the lights on in the house, and dark outside, you could clearly see everything going on in there. Jessica was doing her usual housework, putting the kids to bed and trying to let the boys outside do their thing. But it gave me an idea.
I pointed it out to Dom just so he would pay a little more attention to what was going on behind me. I began to text Jessica. You're probably getting an idea of where this is going! Jessica was wearing a black tube top dress that flared out at the waste. So obviously no bra. One thing about my wife is she's always made up and looking sexy, no matter if it's housework or a night out.
It's funny, I know she likes this stuff as much as me, well maybe not as much..but close, but she still likes to resist a bit and give me a hard time..I think she enjoys the back and forth. So I asked her after the kiddos were locked away in their room to start being a little more revealing. She fought me a bit, but I'm very persuasive. Plus she knows she'll eventually give in. If only for the great sex we always have afterwards.
During our conversation, I noticed Dom's eyes looking past me now and then. I turned to take a look and noticed her tube top was slightly lower than it was before. So basically right above the nipples. Very revealing with some nice cleavage. We enjoyed watching her feign "sweeping the floor". I really wanted her to get those amazing tits out so we could watch them jiggle around while she worked but she began to ignore my texts! I was going to have to up my game, or as she calls it, being "really annoying".
I could tell Dom was down for some fun, we were feeling a little tipsy so I went in to bother Jess. I grabbed some shot glasses and propositioned her to come out and do a shot. She agreed! So we're sitting at the patio table, Dom is across from me and Jessica is on the end seat between us to our left. We did some shots and started having a good time chatting. I could tell my wife was loosening up and getting a little flirty.
Now was my chance.
Jess knows it's very dangerous to wear a tube top around me, they're just too easy to pull down. That's exactly what I did. I reached over, grabbed the top of her dress and released the kraken! Or Krakens? Either way, they looked amazing. Dom almost spit out his beer as my wife yelled at me! I knew this wasn't a real scolding, just her way of acting innocent while I acted like a degenerate. She didn't fix the dress.
Now Dom saw in person the breasts with her hardening nipples that have been hiding under Jessica's shirt for the last 20 years. He didn't seem disappointed. She stayed like that for a while just chatting as if it was perfectly normal. I can't explain the effect this was having on me, it's such a turn on. At some point Jess got up to run inside for something, so she adjusted her dress and covered those puppies up, so disappointing.
When she came back out I complained that we were enjoying the show! She agreed she was having fun and pulled the top of her dress back down for us. I decided to escalate and helped her remove the rest of the dress down to the floor. She wasn't wearing panties! I swore she was before. What had she done when she went inside? Hmm. Our eyes were fixed on her naked shaved pussy. I can't imagine what went through Dom's head as he squirmed a bit and adjusted his pants. Mine were feeling slightly constricted as well.
Dom was half trying not to stare, half trying not to blink and miss an inch of her naked body while she was standing there. Keep in mind this is outside on my deck, it's mostly private but there are definitely neighbors that can see back there. Jess sat down like nothing had changed and continued with the drinks and conversation. It was not so easy for Dom and I. I was losing my mind enjoying this moment with my friend. I couldn't stop thinking about what was going on in both of their minds. I suppose imagine seeing one of your oldest friends naked! Or revealing your nude body to someone you've known forever. Now all of us knew this was as far as this would go, neither of us would risk friendship to take it past the line we knew was there. But that didn't make it any less sexy or fun!
I snapped some pictures of Jess sitting there completely nude. The three of us toyed with the idea of taking a few pics of Dom standing next to Jess where she was sitting with his cock out, it would be right around face height with her. I could see a twinkle in Jess' eye when it came up. Because she knew something. This is going to sound made up, I've read a similar situation many times in different stories but this is completely true. It was well known to everyone that Dom had a 9 incher in his pants. The reputation followed him every where. It was true, I'd seen it a few times in the past, probably taking a drunken leak in a McDonald's parking lot, who knows.
Jess totally knew and I can tell she'd be interested to get a look at something she's heard about for years. It was like a legend! It wasn't meant to be however. I don't remember why we decided not to, maybe it would have been too far. We settled for a posed picture of them hugging, him clothed, her fully nude. It was pretty hot. And somehow just knowing Jess was wanting to see Dom's cock, and have it hanging there right near her face was enough for me to create all kinds of scenarios in my mind.
All of the sudden Dom had an idea, his brother, whom we all know well and hung out with many times had a crush on Jess. We never knew this information but it was hardly surprising. She's damn sexy. He asked if he could send that picture to his brother. We agreed. Dom was beyond excited that he just completely blew his brothers mind! Imagine receiving a picture like that!
Man I was turned on, she's just amazing. Just hanging out with my naked wife.
We all sat back down and continued drinking. My next bright idea hit me.
I helped Jess spread her legs and bent them up so both of her feet were on the seat of the chair. The chair was scooted back a bit from the table. So there was my wife, spread eagle, with her beautiful shaved pussy completely visible to both of us. Her labia open so there was no part of her hidden. She stayed that way with the most devilish smile on her face as we both couldn't take our eyes off her. What a sight this was. I decided I would give them both something interesting, I had to take a leak, I needed to run into the house, but with a catch. Jessica had to stay just like that while I was gone, completely spread open and visible to my friend.
Sometimes I do think I have a gift for this stuff!
I went inside and made sure to take a little extra time than I needed. I slowly and quietly cracked the bathroom window to peek and see if she was obeying my request. She was! Her legs were wide open for our friend to enjoy without having to wonder if he could really stare with me there.
As I spied on them I secretly wished Dom would reach out and feel her, or even better yet, taste her sweet pussy while I was away, quickly before I returned. He respected us and we respected him. So it's was not on the table. It was a nice dirty thought though.
There was one riskier moment still to come. I headed back outside and returned to my seat. Jess never moved an inch and was in the same position I left her in. There was a difference though. I noticed she was completely wet. Like dripping. I think my little stunt took it over the top and she was just totally turned on.
She rubbed her pussy a bit, then reached out and grabbed a half empty beer bottle. She rubbed the nozzle of the bottle up and down her soaked pussy before inserting it inside her. Fuck.
After a few amazing minutes she removed the bottle, winked at us and handed the bottle to Dom. He did what any sane man would, took a long sip of beer from the bottle. So he did get a little taste of her delicious pussy.
That's when the night came to an end.
Jess went inside for a bit. She returned not naked but in a shear black teddy type outfit. Still sexy as hell. Dom said his goodbyes and went on his way.
The sex we had after that was phenomenal, so were the memories.
The end.
Thanks for reading