It had been 20 years and I wanted to devour you...tear you to pieces and consume each individually. I wanted to savor who you were, what you were, and taste your very core. You managed to glide across the open space of the restaurant, giving the impression that you were somehow gliding, actually disrespecting gravity and all the trivial laws designed to keep those like you, unfairly, earthbound. As you approached the table, your smile was wide and your gait quickened. There was a greeting on your lips. Maybe...hello...long time no see...maybe I still love you. It didn't matter. Not really.
I had a handful of your hair. You resisted, naturally, but only long enough to adjust to my angle as I pulled your face closer to mine. You moaned through pursed lips as I pulled slightly harder and made you traverse the last few inches, and 2 decades that had separated us. Your mouth was mine, pressed against mine. your hair was mine, gripped tightly, trapping you, listening to myself stealing your breath as the sharp intake of longing disguised as respiration.
Barely conscious of the world, my free hand went to the sweet spot that separated ass from back and tried to pull you into me, acquiescing to all of the silent things best left unsaid because the future was never going to be real. What was going to be real was the taste of this woman's mouth in my mouth and the feel of hair in my hands that felt more natural than anything held before. Your mouth was wet and soft and it was all I could think about at the moment and the fact that at this moment there was only one...of us. I made the sacrifice of pulling you away so I could look into your eyes.
"I took the liberty of ordering..."
"Not hungry", you said breathlessly. "Not for that, anyway."
As we stood, seeming sealed at the mouth, the waiter approached.
"I see your guest has arrived, sir. Shall we..."
"Send it to the room? Yes."
"As you wish, sir. Madame."
Keeping my handful of hair, I led you before me to the elevator. Inside, I kissed you again, my hand still in your hair and the other firmly cupping your magnificent ass. As the door closed behind us, I pushed you against the wall and kissed you again. My hand moved from your ass to the front of your knee length skirt and then underneath to the sound of you gasping. The panties felt smooth, silken and damp. I could feel your clearly defined lips under my fingers and rubbed the material and the labia under. I heard you draw a sharp breath again and then it was my turn to gasp as your teeth found my neck.
"Bitch!"
"Yes, sir?"
My hand left your hair and went straight to your throat, bumping your head gently against the elevator wall. I felt you get even wetter as I increased the pressure on you throat. You were gasping for air now and the urge to kiss your helpless mouth was even greater than before. Instead, I squeezed.
"You...gonna...put...me ...out...right here...Mr. Bradford?" I eased my grip.
"Are you going to choke me out and fuck me right here? In the elevator?"
"You talk like a little whore."
"I talk like your little whore."
I took my fingers from your pussy and spread the wetness against you mouth, coating the lips generously with your fragrance. I kissed you again, licking your lips and kissing my way down to you throat. I sank my teeth into you, marking you...identifying you...owning you. The door opened and we spilled out into the hallway, nearly bouncing off the walls before I stopped us. I pushed you against the wall , kissed you again, then turned you and pushed you against the wall, face first.
I pulled down the zipper to your skirt. Your reaction was immediate.
"No...no...please wait..." You started to struggle but I pressed you against the wall harder. I pushed your skirt to the floor and rubbed my cock against your pantied ass. I moved your hair and bit into the back of your neck, remembering an old joke about hugging with the teeth. You were trying to make words, I think, but not doing very well. Most of your communicating was done with your hips, grinding back against me, seeking out contact with heated flesh. Pinning you against the wall, I began to pull on your blouse, hearing fabric rip and buttons pop.
"Wait...I can't...You're going to ruin..."
"Shut the fuck up...I already have."
I took the flesh of your neck between my teeth again, pulling slightly and yanked at your shirt until the black bra and nearly contained breasts were exposed to the air. Under the black material, the puffy nipples had become engorged and begged immediate release which I would not grant. I put my lips against your ear.
"Take off the panties and the skirt."
"What?" I felt every muscle in your body tighten immediately.
"The panties and the skirt. Right now."
"But, it's still kind of early. Someone could..."
I spun you around so you were facing me and grasped you firmly by the tender throat and slowly increased pressure.
"Someone could see...yes. Then you had better hurry. We wouldn't want some poor unsuspecting couple to find us like this in the hallway...and we have yet to even find the room."
"I can't do this. You know how I feel..."
"And that is why I'm giving you a choice. Everything is about choices, beloved. The choices we make and the choices we don't make. Which is to say...sometimes not making a choice is a valid choice. Here's the thing...we're just a few minutes away from the room. How long it takes us to get there, or if we go at all, is up to you." I squeezed your throat just a bit harder, enjoying your labored breathing. "Option number one is easy. You're going to take off every stitch of clothing. Then, you will lead me to the room. Option number two is even easier. I cut the clothes off you while I choke you out. Then, I leave you here to get fucked in the ass by strangers and passersby while I take pictures. Option number three is easiest of all. I take my hand away from your throat...and you walk away."
I released your throat, resting my hand at my side. You were still breathing heavily, through your mouth, your eyes blazing with either passion or anger. I was not sure which. I'd made you blush beofre, but not like this. Your hands trembled as I watched you remove the remnants of the blouse and drop it on the floor. Your hands came up to the bra and froze.
"This is a three hundred dollar bra."
"I'm happy to know you treat them well. You may hold it in your hand or drape it around your neck." You chose to drape. The nervousness was showing now, as you furtively looked around, anticipating a door or ten opening any second. You quickly finished unzipping the skirt, pushed it and the panties to the floor and stepped out of both. You leaned back against the wall and raised your arms over your breasts, looking the very portrait of uncertainty and you had never been more beautiful. Even the trembling of your voice struck a nerve within.
"Please...can we go to the room now? If someone comes out..."
"Of course...of course...where is it?"
"Where is what?"
"The room. You're supposed to be leading me to the room, darling. That was option one, remember?"
"I don't know...I don't know where the room is...please..."
"No...of course you don't. How could you? I never told you. You never asked. You just picked an option..."
I grabbed your throat again and pushed you back against the wall. My right hand wen to your pussy and I push three fingers into you as quickly as I can. You are soaked, your thighs went with your musk. I choke you, just a little bit, while I roughly finger fuck you and rub your clit. The liquid sounds race through my skull like an electric current along with the sight of your wide stretched eyes and silent scream. I was concerned, for a moment, that you might break those pretty nails from scratching the wall like that. Now, teeth clenched, you tried to speak.
"Someone...will...see..."
I kept finger fucking you, adding a third while still rubbing your clit. You were sweating and shivering and barely able to speak. Your hands left the wall and went to your own hair, and you seemed to be slightly pulling it with both hands.
"Of course someone will see, darling. It's not as if you seem to be in any hurry. Questions, challenges, explanations...all these things take time. Perhaps, if you set yourself to task..."
I kissed you quickly and took my hands away from you. You shivered a bit.
"Now...the room number is...468. But, please, don't break eye contact. I'm enjoying the look there far too much. You should do your best to keep eye contact at all times. We wouldn't want you to lose focus, would we? I'll watch the numbers. You watch me."
"Am I supposed to walk backwards the entire way?"
"I was wondering about that! I think that's an excellent idea!"
"You're an evil man. If someone see us..."
"Evil...good...it's all relative...a matter of perspective...depends on how you see things. Perspective is what's really really important. It's all relative, baby. Put your hands on a hot stove and three seconds can seem like three hours! Put your hands on a hot body...and three hours can seem like three seconds. It's all relative, girl"
"OK...I got it...keep eye contact...walk backwards...we can go now...I just don't want anyone ..."
"To see? You keep saying that. Why do you keep saying that? Am I supposed to care?" I spun you around and pushed you against the wall again. I reached around to rub your clit roughly, then gently slid a finger ito your ass with my other hand. I kissed around your ear and down to your neck.
"I don't even think you really care all that much about being seen, lover. I think it would bother you more to have to look at the whoever sees you. I think that's the real problem. As for me...I want them to see you. I want to see the amazement in a strange man's eyes if he comes upon us unexpectedly. I want to see the envy in some woman's eyes if she sees you. So, because I love you...I'll make it easy for you."
I reached down and grabbed the remnants of the blouse and tore off a strip. I tied the makeshift blindfold over your eyes. I spun you back around to face me, kissed that beautiful mouth again and grabbed both your nipples roughly.
"Backwards...down the hall...I'll keep hold of these so you don't have to worry about drifting...or seeing...or being seen...just walk...and hope that Uncle Joe and Aunt Minnie don't rush out for a late snack."