Continued from Katie and Paul Part 1...
We got off the train one stop after the old man. Paul checked me over to make sure my face wasn't showing any signs of what we'd been up to, but I had to use my skirt to wipe the old man's semen off my upper legs. My pussy was still a little damp, which was more noticeable when we exited the train and the fresh air breeze hit me.
The station was huge, with twenty platforms in all, and there were a lot of people about. There had always been shops above the platforms, but it had been extensively redeveloped with a lot of big-name shops opening up. All of the platforms had escalators leading to a ticket checkpoint, which then exited into the complex itself.
Paul decided he was getting hungry and wanted something to eat before starting our trek around the shops, and we found a pub that served breakfasts. We went in and ordered, and were told seats were available upstairs, and if we went up a waitress would bring our order up to us.
The stairs leading up were next to a large glass window making them easy to see for customers, but it also meant that anyone sitting by the window could see up the stairs, and also up skirts if they looked at the right angle. I found this out after hearing a very audible gasp as I walked up the stairs, from a middle aged couple who very nearly spat out there food while asking each other if I really wasn't wearing knickers.
We selected a table and only had to wait a few minutes before our order was bought for us. I may as well had been invisible to the blonde waitress who came with the food, she ignored me while very obviously flirting with Paul, bending over far more than was needed and showing Paul her ample cleavage due to having her top three buttons open on her uniform.
Paul thanked her, for bringing the food and not for the show, and she scowled at me when I asked for some ketchup. Paul laughed at me and said I was going green with jealousy.
"Your turn to put on a show?" I asked Paul.
"I'm not getting my cock out in here!" exclaimed Paul.
I slipped off my right shoe and reached my foot across under the table and lay it on his lap.
"Push your chair back a little so she can't miss your erection," I teased.
I started to massage his cock with my foot, moving back and forth while feeling it grow until it felt like it was going to burst out. I noticed the waitress returning with the ketchup, and moving my foot onto the chair, pushed it away from the table a little. She reached the table and set the ketchup down on Paul's side, even though he hadn't asked for it, and Paul thanked her again and glanced down at his own cock. This made her look, and she let out a gasp and bit her lip. She stood by the table for what seemed like forever, all the while staring at Paul's cock. Paul reached down and squeezed it through his shorts, which seem to bring her out of her daydream.
"Enjoy," she said.
"Oh I do," I answered, and smiled and winked at her.
We gave her enough time to move out of earshot then both started laughing.
"Oh boy," said Paul, "I see how you get turned on from people seeing you, and mine wasn't even out!"
We finished our meals and drinks and left the pub, and decided on a route that would circle us around the entire complex. We looked at a couple of shop windows but weren't interested enough to browse inside, then I noticed a shoe shop. It was a major brand that had opened one of its largest branches in the new complex. Before he could argue I grabbed Paul's hand and led him inside.
We looked around for the ladies' shoes and Paul moved away from me, looking at another section. A lady came over to me and said "If you need any help I'll be just over here. My name is Sarah, just call if you need me."
Sarah was a little older than me, probably early 30s. She had shocking almost-white hair and was curvier than me. I'm known for my breasts looking bigger than they are due to my small frame, but she was at least a 36D. I looked over at Paul and noticed him struggling to look at her face while she spoke to me. She walked away and her ass was just as round. I glanced at Paul and he was still staring. He noticed me looking at him and turned his gaze away from her.
"I don't mind you window shopping," I exclaimed, "If I were you, and single of course, I definitely would!"
She got to her starting vantage point of the shop, and turned directly to me, and smiled. We browsed around the aisles, and I noticed a pair of heels with an ankle strap fastening. I called Sarah back over to me and marveled at her breasts jiggling inside her blouse. Although very noticeable, my breasts are quite firm and I was a little jealous that mine didn't move and grab attention as much as hers did. I told Sarah what size I needed to try on, and she pointed me to some leather cubes that they used as seats to try on the shoes. I sat on the edge of one and waited for her to return. Paul said he was going to carry on looking in the meantime.
Sarah returned and I lifted a leg for her to place one of the shoes on me. There was a slight pause until she placed it on my foot, and she looked at me and winked. She picked up the other shoe but lifted my leg a little higher before fastening the strap. She gave a very quiet groan, just loud enough that I heard. I looked at her puzzled, then realised she could see up my skirt. I also realised I had no knickers on still. She had a very good view of my nakedness.
She still had a hand on my lower ankle with my leg raised, and looked up at me and smiled. She then noticed my puzzled look and dropped my foot.
"Sorry!" she exclaimed.
"It's not a problem," I answered, "It's not your fault I'm going commando. I'm sorry if I shocked you."
"I'm not shocked," she explained, "It's just the last thing I expected to see at work today."
I'd never intentionally shown myself to a woman before, but I was getting a strange buzz out of it. Sarah not seeming to mind made it more enticing too. I decided to carry on showing off to her. I pointed out a pair of thigh length boots and asked if I could try those on too, but asked if she could also bring the next size up to see which fit best. She smiled and said she'd return as soon as possible.
She wandered off to the storeroom and I noticed Paul had returned. I motioned to him to stay behind a nearby shoe rack so he could see what was going on, but he would be behind Sarah so she wouldn't notice him watching.
Sarah returned with the boots and noticing I had removed the other shoes, started to unzip the boots. The zips ran down the inside edge of the boots. She asked if I needed a hand putting these on too, and I said that would be better rather than me struggle.
She placed the first boot on my foot, then started to pull the rest up to my thighs. Of course, I had to raise my leg for her, and all the while she kept a constant gaze on my exposed pussy. She started to pull up the zip, paused when she got to my knee, and pushed my leg up further, and continued to push up the zip. My leg was that high I expected the whole shop could see up there, but nobody else was remotely interested in us.
As she got the zip fully fastened her hand grazed across my inner thigh. I shuddered and she almost dropped my leg. I bit my lip and told her I was sorry for jumping.
"No," she said, "I'm really sorry, my hand must have slipped, I didn't mean to touch you like that." She looked really apologetic.
"I didn't jump because I didn't like it," I explained, "I just didn't realise how nice your touch would feel. Now I'm used to it I won't jump the next time." I may as well have just asked her to finger me there and then, right in the middle of the shop.
"Thank you for not making a fuss," she replied, "But you do have really great legs."
"Well, you have fantastic breasts so we both have something to admire each other for."
She looked around to see if anyone was taking notice of us. Nobody was. Except for Paul of course, but he was out of her line of sight. I looked at him and he had the biggest grin ever on his face. He was also trying to hide his semi-erect penis.
"Do you really like them, they're not too big?" Sarah asked, "Yours look perfect."
"I do," I answered, "I sometimes wish mine were as big as yours. I like getting admiring glances but it's normally only when I have a tight top on."
Sarah glanced around and quickly undid her top two blouse buttons. I now had a very good view of her lacy white bra, and her cleavage was to die for. I gave a very low wolf whistle and she blushed.
She picked up my other leg and put that boot on, this time when she fastened the zip she left the palm of her hand on my thigh. This time I didn't flinch, and she left it there. I'd noticed she had on a wedding ring, and I could feel the cool of the metal on my very hot thigh. She glanced at my face and realising I wasn't going to stop her, inched her hand upwards. She paused once her hand was so close to my pussy, I almost fainted with anticipation.
She looked up at me and I nodded, knowing she wanted my approval to continue. She looked around to again, then pushed her hand up so her fingers snaked across my clit. I bit my lip again to suppress a groan, as she circled her middle finger sending surges through my body. She leaned forward a little and our nipples touched, albeit through the fabric. I knew if she continued I was going to very quickly come, and I knew there was no way of disguising it.
I put my legs back down and pushed her hand away. She looked like I was disappointed with her, but I told her her touch was so good I was close to coming so I'd had no choice.
She looked around and then said, "Did you want me to continue?"
I'd never been with another woman before but found myself telling her that not only did I want her to carry on, I wanted to return the favour.
"Are you in a rush at all?" she asked.
"No, in fact, I'm on a day trip so I have a lot of spare time."
"Wait here a little while, I have an idea," she exclaimed.
I told her to sort out the boots and the shoes as I wanted to buy them, and she said she'd get the till assistant to ring up the sale and to meet at the front of the shop in five minutes. I told her I would, and she scurried off.
Paul wandered back over, and I told him she had plans for me.
"I bet she does, I saw the way she was fingering you. Married too!"
Paul then explained that he'd loved to have taken photos, but had to keep changing to make it look like he was looking at shoes and not so obvious he was staring at his girlfriend being almost made to come right in the middle of the store.
We paid for the shoes and exited the shop, and waited for Sarah. She came out soon after, carrying a handbag. She saw me and smiled, then noticed Paul with me, her smile dropped as she approached us. I explained who Paul was and she looked disappointed and annoyed.
"So what plans did you have for me?" I asked.
"Well as you seemed to be enjoying yourself I was going to ask if you wanted to visit our local park. It has a very nice wooded area where you're not noticeable from the main park and walkways."
"How do you know that?" I asked with a cheeky grin on my face.
She held her hand up with the wedding ring on and explained she and her hubby liked to frequent it now and again, it was a turn-on for them to perform in public, but they'd only ever been over there together and not with anyone else. They'd only ever noticed one other couple there before, they were that turned on they hadn't noticed the other couple mutually masturbating until they'd finished.
"Well, we'd better go and see what it's like then," I said excitedly.
She looked at Paul and then back at me, and looked confused about what to do. I realised her dilemma.
"Have you never cheated on your hubby before?" I asked.
"Not with another man, no. He knows I fancy other women too, and as long as I tell him about it afterward he lets me do so. He'd hit the roof if another man had been inside me though," Sarah said.
"Well if you don't mind him being there I'm sure Paul will be happy just to watch us. Or at least look after himself. In fact, he'd probably be as happy as me to see you naked."
She looked at Paul and he nodded. "No touching unless you insist!" he said and laughed.
She nervously laughed back and then told us to follow her, it was only a few minutes walk away. We let her walk in front so we could both stare at her ass. I don't know who was more excited, me or Paul.
We got to the park and went through the entrance gates. Once inside the path split to go around the edge of the park. Turning left would take us down towards a children's play area, there was a big grassy area through the centre with a few benches and tables dotted about, making a good picnic area, but we took the path to the right which led to a heavily wooded area, normally used by dog walkers.
Sarah led us around the path and then into a small path cutting through the trees. It was quite narrow so we had to walk in single file now. It took us about a minute until we got to a small clearing. Sarah put down her handbag and reached inside, fishing out a rolled-up picnic blanket, which she opened out and spread across the floor. The floor wasn't grassy, but there were a few flowers and weeds which made it softer underfoot than it appeared.
Standing on the blanket Sarah very quickly undid her blouse buttons and reached behind and undid her bra. As she slipped it off she looked and Paul and I standing sheepishly gaping at her.
"Don't worry," she said, "Nobody can see us through the trees unless they follow the same path we came up."
She didn't hesitate and undid her skirt zip, and let that slip to the floor. I looked at Paul, and pulled off my T-shirt, and threw it by her handbag where she had been piling her clothing too. My skirt was easy to push down without undoing, and I pushed it until it also fell to the floor, and I stood there naked. Sarah had slipped off her knickers too, and she walked over to me. She put one hand right onto my breast and squeezed my nipple, the other went straight between my legs and found my clit. I shuddered at her touch but found myself wondering what to do.
"What would I like?" I thought to myself, "What do I enjoy Paul doing?"
I eased a little and lowered my head, taking one of Sarah's nipples into my mouth. They were very big, and I let my tongue swirl around each one in turn. I lightly bit on one and Sarah groaned, at the same time I lowered my hand down and started to rub her clit too. We stayed like this for a while until Sarah felt my body trembling more, and she stopped and lay me down on the blanket. She lay down next to me and moved me so that we were in a 69 position, with me on top.
She instantly moved her tongue to my clit, and I cried out in ecstasy. I put my arms on the floor behind her legs and used my elbows to pull her knees back so that her legs were spread right open. Her pussy opened up before me, and it looked so inviting. I'd never been with a woman before but had tasted my own juices when licking my dildo clean after a good session, or when cleaning Paul's cock after he'd been shagging me. I bent forward and my tongue found her clit, and I tried to follow both what she was doing, and what Paul did that I liked.
I must have done something right as Sarah was thrusting her arse up at me to get more friction. I looked up at one point and noticed Paul had kicked off his shorts now and was wanking his cock with long, slow, strokes. He was staring straight at Sarah's exposed pussy. I stopped licking Sarah long enough to ask her to swap, and we rolled over so she was on top. I went back to licking her clit and glanced up at Paul, and he'd changed his angle now so that his cock was pointing right at Sarah's arse. It must have been very inviting now she was in doggy position in front of him.
I decided to help him out and moved my hands up Sarah's thighs, and then pulled her arse cheeks apart. I hear him gasp and he quickened his strokes, but then slowed again like he was pacing himself. I fed a couple of fingers into Sarah's pussy, she was so wet they slid in very easily. I knew what I liked when Paul went down on me, so I removed my fingers and placed them at the entrance to Sarah's arse. She didn't resist so I pushed both fingers in, they went in easier than I expected. Sarah groaned at the same time as Paul did.
Sarah paused licking me just long enough to ask me not to stop, and then proceeded to do the same to me, first inserting one, then two, fingers into my arsehole, while putting the other two into my pussy. She waited for my arse to get used to it, then quickened her pace while still licking me. It didn't take long before my orgasm came over me, and I shook like mad. Her orgasm also arrived, her juices flowing into my mouth although judging by her convulsions it wasn't as strong as mine.
We rolled off each other and lay on the blanket. I looked up at Paul who still had his cock in his hand, but had stopped stroking it.
"Ah bless, he looks all miserable and left out," I said.
Sarah turned her head and looked at his cock, it was the first time she'd seen it and she looked impressed with his size.
"I'm surprised he hasn't come yet," I continued, "He was very turned on staring at your beautiful arse. At one point his cock must have only been about six inches away, I really thought he was going to come right on your arsehole."
I got on all fours and crawled by him, then knelt up and took his cock in my mouth. It didn't take long for him to be fully erect again, and I coated his cock with my saliva and his pre-cum. I took my mouth off him and beckoned Sarah over.
"Fancy giving me, or rather Paul, and hand?" I asked.
Sarah looked nervous but also hadn't been able to take her eyes off his cock. She moved over to us but made sure we knew she wasn't going to fuck him.
I knelt at Paul's side, and used my mouth to move up and down the side of his cock. Sarah knelt the other side of him, our tongues combined at the underside of his cock, and Paul groaned his approval. We continued to slide our mouths up simultaneously like we were wanking him with our mouths rather than our hands.
I stopped and grabbed Paul's cock. Sarah looked at me to see what I had in mind, and I fed Paul's cock into her mouth. She took all of his eight inches right to the base the first time. I was impressed! I could deepthroat Paul eventually, but if I tried to too quick I ended up gagging too much.
Sarah slid her mouth right to the head of Paul's cock so that it almost came out, then sunk back onto him again so that her nose was nestled in his fine trimmed pubic hair. I left her to it, and I don't know what made me do it, but I went behind her and started to rummage through her handbag. My hand found something interesting, and I pulled out a hairbrush.
It was a normal-looking hairbrush, except the handle was very thick, about five inches long, but had a silicone feel with lots of soft rubber bobbles on, for a better grip while using it. I looked back at Sarah and she was still deepthroating Paul. I maneuvered behind her and rubbed her pussy with my spare hand. She was still very wet. I took my other hand and rubbed the brush handle along her slit, coating it with her juices. She flinched but didn't stop. When I thought the handle was wet enough I inserted it into her pussy.
Sarah stopped momentarily, looked behind her, and pushed back onto the handle until she was right down to the brush part. She pulled forward again, at the same time taking Paul back into her mouth. I held the brush still while she worked up a rhythm, then releasing the brush I put one hand underneath her to play with her clit, and worked two fingers into her arse so she was completely plugged. I quickly timed pushing my fingers into her arse and she pushed back down onto the brush and rubbed her clit as fast as my fingers could go.
It didn't take long for Sarah to start to shake uncontrollably and has her orgasm ripped through her, this time it made her legs turn to jelly and she flopped to the floor. She did however beckon Paul over and squeezed her breasts together. Paul instantly knew what she wanted, and taking a step forward he took aim, started stroking furiously, and then let stream after stream of cum spray over her breasts. There was loads of it, I couldn't remember the last time Paul shot so much out.
We lay there spent for a little while until Sarah starting using her fingers to remove Paul's sperm from her tits, then licking her fingers to savour his taste. She grabbed the corner of the blanket and wiped herself down before standing up to get dressed. She told us to use the blanket to clean up too as she'd put it to be washed as soon as she got home. She reached into her bag and said she would have to rush back, her dinner break was almost over.
We got dressed and returned the way we'd come to get back to the complex. I asked if she and her hubby went over there much, and she explained that not as much as they liked, her hubby worked away a lot. She admitted she actually went over there more on her own, hubby knew she did but not how frequently.
"Have you ever been caught over there, apart from the couple when you were together?" I asked.
"Not really," she replied, "Although there was an incident once on one of the earliest visits I'd made on my own."
She explained that she had the idea of going over there alone during her dinner breaks. Has they had a communal space to leave their belongings she could answer why she had a picnic blanket by saying it was to sit on while eating. She'd been looking around the shops one day and had seen the hairbrush, and knew it would make a perfect replacement dildo. A dildo in her bag would take some explaining, nobody would bat an eyelid at a brush in her bag.
"So what was the incident?" I asked.
"Well, the same day I bought the hairbrush I couldn't stop feeling the handle and wondering what it would feel like inside me. I decided to visit the park that dinner time, I lay the blanket down as normal and got on all fours. I slid the handle into my pussy and was groaning so loud I wasn't sure if anyone could hear me from the path."
My heart was racing as I listened, I was imagining myself in Sarah's place.
"It was only the second time I'd been there on my own," she continued, "So I decided the best option was to face the corner of the blanket, and pulling it up I bit onto it to stifle my groans. I was there for about ten minutes I think, didn't change position at all, and had the best orgasm I'd had for weeks. I hadn't taken off my skirt, just pulled it right up around my waist and removed my knickers. when I finished and turned to put them back on I couldn't find them, and then I noticed four of five streams of semen on the corner of the blanket opposite to where I'd been biting."
"So someone had been there with you?" I asked excitedly.
"Well, I presume someone had followed me in and had wanked off behind me trying not to make a noise and interrupt me. Must have stolen my knickers as a trophy too," she said.
We'd got back to the shoe shop now, and Sarah kissed both of us on the cheek, thanked us for a lovely walk with a big grin on her face.
"Shall we go home," asked Paul, "I don't think I've got the energy to carry on shopping now...