Tanner knew his girlfriend would not like the news he was going to share, but he was committed to his plan. "Gabriela, I want to open up our relationship. I want to be able to get with other girls but stay with you," he stated.
Gabriela's face sunk to an expression of sorrow. "Oh no! Why? Are you not happy with me," she asked concerned.
"You know I like you, honey. This isn't about that. I just need room to express myself more, that's all," Tanner explained. The truth was Tanner wanted to open up the relationship ahead of his upcoming trip to a beach resort. He knew there would be plenty of women there that he wanted the freedom to get with, and an open relationship was his ticket to do so. Additionally, Gabriela had proven to be a very slow-moving girlfriend, sexually speaking. Despite being exclusive for the past six months, Tanner and she hadn't gotten behind kissing. His plan was after hearing how much action he got on this trip, Gabriela would feel threatened and start getting much more sexual with him. Once that was achieved, he would close the relationship back up.
They continued to discuss it, but Tanner eventually convinced Gabriela to agree. Despite her insistence on not going all the way, she was not a strong-willed girl. He wasn't worried about her finding any new boyfriends either. It had taken Tanner weeks of flirting to finally get Gabriela to agree on a date, and even then, her cheeks were as red as apples. It would take her months to build up the courage to approach another man or even talk with a guy who came up to her. The plan was perfect.
Tanner left for his beach resort vacation on Friday night and came back the following Thursday. The trip was a rousing success in terms of picking up ladies, for the most part. After unpacking and settling back home, he made plans to meet up with Gabriela. This is where his plan would come to fruition. He would inform her of his sexual conquest, and that would be the push she needed to jump his bone. They met up at a restaurant they frequented, and he found Gabriela waiting at a table where he had joined her.
"It's so good to see you again, Tanner. How was your trip," she asked.
"Way better than I could have hoped. Do you want to hear about it?" Tanner asked enthusiastically. Gabriela nodded, and he continued. "My second night there, I met this hot girl from Seattle..."
"I was really asking about the beaches and stuff, but sure. Go ahead and tell me about the hot girls...," Gabriela muttered.
"I bought her and her friends so many drinks that night, but it paid off. At the end of the night, she kissed me on the lips for like five seconds straight," Tanner bragged.
"That... sounds nice," Gabriela said meekly.
"You bet it was. It was too bad she had to leave with her brothers. I assume they were her brothers, considering how affectionate they were. But that was a home run and only on the second night of the trip."
Tanner could see, or convince himself he was seeing, Gabriela's jealousy boil inside her. It was time to close the deal by re-telling the story of his biggest score from the trip. "But she was nothing to the girl I got with on Tuesday. I think she was French or Thai or something. I'm not sure because we didn't do much talking if you know what I mean. Well, she did complain to me for two hours about her ex-boyfriend. They had only broken up about ten minutes before we met. But then we totally made out for like half a minute, and I even got my hands on her butt. So total victory," Tanner said with a big smile.
"How... did you get your black eye?" Gabriela asked, curious to ask about it since he had sat down.
"Oh, it was from her boyfriend. Yeah, they got back together after he punched me for touching his then-ex. I let him have her. She wasn't all that hot, I decided," he said with less of a smile.
"So, as you can see, I've been very productive with this open relationship we have going on. How was your week? Did you miss me lots?" he asked, leaning in for a kiss.
"I missed you more than you could imagine," Gabriela said, leaning in to kiss him but then popping back up before they could meet lips. "But your story reminds me of something that happened to me this week," she said. Hearing this was a bit of a worry to Tanner. There was no way his girlfriend did anything that could possibly match the raw sexual energy of the story he had just told.
"So after you left Friday, that evening I went for a run in the park to get my mind off of how much I missed you."
"Awwww," Tanner said, reaching out and clutching her hand.
"Soon, though, this handsome blond man started running next to me, and we started talking. He was funny, witty, and handsome. Oops, I already said handsome, didn't I? Anyway, he was also really interested in you, Tanner, and your physical attributes, like your height. He found your height interesting, I guess, cause he was like six and a half feet tall. We both found it interesting that he was exactly one foot taller than you," she said with a giggle.
"I'm still growing, you know," the 27-year-old man replied.
"He also goes to the same gym as you. When I told him about the time you were crying to the gym owner that it's de-masculating that all of the 3-pound weights you use there are pink, he remembered you," she explained. Tanner was surprised to hear that she connected with this guy so well. Usually, Gabriela struggles to meet new people.
"Did I mention that Thai girl..." he started to say, trying to change the subject before Gabriela interrupted him and continued her story.
"So after our jog, he suggested we go back to his place, which I agreed to."
"You went back to his place? That was so dangerous to do. What if he tried something with you," Tanner said, becoming very worried about what he was hearing.
"Don't worry. He didn't try anything," Gabriela assured him. "I never gave him the chance. As soon as we got to his place, I pushed him against the door and stuck my tongue down his throat."
Tanner pulled his hand away from hers in shock. "You kissed another man? How could you do that to me," he said, causing a few nearby tables to glance over at them. Gabriela stared blankly back at her boyfriend. "Right... sorry. It's just that I didn't expect you to kiss some random guy. You should get to know them first and make sure they are good people," Tanner explained.
"Tell me the name of either girl you kissed on your vacation," she replied.
Tanner paused for a few moments. "You didn't kiss very long, right?"
"No, not very. It's like you said. I didn't know this guy that well. It's also hard to kiss a guy while sucking his dick," Gabriela said causally.
Tanner went white in the face. Did he just hear that correctly? "You... did what?"
"I gave him a blow job. The guy had a fantastic dick, and I had never given one before. Luckily, he was willing."
"Gabriela... how could you do that? You gave your first blow job to a stranger rather than your actual boyfriend. If you wanted to do that you could have asked me. I would have loved to," Tanner said in despair.
She put her hand on her boyfriend's shoulder. "I want our first time to be special. With this guy, it was all about pleasure and a lot of it. The taste of his cock as it ran up and down my lips made me so wet. Even thinking about it now is opening up the floodgates in my panties. Licking his tip while knowing that, at any second, he could unload his balls into my mouth was exhilarating. When he did finally cum, he had such volume it leaked out of my mouth. But god damn, it was tasty. I was licking my lips for a while afterwards." As Gabriela recounted this story, Tanner noticed her hand slowly caressing her neckline.
She seemed to snap back to realizing what she was doing and looked back at her boyfriend. "But with you it will also be good I'm sure. And I'll love you and stuff."
Tanner took a moment to calm himself down. He knew this was always a risk when he opened this relationship. It was just unlucky that she found this guy this week. "Okay. But it was a one-time thing, and you've never seen him again, right?" Gabriela nodded in agreement. "I guess I will be your second blow job eventually, though. That's cool." Gabriela made a face of concern, which made Tanner even more nervous about what she would reveal next.
"I didn't want to be rude. His three roommates were watching the whole time I blew him. They seemed to be really wanting their dick's sucked as well. So I did," she explained.
"You blew four guys in one day!" Tanner exclaimed, drawing the eyes of the whole restaurant.
"Only till they came, I promise," Gabriela said, trying to assure him.
"Also, I didn't kiss them, which, as I just learned, you don't like me doing with other guys."
"For future reference, I'm not a fan of you sucking on guy's cocks either," Tanner informed her.
"Why are you so upset by this, Tanner? This is what you said you wanted when you opened up the relationship," Gabriela complained.
"This is not what I envisioned. I wanted...," Tanner said, pausing.
"You wanted what," she asked.
".... not this," he replied. Tanner took a deep breath. "Okay, maybe I'm overreacting. It was just blow jobs. It's not like they saw you naked or anything."
Gabriela agreed. "They didn't see me naked that day, for sure."
"What do you mean that day," Tanner asked nervously.
"I mean, I can't say for sure they weren't at the bar I went to Saturday night," she said. Tanner wanted this story to end before he even heard it. "So Saturday night, my girlfriends wanted to take me out to get my mind off missing you. They said going to a bar and getting male attention is what I needed," Gabriela explained.
"Wasn't blowing four dudes enough male attention to last you the rest of the week," Tanner asked, already knowing the answer.
"I did mention that to my friends, but they said blow jobs barely count, and I trusted their opinion on this. Anyway, we went to the bar, and they were doing a dance contest, and they talked me into entering it." Tanner was surprised by this. His girlfriend was always hesitant to dance due to her shyness. He was happy to hear that maybe this was passing. Maybe this story wasn't going in the direction he feared.
"It took a lot of convincing, but eventually, I agreed. The girls were dancing on top of the bar so everyone could see them. The bar was very crowded that night. When it was my turn, I was doing badly and getting almost no applause. My friends in the back of the crowd started acting out dance moves for me to do. That helped a little, but it was still going poorly," she said, sounding down about it.
"Hey, that's okay. The important thing is you got yourself out there and tried. Next time, with more practice, the crowd will like you more," Tanner reassured her.
"Oh, they loved me. My friends starting doing a dance motion I didn't understand. It looked like they were telling me to take off my shirt. Later, I found out they were telling me to raise the roof."
Tanner giggled. "That's funny that you thought that. Could you imagine you taking off your shirt at a crowded bar like that?"
"I don't need to imagine it. That's what I did. I took off my shirt, and the crowd erupted in applause. I realized I could win this," Gabriela explained, looking proud.
"You showed off your bra to the whole bar," Tanner asked in disbelief.
"Oh, don't worry. It was just for a short amount of time." Tanner didn't like that, but at least it was brief. "Because I quickly took off my bra," she added.
Tanner spit out the water he was drinking onto his girlfriend's face. He apologized but couldn't believe he was hearing that his long-term girlfriend had shown her naked tits to over a hundred people. Gabriela wiped off her face. "That's okay. It reminded me of Friday night with that runner guy's roommates. But back to my dancing contest, my boobs got the crowd on my side, and I knew I had the contest won."
"How could you show off your body like that? You've been so shy about showing me even a shoulder, and now you let strangers see you topless. Wasn't that embarrassing for you," Tanner pleaded.
"A bit, but not nearly as embarrassing as showing off my pussy to the crowd," she said straight-faced.
"You showed them your entire naked body? Why?"
"I really wanted to win that five-dollar Cracker Barrel gift card. Did I mention that was the dance contest prize? I know you like eating there, so I wanted to get it for you."
Tanner put his head down on the table. "You could have been recorded. Images of your naked body could be on the internet getting spread as we speak," the boyfriend said.
"Oh, I've seen videos of me on like five different sites already. They are all over the place. It was a very crowded bar. But don't you dare go looking for them? It would be embarrassing for you to see me naked." Fantastic, Tanner thought. His girlfriend is a Girls Gone Wild star, and he's forbidden from seeing her videos. Her boyfriend will be the last man to see her naked.
"Oh, I made a new friend that night," she added. It seems you made a few hundred friends, thought Tanner. "Her name is Heid, and she's stunning." Tanner was relieved to hear that it was a girl. Otherwise, he was worried her blowjob count would climb even higher. "She joined me on the bar after I was naked and danced with me. After dancing naked for twenty minutes, I was starting to feel embarrassed being the only one naked, so she got naked with me up there," Gabriela said, continuing her story.
This made Tanner feel slightly better. All of the attention wasn't solely on his completely naked girlfriend. "That's... cool. Is she nice," he asked, hoping to turn the conversation once again away from the topic of her tits jiggling in front of strangers.
"Totally. She's a Pisces, likes baking, and is an excellent kisser."
"What?" Tanner said, choking on his tongue for a second there.
"She's really into baking. Mainly cupcakes," she explained helpfully.
"No, not the baking. Why did you say she's a good kisser?"
"Because she is. Oh wait, I forgot to tell that part of the story, right? So, after she was dancing naked with me for another fifteen minutes, the crowd started chanting for us to kiss. Well, she was gorgeous, and I was getting pretty horny having all those men stare at my pussy and take those close-up videos of me dancing naked, so I went for it."
Tanner had really mixed feelings. On the one hand, hearing his girlfriend kissing another naked girl was pretty hot to him. On the other hand, he didn't witness any of it, and many other people did. Gabriela continued her story. "That's how I found out she was a good kisser. I found out she liked baking when we got dressed after 69ing on top of the bar. Did you know apple sauce can be used as a substitute for eggs," she said, trying to add an interesting fact to her otherwise very dull statement.
"Wait, you had sex with her on the bar? You experimented with lesbian sex at a crowded bar in front of all of those people? And it was recorded," Tanner asked, looking at his girlfriend like she was an alien.
"Yes, Tanner, I just said those things. Why do you keep repeating everything I tell you today? But here's another interesting fact, did you know a woman's pussy taste amazing? Well, I guess you wouldn't know, seeing as you haven't... just trust me, it does." Tanner was trying to understand if this was her way of coming out to him. But she seemed to enjoy those blow jobs she gave those guys earlier.
"Did you enjoy the experience then," he asked, trying to gauge her feelings.
"Oh my god, yes. So after we kissed for a while, she asked me if I was from around here. It's funny because I heard her say, 'do you want to fuck each other in front of all these people.' So thinking that's what she said, I replied, 'I would love to lick your pussy while being recorded by a hundred dudes.' It's funny how that happens." It's really not thought Tanner.
"So she laid down on the bar, and I climbed on top of her, and my face was now inches away from her pussy, and I knew mine was right above hers too. It was embarrassing because I was absolutely soaked from being so turned on by the nude dancing. I was sure I was probably dripping pussy juice on her. I was so nervous because, I don't know if you know this, I had never had lesbian sex on top of a bar with a crowd watching me." Tanner found this statement odd as he was her first relationship ever. She had never gotten sexual with anyone ever. Well, except for those guys she blew. But Tanner was going to pretend for the rest of his life that didn't happen, even though it would be a story Gabriela would often recount in front of his friends and family.
Gabriela continued her cute public lesbian sex story. "So, while I was staring at her beautiful pussy, suddenly, my pussy was hit with a wave of pleasure. My new friend had started licking it, and oh my god, I was in heaven. Each lick was like having an itch scratched that I've had since I saw Rocky 3 when I was thirteen. I had to literally slap myself to get myself to focus and pleasure her with my tongue as well."
Tanner was now sporting a huge boner in his pants hearing this story. A boner that was years away from being any part of this relationship. "I just started licking every inch of that pussy as vigorously as I could. I had no idea what I was doing, but based on how much she was squirming, I think I was doing a good job. She also started moaning pretty loudly, but it was hard to tell over the sounds of my own yells of sexual glee. Ten minutes later, my mind is going wild with what her tongue is doing to me. Something had been building up inside me, and finally, it exploded, making my whole body shiver, and my tits feel like they were so warm. I had my first orgasm. Can you believe it? I've been wanting to have one for so long. Who knew all I needed was a little public lesbian cunnilingus?"
Tanner had been enthralled by her story, as had every nearby table. A few of them even found the videos on their phones. "So, are you a lesbian or bisexual now," he asked, looking for clarifications.
"No, not at all. I'm straight as an arrow, so don't you worry. I just really like licking pussy, and I want to do it as often as possible, that's all."
"What bar was this that they were cool with having naked women have sex with each other?"
"Grants Family Bar and Grill. The same restaurant that we're having dinner with your family at tomorrow. I wonder if they will remember me," she wondered. Tanner had little doubt.
"But look at me taking up the whole time with my dumb stories. Tell me another one from your vacation." Tanner thought about what story he should tell that would live up to a story about a girl getting her first orgasm from having lesbian sex in front of hundreds of men. Then, the perfect one hit him.
"Ah, this is a good one. On Monday, I was drinking at the poolside bar by myself when one girl in a group next to me ordered a 'Sex on the Beach.' I said, 'I would love to join you for that!' The joke being I was referring to the act of having sex on the beach while she meant the drink. She didn't hear my joke, though. The bartender thought I was ordering and made me my own 'Sex on the Beach' drink. I didn't like it, but I drank it all since it cost me twelve dollars..."
The tables near them didn't seem to be listening to Tanner's story as they were distracted watching videos on their phones of something. Gabriela broke the awkward silence. "That's a great story, honey. I always like your sad sense of humor. So after the bar Saturday, I wanted a nice quiet Sunday, so I went for a drive."
Tanner already knew where this story was going. "My brother texted me about this. You got a flat tire, and he came and helped you." Hearing this had been encouraging to Tanner. His younger brother and Gabriela had not been getting along. There seemed to be some invisible tension between them. Him helping her out like this might be the catalyst to get their relationship back on the right track.
"He was really nice and saved me big time changing that tire. I don't know what I would have done otherwise. After he got my car all fixed up, we talked about some of the local sports teams, how your parents are doing, and then we went back to his place, and I fucked him as a thank you," Gabriela said while watching something on a nearby TV.
Tanner stared blankly at a wall, not sure what he had just heard. "Did you say you had sex with my little brother? You lost your virginity to him as a thank you?"
"I thought about giving him the five dollar Cracker Barrel gift card, but I knew you would want that so I let him bang me instead. You're welcome." Tanner did like Cracker Barrel, but getting his girlfriend's virginity would likely have been a better gift for him.
"I invited him to my place for a drink as it was so hot that day. After finishing the lemonade, he asked if I had anything he could snack on. I told him he could snack on these titties, and a minute later, his face was planted in my naked breast. I guess I misunderstood what that expression meant as I was trying to say he could help himself to anything he wanted in the fridge. But at least this way, I saved some money on groceries. I was curious to see where he was taking this, and apparently, that direction was taking off my pants and panties and then fucking me in the kitchen. It was quite the unexpected journey," Gabriela said, taking a drink from her cup.
"But... you said you had sex with him as a thank you for helping you. Was it your plan to fuck him from the start or not?" Tanner asked, confused.
"Maybe I'm having trouble remembering what happened exactly, which is understandable, considering how big of a dick your brother has. Maybe after he changed my tire, I suggested he come to my place and change me to a non-virgin. I can't remember, and it doesn't matter. The important part of the story is your brother's dick made me cum twice in the kitchen."
"Did you guys at least use protection," Tanner asked trying to find the thinnest of silver linings.
"Of course, I had him wear a condom. What do you think I am, an idiot," Gabriela said getting offended. "I'm mad at you for even suggesting such a thing. What kind of woman do you think I am?" Tanner felt really bad and apologies profusely to his girlfriend for implying that when she had sex with his brother they, didn't use condoms.
"Apology accepted. After that, I invited him over every evening to thank him again for helping with the tire situation. And by thanking him, I mean fucking him, of course. By the way, what time is it? I have a standing appointment I need to make at eight," she asked.
Tanner looked at his watch. "Oh, it's only 6:30, so you are good. I'll set an alarm on my phone as a reminder. I know you hate being late to things." Tanner was sweating heavily and tried to take stock of the situation. In his plan to make his girlfriend jealous by opening up the relationship, she managed to blow a group of strangers, show off her naked body to hundreds of people, fuck a woman, and lose her virginity to his brother. He was beginning to think that his plan wasn't working as intended.
"I'm glad to hear that you guys practiced safe sex. That's important," Tanner said, trying to say something positive.
"That's right. At least the sex I had with your brother was safe," she said, nodding in agreement. Tanner did not like how she worded that statement.
Knowing he didn't want to know the answer but would probably find out anyway, he asked, "What did you do Monday?"
"Our friends Winston, Chad, Tony, and Jerry were having a little get-together at Chad's place. So I joined them," she said. Tanner was glad to hear that. Those four were his closest and most trusted friends. They had been warming up to Gabriela since he started daring her. He was excited to hear she had become good enough friends that they invited her over even without him in town.
"Did you have fun hanging out with them? Did you guys play some games or something," Tanner asked, allowing him to relax a bit.
"We played cards for a bit, but that was boring. Jerry suggested truth or dare then," Gabriela said. Hearing this worried Tanner. Truth or dare could lead to some very bad situations. "I said no to that as I was worried it could lead to some inappropriate behavior," she said to Tanner's relief. He would have felt terrible if his girlfriend did anything sexual with his close friends. "Instead, I suggested they just have sex with me, and they agreed." Tanner began to feel terrible.
"What? Why on earth did you have sex with my friends? You had to know I wouldn't like that," he said, pulling on his hair.
"Because I learned from your brother that I really like sex. I knew your friends were all virgins and thus wouldn't know how awesome it is. Here, I'll tell you the full story," Gabriela said, settling in her chair for a long tale.
"Please don't...," Tanner moaned but was completely ignored.
"Once I suggested they all fucked me, most of them cautiously agreed, but Tony questioned if you would be okay with it. I told him you were perfectly fine with it as you had opened up the relationship. Besides, worst case, if you weren't okay with them sticking their dicks in my pussy, we apologize and agree to probably maybe not do it again for a bit."
Tanner stared at the ceiling as his girlfriend continued her story about starting an orgy with his friends. "Some of them were still worried, but by the time I stripped down to my slutty underwear, they were all on board. Oh, I forgot to mention I bought and wore slutty underwear to game night with your friends. Chad volunteered to fuck me first, which I appreciated as I couldn't choose. I insisted on sucking his dick first, which I'm glad I did. Did you know your friends' cock tastes fantastic? Do guys talk about how their dicks taste with one another? Anyway, once he was nice and hard, he helped me out of my underwear. Your friends showered me with so many compliments about my body. Jerry said my ass was to die for, Winston said I had perfect-sized nipples, Chad complimented the color of my asshole, and Tony said my pussy tasted like heaven. Tony went down on me, by the way. How come you've never complimented my ass, nipples, asshole, or pussy flavor before?"
"Same reason you have never said anything nice about my penis," Tanner replied, still staring at the ceiling.
"Because you've no desire to ever see them? I understand," Gabriela said in response.
"No, that's not what I meant," Tanner tried to interject before she continued her friend sex story.
"So after I was naked and let all of the boys feel up my body for about twenty minutes, I was ready to take Chad's dick. I laid on the floor in front of the couch where the other three sat and watched, and he nervously fumbled his dick until he finally penetrated me. He didn't last long and soon came, but that was fine. It wasn't like I didn't have three other dicks willing to take it's place. It didn't take long for the room to be filled with five non-virgins!"
Tanner looked his overly friendly girlfriend in the eyes. "Again, I ask, did you really think I wouldn't mind you fucking my friends? Especially since we haven't had anything close to sex ourselves? Each of my friends has had sex with you once while I've done it zero times," Tanner said with a few tears welling up in his eyes.
"Twice. Well, actually, three times," Gabriela interjected.
"What," he asked, knowing he would regret questioning her statement.
"Your friends have had sex with me three times each. It was a long evening with them."
"Did you plan to fuck them when you went over? You must have taken a lot of condoms with you."
Gabriela looked offended again. "What kind of girl do you think I am that I would take a box full of condoms to meet a group of guys?" Tanner apologized again before remembering his girlfriend was that kind of girl.
"Wait, you didn't use condoms," Tanner yelled out, catching the attention of the whole restaurant yet again.
"I guess we didn't," his girlfriend said after thinking about it for a second.
"Are you on birth control?" I asked, worried.
Again, Gabriela got mad. "Only sluts who plan on letting guys fuck them whenever they want use birth control."
Tanner looked confused and asked, "So, in your case..."
"I'm not on birth control you jack ass!" Gabriela stood up, yelling at her boyfriend. As new people were seated at the restaurant, the other patrons got them up to speed on the story thus far and shared some links for videos.
"Then you made my friends pull out when they came, right?"
Gabriela's eyes lit up hearing that. "That would have been a good idea. I'll have to remember that if the five of us ever do this again. I mean, if we plan to do it again after our next session next Sunday, of course."
Tanner's heart would have sunk if it hadn't already drowned at the bottom of an ocean. "Are you saying that you might have been impregnated by one of our four friends? You might be carrying their child right now?"
Gabriela rolled her eyes. "The odds of that are pretty small, Tanner."
"You don't know that. It's not uncommon for a single case of unprotected sex to result in a pregnancy."
Gabriela shook her head. "You misunderstand. The odds of your four friends getting me pregnant aren't that great. That was only Monday when that happened. Let's say I had a very busy week."
"No...," Tanner said in despair.
"Tuesday, my brother's college soccer team was celebrating reaching a 5 and 12 record. How could I not let them creampie me as a reward? Minus my brother, of course. That evening, I went in place of my dad to his co-worker's birthday party. I guess you can say I'm one of those people who gets everyone a present on a birthday, not just the birthday boy. But he did get his fill." After hearing that, a guy at a nearby table offered her a high five, and she happily took it.
But her recap of the week was not done. "What, I mean, who, did I do on Wednesday? I fucked a cop to get out of a speeding ticket. I then spent the rest of the morning driving around town as fast as I could. Did you know that most of the police working traffic are male? And the few females who do are rather open to new sexual experiences? That afternoon I visited my old high-school and got my first semester sophomore English grade turned from a C to a B. Why did I fuck a teacher to get a grade from nine years ago changed? Because Mr. Goodwin is cute, that's why. I also had sex with a couple of the 18-year-old seniors as well because when in Rome, fuck barely legal teenagers as they say. That night I just found a guy on Tender to fuck me. I know it wasn't very creative, but I was tired and horny, sorry."
"This morning, I knew you would be back this evening, so I needed to act fast if I was going to end this story with a bang. Get it? Anyway, I visited your workplace and met with your boss to discuss some things. Primarily what it would take for him to stick his cock in me. Nothing was the answer. He was willing to have sex with me for no reason other than just to have sex with me. I guess I should have come up with some stupid excuse for why I had sex with him, shouldn't I? Ummm, so he wouldn't fire you? That might prove to be a bad excuse, as I said a lot of negative things about you while he fucked me from behind. Oh well."
"Finally this afternoon, I finally got your parents to agree to a threesome. It was your dad who took some convincing, as your mom was on board the second I brought it up. That's why I was almost late to dinner tonight because I was fucking your parents. Did you know your mom owns a strap-on? It's a high-quality one, too," Gabriela paused to catch her breath after speaking for so long recounting her sexual adventures over the past week.
"What was I talking about? Oh, right, why it was unlikely having unprotected sex with your four friends likely resulted in me getting pregnant. The reason is I had unprotected sex with all of these people. Even your brother after that first time. I might be pregnant with your niece, nephew, or sibling! Or maybe I'm not pregnant at all. Yet."
Tanner was completely white and stared at the empty spot on the table in front of him. He had heard and understood everything but was fully shut down, not having any idea how to process the information. After noticing the state her boyfriend was in, Gabriela got up and walked behind Tanner, putting her hands on his shoulder.
"Oh, I'm sorry, babe. You probably really didn't enjoy hearing all of that." She then leaned in and whispered in his ear. "But if I ever hear you say you want to get with another girl or even look at someone else, I will make my past week's actions look like those of a nun compared to what I will do next. Understood?"
Tanner managed the smallest of acknowledgment nods. "Good," Gabriela said cheerfully. "Listen, I just stopped by for a bit. Your parents are expecting me back. My next week is pretty full, but maybe we can have dinner like this again next Thursday night. Bye!"
Gabriela walked out of the restaurant, leaving her 'boyfriend' alone at the table. The waitress finally came by to check in with the table. "What can I get you tonight," she asked.
Upon hearing the woman's voice, Tanner ran out of the restaurant, yelling, "Stop trying to give my girlfriend an excuse to get impregnated!"