Nigkala Tales 30: Pregnant?
How can I be? I got fixed!
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
Recently, Filipe was selected for the lead in a remake of 'The Spy Who Loved Me'. Yesterday, I found out that I had been recommended for the role of Jaws. I wondered why, but when I met the director, he told me he was at a certain costume party where I portrayed Richard Kiel. He felt that since everyone that night was deceived into thinking I was a guy, then I could do it again. He also felt that since we were married, we might have a great chemistry as opponents.
While my part was fairly simple, Filipe's took a lot more effort. It's not often I am a supporting character, and I think this one had the least lines yet. But the character is one beloved by audiences, even though he's a villain. Most of my scenes were fighting the hero, and most of the rest was getting orders. One of the changes was Jaws' teeth got a lot more screen time.
Preparing for my scenes involved wrapping my breasts up tight, and adding a padded stomach area to expand it to match my wrapped breasts. Over that was a tee shirt, a dress white shirt, a tie, and a suit coat. Jaws was always dressed well. And the layers hid my female body. I re-used the appliance I made for the party, as it looked great, and I could wear it for an hour or two at a time. With all those layers, I requested a quiet cooling system when not on camera.
For the fight scenes, I used Everest's hardness, and told Filipe to go full out on me. I took care to attack slowly, and to really chew the scenery when I had a chance; sometimes, even literally, as I had the steel teeth appliance. Because we have sparred with each other through the years, most of our fights were not choreographed, but rather spontaneous. Being the fighting expert that I am, I was able to make my hits look very powerful, while doing nothing to Filipe. The only retakes we needed were due to set issues.
When not actually filming, I played the ladies' man. Flirting with all the new female talent. Many enjoyed watching me, because they knew the truth. Some of the older hands also played into it, just to add to the fun. For example, one woman told a new kid that I had a ten-inch dick. Another man said I was rumored to be able to handle two women at the same time. I did wind up having dinner with a few of the ladies, as well as a bit of fondling of their breasts. On the other hand, I showed how muscular my arms were, by letting them feel it through my shirt. I also gave them good masculine kisses.
The director called all the new talent together at the end of the last day of shooting. "Ladies and gentlemen. You all know that actors portray other people, and the best ones do it so well, it is hard to imagine it is not the real person. Well, you have seen one actress who is an expert at this. She stands beside me."
One of the crowd said, "Where is she?"
"Right here." He pointed to me.
"But that's George Holt, a guy."
"Really? Helen, if you will..."
At that, I took off my coat, my tie, my shirt, and then finally my tee shirt. A few realized what they saw, but for those that didn't, I removed the padding, then unwrapped my breasts. At that point, everyone saw my breasts, and starting with George's voice, then shifting to my regular voice, I said, "A while back, I found myself getting typecast, so I created George as a way to get different parts. I totally fooled my agent, and after cluing him in, took some roles as George. I was soon accepted as a good character actor, and getting assorted small parts, usually as the heavy, I finally decided to expose my secret. Now, it is an open secret, but I am no longer typecast. Well, mostly. Some parts are lucrative and fun, so I love doing them again and again." It was clear a lot of them were staring at my breasts, but when I finished talking, I put my shirt back on, but didn't button it. The shirt was also thin enough that my nipples could be clearly seen through it.
"As I said, she played George so well, you believed she was a guy. On top of that, she played the strongman, Jaws. I wanted you to see this, so that you can see a pro who is able to stay in character all day long. Being able to do that will help your career. Thank you all. The filming is over, so I will see you next at the wrap party." He then turned and left.
I spoke up and said, "If any of you want to speak with me about George, please stay. I am glad to talk about that with you, and give you some tips if you want."
By this time, Filipe was standing next to me. He reached into my shirt to play with a breast, as he said, "My wife is quite talented, and not just on screen." He put his other hand down my pants. "She also likes mentoring new actors, so please, feel free to ask anything about the profession." Then he stopped playing with my breast, kissed me, and went to mingle with the crowd near me.
In that short time, as I had already exposed myself, I got so aroused, that I had an orgasm. Afterwards, having planned it, when he removed his hand, two breasts were left fully exposed. I pretended to not notice, but my nipples were at their full two-inch extension, causing the other side of the shirt to stand away from my breasts. I spent nearly half an hour talking with them, before it finally broke up.
That evening, Filipe and I relaxed, having sex by our pool. "You were evil, today, Filipe. Making me cum in front of everyone."
"Yeah, but you loved it."
"True."
"I noticed you didn't bother to fix your shirt afterwards."
"Watching them squirm, and trying to ignore it can be quite entertaining."
"Oh, it was. I was watching from the sidelines. You were capturing everyone's attention, they didn't notice me watching."
"So, how do you think the movie went?"
"Pretty well. The director told me he was looking forward to getting post-production going. He even told me that our fight scenes were quite realistic, and that they may well get an extra portion of the film time."
"Oh, that will be nice. I know I enjoyed our fight scenes, but I noticed you seemed to be hitting the painkillers a bit."
"Well, I'm not as young as I once was, and in those workouts we had, I went too hard. Oh, I love the results, but my body cannot sustain that level of stress without help."
"Are you still in pain?"
"A little, but between aspirin, and the Jacuzzi, I'll be fine in a week or so. But I'll be taking it easy for a month."
"Is there anything I can do to help? Perhaps some divine healing?"
"That is a thought, but since it will just be a bit of time, and a little pain, I don't see any need for the big guns. Also, it will help me to remember to not go so hard in the future."
"I am sorry I did this to you."
"I am not. Our fight looked far more real than many, and your ability to pull your punches as you connect, means it is really hard to spot the fake fighting. Since you punched through brick, concrete, wood, and other things, it will be rather impressive. Your 'Jaws' will be well remembered."
"We'll see. As a remake, it will be harder to get any awards."
"Perhaps, but the critics are another matter. Remakes are all over the map for critics. Enough worrying about the movie. You think our first is ready to be a grandpa?"
"Lucio? I think so. He may have started early, but he picked a good woman, and they raised a bunch of good kids. His son, on the other hand, sounds nervous, just like any new father."
Filipe chuckled, and said, "I remember ours, like it was yesterday. I was a little calmer, but then I had an older brother to lean on, and who kept telling me things were fine. And they were.
I got to play the wise elder to Lucio and his son for a few months. Then came the film, 'Flash Gordon: A Hero Is Born'. This was not a remake, but a new envisioning of the character. I played Princess Aura. While the character names were the same, there was a complete remake of what they looked like. Ming the Merciless was a tall white man, actually taller than me. Prince Vultan was a Jamaican, Prince Barin was Chinese, Queen Fria was computer-generated, and many others of all nationalities. While it was implied Princess Aura had dozens of lovers, only three were actually shown in the movie.
Not only was the cast multicultural, the outfits were out-of-this-world. Each of the various groups had their own designer that set their look. This meant that in the several court scenes, there were clashing styles. It also let the audience identify the many characters quickly. While I made my own outfits, I followed the general direction of the designer that also did Ming's outfits. I also made the jewelry for Ming and Aura, and also the noble regalia of the primary nobles.
This was another film that was not to be R-rated, so sex scenes were out. A bath scene, with lots of little waves obscuring my breasts was allowed, as well as half a dozen nipple slips, and a full nude silhouette with hard nipples. I even had a pussy-slip with one outfit. My outfits also made full use of semi-transparency to allow my nipples to sort of show through. They were pushing the ratings folks for everything they could get away with. I later learned that some of the scenes that were cut for being too explicit were included as extras in the DVD release. The only reason I learned this before the release was because I was doing voiceovers of my part in several languages.
I was surprised that the brief orgy scene made the cut. I was nude, and face up on a huge bed. Each breast was covered by someone's hand. And my vagina was blocked by the back of a woman's head. I think it passed, as it was only briefly shown on a video screen as part of a video call that lasted five seconds. Of course, before the director said, "Action", the guys were playing with my breasts, and the woman was eating me out. I also had a pair of dicks in my hands, and I continued to play with them as the shooting commenced because they were off-camera. When she said, "Cut," we continued to have sex for at least ten more minutes. I even heard the director cum, watching us.
While Aura chased Flash on screen, quite often after the director said, "Cut", we continued the action and got hot and heavy. Dale, while protective of Flash on screen, became an active participant in our hot and heavy action. I was surprised at first, that the actor playing Ming wanted me as well. He later explained that most women are so short, that sex isn't all that fun for him, but with me, he felt normal. So I decided to make him feel special by going over the top. I also found out that the woman playing the head of Ming's secret police was really into women, and was also a sexual submissive into bondage. I made after-hours use of some of the set's torture devices to pleasure her. She even occasionally invited guests to watch.
After that film, I found I was spending some time looking over my magical notes from my last visit to Jiao-long. I remembered that Isis also had magic as a domain. I wondered if she put any of that knowledge in her talisman, like Aja did. I decided to try studying it while I was in the sauna. I got up early, and after an hour workout, I set the sauna for an hour's worth of steam.
I set my towel on the ground, and went into a lotus position. I then said, "I am Isis," and activated the talisman. I then had it levitate me six inches off the ground. I then opened all my senses, and began meditating on the talisman. While I immediately noted the powers I had often used, I could tell more was there. Slowly, more came into focus. The other powers I had used were the first to come into focus. I could feel others were just out of focus, so I tried to see if the talisman had any life, like other talismans. At first, there was nothing, so I persisted, and broadened my senses, and still nothing. This seemed odd to me, since my understanding of talismans was that they were alive with a tiny spark drawn from their creator.
I thought of the magic that made talismans, and tried to envision that magic without some part of life, and no matter how I came at it, I could not see it working. I must have spent nearly an hour pondering this, but finally came to a decision. I would attempt to touch the awareness of the talisman, even though I could not detect it. I took it slowly, and gradually expanded my mind into the talisman as though it had something. For a long time, I got nothing, but I could tell I wasn't all the way in. I made that last little push and found something unexpected.
I felt that same disorientation I felt with portals. I also felt I seemed to be in a vast land with marshes, rivers, and islands, along with many reeds. Far below me, was a naked woman with feathers on her arms. She looked to be sleeping. I was descending quickly, and I feared I would hit her, but instead, instead of hitting, I seemed to merge into her. Immediately, I felt a mind of vast power, but it was barely aware, and in a sleep nigh unto death. I just existed in her, stunned by the power, but I slowly realized that this mind seemed to ignore me.
I looked around within this mind to see all I could, and soon learned to not try to see everything, because it seemed to overload me. One thing was clear. This was the goddess, Isis, and she wasn't dead. That realization made me recognize the place as the Field of Reeds, from the Egyptian afterlife. I wondered why Inanna didn't find her, and suddenly I seemed to remember placing a screen on my talisman to hide me from everything, that would also make it very difficult to pierce other lesser secrets I left in the talisman.
That thought distracted me into thinking about magical screening, and I suddenly knew all about that kind of magic. I could now duplicate it. I then backtracked to learn about the making of the talisman. Again, memories surged, and I knew everything I had placed into it. I continued to explore my newly revealed memories when I started to notice a chill in the air. When I tried to feel where it was coming from, I felt I was warm here, yet the chill seemed to come from somewhere. I focused on following that feeling, and suddenly I was rising from her body and then sensed going through the portal.
This time, I fully understood the nature of this portal, and that it was a psychic portal. Once on this side, I no longer felt her presence. Looking again in the talisman that she made, I could see far more than before. I no longer held the knowledge I had received within, but I retained hints and clues. I felt I could study with this talisman and access her memories in an indirect way. I also felt cold. So I withdrew, and seemed to wake, as my consciousness returned to reality.
The lights were out, and I was still levitating. I looked at the steam rocks, and realized they were cold. I conjured a light to see, and then suddenly realized that this was another ability of this talisman. It was not one I even had a hint of. I returned to the floor, released the levitation, and stood. After opening the door, and letting the outside light in, I said, "I am Becky Sue." The light I conjured winked out, as I expected. I put the towel in the laundry bin, put on a fluffy robe, and went upstairs. That's when I learned I had been in the sauna for five hours. No wonder I felt cold.
My thoughts must have still been in a fog, as Cindy called to me. "Hey, sleepyhead, lunch is ready."
I refocused, and looked at her, and replied, "Thanks. I've been meditating, and I think I was still partly there."
She led me to the kitchen, where Tammy said, "Ah, there you are. Let me present you with a new dish I am creating. Tell me what you think."
That got me to focus real fast. If she was experimenting, it was bound to be interesting. It was actually a three-dish meal, but I took it slow to savor every moment. She had created another great meal. "Very satisfying. A great blend of tastes, and great contrasts bringing forth the subtleties hidden within."
"Huh? You sound like Filipe."
"Oh, you're right. Hmm, I think the fact that I haven't eaten since last night, may have left my palette completely cleansed, and so able to sense the nuance."
"Interesting. I'll have to try to come in someday soon and make you breakfast to test that theory out."
"If it does prove out, just ask me to not eat breakfast the next day, and you can come in at the usual time. I won't mind occasionally waiting to eat, especially if it is as good as your experiments usually are. Did Filipe say anything?"
"He's out and won't be back till dinner, so I will be seeing how well it keeps."
"I'm sure he will enjoy it."
That afternoon, I tried to write down what I remembered of my time inside the talisman. After three hours, I realized I had almost no detail, yet a tremendous amount of impressions. The only sure thing I had was a better understanding of what the talisman would let me do. But even that, still had vagueness. I decided I needed to speak with Inanna, but I felt I needed privacy as well. Before dinner, I told Filipe I needed to speak with Inanna in private.
"Is there a problem?"
"No, I don't think so. Rather I need some advice, and I think she needs to know my concern. I don't want to rock the boat and cause problems, and I think she will be able to advise me."
"You don't want me to advise you?"
"No, I don't. It involves divine politics. You also lack the breadth of experience to advise me."
"If I tell you, I have to kill you, huh?"
"No. It could get messy, and given the power of those involved, you could get hurt along with many others. I don't want you exposed to that level of danger, if I can help it. I'd rather not speak of it until I have been advised."
"Let me know what you can, when you can."
"I shall. You deserve that, and more. I just don't know how much I can share. I'll be heading out into the desert soon. Don't expect me back for a while."
"Okay."
There was silence until Tammy asked Filipe about the food. Soon the two of them got deep into a discussion of the dishes. I quietly excused myself, and they didn't seem to notice. I fetched the anklet, walked into the garden, and the portal sent me to the desert. Although I wasn't paying much attention, I sensed the transition as a compressed burst of magic sending me through other dimensions. I also understood how that magic worked, beyond what I had actually done to make it.
The first thing I did was to contact Death Valley and tell it I needed peace and quiet, and I wanted to hide within it for a bit. I felt it welcome me, and I teleported to where it indicated I should go. I recognized the place as the Mesquite Flat Sand Dunes, at the top of a dune. Suddenly, the top moved down almost six feet, while the surrounding sand went up two feet. I felt it indicate I was hidden from everyone in the valley. I took off the robe I was still wearing, and laid it on the ground before I sat down. I then summoned Inanna's talisman, and focused on her.
I hadn't said anything yet, but she said, "Daughter, you are troubled."
"I am. Can you come here? Or bring me to you? What I have to say and ask is not for others to hear, and I fear even what we say now, may be noted."
She appeared facing me, but with a silk sheet beneath her naked body. She then cast a spell I recognized as a very powerful spell to take us out of space and time. "You recognized that spell. How?"
"Isis."
"I don't understand."
"Her talisman is like Aja's. She is not dead."
"WHAT!"
"Please, I fear attention, even here."
"... You are right. This knowledge is extremely dangerous. How did you find out?"
"You know I was exploring her talisman. This morning, I took it to a new level. Like the other talismans, I sent my mind into them to understand them. All were alive in a way, except hers. So I went farther, like I did with this valley, and the lake. I made it past her screen, and through a psychic portal, and found her sleeping in the Field of Reeds. I was drawn within her, and I entered her mind."
"The mind of a goddess is no place for a mortal."
"So I learned. My link with the talisman seemed to actually be a link with her. And that link made my presence unnoticed by her mind. Yet, she reacted to my thoughts. Curiosity got me looking, and her mind's response overwhelmed me, so I quickly focused my mind to accept only a tiny portion. Almost nothing. I then resumed looking, but for very specific things, and it was if I remembered the information instead of reading another mind. The information was crystal clear and very generous. Eventually, the chill of the day penetrated, and I followed it out. When I woke, I lost much of what I learned, but what remained made me think I either retained some sort of access or hints of the memories I encountered. I was in a dark room, and conjured light. I didn't even know the talisman would do that. I just had a need and it happened."
"You are extremely lucky."
"Maybe not. She chose me, and linked me to herself. She knew what I was capable of, and I suspect took steps to keep me around. Remember, I survived her assault on my mind, so she knew I was strong."
"Indeed. You may be right."
"The spell you used to secret us is something I don't think I even knew was possible. I think my little trip may have had the effect of strengthening our link. Remember, she too has magic as a domain, so she would know this spell."
Inanna's eyes got big at that.
"That is why I am here. I represent a great danger to all about me. If I can hide as she has, others may not realize what I hold. I think I need your help to do that."
"You are right. Others know you have magic of several varieties. Changing that would be extremely difficult for me alone, and I don't think having An help would make it much easier."
"What if we were able to make the screen, a screen about me to reduce my signature like Hugeng's tattoo? Perhaps add in a component of some kind of suggestion that I am not interesting, magically?"
She was silent a few moments, then said, "That might work. But we also need to make your mind even more protected."
"Yeah, I thought as much. But too good a block, and others will just try harder. What about a two-level block? The first, a strong block as might be expected, but a second beneath that that hides that knowledge as well as its existence?"
"I think it should also hide that knowledge from yourself."
"Do you think all this will be enough to protect those I love, and those near me?"
"No, but that was the situation before she came. But I think it will prevent the danger from growing because of it."
"Then let's do it. What do you want me to do?"
"Simple. Come here and have sex with me. Open your mind to me, and I will do what is needed. Some of it will be by your own will, as I guide you. You also need to invoke her power to make it more accessible."
She lay down and I crawled over to her. I thought, "I am Isis," and began to sixty-nine her. At the same time, I opened my mind to her, perhaps more than I ever had. I focused on pleasing her. I don't know how many times I changed position, let alone how many times either of us came. It just seemed to go on forever. I noticed I felt a certain awareness of both sex and war, I also noticed Inanna exploring my mind deeper than ever before, and she was doing high-order magics within it. Even as I recognized the spells, the memory of their use was removed from my mind. I also felt other parts of my mind being sealed behind a barrier I could barely sense. Slowly, I felt those aspects of my mind seem to draw away, but not actually be eliminated. Somehow, I knew it was still active in my thinking, but filtered - so whatever thoughts it had, did not make it past the barrier.
Each orgasm distracted me, and at some point, after some distraction, I no longer knew I had the hidden barrier. I was left with no memory of our discussion. She finally exited my mind, and I felt as if a great burden had been lifted from me. We continued to have sex for another hour, and then we broke apart and lay next to each other.
I felt the magic around us go away, as Inanna said, "Thank you for calling that to my attention."
"What did I say? I don't recall." I realized we had been screened, but thought nothing of it.
"You told me of Lord Monkey's demonstration of your martial skill in sparring with him and later your battle with the Oni."
"Oh. I don't remember telling you that."
"It's difficult to remember what you say during sex." She giggled. "You don't serve the Imperial Emperor. That you helped for friendship, has caused a minor political issue for me and the others you serve. I will need to have a formal meeting with him to straighten things out."
"I am sorry to cause you distress."
"Don't worry, daughter. Such things happen all the time. Well, they used to, he he. The only difference with what you did was the scale. But since you were acting under Monkey's orders, the Emperor won't make a fuss. In the future, try not to get quite as much attention when you act in divine politics."
"I will try."
"Don't worry too much. It is rare for a priestess to get involved more than once or twice. Additionally, you are now known by the Emperor's advisors, as is your friendship with Hugeng, and Monkey. Fortunately, you used little visible magic in that battle, and no battle magic. So most think you are a powerful martial warrior with some magic on the side. Your escapades at the magic school also helped cement your sexual nature. Others will know you have their respect as a mage, but are unlikely to realize just how good you are. Not even Master Chang or Master Zhāng."
"But what I did, showed them I am gifted."
"True. They know that, but you have learned so much from them, that you have actually achieved a new level of understanding. They don't know that, and you should hide that. To that end, I have strengthened your mind so you could have a stronger barrier."
"Thank you."
"Let us relax, and eat something."
"Allow me." She nodded. I thought a bit, and decided to use glass. I called forth a glass table, and chairs from the sand. On the table, I created assorted bowls, plates, pitchers, and glasses, all of glass. I then used Aja's magic to set forth a bounteous meal. I created silverware, with real silver, of course, with both modern and ancient utensils. I had three kinds of juice, and also ice-water. There were fruits from around the world, as well as cooked meat from around the world. There were also dishes from around the world and from Sumerian and modern times. "Shall we eat?"
Inanna's eyes crinkled with delight. She even noted some of the foods that had not been served in eons. "I haven't had some of these in a long time."
"I may not have gotten everything right, but I do remember some of the tasty foods from then. Since her magic can provide food, I have practiced."
We then sat down and began eating. We spoke of the meal, and other things of no importance. We both wound up eating a sample of everything, and thus left a lot of everything. Finishing, we got up, and I made containers for the leftover food, and a backpack to carry it all. Then I realized I was naked, with a robe on the ground. Rather than put it on, I put it in the backpack, and instead, created a simple outfit for myself. Once all the prepared food was packed, I dismissed the silverware and returned the glass to the desert. The remaining food fell to the ground.
"I had wondered about using glass."
"Had I made wood, I could not get rid of it so easily. What is left here will be either eaten by scavengers or absorbed by the sand. No need to leave trash."
"And the packed food?"
"The old-style food is to show Tammy some other tastes, and all of it is for leftovers. As you know, it all tastes good."
"Tammy's your cook, right?"
"Yes. She's also an impressive chef, and has a high-end catering business. She teaches others to prepare her food, and ensures good quality, and often unusual food."
"Then she'll like the new tastes. Why?"
"She made some new food for us earlier, and I was inspired for our meal. I thought I would gift her some new food. I know she will appreciate it, even if she doesn't care for some of it."
"I see. Well, now that our business has finished, I'll be going."
"Thank you, my Queen."
She leaned into me and gave me a full power kiss that made me orgasm. When I could focus, she was gone. I just smiled and went home. I was surprised Tammy was still there, but it turned out I was only gone for an hour, and she had decided to make a new batch of lunch so Filipe could compare it to the leftover version.
After removing my robe from it, I handed her the backpack. "I was just at the end of a sumptuous buffet. All of this food was leftover, so I thought you might enjoy some free food. Some of it is from some ancient recipes, and I thought you might like trying to figure them out."
"Thank you. What brought this on?"
"At lunch, you inspired my taste. I thought to return the favor. Enjoy." I then headed upstairs, saying goodnight to both.
Before I got too far, Filipe asked, "Did you get your advice?"
Turning, I said, "Yes. Inanna said I stepped in it, with some divine politics, but she said she would take care of it. Now, I know some more things to be careful about."
"I see. Do I need to worry?"
"Not anymore. Inanna is handling it. You can worry about tonight, instead."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. We had sex, and I am wound up," I grinned.
Tammy spoke up, "Damn. I need to go home, so I can't watch."
I said, "There will be other times."
"I know." Then she sighed.
"Well, at least you can have a nice dream, thinking about us."
We said goodbye and headed upstairs, and she left with the backpack.
In the morning, Filipe said, "Woman, Inanna got you good yesterday."
Smiling dreamily, I said, "Yeah."
"I don't mean that. She often leaves you wound up. Last night, you did some new things, including things I never heard of."
"Huh?"
"Yeah. Like she taught you some new sex stuff."
"I wonder. Maybe she left some surprises for me in our meeting?"
"Well, thank her for it when you next talk with her."
"I shall."
Later, as I was lounging by the pool nude, Cindy came up to me. She was also naked. "Becky Sue, would you like me to apply some lotion?"
"Sure, enjoy yourself."
"Tammy called in today. It seems your little gift of food has got her working in her kitchen on overdrive. I have a feeling food will be spotty for a while."
"Well, we have a fair amount of frozen meals, and both Filipe and I cook, even if only sporadically. I also know the local delivery folks love dropping food off here, as I often am nude, or near-nude when I open the door."
"Yeah, I know." She smiled. "I've done it a few times here, as well."
"Well, I'll not worry about it unless she is out too long. Do you think she'll come up with new stuff?"
"Yes. Think it'll be very good?"
"Oh yeah. Oh! Yeahhhhh." Tammy had finally gotten around to my vagina, and so I came.
Later, I said, "You want me to do you?"
She handed me the lotion, and lay down next to me. I got up, and started on her feet. When I moved up, I sat lightly on her feet. Once past her knees, I did her upper legs. I didn't get close to her vagina with the lotion, but rather leaned down a little and sent my tongue out to lick her into ecstasy. I massaged her butt cheeks as I dived in. I didn't let her come, but rather kept her on the edge. I slid my waist forward, and I used my hands to spread lotion on her breasts. Still on edge, I pulled my tongue out, and slid it into her mouth. I quickly added more lotion to my breasts, then put a hand in her vagina. My fingers penetrated, and hit her clit, while I leaned forward until I could spread lotion with my breasts. I was finally able to follow my tongue with my head, and kissed her deeply.
Continuing the kiss, I continued to rub our breasts together. With my other hand, I slid it down her butt, and slowly worked it to her back door. Just as she noticed it, I struck. Thumb in back, fingers in the front, and I pinched her clit hard. My nipples were rubbing hers, and I started thickening and pulsing my tongue like a penis would feel. Boy, did she come hard. I could hear her screaming into my mouth. I pulled out my tongue, and flipped around to let her eat me out. She was still in orgasm, and I quickly stuck my tongue in her vagina to rebuild her orgasm. I switched my hands to her breasts. At times I pinched her nipples and nipped her clit. This would send her back up. When I finally let her come down, she crashed hard. While she recovered, I finished applying lotion, carefully covering her face also. I lay back down, and it was a good ten minutes before she partially revived.
"You did it again, Becky Sue. I'm wiped."
"Then rest. Quiet company is also good company."
"Yeah. It's times like these that remind me why I like working here so much."
A few days later, Tammy made us a fancy meal, with several of the items I had supplied her. "Folks, here is my initial try at some of the foods you supplied, Becky Sue. Filipe, I look forward to your critique. Becky Sue, I want yours as well, especially as to how it compares to the original. Cindy, let's serve this feast."
The ladies brought out numerous dishes, and we began to eat. As a working dinner, they sat with us. I made lesser comments to quality and taste, as I was not too sure of my own memories. But presentation was another thing. I tried to relate how I remembered it being prepared and served, as well as commenting on her presentation. I am glad she didn't try to duplicate the taste exactly, but rather come up with something close. Cindy, sitting next to me and Tammy, also had comments and suggestions about presentation. But it was Filipe and Tammy who were sparring back and forth about the exact details. After a while, Cindy and I slowed our eating and enjoyed the show they were giving. When they moved on to a different item, we partook, and made comments, but soon became silent while they sparred. We must have been up till midnight, but no one cared.
It took nearly two months for Tammy to replicate everything, or at least create something very much like it. Whenever she felt she had succeeded, I gave her the name and origin of the dish, so she could add it to her catering business. She took to supplying free samples of them with large orders, as a way of both advertising, and of thanking her customers.
Meanwhile, Filipe got a part in a mobster movie, as an elder mobster that helped run the business, and I got a gig as a fight trainer for yet another martial arts movie. But I decided to do something I had not thought of before. As I envisioned the fight scene, I pulled in Inanna's power as a goddess of war, and examined the scene in my imagination. I wanted to give the hero an easy grace to outdo the villain's henchmen, and to have the main heavy to have a similar grace, but more evil flavored.
The director loved it, and even had me add in more fight scenes, just so he could get that grace on film. Additionally, he wanted me to see if I could add lesser grace to some of the hero's sidekicks. When the shooting ended, there was a large battle with the hero and four sidekicks facing an army of over a hundred minions and a dozen masters. We went over budget, but the producer happily went for it. In that last scene, I sent Inanna's power to the good guys, so that they wouldn't make mistakes that would need a reset for another take. It was only later I realized I didn't know I could do that.
I wasn't too surprised that I was nominated for fight choreography on the film, nor that the film was nominated for best action film. The surprise was all the buzz before the nominations about the fight scenes. I was also nominated for Best Supporting Actress for 'Flash Gordon: A Hero Is Born' and for 'The Spy Who Loved Me'. The only reason the three films were in the same year, was that the Bond flick was delayed to the beginning of the award year to avoid competition with another action movie, while the martial art film post-production went quite fast, just getting in under the wire.
The news of my nomination for Jaws, kind of blew the lid off my alter-ego, George Holt, but by this time, enough people already knew in the industry, I felt there was no more need of keeping an open secret. I wasn't sure what to wear for the ceremony, until Filipe said wear both. Two weeks later I had a tear-away Jaws outfit that completely covered my Aura outfit. I also had a variant crown that would lay flat under the wig, yet spring up when the first wig came off.
We went to the award ceremony as Filipe and George. Filipe escorted Cindy, and I escorted Azura Ortiz, the young priestess I met filming. When she arrived at our house, I demonstrated the reveal, and I asked that if I won the award that she would come on stage immediately after the reveal to take the costume from me. Filipe and I sat next to each other, and the ladies sat next to us.
Finally we heard the magic words, "The envelope please..."
Time seemed to stop, as usual when I am up for something. Then something unexpected happened.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we have a rather unique occurrence. It seems to be a tie. The winners by tie are... George Holt, and Helen Asher."
I stood to loud applause, and I quickly reminded the priestess to get ready. I then walked up to the stage, in a very masculine gait, smiling and showing steel teeth. I came up and shook the presenter's hand firmly enough, that many saw him wince a little. Then in my Jaws voice, I gave my speech for that film. Then I said, "Ladies and gentlemen, it seems I share the award with another." I then nodded for the priestess to come forward. "And now, I present... myself." At that, I removed my coat, then grabbed the tie and shirt and pulled it forward. The back came apart as designed, revealing part of my other outfit. With my other hand, I grabbed the belt and pants at the front, and pulled. I was now revealed as Aura. In the process, two nipples made a brief appearance.
At this point, Azura came and placed Aura's shoes on the stage and took the pull away outfit. As she was doing this, I slipped out of Jaws' shoes and into Aura's, while also palming the steel teeth and putting it into a pocket of the suit. Next, I removed the wig, and the crown popped up. Lastly, I removed the false face and dumped the pieces in the wig. I was facing Azura, and leaning forward handing her things, so everyone in the center front of the audience got a pussy flash. I gave Azura a loud thank you, so she could hear it over the thunderous applause. She returned to her seat, and I went to the podium.
In my own voice, I said, "Thank you all. It honors me to share this award with... myself." That got a bit of laughter. "To win, tied with myself is not something I expected, but hey, at an award show, anything could happen, right?" After a brief chuckle from the audience, I gave Aura's speech. When I finished, I picked up the pair of trophies, and returned to my seat, swinging my hips and walking in a very feminine manner, even pulling in a little of Inanna's power to emphasize my sexuality. I let it die, as I sat back in my seat.
The whole time I walked back, I was getting a standing ovation. I also noticed a fair number of people checking out my vagina, as I went past. As I sat, Filipe pulled me to him, and congratulated me with a long, intense, kiss.
Cindy said, "Awesome show, Helen. Congrats on the win."
Azura said, "Yes, Helen, congrats."
All told, at the end of the evening, Flash won five awards, Spy won one, and the martial art film won three awards, including best fight choreography. Both the director and I went up. I accepted the award, but let the director make the speech, including how my vision swept away the ordinary, and brought fighting to a new level.
One month later, I was approached about a new 'Mortal Kombat' film. They asked if I could bring that fighting grace to the screen with four arms. I said yes, of course. The month after, they signed me on. It took six months to write, and another six to shoot, as there were both sex scenes and fight scenes. Angel and Jewel reprised their roles. And I clued them in on using Inanna's power for war to give them the extra grace, and her power of sex for their sex scenes. I worked extra hard at coaching the three main adversaries, and lending them a small amount of her power, to make their ferocity even more apparent.
We shot on location at Al-Khums, Libya, and used the ruins of Leptis Magna as a backdrop for travel and some fight scenes. We set up a large warehouse for one scene to replicate a section of the ruins, as there was supposed to be damage to the ruins in the film. At the same time as we filmed, there was an archaeological team doing excavations nearby. While they weren't too happy about us trampling about the area, they did like the luxury we shared with them of air conditioning, ice water, and electricity.
We had just finished a big fight scene, when Angel, Jewel, and I felt an earthquake. They quickly looked up, in preparation for more tremors, and to see where to duck if needed. I, on the other hand, instantly realized that there had been no stress in the Earth nearby, and so knew it was some sort of magical effect. Instead of looking up, I looked at everyone nearby, and also opened up all my senses. I saw several locals showing signs of having felt something, but it was other senses that noted psychic power fading from where the archaeologists were. I sent my thoughts there to try to learn what was happening, but the psychic power was blocking things. Every few minutes, I would try again. By the time it cleared, there was nothing to see.
We finished the shoot for the day, and I spoke to the ladies. "Angel, Jewel, you both noticed something today. It was not an earthquake, but some sort of psychic effect. I think the archaeologists have encountered something. Be on guard, just in case."
Angel replied, "What of our kids? Are they safe in town?"
"I think so, for now. But I will try to find out what happened."
I went to mingle with the team members who stopped by to enjoy our hospitality. I listened for a bit mentally, until I found one who was close to whatever happened.
"So, you found something today. Was it interesting?"
"Who told you? We're not supposed to talk about it."
"I've worked with archaeologists before. I know how you talk. I've also translated a number of languages." I opened my mind even more for leakage from him, and continued, "So, if they said not to talk about it, it must be big."
"It was... but..."
I picked up that they had discovered a new room with odd hieroglyphs and an odd glow. "But you can't talk about the room with indecipherable walls. I know how it is. Don't worry, the press won't hear it from me." I then left.
Later, I told Angel and Jewel, and said I thought they found something magical. I also told them I did not think there was any immediate danger. That evening, I alerted Inanna to the discovery, and asked her to take care of Angel, Jewel, and their family. She told me she would keep them safe.
The next day, after shooting, the dig supervisor sent an aide to ask me if I could speak with him privately. I went with the aide, and he drove me to the dig. In the main tent, I met Vyacheslav 'Robert' Petrov. We greeted each other, then he spoke up.
"Professor Tate, I don't know how you learned so fast, but since you seem to know, we could use your help with some translation."
"Oh? Please tell me, as I didn't get everything. Especially about that glow."
"There was no glow. It was just their imagination."
"I see. Well, about the rest...?"
"We were working on an old wall, when we realized there was a deep fracture that went further back than we expected. It didn't take long to learn there was a hidden room behind the wall. We thought we were careful, but something caused our small drill to create a large hole in the wall. One big enough to reach in with a small camera. What we saw did not match any known hieroglyphs, yet seemed similar. We were hoping, with your knowledge of ancient languages, you might be able to help."
"Interesting. May I see the site?"
"I was hoping you would say that."
"First, can you show me a map of the dig?"
He went to a small desk, and pulled out a large printout, with the site in the middle, and huge margins for additions. I looked at it, then used my rock sense to orient it. I then looked for what all was underground. I saw there was a lot more than what they had found. I decided to update his map, so I grabbed a pencil from the desk and began drawing on it.
"What are you doing?" He then tried to make me stop,
I gathered An's power, and said, "Wait. You will see."
He waited, nervously watching all the lines I was adding, and suddenly he realized I was drawing a full layout of the site, with some labels. When I finished, I said, "Please note the orientation of the map, and consider the layout here." Then, I stepped away and motioned him closer.
"How? You can't see the site from here! And these additional lines? What are they?"
"You asked how I knew so much, before. I have some psychic sensitivity, and I sensed an event. I suspect it was your breaching of the room. As for the rest, I seem to gather information in unexplained ways. Bring the map, and let's go."
I released An's power slowly, waiting to see if he would rebel against what I did. He did not, but as I listened to his thoughts, he was having a strong debate about the impossibility of what I just did if it were true. I smiled at that. We went toward the area of the breach, but I stopped twenty feet short, and said, "The entry is here."
He turned around and said, "What entrance?"
"This one." I then squatted and pushed the wall slowly. I used Everest's power briefly, to weaken the plaster hiding the outline of the doorway. Bracing with one extended leg, the large stone began to move. After pushing it three feet, I stopped. I then stood up and ducked through the entry. Robert followed, his thoughts now wondering how I knew. I then led the way to the breached room. I stopped at the entry and used my other senses.
Walking to one part of one wall, I scanned more, and found the trace of psychic energy. I pointed to the wall at this location, and said, "The glow came from here."
"Impossible. That's where they said it happened, but by the time the cameras took pictures, nothing was there."
"I can barely perceive it, but there is psychic residue here."
"How is this possible?"
"There is more to this world than you know. While I am aware of some of it, I still get surprised from time to time."
"Those symbols on the wall there look like they might be symbols of protection, but they don't look like others I have seen."
"Let me think on this, and look at all the walls, since they seem well preserved." I motioned him back to the entryway, then sat in the center of the room and meditated as I looked at each wall in turn. He was right. They were not normal hieroglyphs, but another dialect. These were 'Divine' hieroglyphics, and I was easily able to read them, and I wondered why, since I didn't even know about them before I saw them. I had to meditate, and in that meditation, I realized I recognized these like I recognized spells. My link to Isis was responsible, and she knew these.
It was less than five minutes before I stood and said, "Enter, and take a picture of this wall." I pointed to the one with the hole. As he did that, I said in thought, "I am Isis." I felt a slight rush of power. Then I said, "Record my voice." When he looked up, I read the wall to him, as it would have been spoken. I later realized I sounded like Isis had when she spoke in my body. Even as I did this, I pulled in Inanna's healing power and Isis's telekinetic power, and with it, I picked up each piece of broken wall, and using Inanna's healing, located where it belonged and put it there. I managed to do this before I came to the portion that was broken, so my voice did not falter. I applied a final burst of healing power, and the wall was invisibly repaired.
When I finished the text on that wall, I said it again, but this time in English. When I stopped, I feigned collapsing to the floor, where I said, "The divine form of writing takes a lot of mental energy to process. I must rest." I then closed my eyes, and pretended to go to sleep.
As I expected, he quickly took pictures of the wall again, with the repair, and the other four walls. I don't think he noticed the psychic glow slowly, oh so slowly, come back. But as I seemed to be as still as a statue, thanks to Everest, for that quality; he decided to go back out where he had service for his phone. He called the foreman to recall the workers immediately so they could document this. Then he sent the pics, and my voice to his sponsor. I knew I had at least fifteen minutes before anyone came in.
I opened my eyes and stood. Walking over to the wall, I touched the protection symbol, and used Isis's power to read its psychic knowledge, and learned where the center of its protection lay. Moving quickly, levitating myself over trapped floors, and bypassing some other traps, I came to the center. I had to crack two more doorways like the first, but I levitated the block rather than push it, as that was far faster. This was a temple to Seth, and I had earlier felt ancient magic down here, including a masking shield nearly as good as on Isis's talisman. I had noted it after as I had realized the protection symbol was one of several, and looked carefully in the exact center, found a void, or a hole in the background chi. Their shield did too much, and not enough.
Opening my senses wide, and even some I hadn't realized I had, I studied that shield and what was beneath it. It seemed to be a phallus of some sort, but not of stone or metal. But what to do? Guarded powerfully by psychic traps and magic traps, this was something that would give the words 'cursed tomb' a new meaning when they found this.
I levitated into a lotus position, so I could meditate. In my meditative stance, I re-examined the traps, and began to undo them. As I did, I felt their potential power flow into me. That was new. Still, I had no time, so I worked as fast as I could until all the invisible traps in the room were gone. I had not felt anything of this kind elsewhere in this temple. Next, I removed the magics blocking psychic power. When that was done, I cast a small psychic portal and reached through it. I saw my hand disappear into thin air, but I felt it emerge nearly two feet below the floor in a small space. When I touched it, I realized it was bone dry, and only the magic was keeping its form. I pulled my hand back, and cast a spell through my hand using Isis's power, to create a mist. With Inanna's power, I caused the object to absorb the moisture until it was as it should be. I added to the moisture as it was absorbed. When Inanna's power said it was done, I reached again. This time, I had to go through several inches of water before I touched it. I grabbed it, and pulled it back out through my psychic portal.
With my other hand, I created a fur lined bag, and placed the object in it. Then I canceled the psychic portal, and headed back out. At the first doorway, I used my life sense, and realized I still had time, so I used my desert power to remove all traces I left behind in the dust, then I levitated the block back to where it had been before. Continuing to levitate, I continued removing my traces and backtracked. I returned the second block as well. I couldn't believe my good fortune. I was able to resume my sleeping pose and remove the last of the traces. The last thing I did was to loop the bag's strap about my wrist and cast a simple invisibility spell on it. Even as I thought about that, I realized the spell was blatantly obvious to another mage, but these people were magic blind.
Finally, several people entered. I continued my fake sleep while keeping a watchful mind out for anyone spotting the bag. There were three that seemed to notice, so I gently whammied them to ignore and forget it after an hour. Half an hour later, I faked waking up, including a great yawn. I slowly got up, and looked for Robert. He was not in the room, so I walked up to one who seemed to be in charge of this group, and got his attention.
"Yes?"
"Please tell Robert, I am tired, and went back to my room to sleep."
"Okay. Do you need help getting out?"
"No. I remember how I came in. Besides, most of the tracks go that way as well."
He laughed, and said, "I'll be sure to tell him."
"Thank you. Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
I left slowly, feigning tiredness. Once I was out of the site, I canceled the invisibility spell, and instead invoked a screen to hide my excitement. I then went back to my room, and sent an invite to Angel and Jewel to learn what happened. They both said they'd come by in a few minutes. I let them in.
Jewel asked, "So. What did you learn?"
"I found a temple of Seth, or you might know him better as Set. There was something there being protected from detection, and there were numerous traps guarding it. I left the mundane ones alone, but removed the others."
Angel said, "Oh! 'Curse of the Mummy' time, huh?"
"Not quite, although they may think so. There was only one mummy there, and I have it here." I then lifted the small bag.
"So small. Was it a child?"
"No. You remember the tale of Seth vs. Osiris?" They both shook their heads indicating no. "Kids, these days... Such a sad state of education. Here's a recap. Osiris ruled Egypt. Seth tricked him into a sarcophagus and dumped him into the Nile. Isis rescued the body, and was going to return him to life the next day. Before they could, Seth came and stole it. He cut the body into many parts, and hid them all over Egypt. Isis searched, and found all but his penis. They put him back together, and with some help restored him to life. She also molded a piece of clay into a dick, and attached it so she could bear his child."
"That won't work."
"This is magic, the magic of the gods. Back to the story. Since he wasn't restored fully, he could not reclaim his throne, and so went to the afterlife, where he became ruler there. Meanwhile Isis hid her son, Horus, until he was of age and trained. Horus challenged Seth, and after many years, won. Seth was banished to the desert. The tale is told in many places, on many walls full of hieroglyphs, including at this temple. On nearly every representation of Osiris, there is a gouged out the place where his dick would be, symbolizing its removal. However, the tale in this temple is a little different. There is no gouge, rather it is clear the depiction was made without a dick deliberately. There were also lines on the depiction showing the sewn together nature of the body."
"Seth sounds bad."
"Possibly, but I don't think he is as bad as you think. His domain included chaos, and he helped to provide the challenge to ma'at that it needed to be strong."
"What is ma'at?"
"English speakers don't think the same way the Egyptians did back then. It is sort of like a soul or spirit, but not exactly."
"Well, maybe he had a place, but I don't like him."
"One of Seth's later consorts was Astarte, who was also known elsewhere by the name Ishtar. See where I'm going with this?"
A few seconds later, Jewel's eyes got big. Angle noticed, and said, "What is it?"
"Ishtar, is known in Sumeria by the name Inanna."
"WHAT?"
"Hush, child. She may be the same, yet different. Gods are not mortals, nor are they bound to our ways. Astarte was also a goddess of war and love, although perhaps more motherly. She also was adopted into their pantheon well after the time the story happened. Seth was also a god of war, so maybe they had something in common to bring them together. But I don't plan on asking."
Jewel said, "Yeah, me neither."
Angel said, "But what if she asks?"
"I don't think she will, since I will tell her what I found, but without judgment, just facts, and asking how she wants me to handle things. She may get annoyed, but I don't think she'd do something precipitous. She also knows I trust her and love her in a way. I don't think it will be a problem."
"You take a big risk."
"I know, which is why I am telling you. Not for myself, but for Filipe, if needed." So, shall we see what I found?" both nodded, so I opened the bag on the bed between us. I already knew it had to be a penis, as I had felt it, but they weren't prepared. Turns out I was also not prepared, because I recognized it. The flesh had no sign of decomposition, and it was fully erect and fourteen inches, at least. I was in shock.
Angel picked it up, and felt it. "Oooh, this is a thick and long one. And it feels so real, as though it is almost alive."
"Can I feel it?"
"Sure, Jewel."
"You're right, it even feels kind of warm. And the nut sack seems kind of full. Hey, you think I should try it?"
"It's dead, and who knows what it might do to you."
"You know Inanna protects us that way. Besides, dead flesh is cold, and this seems warm." Jewel continued to play with the balls.
"Huh? I think I saw it twitch."
"Are you sure?"
"Play with its balls some more."
"It did twitch. Maybe it's not quite dead?"
They looked at each other, then both grinned. Angel took off her clothes and spread her legs. Jewel then used it like a dildo on her, pushing it in and out, getting her more and more excited. Even though she couldn't get it all the way in, she was able to bring Angel to orgasm. She knew all of her buttons and pushed every one of them, getting Angel to orgasm for over ten minutes. When she came down, Jewel handed it to Angel and said, "Do me!" She then removed her clothes and opened her legs. Angel knew Jewel just as well, and was able to get her orgasming for about the same amount of time.
Finally, both recovering, Jewel leaned over and whispered in Angel's ear. They didn't know I heard her say, "She needs this, too. I'll hold her down, and you stuff her. The surprise might be enough to let it work." Angel nodded, and Jewel got up and headed my way. I was still in shock, so even though I knew what was about to happen, I was helpless before them. Jewel then jumped on me, knocking me back, and Angel opened my legs and lifted my skirt.
Angel said, "She's already soaked, and leaking!" Without hesitation, she thrust the penis into me. It went all the way in, even the balls, and her hand. "Damn, I forgot how much she can handle." She then pulled out almost the whole way, before pushing back in. Again, just as far as before. Meanwhile, Jewel was feeding me a nipple, and playing rough with two of my nipples, switching every few seconds. Angel got a few more cycles in when suddenly, I came. The balls were right at my entrance, and my muscles clenched extremely hard and stayed that way nearly half an hour. I was still helpless, but I noticed that magic I had gained at the temple seemed to go within the penis. Beside me, both of the ladies were also orgasming, but in waves. First one would crescendo, then the other. Back and forth that whole time, neither coming fully down before going back up. When my orgasm finally left me, so did theirs.
Angel suddenly cried out, "OW! My hand." She pulled it out, and the penis came with it, dropping after a moment. "What happened!? My fingers don't go that way. OW! I just tried to move them."
That need finally broke through to me. "Don't do anything! Let me take a look." I hit her with a whammie to block the pain.
"What did you do? I can't feel anything."
"I blocked the pain, and everything else. Let me look at it with my sight." I then pulled Inanna's power, and looked at her hand. I saw a number of broken, almost crushed bones, but little damage otherwise. I then proceeded to heal it, and we all saw the hand reshape itself back to normal. I did a once-over, and saw what was left would take care of itself in a day or two. I then whammied her again, to cancel the block. Then, feeling quite tired, I fell asleep. Yet, somehow, I heard them continue talking quietly.
"What happened, Angel?"
"I was ramming that damn cock all the way into her, holding the balls in my hand. I had just pushed my hand in again when she came. After she blocked the pain, I was able to get a brief look with Inanna's healing. I think every bone in there was broken or worse, crushed. Can you believe her vagina is that strong."
"It can't be. I know I've played with her and Filipe when she came. More than once I got a finger or three caught, and while tight, she never hurt me. And it's not like she has much control of it. I think something else may be going on."
"You do?"
"Yes. What happened to the dick?"
Angel gingerly pocked it. "No. Not possible. Look at it. Less than eight inches!"
"Not only that, look at the nut sack. Less than half the size." Jewel picked it up and played with it a little. "It feels exactly the same, just smaller. As though it wasn't damaged. What do you think?"
Handing it over, Angel inspected it, and said, "Still warm, but it seems a bit lighter. What the heck is going on?"
"I don't know, and I think she is the only one that might figure it out. Let's put it back in the bag, and put her to bed. She's already sleeping."
"Okay."
They left, yet I could still feel a connection to them, and heard their smalltalk as they went back to their husband and double-teamed him. That got a smile on my lips. But what happened? In the morning, I had no memory of what happened after I recognized the penis. Later, Angel and Jewel said they examined it for a bit, then put it back in my fur-lined bag, and put me to bed as I had fallen asleep by then. We finished the shoot, all feeling good about ourselves, and returned home.
Two months later, the ladies invited me to their home for dinner. I could tell both were excited, but wanted to savor the surprise. After dinner, Mark told Filipe, the ladies had great news. Everyone then looked at them, when they said in tandem, "We're pregnant!"
I asked, "When? Do you know who?"
They must have planned it all out, because they stayed in tandem, saying, "We got pregnant in Libya, but we don't know who the father is."
Filipe said, "Mark, Let's head out for a beer. We're not going to get a word in for hours." Mark nodded, and got up. Filipe followed.
I said, "Coward."
"With all this hen talk? You bet." We all chuckled. Shortly, they were gone.
He was right, of course. They were my daughters, even if not legally. He also knew I would be calling them up almost daily to follow the progression of their pregnancies, as I had for their earlier children. Of course, they saw the doctors, like as in a double visit just to save time.
The next day, I got the job of fight coordinator for yet another film. This time for a futuristic setting, and I needed to go to the moon for a month to train the fighters. While still expensive, the flights up were a lot cheaper than before, and also Red Horizons had a large facility there that we could use. I think my zero-gravity training, and the grace I had learned to pull from Inanna's warrior side, allowed me to be perfectly adapted to moving about the place. I heard a number of long-timers comment that I was better at moving than they were. I smiled every time I heard that.
The day before I left the moon, I went down in secret to the lowest level of the place, and used Everest's power to make a shaft down a mile before opening up into a huge cavern, over a cubic mile in volume. I spent nearly six hours filling it with pure water, then I closed the break in the floor I had made. It wasn't until the trip back that I realized I had put on a little weight. Not much, but enough to make fitting my spacesuit a bit tight. I resolved to hit the gym a bit more in the future. I wasn't the only one to gain weight, but most lost weight. I was one of only three that didn't have problems walking when we landed.
My plan to hit the gym got derailed by the needs of filming. It took several weeks to get all the snarls out of post-production, and using the various camera angles to generate additional footage, so the director could get the fight scenes he wanted. Still, I was glad we worked in a darkened room most of the time, and sitting down as well. The extra weight was kind of embarrassing. I noticed it seemed I was still gaining weight.
Finally, I was able to hit the gym, but that seemed to backfire. I was still putting on weight, but I seemed to have barely enough energy to do my normal routine. Oh, I could use magic to help with that, but it wouldn't make the pounds drop off. I was relaxing in the sauna when I felt something move within me. What the hell? I immediately summoned Inanna's healing to see what was happening inside of me.
Utter shock.
I was not just pregnant, but very pregnant. There were two baby girls in me. How is this possible? I examined where my ovaries should be, and they were missing as expected. How had I become pregnant?
"Queen Inanna, I am in need of your wisdom."
"What is it, daughter."
"Look within me. See what is there that is not expected."
I felt her attention drift from my mind for a moment, then I felt her surprise.
"You see them. How? I have no eggs."
"Yes, daughter, you should not be able to bear children. Also, you are old enough that your body would have stopped making eggs. May I look further?"
"Please do."
It didn't take long before I felt Inanna feel surprised again, but she said nothing. Finally, she returned.
"They are healthy. They are also yours, yet not."
"How can that be?"
"They are divine."
"Huh?"
"Gods have not been born on this world for a very long time, and you will bear two."
"I have not lain with An, nor you, in quite some time. Too long for how far they are along. While I think Monkey might be quite fun in bed, I have not asked, nor he offered. While I have lain with a dragon, my understanding is that I would bear a half human, half dragon. Besides, I did every night for a year and never got pregnant because I had no eggs."
"I said they are divine, not semi-divine. Both parents are divine, yet they are your children and you have no divinity. You could, at best, bear a semi-divine child. Something else has happened."
She fell silent, and we both pondered the possibilities. Finally I remembered. "Libya. Something must have happened there. I felt a psychic earthquake, like when Isis showed up, but far weaker. I found a dig had broken the barrier surrounding a Temple of Seth. I explored it quickly, as I didn't have time, but I found something. A desiccated penis being held behind a screen almost as good as the one on her tattoo. When I felt it, I backed off, and sent a fine mist to surround it. I then used your healing to pull the water in and restore the flesh so it wouldn't fall apart when I touched it. Later, in my room with Angel and Jewel, we finally saw what I had found. I recognized it as the penis of Osiris. How could I not? I recognize all that she knew, even if I didn't know it until then."
"You FOUND it!?"
"I guess... I suppose Seth kept it as a trophy, which is why she couldn't find it. Later, he hid it. If not for that break-in, I would not have looked and seen the hole in the chi in the center of the protected area. Even so, I had to use all my senses to feel it. Wait! I discovered new senses then. Why would I not remember that?"
"Did you tell anyone?"
"I was going to tell the ladies that night, but I fell asleep. I think."
"You aren't sure?"
"It feels like I heard more than I was aware of, yet I don't remember it."
"Something has altered your memory. I am sure of it."
"Wouldn't I know of it? You made me stronger that way, I recall."
"I did, but strength avails not to subtlety."
My eyes got big at that. "Um... my Queen, will you look? Please?"
I realized she was waiting for me to ask, as she was instantly in my mind. I felt her again become very startled, then aroused, and then the memories came back.
"Oh. My. Goddess. Do you think..."
"I will check them... Oh, this is going to be interesting. They're going to be giving birth to a semi-divine boy and a semi-divine girl. And they are all Osiris's. You are right. That IS his divine staff." I could feel her humor. "And the three of you will be due on the same day, I think."
"How...?"
"You know when you got pregnant. I can sense twin strands of magic connecting you three. One is male, and the other feels like Isis. As to you getting pregnant, I suspect Osiris did something, as your orgasm was not normal, not even for you."
"I know now. I crushed Angel's hand without even knowing it. Your power fixed it, but still."
"Do not be concerned about that. You were not at fault, and she did not blame you."
"I must tell Filipe, Angel, and Jewel. But how much? When? Should I tell anyone else? And how do I explain getting pregnant when everyone knows I have no eggs?"
"The last is easy. Just say you adopted them. I will have one of my other priests who is a midwife head this way soon. However, as you are getting noticeable, you best hide from the public. Keep the divine part secret for now. When they are born will be soon enough for that. Do you think they would move in with you? In some spare rooms? It would be easier if everyone is together to handle the children."
"I'll make the offer, but it is up to them."
"Good. I need to deal with some politics. It's gonna be complicated."
"Really? Is Osiris's divine staff," I grinned, "really that big a deal?"
"Yes, actually. But there is more. The four children as well, and perhaps other stuff. It may take decades to settle, and I need to get a structure set up before things get crazy in the divine realms."
"Jiao-long said I attract trouble. Boy, was that an understatement."
"True, while semi-divine could have happened from that divine staff with anyone, you managed to go full divine. Don't worry, at least, not yet. While you are considered cheeky by a number of powers, they also see you are not ambitious, even if dangerous. I doubt you mortals will be targeted. The children, however, are the vulnerable ones. But if they decide to let them live, you will get to bring them up. Don't worry, you will have help. Now, I must go and see An."
She kissed me, and instead of going straight into an orgasm, I instead went to just after, in the post-orgasmic bliss. I closed my eyes, sighed, and fell asleep.
I woke cold, in the dark. Saying to myself, "I am Isis," I then caused a small light to appear, I realized I was in the sauna. Maybe I should have done something about that. I got up, and walked out. I mentally said, "I am Becky Sue." As before, the light went out. I waited until tonight to tell Filipe.
"What do you mean, you're pregnant?"
"Just what I said. Twin girls."
"How is this possible?"
"Magic. Back in Libya, there was a magic event that I noticed. Investigating, I found an ancient, yet still living, dismembered penis. That night, something happened, and I felt some magic happening in my body. After that, I forgot, apparently by magic also, and only learned about it today. Seems one of the girls kicked or something."
"This is going to throw everything into chaos."
"Don't I know it.
"So what do we do?"
"First, I'll call my agent to let him know I am not available for in-person or video stuff. Next, I'll look for a doctor that can check me out and keep quiet. In the meantime, we should invite Mark, Angel, and Jewel over. It's only fair they know, as they told us. More must wait."
"Okay, I'll invite them."
"Thanks, Filipe." With a kiss, and a cuddle, we went to sleep.
At breakfast, I said we needed to tell the staff. We decided to tell them just after lunch. I went to my own office, and began to look up recently retired doctors that could check me over. I wanted someone who could come to me. It turned out the third one I contacted was willing to. He would be over tomorrow afternoon. My agent, on the other hand, just asked how long I would be out. I said I figured at least a year, but I could do voice acting from my home studio. Later, Filipe told me they would join us on the weekend.
I had Cindy meet the doctor, and I monitored his thoughts as he answered.
"Doctor Barnes, we are concerned about your discretion concerning celebrities. Can you reassure us about keeping this between yourself and the patient?"
He replied, "Of course. I still recommend the patient go to a hospital."
Cindy was about to ask another question, when I walked in. "Thank you Cindy. I am satisfied with his discretion."
"Yes, ma'am. Call when you need me." She then left.
"Doctor, as you can see, I am pregnant. I have twin girls, about four to five months along. Don't ask how I know. I just do."
"Your girth does seem to match your description. Why all the secrecy?"
"Do you know who I am?"
"Yes. I watched the award show, and loved your winning a tie. Great quick change, by the way."
"And have you heard anything about my medical situation?"
"No, why?"
"I donated my ovaries after my last child was born. I should not be able to get pregnant, yet I am."
"I see. Could they have missed part of one?"
"No. I have way too much sex to not have learned that before now. Besides, I am of an age I should not be getting pregnant."
"I see. So you have no explanation?"
"Actually I do, but I don't want to tell you beyond saying I don't think it will affect things. Also, you wouldn't believe me without a lot of effort on my part that I don't want to do. I am satisfied if you treat it as a normal pregnancy, as twins at my age can be. I have eight children already, including a set of twins, so I am familiar with the usual."
"I see. I can come here and examine you. But all I have now is my bag. Also, homes don't have a good way to examine you."
"Then bring the bag and follow me." I headed to the elevator, and we went to the gym. "This is my gym. Somewhat larger than most, as I do a lot of work here. The headlines about my time at some gym or other is mostly me playing and having sex at a gym. The real workout happens here. Some call these torture machines. Given how they can hold your body, I think some might be usable as a makeshift exam stage." As I was talking, I headed over to one machine for legwork. "Consider this machine. Do you think it might do?"
"Maybe. I have a hard time visualizing it, as it is so strange."
"Then let me show you." I quickly removed my dress, folded it and lay it aside. I then got on, and set the machine to hold my legs apart. "The machine is locked in position. Please see if you can examine me."
"It doesn't bother you to be nude? Someone could walk in at any time."
"I often do a few hours at a time, and like now, half the time, I am naked. I am not bothered. Can you do the exam?"
He moved about a bit, but finally said, "Yes. I think so. Still, things are pretty limited."
"I'll look into that. Could you examine me now, and let me know what you think? Also, how soon would you want to see me again?"
"I am loathe to do an exam now, due to insurance and legal issues."
"Tell you what. I authorize this exam, and you can learn what you will. If you do not prescribe anything, and don't make any recommendations other than 'I really need to see a doctor', then you have no liability."
"Even touching you might be a problem. There is no female here to verify I did nothing wrong."
"In that case, wait a few moments. Cindy will be here. As to being touched, I think your lawyer could show I am inappropriately touched openly several times a week by my own choice, thus, not a credible charge."
"I have heard that..."
Just then Cindy came in. "You called?"
"Yes. The doctor is concerned about examining me alone."
She giggled, and said, "He doesn't know you very well. Does he?"
"Even so. Would you stay and watch?"
"Sure."
"Okay, doctor, you may begin."
"This is highly irregular..."
"So am I." I then smiled, obviously waiting.
He took a deep breath, then sighed. He opened his bag, and began to examine me. Finally, he put everything back, and said, "You are right. You have twins, and I don't see anything that causes me concern. But remember, this is a courtesy opinion, and not an official one."
"I understand. When can you come back, officially?"
"It will take some paperwork, and some other things need to be cleared up. It will take a little up front money, and -"
Interrupting, I said, "Cindy, cut him a check for five thousand. Doc? That should be more than enough, and as I will be wanting your services several times, consider it a retainer. If you need more, see Cindy."
"Huh? I've never -"
"You are a professional, like a lawyer. They do it all the time. Don't worry about it. So, would two weeks be good?"
"Better make it three. Even then, I'm not sure everything will be ready."
"Okay. I'll see you in three weeks."
Cindy spoke up and said, "I'll see you out, doctor." He went with Cindy, and I got dressed. I decided to remake one of the upstairs guest rooms into an exam room. I had the feeling the ladies would be here, and if I could set up a mini-clinic here, things would be a lot simpler. I made some calls, and found a company that sets up suburban clinics, and had one of their salesmen pay me a call. He would be by the next day. I also thought about how things might be in a month or so.
When Cindy answered the door, I was already near. I hit him with a whammie to not notice my condition. "Please come with me, I would like to show you something." I went upstairs, and showed him the room. "I am thinking of funding some clinics to help out women in need of prenatal care. This room is a little larger than the exam rooms I have seen. Can you set this room up as you would an exam room at a clinic?"
"Yes, but we would need at least a letter of intent, and a down-payment before we could do more than cardboard models."
"I see. Can you use your computer, and show me what should be here? And can you describe all the expensive items, and the choices? Be sure to include the competition, as I want to hear the pros and cons of them all."
"I suppose..." Since he seemed to be hesitating, I whammied him again to be more eager for a sale by telling me what I wanted to know. I also opened my mind to listen to him, so I could get a truer evaluation of the items. "... Okay, I can do that." He got out a laptop, and began to show me everything. We went from the most expensive item first, as it drove a lot of choices for the other things. I worked on creating a pretend purchase order. Once all the equipment was in it, I had him stock it with everything. While he could stock it with a lot of stuff, he could not order the medicine on my say so.
"Tell you what. Go ahead and place that order now, with expedited delivery and installation. I want it functional in two-and-a-half weeks. I also want a complete list of the medical supplies needed for a clinic, so I can find another way for that. Also, send someone tomorrow that I can learn the needs for the layout with this order. I want to be sure the room is ready when the equipment comes." I then presented one of my company credit cards, and as he was well prepared, he was able to process it right there.
I took him back down in the elevator, remarking that the equipment can be brought up this way. Just before opening the door, I whammied him to think this was an ordinary transaction, not worthy of mentioning except to ensure it got expedited.
The next day, one of the installers came by to see the room, which was empty by now. I said, "Here is the room. What changes need to be made so it will be ready when the equipment comes?"
"Well, the rug has to go. Tile is needed. Also, a small sink, more shelves for storage."
"I'll take care of that. Do you have a layout? Will the tile need to have holes for things to bolt in, or for electrical power?"
"I'll need to measure the space. Is that closet going to remain?"
"If you wish."
"Then the door needs to slide into the wall. If it could be made into a small bathroom, with a shower, it could be used as a changing room, and a place to clean up if needed."
"I'll see to it. What about power? Right now it is standard house power. Do you need anything else?"
"No. The measurements are enough for now."
"Great. When you send me the layout, please indicate the power requirements needed, as well as anything else needed."
After he left, I removed the carpet, did a little research and then made up a batch of mud to hold the tile down. I used telekinesis to spread it, and then I created strong-but-pretty tiles and placed them. Then I placed a call to an HVAC company, as I wanted the room's ventilation to be filtered at a hospital level. I called a plumber to install a shower, sink, and toilet a few days from now. As the room had a window, I created a chimney next to it, to hold the extra pipes and duct-work. I left it open on the outside for easy access, and I would close it up after they finished. When the tradesmen finished, this exam room and adjoining bathroom would have separate ventilation, and plumbing, along with a power panel connecting to the main power panel.
The duct-work went in quickly, but getting hospital grade ventilation took several days, as the HVAC company had to fiddle with it a lot before it stayed in the good zone. When the layout came, I put in all the cabinetry, magically creating it. The plumber was called to install the second sink, and the electrician to wire everything up. While waiting for them, I measured, and outlined everything in tape, with a tape label outside the outline saying what went where. I also made differently colored rectangles to show where outlets needed to go. I then plotted paths to the walls following the joists, and put PVC pipe in, along with another hole in the wall where they met, so I could put a PVC elbow on the PVC pipe to let the electrician wire up the power. I labeled every wall spot as to what power was needed. I told the electrician not to worry about the walls, as they would be redone within a week, hiding everything. By the time the equipment arrived, all was ready to accept it.
It wasn't all work on the exam room. Our dinner together was interesting. I waited until after dinner to break the news that I was pregnant with twins. As expected, the men left. "Let's go to the sauna and talk there."
Angel and Jewel immediately got up, and by the time we got there, we were naked and just walked in, enjoying the heat. We all got comfortable, and chatted about it for a bit, before I dropped a bombshell. "Ladies, I know whose children we carry." They both focused on me, expectantly. "It was in Libya, as you know. What you don't know is that the night we examined the penis I found, our memories were suppressed. You didn't look at it a bit, put it away, and then me to bed. No. You played with it, and noting it was warm, you used it on each other as a very realistic dildo. Then you used it on me. Apparently, when you came, it released a little sperm, and that is how you became pregnant. I, on the other hand, needed a bit more. It is likely why my orgasm was so much more intense. Oh, sorry about your hand. But that intensity also squeezed it dry, so to speak.
"You know I recognized it as Osiris's penis. Well, it's not dead, even now. It is, however, very dormant, slowly gathering magic and recovering from our encounter. It also tapped my own magic, and connected both of you to me. I have spoken to Inanna about this, and she said not to worry, but these children are special. We can deal with that later, when they are born. In the meantime, she is sending me a midwife priestess. As you are both young, and have kids only a few years old, your being pregnant will surprise no one. I, on the other hand, am known to be barren. I must hide my pregnancy from the world. After they are old enough, I can announce them as adopted.
"To help in my deception, I have engaged a retired doctor to handle the birth. Additionally, I am remaking one of the guest rooms into an exam room. It should be ready quite soon. I'll show it to you then. There is something else. Our four kids will be siblings. I know you two have been raising your kids as a single family, no matter who bears them. I would like my two to join your family in almost the same way. I want them to feel as though we three are their mothers, and Mark and Filipe are their fathers. However, it won't work if you don't want it deep in your hearts, as well. The guys need to embrace it also, and your kids, if they can understand."
Jewel said, "Angel, do you think we should merge our families? You know, with the five of us being the parents for all the kids?"
"That is a thought. But her older kids might not see it that way."
I said, "They each have their own families, who are also growing up. I don't think it will be an issue, but you are welcome to ask."
"Then let's do it. I know Mark would like more opportunities with Becky Sue."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. You kind of impressed him. Especially with your tongue."
"He he. Angel?"
"I am in favor of it, as well, now that you mentioned the older kids have their own concerns. But this is not a decision to be made in a day."
"Agreed. If you can choose before we give birth, that would be plenty of time."
With that question asked, we wandered to other topics, mostly about my own plans, as I already knew theirs.
It was two hours later when the men returned. They joined us in the sauna, and I immediately said, "Filipe? Go sit between the ladies, and entertain them. Mark? Come here. I hear you want a rematch."
Mark asked, "Rematch?" I just smiled and then pushed my tongue all the way out, slowly. His eyes got big, and he got instantly hard. I just beckoned him close with my finger, then used my tongue to pull him into my mouth. After that, he was a lost cause. Meanwhile, the ladies were having fun double-teaming Filipe. Conversation kind of died out, but we had fun for another hour. Unfortunately, they had to go home to relieve the babysitter.
When the doctor came to examine me, I led him upstairs to the examination room. "This is amazing. Just like a clinic, and good quality stuff."
"Why not take your time looking about. There's a restroom through that door."
He went there, and marveled at the shower. "This is even better." He looked at all the machinery, and after fifteen minutes, said, "Enough of this. I can look later. Shall we begin?"
I went into the restroom, removed my clothes, put on a paper smock, and then mounted the chair. By then, he had gloves on, and instruments out. "Let's begin." He proceeded to examine me with the instruments at hand, often commenting how nice it was to use good equipment. After a while, he finished and told me to dress.
As we were about to leave the room, I asked, "Do you need anything else here?"
"You had plenty of supplies, but there were no medicines."
"I know. When I set this up, they wouldn't sell me that."
"This place should really have medicines, in case something happens."
"Would you be willing to place the order? It's all set up on my computer."
"Well, let's see..."
So I took him through my bedroom, and into my office. I brought up the order, and let him sit down and check it out. "That's a lot of medicine. For you."
"Well, I have two thoughts on that. One is that I will need access to that room for several months, but the other is that I have two friends who might be staying for a while, and they could benefit from the exam room also."
"So we might have three patients? That's still a lot of medicine for three."
"Tell you what. I'll send the order to you by email, and you revise it for the worst case for three. Sign it with your credentials, and they will send it to me, here. Good?"
"I can live with that, but I don't have the cash to pay for that order."
"Don't worry, it's on a corporate account I have for such. You won't be billed, but I expect they will check up on your credentials."
"In that case, I can probably get it done tomorrow or the next day."
I sent the email, and then walked him to the door.
I saw him twice more before Inanna spoke with me. She came in person, and suggested we go swimming. I was surprised to find Angel and Jewel there. Inanna said, "I invited them, as this concerns the three of you."
I said, "The time has come, then?"
"Yes. Ladies, let's get comfortable in the jacuzzi."
Angel said to Jewel as they undressed and got in, "Sounds big. Wonder what it's about?"
"I don't know. Come on, let's get in and let's find out."
"Right."
I was the only one not sitting on a seat, yet my head was about the same height as the others. It's great to be tall, sometimes. Inanna began, "Becky Sue knows some of what I am about to say, but I asked her to be silent until things were a little firmer. Your children are not exactly human."
Both their eyes got big. Jewel asked, "You knew about this?"
"Yes. But there is more."
All eyes turned to Inanna. "Yes ladies, more. You all got pregnant in Libya, from Osiris's divine staff." We all smiled at the reference. "What you don't realize, is that you will bear divine children."
"What!" Angel continued, "Sorry. I didn't mean to shout, but our kids will be gods?"
"Not quite. Your two kids will be semi-divine. They might be immortal, and they will be powerful. As my priestesses, I will be soon giving you some additional training to help handle them. Ultimately, you cannot force them, as they will be too strong, but the bonds of love are stronger. I want you to raise them to be the best they can be. Teach them everything, including magic. Discover their desires and strengths, and help them cover their weaknesses. At times, I will guide you. Expect them to be overachievers. And instead of summer camp, they will go to god camp. They need to learn their place, and how to get along with others, else many could be harmed, or even die.
"Becky Sue, the same applies to you, but more so. For your kids are full goddesses. It will be harder on you, and your age won't help, yet you are already an overachiever, so I think you will do fine. An said you will need to subtly use his power to help curb their exuberance."
Jewel said, "You get full goddesses. How'd that happen?"
"We don't know, but Inanna thinks my overlong orgasm and link to Isis has something to do with it."
"Yes. But don't envy her. She has two at once, and they won't be twice as strong. Oh no, they will be far stronger. Still, she can call on several of us."
Angel said, "Wow, we're bringing new gods into the world. I wonder what that means?"
She was surprised when Inanna spoke. "It means change, and as immortals, we don't like sudden change. The last two months, I have been quite busy. I have met the Celestial Emperor, to help set things up in as peaceful a manner as possible. There are several others that need to be invited, and a neutral place found. We also need to meet soon, before you give birth. That is why I have come. I need to know you will be there. It could be a day, or it could be a month."
I said, "I am already out of the limelight. I can make it easy enough."
Jewel said, "Our pregnancy means neither of us is doing anything at the moment. So we can be there also." Angel nodded to agree.
"Good. Finding a neutral place is going to be a bitch. Too many places have too much meaning to one god or another. Offense might be taken by some. It will likely have to be someplace in the wilderness where people are not."
They spoke about what would happen at the meeting, and about who would come. I paid sufficient attention so I could go over it later, but something she said had sparked an idea. I had to think through the ramifications first, but finally I was ready.
"Queen Inanna. Might I propose a meeting place?"
She raised her eyebrows at me, but then nodded.
"Death Valley is a wilderness, yet it is a place I have a link with. I think I can get it cleared of people for such a time, and no one would really notice."
"Hmm. An interesting idea. What of your guardian?"
"I can task him with keeping people away so we won't be disturbed. And we can use the garden gate to get there without anyone knowing."
"You have a gate?"
"Actually two, but the one in the garden is to Death Valley. Do you want to look at it?" I saw her nod, so I passed her the location and trigger.
She turned her head to look over there, and concentrated for a bit. "Oh, that is good. Did you find it in one of those books?"
"Not exactly. I used them to research it, then used your magical knowledge to refine my understanding. I wanted something simple to use, but not too dangerous to have near. The other end is even harder to find, and it is not close to anything."
"That will be useful when teaching the children. Have you used it?"
"Many times. My student would often visit for a lesson, or I would go there. But I did a lot of testing before I sent anything live through it."
"Good. Enough about that. I think your idea has merit. In fact, your link will be a good thing, as it means you have a bigger stake in things."
"Remember that glass table I made for us last time we were there?"
"Yeah..."
"I could make a larger table, and glass chairs or thrones to accommodate the meeting. I could also make fiberglass pavilions for each group, and they could fill it with whatever they wanted."
"I like your thinking. Hosting them with everything made of glass. Symbolic of fragility, yet of your native power and not another god's. I like it. I'll float the idea about and see what comes of it."
"I could personalize things, or would it be better to give everyone the same?"
"... I think the same, but in several sizes and shapes, so they can choose which they want."
"Can you guide me on that?"
"I think An would be better, as he is better versed in such things. But that is a very good idea. Now that that's settled, it is time for some serious business. Who wants to be -"
I realized where she was going, so I quickly took a deep breath, and ducked underwater, and proceeded to eat her out. It didn't take long for the others to understand, so they attacked her tits. I had a feeling we might be here a while, so I drew in a little of An's power to extend my breath, and I proceeded to push my tongue into her. I could feel everyone getting close, even me. Seems Angel and Jewel each had a hand on my breast, and another on Inanna's. She had her hands on their breasts. It didn't take long for her to take charge, but we all expected it. First, I felt the ladies come, then I came, then Inanna came. I feared I would have to come up for air, but I was able to maintain just enough air with An's power to breathe. I also noticed one of the bubble streams was bent and went straight into my nose.
I felt a subtle order from Inanna to switch to Angel, so I pushed my tongue into her vagina and began eating her out. The others shifted, and a new pattern formed. Again, we had a slow, even longer buildup, until we came. It lasted longer this time. Again we shifted, and this time I was eating out Jewel. Before I came, I remembered Filipe said I had some new techniques, so I also pulled a little of her power and planned my next move. The wait seemed to be forever, but the reward of coming was worth it. It was even better than before.
As soon as we recovered enough, we shifted. But I moved fast, and began eating Inanna out, while placing my vagina in her face, out of the water. I could tell she was surprised, but Angel and Jewel just came together. Each nibbled on my nipples, and had one hand on my breast with the other hand on Inanna's breast. She was playing with their breasts, while eating me out. I somehow knew this would be the last, so I worked extra hard on her, and she responded on us. The orgasm built quickly, but she didn't allow us to come just yet. More buildup, and more, until she finally let us. We all came hard, even her. We fell apart after that, and took our time to recover.
After about five minutes, I felt strong enough to sit up. Jewel squeaked, and Angel quickly drew in her breath. I just shook my head, then scooted over to lean on a wall.
Angel said, "How did you do that? You must have been underwater for nearly half an hour."
Inanna said, "Try two and a half hours." Their eyes turned to her in shock. "She also serves An."
I saw their lack of understanding, so I said, "Air is one of his domains. I used his power, and some bubbles went to me rather than up. It also extended the time I could last before needing another breath."
"Well, it is time for me to go, so..." Inanna then kissed each of us in turn, and we each came. By the time we could focus, she was gone.
I started practicing creating tents with glass. It didn't go well. I later looked into it, and realized fiberglass needs resin or epoxy to be flexible. I wound up creating glass walls filled with sand to block the view. For shade, I created glass umbrellas on a pillar with a wide base. With scattered bits of sand in the pillar, it was mostly transparent. With the base buried under three inches of sand, you would not see it, yet it kept the device steady. Add some light glass chairs, using sand to indicate where the chair was, could let people sit comfortably in shade. I also practiced making throne-like chairs.
Inanna sent word within a week that Death Valley was accepted as neutral ground. I contacted my student and said I needed to close the park to the public and keep people out, so I could have an important meeting without witnesses. He indicated he didn't have the means to do that. I said I had an idea, and that he should look into what might be done with the least notice, and when. I indicated it could be as long as two months, but would end before a certain date (my due date). He was curious why that date was important, but I told him I was not at liberty to say.
Next, I looked up the closing time of the park Mato Hatathli worked at. I called an hour later.
"Hello Becky Sue. What's up?"
"I need a favor. Kind of big, but in your domain, sort of."
"Oh? You have me curious."
"Can I meet you? We need to talk in person. I can get to your cabin, or the park in moments. Where are you?"
"Actually, I'm in D.C. at the annual fall meeting for the Bureau of Land Management."
"Oh! Umm... I'll need to use a different way, but are you alone?" I started heading to my other gate.
"No, I'm at a restaurant having dinner with some of the guys."
"Can you leave them for a bit, and get alone out of sight for a few moments?"
"Yes, why?"
"You'll see. Another surprise. Oh, by the way, what kind of dress is appropriate?" By now, I was at the gate. I used a spell to send my clothes to my room.
"Pretty nice, an evening gown with jewelry would be appropriate."
"Can you get alone now?" I cast the spell again to dress appropriately. I also cast an illusion of not being pregnant. I also picked up a teleport kit, with a switched-off burn phone, and a corporate card, some cash, and jewels.
"Give me a few moments... Okay. What now?"
"Watch." I then activated the gate key, and when it focused on him, I hung up and put the phone down. Then I stepped through.
He was looking at his phone, wondering why I hung up, then looked up. "What!" He looked about to see if anyone noticed. I had already done that, and whammied the only one who saw to forget what he saw.
"I made a gate for longer distance travel. One way, but often getting back is easier to handle."
Only then did he realize what I was wearing. "Woah, killer outfit. You'll impress the locals. We won't be able to openly talk."
"I know. But we can talk mentally. Don't worry, I can keep a conversation going at the same time. Can we go back to the table?"
As we neared, we heard a few comments about my appearance, including, "Hey Mato, who's your friend?"
"This is Becky Sue." I quickly sent to Mato, to refer to me as a student he taught sand painting to. "She learned to sand paint from me."
"Oh! That's interesting. Did it take long to learn?"
I said, "There are two parts to learn. Physically placing the sand wasn't too hard, but learning the mental techniques that go with it took a lot more effort. And as Mato will tell you, when I did, the paintings had a qualitative change for the better."
Mato said, "Hey, make room. Becky Sue, would you like something to eat?"
While they moved their chairs, and grabbed another, I looked and saw they already had their dinner, so I said, "Perhaps a slice of pie, and a glass of wine." Soon, my order was in, and a minute later delivered.
I partook of the small talk, but most of my focus was on Mato. Using my telepathy, we talked. "Mato, I need to kick people out of Death Valley for up to two months, soon. You are a senior ranger at your national park, so you know what would have to happen to get what I want. I need your advice on how to get it done. I'll handle all the arm twisting and negotiation, but I need your inside knowledge to achieve it."
"That is a big favor. The good news is that the people you really need to see are in town for the meeting. Why do you need to get folks out?"
"I am a priestess. My goddess needs to hold a meeting of several deities on neutral ground, and an empty wilderness is a good place. However, we don't want people about."
"Yikes! Might be nice to be a fly on the wall, but it is better to be far away. That's the kind of meeting where you don't want to get attention. How come you know about this?"
"I am squarely in the cross-hairs. So are two of my friends, and we'll be there, the only humans."
We continued to talk, and I learned one of the people I needed to see was at the table. I decided to let that person take me to his room. I also privately asked Mato to rent a room for me, handing my card to him under the table so he could get it quickly. When we left, I did go with the guy. Later, when he went to sleep after sex, I headed to Mato's room, and entered.
"How'd you get into my room?"
"One of my talismans is a master thief. He taught me a few things."
"Oh... here I was expecting some special magical way of bypassing the door."
"Not everything is supernatural. I came to get my card and room key."
"I put them here by the phone. Sorry, but all they had was the penthouse. Kind of expensive."
"Not a problem. And if people recognize me, it would be appropriate. I walked over and picked them up. "Thanks. Can we meet for breakfast?"
"Sure."
"I'll see you then."
Over the next few days, I met a lot of people, and got Death Valley to close for maintenance for the time I needed. Rangers would still be there, but keeping people out. It turned out to be easier than I thought, since late fall had little public visitation. So making it none was relatively easy. To get home, I turned off the phone, then left before dawn using Isis's flight. I focused on heading to Death Valley, and used my link to navigate to it. Once there, I homed in on the gate, and from there stepped into my garden. Once home, I relaxed by the pool, and told Inanna of my success, and the dates it would be clear of people.
I practiced making glass tents and furniture, until I was able to make them fancy, usable, and comfortable. Soon, Inanna gave me a date, and I went a few days before to set up the table, tents, chairs, and umbrellas. I verified how many I needed and the locations before starting. I had asked, and found that all parties are responsible for their own sanitary needs. So I sent a Pocket Industry without the oxygen collection gear to Death Valley, and placed it adjacent to the gate. That left plenty of room for the three of us. I placed the tent over the gate to my home, yet left the Pocket Industry's solar panels open to the sky. The tent had some rooms inside with a portable air conditioning and some spaces for resting and eating for the day. All was ready the day before, and the other tents were equally spaced about the meeting table. Each tent had two umbrellas flanking them, with a number of chairs and tables near each. My tent was also about ten percent smaller, so they would see I knew I was less than them.
I had another small tent at home, covering the gate and some of the garden. I had a metal table for Cindy to load up with food, and a phone that I used to contact for her. Angel and Jewel joined me, and I gave them both a magnetic anklet so they could also use the gate. Our chairs at the table were simpler than the rest, but in our tent they were designed for pregnant women. We slept there overnight, and rested in the shade when everyone arrived. Inanna was first, and she welcomed all that came. An, Aja, and Everest I recognized. I was surprised Lord Monkey came for the Celestial Emperor. He brought Jiao-long as his aide. An and Inanna were in the same tent, as they represented a single pantheon. Everest and Aja each had tents. I recognized the Norse contingent by the designs, but also by the kegs of ale they brought. There was a Celtic contingent, a Mezzo-American contingent, a North-American contingent, and a Hindu contingent. The last two tents were for lesser powers that chose to attend, and eight different ones came at one time or another.
While Inanna ran the meeting, An spoke for the Sumerian gods. All the major powers had a contingent of servants and aides. Once all the major powers arrived, Inanna called the meeting to order. When she had our attention, she told the bare facts. That Osiris's lost genitals had been found, and that the three of us were made pregnant by it. More importantly, I was carrying full-divine twins, while the other two were carrying semi-divine kids. She then threw it open for discussion. From time to time, questions were thrown my way. I answered truthfully what was asked, but made no opinions or comments. I did so in a respectful manner, as I didn't want to draw attention to me, as a person.
The third day, Aja asked me, "Mortal, what would you do if we chose to destroy these offspring?"
I was stunned, but after a moment, I said, "I would resist. As a mother, I will protect them if I can."
"Do you think you could stop us?"
"Not by force. I might be able to reason with you. But I would have almost no hope to do so."
"What about later, when they are no longer children?"
I took a moment for thought, then said, "Once they have chosen to assume full responsibility for themselves, I will advocate for them, but leave it to them to defend themselves. Before then, I will do all I can to protect them. I will also teach them to fight."
"Powers, she knows the futility of opposing us, yet that will not stop her from trying, if we decide to destroy them. However, once they are adults, she will not oppose us. She may be right, for if we destroy before we know what they are like, we will be guilty of acting on fear and not knowledge." That was all on the subject for a while, but I soon realized Aja was helping me by shifting action to a later time.
Almost a week later, a decision was made to do nothing now, but to keep an eye on them, should something occur. Two days later, An volunteered to oversee us, as I was already one of his. That afternoon, the matter was closed, and five minutes later, only three visitors were left: Inanna, Monkey, and Jiao-long. The ladies had returned to my home and then to their home. Inanna told me I could strike the tents and all, so I broke off and began returning all the glass to sand of the desert, except for my tent. When that was done, Inanna left.
"Well, gentlemen, I am glad to see you, even if it has been a stressful meeting. Is there something more I can assist you with?"
Monkey said, "My Emperor wants to know a bit more about you, and has asked me to spend some time with you."
"While we can do that here, would you prefer to do so at my home, instead? There are far more comforts there, including a large swimming pool, and a professional cook to provide food."
"That sounds nice. Yes, we would like to visit."
"Then follow me." I went into the tent, and headed to the gate. I stopped short, and said, "If you will step five feet more, you will be in range of the gate. Jiao-long did, and Monkey followed. I then walked over to them and stood. A few seconds later, we were at my place, and I led them out.
Jiao-long said, "So that was your first gate?"
"Yes. Not easy to find, yet simple to activate if you know how. You can study it later if you want. In the meantime, let's go in and let them know we are here, and learn what Tammy has decided to make tonight."
I was surprised when Jiao-long introduced Lord Monkey as Mr. E., a Taoist monk. I cracked a grin, but no one else noticed. I introduced Filipe, Cindy, and Tammy. We ate outside, and it was an excellent Brazilian meal. Afterwards, the others went in, but the three of us talked for hours. I learned that one of the reasons they came was to sound me out as a mother and how I raised my children. The Emperor was concerned I would let them have too much freedom, and that they might get wild.
Late in the evening, Monkey said, "The Emperor would like to place a servant in your household, as a way to keep an eye on the young ones. Would you allow that?"
"Let me guess. If I said no, there would still be a watcher, just a little farther away. Right?"
"I told you she would guess."
"That you did, friend, that you did."
"Thought so. Tell you what. I suspect a number of powers will want a watcher. I will allow it, but I have some conditions."
Monkey asked, "And they are?"
"I am mainly a priestess of Inanna. A lot of nudity and sex happens here. Whoever is assigned needs to be comfortable with that. They also need to understand that I will likely offer sex with him or her from time to time. Next, I don't want someone who just stands around and doing nothing. They need to work in this household. Be it maintenance, gardening, or some kind of tutor for the kids or me. Another thing, they need to be able to blend in sufficiently with the locals that no one will question their constant presence. And the last, this is my home, not some random business place. My husband and I rule here. If I say they must go, then they will. I will allow some time for a replacement to arrive, but the sooner the better."
"That sounds reasonable. I don't know if he will go for it, but I will recommend it."
"I expect some of the others will want a similar watcher. It would be best if they weren't here all the time, and that they know they are not here to run our lives, but to assist while watching."
"You are right. The others will likely want watchers also."
"Find people who can fit in with my family as my current help does, and it should be fine. Cindy likes to join in when several are having sex. Tammy likes to watch. Henry likes to pretend all the nudity and sex is beneath comment as he does his butler stuff, but he notices everything. However, he is part time, mostly when big parties happen. They are all good friends. I would like your watchers to also be friends."
"There may be a lot of watchers, if the others send them also. It could get crowded."
"Inanna and I already have plans in the works for the other ladies to move closer. Recently, I bought the place next door, and plan on renovating it. I think I can also get the other neighbor's place. The watchers could stay there. I can make it a private business with apartments to make it seem legit, and with a small parking lot and a sign, the neighbors shouldn't worry about it."
Jiao-long said, "That would put all four kids close, and a lot easier for you to raise out of sight of prying eyes."
"Yes, Inanna wants me to teach them magic, and An wants me to use his authority to keep them in line. I will when I must, but they will soon surpass me, and then the only control I will have is the respect and love they give me. So we intend on being parents they grow to respect and love."
Monkey said, "I think watchers who are teachers will be most useful, once they are old enough to learn. Jiao-long, is there anything else you can think of that we need to discuss?"
"No."
"Then it is time to go." We all got up, and then he said, "Jiao-long, you have that flight spell ready?"
"I do."
I said, "Flight spell?"
Monkey replied, "Yes. If you could return us to the desert, we could save a bit of a trip."
I thought a bit, then looking at Jiao-long, I said, "I can offer you a shorter trip."
"Your other gate?"
"Yes. But you would have to direct it, as I don't have much in either of your realms to connect with, that won't be problematic."
Monkey asked, "What is this other gate?"
"I created a gate so I could travel to Jiao-long's home, but I had no sure destination, so I linked it to a scrying sensor. But arriving too close to a place can have its own problems. Of the few portals I know, I don't think I have a clear enough understanding to be sure I have the right one. Jiao-long, on the other hand, I am sure knows many suitable places."
"I do, now that you mention it."
"So, want to try it?"
They both said, "Yes," then Monkey asked, "Why do you reveal this?"
"Two reasons. First, to show I am more capable in magic than you thought. I think it best the Emperor knows, but no other. And second, to show you it is one way, and thus not a vulnerability. It can be a quick escape if we need it to be."
"I see. By this, you also show the Emperor you are no magical pushover."
"I am not, as Jiao-long can attest. Come follow me to the shed."
Opening the door, I turned on the light, and asked them to come in while I closed the door. Then I lifted the trap door, and climbed down the hole. They followed. I then used a few puffs of air to softly close the trap door. Inside they saw my magical library.
Jiao-long said, "This is her library. Better than mine, but not as good as Master Chang's. Yet, she does not seek power. Perhaps, that is why it keeps being given to her."
"Jiao-long, before you try to activate it, see if you can locate it. It is not in the glass room."
"Still trying to impress me, huh?"
"Yes. I've added a better screen to everything down here."
"Well then, let's see." He then did a quick spell, and looked around. "Odd. Nothing seems magical down here. Let me try another." After three more spells, he said, "Damn woman. I can't find any sign of magic, even though I know you have some, and can see the picture. How'd you get so good?"
"I've been learning from the other tattoo. Difficult, but good results. No?"
"Master Zhāng will want to learn this enchantment."
"No doubt, but please don't tell him. I see too much potential harm in casually allowing the secret out, and I see him pestering me until he gets it, if he knows I have it."
"You're right. He's seen me a few times about it. Your secret is safe with me."
Monkey said, "I must mention this to the Emperor, but otherwise, I will keep your secret if I can, and will advise him of your concerns."
"Understood, and thank you. Jiao-long, go ahead and activate it."
"There is a fountain, outside the imperial city, at a local winery I buy wine from. I have often relaxed there. Let's see if I can see it." He stepped up to the picture, and soon it showed the fountain. "How do I open the gate. Oh, it responded to my desire."
"Not quite. I carry a special token, and opened the gate for you."
"Okay. Well then, shall we go?" Monkey nodded, and they left.
I wondered who would come first. Angel and Jewel came in second, followed a few hours later by the Emperor's watcher. It was Inanna's priestess midwife that made it first, the day after the meeting ended. While I offered her a guest room, she said she had already rented a room in the country. While she loved access to the pool, she was a country girl, and really liked the farm she was staying at.
As to my immediate neighbors, having a stranger offer top value for their places was sufficient enticement to move. Getting the exception for a quiet business at the one place was easier than I thought. Seems two of the three town councilors were fans of mine, and we agreed to me making a few appearances at local community things, would be all I needed. I did request a delay, but didn't say why. It only cost me an additional appearance. I'm just glad I had used an illusion spell to hide my pregnancy.
With the midwife ten minutes away, and the doctor giving the three of us regular exams, we all had easy deliveries. They were also kept quiet from the scandal sheets. I was surprised when my sense of the ladies' location changed to that of their kids. I also found I sensed my two kids, as well. It was two hours after the delivery I learned of their biological nature. All the girls showed signs of having four breasts when they grew up. The big shock was that the boy had two penises for some reason.
A month later, Filipe and I placed an ad for some help. We were keeping the current help, but with two babies and a number of watchers, there was a lot more to do. Cindy got another maid, and Henry got a driver. The maid, Lola, was Cindy's niece, and had similar proclivities for exhibition and sex. Once hired, I don't think she ever wore underwear. With the French Maid outfit that Cindy decided was the new uniform, she enjoyed herself immensely. She played innocent, and always acted surprised when a dick or fingers found their way between her legs. She didn't care that everyone knew it was an act. The driver, however, was Jamie, who loved wearing the magician's tux for a driver's outfit. She only was a B-cup, but wore a C-cup bustier, a tailcoat, fishnet stockings, hot-pants, and a chauffeur's cap. If she liked you, she would get close so you could look down her front and see her nipples.
Over the next year, seven watchers rotated visiting us. The one from the Emperor played it as though he was long suffering over our hedonistic lifestyle, but had a hard time hiding his many erections. The one from Asgard, on the other hand, was a party animal, and often brought a small keg. That one enjoyed the sex and nudity, no end. The graceful Hindu lady enjoyed having multiple partners willing and able to do the more complicated things mentioned in the Kama Sutra. She also spent a lot of the time nude at the pool. I got her to teach me Sanskrit. The others fell between, but all were willing to be friendly.
We celebrated their common first birthday with a family party. All my kids, and the grandparents on the other half's side, attended. I did pass the word that the kids were almost old enough to start noticing things, so no more open sex. If anyone wanted sex, they had to do it behind closed doors, and kind of quiet. While some were disappointed, others welcomed the news. All agreed to it, for the kids' sake.
The next day, when Filipe was minding the kids for me, I went to my magic library, and retrieved Osiris's penis. Once there, I got naked. I wasn't sure why, but I invoked Isis's talisman, and levitated into the middle of the room in a lotus position. I then began to meditate on her talisman. Again, I was not sure why, but I slowly delved into it, while also focusing on the penis I was holding. I was surprised I felt no life from the talisman when I pushed my mind into it. There seemed to be a barrier of some kind, so I pushed ever so little more until I passed it.
Now I remembered everything.
I also now knew why I didn't remember. The hidden part of my brain knew the task of raising gods of us would be nigh impossible. Over the months, this hidden part had acted like a subconscious part of my mind, but it was working on the problem. The solution was to gain divinity in a way, and so it sought out the living goddess, Isis. Somehow, I needed to enlist her help, which is why I was holding Osiris's penis.
I found myself teetering very high above the Field of Reeds. I engaged her power of flight, and my arms grew feathers. Then I willed myself beside her sleeping body. I felt a powerful draw to merge into her mind like last time, but I resisted it. A few seconds after I landed beside her, the draw went away, as if sensing my desire. I reached out and touched her shoulder. Nothing. I gently nudged it. Then I shook it hard. She was deeply asleep.
Suddenly, I knew what she needed. I was holding it in my other hand, so I placed it in hers, and said, "I found Osiris. Please wake." While there was no outward sign, I felt... something. So I waited.
Over the next ten minutes, she started to breathe, albeit very slowly. As I waited, it sped up toward normal, but at an agonizing pace. Twenty minutes later, her breathing was normal for a sleeping person. I said, "Wake up, Isis." This time, it was enough. She slowly opened her eyes. Barely moving, she looked at my naked body, smiled and licked her lips. Then she realized something was in her hands. She lifted it, and looked.
She cried out, "Osiris!" and sat up. Looking at me, she asked, "Where?"
"Historians found a temple of Seth. As I was nearby, I felt a disturbance in the protections, so I investigated. I found it, desiccated, but barely living. I supplied water and healing, and it was restored to virility."
"Why then would you wake me? After what I have done to you, I would think you would hate me."
"At first I did, but I soon realized your pain of loss. I marveled at your compassion in your grief. In time, the hate went away, as understanding replaced it. As to waking you, I mentioned virility?" She nodded. "I, and two others learned it was virile when we got pregnant."
Her eyes got huge. "You carry his children?"
"More. They are all a year old now. Somehow, Osiris made us forget who got us pregnant, and I only learned who when I felt one of my twin girls kicked in my womb. My goddess unraveled the truth, but swore me to silence until she could convene a meeting of powers to discuss what to do with two new full goddesses, a semi-goddess, and a semi-god. They think Osiris is nothing to worry about. Except for Inanna, they don't know you still live within me. She thinks it is best if you remain hidden."
"So why do you come here and wake me?"
"While I am powerful, as mortals go, I am no match for a goddess. I intend to do all I can to raise them well, but they will soon be beyond my control. I fear that may come before they learn to love and respect me. While Inanna will help, as will others, too much divine attention will be noticed. In this day and age, that is not a welcome thing. It is my thought that you could, since you are within me, look out through me and help me raise all four."
"You fought me before. Why allow me in now?"
"I love my children, even these. I will do all I can to protect them. Your partnership in raising them will help protect them. A number of times I have invited Inanna into my mind for one reason or other. She has respected me enough to not push me aside. If you will share, not replace, my mind, I would welcome your help."
"They are your children not mine. You would have me supplant your privilege? I welcome the thought of raising Osiris's children, but do not understand."
"While they are mine, they are fully divine, which means Osiris somehow found you here and pulled some of your nature into them. Inanna does not yet understand this, but I see no other way it could be."
She reached out to my head and placed her hand almost on my forehead, but she stopped and looked in my eyes. I took her hand gently, and placed it on my forehead. I then felt her read my thoughts over the last two years, before removing her hand.
"You truly would die for them. And fight the gods to protect them, knowing you stood no chance. You are no ordinary woman. I am humbled." She looked down for a few minutes, and I waited as I sensed she was thinking. She looked back up, and said. "Our last meeting went badly. My family is gone, and the world is strange. Now you offer me new life, and a place in this strange world."
Then she did something unexpected. She placed her hand between my breasts, and actually half an inch into my chest, and I felt power flowing in and about her talisman. Pulling her hand back, she said, "You no longer need to say you are me. You have full access to all I placed there for you, and you are now my high priestess. Don't worry, I know you serve Inanna before me, but by being my high priestess, I will be ever present within you. I will share your body and mind at times, but you will remain you and be fully aware and able to talk with me. I expect you to teach me of this time, even as I help raise your, no - our children."
"Thank you, my lady."
"Call me Isis in your thoughts. I do not stand on formality with my high priestess."
She stood up, then focusing on the penis, she cast a complicated spell, and I realized she was causing the real thing to come to her, and then I saw the one she held glow, then become erect. She petted it and said, "Osiris, I have missed you so." She seemed lost in memories for a bit. Shaking off her reflections, she said, "When I woke and saw you, I saw myself and became aroused. It has only intensified." Suddenly, her arms gained feathers, matching me. "I would feel your desire, and show you mine. Will you?"
"Yes, Isis, I would be glad to."
Placing the penis carefully on the ground, she moved into me, and wrapped me in her wings. I hugged her back with my feathered arms. I drew in some of Inanna's power, to aid me in giving her the experience she desired. When she hugged me, her head was at the level of my lower breasts, so I placed a lower nipple in her mouth. With my hands, I put one on her breast, and the other on her stomach where I slowly slid it down to her vagina. Soon, I felt her lift both of us into the sky, where we continued to caress and tease each other.
At some point, we were inverted to each other, and we were eating each other out. Then I started using my tongue. I could feel her start to come, when suddenly, I felt a tongue deep within my core, doing to me what I was doing to her. I tried to be even better than her, but it was just as good. We both came, and pushing through it, I continued to stimulate her, even nipping her clit and sticking a thumb in her ass. She copied me. I don't know how long it lasted, because I focused so hard to increase the pleasure despite my body's orgasmic response.
I blacked out from the pleasure. When I finally recovered, we were both standing on the ground, and she was holding me tight, with a bright, joyful smile. I said, "What happened? I hadn't realized you were such a capable lover."
"I am not, but you are, priestess of Inanna. When I felt how much you were giving me, and that it was better than I gave you, I magically connected us so that what I felt down there, you would feel."
"... Oh my. I was trying to outdo you, but was only outdoing myself."
She laughed a laugh of pure pleasure. "Serves you right, for outdoing a goddess." She then said, "It is time I return the last part of Osiris to his body. I shall see you in a while." She then walked off with the penis, and I found myself ascending.
I woke, still midair, and I could feel her distant attention. I knew she had also changed the inner barrier so I could think about her with my whole brain. Looking down, I saw I no longer held the penis. That's when Alex spoke. "Becky Sue, just before you woke, it faded and disappeared. What happened?"
"It is now where it belongs, and a heavy burden has been lifted. Time I get back to the kids." I unfolded, and stood, while my clothes floated up and onto me. Rather than climb, I just levitated up until I was at the top, where I resumed my mundane manner.
As I entered the house, I felt their hunger, so I went to my daughters and saw Filipe trying to feed them. "I'll get it." My top came off, and Filipe handed me the girls. A few moments later, they were content, each suckling on a nipple and staring into my smiling face.
A month later, Isis told me Osiris's body was whole. As the days passed, I felt her often looking out through my eyes. We often spoke about our concerns for the children. A few months later, she asked about my frequent sex, often with people other than Filipe. I told her one of the reasons I enjoy serving Inanna is because we both really enjoy sex. Explaining my life finally made her understand who I was, and that the fit with Inanna was true.
The girls were almost two when they stopped nursing. At that point, I made an announcement through my agent that I had adopted twin girls. After the expected hoopla, I resumed acting. At home, I was teaching all four kids with Isis's help, and the watchers were also helping, even though some had been replaced. Inanna never noticed Isis's presence, not even in my thoughts. Watching the kids grow up was fun, especially learning to use and also to hide their divinity.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!