Rachel was a slim brunette. I'd met her when she'd delivered pizza while I was playing sex games with Sue, a previous partner, and when Sue'd gone off to get married, Rachel wanted to play more games. She was sort of an exhibitionist, in that she liked being seen, but she didn't like the idea of being naked in public or anything like that.
We'd agreed that she'd come over to my place, as she had nosy roommates, and have a little fun.
I invited a couple of the pizza delivery guys, without telling Rachel. They'd been in some of the games with Sue, so they knew what to expect. Sort of. They had no idea who we were going to be playing with, but I'd asked them to hide their cars elsewhere so she didn't recognize them. Sean, Rob and Jimmy arrived before Rachel, and I had them sit on the sofa, and take off their shoes.
"I'm going to blindfold her, so she won't know you're there. Be quiet, and I'll point to you when I want you to do something," I said.
They all nodded in agreement. They'd seen a couple of my games in the past, and knew that they'd have fun if they followed my lead.
We were just chatting when there was a knock on the door. She was right on time. I looked at the guys as I got up, and Sean did the "zipping my lips closed" mime. Rob gave me a thumbs up, and I went to the door.
I opened the door, and Rachel was there. She was dressed in plain clothes, as she tended to do. I was going to work on that, but probably not today. She came in and kissed me, then let me close the door. I took the blindfold out of my pocket, and went to put it on her.
"Ooh," she said, "kinky."
"You have no idea."
Once she had her eyes covered, I took her hand and led her through to the living room, where the guys were sitting. I watched the shock on their faces, as they knew her - she worked with them, but of course they'd never expected to see her here. They were going to be seeing a lot more of her tonight.
I put her in the center of the room, then stepped away. She stood there, nervously.
"I'm going to ask you questions, and you'll answer. Honestly," I said.
She nodded.
"After you answer, you may ask me to take off an item of clothing if you'd like."
She nodded again.
"We can stop any time you want. Just take off the blindfold, and go home. OK?"
She nodded again.
"First question, why are you here?"
She shuffled nervously. "I was hoping to play some sexy games, and probably get laid."
I waited a few seconds.
"Will you take off an item of my clothing, please?"
"I think we'll remove a shoe," I said, and pointed to Sean.
He crept forward and loosened the laces on her left sneaker, lifted her foot and pulled it off and let go of her foot. She put her foot back down, and Sean put the sneaker at the side of the room out of the way. Just as quietly, he moved back.
"Second question, what's the sexiest game you've played?"
She swallowed. "That time in the bar with you and Sue. Please take off an item of my clothing."
"What did that game entail?"
I was watching the guys to see their reactions.
"I'd delivered a pizza to Sue's, and she dumped cum in my panties, then I met you two at the bar, and she told me to take off my panties in the men's room. I did, then dared her to send us a picture of her topless from in there. She did, then dared me to do the same. I did, then dared her to strip naked, send us a picture, then bring her panties back. She did that, then I had to get somebody else to take a picture of me naked. I did that, and she had to go and strip for him and let him suck her tits. She did that and I had to suck him off. Now will you please take off an item of clothing?"
The guys were really enjoying this, I could tell. They'd found the description of her behavior, even as flatly as she told it, exciting.
"You didn't cum when we were at the bar, did you?"
"No."
"How sexy can it have been then?"
"I went home and masturbated like mad. I came several times. Please take off an item of my clothing."
"OK," I said, "how about the other shoe?"
I pointed to Rob, and he took her other shoe off, putting it with the first one.
"Did telling me that turn you on?"
"Yes," she said. "Very much so. Please take off an item of clothing?"
"I think we'll take your jeans off now," I said, pointing at Jimmy.
Jimmy moved in front of her, and undid the button on her jeans, then unzipped them. He wiggled them down a bit, then pulled her panties back up where they'd come down slightly. He then went from leg to leg, bringing them down to the ground, where she held his shoulder and stepped out of them, one leg at a time. He put them with her shoes.
She was wearing dull white panties, but looked sweet and innocent in them.
"What item of clothing are you hoping I'll take off next?"
"Um, my panties? Please will you take off my panties?"
The guys were all nodding at this.
"Why do you want me to take off your panties?"
"I really want to be naked now. Please take off my panties," she said.
"Why?"
"I'm really getting turned on, and want to get on with the sex stuff. Please take off my panties."
"No," I said, "I think we'll take off your sweater."
I pointed at Sean, and he started pulling her sweater up. She put her arms up, to make it easier, and he was careful to not disturb her blindfold as he pulled it over her head. He put the sweatshirt in the pile. She had a yellow T-shirt on underneath it, and you could see she was wearing a bra.
"Back to the story. Do you like sucking guys off?"
"I guess," she said. "Please will you take off an item of clothing?"
"Not yet. What do you prefer to sucking guys off?"
"I like sucking you off, but not all guys. Some aren't clean, I guess, and don't taste nice. I like going down on some girls, and I really like fucking."
"What's your favorite position?"
"Cowgirl, so I can be somewhat in control. Please take off an item of clothing."
"I think we'll take off your shirt now," I said, and pointed at Rob.
He pulled her shirt up, and she lifted her arms again. This time she held her blindfold on as he took the shirt over her head. She stood there in her white panties, bra and socks. I could see her nipples through her bra, as she was obviously turned on.
"What's the slapping your tits about?"
The guys were, if anything, even more attentive hearing this.
"My first boyfriend did it, and I guess I find it humiliating, but that turned me on. Please take off an item of clothing."
I ignored her request. "So it's not about pain?"
"No. I don't think I even really like the pain, unless I'm already really turned on. Please take off an item of clothing."
"But you've asked me to slap you harder before."
"Yes, I don't really feel the humiliation unless it hurts. Please take off an item of clothing."
"So if you were humiliated some other way, it would turn you on as much as having your tits slapped?"
"Probably, I guess. Please take off an item of clothing now?"
She was starting to look a little uncomfortable, rubbing her legs together like she needed to pee. She was flushed, and she really wanted to cum. I pointed to Jimmy.
"How about a sock."
She seemed a little disappointed, but he crept forward, and gently picked up her foot, rolling the sock off. He let her put her foot down, and put the sock on the clothing pile.
"Move your feet about a foot apart," I said, wanting to keep her on edge so she couldn't get herself off. She did, and I could see a damp spot forming on her panties.
"What's your biggest fantasy?"
"I don't really know," she said. "I've listened to some of the stuff Sue's told me, and the pictures you've showed me, and that's way more than I'd ever dreamed about, so I guess I'm living it right now. Please take off an item of clothing."
"Which specific games have you liked?"
"Um, she told me about sucking off four strangers in a men's room stall, that was pretty wild. Oh, and going out in just a coat and trying on clothes. I liked the idea of a wet T-shirt competition, but I don't think I could do that. I'd like to have seen her do it though. Please take off an item of clothing."
"I find it interesting that the two you could see yourself doing were when I was telling her what to do. Do you want me to tell you what to do to get you there?"
"Maybe. You know what, probably. Please can you take of an item of clothing?"
"The other sock," I said, pointing at Sean.
He came and took her other sock off, leaving her in just her underwear. I noticed that she put her foot back down keeping her feet apart.
"You don't dress sexily, why is that?"
"I don't really like drawing attention to myself," she said. "Please take off an item of clothing."
"But I like sexy things. You saw how Sue wears short dresses and sexy underwear, like thongs and stockings. I'm going to want you to dress sexily, are you OK with that?"
"I'm sure I'll probably get used to it, it's just not something I do now. Please take off an item of clothing."
"Do you have any sexy clothing?"
"Some, not as much as Sue though. Please take off an item of clothing?"
"What about sexy toys?"
"Like what?"
"Dildos, vibrators?"
"No. Please take off an item of clothing."
"Hmm, OK."
I moved forward and reached behind her to unhook her bra. She pulled it down her arms, and held it out to me. Her tits weren't huge, so there's not much sag, they're nice and perky. Her nipples were pink, and currently as hard as bullets.
I took her bra and stepped back, dropping it on the pile.
"Turn all the way around, slowly," I said.
She turned slowly, so the guys, who were seated behind her, could see her tits.
"You have nice tits," I said. "I'd thought you were really into having them hurt, so I got you something. Do you want it anyway?"
She seemed nervous, but she nodded. "Yes. Please take off an item of clothing."
I ignored her and went and got the nipple clamps.
"We'll need to get your nipples really good and stiff," I said, and pointed at Rob. I pointed to my mouth, then her left nipple. He nodded, and came and sucked on her nipple. I didn't think it could get any harder, so after a minute or two, I tapped him on the shoulder and he let go. I put the clamp on her nipple, leaving the chain connecting them hanging down, and she gasped.
"You can take the blindfold off and leave at any time," I reminded her. She shook her head.
I pointed to Jimmy, and her right nipple. He came over, and Rob went back and sat down. Jimmy sucked on her nipple for a couple of minutes, then I tapped him and he backed off and watched me put the other clamp on her right nipple. She gasped again, and put her knees together, reaching for her pussy.
"Put your hands on your head," I said, not letting her get herself off.
"Please take off my panties," she said.
I reached over and ran my thumbnail around the waistband, watching her stomach muscles twitch, then pulled the waistband higher, pulling the back into her butt crack, and giving her a camel toe at the front. I rolled the waistband down, so they were smaller and covering less.
"Not yet," I said.
She shuddered, like she was going to cum right there.
"That's better," I said, "don't you think?"
"Yes," she said. "Please take off my panties?"
"Turn around, slowly," I told her. She did, so they could all see her wedgie'd panties. They had a large damp spot.
"Are you turned on now?"
"Yes! Please take off my panties! Please!"
"Do you want me to make you cum?"
"Yes! Please take off my panties!"
I reached over and slowly pulled her panties down. She held my shoulder to step out of them. I went and dropped them with her other clothing, and she put her hands back on her head. Her feet were apart. I could see her wet inner labia, so she was very, very turned on.
"Turn around," I said.
She turned around, slowly, showing her neatly trimmed pussy to the guys behind her.
"Bend over and touch your toes," I said.
She did, with her feet apart so the guys could see her butt and pussy, and I could see her tits hanging down in front of her.
"OK, stand up straight again."
She did, keeping her feet apart, and put her hands back on top of her head.
"I notice you trim your pussy. Have you ever shaved it?"
"No, I haven't," she said. "I thought you were going to let me cum."
"All in good time," I said. "Remember you can take your blindfold off and leave any time you want."
She shook her head. "I don't want to leave."
"How many people do you think are looking at you right now?"
She gasped "I thought it was just you!"
She reached for her blindfold, but didn't take it off. She put her hands back on her head.
"How many people are there?" she asked.
"How many do you think there are?"
"Two? You and Sue?"
"I don't imagine Sue'll be around much now she's married," I said.
"So who's here?"
"Somebody else."
"More than two?"
"Maybe," I said. "Do you want us to shave your pussy so we can all see what it looks like?"
"Um, OK, I guess."
"I'm going to take the nipple clamps off, so they don't damage your nipples, OK? They're going to hurt a bit."
She nodded, and I carefully unclipped them both at the same time. That did it, as the blood started flowing back into them, she started to shake and moan, just standing there, cumming.
"Are you OK?" I asked when she was done.
"Yes," she said weakly.
"Maybe we should get your nipples pierced," I said, only half way joking.
"Not today," she said, "let's talk about it first."
"Stay there," I said, and went and got a towel and some shaving supplies. When I got back, I had her lie down on the towel, and parted her legs, wide. I had Sean hold her right leg, and Rob hold her left leg by her knees.
"Stay still now," I said, "I don't want you to get cut."
I sprayed some shaving foam and rubbed it over her, then took the razor and shaved her vulva, cleaning the blade frequently. I had Jimmy hold her labia so I could get all the hair down between her legs, then used tweezers to get the few hairs I'd missed. I could see her juices running out of her - she was still really turned on.
I wiped her dry, then said "there, good enough to eat."
I bent down and slowly ran my tongue over her, all the way along her pussy to her clit. When I got to her clit, she came again. I waited for her to recover.
"Now," I said, helping her kneel up, "I'd like you to reward all these people for helping you."
She just opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out. I pointed to Jimmy, and he stood in front of her. He pulled her hand forward, and she felt the front of his jeans, then unzipped him and pulled his jeans down a little. She licked the head of a few seconds, then sucked his dick into her mouth. With all he'd just seen, he didn't last long. Once he'd cum in her mouth and she'd swallowed, he stepped back and Sean took his place. She unzipped him, and started sucking him off too. She put her hand between her legs and started playing with her pussy.
"You don't cum until I say you can, OK?"
Still sucking Sean's dick, she nodded. She kept bobbing her head on his dick until he came, getting a lot of it in her mouth. As she swallowed, he stepped back, zipping up, and Rob stepped forward. She stopped playing with her pussy long enough to undo his jeans and get his dick in her mouth, then went back to it while she sucked greedily. Her hand was a blur by now.
"Don't cum," I said, and she groaned, slowing down.
She was massaging his balls with her other hand, and Rob came in her mouth, and she swallowed his load. She was reaching around to see who was next.
"You may cum now," I said, and she started pulling on her nipples with her free hand, until she shuddered and came again.
She sat on the floor, sweating and looking tired.
"Do you want to take your blindfold off and leave, or should I see our guests out?"
"I'd like to stay," she said, so I herded the guys to the front door. I kept my finger to my lips to keep them quiet.
"Don't do or say anything to let her know you were here, and we'll play with her again," I said quietly.
They all nodded, and Sean gave me a thumbs up. I shook their hands and closed the door as they started down the stairs.
I came back to the living room, and she was still sitting on the floor.
"Do you want to suck me, fuck me, or take your blindfold off and leave?" I asked her.
"I could do with a fuck," she said.
"OK," I said, and started to undress. I laid down on the floor next to her, and pulled her to me. She reached over and sucked my dick for just a minute, getting it all wet, then climbed on top of me, pushing herself down on it. She started cumming almost immediately, and it didn't take long before I was cumming inside her.
I gave her a washcloth as she got off me, and grabbed one to wipe myself clean, too.
"Can I take my blindfold off now?" she asked.
"Sure," I said, as I started dressing again.
"Do I have to leave?"
"No," I said, "you can stay if you want."
She pulled the blindfold off and blinked in the light. She checked her nipples, for damage, I guess, then her hands went to her freshly shaved pussy, and she looked down at it. She ended up going to the bathroom and marveling at it in the mirror.
"It looks weird. This is going to take some getting used to. Can I have a shower?" she called to me.
"Absolutely," I said, and went and got a towel for her, and got a new toothbrush out. "I'll just sit here and watch."
She grinned at me, and turned on the water. It took her quite a while to finish washing her pussy, and she said she couldn't believe how different it felt.
"Do you think you'll keep it like that?"
"We'll see, it comes down to how much upkeep there is," she said.
"I'm sure I can find people to help with the upkeep."
She got out of the shower and toweled herself off, and I left her to clean her teeth and went back to the living room. She came out of the bathroom wearing the towel around her, and I motioned her towards me and pulled it off and threw it to the floor as I pulled her onto my lap.
"Thank you," she said, "that was incredible. Are you going to tell me who those three guys were?"
"Not now, but you'll probably find out sooner or later. Want to order a pizza?"