Contains: exhibitionist masturbation, extreme squirting
Much thanks to my editors, Biggalute & Gentleman27!
* * *
I lay on the air mattress in our tent, grateful the shade had kept it at a tolerable, all be it hot, temperature. The sun had been blistering all day and my burnt shoulders craved shade, regardless of the temperature. We'd been hiking the better part of the day but had to finally throw in the towel when the temperature reached 90. Thomas had gone to use the camp shower. I'd go rinse off too once I could muster the strength to stand again.
I closed my eyes and took some deep breaths, trying to release the tension from my muscles. As soon as I'd started to relax, my body had started feeling good. Really good, apparently. I felt a familiar, tingling warmth in my pelvis. I bit my lip, knowing I shouldn't, and reached down to touch myself lightly over my shorts. I shivered in pleasure.
I had some time alone... Plus, it had been days since I'd gotten off last--before the camping trip. I needed it.
I unzipped my shorts and shimmied them off, then I unbuttoned my shirt. I was uncomfortably sticky with sweat, and it felt nice to be free of fabric. I looked down at my breasts, watching my nipples screw up tightly. Using my fingertips, I stimulated the points lightly, sending a zing of pleasure down my spine. I reached down and stroked my clit slowly with one finger. It twitched excitedly and I could feel it starting to swell as I teased it. I adjusted my position, spread-eagling my legs to give me easy access. In my current position, I was facing the entrance of the tent, legs akimbo, frigging myself off. As long as I finished before Thomas returned it wouldn't be an issue. But if he entered too soon, I'd be fully exposed with no chance of hiding what I was doing.
Thomas was my long-time best friend, amongst other things. There had been times when we were more than that. There was a time when we dated, or at least, we slept together regularly and loved each other. It didn't last--the sleeping together part didn't last; loving each other never changed. It didn't end dramatically. It just sort of faded into the past. We were back to being best friends--the kind that don't sleep together--and had been for a while. He may have seen my naked body before, but we were at a point in our lives where walking in on me masturbating would be very unexpected and not appropriate.
I started rubbing myself more intently, feeling my excitement increasing. I looked down, taking in the sight of my jiggling tits and my hand at my crotch. I slowed my movements slightly. I'd already worked myself to the edge. I knew time was of the essence, and it would be wise to finish as fast as possible. But it felt so good to touch myself and I wanted to build up to it just a bit more before I let myself cum.
I heard the tent unzip and my heart leapt. I knew the right thing to do was stop and cover myself with anything I could find before Thomas caught sight of me. But for some reason, I didn't reach for my sleeping bag or clothes. I didn't close my legs. I didn't take my hand away from my pussy.
He poked his head in and paused. His eyes landed on me, taking in my activity. He looked like he was debating between entering or leaving.
"Hey," I said, a little breathily, meeting his gaze while I continued to touch myself. He stared at my privates, spread graphically towards him. Ending his debate, he climbed into the tent and zipped it back up behind him. "Sorry," I apologized, though I made no move to stop. "I'll finish soon." I wasn't sure what had gotten into me.
He sat down on the air mattress, and I scooted over to give him room. He lay down next to me. He was shirtless and slightly damp after his shower. All he was wearing was basketball shorts. He slipped them off, now just as naked as I. I looked at his cock; it was growing in front of my eyes. He fondled his junk until he was sporting a full erection. And what a fine erection it was. Truly one of the most picture-perfect cocks I'd ever seen.
I rubbed myself excitedly. He was going to do it too. He was going to jerk himself right next to me. I moaned, enjoying the perverted act of demonstrating self-pleasure in front of someone else. We'd never done that when we were together. We had fun, exploratory, kinky sex together, but it wasn't until later that I learned I liked to put on a show. We'd touched ourselves as a part of sex, but we'd never masturbated for our own pleasure in front of each other.
"Can I watch you?" he asked.
"Of course. I'm watching you," I told him.
"I mean, can we face each other so I can watch you straight on?"
I nodded, thrilled by the suggestion, and flipped my direction so we were laying opposite ways on the bed and pushed our sleeping bags to the side. We spread our legs towards each other, and I hiked my knees back, giving him the most graphic view of my cunt that I could. I liked seeing him from that angle too. I could see his sack pulled tightly; he teased his balls with his fingertips. We both propped ourselves up with one pillow so we could watch each other with more ease.
"I can see cum leaking out of your pussy and dripping down towards your asshole," he said, eyes fixed on my slit.
I brought my hand down and started teasing at the fluid leaking out of me, continuing to massage my pleasure point with the unoccupied hand. I smeared cum around my hole, feeling myself growing more and more lubricated by the second. "I'm so wet right now."
"I'm leaking precum from looking at it." There was, indeed, a very large clear bead at the tip of his cock. With two of his fingers, he rubbed the lubrication around the head, stimulating the sensitive area carefully and letting out a little moan.
"I know I should have stopped when you came in," I breathed, "but masturbating feels so good right now, I can't stop."
"I really need to blow a load too." He was taking slow strokes, working his long rod steadily from base to tip.
My clit felt like a hard pebble under my finger as my hand moved faster. For some reason masturbating more vigorously felt dirtier. Like admitting I love to touch myself and I get desperate for orgasms when I don't give myself ample releases. Thomas was making soft groaning noises while he pumped his shaft and hearing his sounds of pleasure aroused me.
I slid two fingers into my wet slit, probing my way to my g-spot. "Oh yeah," I whispered, as I hit the magic spot, barely noticing I'd spoken aloud. I let out the occasional moan or whimper, trying to be as uninhibited as possible. Exposing how I did my most private act was a massive turn on. "Shit," I muttered, feeling the tingling pressure growing in my pelvis. "Shit. It's going to be a squirt. I'm going to make a mess." I could feel it building and knew my climax would be accompanied by a spray. "Fuck, where do I cum?" I didn't want to squirt on our sleeping bags or clothes.
"You can do it on me," he offered.
"Are you sure?" I asked hesitantly. I'd got my juices on him before during sex, but the way I squirted when I masturbated was more than the modest gush he'd experienced before.
"Yeah. Straddle my stomach." He lay still while I climbed on to him. "Do you mind if I keep jerking off?" he asked.
I shook my head. "Keep going." Of course I didn't mind. It was the biggest turn on ever that he wanted to pleasure himself while he watched me.
I felt his arm move as he worked his hand up and down his cock, only visible to me if I turned to look behind me. I now had a knee on either side of his torso and my pussy was hovering above his bellybutton. I started touching myself again, thrilled by the closeup view he had of my vagina. I looked down and tilted my hips forward. I carefully parted my labia and held them open. It pulled my hood back slightly too and forced my clit to stick out more prominently. I rapidly tapped directly on the exposed nub with one finger. It was incredibly sensitive. I took my hand away and flexed my clit several times. I could just see it jumping up and down. I noticed Thomas was breathing faster as he watched me. Keeping my lips spread open, I rubbed small circles over my nub. I could feel the muscles in my cunt twitching every so often, signaling my imminent climax.
"Okay, it's coming...almost--" I grunted. I gritted my teeth, my fingers moving across my nub at the speed of light. "Fuck it might be a lot. It feels so good right now."
"Don't worry about the mess. Let it all out." His eyes were fixed on me. "Cum as much as you need to. Just spray it all over me."
"Watch my pussy while I orgasm, okay?" I asked unnecessarily. "I'm going to keep it spread like this so you can see it clearly." The closer I got to cumming, the more vulgar I seemed to be getting. "Thomas, fuck," I whimpered. "Oh fuck oh fuck." Eyes closed, I rubbed my nub in ecstasy, riding a slow and extremely intense build up to the peak. "Fuck! Yeah!" I set my gaze on my own privates again. I grunted loudly. Fluid sprayed between my legs, splattering Thomas's stomach and chest with cum while I rubbed myself fiercely. Another loud groan of pleasure accompanied another wild spray.
My channel was pulsing with intense contractions and my body felt all stiff. I tipped my hips up again, giving Thomas an unbeatably explicit view of my cunt, and allowing me to see my swollen clitoris when I moved my hand out of the way. It was engorged and twitching. I pressed down on it firmly with one finger. My clit seemed to stimulate itself on my digit as it flexed rapidly under it while I came. "Uh. Yeah!" I cried, as a forceful contraction caused cum to jet from my hole. It was a short, intense shot of fluid, and my current position resulted in blasting Thomas right in the face. "Oh fuck, I'm sorry!" I cried, embarrassed, and still mid-orgasm.
"It's okay, keep going," he breathed. I could feel him beating his meat quickly behind me.
Two more of those thin, fast streams of cum shot out of me. This time they both went straight up, and one of them even landed all over my own chest and stomach covering me in hot droplets of juice.
"Fuck, it's going all over the place." I had no control over the erratic sprays. More fluid was dripping straight down from my hole, coating Thomas in it. "Fuuuuuck!" I took my finger off my clit, exposing the dark purplish nub. At the release of pressure, a fresh stream hit Thomas squarely in the chest. "I think that's it," I panted, feeling the tremors start to ebb. "My clit is still twitching hard though, see?" I thrust my hips forward so my pussy was practically in his face while I spread my labia.
"It looks really good," he said, admiring my nub as it jumped up and down in post-orgasmic excitement. "It's so swollen."
I loved showing off my privates like that. I liked looking at my own pussy too, especially during my climax. Thomas was breathing hard and making unrestricted sounds of excitement. He slid out from under me. There wasn't enough room to stand, so he kneeled on the ground facing the air mattress. I sat on the edge of the bed, facing him. I toyed lazily with my sensitive parts, legs still spread. Thomas was fapping quickly, his eyes mostly stayed on my exposed cunt.
"Jerking off with your cum feels so good," he moaned. "Oh fuck," he said excitedly, "holy fuck."
I watched as he got closer. His attention had moved from my pussy to his cock as he watched himself beat it. As much as I loved his eyes on me, there was something about witnessing him staring at his junk while he masturbated that I found deliciously dirty.
"Yeah!" He held his solid rod with both hands and pointed it right at me. "Cumming. Fuck." He thrust his cock into his palms and released a sizable glob of sperm. It dripped out, not hitting me, but simply falling to the ground. I didn't have time to be disappointed though. He grunted and pumped himself into his hands again. With a loud cry, he blew a thick length of jizz at my chest. "Oh yeah, I'm cumming on you." He emptied his balls over the course of at least five large ejaculations, all of which landed on me.
"That was an incredible cum shot," I said, looking down at my chest once he'd finished spurting. He replied with a wordless groan. He was slowly massaging out the last drips of semen from his piece. I realized self-consciously that I'd been toying with my clit the whole time he'd orgasmed and was still doing it. "I have to cum more," I mumbled. I didn't want to admit how much this was turning me on. "I'm sorry."
"More squirt?" he asked hopefully.
"I think so," I nodded, feeling flushed.
"Stay sitting where you are," he instructed. "Squirt this way." He indicated the clear side of the tent where there was no bedding or gear. I rubbed my clit quickly, excited by being directed where to cum. Thomas's attention was focused on me as I pleasured myself vigorously. "That's it, work for it," he coaxed me on, seeing my effort.
I was making loud, sexual, noises and my brow was furrowed in concentration. "I'm going to ejaculate so hard," I said, looking Thomas straight in the eye. "Ohhh fuck." I pleasured my nub recklessly. I couldn't believe how filthy I was being, but I couldn't help myself in my state of extreme arousal. "Watch--fuck yeah--watch me squirt." I was rocking my hips forward and backward as though I was fucking an invisible cock. A powerful spurt hit the side of the tent. I roared with perverted delight as I ejaculated. My fluid splashed off the wall and rained back down on the floor. I let a second jet fly, loving the spectacle I was providing. My hips were bucking wildly as my hole started to fountain. One long push of juice arced out of my spread pussy. "Ohyeahohyeahohyeah," I said breathlessly. "Fuuuuck." With the way I was thrusting my hips, my cum was waving in erratic arcs and splashing all over the place. I didn't care.
I stood up from the bed, squatting in front of it. I'm not really sure why I got up; it was like the feeling in my body was so intense I couldn't even stay still. I pummeled my clit frantically. It was the final push; I could feel it. One last cum. "Yesssss!" I hissed triumphantly as my pussy started to seize and pulse violently. I was still standing--squatting--kind of crouched over. I started to spray, getting it on the floor and all over my legs. Since I was hunched over anyway, I decided to part my lips and watch my clit twitch excitedly through my orgasm. "Oh yeah. Oh fuck." I sprayed a little with every spasm. I loved seeing squirt coming right out of my hole. "That's a good orgasm. Uh, yeah." I had almost forgotten I wasn't alone, until I looked up from my crotch and caught Thomas's eye self-consciously. "I'm almost done cumming," I said awkwardly, still exposing myself to him.
We both watched the final strands of cum drip out in silence.
Drained, I flopped back on the bed. Thomas followed suit.
"I'm sorry," said Thomas eventually, "for cumming on you. I shouldn't have done that without asking."
I couldn't hold back my laughter. It was the least of the inappropriate behavior that had gone down, in my opinion. "I'm the one who should apologize," I said. "I'm sorry for making you walk in on that."
"I'd be happy to watch you masturbate any time you want," he grinned.
"And sorry about the shower."
"The one I took earlier or the one you just gave me?" he smirked.
"Both," I blushed deeply.
"I think we both need to rinse off now," he chuckled. "I wouldn't mind company," he winked. I nodded, letting him take me by the hand and lead me to the outdoor shower.
* * *
In loving memory of "Thomas"