This is a standalone story but the main characters have all been involved previously in the "Rediscovering their Love" series.As such there is some repetition as the characters relationships are explained for (hopefully) new readers.
Within that storyline the concept of "nude secretaries' day" was explored (chapter 4) as it was part of the culture at Hydra, the firm which all now work at.Here, we join the time between the firms' takeover by Hydra as NSD approaches and the day itself.
In keeping with my preferences for such a story, there are no explicit sex scenes, no exploitation of staff, more what I hope are teasing episodes in a story about enjoying experiences which benefit everyone.This allows the reader to use their own imagination to decide if they are an observer or a participant.
The Prelude covers the back story and introduces the concerns of the staff who will have to work nude.Nude Secretaries' Day covers the events on the actual day.Nude Lady Dinner which concludes the day involves more sexual content as the workday has concluded and the sexual heat built up is released.
As it encompasses the day, this story is fairly long so I have constructed it in chapters with sections within so you can come and go as you wish.
No adultery, no abuse, no violence, no non-consensual activity.

Prelude
Stephen sat at his desk and surveyed the office. He still couldn't believe that he was now responsible for all those working here. He had been a fairly mid-level manager but after Hydra took over the firm in September, he was promoted to be boss of the new Hydrogen technologies department and now had forty people working under him including his brother-in-law Phil and friend Neil.
Not only did they work together but they were very good friends. His wife Diane was Phil's wife Kim's elder sister. Both were beautiful, sensual goddesses. Neil's wife Sam was not far behind, in his opinion. Neil disagreed.
Hydra's work policies focussed on their wellbeing and their families which meant they finished on time and had a social life, a private life and what in his case, had become a great sex life. Life overall was terrific. They all earned far more than they could have dreamt off even a year ago, so were able to afford to enjoy their time together.
Neil and he had managed to get all the staff they wanted to work with them following the takeover. Phil had managed to get quite a few of the staff from his old place of work to join him at Hydra. Not that difficult given how badly they were treated there.
There had been one major sticking point for many, notably, the female members of staff, 'nude secretaries' day'.
Diane, Kim and Carole, one of the original secretaries involved had held an open meeting with all the women to explain the reason behind it, what it achieved, not only in terms of money raised for local charities but more importantly, what it conferred on the women involved in terms of self-confidence, self-awareness and more.
Most of their prospective staff were, to say the least, highly sceptical.
Carole began by explaining a bit about Hydra, "You may have noticed some people were not retained when you were taken over. I'm sure many are relieved those are not here. We go to great lengths not only to have bright people but ones who care about others. That really helps when 'nude secretaries' day' comes around.
"Hydra want you, your families, to have a life, not stuck at a desk 70-80 hours a week. We know that destroys relationships, destroys families and ultimately is not good for the business.
"We want you being treated properly, paid well and if you need help, due to family illness, as an example, we're there for you. You're not someone to be exploited so the owner can have another private yacht or jet or shareholders another world cruise.
"Nude Secretaries day was first suggested, by us, the secretaries, not the men as some seem to think. The reason was the local hospice needed more funds and there was only so much cake you could bake and buy. Most of us had personal experience of the work of the hospice.
"Four of the eight original secretaries at Wright's, the first office, reluctantly volunteered as we thought that by doing this we could raise more, perhaps £1000. I was one of them as I was George's, the owner's secretary and as the most senior, I felt it was my duty to do so. To say I was petrified at the thought, would be a gross understatement.
"When I suggested it on behalf of the secretaries, George surprised me when he said it had to be all of us or not at all. Seeing that the aim was to help the hospice, after discussing it further, we all agreed to participate, albeit very reluctantly, as we couldn't see any other way of raising the funds.
"I made George aware of concerns about a couple of members of staff in particular. He was mad they hadn't been arrested for previous transgressions before he bought Wright's. Unbeknown to anyone, he arranged security to protect us.
"He also instigated a behavioural policy to ensure everyone was safe. These personal rules apply not only on nude secretaries' day but to all days. If someone tries to accost, abuse verbally or physically anyone, they will be sacked immediately. Such behaviour is not tolerated. It has never been required since that first day.
"It was accepted that comments may come out which were inappropriate but as long as there was an apology that was regrettable but in the circumstances acceptable.
"To illustrate. If someone grabbed you and said they wanted to fuck you, they would be sacked. If the victim wished or the attack was so beyond acceptable the Police would be called. If they say as their jaw drops, "fucking hell, you're beautiful!" then realise the comment is inappropriate and apologise then the incident was closed. It's the context which is important."
Some present nodded in that, 'pull the other one' way.
Carole continued, "All the secretaries approached that day with a lot of trepidation if not downright fear. Very quickly the two we suspected would, did breach the protocols and were sacked on the spot. Those concerned were very impressed with the security and their reactions to those two arses. They seemed to know where to hold for maximum pain with no effort.
"No one else behaved in a poor manner either on that day or any such day since.
"After a little while, all of us were very pleasantly surprised to find that we did not miss our clothes.
"If anything, we preferred it as our concerns were shown to be so wrong. People were in fact more respectful and appreciative of our efforts. The men recognised the bravery needed by us.
"As the morning wore on, we found that we were gaining so much more self-confidence. Yes, some comments were made but they mainly boosted our self-esteem or made us laugh.
"By mid-morning many of the men were more concerned their jaws would need surgery to stay in place or cum in their pants than ogle the women.
"Yes - they look! They stare! Especially those seeing it for the first time, they can't believe it!
"Yes - their faces and other parts will tell you what they feel. Mostly, they're overwhelmed.
"The power seemed to transfer from the men to us and to the other women, the many who supported us.
"As the day went on, many of the women, including myself, to be honest, as they relaxed, found they liked to tease the gentlemen. We'd bounce our breasts as we walked, lean over more closely or accidentally, as they passed, move our seats so that our pussies were on open display. It seems incongruous that the more exposed we were, the more control we had.
"It was great to see the reactions we managed to get from them. Many counted how many ran or rather limped to the toilets. That really boosted how we felt about ourselves."
That had apparently raised a laugh.
"Some budding office romances were lit. Some have married since.
"The true after effect, more importantly, was that all involved felt their self-esteem and self-confidence was raised, we became more emboldened and more engaged in the workplace, speaking up when before we would have been reluctant as that wasn't seen to be our place. The confidence from that day stayed with us. As a result, many have advanced beyond what they ever thought they would.
"What had really helped and what has been so great for all of us, was that so many of the other female members of staff supported us and joined in. That remains the case to this day.
"All the male staff and contractors working on the buildings that day paid 25% of their daily pay to the charity pot. Many made special efforts to be there. Instead of the hoped for £1000, the secretaries would have raised £18000 but altogether with those who joined us, we raised £65250 which George more than doubled to £140000. This year as Hydra has expanded we raised almost half a million pounds which again he doubled.
"We learned later that the reason George said all the secretaries had to be involved was that he wanted to promote many of us but didn't want it to be suggested that the way to get on was to take off your clothes. If it was just the original four volunteers who did it and they were the ones promoted, you can see his point. All of the original secretaires have promoted posts, even very senior ones like mine. Rest assured those had nothing to do with being us being willing to work naked one day a year but the qualities we bring to the table. Qualities which our newfound confidence has helped nurture.
"And it certainly does help we are all well paid!"
Kim had explained her attire. She was only wearing her working clothes, suspenders, stockings and heels. Her appearance had shocked many.
"Carole inadvertently caused this. At the end of the day, she had asked George if he had had his fantasy fulfilled. He said "No, if it was my fantasy you would have worn suspenders, stockings and heels."
"What is it with men, stockings and suspenders?
"He's so lovely, the girls decided to dress like that themselves. He was flabbergasted but very pleased. Well, which male wouldn't be!
"You will see that when the top floor staff are working on your floors or walking between the buildings and on the streets, we are treated properly and shown the utmost respect.
"I was a very staid and private individual who wasn't prepared for the shock of attending for an interview on the top floor. I'd never heard of it before then. Soon, I forgot the others were almost naked as I became so absorbed in the work I would be doing.
"When they asked if I could work there I had a choice to make. It is a great job but I had to strip off for the first time. I was greatly helped by my sister, Diane, also known as Miss Staid Universe. She was at a meeting there and had been responsible for me being offered an interview. What are big sister's for if not to help their little sister. I asked her to strip with me, to support me. I didn't think she would so I would have a get out. To both our surprises she started to strip and I followed.
"As a result, we both found a level of self-confidence we never knew we had. It has grown since that day enabling me to be far better at my job. Not only that, but it has also improved my marriage as I have that self-confidence.
"So, I can fully endorse Carole's view on the feeling of empowerment and confidence which came from this dress mode. I can understand your scepticism but it's true.
"If Diane and I could do it, you can!"
Diane concluded, "I can only concur with Carole and Kim about how empowering being nude is. I was on the top floor to go through our move with Pamela and her staff. I never knew until I walked in the dress code for the girls there. I wasn't asked or required to join them. I soon didn't notice their dress as we worked. It was only when Kim asked me to help her strip. I was shocked. I could see in her eyes she wanted the job but was extremely scared. I never had a conscious thought, I was so comfortable around them, I just started to strip.
"That day so rocked my boat, I became far more assertive in promoting my opinions. That could be you.
"As Kim said, it has helped our marriages greatly in addition to our work positions. It somehow shook us free of our self-constructed boundaries to become who we could be.
"It sounds fanciful and if I was sitting amongst you, hearing this as my staid self, I would be sceptical but it is true.
"As you are aware only the secretaries are obliged to participate as it is in their contracts. I hope you will all feel able to participate even if it seems terrifying at the moment.
"I also hope that like everyone who I've spoken to about it, you'll enjoy it. The next one will be my first. I'm looking forward to it though I do have some anxiety which I think is natural when you haven't experienced it before.
"Best of all, as it isn't until February, you'll have a chance to find out that Hydra is exactly what we have painted, a firm which puts you, your families and others at the forefront of what they do. No long hours, the chance to see your child's school play, even if during the day, time for friends or more importantly those dearest to you."
Most of the women had decided to give Hydra a try and still remained with the company. Everything they had been told had been proved right. They saw Kim and the other top floor staff coming and going, never being treated with anything other than perhaps pure reverence.
When they had moved into the new offices in November, he was surprised to see the number of people he never knew exercised, at the gym within the complex. It seemed quite busy every time he visited it. The female classes seemed especially busy.
Now it was the end of January, Nude Secretaries' Day was just a few days away.
It must have started somewhere hot as who would have that day in February in Scotland he thought.
He noticed the nervousness in the air, the glances between the women. Even Moira, his secretary was avoiding looking at him.
It was about time for their normal Monday morning meeting. Today he would put 'Nude Secretaries' Day' as the first unofficial item on the agenda. But he still had to decide what he needed to say.
As the staff gathered, he took a breath and began.
"Before we begin our business meeting, I want to address the elephant in the room, "Nude Secretaries' Day."
"I can sense the apprehension of many here today, of both sexes. When we were taken over and those of you from Butler's joined us, we all had many questions, especially the ladies. We were told so many positive things about working for Hydra we probably felt, 'Oh Yeah!'
"Many of us decided to give Hydra a chance, whilst not really believing what they had told us. In truth, Hydra has exceeded those promises which is why we come to work happy and none of us have thought about leaving, until today I suspect.
"The three months since we moved here have passed quickly, probably too quickly for some but on Friday, it's "Nude Secretaries Day." Whilst only the secretaries are bound by their contracts to participate, in our case, five of us."
His eyes searched the five secretaries to see if he could determine their feelings. It did not appear promising.
"In the other Hydra offices, in every field, many of the other women join in to support them, to boost the money raised for charity.
"Now I wish to make it quite clear to the other female members of our staff, all six of you, that participating or not participating will have no impact upon how your career progresses. The choice is yours and yours alone."
He saw the fear in their eyes as well.
"We have all witnessed the top floor staff working throughout the buildings and even on this floor. I have never seen any of them being treated with anything other than the utmost respect due to their abilities. Yes, jaws dropped the first few times and when we have a new member of staff, we laugh at their reaction. But it soon became normal, so we just got on with the job in hand. They blended in.
"Even if those days when they worked here it seemed brighter for all of us, not just the males. There is something so positive which seems to come from those interactions.
"I have complete faith that none of us will overstep the boundaries on Friday, though I suspect I may need to wire my jaw shut to stop it dislocating!
"I can't begin to know how you feel about this day, whether absolutely petrified or excited or even both!
"I can only say that when Diane told me about her experience and I saw how much more self-confidence she had because of it; it does appear to be that positive experience they say.
"Diane will be supporting her staff by joining them. I'm proud of her decision to do so."
This caught them by surprise and he saw some looking a bit more positive. A hopeful sign, he wished.
"As for the day itself, it won't be just the people from this floor although I suspect that creates worry in itself, being naked in front of people you know. We will have strangers around as contractors schedule their annual inspections for this day. They donate their share to the charity pot. The computer wiring is checked by an all-female crew who participate so boosting the charity pot.
"Some of our clients are intending to be here that day as well.
"If you have any concerns please speak with me or the other managers."
Stephen could see that some had never seriously thought about others being present before.
Phil spoke, "If you had asked me to place a bet on whether Kim would take her clothes off in front of anyone other than me and go on to work almost nude I would have bet my mortgage and lost.
"As you can probably understand, I was shocked, horrified, and yes even aroused, when she told me about her interview and being naked with Diane.
"I had serious misgivings about her working on the top floor including some unworthy thoughts but she was so keen on her job because of how much she could help others, I reluctantly agreed to it.
"I have found my misgivings misplaced.
"My concerns both work and private have been replaced with a pride in her. What I thought was bullshit, empowerment, confidence etc has been true. Kim is so much more self-confident her abilities have shone. She is achieving more than she ever though she would.
"I don't know how it works but it does. You've seen her here on this floor though sometimes I suspect that is just to try and cook me. Those who knew her for some time prior to coming to Hydra know how shy she was and so reluctant to speak up unless it was on behalf of a client have seen that change in her. Now she does put her opinion forward.
"Whatever you decide, know that by doing this, you'll not be thought any less off nor will you be treated differently though I suspect it will probably impress us all even more than you already have.
"I suspect the only change will be within you."
After the meeting concluded, Moira came into his office. She looked far from at ease. Her voice was subdued.
"Stephen, I don't think I can do it. I've told myself I could but as it comes closer I feel I can't. I love my job and as you said Hydra has exceeded everything they promised but I just can't do this."
"Have you spoken to Matt? Is he unhappy about it?"
"Matt is conflicted. He sees how happy I am here but he's not sure about others seeing me naked. I suspect he likes the idea in principle just not me being the principle!"
"I can understand that. I do feel justifiably proud when others see how beautiful Diane is. It buffs my ego in some strange way. Her being nude on Friday for all others to see has me both pleased and anxious. It's totally irrational.
"She did find her time on the top floor working nude to be so invigorating and empowering. She had never been naked in front of any one before except me! She was shocked she did it and I was astonished when she told me about it.
"Later Joanna from Wright's told her about her experience. Have a word with her. Her knowledge may help you as she was very strongly against the concept yet her experience changed her mind.
"Moira, you are beautiful, you are highly talented and you are capable of doing so much more than just being my secretary. I've told you that repeatedly. Maybe participating in this will give you that boost to your self-confidence you need to take that step forward."
"Will I lose my job if I don't participate?"
"I don't know but it is probable. It is part of your contract. HR could tell you. I would fight to keep you or any of the others but I think I wouldn't get anywhere. It would set a precedent."
"What about the two male secretaries in Wright's, will they have to work naked?"
"I suspect they will, it's the standard secretaries contract."
For the first time Moira laughed, "We'll see if they rise to the occasion!"
Stephen laughed.
"How do the other secretaries feel?"
"They're all a bit concerned. None have been involved in anything like this before. The only good bit is that some of those who are no longer here would have been mauling and grabbing and worse. No one feels that any one of the current staff would do anything untoward but when you mentioned that others would be here that heightened our anxiety. I don't think any of us thought about that happening."
Stephen told her firmly, "Those clients who come, those from other Hydra buildings, the contractors, all know the rules. If any breach them they're gone. No more business with Hydra.
"From speaking with Heidi and others involved from the beginning, they continued it because the secretaries and the other women wished too, because they found it so fulfilling and freeing. You can see how many have been highly promoted. None because they went nude but, like you, highly capable. Before that day, they felt constrained by their 'title' -- secretary. That day freed them and so it continues. That and the money it raises. But I think that is the part that matters most to George."
Moira nodded. She still looked nervous.
"Go and speak with Joanna at Wright's, take the others if they wish. You are more important to me than the work we are doing today. Speak with any of the others who have done it. Don't build it up to be something it's not because things we fear, we always build up to be far worse than they actually turn out to be. Take their advice. Let me know how you feel afterwards," Stephen finished.
Stephen could see Moira on the phone and hoped she was speaking to someone to help her and the others. He knew if the roles were reversed he would be feeling petrified to say the least. How often would his penis rise and fall on Friday?
If the role was reversed and he was nude, what would he be like, fully erect or hiding?
He got on with his work and realised later that Moira was not at her desk. He looked and several other secretaries were missing. He could only hope they found the answers they needed. He did not wish to lose any of them, especially Moira.
After the mid-morning break, Diane called her seven female staff into the conference room.
"Now, I know this week is one which has us all a little bit anxious to say the least. Friday is nude secretaries' day.
"Audrey, Bethany, Helen and Anne, how are you feeling?"
Audrey spoke, her voice flat, "We've all spoken about this. We're all scared if not petrified. If we don't do it, we expect to be sacked as it's in our contracts. If we do, we could be the butt of jokes for weeks and months to come or worse."
Bethany spoke quietly, "I know it's for good causes and people say they enjoy it. Some of the ones I speak to at lunch are really looking forward to it as they get so much from teasing the men. I don't think I have been naked outside of the bedroom in years. I'm scared. I'm the only black woman on this floor. I'll stand out. You see when Maria comes over how she attracts their attention. I know they won't do anything but it is that attention which worries me."
Helen and Anne said they were terrified not only of doing it but that if they didn't they would lose their jobs which they loved. They also had never been nude outside the bedroom for some time.
Diane nodded, "I can only say that our own imaginations can be our worst enemy. What we fear we build up to make it even worse.
"I worked with you all for several years at our old place. You know how reticent I was to speak up and how conservatively I dressed. We worked far too long hours and almost lost what we wanted in life. Hydra taking us over helped give us back our lives. They treat us well.
"I was over here before the move and had to go to the top floor. Those I were working with just smiled when I said I hadn't been before. It was a shock I wasn't prepared for. Yes, I checked out their bodies as I'm sure all our male colleagues will check us out on Friday before the ambulances take them to A & E to have their heart attacks treated!
"What was so strange, I soon forgot they were almost naked. We just worked away. They asked if I knew anyone I would work with for a job in their care and health department. I suggested Kim. As she was near she came straight in for an interview. The next I realised she was standing beside me. I hadn't realised the job was on that floor or I probably wouldn't have suggested her, my Miss Staid Universe understudy, just as dull and repressed as I was. She wanted the job but, she would need to strip. She would if I would join her. I didn't think, I just started stripping off. It just felt natural. She did the same.
"I worked for most of that day on the top floor including going for lunch in the canteen naked."
That revelation got a shocked response from the other girls.
"I thought the empowering stuff was made up to convince you to do it but it's not. By removing my clothes, I removed the shackles holding me back. I spoke up instead of following, I gave my ideas an airing. This was like a different me. That's stayed with me.
"I will be joining you naked on Friday. It is my choice.
"Rose, Mary and Jenny it is your choice whether or not you join in. If you chose to do so, great, if not, that's fine. It won't affect your careers either way.
"If it would help you, speak to some of the staff who have been involved before. Maybe work together to find a solution for yourselves which works for you all."
The meeting finished with nothing resolved.
During the rest of the week, neither Diane nor Stephen managed to find out what their staff were going to do. They tried to be as supportive as they could but grew more concerned the closer the day came.
Nude Secretaries Day
On Friday morning as he drove to work, Stephen had a few things on his mind.
One, he was quite pleased with himself. Last night, he had beaten Phil's score in their ten-pin bowling team. The first time in ages. While the team was average at best, they enjoyed the banter with the other players. Moving to Hydra had allowed them time to have a social life like that. The probable reason was that on Tuesday, Diane and Kim had arranged to go the salon where Jane had her Hollywood wax. He didn't think Kim warned Phil as she obviously held his right hand. He remembered Jane's story about it so when Diane wanted his hand he gave her his left one so he still had his main hand uninjured. Once the waxing irritation had subsided, he had examined the result, - very carefully!
Having said that moving the gear stick was not a pain free experience!
Two, his wife Diane was sitting next to him, warmly wrapped in her coat due to the snow falling. Apart from her heels and some jewellery, that was all she was wearing. She was supporting her staff, officially. Unofficially, both he and Diane had found that they were aroused when others appreciated her beauty.
He still couldn't understand his reaction to her exposure.
She had blown him that morning to reduce the pressure though as he thought of those he may see; he didn't think that would last.
How would he feel at the end of the day? Would they get there without fucking each other?
Neither wished to involve others in their lovemaking and that had never changed as they explored their sexual boundaries but this was way beyond anything they had ever thought off.
Today was the biggest exposure of Diane ever. He was excited at the opportunity but what if that went beyond their boundaries? He was used to being conflicted over his love of Diane exposing herself but today was way beyond the extreme high end of that scale.
Three, would Moira and the other secretaries be there? Would any of the other women in the office join in to support them? Whenever he had spoken with Moira during the week, she kept everything in check, concentrating solely on the business in hand. He tried to be as positive about today as he could to smooth her fears.
He couldn't come out and say, "Moira I would love to (am desperate to) see you in the nude as you are drop dead gorgeous" but he told her the truth about how important she was to him.
As he pulled into his parking space, Diane turned to him and gave him a big smile.
"I can't believe I'm going to do this! Six months ago, I would have run away. Today, I'm excited as well as nervous. My pussy is soaking wet. Feel!"
Stephen did as his goddess asked and she was very wet.
"Do you want me to dry you with my tongue?" he asked like any obedient slave would do.
"You would just love that wouldn't you! Having me orgasm in the car, my screams attracting looks from anyone passing close by. Then, I would have to blow you again as I can't walk around with you dripping out of me all morning."
"I love it when you talk dirty!" he replied, giving her a passionate kiss.
"Stop it, I have to go," she croaked weakly.
"It's a good job someone has cleared the snow from the paths. You wouldn't want to fall and end up in the hospital dressed like that," he said, trying to change where his mind was.
"It would be okay as many of their staff will be dressed the same. Pity the male ones aren't. I could have tested my abilities to see how professional he was," she teased.
"When are you taking your coat off?"
"Why? Do you want to see me to my building's door and see me remove my coat as I enter? Would that please you?" she countered.
He knew he was losing so just nodded.
"Okay, come with me and I'll let you see your goddess's bum as she walks into the building," she teased.
Stephen found his breathing quickening as he followed Diane to her building.
As Diane entered, she removed her coat. He was disappointed to see only the receptionist was present to view such a display. He then noticed the receptionist was nude. His not so little man was showing he had recovered from the earlier blowjob.
Diane went and spoke with the girl. She was in her early twenties, he thought. She had a lovely face with twinkling eyes and a beautiful smile. Her brunette hair reached to her breasts which were fairly small with bright buds. The desk covered her nether regions which was probably a good thing he thought.
Diane was pointing at him so he thought he had better go over and introduce himself. Diane did that as she kissed him and headed to her office.
Carla looked at him and asked if she could ask him a question.
Stephen said "go ahead" thinking she was probably going to ask him about his feelings about Diane being nude. How would he answer that?
Carla's words stopped that train of thought immediately.
"You're in charge of the group working on hydrogen systems. Do you have any vacancies for an engineer who worked on that to get her degree?"
"I'll always look at an engineer who has any knowledge which can help us. If we don't have a vacancy, I would keep them in mind for the next one. Who are you asking for?" he asked.
"Well, Me."
Stephen's look obviously showed his shock.
"I couldn't get a job when I listed my degree and lack of experience, so I just dumbed that down so I could find work. While I love this job, I would like to actually work as an engineer," Carla explained earnestly.
"Why didn't you come up to me before?" Stephen asked.
"I suppose I didn't have the confidence to do so. With everyone who has come in today being very complementary I feel quite different. This working nude seems to boost your self-esteem though I never believed those who said it did." She looked surprised too.
"Send me your CV and if you have time come up to our office and we can discuss everything."
"I'm off at 2pm, I could come across then if you are free?"
"If I'm not, I'm sure some of the other managers will speak with you."
Waving goodbye Stephen set off to his office block.
His next pleasant surprise was that their building receptionist Dana was working au naturelle. They had always had a good relationship.
What do you say to a five-foot ten woman with blond hair caressing a face with lovely eyes and pouting lips, the hair continuing until it was touching her two fantastic large breasts, almost curled in to highlight her areolas, which were the size of a fifty pence coin with large nipples. As his gaze went further down he saw a smooth stomach leading to a bare mons. He was surprised by the clit hood ring which brought his eyes to her prominent pussy lips. Her long legs were smooth and just perfect.
"Dana, I knew you would be just as beautiful on the outside as you are inside. Do you have the defibrillator handy for those coming in?"
"I was just about to bring it for you," she laughed. "Well do I pass muster?" as she did a twirl showing her exquisite bum.
"Wow, truly, you are gorgeous. I can see your husband is a very lucky man."
She could sense he was uneasy.
"Have I overstepped the mark?" she asked.
"No Dana. You haven't. If anything, you have brightened my day considerably. I'm just concerned about my secretaries and if they will come in today. I don't want to lose any of them. They were quite reticent about letting me know their intentions.
"How did you manage to get into the swing of it?"
"I spoke with a few of the others who had done this in the past. They all spoke so positively about it, I decided to just go for it. Several women from the other floors have come in and appear to be participating so I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
"You're the third one in from your floor. I have to say, I'm enjoying the reactions of the men so far. All have been very complimentary and their bulges are boosting my self-esteem. I can see why Diane always has a smile on her face!" She laughed.
"Well, you are everything I always thought you would be though I never envisioned you for sensual jewellery. I just glad it's not a bell!"
It was his turn to laugh.
Stephen made his way to his office. From what Dana had implied none of his female staff were in yet. That was concerning.
Diane meantime had made her way to her third-floor office. She had met some of her male colleagues on the way up who would need to visit A & E to have their jaws reset. As she climbed the stairs her breasts bounced in unison with her steps. For those coming up behind, they could see her delectable bum. Her alluring bare pussy lips played hide and seek as she took the stairs. The climb was far more enjoyable for them than usual.
Alan, in particular, had been overcome. He worked on the floor below and had been in front. He looked around as he stepped to the side towards his office. His jaw had dropped, his eyes could have been from a cartoon and he couldn't hold any conversation. He stared at her luscious breasts with her long erect nipples catching his attention before he looked down to her smooth pussy. He struggled to breathe. When she turned to go up the next flight of stairs, he almost lost it when he saw her perfect bum and fleeting glimpse of her bare pussy lips.
She was feeling very aroused at the effect she had had so far on the half dozen or so men she had interacted with on the stairs.
Once in her office, she sorted through her schedule. She had several meetings with other staff and a couple of clients coming in. Lunch with Kim, Phil, Neil, Sam and Stephen at the canteen. To call that a canteen was a breach of the Trades Description Act she thought. It was by far the best restaurant in Perth.
She noticed the reminder about the Nude Lady Dinner to be held that evening at the canteen. She knew she wanted to go. Kim probably would but what about Sam? She still didn't know if Sam was going to be naked but if she was, she thought they could all attend the Nude Lady Dinner.
She wondered what would happen if she proposed a Nude Male Dinner for another time?
As she heard people entering the office, Diane stepped out to greet them. She knew the work she had done in the gym had flattened her stomach. She'd lost those few pounds. The dark green earrings matched her eyes and the matching pendant drew your eyes to her full, perky breasts, with no sign of sagging. Her areolas were about an inch and a half broad and already showing signs of reddening. Her nipples which grew to more than half an inch long when she became aroused were at dipped headlight range, as Stephen called them, already. Her bare pussy was moistening further.
While she hadn't liked the waxing, she had to agree with Jane that the silk like results were worth it. Stephen had examined the result very closely, several times - leading to some fantastic orgasms.
Jim and Ron were gobsmacked when she appeared. Their jaws dropped. This was their second wildest fantasy (the first being intimate with her). She was even more stunning, in the flesh, if at all possible.
Ron recovered the quickest. "Diane, I won't apologise for looking as you are simply stunning. I never expected you to be involved. This is going to be a spectacular day."
Jim piped up, "I second that. This will be the best day at work ever! Now I know why Stephen always has a smile on his face!"
Diane smiled at them and welcomed the others as they arrived.
The four secretaries arrived together.
Audrey, her secretary was very nervous. Her eyes flew wide when she saw Diane. "Wow, she is hot" she thought. She had always had a bit of a bi curiosity and wouldn't have minded some time with Diane, one on one.
She was glad Diane had joined them as she said she would. Why had she doubted that?
With a large intake of breath, all the secretaries peeled off their coats to display their charms to all. Audrey, like the other secretaries, had come like that as she knew if she had to remove her clothes she couldn't have. They had all agreed to support each other and coming into together had helped each of them a lot.
James had just come in. Seeing Carla had been a surprise and even meeting other women on the stairs had not prepared him for this moment.
He saw all the secretaries and was amazed they had actually did it. He almost collapsed when he saw Diane.
He had always had a soft spot for Audrey but was very shy. As he looked at her, his eyes and jaw were wide open as he mentally burnt her vision into his brain.
At five foot four, she was a pocket dynamo. Her auburn hair framed her face and continued halfway down her back. Her skin was quite flawless. Her full breasts, to him, just seemed to ask to be caressed. Her areolas were deep pink and her nipples just begged to be kissed. Her flat stomach led to a carefully trimmed pubic patch which matched her hair. Her pussy lips were just visible and looked like they needed to be kissed and stroked. Her legs were smooth and absolutely perfect.
James blushed deeply. He was breathing slowly. He gradually collected his wits and said, "Audrey, I apologise for ogling like that. You are amazing. Well, you're always amazing but today you took it to another level. If you don't mind me saying it, I think you are truly gorgeous.
"Diane, you are as well. It's going to be a hard day!"
As what he said registered, he blushed even deeper. It wasn't helped when Audrey came up to him, her breasts bouncing their approval of his comments to give him a kiss and whisper "thank you" into his ear. As she walked away his heartbeat matched the rhythm of her bouncing breasts.
Just as the secretaries had removed their coats, Don and Bill came in.
"Bloody hell it's really real! I thought it was a wind up. Carla and now this. Wow, ladies you're all amazing." Don cried.
They turned to see him. His jaw was working on its own and they could see they had made an impression on him. They all smiled.
Helen was a typical Scottish ginger. Her hair was cut to frame her face which was smiling yet showed she was shocked she had done it. Her pale skin was blushing red. Her medium sized breasts had stiff nipples appearing from pink areolas. Her stomach was round and led to a ginger trap. Her pubic hair was trimmed so her prominent pussy lips were on display. Her long legs accented her smooth, trim bum as she twirled for them.
Anne had spiky brown hair with breasts which she had always seemed disappointed in as she hid herself. Today, they saw those were large, firm, perky with amazing wide areolas and erect nipples. While slightly overweight, she was curvy rather than fat. Her pubic area was hair free. Her lips were small and her vagina looked tight.
Bethany, as she said, grabbed a lot of attention. At five foot eight, she was tall. Her close-cropped hair was black with a blonde stripe, just off centre. Her smile was one of complete satisfaction. Her breasts, while showing no sign of sagging were the largest Don and most of the men had ever seen. The dark areolas and nipples looked like bullets coming out of a gun. Her stomach was rounded and led to a bare mons. Her pussy lips were visible and as she walked the pink of her vagina came into view.
She made him even harder than ever.
Rose, Mary and Jenny appeared together over the next few minutes. They removed their coats to show they had all decided to support the secretaries which pleased Diane as it showed they felt connected, a team.
Soon the rest of the staff appeared. From the expressions on their faces walking up the stairs had been more problematical than normal. Many eyes were wide open as well as mouths. Some showed they blushed easily. Most seemed to have rather tight trousers on.
The Year 1 of this experience showed they had never really expected what they were seeing.
As she walked around speaking to everyone she was aware of all the furtive glances being directed at the women.
She shouted out, "Listen, we are all on display. There is no need to resort to furtive glances. Look! Enjoy. The only difference to normal is our dress or rather lack of it. I'm proud of all the women on our staff. I'm sure all the men are as well. Beauty and guts. Go girls!"
The staff let out a roar of appreciation. They agreed with her.
Stephen meantime was beginning to worry. It was almost the official start time and none of his female staff had, as yet, turned up.
All the men were present. They were talking about Dana and the other ladies they had seen who were participating. What he liked was that none were disparaging, all were praising their colleagues not only for their looks but their bravery. Each knew how they would be feeling if the boot was on the other foot.
Phil, Neil and the other men were also concerned about their staff. They knew the strain this day had put the women under but had tried to be supportive. No one wanted any of them to lose their jobs. They depended on each and every one of them.
Stephen tried to ease the moment by trying to find out from Neil whether or not Sam was participating but he was not forthcoming. Phil confirmed that Kim was though that just meant she didn't put on her suspenders and stockings. He tried but Neil still wouldn't spill the beans on Sam.
Just then the main door opened with a bang and all the women staff came dancing in. Although, all were wearing their coats they were moving in a very suggestive manner.
As they reached their desks, Stephen was glad to see them smiling and immensely glad they had turned up.
They continued to dance and then, as one, they removed their coats revealing they were naked underneath.
All the men were shocked. None had expected that! Their hearts raced and their brains cleared, the blood rushing to their nether regions where penises were now rock solid.
If anyone had thought to record their expressions they would have made a fortune selling them for side show prizes.
They were all stunned. Their jaws slack, their eyes on stocks and many were speechless. Most had stopped breathing!
If that had been all, the men would have cheered loudly but!
The women appeared to have a plan in which they set out to tease those in their own teams most. They fixed their eyes on the men as they continued to dance, bump and grind around their desks.
The heart rates of the men were bordering heart attack range. They had to remember to breathe. Their eyes were trying to see everything at once. There was so much to see yet their brains couldn't comprehend it all due to lack of blood.
This had trumped any fantasies they may have had. It was better than any professional dance troupe they had ever seen.
As the dancers continued, they put even more into it, watching the reactions of the men. Breasts were bouncing, often being caressed and held up towards them as though for inspection. Their hips swaying and bums moving in all directions, pussies were being flashed as though they were trying to catch the obvious erections on display.
It was as if they were trying to get them to come in their pants.
They were!
As his eyes roamed around the room, Stephen saw Dana in the doorway recording this. He had to find a way of getting a copy as no one would believe him this had happened.
His eyes noted the bodies of the women, so different but each so sexy. He felt his rushed breathing and his face blushing. He was rock solid as his little man wanted out to play!
He saw all the men appreciate every woman. All were absolutely gobsmacked.
He focussed in on Moira. She seemed to be relaxed and enjoying herself so different from what he had feared but so what he wished for, for her.
She was as fabulous as he thought she would be. Her brunette hair was in a French curl and fell halfway down her back. Her face was smiling, full of surprise and joy at what she was achieving. He saw her large breasts, bouncing as she danced, her nipples standing proud almost writing in the air. Her stomach was rounded but not fat. Her mons was bare but what shocked him was the beautiful tattoo she had covering her left thigh, hip and that side of her mons and stomach. The design was amazing and the colours were vibrant. The artist had captured something really special while no doubt enjoying working on that flawless skin. As she moved revealing more of her pussy, her nether lips seemed to smile at him causing him to catch his breath.
He was glad that Diane had blown him earlier or he would have cum in his trousers.
It appeared that Moira was giving him a personal lap dance as she danced in front of him. He could see her nipples extend and her pussy moisten. As she moved her nether lips parted teasingly. She was smiling at him, her eyes showing how much she was loving the effect she was having on him. As she turned he saw her bum was like a peach, just waiting to be plucked. She was even more beautiful than he had ever imagined.
Matt was very lucky.
Just as he thought it couldn't get any better, the dancing changed. Each woman seemed to concentrate on just one man. They crossed a boundary into making visual love with them. The dance slowed, the movements softer, gentle, leading to more caressing of their bodies as their hands lightly moved around their bodies provocatively.
Stephen couldn't take his eyes of Moira. She was smiling, pouting her lips, staring at his erection. She was so hot!
Moira's hands gently meandered down her body. Stephen never breathed after she presented her awesome breasts to him, lightly caressing them as she pulled her nipples. As her hands continued down to her pussy, his eyes almost came out as well as his rampant little man.
As she reached her pussy, she lay back on her desk, opening her legs fully. Her wet, pussy open to welcome him. Simulating being fucked, she bucked and bucked, before collapsing onto her desk, turning so he could see her pleasure holes.
After lying still for about ten seconds, as if on cue, the women all got up and sat at their desks.
Stephen was aware that all their eyes were on him. To give himself time, he reached up and mimicked putting his jaw back into place. Not so far from the truth.
As he looked around he saw Dave checking out Pearl, one of the former Butler's staff technicians. Dave was shy but Pearl was extremely shy though both had a liking for each other. Pearl's dance had obviously gone down well with Dave who was starstruck. Stephen wondered where she had hidden that awesome body and found the strength to perform.
Neil, Phil and the others chosen for that final erotic experience were all showing shock. All were struggling to breathe. He knew, they like him, had been moments away from cumming if they hadn't already.
As he looked around the room he was aware, even more than normal how amazing his staff were. The men were obviously very happy after that display, not only for what they had witnessed but for the obvious joy this had given their women colleagues.
"Ladies, I don't know what to say. I'm waiting for my blood to return to my main brain! I've never been to a strip bar but I cannot think any could offer anything approaching how great that was. It was breath-taking!
"I'm so proud of all of you. I was so nervous about today as I think all of us mere men were. While as men, we loved the idea, as friends and colleagues we didn't want you to feel embarrassed or feel unable to participate so leave us.
"Your entrance and dancing was unbelievable. You blew all our worries, all our fantasies out of the water. I hope you blew your own as well. Let's enjoy the rest of today. But ladies, a big thank you from us all, you're fantastic."
Stephen began clapping and the other men joined in. He watched as the women got their breath back. He saw the erect nipples on many different styles and sizes of breasts but he really found himself more in awe of the way the women held themselves. They looked more confident, they were in control!
When he limped into his office, Stephen called Diane and told her what his female staff had done. She loved it. She told him that all her office was participating as well. There will be quite a few with bruised chests she thought.
Diane asked him about attending the Nude Lady Dinner that night in the canteen. He agreed it would be a terrific way to end the day but they would have to book. Neil wouldn't say whether Sam was participating but he would ask him and Phil. He wondered about asking if Moira would like to come with Matt. "The more the merrier," Diane said. "We can speak some more about it at lunch."
Stephen was working through his correspondence when Moira came into his office.
"Moira, what can I say, that was absolutely fantastic. You all really rocked our boats! You'll need to explain to me how that came about. I could never have guessed that would happen. After the last few days, I feared the worst.
"I'm sorry for staring at you so closely but you are truly gorgeous. I never figured you for a tattoo girl but that is just beautiful. As someone who hates needles, I couldn't do that. It must have hurt."
Moira smiled, "Stephen, you can look and enjoy. I know you have always wondered so today you have your fantasy. Today shocked me as well but in a good way!
"The tattoo did hurt but it's meaning was what was important to me. It represents my parents and their strength for me when I was a child and very ill. The Phoenix rising was me recovering. I'll never have children because of the treatment but I'll always have their love and support and now Matt's."
Stephen was stunned. He never knew this about her.
"That makes the tattoo even more special. The artist did a fantastic job capturing all that," he replied solemnly.
"You're right I have always wondered but in my defence, I knew you would be beautiful though you're far more beautiful that I imagined you to be. You're truly stunning.
"I was so concerned when you and the others didn't turn up till right on time. I'm so glad you did and that dance will stay with me forever.
"I saw how you all held yourselves as you sat down. There was a confidence that wasn't there before. I hope today will continue to inspire you all.
"Diane asked me if we wanted to go to the Nude Lady Dinner tonight to celebrate today. I suggested asking you and Matt to join us. Diane said, "the more the merrier." I would be delighted if you would join us. Kim and Phil and perhaps Neil and Sam. He won't say if Sam is participating today."
Moira smiled, "I had never thought of that but given how I'm feeling, I'm up for that. It's not as if I have to spend ages getting ready! I'll call Matt."
They tackled the work. Stephen's mind kept missing some details as he was distracted by Moira leaning over displaying her amazing breasts or opening and closing her legs, displaying her tight looking pussy. Her lips looked moist and rather inviting. He almost lost it when she bent over displaying that round bum to perfection and her bum hole seemed to wink at him.
Whilst apparently looking down at her pad, she could see him out of the corner of her eyes and was very pleased at the reactions she was inspiring in him.
As Moira went to her desk to write up the notes, Stephen needed to go to the toilet before his forthcoming meeting with a prospective new client. As he limped along, it seemed like all the ladies needed to turn towards him. He saw their lovely breasts; his jaw dropped further as he saw one even had her nipples pierced. Some brazenly opened their legs showing their pussies which all seemed wet.
He was beginning to understand why the secretaries had wanted nude secretaries' day to continue. They were in control.
On his return he had to run the gauntlet again. His pleasure was evident as he saw them eyeing him up. He didn't know if he would survive the day!
In Diane's office the electrical contractors had turned up to check all the plugs and sockets. She couldn't decide if they were really efficient or not but they seemed to be able to crawl under the desks, use their meters to check supply whilst managing to check out all the charms of the ladies sitting at the desks.
She had noticed several, like the one who checked her office installation, bang their heads as they turned their heads to be met by wide open legs displaying what were by now (in her case anyway) very wet pussies.
She caught Bethany, the quiet black girl with what she now saw, a superb body, get down on the floor to point something out to the man checking her sockets. He was carefully checking her large orbs as well. The man across from her, under Jenny's desk, caught her open pink pussy, which was on display, so different to the skin around it. Jenny had her legs open so he could see her pussy through her pubic hair as well. He dropped his meter! Jenny reached down to help him find it. He was blushing so red as her perky breasts with small nipples were just an inch from his face.
Bethany stood up and looked directly at Diane. She smiled. She knew what she was displaying and loved the response. So much for being wary of the attention Diane thought.
Diane thought at this rate the first aiders will be very busy.
As the morning went on, she felt she needed some first aid for her pussy herself but Stephen wasn't around.
She could tell many of her colleagues were feeling the same. Some spent a little longer in the toilets and came back flushed looking. She would try to avoid that so she was hungry for Stephen later.
Stephen was in his office. He had gathered everything for the meeting. Moira was with him making sure he was distracted.
"We'll set up in the conference room. Have Phil, Jody, Dave and Pearl come through. The new clients will be here shortly."
They had all gathered when there was a knock on the door.
Moira answered it, dragging many eyes with her beautiful body.
It was Dana. As he saw her Stephen slapped his forehead. Dana smiled.
Dana had changed her clit hood ring to a 'bell!' She rang it for him.
The others looked at him and her. He had a big smile.
Dana saw him blushing. She decided to put him out of his misery but not before giving another ring.
"This is Mr and Mrs Diack who have an appointment with you. Diack Power."
If Dana had surprised him, Mr and Mrs Diack floored him. It was Jane and John from their holiday. He knew their name but hadn't put them together. They had met up several times since but business never came up.
"Jane, John it's great to see you both." In fact, it was true but as Jane was in the nude, he appreciated her more. Her large breasts and silky-smooth pussy were not so tanned but still looked awesome.
Phil wouldn't let him start the meeting without explaining Dana so he told them about their interaction that morning. All laughed.
Stephen introduced Jane and John and told Phil that Jane was responsible for his injured hand.
The meeting was about the use of hydrogen to power mobile generators at work sites and in small electric generating plants in remote areas which still relied on diesel generators.
Over the course of the meeting, Stephen was delighted to see a more confident Pearl ask searching questions about locations and diameters for the machinery explaining how some had been caught out by forgetting access issues. Dave was also very helpful with some inciteful questions. Jody asked about minimum and maximum loads and whether they wanted the capability to use them as multiple or just single units.
The only distraction other than the naked women was a shout from the main office, "Oh FUCK!"
The meeting was almost coming to a close when there was knock on the door. Jody answered it, swaying her hips to attract their attention. Her bum was amazing, smooth and glowing. Her Indian heritage gave her skin a lovely brown hue. The dark hair surrounding her extremely wet pussy was neatly trimmed. As she opened the door, her more than ample breasts, which had been mostly shielded caused a few jaws to drop. The large, dark areolas were topped by beautiful nipples which were erect and oh, so mouth-watering.
At the door were two females who identified themselves as from FibreO who were here to check the computer cabling. Could they have a few minutes?
None of the males wished to deny them access. They were nude and sensational.
All of them were asked to move from their chairs so they could check under the table links. Stephen was not surprised that he was not alone with a raging erection as pussies came and went from view. Sometimes closed, sometimes open but always causing him to catch his breath. They were certainly very wet. His thoughts weren't helped when they passed tools to each other, breasts caressing the other's body. He knew they knew what they were doing to him and the others.
Dave watched them but his main focus was Pearl. He had always liked her but today she was amazing. Pearl could feel his scrutiny and knew she had turned him on. She had picked him to do the final dance routine too. She still didn't know how she had managed to do it. She liked him but!
The two girls finished and crawled out from under the table. Both shook their heads.
Stephen asked lightly, "What that was about?"
Stella smiled as she replied, "We try and get some to come in their pants. You may have heard one earlier. I've managed three today, Sheena's on five. I think she's got invisible hands!"
Everyone laughed.
Sheena had noticed Dave and Pearl.
"Stella," she said, "You have to tell them your story! About trapping Doug."
"Sheena, they don't want to hear about me."
"Go on, there are two here who need your advice!"
Stephen remembered Diane telling the tale so nodded that she should speak.
"Well. We were putting all the fibre optic cabling in. Doug, the computer genius did the design. We kind of had the hots for each other but he is very shy. I didn't know how to approach him either. On the first Nude Secretaries' Day, we all, there were originally three of us, there's more now, were working au naturelle in building three. I don't know how often I was up a ladder, on the floor, over a bench flashing my assets at him. I saw his arousal. I knew he wanted me but was scared to approach me.
"In the end I just told him to hold the ladder as it was moving. I came down quickly knowing he was watching me closely. I didn't give him time to move as I sat my pussy on his face and told him to eat me out as he had made me so hot.
"We're getting married in the summer!"
Both Dave and Pearl blushed deeply as they looked at each other. No one had ever eaten Pearl out but she found herself wanting Dave to. Dave liked the idea as well!
Jane and John looked at each other.
Jane spoke, "We're looking to replace our computer systems, especially if everything we discussed here today goes ahead. Are you part of Hydra?"
Stella replied, "No, we are our own company. We couldn't get jobs because we were women so we started up ourselves. Fortunately, Doug knew of us and other small companies in the computer field so suggested us. George prefers to engage local companies and he treats us very well. Often Doug will design systems for companies like yours on Hydra's time if your standards match Hydra's. George is happy for him to do so.
"I can speak with Doug and we'll be in contact to discuss what you need for now and into the future."
Jane smiled, "That would be great. I'm sure I could organise a nude day in our office when you come! I can't believe how great today has felt. We go to nude beaches which is where we met Stephen and Diane but this is an adrenalin rush in comparison."
John looked on in shock!
Stephen piped up, "It's lunchtime. I'm meeting Diane along with some of this disreputable bunch. Would you like to join us?"
Jane and John said they would. Stella said they had to get on. "We're trying to find Jonathan from Wright's who transferred to another Hydra firm. Sheena has the hots for him but he is so shy. Last year she flaunted herself and he almost took the bait. Later, she had to go back to resolve a problem so instead of her overalls she wore a short skirt, suspenders and stockings and a micro thong. The poor boy almost collapsed."
Phil piped up, "Isn't he working on Diane's floor?"
Stephen said, "I believe so, Building Six, floor three."
Stella checked their worksheets. "We have that." Sheena's face brightened.
Being gentlemen, the men let the ladies leave the office first. The heat coming from them was making them sweat! They limped out behind them.
As they walked through the office, the other ladies made life very difficult for them. It appeared breasts needed shaking and pussies airing.
They were glad when the ones heading to the canteen had to cover up due to the snow still falling on the walk there.
Dave and Pearl were walking together. Not quite hand in hand but very close.
Phil seemed very happy. "Moment of truth coming up, eh Neil?" who had joined them.
Neil looked and spread his hands, "I honestly don't know what she was intending. All week she has gone from yes to no to yes to no! She was so wrapped up this morning I never got a clue what she was wearing. I still don't know how I feel, either way!
"Moira, I know you were scared but this morning's show and since then, how has it been for you?"
John and Jane looked at her surprised.
Moira began, "Like Sam I questioned if I could or not. I spoke with others who had done this previously. All were very positive. The girls on the floor and I discussed everything. Everyone was concerned and frightened."
Pearl nodded.
"I don't know how it came about but the idea of acting together as a group seemed to help everyone."
Pearl added, "That was Jody. She was terrified but thought if everyone did it at the same time it would be easier. That worked for us all. Someone mentioned dancing in like a wedding they had been at. Melanie and Joanna worked out the choreography. We practised after you left at night. I was mortified with it all, especially the final bit."
Moira added, "Yes, last night's - 'dress rehearsal' - was such a laugh and a buzz, we knew we could rock it this morning. Matt didn't stand a chance last night.
"As for this morning's experience, I have to say my sceptical self has been put in place. This has been awesome so far. Maybe we'll have to try like Stella and Sheena to pop you boys later. What do you think Pearl?"
"I think one step at a time, maybe next year," Pearl said as she looked at Dave.
Dave was blushing, it wouldn't take much to make him pop.
As they entered the canteen, the ladies put their coats on the racks. Diane and Kim were waiting on them. Stephen hugged Diane. Her nipples bit into his chest as she ground her pussy against his erection. He had to take a few deep breaths. Kim hugged Phil who had the same experience.
Diane had been delighted and surprised to see Jane and John. Stephen explained they were hopefully their new clients. They were waiting on Sam who was running late.
As they waited Jane asked about the comment on Phil's hand. Diane told her Kim and she had been waxed on Tuesday night for today. She had almost broken Stephen's left hand but Kim had grabbed Phil's right, his main hand.
Phil said "OOOOOUUUUUCH!!!"
Jane laughed.
Jane asked Diane , "How do you find it?"
"It's certainly silky smooth. I'll probably do it again as you said it gets easier. It certainly helps that Stephen has more time in the morning rather than just shave and suck me!"
Now Stephen was blushing even more.
Diane asked, "Do you want to check, Jane?"
Stephen choked!
Jane nodded. John's eyebrows raised. Today was certainly going to blow his mind and other parts.
Sam entered to see Jane slowly caressing from Diane's mons, over her pussy down to her anus. Diane looked off in a different world. Sam was breathing hard. She was startled when Kim asked Jane if she wanted to feel her as well. Jane didn't miss a beat as she slowly explored Kim's pussy. Kim looked like the experience was wonderful.
Those at nearby tables were aroused to say the least and some jaws dislocated!
Stephen knew his blood pressure was as high as it had been when his staff had danced. Looking at Phil and Neil he saw they were as red as him, their tongues literally hanging out. John looked on in awe.
Sam interrupted their thoughts by asking, "What do you have to do to have that attention?"
No one had seen her coming, their attention being elsewhere.
Neil was shocked but almost immediately found himself very pleased to see that she was indeed nude.
Stephen, Phil and John took in her light red/blond hair which curled down to her shoulders. Her face was smiling but her eyes showed her arousal. Her breasts which were a large handful had deep pink areolas with erect nipples striking out to catch your attention. As their eyes went further down they saw a flat stomach and a well-trimmed mons with a landing strip. Her pussy lips were fairly long and looked very inviting. Her long legs made you want to run your hands up and down them stopping often at what was a very wet nectar pot. She was smoulderingly hot!
Stephen and Phil had to concede she was just as much a sex goddess as their wives, after all.
Jane replied to Sam's question, "Normally I only check waxed pussies but I'll make an exception for you, if you wish?"
Neil almost fainted when Sam told her to go ahead. He didn't believe his penis could get any harder but it did. Sam's face looked serene, though her nipples gave her away, as Jane slowly caressed her whole pussy to her bum hole.
"Wow!" was all Sam said.
They sat at the table and gave their naked waitress Charlene their orders.
John asked if that was the usual waitress attire. Unfortunately not, he was told.
They discussed their morning's which drew a lot of laughter and merriment.
Diane asked if anybody was interested in the Nude Lady Dinner this evening. Moira had spoken with Matt and he would join them. Phil and Kim agreed as did Neil and Sam. Stephen invited Jane and John who were happy to come as well.
Over their meal, Jane asked Moira about her tattoo. After she explained it, she asked if she could touch it as it was so striking. Moira said go ahead.
Moira's breath started to quiver as Jane slowly moved along the lines of the Phoenix, up her thigh, over her hip to her mons and stomach, almost wishing she would play with her pussy like she had the others.
Jane told her, "It's almost like touching the feathers of a real bird. It is exquisite."
Stephen told Diane about Sheena and her hunting for Jonathan. He said that Stella had told her story about Doug as a suggestion to Pearl and Dave. They were sitting together at a table nearby but had eyes only for each other. Diane thought she would have to tell Audrey so she could snare James.
All too soon it was time to return to work. Charlene having earned a good tip with the way she had aroused the men especially. They bid farewell to Jane and John and would see them for the Dinner at 7pm.
Stephen didn't know if he would survive until the end of the evening. Diane had been shamelessly exposing herself to him, laughing at his face and pouting towards his not so little man. Was it only six months ago she was so staid? She'd never have been involved today.
Kim had been giving Phil a show which was raising his blood pressure as high as earlier. Her pussy seemed intent on throwing kisses at him. She was very wet!
Neil and Sam were in an earnest conversation as she absentmindedly kept opening her legs giving him a beautiful view of her extremely wet pussy. Her inner lips were open showing the depth of her love for him. She was breathing hard. That this view also included those around them, just added to her arousal.
She had never expected that when she decided at the last minute this morning if Diane could do it she could. She had soon found herself teasing the men around her all morning. She found that very arousing.
Stephen had a light bulb moment as they approached the toilets. The canteen's toilets were single rather than communal. He pulled Diane in with him.
Phil took the hint and pulled Kim into a toilet. Neil did the same with Sam. Moira was feeling decidedly left out. If only Matt was here she would have done the same. Moira continued to the office on her own, maybe she would need to visit the toilets there herself.
As Stephen, Neil and Phil returned to their building, Dana was at her desk. They were feeling better now and had big smiles on their faces.
Dana asked politely, "Did you ring Diane's bell then?" with such an irreverent smile that Stephen had to laugh. Neil and Phil did too.
In a comic tone Stephen told her, "It had worked till I saw you again. I thought I would be okay for a bit longer. You're like Heineken you've reached the parts other beers don't."
A smiling Dana teased, "Anytime you need a hand to rise to the occasion just give me a call."
Walking away, Stephen said, "I know when I'm beat!"
Diane was walking through her office feeling absolutely great. She had blown Stephen in record time and he had 'dried her' to two very quick orgasms. She knew her headlights were still on full beam. She drew attention from all the men there. She smiled as though this was an everyday occurrence.
She called Audrey into her office.
"Audrey, there will be two women from the computer side coming to check the cabling. One of them, Sheena is very keen on Jonathan. She almost snared him last year apparently but as you know he is extremely shy. She intends to snare him this year by using all her feminine wiles if you know what I mean. I know you have a soft spot for James and he for you. If you want to rock his boat to catch him, use your feminine wiles."
Audrey nodded and thought before asking a question. "Can I ask how it felt when that women felt your pussy? I saw it and thought it was so sexy. I've occasionally wondered about that but have never done so."
Diane smiled, "I met Jane on holiday at the nude beach. She took us under her wing. Stephen found her pussy so smooth he asked her about it. She has it waxed. She told me to feel it. I did. Like you I had never done anything like that but I just did as she asked. It was quite a different experience from feeling my own pussy. I had a wax on Tuesday. It's bloody painful but worth it.
"Jane and her husband had a meeting with Stephen but he didn't realise it was the same people until they arrived. This time I asked Jane if she wanted to feel my pussy before I even recognised the thought. As she did it, it was like I was in a dreamworld. The feeling was so different from when Stephen does it. It was lighter, slower and connected to me differently. It did turn me on not only the physical touch but Stephen and others watching. That was surprising.
"I wouldn't want to go further than that but at the time I couldn't have stopped her.
"Do you want to feel it?"
Audrey's jaw dropped. Her fantasy from the morning took over. She slowly traced her hand over Diane's mons, down her wet pussy lips and to her bum. Diane breathed slowly but her headlights showed how aroused she was.
Audrey sounded in shock, "Wow, that's so smooth. I haven't removed my pussy hair before but I'll think about it."
Diane was breathing deeply.
"Go hook James if you want" Diane said to break the spell.
"We have that meeting coming up, ask James, Jenny and Mary to join us."
Audrey left to carry out her instructions. Normally James wouldn't have been involved in this meeting so Diane was giving her the option to snare him.
As she looked around the office, she saw William was struggling to breathe.
Bethany, who seemed to be someone else, not the shy woman she had always known, was blatantly teasing him. She had 'dropped' some files by him and bent down to retrieve them. This showed her large breasts with prominent dark areolas and erect nipples. She smiled at him as she turned allowing him a view of her pink pussy lips which seemed to be speaking to him.
As she stood up she appeared to shiver causing her breasts to bounce.
This was the last straw for William who had to grab his crotch and run off.
Bethany was laughing.
She caught Audrey's stare.
"He's always been so nice to me, I wanted to give him something back. I think he came in his pants!"
Audrey asked, "Just from that?"
"No, I've been teasing him all day!"
Audrey laughed.
Carla escorted the clients in. She seemed more assured than normal. The two women were owners of a company which required their professional help to design a new office block.
Dawn and Frieda surprised them by turning up nude. Both were in their early fifties but nonetheless drew admiring looks from many of the male staff, young and old.
Dawn had greying brown hair cut short with eyes which showed the wrinkles from many a laugh. Her mouth seemed built to please you whether you were a woman or man. Her breasts were sagging slightly but had deep red areolas and bashful nipples. Her slightly rounded stomach led to a trimmed, greying brown pubic mons which drew you further to her rich red pussy lips which seemed pursed to kiss you. Her bum was trim and her legs looked smooth and flawless.
Frieda was a blonde with flowing hair. Her face was attractive, her eyes seemed so full of life. One breast had had surgery and lost some shape. She had two bees covering the scar as a tattoo. The other was a good handful with a nipple that was erect and biteable. She also had a rounded stomach but her full pubic hair was coloured like the Scottish flag. Her pussy had small lips which were barely concealed by her hair. Her legs were well toned.
Diane introduced everyone. The girls were here to collate and collect all the initial details of what they wished. James was a junior architect who had been asked to join them as she thought having someone from that side at this stage may prove beneficial.
As the meeting went on, Dawn and Frieda soon learned that another reason for James's presence was that the women were teasing him rigid, especially Audrey who made sure he had every opportunity to view her many charms. Mary and Jenny took it in turns to turn up the heat.
Mary had dark hair which just touched her shoulders. She was an upbeat character, always smiling but today her smile was infectious. Her medium sized breasts had the largest areolas which covered about a quarter of them. Her mons had been trimmed to a heart which left her prominent pussy lips freely visible. They often opened and blew a kiss to James. She had recently returned from holiday and the tan lines showed her bikini was fairly conservative so her display was out of character.
Jenny was the shy one. Her face seemed still in shock she was nude. Her mousey hair cascaded down to mid back level which meant her hair caressed her full breasts, something she was finding arousing. Her nipples were erect. She thought her bum was her best feature and was in a position she could flaunt it at James. As she did, her pussy lips escaped from her fullish hair covering.
Diane watched and saw the result. James looked fairly well endowed. Audrey would have some fun with that if she wished. She also managed to give James an unrestricted view of her extremely wet pussy on a number of occasions, purely accidentally!
Dawn and Frieda joined in showing that age didn't mean anything. They appeared to be having a blast teasing him!
James was trying so hard to concentrate on the meeting but his eyes kept being distracted. Everywhere he looked a wet pussy was smiling at him. Between that and their breasts bouncing, he had never been so hard.
Audrey was all he ever thought she was and more. He realised she was teasing him as she liked him, a lot. He would try to ask her out later. After this meeting was over he would need to go to the toilet or else.
They were distracted by someone shouting, "Hang Five Sister, another one!"
Diane started laughing.
As the others looked at her, she said, "FibreO are checking the computer cables. They are all female and nude. They try and get the men to pop. Sounds like someone did. What do you think James?"
James was blushing really badly by now. "I wouldn't be surprised if he's been as mercilessly teased as me."
Looking directly at Audrey, he added, "Much more and I'll join him!"
The women laughed but in companionable way.
There was a knock on the door. Two women asked if they could come in to check the cables.
Diane told them that was fine.
As they did, Diane asked if the one that popped was Jonathan.
Stella answered with a smile, "Sheena finally managed to get him. She even asked him out and he agreed."
Diane said, "If there's any spaces for the Nude Lady Dinner take him there tonight."
Stella turned to Sheena, "Why not, Doug and I are going?"
Sheena nodded, "I'll suggest that on the way out."
James looked at Audrey and said, "Audrey would you like to attend the Nude Lady Dinner with me tonight if we can get a space?" he looked startled he had spoken.
Audrey went up to him and gave him a big kiss, grinding her body against his. He popped!
"Just in case you don't realise, that's a yes!" she said seductively.
James was embarrassed he had come but delighted he had plucked up the nerve to ask Audrey out.
The antics of Stella and Sheena under the table soon had him hard again.
After Stella and Sheena left, Diane started to close the meeting. Jenny and Mary had been far more engaged and involved than normal. They spoke up and made positive suggestions. While James had been an afterthought, he had added positively to the meeting so in future she would include some of the junior architects in those meetings.
Dawn and Frieda had found the meeting positive on a number of levels. They were impressed with the 'professionalism' of Diane's staff, even allowing for their playing with James. The level of detail extracted meant the next meeting would have some substantial ground to cover.
They and Diane were the last to leave.
Diane said, "If you don't mind can I ask why you decided to join us?"
Dawn said, "It was meeting Carla, your receptionist. We knew about the secretaries but didn't expect others to be involved. When we saw her, I asked why and she explained she was supporting the secretaries and many others did as well. She had found it empowering. Best of all, local charities like the hospice would be getting assistance because of it. She was worth about £3000 she said."
Frieda added, "As you can see I had a brush with my mortality. Several of those I met during my treatments ended up in the hospice. I asked why she said she was worth that. She explained how the money was raised. As George doubled that it was really £6000. Many female clients and contractors also come along in the nude to boost the funds.
"I looked at Dawn and said when will we ever have the opportunity to have men drool over us again? She smiled so we put our clothes in the boxes and came up.
"Carla led us. She was very confident and was happy for the men to view her. That came to us as well. It really was heartening to see the young men and not so young men look us over. Their smiles and obvious pleasure gave my self-esteem a big boost.
"Poor James. He was well teased but I'm glad he overcame his shyness. Your staff have been excellent.
"I'm sure even when the contract is done, we'll find a way to visit next year. What do you think Dawn?"
"Definitely, I just wish I was going to the Nude Lady Dinner. Paul would have a heart attack! I haven't felt this aroused in years."
"I can call the canteen and see if they have space for you?" Diane offered.
Dawn and Frieda nodded holding up four fingers. They did but it was filling up fast.
Frieda told Diane, "My husband Eric has always wondered about Dawn. Now he'll find out. I'll find out about Paul. We'll tease them like poor James!"
They all laughed.
Diane asked, "Can I ask why the bees?"
Frieda, smiled, "Bees give us all life. Without them we perish!"
As they left Diane said she would see them later. She confirmed with Audrey she already had her booking made.
On Stephen's return to his office, Moira told him he had a CV to read. He remembered Carla. He had a look through her CV and it seemed she would be a good fit for Neil's team. He ran the gauntlet of the ladies as he walked or rather limped over to his desk.
Neil looked it over and said he would be happy to interview her. He would get a letter out to her.
Stephen said she was Diane's building receptionist as she couldn't get a job in her field and was free after 2pm. She was participating if he wanted to interview her today.
Neil smiled, "You're trying to get me to pop aren't you? It might have worked until Sam came to my rescue! Mind you another twenty seconds of that dance and I would have!
"I'll give her a call and tell Dana she's coming to see me."
As he returned to his office, Stephen saw Moira grab her coat. Her bum looked amazing as she stretched for it.
"You leaving already? Have you got Matt so excited he needs some TLC?"
Moira just shook her head at him, "Really men! I'm just going over to Wright's with some documents."
"Okay, I apologise," Stephen said, "but don't you think the other ladies would like to see what you're obviously heading off to see? Don't you think you could arrange to have them come and pick up the documents? I'm sure your female colleagues would think even more highly of you!"
Moira smiled. "Okay you got me, let me see what I can arrange."
Moira phoned over and was soon laughing and giggling with her colleague. Her breasts bouncing about didn't help his erection.
When she came off the phone, she told Stephen, "That's not the first request they have had today. they have been in demand and don't disappoint. She will send them here as soon as they are free. I'll warn Dana or should I have warned them about her?"
Moira was soon glad she hadn't left as the electrical contractors came to check their sockets and plugs. Moira took every advantage to tease the young lad under her desk. So much so he almost had a concussion.
She saw the others doing the same apart from Pearl who strictly flirted with Dave.
Melinda was looking highly aroused. She was leaning back in her chair, her legs open. She seemed to be breathing quickly, and her breasts were pink, rising and falling quickly. She was colouring, looking like she was flushing. Suddenly, she grabbed her chair arms as she appeared to cum. Her body jerking for quite a few seconds.
As she tried to compute what had happened, Moira was surprised to see a nude young female contractor emerge from under her desk smiling to herself. She never knew Melinda had bi tendencies.
Shortly after, Dana arrived with Stephen's two o'clock appointment. He was startled again. She was wearing a dazzling bird now on her clit hood.
It was a father and son, Mark and Ian, who ran a forestry contractor business who wanted to investigate changing to hydrogen generators and powered vehicles. They were accompanied by a very attractive and highly blushing secretary who Mark introduced as his daughter Miriam.
Moira and Jody joined them.
Mark open by saying, "We knew about nude secretaries' day when we made this appointment but it was the only day when we were free. I'm surprised to see so many naked ladies."
Stephen explained, "Many of the other ladies show their support for the secretaries by working in the nude. It also adds to the charity pot as while the secretaries' number is divided into the pot made by all the male staff donations, if any other female does that, they are awarded that figure. So, I think the figure per secretary will be slightly over £3000. Our five secretaries mean over £15000 but as the other six have joined them, that adds £18000 which means we put £33000 into the pot. We've had one client go naked and three female contractors so that adds another £12000. Then George doubles all the contributions.
"Last year they raised just under half a million pounds for local charities. This year because they added this firm and the one next door, they think it could be beyond three quarters of a million."
Mark asked, "What about you Moira and Jody? How do you feel about it?"
Moira answered, "I was petrified but this is such a good place to work I hoped I could do it. I went back and forth. I spoke with some who have done it and all said it was such a positive experience. All of the women on this floor decided to do this together, that support was crucial. All of us came dancing in together and took off our coats. We were all nude underneath. The effect on Stephen and the rest of the men was awesome. We kicked their butts.
"I have to say, if I'm asked I would say embrace it. It has been so liberating and to be honest having the men under our spell is amazing."
Jody said, "I agree. I was petrified at the thought but with everyone supporting each other, I managed it. It is liberating. I feel more able to speak and put my ideas forward.
"All the men have shown such respect even if their erections are close to breaking out their trousers. We've all had the 'you're amazing, fucking hell you're gorgeous' which boosts our self-esteem. Best of all, I even made one of them pop. That really pleased me!"
As she was speaking, her self-confidence was fully on display. Her large breasts with her nipples erect held themselves proudly. She looked totally in control.
Both Mark and Ian had risen further.
Miriam stunned her dad by standing up and beginning to take off her clothes.
She looked at him, "Hydra support the hospice which looked after mum. If taking my clothes off gives them £6000 I'll happily do that. We can never thank them enough for what they did for mum and for us."
Stephen watched as Mark and Ian struggled with their emotions.
He had to say that she was beautiful. About five foot six, long blond hair almost to her bum. She had green eyes and a full mouth. Her breasts were full and plump with almost red areolas with nipples which were becoming erect. Her stomach flat and flawless. Her mons had light, thin wispy blond hairs which did not conceal what was a lovely pussy. It was fairly closed but he could see signs of moisture appearing. As she turned to lay her clothing down her bum was stretched. It was full and looked so smooth. Her legs were toned.
They continued their meeting. Jody was more involved than ever before. She had many good ideas. Miriam chimed in with some of her own which caught her dad off guard. Was she having the 'nude' effect?
There was a knock on the door and Hannah came in. Ian's jaw dropped at the sight of her. She was a beautiful redhead, his favourite. Her smiling face attracted him. Her breasts were superb with nipples which begged to be sucked. Her bare pussy which had prominent lips showed how aroused she was. His trousers which were already very tight just got tighter!
Hannah saw his reaction and teased him further by opening her legs wider causing her nether lips to part which sent a shudder through him.
"Moira, the Wright's men are here to collect those documents." (a slight pause) "Thank you!"
Moira and Stephen laughed. Moira signalled Jody and Miriam to come with her.
Mark was blushing furiously. Jody's body was truly awesome but Miriam's was so like his late wife's, it was uncanny. He felt ashamed for looking so closely at her.
Moira took her time walking to her desk to retrieve the documents. The Wright's secretaries were indeed naked. She saw that her other colleagues had been teasing them and they had definitely risen to the challenge.
The secretaries had full sight of her phoenix in close flight with her breasts which caught your eyes. If they moved their eyes down to her bare pussy, it seemed to wink at them.
She made a play of bending over slowly to retrieve the documents from the lowest drawer where she had placed them on purpose to allow herself to display not only her Phoenix caressing her bum but all her love holes. She moved her bum seductively and suggestively. Her pussy lips opened showing her hot love channel. There may well have been steam rising!
She felt vindicated when the one closest to her came. He looked shocked.
Moira took some tissues from her desk and wiped him clean which caused him to groan in ecstasy, before kneeling down to wipe the flooring. The sensual way she moved her bum causing it to open up to the second one was too much for him who promptly came as well.
Jody grabbed the tissues and cleaned him making sure he was completely sperm free. Her breath onto his exposed penis began its revival.
It seemed that Moira and Jody had very healing hands as the two men rose again from the ashes.
As they left, Moira asked, "Same time next year?"
They nodded as they left but not before being assailed by more flashing pussies. To think they had dreaded today!
The women came back into the room. Stephen had seen what had happened. He couldn't believe it.
For the next hour, the meeting continued. Miriam and Jody taking more centre stage. Moira adding in as well.
When it broke up they had a good base for working out different strategies and would continue to meet up.
Mark said, "While it would always be a pleasure today was something I will always remember positively."
Ian remarked, "Maybe we should ask our office staff if they wished to have a day like today?"
Miriam smiling reacted, "I am half the office staff!"
She seemed reluctant to put her clothes on. "I'll put them on downstairs, I'll see what reaction I get going out there."
As they left, Jody whispered something in her ear which made her eyes open wide.
Miriam did attract a lot of attention.
As he watched them leave, Stephen saw Jody and Miriam speaking, close to Julien. Julien was a blond/redhead, a really shy lad, who blushed easily at the best of times. Miriam seemed to be absentmindedly making an effort to really tease him. He was beetroot but couldn't take his eyes of her as she moved lightly, swaying her hips which caused her breasts to bounce in time. She opened her legs wider than normal so he could see all her delights.
She turned to wave to Moira allowing him to see her most perfect bum. She had to bend slightly as though she was losing something thereby fully exposing her wet pussy lips to his eyes which were rivetted on her.
Julien did lose it and popped.
Miriam gave him a kiss and dropped her business card in his hand. How his head didn't explode Stephen didn't know.
Ian was speaking to Hannah who seemed to want him to see a bit more, as if that was possible, as she moved her chair allowing him to see all her treasures. He was blushing furiously and she was visibly impressed with his erection.
As they left Stephen looked around and saw Carla with Neil and a group of engineers working on a plan on the big screens. There were three other female staff members there and they all seemed to be more animated than normal. Neil and the others seemed to be very happy anyway.
Stephen asked Jody what she had said to Miriam. She had told her how Julien had been enthralled by her when they stood outside the conference room.
Stephen shook his head. "Moira and you are going to be legends you realise after what you did to those secretaries."
Jody just smiled, "I think after that dance this morning we'll all be legends!"
It was approaching 5pm so Diane brought her team together.
"I want to say thank you to all of you for the efforts you have made today. To all who supported our lovely secretaries and even our men who behaved like true gentlemen. I hope your jaws heal soon. Remember to use eye drops! It's a good job this wasn't in the summer as your tongues would be sunburnt.
"All of the clients we had here today, spoke very highly about the professionalism and enthusiasm which you all displayed. I heard you all engage in our discussions. Even some of the normally most timid spoke up well. I hope that continues.
"I hope this 'nude effect' gives you all a boost. I'm sure our partners will benefit from our experiences today.
"I'll be at the Nude Lady Dinner so I may see some of you there.
"Before we go, do any of you wish to speak about today?"
Rose spoke. She had always been quite shy so it surprised Diane. The men were taking the time to imprint Rose on their brains. She was attractive with a round face which blushed easily. Her brunette hair held her face and ended teasingly on the top of her breasts. Diane was surprised to see a little tattoo of a dolphin on her shoulder. Her breasts were full and had nipples which just wanted kissed. Her stomach led to a landing strip which took your eyes to luscious long pussy lips which were soaking wet. Her legs showed the work she did running.
"I'm sure we all were terrified about today but when you said you were going to join in, it somehow made it easier. Your suggestion to work together helped greatly, as well. When we all agreed to do it, it was a weight of my mind but I was still scared. I have to say, from my experience and watching the other girls tease our gentlemen and guests, I feel thoroughly elated.
"As you said, taking my clothes off threw away the shackles holding me down. I can't wait for next year but in the meantime can we have a nude man day?"
The other girls shouted yes to that.
Diane said, "We can always ask!"
The men were stunned.
As Stephen's office wound down Carla came over to him. He was surprised to see that she had an untrimmed pussy which matched her brunette hair. He knew she knew he was looking at her. She was very attractive.
Stephen asked her, "How did it go? It looked like you were engaged in the meeting."
She smiled, "Thank you for allowing me to come. I hope it went well. It was really interesting to work on.
"I'm sure my appearance caused a few eyebrows to rise as yours did."
"Until today I hadn't seen many to compare your pubic hair too but it does seem you were the only one not to be trimmed at least. It's a personal choice so there's no right or wrong way.
"I'm glad it went well for you. If you know any others in the same predicament tell them to contact us. As you see we don't bite. We might drool a little!"
Laughing she walked away. He noted her bum was firm and jiggled as she walked. Wow!
He was looking out the office checking on his staff, making sure he imprinted all the memorable sights which seemed casually on display but which he knew were them trying desperately to get a last someone to pop before they left. He was almost at that stage himself.
The door opened and in came Diane. She instantly became the focus of attention of all the males, even Dave. Although he only took his eyes of Pearl for about ten seconds.
As she walked through the office her abundant breasts bounced, her nipples seemed to smile. Her bare pussy looked so smooth even some of the women wanted to try it. As she passed, her bum looked edible and when her pussy lips appeared they looked like they needed mouth to mouth resuscitation to prevent them drowning.
Diane gave Stephen a big hug and passionate kiss, her sharp nipples cutting into his chest. She ground her mons over his erect penis almost causing him to come on the spot.
"Are we heading home or should we just visit your mum?" she asked.
"I think we should visit mum and see what they have been up to today. We'll spend all the time in traffic. I think we could use some of that time to ourselves before the Dinner," he grinned knowing she understood his meaning.
As others were leaving, Stephen shouted, "Ladies, again thank you for a fantastic day. I don't know how you'll top that next year.
"Despite all the distractions a lot of very good work was done. Enjoy your weekends."
Diane called out, "Girls, my staff have asked if they could have a nude man day. What do you think, should we propose that?"
Moira and the others looked around, gave big smiles and shouted, "OH YEAH!"
Diane clapped at their response.
Stephen, Phil and Neil and the other men were dumbfounded.
After everyone left, Stephen and Diane were in his office.
"I see you have a space for me on your desk. I can blow you but I'd rather you fuck me though you'll have to pull out and come over me," she told him seductively.
She leaned back on his desk, legs wide open, her silky smooth, very wet pussy on full display. He sat down and pulled his chair in as he began to lick her juices from her bum and perineum before checking her pussy and stiff tonguing her clit. She came quickly but he continued giving her no respite, now adding his fingers to her pussy and 'G' spot. Soon she had her second orgasm.
He eased his trousers down with some difficulty and began fucking her with long and hard strokes. With all the teasing all afternoon, he knew he wouldn't last long but even he was surprised at how quickly he felt himself coming. He pulled out and came over her awesome breasts as directed.
As she cleaned herself, he said, "Boy, did I need that. If you had ground your pussy on me anymore when you came in I would have come."
Diane gave him a gentle kiss, "There's all tonight to tease you and the others. Wonder if any will pop!"
They walked down to find Dana was still at her desk.
"You've been here since we started, that's a long day," Stephen commented.
"Yes, I do three ten hours days and Cynthia does the other two. We can swap if needed. It works for us."
"What surprise do you have for me," he asked.
Diane looked at him wondering where this was leading. Dana just smiled.
Stephen explained to Diane. She laughed and high fived Dana.
Dana came around and this time she had a padlock and key on her clit hood.
"I think my husband will get the message," she said.
Interlude
Diane put on her coat as the snow was still falling. The paths were filling up since the maintenance staff had finished. As they arrived at the first of the residential buildings which were all linked, they stepped inside out of the cold. Diane took off her coat.
Stephen just shook his head in amazement.
"Well, it's still nude secretaries' day. We'll meet others who are the same so I'm showing I participated. And (she tickled him under his chin) it teases you!" Diane told him with a big smile on her face.
In the second building a door opened and one of the nursing staff came out. She was nude as well.
She was in her early thirties with short black hair, brown eyes, a large smile on a happy face. She had large breasts with deep pink areolas and wide nipples. She was slightly overweight but looked very good. She had a landing strip which drew your eyes to puffy pussy lips.
They heard the occupant shout, "Will you be back to check my heart rate later? It's still very fast."
"Ron, if I come back it will be really fast!"
Stephen and Diane laughed.
Ron shouted, "If that's folks there, be aware she raises the dead!"
The nurse laughed. "Ron, you can check if it's just me by going along to the communal area. There are others just like me there today."
"But you're the nicest Sharon."
She shook her head.
As she was heading in their direction, she joined them.
Stephen asked, "Is this your first time?"
Sharon replied, "Does it show? I was really worried when the other nurses said they were doing this. My husband, Bill said to go for it. It's probably not as strange as it sounds, as he's one of the secretaries he was going to have to do it anyway.
"Once I got over the first visit, it became easier. In fact, it has some advantages. The care staff when showering some of our patients, which is always difficult, found it was easier just to get in with them as they didn't have to think about getting their uniforms all wet. The men especially appreciated it. Ron's not the only one who has had his first erection in years."
She looked at Stephen, "Why did you look so surprised when I said my husband was a secretary?"
Stephen smiled, "Full disclosure. My staff were intrigued shall we say about whether or not they would do it and if they did would they rise to the occasion.
"Now, my staff were petrified and I really wondered if they would turn up at all but they blew us all out of the water, coming in together and dancing nude.
"All day they tried and succeeded on occasion to get some of us to come in our pants. If Diane hadn't blown me at breakfast and lunch, I would have been one of them."
Diane blushed.
"My secretary Moira had documents for their office which needed collected so she arranged for them to collect them. Apparently they were in hot demand! She really sizzled as she bent down to retrieve them. One of the men came. Moira cleaned him up and then the floor moving her bum provocatively. As she did this the other man came. Jody cleaned him.
"Both, like you must have healing hands as they left with new erections.
"Moira said, "same time next year" and they agreed. They had to walk a gauntlet of highly aroused females trying to get them to come again.
"I don't know who came first so you'll have to ask him."
Diane asked her, "Are you going to the Nude Lady Dinner?"
Sharon said, "I never thought about it but after the rush today, next year for sure.
"I can have him describe what Moira did and do that for him. See if that works. How would you describe Moira so I can identify her for him if he's been in such high demand?"
"She has a beautiful tattoo of a Phoenix rising."
"So why are you coming here?" Sharon asked.
"We're visiting Stephen's mum Vharri before the Dinner starts," Diane told her.
"Ah. One of the three amigos and their page!"
Both Stephen and Diane looked perplexed.
"Vharri, Rhona and Janet were the three amigos. When Sheila's mum, Grace joined them four amigos didn't seem right. But amigos need a servant right, so that's what we call them. They are so mischievous but so funny. Sheila never knows whether to scream or laugh! They were in the communal area the last I saw them."
She thought, "I'll keep the rest to myself!"
They passed a number of care, nursing and cleaning staff who were participating. Despite fucking Diane before they left his office, his little man was eager to show himself. It brushed his ego that so many looked down before smiling at him.
Diane was laughing at his facial expressions. She was enjoying him being teased.
As they entered the communal area, both Stephen and Diane were shocked. It appeared that not only were all the staff involved many of the residents were as well, including his mother and her friends. They were in an area which had a mainly restricted view from where you entered but they could hear the hilarity.
She had recovered well from her operation but the wounds on both her hips were still highly visible.
She was always beautiful but for someone just into her sixties, she was outstanding. She had her hair swept up so her face was open. She was smiling, so much pleasure came from her. Her breasts had some sag but were large with pink areolas that seemed to go on and on. Her nipples were large. Probably where he got his love of large nipples from he thought. She had a trim if rounded stomach. Her pussy was bare, with large, prominent pussy lips which seemed soaking wet.
She seemed to be in her element.
Rhona was slightly more curvy with medium breasts with pin sized nipples which stood proud. Her pussy had a light covering of grey hair but her pussy lips were fully shaved. They were equally wet.
Janet's face was showing her delight. Her breasts, very large and quite firm were heaving. Her nipples were on full beam. Her pussy was very wet and puffy as though they had just missed someone playing with it.
Grace looked very tired but happy. She had medium sized breasts which were still perky. The nipples looked like someone had been pulling them. Her hairy pussy was extremely wet, her lips puffy like it had recently been used.
None of them batted an eyelid when they came up or seemed embarrassed.
Diane asked, "What's with the words on your stomach's? It seems to say 'Ask about the game' if I put them all together. Spill the beans."
The cushions at their feet gave her an idea, but they're too old surely!
Vharri waited till Sheila came over. Sheila looked exhausted with a strong element of arousal. Stephen had always liked her. She was five foot five, lovely rich brown hair which reached her breasts. They were as large as he thought they would be with bright pink areolas and standout nipples. Her slightly rounded stomach drew your attention to her carefully trimmed pubic hair. Her pussy lips were bare and wet. He had seen her bum which was firm and definitely worth caressing as she walked around the residents.
"Hi, are you here to persuade them it's their bedtime?" she asked hopefully.
"No, we're just filling in some time before the Dinner. What's going on?"
"I'll let Rhona explain, she started the idea and as usual what one can do is better with four apparently!" she said exasperatedly.
Rhona smiled and in a seductive tone said, "We're just helping the men discover their powers again. If they come over and ask about the game, we tell them. They get three minutes to eat one of us out."
"That explained the bare pussy lips," Diane thought.
"If we come, we give them a blow job. If we don't they move on to the next one. Some have been round twice. I think we've given seven complete blowjobs but a lot of other ones don't manage to come.
"Who was the best Vharri?" she asked wickedly.
Vharri blushed, the first sign, in front of her son, that anything she had done was risqué.
"That had to be Alison and her friends."
She pointed out a group of nude ladies at the other side of the area playing bridge.
"The four of them came over. Each of them made us come and come. I've never had a woman before but I'll happily have that now and again.
"Janet and Grace are just back from their apartments. They managed to get fucked. I'm jealous."
A familiar voice came from behind and said, "I would like to try that game and maybe we'll both get lucky. I'll get a couple of my friends over to help you out."
It was Ron, who had a bandaged leg which presumably was Sharon's work.
Diane said, "Well we'll leave you to it. We have to shower for the Dinner. Have fun, we will!"
The women waved at them as Ron and his three friends arrived to take their place worshipping at their feet.
Diane had surprised Stephen when she suggested showering. Unbeknown to him she had put a bag with clean clothes for him in the car which he retrieved. Normally they used the male/female single changing rooms but tonight she took them into the communal one.
Their shower released a lot of pressure on both of them.
Stephen wasn't so sure about her putting in a pink satin posing pouch for him to wear. She knew his weakness for satin, especially pink and how the feeling aroused him. She made sure he was fully enclosed by the material, caressing him to make sure it was a smooth and tight fit, which created more problems. Tonight, was going to be one big tease.
At least after the dinner they would make it home early where he could extract his revenge.
Once he was fully dressed they headed to the canteen to await their friends.
Nude Lady Dinner
Diane and Stephen found their table. Both knew the dinner was an excuse for them to view the reaction of others to Diane. Apart from those few minutes in the office and at lunch, Stephen had not been able to witness any reactions to her.
As they looked around they saw that the canteen was going to be very busy. What took their eye was there appeared to be a dancefloor in the middle. That would be interesting. Neither had really looked at the flyer, the name was distracting enough, so weren't aware that dancing was included.
Diane seemed very happy at that possibility.
Stephen was more concerned. Dancing meant close contact, probably with their naked friends. Something was bound to come up!
He knew from today they would all be trying to get the men to pop. That and the fact they would see other couples dancing in a similar manner which would get them further excited.
Even having come four times already today, he was fearful of the outcome! Was there such a thing as pussy overload?
As their friends arrived, they could tell they had used the time well. All the ladies looked radiant. All the men had smiles on their faces.
Matt was the only one who needed introduced to John and June.
They spread around the table, male, female so that everyone was next to a person of the different sex, though they were with their own partner.
The waitress Charlene from lunchtime was still dressed appropriately as she came over with the menus.
Stephen said, "We didn't realise there was a dance. I'm thinking of finding out when this ends to get a taxi so I can have a drink. What do you wish to do?"
John said, "Our daughter is picking us up. She can bring the works transport it can take all of us. We can take you home. Let's find out when and I'll let her know."
Charlene told them, "The music finishes at one. There is always a scramble for taxis. The taxi drivers like tonight for some reason," she smiled.
"How do you get home?"
"I get a taxi to Methven after everyone else as we're not allowed to get in the queue."
John said, "You can come with us. We have room. The transport takes fifteen and there will be eleven of us."
"That would be great if not out of your way. One last opportunity to tease you all!"
"No, it's fine. Stephen and Neil stay in Methven."
"If you need drinks just raise your hand and I'll come running." Charlene went away happy.
Stephen asked John what they did after lunch.
Before he could answer, Jane popped up, "We went back to our office to discuss everything. I decided to stay nude which caused a few eyebrows, - and other parts to be raised. I explained why and three of the staff took off their clothes. You could have heard a pin drop if not for the men's breathing!
"John's eyes were on stalks as Emily, his secretary, who is dead drop gorgeous, but excellent at her job stood and twirled in front of him. I thought he was going to have a heart attack!"
John spoke up, "In my defence, she is as curvy as Jody, her hair is a burnished copper which flows down to her mid-back. Her large breasts stand out proudly with large areolas and huge nipples. Her stomach leads you to a valley, ripe for sin. Her mons hair was shaped into a tree. Her pussy lips were middling length but I could see them moisten. As she turned around, her bum looked good enough to eat. She bent over and I almost came. Not only did her pussy lips open showing me her love canal, but she was also wearing a jewelled butt plug!
"Being a good boss, I didn't really look at her!"
Everyone laughed.
Jane said, "The afternoon went very well as we continued on from our discussions.
"Tina caused one of the men to pop. She has an awesome bum which twitched on its own. Her bare pussy caught everyone's attention as it appeared to throw kisses at you. That's some control she has.
"I must be losing my appeal as I didn't manage that."
John butted in, "Simon wouldn't agree. I'm sure your display caused him to run to the toilet!"
"What display?"
"The one with you, instead of walking around your desk, you leaned over, looking in your drawers, with your legs wide apart, your pussy lips drawing apart showing your very wet pink aroused vagina which looked highly fuckable. Even your bum hole was winking at him.
"But I wasn't looking!"
Everyone laughed again.
Stephen asked, "Matt, what do you think about it? This is your first-time face to face with it, so to speak."
Matt took a moment to consider, "Well I had a lot of misgivings. I foresaw the potential for Moira and others being abused though she said that never happens. I wasn't convinced.
"I know how beautiful she is but I wasn't sure I wanted others to see her, the way I get to do.
"Moira loves her job but was petrified.
"As the week went on, she seemed to be more confident she could do it which didn't help me at all. Thursday night when she came home she was like a whirlwind, so excited. Eventually after she finally couldn't get me to rise again, she told me about their planned dance this morning.
"That was almost enough to do that!
"This morning she didn't dress so I knew she was going through with it. I asked if she could somehow record it as I knew it would be something else.
"I went to work trying to analyse why I felt so conflicted. I was happy for her as she'd overcome her nerves but very nervous.
"When she called she was so high, she wanted to come to this dinner. I agreed, if only to see for myself.
"I have to say, all the ladies at this table and many around us are unbelievably beautiful but none as beautiful as Moira."
He turned and kissed her passionately.
"I'm glad we found some time for ourselves before coming here or else I may embarrass myself!"
Charlene arrived to take their starter orders.
Diane asked her before she took their orders, "My staff are asking for a nude man day. What do you think about that?"
Charlene answered, "About time, though we may have to change our working practices."
"How?"
"Well, we have one of the young kitchen staff, a volunteer, eat us out when we get too hot. He gets very busy when the dancing starts and a few will sub in for him if necessary. One of the kitchen girls is quite keen as well. I suppose we would have to find someone to take care of their erections!"
All faces showed their shock even if the female parts were beginning to leak at the thought.
Stephen tried to get back to normal, "How do we tip you as you don't have pockets?"
"We each have two boxes over near the kitchen doors with our names on. Just put whatever you wish in there. Just so you know at the bottom of the menu are our prices for extras."
She seemed to have perfected the art of holding her tablet so that both her awesome breasts and pussy were on display. This distraction meant the men took longer to order than usual.
After they gave her their starters she left with them watching her pert bum jiggling as she walked..
Phil took up a menu and started laughing.
Neil went, "What's so funny?"
Phil, "The suggested extras."
They all picked up their menus.
Soon they were all laughing. Box one was standard tip for their waitress. Box two was for "extra" tips which would go to the charity pot.
Diane asked, "Anyone wanting to order any of these? Some of them I presume you'll get from us but I'm game to watch you suffer even more."
John said, "I'll order as required. I didn't know about the dancing but I suspect that will get hot so a cool breast rub would be good. What about you my dear?" as he looked at Jane.
"That could be very good. The cool tongue sounds intriguing."
Moira was beginning to squirm. This was beyond anything she had imagined. She wondered about dancing with the men, especially Stephen.
Matt asked, "Ladies how do you feel about today? How has it affected you?"
Diane answered, "For me there is a personal aspect and a business aspect.
"Personally, all the appreciation from both the men and women has been really great. My self-esteem has had a real boost. I was nude on a beach before but this is way more energising. Today being nude in front of all my staff and clients was so amazing, so arousing yet empowering.
"I was so impressed that all the ladies on my staff worked together to support each other. I saw the really shy ones come out of their cocoon and fly. At our meetings, they excelled themselves. They seemed to have grown and I hope they continue to do so.
"I feel I want to do it again soon."
Kim said, "It wasn't so different for me but I did notice so many more happy people, people spending time with each other and communicating, not just speaking. It looked like everyone gained something."
Sam said, "I went in absolutely petrified and came out so high I feel like I'm in a parallel universe. I never believed the 'you'll get so much from this' but it's true. Almost all of the staff on my floor did it. I think those who didn't were the ones to feel embarrassed in a strange way.
"The power seemed to come from the men to us and we used it. I got two to pop! Boy, did that boost my self-esteem."
Moira said, "I feel more alive, I feel more confident and like Stephen had suggested, I found my voice in our meetings. I can't wait for next year but if we could do it earlier I'm up for that."
Jane playfully punched John.
"What did I do?"
"I know what you were thinking!"
John tried to look confused.
"As I like being naked, John has suggested, that he bring some friends around for a game of poker. Just chips, no money. I would serve them au naturelle and he would get the benefit at the end of the night. Their partners would get the benefit when they got home. Wasn't that what you were thinking?"
"Thinking, yes. But I wouldn't suggest it," he smiled.
Matt said, "That could work."
Moira looked shocked.
"You're happy for me to serve them naked while they are at our house?"
Matt nodded, "You want the buzz, it's a way. I get the benefit. We're not talking anything beyond that. I wouldn't be up for anything which could harm what we have."
Diane brought the smiling men back down to earth.
"Well, that may work for you but what about us? If we were to consider this, I think you should reciprocate. We'll play poker with you doing the nude catering. What do you say?"
None of the men had an answer to that.
They were saved when Charlene arrived with their starters.
Matt had been happily enjoying the delights of the ladies and their awesome breasts as they sat at the table but now understood what Moira had said about teasing the men.
Charlene took every opportunity to lean her beautiful breasts almost into the faces of the men. When she moved she ensured that they followed her twitching bum. He was already erect but now he was ramrod stiff.
She teased when she served the ladies as well, almost touching their breasts with hers.
All the men were impressed. The ladies were laughing at how easy it was to distract them.
During the meal, Kim asked about Stephen's mum. Diane laughed. Stephen blushed. The look between them showed there was a story.
Neil said, "Come on, spill the beans!"
Stephen pointed to Diane.
Diane shook her head. "We went to visit. To say she was enjoying herself would have been a lie. She was in her element. Almost all the women in the common room were naked.
"Apparently her friend Rhona had suggested that if someone ate their pussies for three minutes and made them come she would blow them. However, four is better than one, so Vharri, Rhona, Janet and Grace played the game. If the person didn't get the first one off, they carried on to the next one. Some had been round twice. They had blown seven, as well as some others who didn't manage to come. Janet and Grace had just come back from their apartments having been fucked.
"Vharri admitted that the best for making her come was the ladies circle. All of the others agreed. They would sample that again if they could. She was desperate to be fucked so Ron and his pals were coming across to see what they could do. The nurses had caused many to have their first erections in years apparently and they were keen to practice.
"We beat a retreat then."
All the others' eyes showed their shock at the story. The men needed to make room in their trousers as they envisioned that spectacle.
Sam piped up, "Should we do that, have them all eat us to see who they would get to come first?"
Jane butted in, "All the men in the room, we could be here a while!"
They laughed.
Neil said, "It sounds good as a fantasy. In all honesty, if single, we would all wish to make love with you all, but as a reality, as Matt said, it could spoil everything we have and I never want to lose Sam."
The other men nodded in agreement.
Sam gave him a big, passionate kiss and worked him over with her breasts. Her hand under the table looked busy.
Matt was thinking, "if this was how they behaved during the day maybe he should find a job here for next year."
That thought was torpedoed when Moira spoke, "Diane, are you really going to ask for a nude man day?"
Diane nodded, "Why not? It's the age of equality. How many more could you get to pop Moira?"
Matt looked shocked.
She kissed him tenderly, while feeling his erection.
"Matt, I had the two male secretaries come over for some documents which I had conveniently placed in the bottom drawer of the filing cabinet. The others had made sure they had raging hard-ons. I may have taken my time walking over to the drawer and teased more than a little so I had their undivided attention. I had to bend down which meant I had to open my legs and I think they saw both my love holes, probably posing for them. As I shuffled my bum, the first one came. I couldn't leave him messed up so I cleaned him off. As I turned to clean the floor the second must have gotten the same view so he came. Jody cleaned him up.
"We were very good," she said in a childish voice, "we made sure they had erections before they left. The others tried to make them come as they were leaving but only I managed it.
"I hope you're not mad! I only did it because others had made some cum and I wanted to see if I still had it!
Matt was rock hard. His mind was blown away. This was far more than he ever imagined. His Moira, a sex goddess.
Diane piped up, "We met his wife, she's a nurse who resurrects the dead according to Ron. She's going to try that tonight. Next year they are going to come here."
Moira asked, "Stephen, do you think we should add a couple of male secretaries to help out?"
Stephen's mouth just opened.
As Charlene cleared their plates, her movement causing her breasts and pussy to tease them further caused more groaning as trousers became far too tight.
Stephen's pouch was not the most comfortable when he became erect. The satin aroused him at the best of times. It wasn't helped as Diane's hand seemed to have a way of caressing him whenever she leaned forward. She seemed to be wanting to ensure Matt had a good evening, flaunting her awesome breasts at him.
Once Charlene had served the main course, trousers were almost bursting. They could feel the heat coming from her. Her breasts had rested on their shoulders before caressing them as she moved almost causing them to tip into their mouths. All the men had open mouths just wanting that to happen. Her nipples were erect and just ripe for sucking. She had demurely traced her breasts along the arms of the ladies which only caused further blood to head to their penises.
As she left, she said, "I think I need the volunteer."
That set another pulse or two through their rigid penises as they watched that bum jiggle away almost like it was laughing at them.
Stephen realised Moira hadn't answered his question this morning so looking at her he asked, "Moira, you never said how that dance this morning came about. It blew everyone away. How did you all go from what we feared none of you turning up to hot divas?"
Moira looked around and saw everyone was waiting on the answer. She sat up straight and shook her breasts which found many appreciating the spectacle. Her confidence noticeable to all.
"As Pearl said, we were all scared stiff, if you'll pardon the expression gentlemen! Throughout Monday we all spoke together at various times. We agreed to meet after you all left.
"After you all left, we talked about how we could come in. No one wanted to be first. It was Jody who suggested that if we all came in together we should find it easier. The more we thought about it, we agreed with her.
"We had thought to just walk in and remove our coats. We walked through it dressed. It didn't work. Each step felt like walking to the noose.
"Hannah suggested dancing in as it would distract us, we'd be doing something, not walking to our doom!
"We tried dancing and that was better but there was a feeling it lacked any impact. So, what was the impact we wanted. No one knew till Joanna spoke up.
"Joanna had spoken with a friend who had danced her way through university at a gentleman's club in Edinburgh. It was her friend who suggested simulating having sex with you. She said when she first started a more experienced girl had taken her under her wing. Men are going to look. As you dance or walk around they are going to see all of you. If you go out and show them everything they think they want then that dance is about you taking control. It helps if you think about someone you would want to do that for. If you hide anything, they're in control as it looks like you're ashamed of yourself.
"When Joanna said that, I felt sick. It was bad enough being nude but I never expected we would be so "on show!" We all spoke. We were all concerned. No one was prepared for that.
"Hannah asked if we were to take control would we have to 'fuck you' as she was sure most of you would love to fuck us. It slowly dawned on us that meant giving you what we thought were your 'fantasies.'
"It may have been alright for her, she's single and I'm sure she likes a few of the single men. It was a terrifying thought.
"Hannah's words were worrying for everyone as we sensed some truth in them.
"Tuesday night, we practised clothed, just the basic movements, revealing ourselves naked at the end. Those first few times were very difficult for everyone but the support from everyone was fantastic.
"Again, it didn't work. We added more dance moves which co-incidentally revealed more of us. Surprising since we thought we were naked. It brought home Joanna's friend's point.
"Melanie and Joanna had worked on the choreography, no doubt with help from her friend.
"The fact there was more on display that we had ever thought was initially intimidating.
"We were all really scared but there was a little excitement building. I couldn't believe that.
"Wednesday we did it nude from the beginning. I know we were all scared but again doing it together helped. We had quite a few laughs which broke the tension. We all became more comfortable over the night with our bodies being on display. We broke into twos and threes to help each other with the moves.
"I found myself getting turned on, something I never expected.
"When we did the first part and were mostly quite comfortable, Joanna asked if we were up to try to really rock your boats. Basically, what you saw lap dancing and simulating fucking you.
"Some were mortified, others needed to be persuaded that was needed. Some weren't sure how far they meant to go.
"We were already going to be on display, so to speak, so did we need anything more?
"Melanie, Joanna and Hannah demonstrated it a few times. We could see how hot it was and how hot they were.
"I couldn't believe I was even considering this. Pearl looked like she would throw up. She's staid Diane mark 2.
"Jody must have been getting the empowerment already as she spoke up again. So unlike her."
"She said "What do we want to do? Do we want to just dance part one nude which would certainly arouse them? They would mostly probably see all of us. Did we feel we would be in control?
"If we added part two there was no doubt they would see everything intimately but according to Joanna we would be in control."
"She was really blushing. We all knew she was right. If we wanted to be in control, in charge, we needed to do part two. Could we?
"We went back into our twos and threes. The first couple of attempts were like robots. Joanna said to think of someone you would want to do this for. I thought of Matt. Sorry Stephen.
"As we relaxed, it became easier. I thought even if we don't do it, I'll have some moves to sizzle Matt!
"We were going to make the final decision on Thursday night about how far we were going to go but I was already fairly sure we needed part two. It was just could I do it? Could any of us do it? Any part of it!
"Thursday, we really went at it. We did it again in twos and threes. We were encouraging each other. It was hot. I never knew the thrill men got from watching women strip but from what was said, I wasn't the only one to find it hot! It was obvious part two really took all control from the men. We then did it in two groups and finally all together.
"We felt that part one didn't quite give us control but part two did, massively!
"You'd have loved the support we gave to each other. That was the main factor which made it happen.
"Pearl went from trying to hide herself to being a burlesque dancer. As she didn't need to do it, it was extremely brave of her. We all rallied around her, helping her.
"Jody and all the others blossomed. It was that bloody word - empowering.
"I went home randy as hell as Matt can confirm.
"Even with all that, this morning as we gathered downstairs, we were all scared. Could we do it? Everyone was looking around. Pearl looked like she would faint. My heart was beating so hard, I was sure those in the next building would hear it.
"Dana helped so much by being so positive about what she was experiencing. Her enjoyment and delight in the reactions she got from the men convinced us.
"Those stairs never seemed both so tiring and so few! We paused outside the office until everyone was set.
"As we came in, I could see the expressions of relief and wonder on the men. They didn't know what to expect!
"As I reached my desk and waited for the bit to take my coat off, I was already getting into it. As soon as I dropped my coat, I saw the admiration, the lust, the joy in their eyes. That really inspired me. The men really got into part one. Looking around seeing their erections springing up was inspiring. Me! Doing that!
"I could see the others as we moved around. They were all enjoying it, even Pearl. We had the men in the palms of our hands. Now we were going to have them, figuratively, balls deep in our fannies!
"I have never experienced that feeling before, so desired yet so in control. It was so stimulating. I felt like I was watching from outside of me.
"When it came to part two, making love to Stephen, I really went for it. I wanted to give him his fantasy. His face was a picture of bewilderment, lust and fear. His erection was bouncing with me. I took in his rushed breathing, his blushing, his desire, his shock.
"I used all my body curves, my hands caressing me and legs opening and closing to slowly ignite him. I felt I could combust at any moment!
"As I leaned back to simulate him fucking me on my desk, I could see him struggling. He wanted me! My mouth and pussy lips were speaking to him, my breasts being mauled by my hands, his eyes on them wishing those were his hands.
"As I 'came' and fell forward onto my front deliberately offering him unrestricted views of my love holes, I wanted him to 'fuck me.' The delay before moving was about exerting our control of them.
"When I sat down, I really did feel like I was in control. It was an amazing feeling.
"Matt and Diane, you can relax, it was only the moment. Like all of us, I don't want to lose what I have."
She gave Matt a long passionate kiss as she rubbed her breasts over him. Her hand was reassuring his penis, she was his. He was almost ready to pop.
Stephen, Phil and Neil who had seen the act were still incredibly turned on by her recollection. John wished he had been there. Diane, Kim, Sam and June all wanted to be part of the next dance troupe.
Phil said, "I couldn't believe what was happening. Just coming in and taking off your coats was amazing. We would have been stunned even if you stopped there. As it was, what you called part one had everyone fully aroused and was way beyond our wildest dreams or fantasies.
"You were probably right, I don't know who would have been in control, as you put it, if you stopped there.
"When Joanna started to 'make love to me', I was in awe.
"Her eyes never left me, watching my eyes and my erection which was threatening to burst my trousers. I know she is beautiful but there was something else, something primal which took her over.
"I could hardly breathe. Watching her joy, her freedom as she danced. Her nipples were so erect and mounted on such large bouncy breasts. Her hips flexed so much; her landing strip was like a bar code. When she lay back on her desk, legs wide open, I saw that wet pussy smile at me. I almost came. I couldn't have stopped it. Even ten-fifteen seconds more and I would have cum.
"At the end, I was totally in awe of Joanna and every one of you. You were fantastic, brave, sensational!"
Neil said, "I can only concur. It was a wild ride which blew my mind."
Diane said, "Moira, Joanna's friend was right. While the men saw my staff and me they were denied a full, open viewing initially. We were naked what else was needed? They were looking furtively until I told them just to look.
"If we had known about what you did and why, I'm sure we would have been in more control. As we relaxed and became comfortable, we flashed more openly which gave us that control but you did it at the beginning. Brilliant!
"I wish I had been involved with you as that sounded so sensual and fucking awesome!"
Charlene had come back with two jugs of iced water as Moira recalled the dance. She was holding them against her breasts which caused her nipples to expand even further.
She smiled, "I'll need more ice after hearing that. That sounded outstanding, both to be involved in and to watch!"
Jane smiled, pointing at John, "He needs the cold breast rub."
Charlene smiled.
She took her breasts and made sure they were chilled. The actions causing Matt and Stephen who were opposite, which given Moira's story already had them on the edge, to almost come. She took John's head and started at the top. As she rubbed her breasts over his face she allowed him to suck her nipples. She then rubbed them down his shirt, slowly to his trousers, looking him in the eye as she stroked her breasts over his erection trapped in his trousers. When she saw he was very close, she moved back up.
Jane was breathing hard. John's face showed someone transported to another world.
Charlene returned to his face and made sure she didn't miss a single inch before standing aside giving him a final taste of her nipples.
John, breathing heavily, said, "She definitely needs a cold tongue," looking for revenge on Jane.
Charlene took a spare glass and tipped some ice into it. She took the ice into her mouth before turning to Jane. She directed Jane to move her chair out slightly so she could gain access.
Jane's face was like a rabbit's in headlights.
Charlene kissed her as her cold hands caressed her breasts. Jane sighed as a woman touched her for the first time there. The cold tongue was snaking in her mouth and she was responding to it. Charlene took more ice into her mouth and moved to kiss and caress her breasts. Jane's nipples were about to explode as was John.
Matt and Stephen could not believe this. Charlene's pussy was dripping. Her lips parted exposing her inner lips and vagina as she kneeled down further.
From Matt and Stephen's reaction, Phil and Neil could see that something was better from their side so moved round. They almost came at the sight.
Those at nearby tables who were seeing this were shocked and highly aroused. Several ordered extras from their waitresses! It had a knock-on effect as most tables ordered 'extras.'
Diane, Kim, Sam and Moira were astonished and highly aroused by what was happening. Should they order that for themselves?
After a minute or so, she took more ice into her mouth and moved between Jane's legs. No one other than John had ever been there. The cold touch, lapping around her pussy lips and perineum was stimulating beyond belief causing her to rise from her chair offering her pussy for more. The cold run of the tongue from her bum hole along her lips to her clit caused Jane to cum. Charlene continued for a few minutes, moving her cold tongue along her lips to make sure she was cool down there before she left. Jane had a second minor orgasm.
Jane leaned into John and said, "Thank you." Her breasts were heaving and her nipples were like trees.
"It was your fantasy and I was glad to give it to you," he replied as he kissed her.
Charlene looked happy too.
There was a delay before their sweets arrived but Charlene apologised, she said there was a queue for the lad's services.
Moira asked her to give Matt a cool breast rub when she was able. Matt looked shocked but she kissed him and said, "I love you."
When the meal finished and Charlene had given Matt his cool breast rub all the men were feeling very poised to pop.
The ladies headed to the toilets and Stephen thought of going with Diane but was told to wait. He was suspicious. It wasn't helped when the girls made a point of titillating them as soon as they stood up.
Matt was beginning to realise who had all the power today. He had never seen Moira look so radiant and confident. When she had turned to him looking as though she was checking her pussy for stray hairs, she made sure he saw her nether lips were blowing him a kiss. He thought anyone around them would have seen that as well. He couldn't remember ever being so hard.
She just smiled and pouted both sets of lips at him.
As he looked around and saw the faces of the others he knew they had been 'badly' teased as well.
Meantime the ladies were doing some planning of their own.
Sam said, "Well, what are we going to do tonight? We can't take our knickers off and give them to them again, we're not wearing any!"
Diane, Kim and Sam laughed. Jane and Moira looked confused. Sam said, "We'll tell the story later."
Diane broached the thorny subject of what were they going to allow the boys to get away with when they were dancing.
"I never thought there was a dance. We'll be asked to dance with the guys. How far do we allow them to go?"
Jane spoke, "While teasing them rigid is fun, I'm with Neil and Matt, I don't want to spoil anything. I've already gone further than I ever expected with Charlene. I'll make John pay later." She smiled.
Kim said worriedly, "I'm uncomfortable with anyone other than Phil playing with my breasts or pussy and even then I'm not sure I want him to in front of other people.
"When we've danced before their hands have landed on our bums naturally so I'm sure we can't stop them feeling our bums. If they did it would make others watching go - Wow!
"I know it seems a small point as I've no doubt in a slow dance I'll be grinding my breasts into their chests and my pussy over their erections to try and make them pop. I've no doubt you will as well. But as said earlier, I don't want to do anything to spoil what we have.
"Diane, Sam and I found we liked teasing them but don't wish to go further than that.
"With others, I wouldn't be doing that because I don't think I can trust them, I'm sure they may think I'm offering what I'm not."
The others agreed that would be as far as they wanted to go as well.
Moira asked Jane, "How did you find the cold tongue? I'm sure we're all thinking it was hot!"
Jane sighed, "I've always had a thought I would like to try having a girl eat me out. When Diane described Stephen's mum's experience, I said to John, "Wow, I want that." Then we discovered the options. I saw him eyeing Charlene's awesome tits and thought I would play with him. He got me back big time.
"It was different but good on so many levels. It was happening not only to me but the fact that my friends were watching, eyes wide open made it so surreal. She is really talented. I wanted to try and keep on the edge but I just had to come and even then she brought me off again. I'll never forget tonight."
On their return, each of them took their husbands aside and told them the parameters whilst dancing. There was no dissent.
They ordered drinks and watched Charlene manage her way through the crowds whilst still making her breasts dance. It was difficult to know what was the better view, front or back, the way her bum jiggled.
The DJ brought some order.
"Tonight, at the Nude Lady Dinner we start with the most important people today. If all the secretaries can come to the dancefloor."
Moira slowly got up. She was relieved to see Melinda and Melanie also get up. Diane saw Audrey and Bethany head there. One of the male secretaries was there as well. He drew some gasps from the crowd. In all there was about thirty-five of them.
"Now, traditionally we start with an old classic to get everyone in the mood. When that finishes, get your partner and bring them onto the dancefloor for a slow dance to thank them for their support. Are you ready?"
The secretaries were shouting and on came "The Stripper!" Those who had been before began strutting their stuff to the audience.
Moira searched out her table and began moving like she had in the morning.
Soon breasts, pussies and bums were on display as well as one cock waving to everyone.
Matt saw Moira staring at him as she danced. There was no doubt for whom this dance was for. Her hair being thrown back, holding her breasts presenting them to him, her pussy wide open challenging him to claim it. Her hips bucking making his mouth dry! Her Phoenix was caught in the lights and seemed to be flying. When she turned to present her bum for him, he had to remember to breathe.
Stephen, Phil and Neil watched mesmerised. This was a whole new Moira from the one which danced this morning. That was hot but this was volcanic!
John, June, Diane, Kim and Sam and Matt watched in awe.
Diane as she looked around could not believe the shy Bethany was so vibrant. She seemed to time every movement to the song. She was right about attracting attention as she had many men mesmerised. Whether that was because she was black or those gigantic, awesome breasts which somehow defied gravity.
Audrey was dancing for James who was looking truly enamoured. Her breasts bouncing and her hips suggesting a perfect playtime for him.
Stephen saw Melinda and Melanie dancing for two lads he didn't know but they were incredible. Their bodies were shaking. They would have raised the dead. The lads' eyes were on stalks. He thought other bits would be as well!
All too soon the music faded. They came and collected their partners. Moira's breasts heaving as she gasped for air.
Matt took Moira into his arms and told her, "You're fucking incredible. That was awesome. I love you," as he kissed her tenderly.
The slow dance allowed his heart rate to come down but not his erection. Moira was grinding her very hot pussy against him. Much more and he would have to take her out and fuck her or cum in his pants. POP -- that's what they meant!
When they got back to the table, she was given a round of applause by them all.
Stephen said, "I can see why phones and cameras are not allowed tonight. That was even hotter than this morning which was really hot."
Phil and Neil nodded in agreement.
"I had Dana record the dance this morning. I showed it to Matt when he got home. It's a good job I didn't need to dress. I can give you a copy."
Stephen said, "I saw Dana and wanted one but then I thought if anyone was unhappy about it being shared, I didn't want that."
Moira kissed him. "Thank you for thinking about the others first."
As the evening progressed, it seemed there was a system to the dances, quick, energetic ones where bodies bounced around teasing the males who were - rewarded - with the slow dance. It caused quite a few to pop. Bethany seemed to be the main one, though Diane saw Sheena and Jonathan having to walk off the floor slowly.
Diane was thoroughly enjoying the evening. She had danced with all those at the table. They respected the boundaries. She did enjoy the different ways they caressed her bum and watching the reactions of those around her. She had tried and failed to get them to pop but was turned on by their strong erections.
Diane literally bumped into Dawn and Frieda on the floor. They were really working those bodies. The men with them who she took as Paul and Eric seemed lost in a distant universe. She high fived them. They were loving the dance.
During the energetic dance, Matt couldn't take his eyes of her waxed pussy. She knew she was leaking. On the slow dance Matt's hand was caressing her bum which she found arousing. Her pussy against his erection was so hot he thought he would go up in flames.
She thought she was going to get Matt to pop but the music stopped - just in time he told her.
Stephen was dancing with Moira which was mutually enjoyable. He couldn't take his eyes of her pussy as she danced wildly. The movements causing the Phoenix to take flight also attracted so many admirers. On the slow dance she held him tightly, rotating her pussy over his large erection.
Stephen was in rapture. This was his fantasy and he was so close to popping, much more and he would. Moira felt like she was on fire.
They returned to their table.
Charlene came over with fresh drinks. Diane whispered in her ear. She smiled and headed away. She was only gone moments when she returned carrying two cold water bottles against her breasts.
Diane looked at Stephen, "You're so hot, I ordered something to cool you down!" she teased.
Charlene cooled her breasts and began caressing his head, letting him suck her nipples. She moved down his chest to his lap. She could feel and see his erection. She played her breasts over him before returning to rub his face.
He was glad she moved as if she had rubbed her breasts over his penis any longer he would have popped.
Diane smiled at his predicament.
Sam had been toying with Neil and asked Charlene to give him a bum rub. She wasn't sure what it was.
Neil looked at her and she shrugged, "I just wanted to know what that was!"
Charlene smiled and told Neil to sit on the chair. In time with the music, she did a lap dance in front of him. She licked her lips as she watched his penis strengthen. She ran her hands down her sides and up onto her breasts slowly presenting them to him but keeping him away from them. He groaned as she licked her nipples. Her hands just avoided playing with her pussy but the image added to his erection. She turned and gyrated so he could watch her incredible bum. Leaning over to present her open, wet pussy to him, her movement causing him to further strengthen. Taking pity on him as the music changed she sat on his lap.
She now squirmed in time with the music, grinding her pussy down onto him. His erection had no place to go but had to stay as she ran her pussy back and forward along his length.
Neil was breathing hard. The warmth, no, fire, was toasting him. He could feel himself about to pop. He tried to think of anything else but Charlene's pussy held his thoughts.
The others were watching in amazement.
As the music reach a crescendo, Charlene matched the intensity. Neil let out a roar, "OH FUCK!" as he came and came.
Charlene looked very pleased. Jane asked if she had the energy left to do one for John.
"Let me have a drink of water and the music return to the right beat and I'll be ready."
"Payback's a bitch isn't it, John," Jane teased him.
Suddenly, Matt let out a "FUCK!" Moira had been teasing him just like Charlene till he popped. Between Moira's pussy rubbing his erection and watching Charlene dry (wet?) hump Neil he hadn't a chance!
When Charlene came back, John tried manfully to avoid cumming but she got him just as the song ended.
Both Neil and John's trousers were really wet, whether from their cum or Charlene no one could tell.
This seemed to invigorate Kim and Diane in their efforts to get Stephen and Phil to pop. They had them on the dancefloor. They danced closely with the other so they could see their backs and bums being caressed but they manfully resisted coming though they were constantly on the edge.
They swapped so each was presented with their fantasy sister, feeling strange knife-like nipples cutting into their chests. They could see the other caressing their wives backs and bums. Both were flawless.
If only Diane and Kim knew they had made others pop with their antics they may have been satisfied!
The others tried to support them the best they could, taking over to allow Diane and Kim a rest as they ground themselves on their impressive erections.
Both Stephen and Phil were experiencing the pain and ecstasy of the moment. If they hadn't taken every opportunity that day to be relieved by their wives they would have popped already!
As the end of the evening approached, what could Diane and Kim come up with?
As they watched the dancefloor Kim saw some very sensual dancers and had an idea. She whispered into Diane's ear. Diane's eyes shot open. She couldn't, they couldn't, could they?
She saw the couple Kim was talking about. It was so sensual.
Diane was taking a drink when Kim came up to her and hugged her. Both Stephen and Phil had a sharp intake of breath. This was their number one fantasy. It was never going to happen but so much today, which they thought never could, had happened.
Both were breathing hard and their heart rates were up. Their blood pressure was as high as the pressure in their cocks.
Kim turned Diane to her and held her tightly, looking into her eyes. "You know this is their fantasy, us hugging nude. Let's give it to them. If that doesn't blow them, nothing will."
Diane saw Stephen and Phil's faces, the desire, the want, the lust, the shock. A quick look down showed just how much their cocks were straining.
The others were looking on with love and lust. Their jaws were ajar, their eyes on stalks. All the male erections were on overdrive.
Diane turned back and returned the hug. They held each other tight. Kim began grinding her breasts and pussy against her and she returned it. They alternated between lightly touching and full-on grinding. Nipples fought nipples, breasts caressed breasts, pussies kissed. They were too wet to stick.
Perhaps Stephen and Phil were immune but several at a nearby table popped.
No one was breathing. Kim lowered her hands and cupped Diane's bum. Stephen's eyes had followed her hands as they had caressed Diane's back and now her perfect bum. He exclaimed, "Oh Fuck!"
Phil had been entranced as Diane had caressed Kim's back.. As she clasped Kim's bum Phil gasped, "Bloody Hell!"
As they swayed together, Kim told Diane to turn round. As she did, Kim came behind her and began rubbing her breasts up and down her back as she ran her hands down her front, around her breasts, down her stomach. She ran her fingers lightly across Diane's mons hinting at going to her pussy. Diane was breathing heavily, her headlights at full beam with the fog lights on as well. She ground her bum into Kim's pussy.
Kim was watching Stephen and Phil. They were close, very close. She stroked Diane's breasts tweaking her long nipples. Diane could come from having her nipples played with and Kim knew what she was doing. All the evening's teasing had aroused Diane so much she came quickly. As she came, Stephen came.
Phil smiled but not for long as Diane turned on Kim and repeated her actions. Phil was mesmerised as Diane ran her breasts down Kim's back. It was Kim's turn to breath heavily. Her headlights were on full beam plus. She moaned as Diane ran her fingers lightly over her mons. Her nipples were as sensitive as Diane's and very soon she came as Diane caressed her breasts and pulled her nipples. That's when Phil came.
The others clapped. Matt, Neil and John were as erect as they had ever been. Charlene, June, Moira and Sam were stunned and extremely wet. It had been the most sensual experience any had witnessed.
Diane went to Stephen and kissed him so passionately he almost recharged.
Kim was recharging Phil as well.
Stephen and Phil looked at each other. The reality was far better than their fantasies!
The final slow dance had everyone up on the floor. Naked bodies were colliding with others. People were taking a last look for another year at friends and colleagues. Some more popped!
Diane said goodbye to her staff. Audrey and Bethany were as high as she had ever seen them.
Audrey told her, "Bethany managed to pop ten of them and at least as many must have spent some time in the toilets. Though I don't know how many popped with Kim and you. That was truly arousing."
Bethany replied, "That was awesome. Audrey didn't do badly. She got James a couple of times and a few others.
"Diane, this has been a great day. Thank you for being so positive about it. I'd never have done this without your encouragement. I have been so inspired! I'm sure Mike will be up for some real loving when we get home."
They were laughing.
Audrey said, "I'm in a quandary. I don't fuck on first dates but today is different. What do I do?"
Diane, said quietly, "Whatever feels right!"
Moira spoke with Melinda and Melanie. They were high. Their partners loved Moira's tattoo from the way they examined her.
Soon it was time to collect their things and leave. The men went to the tip boxes and placed a considerable amount of money in Charlene's. She was worth every penny.
She came out to join them looking very happy.
"I saw Diane and Kim and it got me so hot I had to use the lad again. Today has been brilliant. It's a pity it's only once a year."
Sam pointed to the men and said, "When we said that they came up with us to host some poker sessions for them au naturelle but they're not so happy to be the ones au naturelle."
"Well, if you need an extra body, just give me a call," Charlene said.
John and June introduced their daughter, Sammi to them. As the snow was still falling, she had made sure the transport was roasting.
The women were speaking and waved the men onto the bus. Moira gave them their instructions.
They lined up so that they would be able to sit with their husbands. Charlene would go in the middle to distract the men.
As they reached their husbands, the coats came off and they began a sensual dance to seduce them. Slowly caressing themselves, holding their breasts, offering them to their man. To show how much they desired them, they traced their fingers lightly over their pussies and held them under their man's nose so they smelled their arousal. As if, there was any doubting that they were aroused! After a couple of minutes, they sat and hugged each other, the ladies checking they had resurrected the men.
Charlene tried to help each seduce their husbands but even with her body, she failed to distract them for too long.
Charlene came down to sit beside Sammi.
Those nearby wished they had gotten that transport.
Sammi was speechless. "Wow. Mum, I never saw your dress or lack of it when I dropped you off. If I'd known, Bloody Hell!
"That dance was so hot!
"Next year can I come?"
June kissed her and said, "We'll see."