The penultimate scandal, which took matters well beyond what Victorian society could countenance, occurred five months after the four survivors of the HMS Intrepid had made planetfall on the tropical moon.
---
Scandalous behavior had been a regular occurrence since the lone escape pod had crashed into the lagoon. A day after their arrival, they had shed most of their clothing, which made the humidity easier to manage but which made their attraction to each other decidedly harder. The next night, they had given in and pleasured themselves while they lay next to one another. A month later, their behavior had progressed to pleasuring one another with their hands, lips, and tongues.
Victorian society would have expected Miss Anabella Locke to preserve her modesty and set a good example. She was the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Epsilon Pegasi, and as such had been brought up to reserve sexuality for marriage, and never to speak of it. But, as time passed on the tropical moon, she had slowly cast aside concerns about propriety. She had kissed her maidservant Shanti, deeply and passionately, and caressed her kitty until she came apart. She had taken her footman Robert's manhood into her mouth while he kissed her nethers, and felt her body explode with pleasure as his seed hit her tongue. And, for the past few months, she had watched avidly when her maidservant Ciara had mounted Roger, or wrapped her legs around Roger, and wound him up tighter and tighter until he let go and filled her with his seed.
It was not a surprise that, after three months of admitting Roger into her private parlor, Ciara was expecting an additional guest. It was still early, but given that the survivors wore hardly any clothing at all, the signs were quite clear. Ciara's bosom had grown fuller, and her belly had just begun to swell with her child.
The four survivors had reacted quite differently to Ciara's impending motherhood. Shanti was excited, and she frequently caressed Ciara's belly even when they were not engaging in amorous behavior. Roger doted on her, taking care to keep her from overexerting herself during the day. Miss Anabella's thoughts were often given to long-term worry about what their rescuers would think, but she occasionally found herself watching Ciara and wondering what it would feel like to have a child growing inside her.
On the night in question, Ciara and Anabella had just completed a small pantry for keeping the less-perishable food. Much of their diet consisted of fish, but the trees on the island also produced fruit that could be stored for some time. Shanti and Roger, meanwhile, had been testing out a small boat for purposes of extending their fishing range. As they finished their evening meal and prepared for bed, Shanti gave a hopeful look over at Ciara.
"How are you feeling?" Shanti asked.
Ciara stretched her arms behind her back and pushed her chest forward, which had the effect of drawing every eye to her magnificent freckled bosom. Anabella still blushed, occasionally, but she and the others had long since abandoned the pretense of looking away.
"I'm a bit tired," Ciara admitted.
"It's your night with Roger, though," Shanti said.
"I know," Ciara said. "I'm still tired, though."
Shanti sighed. "It's been almost two weeks since the two of you have...given each other your full attention."
Roger chuckled. "It's alright, Shanti. There shouldn't be pressure there."
Ciara smiled. "I appreciate you saying so, Roger. But Shanti, if you think he's missing out on that sort of personal attention, perhaps you should give it to him yourself."
Ciara chuckled as she watched the effect of this statement. No one could speak for a long moment. Anabella blushed and looked torn between offended Victorian sensibilities and deep excitement. Roger was having trouble gathering his wits, but he moved as if to put himself between Ciara and Shanti, as if to forestall any further teasing. Shanti, more than anything else, looked upset.
"You know I can't," Shanti said.
"You can if you wish," Ciara replied. "We've shared everything we have since we arrived here. Including one another."
Shanti sighed. "And what happens when rescue arrives? We'll have enough trouble explaining this already," she said, gesturing both at their nudity and at Ciara's belly.
"I will be able to help with that," Anabella noted.
"Not if more than one of us is with child," Shanti said.
Roger blushed, but he cut in on Shanti's behalf. "I promised her I wouldn't do anything she'd regret," he said. "You can tease if you want, but I'll hold to it."
Ciara nodded. She had a variety of smiles, from the sly grin that accompanied her entendres, to the lopsided panting smile that sometimes followed her climaxes, to the shining joyful smile that so often followed someone else's pleasure. This smile was not one that Anabella had seen much, and she was certain it heralded scandal and complication.
Anabella couldn't quite decide how she felt about that. On the one hand, these were her friends, and she fervently wished to protect them from scandal and ruination when rescue arrived. Shanti had spoken the truth - it would be difficult to escape scandal if rescuers arrived to find Anabella, and one man, and two pregnant women.
And yet, on the other hand, Anabella desperately wanted to see the acts that she knew Ciara was trying to provoke. Since the four survivors had landed on the tropical moon, they had shared nearly everything - food and shelter at first, and then their kisses, and their touch, and their pleasures. There was a beautiful symmetry to it, as they gave each other what they could and received what they needed. And yet, one act was forbidden to Shanti and Anabella, one which they both longed for. It would let them feel Roger's love, let them know the perfect sharing that this place could represent, but the closer they came to it, the further away from Victorian society they would be.
"Well, I think I will lie down," Ciara said, her plotting smile turning up a bit at one side. "Roger, if you truly wish to help Shanti avoid regret, you should ask her what she would regret most."
"Brat," Shanti said.
"She's proud of that," Roger noted.
Ciara gave Roger an additional smile, the one she generally used for partners and co-conspirators, then lay down on the far side of their modest bed and rolled over.
Shanti and Roger glanced around. Anabella knew they intended to discuss the sleeping arrangements, but she couldn't help but admire them for a moment.
Their months on the moon had given them all a bit more muscle than they'd possessed when they landed, but they all wore it differently. Roger was a bit leaner than he had been, and his muscles a bit more defined, but neither so much as to make his embrace hard or unwelcoming. Anabella had to work not to become distracted by the movements of his back and the shape of his arm when they went fishing together.
Shanti was slender, and the shortest among the group, a fact about which Ciara occasionally teased her. Her lovely brown skin had darkened slightly since their arrival, if Anabella's careful study had been accurate, but it still made a lovely match to her wavy black hair, and dark nipples, and intense brown eyes.
Ciara was facing away, but this couldn't deprive the others of her beauty. Her skin was pale and freckled, her curly red hair fell down her shoulder and across the bed, and many of her bountiful curves were placed in stark relief by her position on her side. Anabella couldn't see Ciara's face, but somehow she knew she was smiling, whether she was awake or not.
Shanti and Roger glanced over at her, and she had the bashfully pleasant impression that they were appreciating her in turn. Anabella had become much more accustomed to having their eyes on her, but it still made her blush at times to have such attractive people looking at her in such a way. She was taller than Victorian society found ideal, and far more muscular than a well-bred lady ought to be, but her friends made it clear on a daily and nightly basis that they found her quite attractive indeed.
"What do you think, miss?" Shanti said. "Will you also keep me safe from scandal?"
"So long as no one is watching, I can do so," Anabella said. "But what of Roger?"
Shanti gave him a quick smile. "Would watching us pleasure one another be sufficient entertainment?"
"Making you happy is all I want," Roger said.
Shanti sighed. "I know."
Anabella put a hand on Shanti's shoulder, hoping it would read as comfort and not solely a prelude. "Are you alright?"
"I...Ciara is just getting under my skin," she said softly. "And not in any of the pleasant ways."
"She just likes winding you up," Roger said.
"I'll talk to her about it in the morning," Anabella said. "She means well."
"Then why is she taunting me with what I can't have?" Shanti asked.
Anabella smiled. "She thinks you want it, that's all."
"I do," Shanti said. She lowered her head, suddenly unable to meet Roger's gaze, but equally unable to stay silent. "I love you all. I want to share everything with you, and I hate that if I do, Victorian society will be closed to us."
Roger took a deep breath. "It is unjust," he agreed.
Anabella thought of their place in Victorian society, the low rung that they occupied on the stultifying ladder of social order. She had come to know them as friends and lovers, but any of Anabella's peers in the Empire would never see anything but servants.
"Do you want to go back?" Anabella asked.
She realized, as she watched their faces, that if she had meant to calm their emotions she had not done herself a favor. They looked slowly over at one another, Shanti's eyes going wide, Roger frowning.
"We have to be able to," Roger said. "Ciara's child can't grow up alone here."
"People will come," Shanti said. "It's a beautiful world, close to a wormhole. The frontier is always...looser with rules than the heart of the Empire."
"People would still judge us," Roger said. "Judge you." He pulled her close and kissed her forehead, softly. "I don't want to hurt you."
"You have to," she said slowly, placing her hands on his shoulders. "Either I suffer the judgment of Victorian society for loving you, or I suffer your loss."
Roger winced, and Shanti lifted her hand to caress his cheek.
"I'm sorry you have such a choice," she added.
"It's not your fault," he said, leaning into her hand. "And it's not only my choice. But I would choose you over the Empire, if you wished it, even if I were the Emperor."
Shanti took a deep breath. "Be careful, sir," she said, leaning in. "You will get yourself into trouble with talk like that."
Anabella was fairly sure that Roger was considering a reply, but before he could manage it Shanti's lips reached hers. Shanti's kisses had always been passionate; unlike Anabella she thought little of decorum, and unlike Ciara she tended not to worry over subtle teasing and maneuvering. But there was something new in her kisses, Anabella thought as she watched Shanti press her lips against Roger's and drive him toward a horizontal position. She had been holding her passions in check, but now the dam had broken and her ardour was sweeping away anything in its path.
For a long moment, Anabella could do nothing but watch the two of them. A unique benefit of their amorous sharing was that she could see the contours of their affection from every angle - she knew their kisses and their caresses not only by touch but also by sight. It was lovely to watch Shanti pull herself close to Roger as she kissed him, desperate to bring herself as close as possible. She straddled him, her hips pressing against his, her arms around his shoulders. He put one arm back, to stop her from pushing him entirely into the bed, and rested the other hand on her hip.
Anabella became aware of two conflicting urges in her mind. The last vestiges of her Victorian propriety were demanding that she step in and rescue her friends from social ruination. Louder, though, was her desire. She wanted to watch closely as Shanti took Roger in, and moved with him, until she came apart and he filled her. A part of her wanted to be in Shanti's place, or perhaps in Roger's, but it was impossible to separate her pleasure from theirs; she wanted them all.
There was a middle path, she realized. A way to either help them, or share their joy, as they chose. As Roger and Shanti kissed, Anabella reached down to where their hips touched and wrapped her fingers around Roger's stiffening manhood.
"I only ask because I love you," Anabella said, as Roger gasped and Shanti smiled at her. "Is this truly what you both wish to do?"
"Yes," Shanti growled.
Roger smiled and gave her a quick kiss. She met his eyes, and he found himself unable to look away, her desire holding him transfixed.
"Yes," he whispered.
"Very well," Anabella said. Languorously, she lifted Roger's hard cock and ran its head along Shanti's cleft. Shanti moaned, and moved to drive him inside, but Anabella put a hand on her inner thigh to keep her from shifting too much.
"Not too fast," Anabella said. "Let's make sure you're wet enough, shall we?"
Roger chuckled, even as he watched Shanti shifting atop him. "I didn't know we were being chaperoned. And by a member of the gentry, no less."
"Noblesse oblige," Anabella replied with a giggle.
"You are both brats," Shanti smiled.
"Perhaps Ciara is rubbing off on us," Roger said.
Shanti grinned. "Perhaps you should rub off on me," she replied, and moved her hips down, driving his cock between her lips and inside her.
It shouldn't feel this new, Anabella thought, as she watched their faces. She had seen a thousand expressions of pleasure from Shanti, as her passion ran away with her, and yet there was a new kind of satisfaction in her face now - joy at doing the one thing that had been forbidden, or pleasure at being filled, or satisfaction at halting Roger's banter for the moment. Roger's expression was one of pleasure that threatened to overwhelm, which Anabella had also seen from time, yet he seemed more determined than ever to savor every sensation.
"Slow down," he gasped, as Shanti leaned forward, bearing him down onto the bed.
"How can I?" Shanti gasped. "Do you know how long I've wanted this?"
Roger smiled. "Tell me."
"Since I first saw you," Shanti said, her brow furrowing as she ground herself against him. "It sounds silly but it's true."
Roger caressed her cheek. "It's not silly," he said. "I've wanted you since you first arrived at Miss Anabella's house in your riding pants."
"I don't have them anymore," she admitted.
"We'll manage," he replied.
Anabella had learned something of negotiation back on Epsilon Pegasi, but Roger and Shanti were performing a sort she had not been tutored in. Silently, with motions and expressions of ecstasy and desperate desire, they sought out the tempo and the motions that could satisfy them both. Shanti's motions grew slower and deeper, giving Shanti the intensity she needed while letting Roger savor her. Anabella watched their expressions, their eyes and their soft sounds of pleasure telling her more than a thousand letters.
There wasn't room to give them privacy, even if Anabella had wanted to. Even Ciara was hardly more than a foot away, although she had rolled to face away from them. But Anabella wanted to give them at least a moment where no one else was watching their every smile and gasp of pleasure, so she moved down to watch their hips instead.
Anabella could still see the negotiations taking place, she realized. The rise of Shanti's hips was a request, and Roger's movement up to meet her as she descended was an assent. Shanti's wetness was an invitation for further discussion; her ankles locking around his were a demand that both parties remain committed; his hands on her hips were a declaration that she had his continued support.
"Oh, yes," Shanti gasped.
Anabella couldn't help but agree. The sight of them had left her desperately wet, and her fingers had begun caressing her cleft without any conscious thought on her part. She leaned in close, watching Shanti's pussy open as Roger's shaft slid inside. It amazed her how much of them she could see - the tendons in Shanti's legs stood out as her passion ran away with her, and Roger set a steadying hand on her hip even as he thrust his hips up to meet her. It was a microcosm of their care and their desire.
"You're beautiful," Anabella murmured. She hadn't meant to speak, but Roger smiled at her.
"She is, isn't she?" he said softly, his gaze wandering down from Shanti's panting face to her petite breasts to her grinding hips before drifting back to her eyes.
"She meant you too," Shanti said. She caressed his cheek, the first of his sweat on her fingertip. "She's not wrong, either."
He smiled, his eyes not leaving hers as she rose and fell atop him. "I'm glad you think so," he sighed. "I'm just glad I ended up here, with each of you. The Empire would never have let me be with you like this."
"You aren't in the Empire," she said with a smile.
"Oh, I rather like where I am," he replied.
Shanti leaned in close and gave him a quick, devouring kiss, then lifted herself until she was sitting straight up. An expression of brief regret at Shanti being out of kissing range crossed his face, but it faded swiftly as Shanti began to rise and fall. He watched her hips shift as she rode him, and watched her bosom bounce, but his eyes inexorably found their way to her face.
Shanti's passions were a storm, Anabella knew, a hurricane like the one that had struck them months before. There was towering beauty to be seen, especially for the one in the eye of the storm, but even there you were certain to be lashed by the rain.
If Roger minded her heedless desire, though, it was invisible beneath his awe. He watched Shanti's expression as she set her hands on his chest to keep herself in place, watched her frown and bite her lip at first as her pleasure evaded her, then gasp as she found it. He rose up to meet her, even when her hips drove down so hard that Anabella was sure it must hurt him, and he watched the storm of her pleasure rise until it was his entire sky.
"Fuck," she murmured. She opened her eyes, meeting Roger's gaze with a helpless smile.
"Yes," he replied.
"Do you know what I'm going to do?" she gasped.
Roger ran his hand along her thigh as she moved. He did know, of course, and Anabella knew it, but he smiled.
"Tell me."
"I'm going to ride you like this," she said, watching his shaft slide inside her as his hips met hers. "Without letting up. Until I come apart for you."
"I love getting you there," he sighed.
"But you've never done it this way. Never mounted me, and brought our bodies as close as we could bring them."
Roger shook his head. She was in control, and he was being careful not to disrupt her passions.
"And I won't be done, when I come apart," she went on. "I'll keep riding you, keep pushing you higher, until you let go and fill me up. You can't stop me."
Roger wouldn't have chosen to stop her in a thousand years, Anabella knew. He loved her. He was giving her what she wanted, and he was grateful that it was also what he wanted. But as long as she wanted to control him, to make demands, he would bend to them.
Shanti ran her hands up and down his chest. Her expression was growing more intense, and her eyes were slipping closed as the pleasure rose up within her. Sometimes the sensation demanded your every scrap of attention, Anabella knew, and refused to spare any for sight.
"You are mine," Shanti panted. "I will share, but you are mine."
"Yes," Roger groaned.
Shanti brought her legs in close, her knees pressed against his sides and her small feet close to his hips. Her motions were deliberate and forceful, her weight dropping onto him and rising up, her cunt taking his cock as deep as it could go with each thrust of her hips.
"You're making me into a ruined woman," she growled. "You've taken my flower, and you're going to plant your seed in me."
"Yes," he moaned. "Because you wanted it." He reached up, his hands gliding up her sweaty sides and cupping her breasts. She moaned, trying to press herself against his touch.
"You know I'd do anything you wanted," he said.
"Yes," she gasped. "You will."
It occurred to Anabella that she was learning new truths about them both. She wondered what role she would play, in future nights - whether Shanti wanted to dominate her this thoroughly, and how completely Roger would bend to her will if she tried. Their pleasure was intoxicating, and she didn't know how to fit herself into it, apart from watching and touching herself.
Shanti was further along than Anabella, though. As Anabella felt herself rising up, her blood beginning to sing, Shanti was already approaching her peak. She stared down at Roger, her eyes growing wide as she felt her climax building. Her rhythm grew desperate, her hips crashing into his as she reached for her release like a mountain climber leaping towards the summit.
"Yes," she hissed. "Oh, Roger."
"Shanti," he replied. He caressed her bosom, unwilling to grab her hips for fear of disrupting her rhythm.
"I'm going to take you!" she cried.
She didn't follow through immediately. She rode him, the moment stretching out, her every breath a whimper of desperate effort. He watched her, his every motion in her service, intent on letting her take what she needed.
She cried out as she finally followed through, driving her hips against his and holding them in place as the pleasure overwhelmed her. She staggered forward, and Anabella could hear everything in her voice - how desperately she'd wanted this, how helpless she was before her pleasure, and how fervently she wanted to share it. Roger reached up to catch her, preventing her from falling over entirely; it seemed to puncture the idea that she was dominating him but neither of them seemed inclined to complain.
For a long moment, the whole universe might as well have been Roger holding Shanti as she struggled to catch her breath. She panted, her chest rising and falling as Roger caressed her shoulders and watched her. She met his gaze, her grin piercing the haze of pleasure.
"I love to watch you finish," he murmured.
Her smile broadened. "I'm not finished."
She leaned forward until she rested flat atop him, her bosom pressed against his chest and her eyes staring into his. She lifted her hips and moved them back down, watching his expression avidly.
"I'm not finished until you are, that is," Shanti went on, her pace beginning to rise. At first it seemed to Anabella that she was moving too swiftly, judging by Roger's expression, but she realized after a moment that he was trying to keep control.
"You know you don't have to," he gasped.
"I want to," she smiled. "I've been denying myself all this time."
"We...we can do this without getting you with child," he gasped. He was straining to keep himself from coming apart, and Anabella felt a pang of sympathy for him. She would give him his release without teasing him, she thought, then blushed.
"Is that what you want?" Shanti said, her hips moving relentlessly. "Do you want to spill your seed on my belly?"
She caressed his cheek, and he moaned at the sensation. He kept his eyes fixed on hers, and Anabella couldn't tell if it was out of affection or because the sight of her body would push him over the edge.
"No," Shanti said. "I think you want to fill me."
"Shanti," he moaned.
"See?" she said. "You do."
He smiled. "Are you sure?" he gasped. "What if I want to spare you from having a child out of wedlock?"
"I guess I'd have to hold you down," she replied. She took his wrists, ever so gently, and lifted them up above his head.
The idea was absurd, Anabella knew. Shanti was stronger than she had been when they arrived, but she was still endearingly slight, enough that Anabella could pick her up if she wished to. She couldn't truly overpower Roger, and they both knew it.
And yet, the idea itself seemed to be strong enough. Shanti smiled, her hips rocking frantically as she held tightly to Roger's arms. Roger moaned helplessly, his arms twisting as though he was truly trapped in her grasp. His gaze fell on hers, her power washing over him even if he chose to let it, and he stared into her eyes as his control dissolved.
He didn't break her grasp, even as the pleasure carried him away. He roared, loud enough that Anabella wondered how Ciara was sleeping through it. He bucked upwards, his hips pushing Shanti's slender frame up into the air. She smiled at him, her eyes wide, her bosom and her sweaty hair bouncing with each desperate thrust.
"Yes!" she cried. "Fill me!"
"Take it, Shanti!" he growled as he thrust into her, pumping wave after wave of his potent seed into her waiting womb. She moaned as she felt his cock twitch inside her, his body staking a desperate claim to her once-virgin territories. They moaned together as Shanti collapsed onto him, their pleasure spiraling inward like binary stars.
"Thank you," Shanti said, once they'd begun to catch their breath. "I hope it's alright that I ravished you a little bit."
He chuckled. "You can ravish me any time you wish."
"As can you, sir," she replied.
They leaned in to one another, and before long Anabella saw them both drift off to sleep with Roger's softening cock still inside Shanti's creamy pussy.
Anabella's thoughts had certainly not been chaste over the preceding months, but she had tried her utmost not to fantasize about acts she knew she could not perform. But as she watched Shanti and Roger rest together, their lust thoroughly sated, their fantasies filled her thoughts and she let them run.
The fantasies didn't have to be realistic, or even possible, she realized. They were vessels, expressions of her friends' playfulness and desire. So she imagined herself pinning Shanti down, holding her skinny arms with one hand and fingering her to climax with the other. She imagined Roger catching her alone and forcing himself on her, crying out as he filled her with an illegitimate child. She imagined herself casting aside any possibility of a return to the Empire and embracing her friends. The scenarios and futures she'd kept shadowed all this time rushed out into the light, driving her higher until she fell apart beneath the stars. She lay there, her shame driven into a corner by her pleasure, until she rolled over against Shanti and drifted off to sleep.
---
Shanti and Roger walked to the dock the next day. Their boat lay tethered there, ready to sail out of their small lagoon.
"What do you think about going north?" Roger asked carefully. "I think there are some good inlets up the coast where we haven't fished much."
"Sounds good," she replied.
"Alright."
"You don't have to tiptoe," Shanti added.
Roger hesitated, and Shanti smirked a bit.
"I just keep thinking of how much trouble I've brought on you," Roger admitted.
"None yet," Shanti said. "And none that I didn't emphatically ask for."
"Still, there will be a fair bit."
"There always is," Shanti said. "If we'd never crashed here, eventually my parents would have found a match for me, and I would have had the troubles of an arranged marriage, and likely a husband who expected me to cook always."
Shanti glanced over at him. "I prefer this trouble," she said. "I prefer you, and Ciara, and Anabella. I prefer our love."
"I do too," he said. "I'm glad you chose this. I'm just sorry Ciara's going to gloat at you."
Shanti laughed. "She will gloat less if you keep her mouth full."
Roger grinned. "I can do that. And you can thank Miss Anabella for her help. I don't know where we would have gotten without her."
"She is dear," Shanti said.
Roger nodded. "She is."
---
Meanwhile, Anabella walked inland with Ciara. Ciara was occasionally queasy of a morning, and too much of the warm water of the ocean was uncomfortable to her. Besides, Anabella reasoned, if she paired up with Ciara it would prevent Ciara from smirking excessively.
Ciara waited until they'd reached the spring, and were drawing close to the cluster of fruit trees beyond, before she spoke up.
"So," she drawled, "how did you sleep?"
Anabella felt herself blushing, but she took a deep breath and spoke. "I slept well, and I hope everyone else did too."
"I didn't get to sleep until late," Ciara replied. "I waited until Roger and Shanti were asleep before I took care of myself."
Anabella raised an eyebrow. "I thought you were tired."
Ciara nodded. "I was tired of those two torturing themselves instead of making love as they wanted to."
Anabella narrowed her eyes, and Ciara grinned.
"You may have caused them a great deal of scandal and difficulty," Anabella huffed.
"No more than I'll face myself, little bird," Ciara replied.
Anabella sighed. "Why do you call me 'little bird'? I'm taller than you, and not adept at flying."
"Because of the way you puff up when you're protecting someone," Ciara said. "It's terribly endearing."
"I don't know that it worked," Anabella said. "I meant to save you and Shanti from becoming unwed mothers, and I don't hold out much hope."
Ciara smiled. "I live on a bright and beautiful world, surrounded by the people I love. I hold out a good deal of hope. None of that hope rests in the Empire, that's all."
She walked into the grove, and Anabella stood still for a long moment, trying to figure out where her path lay.
---
I want to thank Sylvidoll for her editorial help.