Chapter 1: The Weekend
The next morning, Britney got up and took a shower. She smelled like sex and needed to remove any and all evidence of the previous night's activities. She threw on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt and went downstairs to eat breakfast. Her parents were both already at the table.
"Good morning Mom! Good Morning Dad!"
"Hi Honey! Did you sleep well? Mom said you got in pretty late."
"I slept well, thanks! What are you two going to do today?"
"Funny you should ask," replied her mom. "Your dad and I need to go up to Grandma's and help her clean out her garage. I was hoping you'd go with us."
"Oh, you know I would, but I was going to spend time with Katie this weekend. She leaves for college in a couple of weeks and I won't get to see her for a while."
"That's too bad. Grandma will be so disappointed." That's when she noticed what Britney was wearing. "Britney! Do you think it's appropriate not wearing a bra in front of your father?!"
"Geesh Mom, I just got up! And I don't think Dad cares, do you Dad?"
"Umm, I hadn't noticed, and I'm staying out of this conversation."
He got up and walked out of the kitchen. Actually he had noticed, but he could never say anything about it. It wouldn't be appropriate, no matter how he approached the subject. Annoyed and distracted by her husband suddenly leaving the kitchen, Britney's mom gave up on her bra lecturing and returned to her original conversation.
"So, your father and I will stay at Grandma's overnight and be back Sunday evening. There's leftovers in the refrigerator for your dinner. OK with you?"
Britney was thinking to herself, "Hell yah! A weekend without you nagging me? That would be awesome!" But instead she answered, "I guess so, do you mind if Katie comes over?"
"If her parents approve, I don't mind."
"Thanks Mom!"
Her parents left about 45 minutes later. She watched their car pull out of the driveway and drive off down the road. The moment it was out of sight, she ran upstairs and called Katie. "Hey Katie! It's me Britney!" ... "My parents just left for the weekend!" ... "Yah! Come over as soon as you can!" ... "That's right! We can have some real fun until Sunday night!" ... "Great! See you soon!"
Britney and Katie had known each other for years and were very close. They shared everything together, and Britney couldn't wait to tell her about last night! The doorbell rang and Britney hurried down the stairs, her tits bouncing freely under her t-shirt. She opened the door and let her friend in. Katie took one look at Britney and knew instantly that something was different.
"Oh my God! You got laid, didn't you?!"
"Is it that obvious?"
"Yah! You've totally got that after-sex glow!"
Britney proceeded to tell her friend all the details about her date last night. She told her about the clothes she wore, the different ways they fucked, how many orgasms she had, and how they lost their clothes. Katie couldn't believe that she wore such a skimpy outfit.
"No way you walked around in public with your tits and ass showing! I don't buy it!"
"OK, I'll show you!"
Britney ran upstairs and came back down with the clothes. She removed her t-shirt and shorts and slipped into the skimpy outfit.
"Well, what do you think?"
"I absolutely love it! It's so naughty! And you didn't wear any underwear with it?"
"Nope!"
"You are such a slut! Where did you get it?"
"I made it."
"You made that? No way! Was it hard to do?"
"Not really. My friend Sophie taught me how. It was pretty easy."
"Would you help me make something like that?"
"Sure! But I didn't think you were that kind of girl!"
"I didn't think you were either, Britney!"
The two friends laughed and went upstairs to create some new outfits. They were giddy with excitement! After rummaging through Britney's closet and dresser, the girls picked out some old clothing to modify.
Katie was more full-figured than Britney, so all of her clothes fit tight on her, which was just fine. She cut the bottom two thirds off of a tank-top. The shirt barely contained her large breasts! Her nipples poked under the fabric and a considerable amount of under-boob was exposed! Next, she took her jeans and made cut-off shorts out of them. She cut them so short that most of her ass cheeks were exposed!
Britney also modified a tank top, but she chose to cut out the sides. She left the front of the shirt just wide enough to cover her tits from the front, but from the sides, they were fully exposed! Instead of a pair of cut-off shorts, she converted some old jeans into a short mini-skirt! The two girls admired themselves and their new outfits in the mirror.
"We look so slutty!" exclaimed Katie.
"We sure do! You know what? We should go to the mall and show off our new outfits!"
"What!? Seriously!?"
"Sure, why not? You have something better to do?"
"Well, no. But I thought this was just for fun?"
"Yah, but where's the fun if we don't get to wear them anywhere?"
"I suppose you're right."
"Of course I am! And if you don't mind, can I make a suggestion?"
"Sure, what?"
"You really should lose the pubic hair!"
"What are you talking about?"
"I'm talking about all those kinky hairs poking out below your shorts!"
"Well, I hate shaving!"
"Then we'll just have to wax it! And luckily for you, I have another Brazilian wax kit!"
"Is that what you used?"
"Yah! It's fantastic! And it leaves no bumps or irritation." Britney had Katie take off her clothes and lie down on her bed. "You just relax and I'll take care of the rest." She went to the bathroom and came back with the waxing kit.
After prepping Katie's pubic area, Britney carefully applied the wax, ensuring that none got on her labia or clit. While they waited for the wax to harden, Britney invited Katie to touch her pussy and see how smooth it was. Katie reached up under her skirt and rubbed her fingers on Britney's mound. "Wow that really is smooth! Like a baby's butt!"
"I told you!"
Katie continued stroking Britney's smooth mound, "I do like that!"
Britney let out a pleasurable sigh, "I do too... But right now it's time to remove the wax. You can scream into my pillow if you like!" Katie readied herself the best she could. "OK, on the count of three. One! Two! ..." There was no three! Britney suddenly ripped the wax and all the hair from Katie's pussy!
Katie screamed, "OUCH!" She sat up and cupped her groin! "You Fucking Bitch!"
"Don't be such a baby! It doesn't hurt that bad!"
"How would you know? Do you even have pubic hair yet? Oh, that's right, you're still waiting for it grow in, along with your boobs!" Katie was always teasing Britney about her breast size.
"Fuck you! At least I'm not a big hairy Neanderthal!"
"You're just jealous!"
"Yah, whatever! How's your pussy feeling?"
"It still burns, why?"
"I'm sure this soothing skin tonic would make it feel a whole lot better!"
"Give it to me!"
"No! Not until you apologize!"
Katie wasn't one to give in too easily, but her crotch felt like it was on fire. She needed that tonic. "OK, I'm sorry."
"Not good enough!"
"I'm sorry for insulting your beauty! You are far superior to me in every way! Now, can I have the tonic?"
"Only if you let me apply it."
"Fine!" Katie laid back down on the bed.
Britney applied the tonic to Katie's raw pussy skin. The liquid immediately extinguished the burning sensation!
"Oh my God! That feels so much better!" gasped Katie
"And now it's time for the final step in the process: a special skin lotion with cocoa butter, aloe, and other nourishing ingredients. It will prevent the skin from breaking out in a rash."
Britney began rubbing the lotion into Katie's skin. As expected, her pubic area was now extra sensitive to touch. Katie squirmed in pleasure as her friend massaged around her pussy! Seeing her reaction, Britney began gently teasing Katie's clit. She let out a soft moan, "So good." Her nipples hardened and became erect as Britney continued to pleasure her! "Finger me, please! Finger me!" Britney slipped a finger into Katie's now wet pussy and started massaging her G spot! "Oh God yes! Don't stop! Don't stop!" About a minute later, Britney felt Katie's pussy tighten around her fingers as she approached orgasm! "Ah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaaah!" she screamed as the wave euphoria flowed through her body! Britney waited for Katie's orgasm to finish then removed her wet finger from her quivering twat.
"Thanks! I really needed that!"
"No problem! That's what friends are for!"
Katie reached down and rubbed her fingers over her mound, "Damn! This is nice!"
"So that means you're ready to go to the mall now?"
"Absolutely! Let me get dressed..."
Chapter 2: The Mall
Katie struggled to get her top to stretch over breasts! "I don't know if this top is going to work."
"I think it's perfect!"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes! The boys will love it!"
"OK, if you say so..."
The girls hopped into Britney's car and headed to the mall. As they drove, every bump in the road caused Katie's boobs to bounce and gradually slide out from underneath her tight, short shirt!
"See I told you this shirt wasn't going to work! I look like fucking Winnie the Pooh!"
"Are your nipples showing?"
"No, not yet..."
"Then you'll be fine! Just make adjustments as needed."
"Easy for you to say! Your tits aren't trying to escape from your shirt!"
"True, but they aren't exactly hidden either!"
Katie looked over at Britney. "You're right! I can see your itty-bitty titties trying to act all grown up under a big girl shirt!"
"Fuck you bitch! They're not that small!"
"Whatever... It's no wonder you stopped wearing a bra, you don't have anything to put into one!"
"Very funny! I might not have a porn star body like you, but I can fuck like a porn star!"
"One night of wild sex doesn't make you a porn star!"
"Yah, well, I bet I can catch a guy before you do!"
"Oh, so you want to bet, do you? OK, how about this? The winner gets bragging rights and the loser has to walk out of the mall topless!"
"Damn Katie! I didn't know you were so desperate for someone to look at your tits!"
"I'm not! But I'm pretty sure that everyone will be staring at your little pom-poms when we leave! So do we have a deal?"
"We do!"
The friends shook hands, got out of the car, and started walking toward the mall entrance. As they were walking, a gust of wind caught Britney's shirt and blew it to the side exposing one of her breasts! She screamed out loud as she tried to cover herself. Katie started laughing hysterically at her!
"Laugh it up Buttercup! But you might want to check yourself out too!"
"Why?"
"Look!" Britney pointed to Katie's exposed nipples.
Sure enough, while she was distracted by Britney's wardrobe malfunction, her top had slid up. She struggled once again to stuff her tits back under the skimpy shirt. After regaining their composure, they finally made it to the mall entrance without any further incident.
Once inside they walked from store to store window shopping, hoping to catch the interest of the other mall-goers. The chance of exposing themselves in public made both of the girls horny and excited. As a result, their nipples were hard and more visually obvious underneath their clothes. They approached an old man sitting on a bench. He noticed them right away and smiled. As they walked by, Britney pulled her shirt to the side for a brief moment and flashed her tit at him! He chuckled and slapped his knee in delight. The girls laughed and decided to go into Spencer's Gifts. They sold more adult-oriented items, so no one would probably make a fuss about how they were dressed.
They made their way back to the vibrators and other sex toys. While they were looking at the merchandise, they noticed that the store clerk was staring at them. He looked socially awkward and they suspected that he had probably never had a girlfriend. So they decided to have a little fun with him. Britney leaned over to look at some items, knowing that her shirt would fall away and expose her breasts! She looked out of the corner of her eye to make sure the clerk was watching. He definitely was! His eyes were the size of saucers as he enjoyed the view! Britney stood back up and suggested to Katie that she reach up for the item on the top shelf. Katie knew exactly what would happen. When she reached her arms above her head, her shoulders pulled her shirt upwards, and sure enough her boobs spilled out below! She handed the item to Britney and pretended not to notice what had happened. She looked over at the clerk and smiled.
That's when Britney pointed at her and said, "Oh my God! Your top!"
Katie acted surprised and immediately pulled the shirt back down over her tits. The girls laughed out loud and continued looking at the merchandise. Britney picked up a wind-up toy penis and showed it to Katie.
"I think it's supposed to vibrate and dance," said Katie.
"Let's see what it does..." Britney wound up the toy and bent over to put in on the floor. When she did, her skirt rose up and exposed her ass and pussy to the clerk! She made it a point to remain in this position long enough to ensure that he got a good look! The girls laughed as the toy danced all over the floor. When they felt that they had teased the clerk enough, they each picked out a vibrator and walked up to the register to pay. Katie was first. She smiled at the clerk and handed him the merchandise.
"Hello!" she said.
"Hi" said the clerk, "Will this be all for you?" He was clearly embarrassed and avoiding eye contact with her.
"Um, no, I'm going to need some batteries to go with it, please!"
"They are over on the wall behind you. I'll go get them for you if you like."
"Oh, thank you!"
While he left to get the batteries, Katie pulled her shirt up until the bottom of her nipples began to show! When the clerk returned, he eyes fixated on the substantial amount of under-boob in from of him! He rang up her order without ever taking his eyes of her breasts. "That will be $18.95 please." Katie handed him a $20. He made change and handed it back Katie, again without taking his eyes off of her breasts!
Britney placed her merchandise on the counter. "I'm going to need batteries too, please."
"Um, OK." The clerk went to retrieve the batteries.
When he returned to the register, he rang up the order, but continued to stare at Katie's boobs. This made Britney jealous! "Hey! You know, it's not polite to stare!"
"What?"
"You're staring at my friend's tits!"
"Oh, I'm... I'm sorry..."
"You should be! If you're going to stare, you should stare at both of us!" Britney pulled the sides of her shirt together, completely exposing her tits to the clerk! "You like these?"
The clerk stared at Britney's perky little breasts! His eyes then darted from Britney's chest back to Katie's, and then back to Britney's. This continued for several seconds.
Finally, Britney spoke up, "Can I have my bag and change please?"
The clerk blindly handed the merchandise to Britney. "Um, thank you and come again."
"That's the reason we bought these vibrators! Bye!" The girls giggled and walked out of the store. The clerk watched them leave and adjusted the erection in his pants.
Britney and Katie reveled about their time in Spencer's. "I can't believe you flashed your tits right in front of him!"
"Well, I couldn't let you get all the attention with your under-boob!"
"That poor guy probably spooged in his pants thanks to you."
"Ha! If he did, I bet it was the first time he came without using his hand!"
The girls laughed and decided to go to the arcade, where they were sure to meet some boys! As expected, the arcade was teaming with them. They were mostly junior high age and younger, but there were a few older high school boys. Britney and Katie decided to play air hockey. Britney knew that she would be leaning over the table a lot and that her tits would be visible to anyone watching her. As for Katie, she risked her boobs spilling out from under her shirt as she moved to hit the puck.
It didn't take long for an audience of boys to gather around the girls. The boys pretended to be interested in the game, cheering every time one of the girls scored a point, but in truth they were all watching their giggling breasts as they played! Katie's tits slid out several times, and she would wait until a break in the game before stuffing them back under her shirt. As for Britney, her tits were on display 100% of the time, if viewed from the correct angle.
After a few games, two college boys approached them and placed their quarters on the edge of the table. "How about we play doubles next game?" one of the boys asked. Britney and Katie checked them out. They were tall and handsome with an athletic build. Liking what they saw, the girls agreed to play with them. They played a couple of rounds and got friendly with each other. The guy who had paired up with Britney was Todd, and Derek was with Katie. The guys then suggested that they play some billiards. The girls admitted to not knowing how to play.
"That's OK, we'll teach you how," said Todd.
The pool tables were at the back of the arcade, away from the video games and most of the kids. Some of the other boys tried following them, but Todd and Derek scared them off, so they had the area to themselves. The guys used billiards as an excuse to get very close to the girls. They could stand behind them and wrap their arms around their body in order to show them how to hold the cue stick, line up their shots, etc.
Of course the girls played into their plan by not objecting to where the guys touched them and by purposely pressing their boobs and other parts of their bodies against theirs. For example, when Todd was coaching Britney on how to hit the cue ball with the stick, she moved the stick so that his hand brushed against the side of her naked breast! She did this often enough that Todd realized the he could probably cop a feel and get away with it. So the next time he leaned over her to help her make a shot, he slipped his hand in through the side of her shirt and grabbed her tit!
Britney just giggled! "Not right now, Todd! I'm trying to make a shot!" Since she didn't make him stop, he slipped his other hand in through the other side and fondled both of her breasts! "Oh come on! You can play with my tits later! Right now I want to play pool!"
He suddenly stopped. "Did you say later?"
She looked him straight in the eye, "I certainly hope so! Now you go sit down and let me play!"
He obeyed her orders and sat down. Derek had been coaching Katie the entire time as well. All Katie had to do to catch her guy was to let her boobs fall out of her shirt a few times. After the third or fourth time, she told Derek that she was tired of stuffing them back under her shirt and couldn't wait until they could go someplace where they could take their clothes off together.
"You want to get naked with me?" he asked.
She turned to him and said, "I thought you'd never ask! But I want to finish this game first!"
Derek sat down next to Todd. They whispered to each other while they watched the girls finish their game of pool. As the girls played, they purposely exaggerated their actions. When reaching for a shot across the table, Britney bent over and lifted her knee up to the table, exposing her pussy under her skirt! Todd and Derek went crazy, whistling and cheering! Katie, wanting to outdo her friend, announced that she was going to try a fancy trick shot. She hopped up onto the table and attempted to make a shot with the cue stick behind her back. When she arched her shoulders back, her boobs spilled out from under her shirt again! Only this time she left them stay out while she made the shot. She also spread her legs so her pussy could be seen through the opening in her shorts! Again, Todd and Derek went wild! They were enjoying the show, but they couldn't wait for the more intimate fun that the girls had alluded to!
When Britney and Katie finally finished their game, the guys eagerly asked if they were ready to leave. "Let's get a bite to eat first. I'm a little hungry!" said Katie.
"Me too!" replied Britney, "How about the food court?"
The guys agreed and they followed the girls out of the arcade. At the food court, Britney bought a chocolate covered frozen banana, and Katie a chocolate dipped soft-serve ice cream cone. They all sat down at the one of the tables and chatted while the girls ate their treats. Britney slid the end of the banana in and out of her mouth, licking off the chocolate while Katie provocatively licked her ice cream. Todd and Derek watched the girls in utter amazement.
"So guys, Katie and I had a little wager going as to who could catch a guy first, and the loser would have to walk out of the mall topless!"
"But because you two approached us at the same time, Britney and I can't decide who won the bet. So, we need you to decide for us!"
Todd and Derek talked quietly between each other and quickly came to a decision. "Girls, we have decided that since neither of you caught one of us first, which was the condition of winning the wager, both of you technically lost the bet." Announced Todd.
"Therefore, we think both of you have to walk out of the mall topless!" declared Derek.
The girls looked at each other and smiled. "OK, how should we do this?" asked Katie.
"I think we should remove our tops in the restroom, put them away in our shopping bags, and have Todd and Derek escort us back to the car," answered Britney. Everyone agreed.
The girls went into the restroom and the guys waited for them outside. Once inside, the girls started talking about the guys. "Oh my God! I can't wait to get home and fuck Todd! He is so gorgeous!"
"Tell me about it! Did you see Derek's muscles? I hope he fucks as good as he looks!"
The girls removed their tops and put them into their bags. Standing in front of the mirror, they admired themselves and each other.
"I can't believe we're doing this!" Squealed Katie.
"Well, I couldn't let you leave for college without at least one more romp with your best friend, now could I?"
"You always know how to have a good time, that's for sure! Are you ready?" Katie reached for the door.
"Hold on a minute! You know, my skirt and your shorts really don't cover up that much. Why bother wearing them at all?"
"You want walk out of the mall completely naked?"
"Sure, why not? We'll cause the same amount of commotion either way. Let's make the most fun out it!"
"OK, let's do it!"
The girls removed all of their clothing and placed them in their bags. They opened the restroom door and peeked outside. Todd and Derek were waiting for them. "Are you guys ready for us?" They nodded affirmatively. Britney and Katie stepped out in the open. The guys were completely stunned!
"You're both fucking naked?!" Remarked Todd
"Yah, we decided to kick it up a notch, is that OK with you guys?" There were no objections. "OK then, let's go before someone calls security!"
They walked quickly toward the exit that led to where Britney parked her car. A roar of cheering and shouting ensued as they paraded their naked bodies through the mall. Mostly whistles and cat calls filled the air as they passed by their audiences. Britney and Katie were loving the attention! They smiled and waved as they made their way toward the exit. Stepping outside the mall, there was more traffic than they had expected! They thought that they could dash straight across the street into the parking lot, but they couldn't. It was too busy to cross, and now they had nowhere to go! It didn't take long for the drivers to notice them and start honking their horns. This of course just made the traffic worse and attracted more and more attention to the young naked women.
"We can't just stand here! We need to keep moving!" shouted Britney.
"Where's your car?" asked Todd?
"It's straight ahead, by that lamp post!"
"I'm parked around the side of the building! It's farther away, but there's probably no traffic!"
"OK, we'll follow you!"
They left just in time! Right after they disappeared around the corner of the building, mall security arrived to arrest them! Amidst the honking and confusion, it took a few moments for the guards to learn which way their assailants went. As the guards came around the corner in pursuit, the kids had already reached Todd's van. They hopped inside and took off before the guards could reach them.
"Wow that was close!" exclaimed Katie, "I can't even imagine what would have happened if we got caught!"
"You probably would have lost your scholarship and my mom would have locked me away in a convent!" replied Britney, "But thanks to Todd and Derek, everything turned out just fine!"
"Of course! There's nothing we wouldn't do for two hot chicks like you!" Todd exclaimed.
"Really Todd? You would do anything?"
"Hell yah I would! Derek too, right buddy?"
"Absolutely!" Derek replied.
"Well, it seems we all have a lot in common. You see, Katie and I will do anything too. Anything!" Britney reached over and started massaging Todd's cock under his shorts.
"How about we find a place that's a little more private then?"
"I thought you would never ask!" Britney gave him directions to her house. "My parents are out of town, so we'll have the entire place to ourselves."
"Fantastic!" Todd looked in the rearview mirror and saw Derek and Katie making out! "Looks like our friends in the backseat can't wait until we get there!"
Derek was fondling Katie's breasts while they French kissed. "Hey! No fair Katie! You should wait until all of us can have fun together!" Katie simply ignored Britney and continued kissing Derek. "Hurry up Todd! I'm tired of waiting!"
Chapter 3: House Party
They arrived at Britney's house about 10 minutes later. They parked in the garage so the neighbors wouldn't see the girls naked or see a strange car in the driveway. The moment they were all inside the house, Britney jumped onto Todd, grabbing hold around his neck and wrapping her legs around his torso! "Kiss me you stud!"
He grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her in closer. While they stuck their tongues into each other's mouth, Todd slipped a finger into her wet pussy! "Damn girl! You're ready aren't you?!" Britney moaned and continued kissing him.
Meanwhile, Derek and Katie made their way over to the sofa. He sat down and she straddled him! They continued kissing while he fondled her breasts and played with her pussy! Britney asked Todd to go sit on the sofa too. After a few more minutes of kissing and heavy petting, the girls got off the guys and stood in front of them. They whispered to each other and then Britney made an announcement. "Katie and I are willing to do anything you ask, but whatever you do, you have to do to both of us. OK?"
Todd and Derek looked at each other and nodded. "That won't be a problem." Todd said.
"And since we are willing to do whatever you ask, it's only fair that you do whatever we ask too! OK?" added Katie.
The guys had an uneasy look.
"Don't worry, we won't make you do anything gay." Britney assured them, "So do we have a deal?" The guys nodded in agreement. "OK, since it would be impolite to not let the ladies to go first, we decided to start off by giving you a blowjob, provided you'll still be able fuck later!" said Britney.
"Girls, I don't know about Derek, but I'm good for at least 5 or 6 rounds!"
"Dude! I can go just as long as you, if not longer!"
"Alright! It looks like we're going to have a lot of fun together! Now why don't you two stand up and take off those clothes!"
Todd and Derek stood up and removed their shirts. They had broad shoulders and were very muscular.
"Oh my God! Britney! Check out their pecs!"
"These guys are Roman Gods! I'm getting wet just looking at them!"
The guys reached down and began unbuttoning their shorts. "Are you ready to be impressed ladies?" asked Todd.
"I guarantee that Todd and I won't disappoint you!" touted Derek.
The girls squealed in delight! "Show us! Show us!"
Todd and Derek dropped their shorts at the same time, releasing the largest cocks that the girls had ever seen! The girls stared at the massive meat sticks in front of them! "I've never seen one so large before!" admitted Katie.
"Me neither!" gasped Britney, "They must be at least 8 inches long, and they aren't even fully hard yet!"
Each girl knelt down in front of their guy and began teasing his cock with their tongue. Slowly the cocks hardened into a full erection! Neither of the girls had sucked on such a large cock before and were having some difficulty fitting it completely into their mouth.
"It's OK girls, take your time. You'll get used to it."
After some minor gagging, the girls quickly adapted and were deep-throating their guy like a pro! Saliva dripped from their chins as they fellated the monster cocks! Within a few minutes the guys started grunting as their orgasms began to crest. The girls felt the cock in their mouth harden even more as it prepared to ejaculate! Todd and Derek let out pleasurable groans as their cocks started spurting hot cum into Britney and Katie's mouths! The girls squealed through their nose as they felt the first spurt splash at the back of their throat! They immediately adjusted their sucking so that the rest of the load landed on their tongue! After their guy was done cumming, each girl carefully released his cock from their mouth, ensuring that none of the cum dripped out. They looked up at their guy, swirled his cum around in their mouth, and eagerly swallowed it down! "Mmmm! Delicious!" The girls returned to the softening cocks in front of them and cleaned up any remaining cum.
"Damn! You girls really know how to suck cock!" exclaimed Todd
"We've had lots of practice!" said Britney as she licked her lips, "Isn't that right Katie?"
Katie still had Derek's cock in her mouth and hummed through her nose, "Uh-huh."
"You girls did a fantastic job giving us head, so we would like to return the favor." Todd and Derek instructed the girls to sit and lean back on the sofa. "Now spread your legs and let us enjoy those sweet pussies!" The guys knelt down and started licking the smooth hairless twats. Britney and Katie let out moans of pleasure as their guy sucked on their clit and labia! The guys smothered their face between their girl's legs, probing her wet hole with their tongue!
Todd paused for a moment and lifted his head, "This has got to be the best pussy I've even eaten! Sweet and tangy!"
"Same for me!" responded Derek, "Mine tastes like sunshine!"
The girls giggled and blushed from the compliments, and the guys returned to pleasuring them. Soon the girls' breathing and moaning increased as orgasms began to smolder in their groin. Todd and Derek responded by inserting a couple of fingers and massaging their girl's G-spot. The increased stimulation brought them closer to release. Each girl started gyrating her hips as her orgasm began to crest! Screams of ecstasy echoed throughout the house as Britney and Katie succumbed to their orgasms! They bucked their hips wildly as waves of pure sexual pleasure eminated from their pussy and passed through their entire body! The girls collapsed on the sofa for several minutes as they basked in the afterglow. Suddenly Britney's cellphone rang! She picked up the phone to see who was calling.
"Nobody say a word! It's my mom!" She answered the call. "Hi Mom!" ... "I'm fine, just hanging out with Katie" ... "We were just eaten out!" ... "Huh? No, I said we had just eaten." ... "We had some sausages." ... "Katie and I picked them up at the mall." ... "I'm not sure what kind, but they were really big." ... "You know the ones that plump when you cook them?" ... "Well these squirt when they are ready!" ... "Inside is a creamy sauce." ... "It tastes really good!" ... "Sorry Mom, but I don't think there will be any leftover for you." ... "Katie and I will probably just dick around the house for the rest of the day." ... "We are thinking of trying a new sexercise." ... "I said exercise, Mom!" ... "It involves a lot of stretching." ... "Yah, like yoga!" ... "We'll probably be pretty sore when we're done." ... "Well, they say if it doesn't hurt, you didn't do it right!" ... "OK, well give my love to Grandma. See you and Dad when you get home tomorrow." ... "Love you too Mom! Bye!" Britney ended the call.
Todd, Derek, and Katie were all staring at her.
"My mom is so fucking dense!" Everyone started laughing hysterically! "Well, you heard what I told my mom! You guys need to make me and Katie sore! And here's what I have in mind..." Britney explained that they were going to play a sex game. The objective was to see who could fuck the longest.
"OK, and what does the winner get?" asked Todd.
"The winning couple gets bragging rights and can decide the next activity!"
"And that activity can be anything?"
"Yes, anything!"
Todd and Derek looked at each other and nodded, "OK, we'll do it!"
"Great! then let's get started!" Britney had special dice with sex positions on them. She threw the dice and it landed on 'Doggy Style'.
"Oooh! This is one of my favorites!" Katie squealed.
The girls quickly got down on their hands and knees and arched their backs, making their pussy more accessible! Todd and Derek were used to fucking girls who had never experienced a giant cock before, so they started out easy until they got her broken in well enough to take it full force. Each guy kneeled down behind their girl, brought the head of his monster cock to the opening of her wet hole, and slowly pushed it in. Derek didn't have too much trouble entering Katie, but Todd did with Britney! Her small tight pussy resisted, having never stretched to accommodate such a large object before! Britney winced as Todd forced his cock into her pussy! He limited his thrusting to just a few inches at a time to give her pussy time to adjust, going deeper and deeper until the head of his cock hit her cervix! Britney flinched in pain!
"Ouch!" she cried.
"Sorry girl, but it's going to get a rough here for a little bit. I need to persuade your cervix to retreat up higher into your uterus. It's going to resist, but once it gives in, you'll be able to take my entire length!"
"Go ahead then! Destroy my pussy!" Britney shouted.
Todd began forcing his cock farther into Britney's cunt, with each thrust slamming into her cervix. Britney screamed in pain as the giant cock drilled deeper inside her! "OK, I'm about halfway in now! Only four more inches to go!"
"Oh God! I don't think if I can take any more! It feels like you're splitting me in half!"
"You're doing fine. Take some deep breathes. It will be all be over soon!" Todd forced his cock still deeper into Britney's tiny twat! "A couple more inches, you can do it!"
Britney felt like she was going to pass out from the pain. "Todd please stop, I can't..."
All of a sudden her uterus caved in! The pain she was feeling suddenly evaporated and Todd could sink his entire cock, balls deep, into her pussy! "Now that's what I call popping your cherry!" said Todd proudly. "Now get ready for some real sexual pleasure!" He slowly started pumping his monster cock in and out of Britney's stretched pussy. The massive girth and length of his dick completely filled her, providing more pressure and friction along the sides and back of her vagina than she had ever felt before! She could feel the thick head traveling back and forth between her labia and the back of her pussy! The stimulation was intense! So much that Britney began to experience her first ever uterine orgasm! Also known as the 'Meltdown' orgasm, it is an orgasm of tremendous sexual energy that can only be achieved through direct stimulation of the uterus. With each deep thrust of his cock, the energy in her orgasm increased, like a balloon being filled with water. At some point, her orgasm burst, like an overfilled water balloon, and her body was overtaken by an orgasmic wave of pure sexual euphoria! The feeling was so intense, that Britney's entire body began to spasm! She screamed, her eyes rolled back into her head, and she collapsed!
"Oh my God! I think she passed out!" said Todd to Derek and Katie.
Derek and Katie had been fucking away at a steady pace. Katie had already had an orgasm, but none as intense as Britney's. Derek had been edging himself along, holding back his orgasm until Katie was completely satisfied. Only then would he unload his cum into her pussy.
Katie looked over at Britney, "Hey girlfriend! Are you still with us?"
Britney responded incoherently.
"Dude! You fucked her senseless! Way to go!" commented Derek.
"So, should I stop fucking her, or what?"
"Keep fucking her! She wouldn't want you to stop!" said Katie.
Todd grabbed Britney's ass and started pumping his dick in and out of her pussy again! Since he no longer had to worry about pleasuring her, he concentrated on pleasuring himself instead. He increased his thrusting in both speed and force! His cock was moving like a piston in an engine! After a few minutes of intense pounding, Todd announced, "Alright! It's time to fill this sweet little twat with some hot thick jizz!"
Katie looked back at Derek, "Go ahead and fill me up too!"
Both guys concentrated on the pleasure that their cocks were receiving from their girl's pussy. A tingling sensation began to build deep in their groin as their body prepared to deliver a massive load of cum! Their cocks stiffened and swelled in anticipation! They held back the urge to release as long as they as they could. When the pressure became too great, their cocks erupted deep inside the girls! The guys grunted as spurt after spurt of hot milky cum flooded the girls' love canals! When the last of their cum was deposited, they carefully withdrew their monster cocks from the now quivering pussies. Britney, still unconscious from her intense orgasm, collapsed on the floor! A few minutes later, she came to. She was embarrassed for passing out like she did.
"Don't feel bad. It happens sometimes." Todd assured her.
"But I missed out on you nutting inside me!"
"Don't worry, Babe, I plan to do it again real soon!"
The four friends took a short break as they basked in the after-glow of their orgasms.
"OK girls, now it's our turn to decide the next event!" announced Todd.
"Hold on! Why do you two get to decide?" asked Katie.
"Well, Derek and I both finished fucking you at the same time! So technically the last competition was a tie!"
"And since you girls decided on 'Doggy Style', it's only fair that we get to decide the next event!" added Derek.
"I suppose you're right. So what's the next event?"
Todd and Derek conferred with one another and quickly came to an agreement. "Just to make sure, you girls said you would do anything, right?"
"That's right, anything!" replied Britney and Katie.
"OK then, we want you girls to get into the 69 position and eat each other's creampie!"
The girls looked at each other and then at the guys. "Seriously?" asked Britney.
"You agreed to do anything!" reminded Derek.
"That we did..." Britney turned to Katie, "You want to be on top or bottom?"
"I'll take bottom this time." Katie laid down on the floor and Britney climbed on top of her!
"Alright girls, start munching!"
This wasn't the first time that Britney and Katie performed oral sex on each other, but it was the first time to eat each other's creampie! They sunk their tongue into each other's pussy and began slurping up the cum! "That's it girls, eat those creampies! Don't stop until all the cum is gone!" encouraged the guys. The girls didn't know it, but Todd was filming them with his smartphone. Katie had it easy. With Britney on top, the cum dripped directly into her mouth! It didn't take her long to eat all the cum from her pussy! Britney, on the other hand, was having difficulty sucking the cum out of Katie. Katie could tell that she needed some help, so she suggested that they roll over. After changing positions, Britney was able to finish easily. The girls would have continued pleasuring each other, but Todd and Derek announced that they were hard again and ready to fuck some more! Britney and Katie gladly gave up each other's pussy for some more monster cock!
Britney rolled the dice again and it landed on 'Cowgirl'! "OK guys, you two lay down on the floor and Katie and I are going to ride you! Only this time, we're going to see who can make their guy cum first!"
"This is a competition just between me and Britney. We want to see who's more skillful at fucking! You guys don't need to do anything but stay hard and spurt your juice!"
Todd and Derek laid down on the floor and Britney and Katie straddled on top of them. The girls eased themselves down over the large cocks until the shafts completely disappeared into their pussies! Britney and Katie looked at each other and simultaneously announced, "Ready! Set! Go!" Both girls immediately started riding their guy's cock!
It took a considerable amount of physical effort for the girls to fuck in this position, but neither would let the other know that they were getting tired. The faster they fucked, the more their tits would bounce! This was a handicap for Katie as her large breasts would bounce out of control and break her rhythm! Derek eventually reached up and grabbed her tits with his hands, allowing Katie to maintain her tempo!
Britney, with her small breasts, was bouncing unhindered on Todd's cock! She had settled into a steady pace, one that was generating considerable pleasure for both Todd and herself! The couple locked eyes on one another, and could tell that the other was about to climax! Todd felt Britney's pussy tighten, indicating that she was on the crest of on orgasm, so he unleashed his own orgasm at the same time! As his cock erupted deep inside her, Britney was thrown into another meltdown orgasm! She screamed as her entire body spasmed from the intense pleasure! Just as before, her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she lost consciousness! Todd grabbed her by the waist to prevent her from falling. He also continued fucking her pussy as he finished delivering a huge load of cum deep inside her!
He held her in this position until she regained consciousness. When she came to, she looked down at Todd and smiled, "That was absolutely amazing! The best fuck I have ever had! Thank you so much!"
About that time Derek came inside Katie. She squealed with pleasure as she felt his cum filling her up inside!
"Oh? You're finally making your guy cum?" Britney teased.
"Well, if I had itty bitty titties like you, I would have been able to fuck faster too!" Katie countered. Britney stuck her tongue out at Katie and flipped her the bird!
"Girls! Girls! No need to fight! After all, in the end, isn't everyone a winner?" said Todd.
"That's true, but Katie still lost and as a penalty I think she should have to lick both of your cocks clean! What do you say Katie?"
"Gladly! And just so you know, I don't considerate it much of a penalty!"
"Whatever!"
Katie lifted herself off of Derek. As she did, a copious amount of cum dripped out of her pussy and ran back down Derek's cock. "Damn Derek! You really filled me up!"
"It's all or nothing when I fuck, Babe!"
Katie leaned down and licked all of the cum off of his cock and balls.
"That's right! Be a good little Bitch and clean up your mess!" taunted Britney.
When Katie was done cleaning up Derek, she moved over to Todd. "You want to get your skanky little cunt out of the way so I can give his cock a proper cleaning?!"
As Britney lifted herself off of Todd, both girls expected a similar amount of cum to drip out of her pussy, but they were surprised when his cock slipped out clean! "Are you sure you came inside me?"
"Yah! I delivered a truck load inside you!"
"Then where did it all go?" Britney slipped a finger into her pussy, pulled it out, and tasted it. "Nope, no cum!"
Todd suddenly looked really nervous, "Oh no!"
"Oh no what?"
"Sorry Britney, but we got to go! I just remembered someplace we need to be!"
"You're leaving?"
"Sorry!"
"But we were having so much fun!"
"I know, but we have go now."
"I don't understand."
"Britney, I can't talk right now."
"Oh, so you're the kind of guy who loves 'em and leaves 'em, huh? Fucks them hard and leave them wanting more?" Todd and Derek started putting on their clothes. "I don't fucking believe this! You really are leaving? Fine! Let me help you!" She grabbed a baseball bat that was next to the front door and threatened the guys with it! "Get out!" she screamed. "You and Derek get the fuck out of my house! I don't want to see you ever again!"
The guys grabbed their clothes and ran into the garage. She locked the door behind them and opened the garage door remotely. "I'm really sorry Britney! I didn't mean for this to happen to you!" Todd yelled from the other side of the door.
"Go to hell Todd!" She watched out the window until she saw them leave in their car. She turned to Katie, "Can you believe them? What jerks!"
"Some guys are just assholes! But you have to admit, that was some awesome sex!"
"You can say that again! The orgasms I had were out of this world!"