This is part ONE!
Her name was Emma, an 18-year-old vision of beauty with cascading blonde locks that shimmered like golden sunlight. Her south coast naturally tanned skin boasted a delicate flush, enhancing her youthful radiance. Her sparkling blue eyes held an air of curiosity and mischief, drawing you in with their magnetic allure.
Emma had a slender, curvy figure with an athletic build that exuded grace. Her petite size added to her charm, making every movement elegant. She carried herself confidently, with a captivating poise which hid a nervous shyness and disguised her awkward innocence.
Clad in her revealing attire, Emma's fashion choices embraced her youthful sensuality. She wore a form-fitting, sleeveless crop top that accentuated her slender waist and showcased a hint of her toned midriff, accentuating her natural 34C very perky breasts. Paired with a high-waisted skirt that hugged her hips, it emphasized her feminine curves, leaving a tantalizing impression.
With each step, her long, shapely, tanned legs peeked out from beneath the skirt. Completing her ensemble were a pair of stylish heels that elevated her height, adding to her allure and confidence.
Emma's overall appearance was a blend of natural beauty and youthful sex. Her vibrant smile and infectious energy radiated warmth, drawing others towards her like a magnet. Her style gave the appearance self-assuredness hiding her shy awkwardness and unlikely innocence, leaving a lasting impression on all those fortunate enough to cross her path.
Emma was heading back to school the day after she had presented the devastating news to her boyfriend that their 1 year relationship was over. She had just turned 18 and decided now she wanted to date a 'real' man. She no longer wanted to date an awkward boy who too easily accepted yet another refusal of going all the way.
Henry had always been a good looking, very nice and respectful boyfriend with a slim athletic frame as he was good at middle distance running and high jump. Emma had felt a little bad about dumping him, now, though, she felt she needed to experience more of a bad boy. Or in her mind a 'real man'.
Emma was heading to the school gym where she knew Zane would be practicing on the basketball court. Zane was a mixed race, muscular and very confident boy who had probably had sex with all the prettiest girls in his year, except for Emma, who he had always thought, although damn hot, was rather stuck-up and a bit rude. He'd also probably had sex with half the pretty girls in the year above when he was a year younger.
Emma sat up in the bleachers and made sure she caught Zane's eye before quickly looking away, and ensured her skirt was riding up her toned, tanned athletic thighs with Zane hoping any moment he might get a sneak peek at her panties.
It wasn't very long after Zane had used his best chat up lines and his long smouldering looks that he had grabbed Emma's hand, lead her down to the gym store cupboard and now had his tongue down her throat and his hand push up her crop top to expose her bra covered sexy breasts and his hand quickly slid underneath to get a full squeeze of her left boob and feel her moan of pleasure into his mouth as he rubbed across her hard nipple. For, Emma, this she felt was what she was longing for. A 'man' who would be a little rough and take what he wanted. It was definitely turning her on, have him roughly groping her breasts without even thinking that he had to ask. The deep demanding French kiss, his tongue exploring her mouth, wow! She was so aroused.
With his other hand he pushed down his shorts and lifted out his thick cock. He then took Emma's petite little hand and wrapped it around so she could feel just how big he was and would feel his growing erection. Zane knew this was always a winner.
Emma was quite shocked at the size of his cock. Her only experience was Henry's very average 6 inch dick. This was on a whole new scale. She would never know herself the exact dimensions of Zane's 8 1/2 inch long 6 inch thick cock but at this moment she was so impressed and also suddenly a little afraid that she literally had bitten off more than she could handle in her small feminine mouth. But there was still so much excitement at this new thrill and this new experience.
Zane applied enough pressure to Emma's shoulders till she was on her knees eye to with this 'trouser monster'. She knew what was expected and she knew this was what she wanted, a 'real' man taking what he wanted without asking, rather than being kind and sweet. But she was very nervous now, she had probably sucked Henry off less than half a dozen times, it was normally a rushed handjob to placate Henry and save her from having to do anything she felt was below herself. And with Henry it would take a few minutes and then Emma would leave him to clean up his mess.
Emma slid out her little tongue and licked across the head. She did this about 4 times but Zane was impatient and applied more pressure pushing forward while holding the back of Emma's head and soon he had the first 3-4 inches filling her mouth. But that wasn't going to satisfy him. He pushed forward, and was pleased to see Emma's eyes open saucer wide with a little fear and soon his thick cock was pushed hard against the back of her throat.
Never had Emma even considered deep throating Henry's slender dick and now she had this python pressed right into the back of her throat. She was learning quickly to breathe through her nose and realised there was no way this man was going to be happy until his thick cock was pushed down into her throat. Neither was Emma going to be happy until she could satisfy this bad-boy, she wanted this as much as Zane. Emma concentrated really hard to relax her throat muscles but soon was gagging as Zane push harder. As she gagged that gave Zane the opportunity, he push a little harder and the big purple bell end of his cock broke through and he had more than an inch of his cock now into her throat.
"Good girl". Emma was shocked at herself for feeling pride from his praise as he penetrated the back of her throat. Zane kept his grip on the back of her head and push forward. Now, there wasn't anything to impede process, a moment later Emma's nose was pressed into his pubic hair. She put both her hands against his hips to try as now she couldn't breathe at all and she could feel her drool running down onto her top and her exposed breasts.
Zane released her and she felt his huge cock slide back out again as she coughed and spluttered heavily, regaining her breath, heaving deeply.
Zane picked Emma up and carried her easily over to a stack of gym mats and threw her down like a rag doll. Before Emma could compose herself he'd push her skirt up around her waist and grabbed the hem of her tiny bikini panties and yanked them all the way down to her ankles and off. He grabbed both her calf muscles and lifted her legs right up nearly alongside her head. Her butt was now lifted and she knew he was staring down at her freshly shaved but 'never-been-seen-by-a-boy-before' pussy.
"Please NO!" Emma screamed out, "I've never gone all the way before and I'm not on birth control."
"There's no way that after 2 years of teasing me with your nice tits and round arse while turning your snobby nose up at me, then sucking my cock down your slutty throat. There's no way you're not going to take my dick in that tight wet pussy."
"Please! I'll give you a handjob till you cum, I'll even suck you and swallow."
"Handjob's are for little boy sissy geeks too afraid to take what a man should."
Zane pressed his thick cock up against her tight wet pussy and pushed. No give. He took both her ankles in one hand and reached down to flick and rub her clit. Her breath and then her moan told him it had the right effect. The problem was although Emma's brain said no, her body was betraying her, and she knew this was what she had dreamed of for so long. A 'man' taking her roughly whether she wanted it or not. God! Yes she wanted this and hoped it wasn't going to hurt too much.
Zane pushed his hips forward a little harder and the head started to open her up. The first inch. A big wide mouthed gasp as Emma felt this monster stretch her virgin pussy open. And worse, it felt amazing!
Zane held his thick head in the entrance of her pussy, letting her get used to it and feeling the wetness of her arousal around his cock. The lubrication meant he could push in a couple more inches. She felt the pain as it stretched her tight little pussy open but God it also felt damn good. And as her pussy got used to the size Zane was able to push in until she could feel the big purple head of his thick cock press against her cervix. He looked down to see all of Emma's thick cream around the middle of his cock that was about to push into her now freshly ex-virgin pussy.
Emma felt it building as Zane pushed into her, she had her first ever orgasm not using her fingers or her little vibrator. No comparison.
Now Zane was fucking her harder and harder. He was pumping into her and getting impossibly deeper and deeper. Her little pussy was stretching out to accommodate more and more of this big thick cock.
As Zane pushed his tongue into her mouth, he felt Emma tense up and start to shake for her second big orgasm and he felt her scream into his mouth. This bitch was the hottest fuck he'd ever had, and he had had a lot!
Zane was determined to fuck this bitch to many orgasms and to ensure that she would be left wanting more and more hereafter.
He had let go of Emma legs which had now wrapped themselves around his toned torso and he had a hand either side of her beautiful face as he slammed his hips down again and again against this stunning blonde, his cock impaled so deep into her.
As Zane's own orgasm built, Emma was rising to her third. She had lost all control now, all the pain had gone and she felt like every cell of her being was focused on that hot wet centre of her femininity being owned by this arrogant, cocky muscular young man.
She felt Zane start to tense, and as she came to realisation, her brain screamed no, her heart was completely confused but her pussy was screaming yes. Then she felt his cock explode, and could feel the heat as spurt after spurt of hot thick fertile sperm pumped as deep as any ever could. Her body was trembling her thighs shaking in her first ever intense multiple orgasm.
Zane lay there for a moment to recover. God, that felt so damn good. To own this snobby little bitch and fuck her like a slut! Then he rolled off Emma, his still thick but softening cock plopped out of her soppy gaping, slightly swollen and very red pussy. He looked down at her, admiring his work.
Emma looked up, never having felt so exposed and open to another person. She could see the contempt in Zane's eyes and she could feel her own shame.
Zane pulled his shorts back on again, then reached down and pciked up Emma's skimpy bikini panties and tucked them into his pocket and then he was gone. Emma lay there naked and confused. She had just got exactly what she wanted, the fucking of her life by a 'real' man, bad boy, who just 'took' her.
Emma sat up and looked down pooling between her legs was a thick mix of his and her juices on the mats. She could feel his spunk had dribbled out and run down between her firm round arse cheeks. Emma pulled her bra and top back down covering her perfect perky breasts. She shakily got to her feet and pulled her skirt back down to cover herself. She had missed her first class, but she needed to go to the ladies and clean up, she couldn't go to Mrs Hickingbotham's biology lesson with spunk dribbling down her thighs. Although her skirt was down to just above her knees, she felt so exposed without panties, and was going to have to get through the day like this.
Part tow will follow soon.