Everyone in this story is over 18 yrs old or older
*
Paul was home from college on semester break. He was a sophomore studying engineering. He was going to be home for the entire break standing in for his parents. They had won a cruise from a local travel agency. They only agreed to go if Paul would stay home with his younger sister Samantha. At 18 she was two years younger than Paul. She was a senior in high school.
Their parents had agreed to let two of Samantha's friends from school stay with her over the time they were away. Beth and Jill were excited to be away from home and ecstatic when they learned that Paul was going to be there too.
Paul had gone to the same high school as his sister and her friends. Even though he was a couple of years older they remembered him well. He was one of the hottest guys to ever roam the halls of their school. His big white smile and deep blue eyes were things that were hard to forget. His handsome face and athletic body didn't go unnoticed either.
He was the kind of boy these girls dreamed of meeting and going out with but knew realistically they had no chance with guys like him.
Paul was the main subject the two friends talked about the entire week before their stay. Samantha got sick of hearing them fawning over him. She had become immune to all the attention he received.
The first day after their parents had gone went great. The three girls hung out and chatted about the gossip they'd heard at school last week before their break. Paul just took it easy settling down from his hectic college schedule routine.
Around 11:30 pm, Paul walked down the hall toward Samantha's bedroom. He was going to tell the girls he was going to sleep and could they keep the noise down.
Just before he knocked on her door he overheard an interesting conversation.
Beth and Jill were telling his sister how they had each dreamed of dating her brother. They continued in detail fantasizing what it would feel like to touch and caress his hot body. Samantha interpreted with a gagging sound indicating how repulsive that was to her.
Beth countered that by saying, "I swear I'd faint if I even ever saw him in his underwear. Can you imagine seeing a godlike body like his in just his briefs. I'd give my left arm for a chance like that." Jill quickly seconded that statement and added, "Something like that would make my whole year, but like most of my dreams it'll never happen, oh well."
Beth and Jill continued to express to Samantha how lucky she was to have an Adonis like him as a brother. Sam had never thought of her brother as anything but just that, a brother. But after listening to her friend rave about his outstanding good looks she had to admit he was a handsome guy at that.
Paul stood in the hall just outside his sister's room contemplating a somewhat sinister and vain thought circling in his head. His devilish plan seemed to fall into place within seconds and he knocked on his sisters door.
"Hey ladies," he said jokingly. "I'm gonna hit the sheets. Are you guys ok for the night? Need anything before I conk out?
Samantha answered, "Nope we're good but thanks for asking. See ya in the morning."
"Yeah that's what I wanted to talk to you all about. My sinuses are killing me and they get worse when I lay down. I've got some prescription meds I'm going to take but the only thing is they knock me out. I mean I'm dead to the world when I take these pills. So if I'm not up by say, 9:30 in the morning can you guys wake me, please? I'm supposed to meet up with some old buddies tomorrow for coffee/brunch."
Samantha again spoke up saying, "Sure thing bro, no probs."
"Cool, I really appreciate that," Paul said, laughingly. On his exit he said,"If the house catches on fire during the night you guys will have to come drag me out, I'll never know anything about it.......hahaha"
Paul shut the door wondering if his roundabout hints were absorbed by any of the girls. Before he got back to his room he thought he heard some snickering coming from the girls down the hall.
Paul thought more about his scheme to play with Jill and Beth's admiration of him. If the girls had picked up on the fact that the medication would knock him out they would try to sneak a peek of him while sleeping.
He decided to wear a pair of tighty-whities to sleep in instead of his regular boxers. They gave more definition to his body and were sexier. He became excited thinking about exposing himself like this. He'd never realized this about himself.
He got in bed and of course didn't take any medication for his made-up sinus problem. Laying there he wondered if his plan was going to work. After a while he fell asleep forgetting about anything but sleep itself.
Paul opened his eyes and stretched. He looked around his room to see that it was daylight and sat up. Yawning he glanced at his alarm clock, 9:20 am and then he remembered his plan from the previous night. The girls hadn't picked up on his hints or they'd have been in his room before now. But he then remembered he'd told them to wake him up by 9:30 and now that was only a few minutes away.
He quickly laid back down, arranging himself so that he was on his side with his back facing the door. His sheet was exposing one leg and part of one butt cheek. Of course he was still wearing his tighty-whities so his butt was not naked.
Just then he heard rumbling outside his door in the hallway. He closed his eyes and pretended he was still zonked out.
He heard several loud knocks on his door. Then again more knocks. He was as still and quiet as possible. Then he heard his bedroom door click open. "Paul," his sister called out loudly. Paul, it's 9:30, time to get up. You wanted us to wake you up."
He didn't move a muscle. Then he heard footsteps, more than one person, coming closer.
"Oh look, his sheet is pulled up off his leg an............and some of his...........his butt," one of the girls whispered . He couldn't determine who said it.
His sister whispered back, "Oh my god, get a grip Beth. It's just skin and a peek of underwear."
"Oh I know but it's Paul's skin and under.............underwear," Beth whispered a reply. "You have no idea how long I've dreamed about seeing your hunky brother like this! I think I might pass out, this is so dreamy."
Jill then added her thoughts by whispering, "Beth has a point. When do girls like us ever get the chance to see guys like Paul like this? He is such a gorgeous boy, so fit and.........and everything."
"Well he wanted us to wake him up at 9:30 and it's that time now," Samantha said, speaking more normally now.
"Oh PLEASE Samantha, can't you just give us a couple of minutes to admire the natural beauty right in front of us?" Beth pleaded.
Jill jumped in begging the same thing from her friend, "Pppppllllleeeeeaaaasssseeee! Samantha, please!"
"Ok ok," Samantha answered. "I'm going downstairs to put the coffee on but when I get back we're waking him up!" With that Samantha left the room and headed for the stairs.
Both Beth and Jill couldn't take their eyes off the prize male specimen that lay just inches away from them.
Just as Paul considered faking waking up he heard Beth say to Jill, "I can't believe what I'm about to do."
Jill questioned, "What are you talking about?"
"I'm going to move his sheet so we can see more of him!" Beth surprised herself when she heard it come out of her mouth. "When will girls like us ever get another chance to do anything like this again?"
Jill looked at Beth and nodded her head in agreement.
Paul could not believe the conversation happening just inches away from him, about him! He was both shocked and oddly excited simultaneously. What had started out as a simple plan to give a couple of girls a little thrill was escalating right in front of him.
Paul felt the sheet covering him begin to lift and move away from his body. With his eyes still closed he couldn't tell for sure but it felt as if the bottom half of his body was no longer covered by the sheet. He could feel the cooler air circulating around his naked legs.
"Oh look at that bubble butt Jill," Beth said, breaking the silence.
Jill responded with a sigh and a deep exhale saying, "That's the most beautiful butt I've ever seen. It's perfect."
Paul almost produced a smile before catching himself, after all he was 'fast asleep.'
Just then Paul felt the sheet moving again. This time he knew that all his coverage was gone. He felt the air in the room on his back and chest. He was laying there in just his tighty-whities in front of the two girls.
"Oh Beth, what are you doing?" Jill whispered.
"I couldn't help it, I just had to see more. He's so damn handsome and this body. It's about to drive me wild." Beth admitted.
"Samantha will be back any minute and we've got to get that sheet back on him before that," Jill insisted.
"Just one more thing I want to see," Beth said as she rolled Paul over onto his stomach. This gave both girls a prime view of both of his muscular butt cheeks. In addition his tighty-whities had crept into his butt crack giving them the perfect definition of his crack.
Both girls let out audible gasps as they devoured the sight in front of them.
The girls heard footsteps approaching them and quickly grabbed the sheet flinging it over the nearly naked boy just in time for Samantha's re-entrance.
Samantha entered the room shouting Paul's name. With no response she grabbed his shoulder and started violently shaking the boy. Paul finally reacted somewhat, saying, "Go away, leave me alone mom."
Samantha answered, "It's not your mommy big boy it's me, now GET UP! You're supposed to meet your friends later, remember?"
Paul started moving and opened his eyes and said, "Oh yeah, thanks guys. Guess I was really out of it. Those pills are really strong, I guess."
Beth and Jill both shook their heads and Beth asked, "You don't remember anything before when we tried to wake you earlier?"
Paul answered, "No......like I was saying that stuff does a number on me. Thanks again ladies. Now I better grab a shower and get this day going."
Samantha let him know that there was coffee made whenever he was ready for some as the three left his room.
The girls' day was filled with games, food and gossip. They chatted about their friends' romances and want to be romances at school. It was a normal day in the lives of high school girls.
At some point their conversation turned back to Paul and Beth and Jill's admiration of him. Again they fawned over his good looks and superior body. Jill let it slip that she really enjoyed seeing his full butt in just his underwear.
"What are you talking about?" Samantha asked.
Beth quickly interrupted saying, "While you were making the coffee Paul rolled over on his stomach. When he moved, his sheet slid off of him and onto the floor. That's when we saw all of his butt. But we quickly retrieved his sheet and covered him up."
Samantha looked at them both with skepticism but let it go as what had happened.
After dinner Paul and the three girls settled in the living room to watch a movie on tv. The movie was about two couples who lived very different lives but somehow became friends. At one point they all smoked some grass and then decided to take a dip in the pool. The more liberal guy slowly stripped off naked and encouraged everyone to join him.
Beth and Jill were watching intensely as the actor got naked on the screen.
Beth commented, "I'm surprised to see them show a totally naked man in a movie. It's normally a naked woman accompanied by a guy in his shorts or underwear. It's such a double standard when it comes to that."
Samantha chimed in with, "Well if you ask me everyone should keep their clothes on, I don't need to see that stuff."
Beth reiterated, "Well I think it's about time the roles were reversed. More naked men and less women. It's only fair. You guys have had the opportunity to see naked women for years and years. It's only recently that they've started showing naked men in movies or on tv." She was looking directly at Paul while explaining her point of view.
"Hey, don't hate on me." Paul said. "If anything I agree with you. The human body is a beautiful thing and should be shared by all. I certainly don't have a problem with men being butt naked for the world to admire,"........he said chuckling.
Jill sat just noodling her head in agreement with Paul's observation.
"Again, I be happy if everyone just kept their clothes on around me," Samantha said as she rolled her eyes in apathy.
"Ok guys, that's it for me, time for sleep. Seems like I can't get enough lately," Paul mentioned. As he was leaving the room he turned his head and asked, "I hate to be a bother but could I impose on you all again? I'm going to take another dose of my sinus meds and as always I'll be dead too the world. Please don't let me sleep past 10 or so. I hate to waste the day asleep."
Beth spoke up, out of turn and answered with exhilarated enthusiasm, "Sure, no problem. We'll make sure you're UP by then."
Samantha looked at her with surprise. She was a bit confused as to why Beth had answered Paul and not left it up to her.
Before Paul left the living room he stopped, turned and asked, "Oh by the way if you need any whites washed tomorrow I've got to do some laundry. It's the damnedest thing. I could have sworn I packed enough socks and underwear to last at least a week but I'm already completely out. So just let me know if you've got anything you want washed........night all."
In his bedroom Paul's head was swimming with ideas. He had laid down several hints for the girls to absorb and hoped they would pick up on them.
Since he'd implied that all his underwear was dirty he would sleep in his jockstrap. He would have to remember to stay on his back to keep from reveling his nearly naked ass to them if they removed his sheet again. He boned up a bit just thinking about being adored and partially exposed in front of the two girls. He drifted off to sleep thinking about their reactions to his jockstrap in the morning.
He was suddenly aware of movement in his room. He could see it wasnt daylight yet through his squinted eyes. He was aware enough to know he couldn't move since he was supposed to be knocked out from the medication. If he gave away his pretense everyone would know he had been pretending the night before.
He heard his bedroom door close. He started to exhale a breath of relief when he heard his light switch click on. Again through his squint he knew his bedroom was bathed in light. Whoever it was, was still in his room.
Before he could begin to start to think of what to do he heard two voices. It was Beth and Jill.
"I can't believe you talked me into this. We'll get caught, I just know Samantha will wake up and see we're gone," he heard Jill say.
"No she sleeps so soundly she'll never know," Beth reassured her.
"Ok then let's get this over with, I'm scared to death," Jill said.
With hearing that Paul felt his sheet being lifted off of his body once again. He then frantically realized he was sleeping on his side, just as he had been this morning. Both girls gasp out loud as they saw their dream guy's naked ass come into view.
"Oh fuck..........he's naked.........."Jill hissed.
"No look, he's wearing a jockstrap. Remember he said all his underwear was in the laundry. How fucking lucky for us. I can't believe we're seeing this hunks' nearly naked butt. Isn't it beautiful?" Beth asked.
"This has to be a dream. It can't actually be real. It's too much to ever even imagine," Jill said out loud.
Paul was starting to stiffen listening to all the girls' flattering words about him.
He heard Beth whispering just before he felt himself being rolled over onto his stomach, again. He realized his entire butt was now on display including his naked butt crack.
After a few minutes of what he determined was just being admired, he heard Beth yet again speak, "We may never get another opportunity to do this so here we go!"
With that said he felt hands grip his butt cheeks and then spread them wide open. He nearly eked out a surprised gasp. The two friends of his sister were looking at a guys most personal and private area, his butt hole. Nobody had ever seen this part of his body. Nobody had ever wanted to see it before that he was aware of. He felt totally humiliated.
"Wow, that's beautiful isn't it Jill?" Beth asked her friend.
"I......I.....I don't know. I've never seen one before," Jill answered.
"Just look at it. It's tight and pink and puckered. It's a guy's most private area and we've seen it. We're seen this hunk of a man's most intimate area." Beth said admiringly.
"Ok now you've seen that, let's get out of here before we get busted," Jill said.
"No, there's just one more thing I want to see before we go," Beth said.
With that Paul felt hands grip his shoulder and pull back attempting to turn him on his back. It wasn't working, thank god Paul thought. But then he felt another pair of hands. Jill must have joined in trying to turn him over. With both of them pulling with all they were worth, they finally flipped him over onto his back.
Paul was now terrified. Listening to all the idolizations of him by them his penis was at least at half mast, if not more. He was sure they couldn't miss it. It had to be tenting in his jockstrap pouch.
"Oh my god, look at that!" Beth nearly screamed. "He's huge. His dick must be at least eight inches. I can't wait to see it."
As Beth grabbed the waistband of his jockstrap and begain pulling it down the girls heard a noise from the hallway. Beth let go of the jock and grabbed the sheet throwing it over Paul's body.
Just then Paul's door opened. Samantha had a puzzled look on her face and said, "What in the world is going on here? What are you two doing in here? What the fuck?"
Beth quickly answered, "Samantha you won't believe this. We both woke up hearing something weird. The more we listened the louder it got. We jumped up heading toward the noise. We got in the hallway and determined the noise was coming from Paul's room. We barged in and it appeared Paul was choking. His breathing was labored and it scared us. We rolled him over on his stomach and patted on his back and suddenly he seemed to be ok. Then we turned him on his back again and we were just making sure he was ok."
Jill looked at Beth with amazement. She couldn't believe she'd come up with that elaborate tale off the top of her head.
Samantha checked out her brother to confirm that he seemed ok and then thanked the girls for their concern and help.
As they were returning to Samantha's room she asked, "Didn't Paul ever wake up while all that was happening?"
"Nope, he never moved. That medication must be something else." Beth answered.
As soon as Paul determined that it was safe he grabbed his now rock hard penis and furiously beat off. For some reason that experience had aroused him so much he had to take care of it immediately. He was confused as to why all of this affected him in such a sexual way. He'd never experienced the arousal extremes he was now feeling. He looked forward to being found in future compromising situations. And the adoration he received got him hard instantaneously.This was all new to him but he knew one thing, he loved it.
Paul drifted off after experiencing a night of firsts and amazing new experiences. He woke to the sound of voices in his room again. Listening but not moving he guessed it was 10 esh and the girls were coming to wake him.
"Up and Adam sleepyhead," Samantha announced.
This time he started moving about grunting and yawning. He purposely, but without their knowledge, started kicking the sheet which was all wrapped around his body. Finally with one good kick the sheet flew off of him and floated gently to the floor.
All three girls appeared shocked, from the expressions on their faces.
"Paul," Samantha shouted. "You're...........you're not........not wearing..........you're almost .......naked!"
Paul acted like he'd forgotten he was sleeping in his jockstrap. He said,"Oh shit, sorry." Attempting to reach for the missing sheet he fumbled around trying to locate it. Then he saw it spread out on the floor. He jumped up to retrieve it. This only resulted in his exposing,again, his naked butt. And bending over to pick the sheet up opened it up for a second time for two and a first for his sister, giving them all access to view his pink butt hole.
After snatching the sheet and quickly wrapping himself in it Paul said jokingly, "I told you I was out of undies. Sorry for the unintended show of flesh." Pausing for a brief interlude he then added, "Guess I could be in the movies now.........",he laughed, "Just like the one we saw last night."
Before she could stop herself Beth uttered, "Well not quite, the guy last night didn't have a stick of clothes on. He's still got you beat."
They all kind of half laughed and the girls headed out to start their day.
Again Paul sprouted a full on boner by the time they had cleared his room. He had to take care of business before thinking about starting his day.
The day went by without much happening except for Paul's intermittent thoughts of how he could be exposed to Beth and Jill again. Giving it a lot of thought Paul decided to cool it for the night. He was afraid three nights in a row of 'accidentally' being caught in nearly nothing might be a bit suspicious.
The next morning Beth and Jill seemed to be in a foul mood when Paul joined them and Samantha for breakfast.
"Hey what's all this sad vibe I'm getting this morning?" Paul asked,looking around to all of them.
"Oh nothing really, just bored I guess," Beth suggested.
"Oh I'm sorry, I wish there was something I could do to help but I don't have any idea what that might be." Paul said. "Oh by the way, I'll be out most of the day. I've got a Dr.s appointment to try and get some new meds for my sinuses. The stuff I've got now, as you guys know, really knocks me out. Hopefully they'll give me something else that works as well but doesn't zap me.
Beth jumped in adding, "Well the stuff you have seems to work in spite of the knockout punch it gives you. I mean hopefully the new stuff will work as well." She hoped that last bit would cover her obvious first objection.
Beth looked at Jill and gave her a disappointed expression. She sure didn't want Paul to be prescribed anything other that the stuff he was taking now. If he took something else they'd have no more opportunities to sneak into his room to check him out.
That evening during dinner Samantha asked Paul if he'd had any luck getting a new prescription.
"We'll, yes and no." Paul had conjured up this new idea of switching pills and was about to reveal it. Paul continued, "The Dr. said that there wasn't any better medication available. The Dr. added that the same medication was available mixed with some new additives and I might have better results trying that form."
"So did he give you the new prescription?" Samantha asked."
"He had a handful of samples in his office so he let me have them to try and see if I liked them. Paul answered. "He warned me to watch out for any side effects though. That's why he gave me the samples to try before buying them."
"Did he go over the side effects with you?" She asked.
"No not yet but I'll read them later. The Dr. gave me that list that comes with new prescriptions. You know the one that you need a magnifying glass to read........" he laughed.
Just to clarify Beth asked, "So it's basically the same stuff you were taking before?"
"Yep, doc said there isn't anything better to take for my sinuses." Paul answered. "Guess I'll find out tonight if it works any differently."
After dinner the group played a game of monopoly that lasted way too long. Everyone was tried when it finally ended.
Paul got up and announced he was off to la la land. Yet again he asked the girls to not let him sleep away the day, tomorrow.
They agreed to wake him by midday at the latest. And Paul was off to his bedroom.
This nights adventure was going to be tricky but still exciting, Paul concluded.
Beth and Jill had waited until Samantha was in a deep sleep to slip out to Paul's room for more fun. Just as they entered the hallway Paul's bedroom door opened. With nowhere to hide they froze in place.
Paul walked out of his room and walked directly toward the two girls. They knew they'd been caught. Beth was already thinking of an excuse for both girls being out in the hallway at this late hour.
Paul walked right by them as if he didn't even see them. He looked like he was in some kind of trance. He walked into the bathroom and began to pee. The girls couldn't see but they definitely heard what he was doing.
Next they saw Paul walk out of the bathroom and head toward the steps that led downstairs. Again he went right past them with no sign of recognition. They noted to each other that he was only wearing a pair of boxers. As he started down the stairs the two girls followed close behind.
They watched as he went into the kitchen, poured himself a glass of water and drank it. After putting his glass into the sink he turned and passed the girls, nearly brushing up against them. He headed for the couch in the living room. Before sitting down he picked up the tv remote and turned it on.
Beth and Jill came to the conclusion that maybe one of the side effects of his new medication could be sleepwalking. It was the only thing that would explain what was happening. His glazed over look and him not seeing them standing right in front of him. They decided to investigate their theory and each took a seat on either side of him on the couch.
As the girls sat next to Paul he made no indication of their presence. They noticed that the movie the group had watched earlier in the week was playing. It was the movie with the male nude scenes in it.
The two girls were enjoying their very close range view of Paul. It wasn't as thrilling as the sight of him in his jockstrap but it was still great. They were also sitting so close they could feel the heat coming from his nearly naked body. The girls were ecstatic getting another chance to examine this hunky god-like guy.
They were surprised when they heard Paul make a grunt-like laugh noise and point to the tv. They looked at the screen and saw it was on the scene where the guy strips naked.
Suddenly Paul stood up and grabbed his boxers at the waist. Swoosh, and his boxers were around his ankles.
Beth and Jill were astounded. There stood their fantasy guy completely and totally naked inches from them. They each stared at his penis. It wasn't huge but beautifully complimented the rest of his body. Its long stem laid on top of a great set of hairless balls. It had a mushroom-like pink head that seemed too big for its stem.
As Paul sat back down his junk fell onto the couch cushion as if it had been made for them. He was thrilled with himself. He'd finally gotten totally naked and exposed his full body to his adoring audience.
He was now thinking about how to bring this playtime to an end without much commotion. He hadn't really thought this last plot through to the end.
As Paul was contemplating an end Beth whispered to Jill, "I'll never get another chance like this so I'm going for it."
Paul suddenly felt a hand grab his penis. He knew right away that had been what Beth was telling Jill. He had no clue as to what his next move should be.
Jill shockingly asked, "What the fuck are you doing?"
Beth answered, "This will be my one and only chance to see this beautiful hunk naked and hard. I'm gonna get him erect. It's bound to be amazing."
"You can't do that. He will wake up for sure and then what will we do?" Jill questioned.
"People who sleepwalk have driven cars and never woke up. So how would this be any different? In addition to sleepwalking that sinus that medication he's on knocks him out." Beth replied. "I don't care if he does wake up, I'm doing this!"
All this time Beth had been pumping Paul's now stiffening penis. He couldn't think of a way to stop this train wreck that was happening.
Beth took her other hand and caressed his big balls. In his struggles to cope with this situation he couldn't understand how wonderfully exciting it felt. Realizing he was totally naked and being fondled and masturbated by and in front of two of his sisters friends was overwhelmingly erotic.
Beth felt his balls start to shrink in her hand and his penis get even harder than it had been. Paul knew he was close but was still conflicted about this final step. How would he ever be able to look at either of these girls if he were to spill his cum in front of them. He knew it wasn't a question of if but when he'd cum now.
"WHAT THE FUCK," all three looked up to see Samantha standing a couple feet away again saying, " WHAT THE FUCKS GOING ON?"
No sooner than those words left Samantha's mouth than Paul exploded. He spewed like a fountain made of hot white boy cum. It was the most intense orgasm Paul had ever experienced. Cum went in all directions as Beth continued to pump him. His penis resembled a fire hose that had been left unattended.
When he finally stopped gushing boy butter it was everywhere. Paul was covered in his own juices. Jill had gotten splashed several times and Beth's hand, the one she'd used to jack him off, looked as if she had dipped it in a bucket of boy cum.
Paul's penis remained stiff with the pink mushroom head still oozing small amounts of cum.
The realization hit him like a brick. He'd just had an orgasm and emptied his ball sack of cum two feet away from his younger sister. She had not only seen him naked and hard but witnessed his most intimate body function. What had he done? How could things ever be "normal" between them again.
Paul had no idea what to do next so he decided to try and keep up the charade he'd started.
"Somebody answer me?" Samantha demanded. "What in god's name is going on here? I can't believe my eyes. Why are you naked Paul and why was Beth..........ah..........beating you off? Before anyone could answer she continued, "I can't believe I saw what I just saw! Am I in the middle of a fucking nightmare or what? Somebody tell me something before I explode!"
Beth began trying to explain about how they found him in the hallway. Then they followed him downstairs. And how he put the movie on. Then they discovered he must be sleepwalking. When the movie got to the guy getting naked Paul stood up and dropped his boxers.
Samantha was looking at Beath as if she'd lost her mind asking, "I'm supposed to believe a crazy story like that?"
Jill popped in saying, "That's all the truth Samantha, just like Beth said."
"Ok, say I'm gullible enough to buy that line, then explain how everyone ends up covered in my brother's cum?" Samantha asked, smirking
"Oh that's entirely my fault," Beth spoke up. "Please don't hate me but I knew I'd, we'd looking at Jill, never get another chance to see Paul naked and erect. So I started playing with his penis and before I knew it he was cumming all over everywhere. And I swear that's the truth."
"Paul......Paul," Samantha kept calling his name.
"It's no use he's sleepwalking and has no idea what's happening around him," Beth explained.
Samantha walked closer to her cum covered naked brother trying her best to avert her eyes. She waved her hand in front of his face and called out his name again with no response from him.
"Ok ok ok, let me think," Samantha said. " He can never find out about this. The humiliation would kill him. He's always been very private about his body. Heck I've never even seen him.......naked, well until now anyway."
"This is what we're going to do," Samantha said. "First we've got to clean him up, go get some towels, wet and dry ones. Then we'll get these boxers back on him and get him back to his bed."
All three girls washed the cum off his body and dried him as quickly and silently as possible so as not to accidentally wake him. It was a struggle getting his boxers back on him. All the touching and pulling aroused his mighty penis once more. They all stood back a moment to just admire the throbbing site. Yes, even his sister had to admit that her brother's penis was a thing of beauty.
They walked him back to his room and got him tucked into his bed.They quickly returned to Samantha's room to end the busy evening, well late morning by now.
Paul lay there reviewing the events that had occurred. The fact that he'd been naked and cum in front of his sister kept replaying over and over again. He didn't know how to feel about that other than being confused.
As Paul awoke he could hear voices coming from downstairs. He assumed the girls were up and chatting downstairs. He wondered if their chat involved the going's on from last night. He had to believe that their discussions would cover that.
He was also thinking that today would be the last opportunity for any chance of his exposure the the girls. His parents would be home from their cruise tomorrow. His brain started swirling with ideas of ways to "accidentally" be seen nearly or totally naked.
It was 10 am and still fairly early for as late as they were up last night. He wondered if he could get away with the sleepwalking scheme this morning. He knew the longer he waited to decide, the less likely this plan would work.
He decided to go with it. He'd walk downstairs completely naked as if he was still sleepwalking. As he was preparing his head to do this his penis was swelling by leaps. By the time he was ready to walk out of his room and start down the stairs his penis was full blown hard. He removed all expression from his face and adapted a glazed look, he started down the steps.
Reaching the bottom stair he took a deep breath and rounded the corner into the living room where the voices were coming from.
He saw his sister, Samantha, then Beth and Jill sitting on the floor. He heard audible gasps but they didn't seem to be coming from the girls. He was confused. How could the girls be making sounds with their mouths closed?
Paul's eyes drifted past the girls and to his horror there sat his mom and dad, accompanied by his aunt, uncle and their daughter.
Unable to comprehend what he was seeing, his brain sort of short circuited. All he could do was stand there naked and his hard penis bobbing in thin air. All eyes in the room were centered on this handsome naked boy in front of them.
Paul suddenly reacted without any consideration for his "plan" and started trying unsuccessfully to cover his naked erection. He cried out, "I'm......I'm.......aah. ..I'm....sorry. I'm sorry I didn't........you weren't.......this was......" Nothing he tried to say was making any sense to anybody.
Paul's father jumped up and ran toward him. Paul assumed help was coming in some kind of way from him. He was open to help from any source possible.
"Our cruise gets cut short and we come home to this!" Paul's father screamed.
As Paul's father closed in on him Paul saw a look on his face he'd never seen before. His father had a crazed look on his face.
Paul's father, standing facing Paul's side, wrapped one arm across his chest and grabbed his shoulder. With his other arm he started slapping Paul's naked ass cheeks with his bare hand. He swatted at and connected with his son's cheeks again and again and again. He was acting like a crazy person. The slaps his hand was making with his son's ass echoed throughout the room.
To see this from a far was almost comical. A grown 20 years old man being severely spanked by an older man. It wouldn't be such a spectacle if this had been an adult punishing a naughty offspring.
Paul was now screaming and crying,both from the spanking and the humiliation of his being naked and erect in front of his parents and his aunt, uncle and cousin.
Paul's father finally stopped spanking his naked butt. Paul stood there sobbing and rubbing his red and stinging naked ass. After a few moments he realized he was no longer being held by his father. He glanced around the room with an "I'm so sorry" look, turned and ran toward the steps.
The gathered folks in the living room were left with the final view of this gorgeous naked hunk running away. His bright red freshly spanked butt jiggling with every step along with his whimpering sobs.