We needed a well earned break and decided to book a week's holiday in Tenerife. We'd been in our five star hotel for three days with Suzi, as per usual, flirting with every male in the vicinity, giving the guys the odd sneaky flash of her nipples and once or twice a few guys were honoured with a view of her smooth hairless slit. It was obvious she would be fucking before the week was over.
On our third day we made our way to the fabulous outdoor pool. I got us a couple of sun loungers then went to the bar to order some drinks. A very cute waitress wearing a small white bikini, with quite large tits I may add, told me to take my seat and she would bring our drinks over.
I walked back toward my seat. Looking ahead I saw Suzi standing with some young buff guy rubbing oil in to her back and shoulders. I'd only been gone a matter of minutes and my hot slut wife had somehow wrangled some beach body dude into oiling her up. I reached my sun loungers smiling at Suzi and her new friend, then lay back.
The waitress followed me with the drinks and placed them on the table between the two sun loungers. I gulped my drink down and stretched out on my sun lounger, about to feign a deep sleep. As I stretched out on the sun lounger, I made sure my jet black Ray Bans concealed my watching eyes. Suzi poured some oil down her back and instructed the young guy to continue rubbing the oil in to her skin. Some of the oil ran down her back, pouring between her ass cheeks with the rest beginning to cover her buttocks. She turned her head to the young guy and whispered.
"Could you rub that in before it dries please!" She giggled quietly and very teasingly.
The young guy placed his hands on her firm buttocks and began to massage the oil gently into her perfectly formed orbs. He was looking somewhat flustered rubbing oil in to a total sex goddess, while her husband lay beside them. Suzi began to tease him deliciously as she arched her back, making her large firm breasts thrust forward, tethered by the tiny shiny golden bikini she was wearing.
The young guy was still rubbing the oil in to Suzi's ass, deliberately taking his time, enjoying the soft flesh of her silky smooth ass. moving his oiled hands slowly, his fingers were sliding between her cheeks every now and again. Suzi never objected and rocked back against his hands, smiling at me, as she asked the young guy to oil her legs. He squirted oil on her legs, knelt down behind her and began to rub the lotion in to her taut long legs. She arched her back and opened her legs slightly as he began to massage the oil into her legs starting at her ankles and slowly working his way upward.
Thankfully we were at the far end of the pool area with no other patrons nearby. His hands massaged the full length of her legs and when he reached her inner thigh, Suzi sighed softly. I noticed his fingers slip between her ass cheeks once more as he smoothed the lotion in to the back of her thighs. His hands ran up her inner thighs and his fingertips must have made contact with her labia, due to her bikini bottoms being pulled up so tight, that her pussylips must be on the verge of being displayed. He was kneeling down performing his task, when Suzi straightened up and turned around to face him with her smooth golden covered pussy directly in his face.
She was so close to his face that he must have been able to smell her musky scent. She sat on the edge of her sun lounger and asked him to do the front of her legs. She parted her legs, stretching them wide as he eased himself between her long sexy legs. He squirted oil on the fronts of her legs and massaged the lotion in very slowly. Her shins were glistening with the layer of oil smoothed into her flesh. Enjoying his work, I noticed when he got to my wife's thighs, his fingers were almost sliding beneath the front of her extremely tight bikini bottoms. She had pulled the bikini bottoms in tight deliberately, so the outline of her slit was evident. The guy was staring at her camel toe slit, looking very flustered. I was now laying back pretending I was sleeping, but watching the antics beneath my dark sunglasses.
He squirted some lotion on her stomach as Suzi placed her arms behind herself and leant back, thrusting her huge tits forward and giving him better access to her stomach. He massaged the oil in to her taut stomach and narrow waist with the palms of his hands. His hand slid up and down her smooth skin, stopping just at the base of her breasts, enough to make them jiggle, then heading downward toward the top of her tiny bikini bottoms. The tips of his fingers slid underneath her bikini bottoms as he grazed the top of her hairless mound. Still feigning sleep, I lay perfectly still as he turned to look if I was watching. Convinced I was sleeping he turned back to Suzi who smiled and opened her legs very wide, making her shiny golden triangle tighten around her smooth slit. Suzi smiled at him playfully as she raised her ass off the sun lounger allowing him more access to her shaved cunt. His hand slid further down inside her bikini bottom and I could make out his finger sliding between her slit. Suzi moaned approvingly as his finger stroked her opening. He turned his head to see if I was paying attention.
Still faking my slumber, he turned back to Suzi, who was slowly riding his invading finger. Suzi smiled and nodded down at her huge breasts. He removed his hand from inside her tiny bikini bottoms and picked up the oil once more. Suzi thrust her breasts forward as he brazenly squirted the oil on her pendulous breasts. He smiled at Suzi and began to massage the oil into the top part of her breasts. Her head was thrown back as she delighted in his sensual oil massage. Next he moved the palm of his hands to Suzi's side boob and began to push her breasts together as he massaged her magnificent orbs. The palms of his hands then began to squeeze Suzi's breasts as she sat back thrusting her pierced nippled breasts at him, smiling seductively. His left hand smoothed over her golden covered nipple while his right hand went back inside her bikini bottoms.
I saw Suzi squirm with delight as a smile spread across his face. She raised her ass of the sun lounger once more as he began to gently finger my wife. I could hear her pussy squelching as his finger pleasured her as hand aroused her nipple. He glanced down at me and Suzi reassured him.
"He'll be asleep for hours now!"
Still holding Suzi's breasts, he whispered something in her ear. Suzi nodded in agreement and gently brushed her lips against his. The young guy gave her tits one last rub, then dived into the pool.
He swam to the shallow end and raised his torso out of the water. He was coffee coloured with a chiseled physique and he had obviously aroused Suzi. Rubbing oil in to my Stripper slut wife had aroused them both and me if the truth be told.
"Think I'll have a little swim" Suzi smiled looking down at me.
I continued with my pretence of sleeping.
Suzi smiled then walked over to the edge of the pool, her high heeled mules clicking on the stone surface of the surrounding pool area. Glistening with oil she looked incredibly sexy as the sun beat down on her smooth tanned skin.
Suzi was now standing by the side of the pool adjusting the tie strings of her shiny gold bikini, to emphasise her best features.
The bikini was working overtime trying to keep her huge pierced nippled breasts inside the tiny shiny triangles, which her full breasts were exposed with only her nipples covered. She adjusted her large firm breasts, smiling and staring at the young guy standing in the shallow end. She adjusted her tight shiny thong bikini bottoms, ensuring the back was pulled high between her ass cheeks, as the tiny triangle covering her shaved mound pulled tight against her shaved slit. The shape of her shaved smooth slit was revealed as a golden smooth shiny camel toe. I watched as Suzi smiled at the young guy, brushing imaginary particles from her smooth mound. You could see his chest heaving as he stared at Suzi's little erotic tease.
She slipped her feet out of her high heeled mules and climbed down the steps into the cool water of the pool. Her nipples became even more erect as the cool water made it's effect known. She smiled at the guy as she made her way to the halfway point of the pool. Her smooth tanned ass cheeks were still out of the water, providing a most erotic view as the cool water cascaded over her smooth glistening tanned buttocks.
She waded a little further until the water was up to her narrow waist and slowly made her way over to the edge. Stretching her arms out along the ridge, she bobbed slowly up and down. Her amazing breasts were floating delectably, enhanced by the glistening from the water flowing over her magnificent orbs, as the young guy moved towards her.
I was lying on my side on the sun lounger with my dark glasses hiding my prying eyes, still feigning sleep. Suzi smiled at the guy as he said something to her. She nodded, still smiling and pointed in my direction. I lay as still as a corpse, faking sleep to see how far things would go.
The young guy smiled and said something else, which made Suzi giggle. She stroked his rather large bicep and bit her bottom lip, a sure sign she was sexually excited. He moved closer to Suzi as she continued to bob up and down, displaying her huge breasts covered only by the tiny golden triangles. He said something else to Suzi which made her smile and nod her head.
He took one more step forward and now they were chest to chest in the water. I could see Suzi's breasts rub against his broad chest as she placed one hand on his shoulder. Her side boob looked outstanding as her large breasts pushed into his smooth firm muscular chest. He put his hands below the water surface and Suzi giggled. I noticed her red painted toes of both feet, bob out of the water behind his back.
He must have been holding her waist as her legs were open and almost wrapping themselves around him. His shoulders began to move slowly and I wondered if that was from the movement of the water or was there some other reason. It looked like Suzi was pulling him closer to herself as they now looked very close indeed. Suzi smiled a very wicked smile then her head threw back with her mouth open.
I recognised this look having seen it on many occasions. Something was touching her pussy. Suzi's other hand rested on his shoulder and it looked as though her body was moving slowly in the water. Her hands moved off his broad shoulders and gently stroked the back of his neck. He whispered something to her, then they both looked over at me. I kept up the pretence that I was sleeping.
She smiled at the young guy and pulled his face toward hers. She kissed him softly open mouthed. I could see both of their tongues snaking around each other's. Suzi began rocking gently with a lusty smile on her face as the young guys shoulders continued moving. Either he was fingering my wife or they were actually fucking.
Suzi bobbed up a fraction revealing that her bikini top was pulled aside and her pierced nipples were exposed and available. The young guy smiled as he saw those magnificent firm orbs. His hands cupped the huge breasts and began to stroke the hard pierced nipples. Suzi tongue kissed him again then whispered something in his ear. Suzi's mouth was open breathing in to his ear. The look of sheer pleasure as she clung on tightly to his body as they both gently rocked back and forth in the pool.
He was most definitely fucking my wife in the pool with patrons sunbathing all around the perimeter. To be truthful from the movements it was Suzi who was fucking him. No one else was in the water and the loud booming sound system kept any of Suzi's erotic moaning inaudible. Thankfully no one seemed to be looking in the pool at Suzi's outdoor sex show. The movement slowed somewhat and I assumed that Suzi had just enjoyed a very pleasurable alfresco orgasm.
She lifted her body upward slightly, revealing her exposed breasts and smiled at the young guy saying something quietly to him. His hands went back below the surface as I saw Suzi's head tilt back as she began to bite her bottom lip gently. Her eyes rolled with lust as she smiled approvingly at whatever he was doing. He pushed her against the wall of the pool as her knees peeped above the surface. She kissed him deeply and I could see she was moaning into his mouth. I couldn't be sure, but from the tense look of desire on her face and the position of knees, I would swear blind he was fucking her ass.
Just recently she has enjoyed the sensations from a good ass fucking. She was never a big fan of anal sex, but since her conversion to the slut life she has become somewhat addicted to giving her ass to her lover. She held his head as she kissed him deeply. Breaking the kiss she spoke to him and smiled. He nodded his head in approval to whatever she had said. They unhooked their bodies as he waded toward the shallow end. His torso was out of the water, showing a coffee skinned adonis. His six pack, strong pecs and huge biceps were on display. His body along with the prominent bulge in his swim shorts, I could see why Suzi was attracted to the young guy. He climbed out of the pool, grabbed his towel and made his way over toward the reception.
Suzi waded her way to the steps of the pool. Her bikini top was somewhat displaced from the obvious manhandling from the young guy. Before she climbed the steps, she adjusted her bikini top and bottoms then climbed the steps. The water cascaded off her erotic curves like a sexual fantasy. Slipping her feminine feet into her high heeled mules she walked over to my sun lounge.She leant over my sun lounger creating a shade from the sun. She moved her soft lips to my ears and whispered.
"I know you were watching that and it really turned me on. He eased my thong to one side and easily slipped his huge cock in my shaved pussy giving me a delicious orgasm, then as a little treat, I told him to slip his cock up my ass. I'm taking him to our room to fuck him properly. I've told him I'm a Stripper and I'll put some stockings or boots on and will do a little dance for him. He wants to come on my tits! I'll let him fuck my pussy and ass then I'll be down in an hour with his come on my tits!"
She rolled the tip of her tongue in my ear and licked my aural cavity.
"Don't come up honey as I don't think he will last too long!" She giggled "Plus it will be very naughty me cheating on you with a huge young cock!"
She smiled taking the room key and turned walking toward the reception where she would meet her new lover. Her hips swayed as she walked past the other guests. One or two male heads turned to watch her sexy frame glide toward the reception.
I lay at the pool for a good hour and a half, whilst my hot Stripper slut wife was being fucked by some young beach body type. I could picture her moaning and riding his cock, speaking the most profound dirty talk imaginable, giving this young the fuck of a lifetime. I knew full well that her shaved pussy and tight asshole would be getting his length eased inside them as she had already notified me that his young had already been introduced to those two wonderful tight holes.
I was becoming way too excited at the thought of my wife cheating on me mixed with the heat from the hot sun. I heard the familiar sound of Suzi's high heels clip clopping across the stone surface. She sat on the sun lounger next me, thrusting her large breasts forward. I could see the thick globules of spunk across her huge firm breasts and down between her deep cleavage. She'd actually walked through reception with the young guys spunk all over her eye catching breasts, which was clearly visible due to her deep tan. She leant over me as her breasts rubbed in to my chest. She was giggling girlishly as the young guys spunk was being rubbed in to my chest via my wife's wonderful breasts. She leant closer to kiss me and the distinct smell of cock and spunk was on my wife's breath.
"So you had a good time?" I asked inquisitively.
"Come upstairs and fuck me!" She purred.
Picking up our belongings we walked back to our room through the reception, both of us wearing some young guys come on our chests.
We reached our room and entered hurriedly. Sliding my swimming shorts off, I lay on the bed as Suzi kicked of her mules and stepped into a pair of black thigh length PVC boots at the side of the bed. She climbed on the bed wearing her bikini and boots, Straddling my thighs she untied her bikini bottoms, revealing her pink fucked pussy. She eased her hot pussy on my cock and let out a delicious little moan.
"Tell me what he did first!" I smiled as she began to rub his spunk in to my chest, like is was tanning oil.
"First I put my black PVC Thigh length boots on, then I did a little striptease for him and straddled him in the chair, me naked except for my boots. He fucked my ass and pussy twice. He gave me dozens of orgasms with his huge young hard cock, or so it felt. At one point I sucked his cock upside down as he held me with my booted legs open. He held my waist as he tongued my pussy and asshole. He came in my ass the first time, but when he fucked me the second time, he came all over my tits. I've never seen so much spunk come out of one cock! I licked his cock clean then came down to show you the evidence!" She smiled then ran her tongue along my lips.
"Sounds like you had fun!" I grinned.
"I'm going to fuck him again tomorrow, we'll go through the same scenario as we did today, him rubbing oil on me, then fucking me in the pool, as you pretend to sleep again, but I want him to come inside me in the pool, then I'll take him to the room and fuck him again! But this time I want all of his spunk on my face! Shall I come down to the pool afterwards wearing his spunk on my face?"