Standard disclosure: all fictional characters, all over 18. This is a personally produced work. Any questions, contact the author. Enjoy.
*****
I awoke the next morning, slowly remembering the events of the night before. I found it strange that I didn't really consider any of it to be weird. Unexpected sure, but still not really wrong. It was, right. It was, natural. Soon enough though, I emerged from the tent, where I had found myself alone, to see Jade cooking us breakfast. She did an amazing job of bacon and eggs with a campfire and frying pan, and we went through the first hour of the morning sitting around, eating and chatting just as we would have a month earlier, before any of these events had ever happened. She seemed to be taking things in stride even better than I was.
Ben had already left to go down to wherever his fishing spot was before the sun had even come up. It was still early, maybe 9 AM, and Jade was anxious to head down to the beach at the lake and just get some relaxing and tanning in. Relaxing sounded great to me, and soon we were on our way. It was only a few minutes walk to the beach, to what Jade told me was a semi-secluded area. Not really a spot where many people hung out, but the occasional few people wandered past. As I was still wearing my one and only outfit for the trip, I felt pretty relieved that it wasn't going to be a crowded area.
Before long, we were spreading out our towels on the soft sand and laying down to enjoy the sun. This, of course, wouldn't be a story worth telling if it ended there. Before I really got settled in, Jade had remembered what I didn't even think of and had her suntan lotion out. She didn't even so much as ask before her hands were spreading it across my shoulders. She knelt next to me as I laid on my back, rubbing it into my arms, down my sides, and across my firm stomach. I tried to roll over a little to give her better access, but Jade kept gently pushing me back down and into place. "Shhh...just stay right there..." she quietly said as she rubbed in the lotion. "Do you trust me?" I was a little nervous about what she meant, but I nodded yes.
"Good. Now, there's absolutely nobody else out here, but there's still a few spots on you I can't reach yet." As she finished saying that, she quickly pulled on the string holding my top together before I could react, and my breasts were uncovered right there on the beach. I could only see a short way around us from my position, but there wasn't anyone in sight, so within a few seconds I was starting to relax again as she spread the lotion across my breasts and massaged it in. I began breathing heavily as her hands caressed me in a way that was more than just for sunscreen. She rolled her thumbs across my nipples as she went, despite the hot sun they were at attention in no time. Unfortunately, in true Jade teasing style, right as I started to relax and enjoy it, she stopped.
"Uh, uh," Jade started just as I opened my mouth, "there's still more of this beautiful body to cover before you get burned." She continued her way down my body, rubbing lotion into my legs slowly, her touch was nice enough that I didn't even care that my tits were still out. After all, we were alone and this was far from the craziest thing she had done lately. She worked her way up the inside of my legs, slowly, definitely teasing me as she went. Eventually, she came right up to the material of my bikini bottom, started to gently lift the material away from me...and stopped.
"Ok, now you're covered nicely." she said. I was stunned, I didn't expect her to stop just like that. But before I could come up with something to say to object, she began lotioning her own body up, and I just stopped and stared. Her beautiful body glistened as her hands rubbed the lotion into her skin, she must have been intentionally putting on a show, as she leaned back and slowly rubbed herself down with long slow strokes.
She was laying flat on her back now, and made a point of sliding her hands under her own swimsuit top to rub her firm breasts, she was certainly doing more than needed, with the way she was squeezing them again and again. Jade's eyes were closed, her head was back, and she only stopped to bring her hands down her body. There was no pretence now, she was clearly trying to put on a show, as she slowly pulled the tiny fabric covering her pussy to the side, and started to tease her clit with one finger, legs spread wide.
I suddenly remembered that we were on a semi-public beach, and quickly looked around, but there was still nobody in sight. A low moan from Jade brought my attention back to her. She was moving faster now, and now opened her eyes to see me staring. A little smile crossed her lips, and she asked, "Like what you see?" I nodded back, of course I did! "Well, that's just too bad, you've got another full day, and a little tomorrow, to get some of this, right now we're here to get some sun." With that, she pulled her clothing back into place, still smiling. "Oh, and you might want to put your top back on too, before any other campers wander by." Shit, I was so preoccupied that I didn't even realize I was still basically topless. The woman was hypnotizing! I quickly re-tied my top and laid back down next to Jade, almost forgetting about her teasing after realizing my clothing issue.
We laid there actually just talking about normal things for a while, like we had always done before all this started, just laying on our backs with our heads turned to one another. The feeling of the beach, wind, sun, were all very comfortable, and I was just getting good and relaxed. Suddenly Jade interrupted what I was saying with a low, but firm voice, "Shhhh...quiet, lay your head back and close your eyes. Now!" It took me a second to process this, but I did, wondering what was going on. Jade continued talking, but quietly and a little distorted, which I figured was her trying to not move her lips and talk.
"There's two guys coming down the beach, they're not too far away. Just ordinary guys, nineteen, twenty or so. We're sleeping, got it?" I mumbled back a "mmm-hmm." and held still, I could hear the two guys talking to each other as they got closer. They must have been engrossed in their conversation and didn't notice us immediately. As they got closer though, I could hear their voices drop, and it was clear that one was pointing us out. The sound of their footsteps on the beach noticeably slowed as they passed, we didn't move a muscle, but I could tell that they were trying to get a good look without "waking" us.
We laid there, technically covered up, but really on display for these two guys. It seemed like forever, but must have only been an extra few seconds while they slowed down and passed. I could imagine the thoughts they must have been having as they checked us out. I can't deny that it was exciting to think of them getting a good long look at our nearly naked bodies as they passed. Soon enough though, they moved on, and I heard Jade turn back to me, I opened my eyes to see a big smile on her face. "Good girl," she said, "you know you turned those guys on, right? What's the point of having a body like that if you don't show it off a little now and then?" I just blushed in reply. "We'll just keep doing that whenever someone passes, okay?" I mumbled out a quiet agreement, it was fun, harmless, and I did enjoy seeing the excitement on Jade's face.
We kept talking again, just like before, and soon enough we got the chance to repeat the experience a few times, each time was almost an exact copy of the first, a guy or two, and the occasional girl, slowing down, almost certainly taking a long look, and moving along, all the while Jade and I pretended we were napping in the sun. Eventually however, Jade decided to make it more interesting. Once the latest couple guys had left, she slid closer to me and gave me a quick, but hard kiss. I was surprised enough that I barely realized she had pulled the string on my bikini top again, as I started to object, she told me to lie back down on my stomach. I did, and she pulled the top completely out from under me. Now, I was laying on my stomach, and with the soft sand underneath me, my tits were still basically completely hidden, but it was blatantly obvious that I was topless on the beach!
Jade did nearly the same. Her top opened at the back, and she unsnapped it and laid down herself, leaving her magnificent breasts hidden in the same way mine were. She looked over at me though, and said I looked too "tense" and "unnatural". I sure as hell was, but she pulled my arms into a slightly more relaxed and open position. But then she looked down at my legs and decided they weren't any better. She brought her hand down to the inside of my thighs and slowly pushed each leg outwards. I wasn't quite spread out but neither was I really hiding much of anything anymore. Satisfied now, Jade got back down to more or less the same position.
Now I was getting a little more...what? Nervous? Excited? I still don't know. All I'm sure of is that I was obeying Jade with no hesitation. My heart was racing about being exposed just to the point of still being "decent". Jade, however, didn't seem to have a care in the world so I tried to relax and rely on her. Now the beach seemed deserted for the longest time. The way we were facing, only Jade had any kind of view as to anyone coming our way. It was probably a good half-hour of waiting before she gave me a heads up that there were more people coming, "Oooohh...pay attention, this is a good one.", she whispered.
I assumed I was supposed to be "awake" for this one, so I turned my head and saw that she was right. There was two beautiful young women walking towards us, a tall slender girl with long red hair wearing a tank top and shorts, and a shorter blonde girl, also wearing shorts, but with a fantastic rack in a bikini top not much different from what Jade and I wore, the only difference was that her breasts were clearly larger than Jade's and my own nicely shaped ones. I've never been jealous of huge breasts as mine are plenty large enough and have received quite a few compliments, but hers were certainly interesting enough to warrant a long look.
The two girls were talking, giggling, and holding hands as they came towards us. To be it appeared to be more than just friends, or at least the same level of "friends" that Jade and I were. They eventually looked up to see us not very far away, and giggled and whispered to each other more. I thought they were walking right past us, but stopped no more than ten feet after passing, and laid out their own beach towels from a bag the redhead was carrying. The two of them sat down and kept talking, but very quietly, all I could make out was a playful tone. Besides taking a quick look at us, they didn't actually acknowledge us at all, except for the fact that they set up right beside us when there was a good mile of unoccupied beach to use.
We laid there for about half an hour without anything important happening. Our neighbors settled down on their sides facing each other, and Jade and I slowly started chatting again. Soon though, I noticed over Jade's shoulder that our two visitors had quieted down, and I realized it was because they were making out. Guess that answered the question of what kind of friends they were. The blonde was on her stomach, leaned over the redhead as she lay on her back. Before much longer, we watched as the blonde ran her hands up and under the redhead's tank top, obviously starting to rub her tits as they kissed.
They had our full attention now, Jade inched herself over on her stomach and turned to be right beside me, then gently turned my head and started kissing me as well. I was surprised but kissed her back. Soon I realized that Jade still had part of her attention on the other couple as well. At first I was a little annoyed at that, but then I understood what she was doing when the blonde girl slowly raised the redhead's tank top up and up, eventually revealing a pair of small but nicely shaped tits, with tiny pink nipples that she began to lightly tease and pinch. That's when I figured out that they were intentionally putting on a show and Jade had no intention of being upstaged.
She began to kiss me along my neck and up my shoulder, slowly raising her body as she did so. Now, her tits were no longer hidden from facing down into the sand, but swaying gently and visible as she kissed me. I looked around quickly and noticed that there was still nobody else in sight. Jade whispered in my ear, "We're not going to let them win, are we?" In response, I raised myself to my hands and knees and kissed her back even deeper. Her mouth opened for my swirling tongue, answering her question as both of us now had our firm tits exposed.
The other girls hadn't yet stopped though. The blonde seemed to be the more dominant of the two as she reached back and unsnapped her own top, letting her magnificent breasts free. She had the redhead's top completely pushed up around her neck as their hands ran wild over each other's bodies. Jade broke our kiss and stopped for a long look at the two of them. She slowly turned back to me with a hungry look in her eyes, an unspoken question on her face. I stared directly back, smiled, and slowly nodded.
Before I knew it, Jade's assertiveness had taken over and she flipped me over and onto my back. She knelt beside me and leaned down to kiss down my body until her nimble tongue was flicking my nipples. I gasped, nearly forgetting our neighbors, and arched my back in response. After a minute or two of this, I looked over to see the blonde girl dip her hand inside the redhead's shorts. From her moans, it was clear that the blonde was rubbing her clit, and doing it quite well. I realized that Jade had left herself in the perfect spot for me to make the next move.
She was straddling my arm while it was at my side, and without looking, I was able to guide Jade's tiny bikini bottom to the side. I could already tell how dripping wet Jade was, but then I should have guessed that she would be the type to like a show like this. Her kinkiness became more evident every day, and I had to admit it was slowly rubbing off on me. I looked right at her as I slid two fingers deep inside her with no resistance whatsoever. Her pussy was far too wet to slow me down. She let out a long moan and began to grind herself back down onto my hand. My fingers plunged in and out of her faster and faster. Now I saw both the other girls staring back at us. The redheaded girl started to push the blonde's bikini bottom to the side as well, but now she was resisting, pushing the redhead's hand gently away and rubbing her clit faster in return. Apparently she didn't want to show herself off any further but didn't mind exposing the redhead.
Jade was sat right up now, still lowering herself onto my fingers again and again, but she now noticed the reluctance on the part of the other couple to go any further in our little game. She looked back at me and in between gasps, asked me in her sultry voice, "Do you want to win this?"
I responded exactly the way she had been telling me to for the whole weekend, "Jade, I'll do anything you want..."
"Fuck, you are so my perfect girl!" she answered, reluctantly raising herself off my hand. She moved between my legs, turning me so that my head was pointed towards the other girls. She looked straight at them while she slowly pulled the strings on my bikini bottom, the material fell aside, exposing my shaved pussy to all three girls. Still staring them down, Jade slowly sank down and gave me a long slow lick right across my wet pussy. I moaned the loudest that any of us had the entire time and she took that as her cue. Suddenly her mouth was wild on my pussy, licking, sucking at my clit, she wasn't holding back anything and I was too overwhelmed to think straight. I no longer cared about our audience, I just laid back and waited for the orgasm that was fast approaching.
Through my rising sensations, I managed to hear "I think they win."
"Yeah, they sure did. Well, I guess congratulations are in order..." My eyes were closed at this point, just enjoying Jade's mouth doing what she does best, but they snapped open as I felt a pair of mouths descend on my nipples. Each of them had taken one and were licking away quickly. I started to say...I don't know what...but one of them lightly bit down, and that combined with Jade's mouth completely pushed me over the top.
"Oh fuck, fuck...yes!", I screamed out as I came. My whole body shook as the orgasm hit me. I quivered and moaned, not caring anymore who was around. I was far too worked up. As Jade slowed down and I came back to awareness, my eyes focused enough to see all three girls smiling down at me. I started to sit back up, we were still "alone" but now I felt self-conscious enough to try to get my swimsuit back on. I got the bottom tied back on and was working on the top when the redhead swooped in and gave me a quick kiss. She pulled away quickly with a smile, and I saw the blonde doing the same with Jade, but taking a longer kiss for herself.
"Mmmm...tastes good...", the blonde said when she pulled away. Jade smiled and nodded to that. I just blushed while I finished adjusting my swimsuit. By the time I was done, the girls had packed up their stuff and were heading away, but not before adding a last, "See you again soon...maybe..."
We gathered up our own things, we had been out for hours at this point, and with the exhilaration of the day, I wanted to get back to our campsite and have a glass of wine. I said so to Jade, she agreed and we practically hurried back. The instant we were sat back down and had our drinks in hand, Jade asked exactly what I expected, "So, you're okay with all that, right?"
I knew this was coming, and my response was already prepared. "Jade, of course I am. I never would have pictured anything like this weekend in my life. It's been crazy, but it's been exciting, it's been fun. As long as you're with me, I'm as happy as can be." I smiled and moved to her for a long, slow kiss to drive the point home.
All I could think about the situation was that, I was nervous about what would happen, but there was never a hint of thought about disobeying Jade. I did everything she said, and my brain...my brain didn't even have a day. She speaks, I obey. And...and...I think, fuck. I think if Ben speaks, I obey.
She held the kiss for a long time, and when she finally pulled away, told me, "You should really finish your drink, it's been a crazy day and the weekend's only half over. We wouldn't want to overwhelm you too much." She grinned wide as she finished. I smiled back, and without sitting back down, finished my wine in one long drink.
"Ok, I'm good. Now come here." I laughed and grabbed her wrist, pulling her out of her camp chair and towards our tent. She came inside with me and I practically threw her down. I had her bikini off within seconds, and was about to lie down between her long legs when she spoke up.
"Wait...you know that Ben's going to be back anytime now, right?"
"Hmmm...you're right. Change of plans then." I answered, pulling all the strings on my own bikini. Jade was lying on her back, with her head right at the entrance to the tent. The tent was big enough that I could sit up or kneel down without hitting my head on the top, Jade's position had given me a great idea to remind everyone that I wasn't without my own dirty thoughts. I quickly straddled her face and lowered my pussy down onto her mouth, my kneeling naked body facing the closed tent flap.
"You just get to work down there babe," I said, "If he shows up, I'll be here to greet him."
*****
Author's note: Four chapters left to go! Thank you everyone for your support, and be sure to vote! Preferably the full five stars if you enjoy the series. :)