I arrived at the building around 7:00 PM. A typical medical office building in a typical office park. The only thing not typical was the parking lot. Except for a few scattered cars for those working late it was empty. Office lights were on here and there, but the parking lot was well lit and seemed not dangerous. It was obvious that most had gone home and the suite of building I was to visit was obviously only inhabited by one person that night. She was a therapist I had looked up online. She was safely outside of my neighborhood and cheap enough so as not to arouse suspicion.
I had made an appt because it was becoming apparent to me that I was addicted to porn. Like many my wife and I enjoyed a good story or a couple good videos which allowed us to tap into certain fantasies but recently I looked forward to her working late so I could watch more or get up early on a weekend to do extra reading. It wasn't out of control yet, but I knew my limits so with my wife working late I sought out this counselor.
I walked up the door and it was of course locked, but I rang the bell and a pleasant female voice asked for my name and I was buzzed in and entered the second suite on the right. There was no one at the window but a sign noted to fill out the form on the table and place inside the window slot along with modest payment for services.
I filled everything out as asked and waited and I saw a female form pick up the paperwork and a few minutes later the door opened, and I was let into her office. She introduced herself as Carla. When I referred to her as doctor, she gently corrected me. "No, I am not a doctor, at least not a doctor in that sense, I am a counselor. But let's talk."
We proceeded to sit in the office which had a nice desk and two comfy looking chairs. Carla informed me she rented this from the Doctor who leased this space. She only worked evenings and after hours as the usual doctor was here during the day. She was only allowed in the waiting area and inner office consultation room which was this inner office due to HIPPA regulations.
"So" she fixed me with her brown eyes, "What is making you seek me out."
Looking back at her I was stunned by her beauty, she was easily as old as I was, but carried herself with immense confidence, and a certain gentleness.
"Well, um, I, uh am a bit uncomfortable talking about it I guess."
She gave me a comforting smile "That's okay. That's why we are here. This is a safe space; we can talk about anything and nothing is off limits or taboo or judged and nothing will ever leave this space. I know you wrote it on here, but being able to say things and talk about them is the first step."
I inhaled deeply but my voice came out a whisper "I think I am addicted to porn."
Again, her soulful eyes looked back at me. She crossed her shapely legs which were clad in a modest, tan professional skirt. "There we go, outstanding! Let's talk about why you think this."
Slightly emboldened by my admission, I spoke but it still came out quiet. "I don't know, my wife and I have always watched porn and read sexy stories together, but lately I find myself searching this out in my free time when she is not home. Sometimes I even think about it while I am at work."
"Hmmm" she mulled over my words "Has it impacted or replaced intimacy with your wife?"
"No" I was able to reply, "But I am afraid someday it might. I mean I make sure to stop before..." I couldn't continue to look her in the eye and finish the sentence.
"Before what" she asked after a polite minute, determined to make me say the words.
"Before I cum. "I said "At least I try not to, and when we are together watching anything goes, but she is working later one night a week and sometimes it helps to pass the time."
"Okay" she sat back her back arching, causing me to steal a look at her ample chest. "What kind of porn do you watch?" l looked down. "You seem a bit ashamed of it. Remember there is no shame here, and no issues. Is it some sort of forbidden thing?"
"No, I don't think so anyway. We watch some straight porn and some lesbian stuff." I quickly spoke up to amend "I don't think, I mean believe, um she is not lesbian."
She raised her hand. "Not at all. Whereas it is very uncommon for straight men to enjoy gay porn, women can watch lesbian porn and be aroused, there are studies about it, but we are here to talk about you. Is that it? It doesn't appear you are getting anything from the porn that you aren't getting at home."
"Well, um" I said feeling somewhat better "We also enjoy CFNM porn.
Her eyes blinked in surprise. "Clothed Female, Naked Male? Is this something you enjoy? I mean is this something you engage in with your wife?"
Again, I found myself stammering. "No, Yes, I mean we tend to take the time to be nude around our house quite a lot and still have sex, but we both enjoy the idea of one being naked while the other is clothed. So, we do this, but I also enjoy watching it on my own. I guess I have an exhibitionist side as now that I think of it I may initiate this more than her."
"Initiate watching this type of porn together?" She looked confused.
"Um no, I mean we both initiate watching porn together when we do and she enjoys this also, I meant the sexual part." I almost began stammering and I'm sure my face was bright red.
Carla got up at this point and walked to the water cooler and got a cup of water and handed it to me. "Just relax, we are getting somewhere." I drank the liquid and calmed down. "Tell me more."
I inhaled "Well there is something I guess about giving up control or just having fun with it, I don't know." I trailed off.
"Is there pain involved?"
"Come again."
"You know, whips, chains, spankings." She smiled "Just trying to calm you down. Do you two engage in spankings or anything?"
"Oh no, I mean we might spank a bottom or use or little play whip, but you would have to hunt to find even the slightest bit of a pain."
"I see. Is it all sex?"
I thought for a moment "Well it is not uncommon for us to be naked a lot, but sometimes one of us will be naked and the other not. But it is not uncommon for one of the other to suggest it. And she does it too, but I suppose I am naked more. She likes the intimacy of it."
"Hmmm, do you feel it is more intimate? Do you feel more exposed?"
When she said "exposed" I felt my cock twitch. "yes." I looked down.
She paused for a moment"This might be unconventional, but would you prefer to be naked now? You seem to spend much of your time that way and it is more intimate, maybe we can get to the bottom of this."
Was I dreaming this? Was "bottom" a pun? Either way in a daze I nodded my head.
She sat back and crossed her legs and smiled. "Should I look away, or does being watched heighten your, intimacy?"
"Please stay" I was able to get out in a whisper.
"Fine" she said. I looked at her in a daze wondering if I was imagining this, but were the top three buttons of her tight white shirt unbuttoned all this time? "Take your time and do whatever you are comfortable with."
I seemed to be moving in slow motion but peeled off my loose t-shirt, kicked off my sneakers and socks and undid the drawstring lowering my sweatpants down, then off, standing before her in pair of boxer briefs with an amazingly hard erection straining at the material.
"Is that better?" she asked kindly. "Remember this is all about your comfort and getting to know you."
I blushed a million shades of red "No" I said, and she raised an eyebrow "I mean I am uncomfortable, but I think I really need to do this" and I grabbed my waistband and yanked down quickly before I lost courage to do so and stood before Carla naked.
She smiled again, taking a quick look at my hard cock before standing up and walking to the cabinet and grabbing a hand towel from small cabinet. "Please sit on this, no bare butts on the doctor's chairs." She laughed and even in my embarrassed state I too let out a small laugh.
She looked at me for a moment "Is this how you are dressed when you look at the porn alone? Or are you fully dressed with a hand clicking on the mouse and the other down your pants?" I looked up sort of shocked at the bluntness of the question. "Sorry but different circumstances demand different attire."
I looked back "We live alone and, as I said, we spend time nude so I would be naked."
"Great!" She said "I have an idea and typed on her laptop shutting down pages and handing it to me. "Find one of these videos for me. Do you have a favorite one?"
I hesitantly grabbed the laptop and after fumbling about found one of my favorites. She moved her chair closer and sat near me. "Let's watch." she said putting a comforting hand on my thigh "I want to see what you are watching."
She watched intently as a fully clothed female engaged with a naked male. Cock sucking, pussy licking. She administers a light spanking and demands more pussy worship, finally in the final minute she whips off her top revealing huge boobs, she has him jerk off and licks him until he unloads on her mouth and tits. "Wow!" she said. a bit flushed. she looked at me as I had been absent mindedly stroking, my cock which had a little dribble of precum, and I instantly froze. She laughed "Wow" she said again "looks like you enjoyed yourself." She walked over to the desk and walked back with a handful of tissues. "So, you like your CFNM with female skin?"
Sitting there with a hard cock and a precum streaked hand I could only nod and eek out a quiet "yes."
"That is common believe it or not. I think I have some ideas, but you seem to be in a state. Would you like some privacy to perhaps" she glanced at my cock "to calm down shall we say."
I summoned all my courage "Um well you are still, um dressed, would you consider..."
She rearranged herself in her chair and faced me. "Of course.
She played with the button on her shirt, and shifted in her skirt "Cmon, let me see you do it. Look at me fully dressed and you without stitch on. Wouldn't you love to see these titties or this pussy?" she touched both through her clothing. She hiked up her skirt showing off a short, trimmed patch of hair and no panties which shocked me before tugging the skirt back down. "Is this how your fantasy goes? Do you want to cum for me? I don't know if naked boys get to see their counselors naked, that seems so wrong, so naughty, doesn't it? My cock was twitching, and she smirked. "Oh, so you are a naughty boy who watched porn when his wife isn't around and now you are playing with yourself in front of a counselor. So So naughty."
I moaned and began stroking faster with precum drooling out. She hiked her skirt again and unbuttoned her shirt along her lacy blue bra to peek out. She lifted one of her breasts out and flicked the nipple and hoisted it to her mouth for a quick kiss.
"Cmon naughty boy, let's see that cum". I stroked faster and she jumped up just in time to hold a wad of tissues in front of my cock to catch my cum. "There you go, look at all that." I sat back and she laughed, "Thank God I caught that, the Dr. would never let me back with cum stains on the rug." she paused slightly "feeling better?' She asked.
"Yes" I gasped. I did not add that I felt very exposed which happens occasionally after cumming. She sensed this.
"Stay naked" she said. "Here is what I am thinking." she said as she handed me more tissues as I self-consciously cleaned my hands and cock while she straightened her skirt and tucked her exposed boob back into her bra and buttoned her shirt. "I am thinking you don't really have a problem with porn, but with your wife's arrangement of working late and you ae reliving your favorite sexual fantasies simply to pass time."
"But" I countered crossing my leg and, after a half stern look, uncrossing them "I am watching more than usual. Especially tonight as this is the night, she sees her patients late."
"Okay, so here is my suggestion, let's start small, no private porn for a week and next week we meet again and discuss how it made you feel among other things. Does that sound good?"
"Sure, I guess" I said rather skeptically.
"Oh, and when you check in, lose the clothes. "As if reading my mind she added, "you are my only appt and no one can get in unless I buzz them in. I think the naked intimacy helps you."
"Okay" I nodded.
"Now please get dressed and walk me to my car." If you don't mind, the parking lot is a bit dark.
"I got up and she grazed against my bare ass as she gathered her items. Once dressed I walked her to her car and drove home to my still dark house. Minutes later my wife pulled in.
"Hi hon, how was your day" she called out.
"Good and you."
"Fine" she walked into the room pulling out her tight white shirt from her tan skirt. "Last patient was something else" she pulled me close for a kiss "I may need to stay late for a number of weeks to help him out."
"Really?"
"Oh yes, next week I plan on being much more hands on to help him out." as she pulled off her blue lacy bra as slouched on the couch and slid up her skirt. "I have some great ideas."