I consider myself a professional and "normal" woman. I just got married to my boyfriend of eight years (long time) and it's a great relationship.
However at the mall today something just came over me. The JC Penny has an unmonitored changing area which is where I ended up. A wife dragged her husband ahead of me with an enormous pile of clothes. I had just a few pieces. His face was one of utter defeat - he had at least 30 minutes of sitting ahead of him.
His wife took the big handicap changing room so I went into the one next to it. This happened to be across from where he sat down.
Tried the first outfit on, a skirt and my top. Then I went out of my stall to the 180 mirrors and took a look. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed him discreetly staring.
He was a relatively average looking guy, overweight and balding but not ugly by any means. I watched his eyes drift up my legs and that's when I got turned on.
I walked back to the stall, reached for the curtain...and half closed it. I could see him in the side mirror, but it wasn't obvious to him I could see him. He had a straight view into my stall.
His wife came out and he made some half hearted comment about her outfit. She went back in.
I don't know what came over me. I bent over to take my shoes off and felt the skirt raise all the way up until I knew half my ass was facing him.
I glanced at the mirror and saw him sit up straighter, jaw open.
Shoes off I stood back up and pulled my top off. I don't generally wear bras, so I stood there topless, my bare back to him. I made a big show of looking at my boobs in the mirror.
Fuck it.
I turned my whole body and kept looking over my shoulder like I was admiring my ass...while my boobs swung around towards him.
For the first time in eight years, outside of my doctor, another man was seeing my breasts. My heart was pounding. I needed to stop. But I couldn't.
I turned back and without thinking, dropped the skirt to my feet. I stood there in just a thong. I stretched and bent down again, my legs wide.
I came upright and looked in the mirror. We locked eyes. He gave me a silly thumbs up. I turned around to face him directly and shook my chest at him playfully. Then I closed the curtain and got dressed.
I felt high. Adrenaline raced through me.
I quickly walked out without looking at him and ran to my car. I took a moment to compose myself before driving home. It wasn't something I felt my husband needed to know...but I need that thrill again.
I checked literotica in my car and saw i had a dare...
"So here's the dare. You need to go the pet store and ask for a collar and a leash. And when they ask you about the dog and it's size and breed, you tell them it's for you. Bonus points for trying out a few of them."
- A user that asked to remain anonymous
I walked confidently into PetCo (one further into town, not the one I normally go to). I went back by the dog collars and looked at the rows and rows of options. I waited a few minutes until finally an employee showed up. Kind of short guy, on the younger side.
"Excuse me? Could you help me?" I asked.
He walked over.
Suddenly alllllllll of the nerves hit me.
"I'm looking for a dog collar." I said.
He looked at me, then looked at the hundreds of collars for a long beat.
"Okay?" He said, confused.
We stared at each other for a moment.
"Um. What kind of a dog do you have?" He finally asked.
I giggled nervously. I probably looked like a crazy person.
"It's for me." I said.
He stared at me for another long moment.
"Right, but what kind of dog do you have so I know the general size."
"No it's for me. I'm going to wear it." For a moment he looked like he was about to walk away. He definitely thought I was joking.
This wasn't going well.
"I mean, I know it'll need to be bigger I bet."
I walked towards the middle rows.
"Well, just try any of them on to start." He said smugly. At this point he must have thought this was all a game and didn't think I'd do it.
I grabbed the first collar, all pink, and quickly snapped it around my neck. It actually kind of fit. He looked at me shocked.
"How's this look?" I posed real quick like a dork, not helping my crazy person vibe.
"Umm. Thicker. You need a thicker one."
The guy said. Somehow that seemed sexual.
And for the next few minutes he helped me try on several collars until we settled on a thick, dark collar.
"Ok, now I need a leash." I said. I grabbed one off the end display, ignoring the looks of a guy walking in, and went back to the employee.
"Could you do the honors?" I said, handing him the leash. His hand was visibly shaking but he clipped it on.
I was standing in a pet store, dog collar around my neck and leash being held by an employee.
"Did you need to, like, try it out?" He asked.
"Good point." And before I knew what I was doing I was on all fours in the aisle, walking deeper into the store. I could feel his eyes on my ass as I crawled. The collar pulled tightly on me.
Finally I hopped up.
"This is perfect. I'll take the collar, thank you." I quickly unclipped the leash and walked up front to check out, leaving him standing there with the leash.
Dare - accomplished!
As I walked out I saw him standing with another employee whispering about me. I practically ran out the store.