Artistic Impressions Part 2
There is no penetration in this Part, but a good dose of eroticism. It sets the story up, hopefully, for a gratifying conclusion.
Chapter Three: The Sketch
Sandra did not know how she had ended up agreeing to pose for the sketch pad of her boss's employee. She consoled herself with the thought that at least Jeff was likeable and shy like herself.
Jeff arrived promptly at two o'clock. He had been waiting somewhere near outside for several minutes, to ensure that he could press the bell right on time. He was decidedly nervous at visiting his bosses' house and sketching his bosses' girlfriend. What if Frank took exception to his ogling her? His boss could be unpredictable at times and was very overbearing.
Sandra opened the door, wearing a navy-blue silk dressing gown. She looked very captivating with her olive complexion and dark hair contrasted with the dressing gown. His eyes were drawn instantly to the outline of her impressive bust. He had to force himself to appear to be examining her with an appraising eye, rather than a lusting stare.
She noticed his approving demeanour, but could not avoid a pang of embarrassment. She felt very underdressed. The gown was loosely tied and its collar spread outwards as she bent forward as he passed her in the doorway. It was deliberate: to let him see part of her bra, to inform him that she was not naked under the dressing gown.
He interpreted it quite differently, as deliberate provocation. His mood bucked up in anticipation.
As she walked ahead of him, she enjoyed the feel of the silk against her mostly exposed flesh within the garment. It draped elegantly over the curves of her breasts, belly and hips, and rubbed erogenously against her skin as she walked. These were new and pleasing sensations, which daunted her.
"We're going to do it in the lounge, with me sitting on an easy chair. Have you brought all you need?
Jeff nodded. He was bearing a large shoulder bag. He tapped it affectionately. "It's all in there."
Sandra led the way into the spacious room. Jeff followed, now constantly fixated on her wonderful bottom.
Frank was standing by a drinks' cabinet. He was feeling uneasy and didn't notice Jeff's stare. He endeavoured to be the magnanimous host, but his mind was plagued with the discussions he had had with Sandra.
"Come in, Jeff. Good of you to come. I think we'll all be a bit apprehensive to start with. How about a drink to settle you down? I'd recommend a brandy."
Jeff accepted gratefully. He was nervous about sketching his boss's girlfriend in her underwear. He still didn't quite understand how a chance conversation had ended up at this. Nor did he fully trust Frank to remain relaxed when Sandra disrobed. He was of course unaware of the couple's earlier costume try-out.
Sandra stood with her hands on her hips. "Excuse me, I'd like a brandy as well. I'm the one that's exposing myself." That little display of assertiveness helped to still her qualms a little.
Frank poured her a modest brandy and she drank it straight down. She pushed her glass towards him, demanding a top up.
Frank looked at her sharply, but obliged her anyway, then turned to practicalities.
"I suggest that Sandra sits in an armchair, where she can be comfortable."
Jeff looked at the chair and frowned. "But the side views of her will be blocked by its arms. There'll be little to sketch."
He looked around the room. White walls were hung with an array of pictures in gold-effect frames. The floor was cushioned by a deep pile light-buff coloured carpet. Against one wall in a corner, near a window overlooking the garden, was a '70s retro hanging chair of rattan lattice work. It was suspended from a slender, curved white steel arm. Its shape was globular and it had a white padded seat cushion. The large gaps between the wickerwork allowed the occupant be seen from all sides, and let in plenty of light all around the chair.
"What about the hanging chair. It would be perfect. What do you think Sandra?"
She stared at it, and an image came to mind of Twiggy, the sixties' supermodel, sitting in such a chair. Sandra's body was shapelier, but the pose appealed to her.
"I think that would do well."
Frank protested. He was concerned that Jeff would be seeing too much flesh; that was his privilege and rare at that. "But we decided on a pose in a proper chair."
She felt bold, willing to expose herself for a compelling display. Her stomach churned at the thought of Jeff getting an all-round view of her scantily clad figure. But she over-ruled Frank. "I'm the model. I say we use the cane chair. You can take your pictures whilst Jeff sets up his equipment."
Frank looked unhappy, but said nothing. He had been excited initially by the idea of getting Sandra into underwear, but after their sexy session this morning his desire had been satisfied. Now, he was beginning to feel jealous at the prospect of sharing a privileged view of her semi-naked body with the younger man.
"Good, that's settled," she asserted, oblivious to Frank's obvious disapproval.
The room was light and airy, so natural light would suffice. Frank went off sulkily to get his camera.
When he returned, Sandra took it from him. That was to remind him that the contents would be her property that day. Jeff had turned an armchair round to face the cane chair, and placed a coffee table beside it. He sat down.
"Are we ready?" she asked. Jeff thought her singularly velvety tone unusually seductive. A frisson of excitement rippled through him.
Frank was standing the other side of the coffee table. There was an air of anticipation in the room.
Sandra moved across to the suspended chair and paused. She stood with her back to them as she undid the belt of her dressing gown. She took her time to increase the suspense, knowing how they would both react when she disrobed. She turned her head as she let it fall to floor, to witness their respective reactions to her reveal. Frank had seen her in her underwear many times, of course. But Jeff had not.
Both men's eyes metaphorically popped out with surprise. But Frank was the more surprised. Gone were the panties, replaced by a white thong consisting at the rear of a 'T' of thin stringy straps, the vertical one of which disappeared between her shapely bottom cheeks. Her rear was practically naked, save for the two horizontal straps.
Jeff reacted differently. He had expected her for some reason to be clad in big knickers, as a protest against being forced to parade her body in front of a relative stranger. He was stunned by her revealing choice of garment. Her body looked slightly unbalanced with the wider back strap of the more substantial bra above the thin strings of the thong. But Jeff didn't mind that detail, for her body looked just perfect: encased in flowing lines from her high waist to her shapely thighs, and with no crease at the confluence of her cheeks with her upper leg.
She turned to face them, an anxious look on her face. This was her payback moment for Frank's boorishness, yet she trembled at putting her body on even this level of display.
It looked astonishingly sexy from the front too, in that lacy bra. It did not appear to be underwired, was semi-transparent, barely concealing her areolae and nipples behind artfully placed flower patterns. It was immediately obvious that the support to her large breasts was minimal, serving mainly to push them together into a striking cleavage. They appeared quite able to hold their own - literally. The bra looked quite loose, as if its shoulder straps had been lengthened. Sandra had apparently planned for comfort.
She had studied herself in that underwear set for long minutes beforehand, in front of a mirror, wondering how Jeff would react to it. She had been less concerned by Frank, who had thoughtlessly spoiled the more conventional matching panties with his cum.
It had seemed to her that with her skin tone lightly showing through she was showing more flesh than perhaps was decent. So her heart really was pounding now, at having to stand like that in front of Jeff knowing what he could see. The brandy's effect was negligible, offering no Dutch courage.
She forced herself to approach them, with what she hoped was a model's movement as if on a catwalk. It served no purpose other than to kill time whilst they got over their initial shock, better than standing still.
Frank recovered his wits to splutter, "But we agreed - the proper lace panties...!"
She looked down at the small semi-transparent lace triangle, that hinted at her narrow, trimmed arrow of dark pubic hair, and where it halted, just about above where her pubic cleft began.
Her voice adopted a teasingly coquettish tone.
"But don't you remember, darling, you spoilt my panties this morning when..."
"Er, yes of course, silly me."
Frank glanced at Jeff with embarrassment, now that he recalled withdrawing during their sex session and spraying his cum on her larger lace panties. Jeff had anticipated that checking glance, and had bowed his head to the drawing board on his lap. He now slowly, apparently nonchalantly, raised his eyes, as if looking at Sandra's appearance for the first time.
Sandra watched him intently, a sense of anticipation in her eyes, and speculation about his thoughts and physical reaction. She was rewarded by a slight shudder of arousal that crossed his face. Further evidence was contained in the growing bulge at his jeans crotch.
"Would one of you gentlemen like to arrange my body how you want it?"
Frank was about to speak, when Jeff interjected, "Imagine how you want us to see you, and try out a pose. If you don't think you can hold it comfortably, change it. Then when you're ready, Frank can photograph you whilst I start my first sketch."
"First?" Frank was startled.
"Yes," Jeff said, smiling patiently. "I need to get my bearings, to size out the portrait in a rough draft, before starting on the final piece."
Sandra walked back to the suspended chair, rolling her hips to emphasise their shapeliness. This was a first for her, and a statement of her newly asserted freedom. She arranged herself decorously on the seat, letting the structure swing gently for a few moments before halting the movement with extended toes. She tried a few poses, before settling on one she thought could be comfortable but appealing. Her palms were placed down by her sides on the cushion, pushing her upper body forward at a slight angle towards the two men. One leg was crossed over the other. The angle of her upper body pushed her breasts together into a hypnotically deep cleavage, facing slightly to Jeff's left.
"Remember that pose, then you can relax your posture from time to time until I ask you to resume it. OK?"
"You're very considerate," she replied sweetly.
Frank started taking shots, moving to and fro in a semi-circle, crossing Jeff's line of vision repeatedly, as if to emphasise his proprietorial status. He was clearly upset by this turn of events. Jeff let him work out his angst, knowing that eventually the man would lose interest.
For a while afterwards, Frank sat morosely and watched Jeff at work, occasionally getting up and standing at Jeff's shoulder, studying his initial sketch lines. Eventually he got bored.
"Mind if I turn on the match, on the radio?" he asked.
"Oh, darling," said Sandra, sympathetically, "you're missing your match. I think it would spoil the tranquil mood if we had it on in here. Why not listen in the kitchen, or in your study; have a beer, and relax?
"We could have some soothing music here instead."
Frank gratefully left them to it, his patience quite drained.
Sandra dismounted from the suspended seat and went to an entertainment centre unit discreetly housed in an old fireplace. She selected some CDs and loaded them into a multi-CD changer unit. The first track to play was Smooth Operator from Diamond Life. She had been so absorbed in choosing her music selection that she quite forgot her audience. Bent forwards into the alcove over the machine, and with her legs slightly apart, she unwittingly exposed her labial lips either side of the vertical strap of the thong. Transfixed by Smooth Operator, the moody first track, she remained leaning forward tapping the glass shelf with her fingers whilst the music enveloped her soul. She straightened up, swinging her hips from side to side through the first two bars. Jeff felt like a true voyeur as he admired her taut bottom cheeks, slim loins and snatched glimpses of generous side boobs.
He approached her like a sleepwalker driven to snatch a closer view.
She sensed him and turned, surprised at his close proximity, and embarrassed as she realised the view she had been presenting to him. The loosened bra straps had allowed her breasts to half slip out of their cups as she leant forwards. They remained displaced as she straightened up. Both she and Jeff froze. In her confusion she backed away to the suspended seat and sat down.
Jeff moved close to her again.
She asked innocently, "Do you want to arrange me?"
He was stunned by the question because he did not know how to mention her partially exposed breasts. His mouth opened and he tried to gesture with his hands, but his brain did not engage.
"Stand up," he croaked, thinking that it would be easier for her to re-arrange her underwear in a vertical position.
She misunderstood his reason.
"You show me how you want me," she invited, oblivious to her predicament.
"You - your - "
"Yes?"
He gestured. She stared blankly at him in growing confusion.
He reached forward and pointed at her bust. She looked down, then stared at him with a frown, now frozen with surprise. She realised her predicament but pretended not to notice, thinking that she could discreetly readjust the bra as he returned to his place. Moments passed, like an eternity. He could not know her thoughts, her embarrassment. He leant forward, and reached out both hands, one to cup a breast, the other to slip it back into its garment receptacle. She looked at it then looked up at him in bemusement. He did the same to the other breast.
She was holding her breath in surprise and her mouth had fallen open. Her brain had simply not registered the extent of herdéshabillée, in her general confusion.
"I tried -" he stammered, "you didn't - I couldn't leave you in disarray like that."
She was surprisingly naïve for her age, and apparently socially ill-equipped to cope with such an awkward situation. She recovered her wits.
"You touched my breasts..."
The inference was unclear. Had it excited or appalled her?
Jeff thought feverishly for an explanation. He had bullshitted to an extent in the pub. He did so again.
"It's the artist's licence - to arrange the subject appropriately. You didn't appear to understand the problem. I had to help you. Did I offend you? It wasn't intended."
She was breathing heavily. Her mind was in turmoil. She even slipped her fingers under the lower edge of the bra cups as if to lift it from her bust, before rapidly pulling her hands away, as if she had touched something extremely hot.
Regaining her self-control, she took a deep breath and said, "We should press on. Frank is expecting a sketch."
She took her position on the seat without his further assistance. He backed away, and almost tripped over the coffee table he had moved earlier. They both laughed at their mutual clumsiness. The tension had been broken.
"We're both being very clumsy," she muttered seeking common ground. Honour was best satisfied by humour at their shared gaucheness.
He began his drawing, letting the music fill the uneasy silence between them for a while. It took some minutes for his hand to stop trembling. He chided himself for touching her breasts, but succeeded only in remembering on a repeated mental loop the yielding feel of her yielding mammaries in his hands.
"Are you feeling comfortable?" he asked, at last.
She nodded her head noncommittally.
"Yes, thank you. Are you?"
"I'm enjoying it. I'm in my element. How are you enjoying your first experience as a model?"
"It's getting easier. Frank was the only person who'd seen me undressed as an adult, until today. When I see you studying me, I get palpitations inside."
"Is that a good thing?
"I've been sitting here thinking. I've wasted my life so far, on outmoded notions of modesty and decorum. Whilst other people are relaxed and liberated, I'm uptight and repressed."
"So if you've realised that, what can you do about it?"
She smiled. "Not pose in the nude, certainly. Maybe I could try a topless beach, where everyone else is relaxed."
But today, I feel beautiful. I see that in your eyes."
"Ah, but that's because youarebeautiful, and I'm merely reflecting that back to you. You're the perfect artist's muse. Your face and body are inspirational."
"Do you mean that I turn you one?"
Jeff did a double-take:that was bold, did she intend to say that?
He coughed with embarrassment. "I meant that your body profile and your face are so fine that I find it easy to draw you. The pencil loves your body lines. You inspire me to want to reflect your beauty on paper.
"This tawdry competition with Frank is just a means for me to express on paper how wonderful you are. It's just a sketch. I'd like to spend more time on another day, to capture your pure essence. How do you feel after sitting so still for so long."
"It's physically tiring, but surprisingly stimulating."
"Oh, how so?"
"I've never been in this situation before, almost naked, with another man I hardly know, openly staring at my body. I thought I'd be embarrassed, but I'm now gradually getting used to it. It's allowing me time to think, to reflect on my life and wasted opportunities."
"Artists' models have to be comfortable with their bodies, whatever size and shape they are. But you have nothing to be ashamed of anyway."
"You'd be surprised. I was taunted at school by other girls: the colour of my skin, my breasts, my hips. They would gang up on me and taunt me."
"What sort of school did you go to?"
"Compton House, an exclusive fee-paying Catholic girls' school in Hertfordshire. Its parents were old money and snooty as hell. Minorities are rare there and they suffer for it."
"But you aren't -!"
"No, my origins are southern European, Italian. My name is Allessandra Bianchi, Sandra for short. Both my parents were Italian by birth but living in England. They were wealthy. They went on a visit Italy without me whilst I was at school. They were abducted in a failed ransom attempt, and were murdered. They had enrolled me in boarding school in England to protect me. They must have known that abduction was a possibility. So I remained here, an orphan."
"So why are you with Frank?"
"You think I'm a gold-digger?"
"Well, a beautiful woman on the arm of a wealthy man - it would have been predictable. But no, I could never imagine such base motives from you, even knowing you as little as I do."
"Am I beautiful?"
"Why would you have to ask?"
"I don't always feel beautiful. Frank says I'm unattractive with the way I dress. He bullies me. He says no man would want me if I hide my body. I think he says it to get me to open up, show more of my body. But then he gets jealous of other men admiring me. He didn't expect me to wear a thong this afternoon. It didn't feel right - until today. Now I'm glad that I did."
Jeff waited. Sandra was staring into the middle distance, suddenly lost in thought.
"And what happened today?"
She turned her head slowly to fix his gaze. "I discovered that using my body was a huge turn on for me as much as Frank, but perhaps wasted on him. Frank asked me to pose for pictures whilst I tried on underwear. He had his digicam record it all. I so wanted to have suitable underwear for this sketching session that I agreed.
"Of course, he took revealingly intimate photographs of me as well, but he loaded them onto my laptop where I can keep control them. I made sure he deleted them from his camera.
"I was afraid if I refused to co-operate that Frank would change his mind about you drawing me. I don't know why, but I was desperate for you to do that, once I got used to the idea. Maybe I wanted to challenge Frank's proprietorial attitude towards me. I trusted you to be professional about sketching me, though. I didn't think that you would touch me..."
"I'm not a professional artist, it's my hobby. I'm not used to drawing from life. I made a mistake."
"I know, but you're respectful. it's an attitude of mind, a responsibility to treat your model with consideration and respect."
"Do you think I'm immune to your beauty?"
"No, but I think I can trust you to behave responsibly. Perhaps touching my breasts was a step too far."
"But did it feel good?"
She dropped her head and said nothing.
"Sorry, that was a leading question."
"And a difficult one. You think I'm liberated. I live with Frank and we have sex occasionally. But we aren't a couple. It's an arrangement of convenience. I might say I was forced into it by circumstances."
She went quiet for several minutes. Then she asked, "Are you turned on by my body?"
That was an encouraging question. Perhaps she was opening up?
"You look very sexy. Your figure is fabulous -"
"But?"
"There's no 'but' - or rather, the but'' is that your body is erotic. From what you say, eroticism may not hold much meaning for you. But for me, eroticism fills much of my thinking down-time. My body shuddered with arousal when you took off that dressing gown. You are naturally sexy, even without moving."
She smiled. "Would you masturbate to my naked body?"
"That's a surprisingly forward question, given what you said before."
"Oh, I think about sex, but not with Frank. I look at myself in the mirror, and I touch myself. But I never flirt and I would not normally display myself to a man."
"Do you think about men?"
"Of course, but only in the privacy of my seclusion. My thoughts are mostly romantic rather than erotic."
Jeff put down his pad and approached her. "Do you mind if I turn the seat a little? Can you hold it there whilst I do a difficult bit of the sketch?"
Her eyes widened with him standing so close to her. Her breathing increased; she inhaled in more deeply. She stared up at him with a strained expression. He saw on her face how she must be feeling. He wanted to capitalise on that.
He was feeling reckless and wanting to make a grand gesture. It might end in disaster but he felt compelled to do it.
"I took a liberty earlier, touching you. I should reciprocate."
He undid the waist band of his jeans and unzipped the flies. He knew he was taking a big chance. She might scream, or break out into a fury. He dug into his briefs and pulled out his cock and his balls. His package hung out of the vee in the opened jeans top. His cock had been uncomfortably compressed inside. Now, it swelled in moments, then burgeoned out horizontally, bouncing with the pulse of the blood pressure in its veins. He would have been arrested if he had done that in public. Yet in the confines of Sandra's home, and in that sensual atmosphere, it felt fitting. But did she appreciate it?
"Why did you do that?" she asked with a small voice. She did not sound offended.
"Because I guessed you had not been offered one like that, close up before. Regard it as me evening out the score."
She stared at it as if it were a magic talisman. Her lips parted, and her tongue moistened them.
"You touched me," she murmured, as if to explain or excuse her now. She leaned forward and grasped the shaft in her hand. She ran her hand gently up and down the shaft, then gripped it tighter and felt the pulse. Her other hand reached out and cupped his balls. She examined them, weighed them, bounced them gently up and down. She gave a half laugh, a vocal accompaniment to undisclosed thoughts.
"How does that feel?" she asked, a tinge of awe in her voice.
"Like I want to bury it inside you. Like I want to make you scream with extreme orgasms.
"But I must resist your compelling allure. Just think about that whilst I finish the sketch."
He sighed internally with relief. She had not been offended. She was clearly aroused.I hope I can capture that look in her face, he thought. But it was a poor excuse for his deliberate exhibitionism.
He worked quickly now, to finish the work before the inspiration of that look on her face receded. He was engrossed.
He glanced up. She was slouched in the suspended chair, which was swinging gently. Her hips were pushed forward and her toes were touching the ground, causing the movement. Her feet were spread, and the fingers of her right hand had slipped down inside the triangular patch of material covering her pubic mound. He could see the outline of her knuckles rhythmically moving up and down. She was playing with herself. She sensed him watching and looked up sharply, her hand frozen.
He tried to speak but his mouth was dry. He swallowed and tried again.
"That looks so sexy, but I can't sketch it like that. Please, don't stop on my account. I want you to be happy and relaxed. My focus is on your face."
She chuckled at his casual acceptance of her distracted misdemeanour. But she rearranged her body back into the posing position. Her face had turned a guilty shade of scarlet.
"I'm sorry about that. I was getting too accustomed to your presence. See how your professional attitude relaxes me, lowers my barriers? Can I see what you've done?"
He sighed audibly. "I suppose I must show it to you some time. I don't think Jeff will be too impressed."
She slipped gracefully out of the chair and onto her feet. Her movement was slinky and graceful, and somehow now more assured. She looked at last confident in her skin. Perhaps it reflected her mood? He stared lovingly at her body as she advanced on him. Her breasts bounced gently as her body undulated with her sensual steps. Her hips tilted with a model's self-assurance as she walked. She stroked her palms down her sides, subconsciously drawing attention to her shapely hips, all the while fixing his eyes with her steady gaze. He saw undoubted desire in her eyes. This was not the shy retiring Sandra of the pub, but another more confident and sassy woman. She went round behind his chair. Her perfumed odour wafted over him as she leaned over his right shoulder. The side of her bra brushed his cheek as she peered closely at his sketch. She did not move away.
She let out a soft, high-pitched gasp of astonishment.
With a tremulous voice she whispered, "Is that how you imagine me?"
The study did indeed look like her. It had captured her beauty with soft lines and delicate shadings. Her body was shown from the side, showcasing her elegant profile. Her left arm rested on top of her thigh. Her bust showed mostly from a side view, that accentuated her fulsome breasts. But they looked more natural than her bra made them. The bra as drawn provided no support, no constraint. Her thong strap was so faintly drawn it might not have been there.
She breathed in and out heavily as she examined the study. Then she whispered, "It's as if I'm naked. It's as if you were imagining how my naked body would look without the bra to restrain my breasts. I might as well have been naked after all."
He turned to look up at her. Her bra-encased breasts were inches from his face. She returned his stare. Her lips were parted again.
He asked her, "What do you think of it?"
"She's beautiful. Do I really look like that?"
"You do, to me. It's what your body conveys to me. It's only an impression, after all. But what will Frank make of it?"
"Hm." It was a soft, staccato exclamation. She didn't answer immediately, asking another question instead.
"Is it finished?"
"Not quite, there are still some details to refine; a few more minutes if you don't mind?"
"I want it to be the best you can do."
She returned to the suspended chair and resumed her pose.
"As to Frank, it doesn't matter what he thinks. We started talking about a lot of unresolved issues after we left the pub that night. The conversation continued over several days. We have agreed that we should end our relationship, such as it was. I realised that I wanted more than it was giving me. He was satisfying his voyeuristic tendencies elsewhere, with paid escorts and strippers. We have separate bedrooms. It suited his vanity to portray me as his girlfriend, rather than his house-share with benefits.
"He did not mind our parting. He has my money invested in his company and I trust him to use it wisely. It's time I found a place of my own, but at least I have somewhere to go."
"Is it my fault?"
"No, not at all. You weren't even the catalyst. I was thinking about it before you arrived on the scene. But the decision to let you sketch me, and to let him photograph me, was partly my way of compensating Frank for us parting. You see, I'm the major investor in his company. That's how I met him. We were introduced by an investment angel who is a close friend of mine. She did not understand his business proposition, so she set up a meeting for me with him. I saw the potential, and Frank's ability. We eventually moved in together as a mutual convenience.
"I understand about the potential of IT in data analysis and data management, even in smaller businesses. We quickly reached an understanding. I, or rather the Trust, own this house, but title will transfer to Frank, in time, given the future success of the business. I'm nominally an employee of the business, but in reality I'm a sleeping partner, but not in the obvious way. The house arrangement is the way the investment was structured, to use in his business and give him an incentive. We gradually began to sleep together, though. It felt safe, knowing him.
"So whilst we have a continuing business relationship, our personal affair has run its course and reached its natural conclusion. I came with the house, solely for reasons to do with the Trust. Now I will let Frank rent it from the Trust until he meets his business targets, at which point he will own it. At the rate the company income is growing that will not be too long.
"Don't get any big ideas about us though. You're too young for me, and I'm not on the rebound. Now, I think I've done enough posing."
She came across to face Jeff. She knelt in front of him, sitting on her haunches, placing her hands on his knees. It was a very intimate gesture. It thrilled his loins.
Jeff's breathing had been quickening as Sandra spoke, but not from her sensuality. Her revelation had come as a shock which turned his world upside down. He realised almost at once that this session had compromised his working relationship with his boss. He stared at her, incapable of words at first. She waited for him to speak, then finally broke the silence. She might have read his mind.
"You realise that after today, your position with Frank is compromised. He will not forget the intimacy we've shared."
"Intimacy?"
"My almost unclothed body, your sketch, what I've told you about the severing of our personal relationship."
"Yes, I see. I had come to the same conclusion. But that makes you a free agent as well. I could see you again, one to one. He leant forward and kissed her on the lips. Her lips were taut at first, then softened as she relented and returned his kiss. She raised up onto her knees and placed her palms on his cheeks.
"You're a very interesting young man. There -"
A loud thump from the adjoining study reminded them of Frank. Sandra leapt guiltily to her feet.
"Frank told me all about you, and why he hired you. You did a big thing, investing your scarce funds in your super computer and embarking on a risky career in big data analysis. What made you do that?"
"I was recruited by a consultancy working in health and social care, as a systems analyst. My skills quickly came in handy in another sphere, and I created a niche for myself in compiling bespoke models of predictive data analyses. Frank's business aligned with my developing skill sets. But I don't know of a business in a similar vein to my specialism. I may have to go back to general consultancy. Are you really much older than me?
"Perhaps not. I'll tell you, I'm 29, which isn't that old these days." She chuckled.
"You don't look it, and that isn't flattery."
"I look after my body. I don't do anything to excess, at least, not until now."
"And now?"
"Being like this with you is inspiring me to review my life, rethink my goals. It may not seem like anything exceptional, but I was brought up to be modest about myself. It's how I think about me, but it doesn't have to be how I live. After all what is a body other than a vessel? It doesn't have any particular significance as a shrine, or as a thing of mystery."
"So would you consider a career as a stripper?"
"Don't mock me. It doesn't make my body public property.
"Why do I enjoy talking to you like this? It isn't like me."
Frank then entered the room like an explosion of noise in its erstwhile calm. He belched from an excess of canned beer. Sandra's face dropped.
"So where's this work of art?" he said. His slurred words suggested that he had downed the contents of several cans.
Sandra stood up and moved behind Jeff's chair. Frank stood facing him and held out his hand for the sketch pad. Jeff handed it up to him and watched his now ex-boss's face for any hint of a reaction.
It surprised him. "Hmmm. It's good, I'll give you that. It's not real life, though, and I think you've got a dirty mind. She might as well be naked. What do you think of it, Sandra?"
She beamed. "I like it. It's natural, even though Jeff's saved my blushes with the almost transparent underwear. I found this experience liberating."
"Like our photographic session?" leered Frank.
"That was a one-off. It served its purpose. We agreed the pictures and video are my property."
"Alright, alright, and what do you make of Jeff's talent?"
"He's a sympathetic artist. I could tell that he didn't want to offend me, but his depiction of my body was naturalistic, rather than photographic; imagining my body in its natural state, rather than in distorting underwear."
"Did she tell you about us?" Frank asked of Jeff.
"She did, and before you ask, I think your business relationship is inspired.
"But there's no place for me in it now; not after today and what I now know."

~*~*~