Meet Anita Olsen. The most popular girl in high school, she ruled as president of The Hot Babes Club - and as a bully who tormented Freddie Simpson for being a nerd. Freddie grew up to be a tech billionaire who invented a system of mind control, and life got very different for The Hottest Babe. All characters are adults over the age of 18.
........................................
Freddie saw an opportunity to take a few days off work, and Anita wasn't scheduled to be photographed again until the next week, so they decided to go on a little trip. Freddie's assistant arranged for a little four-day excursion to a posh resort on the Pacific coast of Mexico. People who own private jets don't need to book airline tickets in advance. Knowing you can buy anything you forget to pack makes it easy to just throw some clothes, cosmetics and personal products in a bag and leave on short notice.
So that's what they did.
By late afternoon of the day they left, Freddie and Anita were lounging on recliners by the ocean, enjoying the filtered sunlight that passed through a coarse canvas canopy above their chairs. It was a nude beach, so they were naked, a fact that Anita found to be very stimulating. They both saw that there were many beautiful nude women around them, but most of them were accompanied by much older men. Anita felt good about the fact that Freddie was her age, and that he was the youngest man there, and that he was probably the richest. She liked knowing she was with the biggest Alpha at the resort. And she enjoyed seeing people gawk at Freddie's big cock, too.
Anita had been to nude beaches before in Europe. She loved the feeling of the breeze, sun and ocean on her skin. Her exhibitionist tendencies fostered by Freddie forced her to become increasingly aroused the longer they stayed on the beach.
"None of the women here are as beautiful as you," Freddie said.
"That's a very sweet thing to say, but it's not true," Anita said.
"Yeah? Look at the people here now, and find one woman who is a match for you."
"You're being silly."
"I'm being serious. Take a look. There isn't a single woman in your league."
Anita looked around. "Check out that brunette down by the water," she said.
Freddie looked at a very slender young woman dipping her toes in the surf. "She's anorexic," he said. "She isn't pretty; she's just skinny. Look at the way her ribs poke through her skin. I know a lot of people think skinny and beautiful are the same thing, but that's not true. You are a goddess. Find one other woman who looks like a goddess."
Anita looked around and saw that Freddie was right. She'd been gorgeous when Freddie kidnapped her. The diet, exercise and cosmetic surgery he forced on her elevated Anita to the status of a goddess.
"I love the way you talk to me," Anita said.
It wasn't long before Anita needed to go back inside. The sunscreen and canvas canopy did a good job reducing her exposure to the hot Mexican sun, but her peaches-and-cream complexion had reached its daily limit. Besides, being naked in public had ignited a fire between her legs, and she needed Freddie to take her to bed and extinguish those blazes.
"I want you to do something special for me," Freddie said. "Do you remember that time I had you sunbathe naked in front of my friend?"
"Of course. That was fun. It turned me on."
"I'm sure you remember that the finale of your little performance happened when you showered off your suntan lotion in front of my friend."
"That's not the kind of thing I would forget, Freddie," Anita said.
"Good. Do you see that shower over there next to the pool? I'd like to see a repeat of your previous performance."
The seating area around the huge pool was crowded. Freddie wanted her to put on a live sex show for more than 50 people. The idea made her pussy ache.
"Let's go," she said.
Anita rinsed off the sand and salt water, then began lathering up her body. She kept it up until every inch of skin was covered with bubbly white suds. Then she worked shampoo into her hair, being sure to spend a lot of time with her head thrown back and her arms up so her breasts were on display. Freddie sat and watched, smiling and taking photographs. Because it had been a while since she'd shaved, thick blond hair was visible on her pubes and under her arms. Anita took a long time rinsing the soap off her body. She was aware of the hot looks she was attracting from the men and women around the pool.
It was time to go back to their room and have sex.
"Here's a towel," Freddie said when she finally turned off the shower.
"Was that acceptable?" she asked.
"Adequate. It was adequate," he said, chuckling.
"I'm so hot right now that I'm going to have a hard time walking all the way back to our suite. I may attack you in the elevator," she said.
"That was my intention," Freddie said.
"Mission accomplished," Anita said.
Anita wore a thin silk robe that was barely long enough to cover her butt. Her nipples were visible through the sheer fabric. It made it hard to walk through the lobby. She noted that people they passed in the corridor couldn't help but stare.
She pressed up against Freddie as soon as they got to their suite and the door locked behind them. Anita untied the belt of Freddie's beach robe, then slid her hand down over his cock. It wasn't hard yet, but would be soon. "Let's take this to bed," Freddie said, putting one arm around her shoulders and leading her into the room.
They helped each other strip naked, then Anita sat on the bed so she was looking straight at Freddie's cock. She sucked the head between her lips and stroked the shaft with her fist. She used her tongue as she bobbed up and down, trying to get him hard as fast as possible. It wasn't long before he was ready to give her what she needed.
Anita laid on her back and beckoned for Freddie to join her. She wanted to make love, but Freddie seemed to think he should give her some foreplay first. He buried his face between her legs and dipped his tongue into her hot, wet pussy. She groaned as she felt the sensation of his tongue going up and down. He sucked her clit between his lips and started to lick. It wasn't long before Freddie saw and felt contractions as Anita climaxed. It made her feel good, of course, but it also served to remind Anita that what she really wanted was Freddie's cock inside her.
"Please come up here and give it to me," Anita said, knowing that Freddie was more likely to do as she asked if she used the word "please." It worked. He removed his face from her pussy and worked his way up her body, kissing her everywhere as he did. She was going a little crazy by the time he sucked her nipples. Freddie enjoyed the fresh, clean taste from Anita's recent shower. She wrapped her arms around him and pulled up, trying to make him stop stalling and get on with it. Sometimes she just wanted to fuck, and Freddie had a habit of teasing her at times when she didn't want to be teased.
He recognized that Anita needed his cock - now. Frolicking naked on the beach and taking that very public nude shower had stimulated her exhibitionist tendencies. Freddie saw that she was ready for the real thing. He took his cock in his hand and ran the head up and down the length of her pussy. She jumped when it brushed against her clit. Anita took a deep breath when she felt him push inside her. To her great relief, he made no effort to tease her. Instead, Freddie worked his way inside her without stalling or delay.
"Thank you," Anita whispered, knowing that Freddie liked hearing those words almost as much as he enjoyed hearing her say "please." Increasingly, the words came naturally to Anita, whose submission grew deeper as time went by. Freddie liked being in charge when they were having sex, and that was just fine with her. She'd always enjoyed a rewarding sex life, spending time with men who knew how to satisfy her. But she'd never been with a lover as good as Freddie.
Anita realized that part of the reason he pleased her so much was because he possessed some kind of technology that made her do what he wanted, and he wanted her to enjoy everything he did to her sexually. But the main reason Freddie satisfied her so much was that he was simply a good lover. He'd dominated Anita from the first time he took her to bed, and by now she slipped easily into the role of a submissive and responsive woman.
His cock slid as far into Anita's pussy as Freddie could go without causing her to feel pain. He saw that her eyes were closed and her head thrown back. He moved in and out slowly but steadily, giving her the gentle, loving kind of sex she craved most. Freddie had grown increasingly comfortable with the idea that he owned Anita. She would happily do whatever he said.
Things could have gone differently after he kidnapped Anita. She might have acquired lingering resentments. But Freddie managed to guide her down a path that led to something beyond mere acceptance. Anita loved being a slave. She loved abandoning the kind of life where she had to be in charge of everything and everyone around her. She hadn't realized how exhausting all that was until she entrusted all responsibility to Freddie, who turned out to be better at it.
She came again. This time her climax was gentle and relaxing, causing pleasant waves of sensation to ripple from her pussy out to every part of her body. Freddie barely slowed down, and Anita knew he'd make sure she had at least one more orgasm before he was finished. All she had to do was lay back and let him do the work.
So it was surprising when Freddie wrapped her in his arms and rolled over on his back. He wanted her on top for a while. If that's what he wanted, that's what she'd do. She put an extra pillow behind his head so he'd get a better look at her nakedness as she rode his body. They'd been lovers long enough that Anita knew Freddie liked admiring her, and she liked being admired.
"Does this look good to you, Freddie?" she asked as she went up and down on his cock.
"Just perfect, thanks," he said.
"I'm glad," Anita said, lifting her breasts in both hands and squeezing them together. Freddie's hands roamed all over her hips, gradually working higher and higher on her body. She finally took his hands, placed them directly on her breasts, and pressed them tightly against her. Freddie squeezed. Hard. It wasn't hard enough to hurt, but it got her attention. He squeezed her again, a bit harder this time, and it made her wonder what he planned to do next.
She soon found out. Freddie threw her face-down on the bed. He lifted her up on her hands and knees until she was in the doggie position. He got behind her and thrust all the way in. Freddie began pounding into Anita's pussy. The new angle caused his cock to rub directly across her G-spot, and Anita realized she would have another orgasm soon.
Freddie slammed hard into Anita's bottom, and soon he climaxed. He hammered into her every time he came, and she felt her pussy fill with his cum. It felt wonderful, and it pushed Anita over the edge for the third and final time. "Oh God, thank you thank you thank you," she said, making sure she let Freddie hear the words he'd trained her to say.
They both collapsed on the bed. "You wore me out," Anita said sleepily.
"Let's take a nap," Freddie said. "We're going to be out late tonight. We'll have more energy if we get some extra sleep first."
He looked her in the eyes. "Listen to me Anita. Go to sleep."
Anita instantly fell asleep. Sometimes, it was especially convenient that Freddie could make her obey any order.
.....................................
The sun was low on the horizon when Anita woke. She heard the sound of running water and realized Freddie was in the shower. She'd slept for almost two hours, and felt wonderfully refreshed.
Freddie always insisted that their hotel accommodations included a bidet, and she was glad. He had bidets in his bathrooms at home, and Anita had grown to love the extra clean feeling she got from this marvelous way of freshening up. She and Freddie made love so often that she needed a good way to clean up afterward, and a bidet did the job perfectly.
She rose from the bed and saw that Freddie had ordered a pot of coffee and two appetizers from room service. She put on her robe, poured herself a cup, and sat down in a chair on their balcony. The appetizers were a good idea because they were light. They didn't want to go dancing on a full stomach. The outline of the coast was visible far below, and the sun was touching the horizon. She felt excited and alive. Freddie had ordered her to enjoy the exertion of her daily work-outs with the personal trainer, and this higher level of fitness made her feel vital, energized, and rested. They planned to go dancing, and she was excited. She loved dancing. She'd only danced once with Freddie, and she looked forward to doing it again.
"The shower is yours anytime you want it, darling," Freddie said, walking out to the balcony with a towel around his waist. He poured himself a cup of the coffee and sat in the chair next to Anita. "Did you sleep well?" he asked.
"Of course I did, Freddie," she replied. "You told me to go to sleep, so that's what I did. It's very convenient that you can do that. I feel like I'm bursting with energy right now."
"I'm glad to hear it," he replied. "Anytime you have trouble with insomnia, just say the word and I'll take care of it."
"Good to know," Anita said.
She gave him a kiss on the cheek, then walked to the bathroom. After her shower Anita dried her hair and put in the curlers she only used on special occasions. Her hair was naturally wavy, and the curlers added just enough extra curl to let her style her hair in especially attractive ways.
Anita looked forward to wearing the outfit she'd selected. It was very, very sexy, and it was nice to have a reason to wear it. She dressed in a black full-body catsuit that clung to her curves like a coat of paint. It was designed to be worn without underwear. You couldn't wear a bra because it was backless and the front had a large round cut-out that exposed cleavage from just beneath her neck almost down to her navel. She loved how good her breasts looked like this, and she realized that she was glad Freddie had forced her to get implants that turned her teardrop shaped C-cup boobs into perky D-cups.
She couldn't wear panties because the clingy fabric would have revealed a visible panty line. An extra panel of fabric was sewn in place to prevent camel toes.
On her feet, Anita wore black ankle boots with bolero heels. She normally preferred stiletto heels, but she'd selected these boots because they were better for dancing. After she did her hair and applied her make-up, she looked in the mirror and loved what she saw. Freddie enjoyed saying Anita looked like a goddess. At that moment, she felt like one.
Freddie arranged for a limousine to take them to the club where a group of four DJs worked together to fill the room with electronic dancing music. EDM was Anita's favorite dance music, something she'd loved since she was a teenager going to high school dances. The music hadn't begun when they arrived, so they sat at a table and ordered cocktails. Anita ordered a diet Red Bull with vodka. It was a bit late for that much caffeine, but she expected to be up until dawn. Neither one of them wanted to run out of energy.
"You look stunning," Freddie said. "That outfit is very flattering. A lot of your sexy clothes expose a lot of skin. That outfit seems to be even sexier despite covering up so much."
"It still exposes a lot," she said, turning around in her chair so he could see the suit was backless. It was cut so low it exposed just a hint of butt cleavage. That, and the expanse of cleavage in front, made Anita feel wild and sexy. Her hair looked unusually stylish and beautiful. She was glad Freddie was pleased. He had told her how proud he felt when she was beside him, and she'd grown to love the idea that other men envied Freddie for having such a hot woman. She sat straight in her chair and held her chin up so others could get a good look at her.
The room filled with well-dressed couples and individuals as the night went on. Freddie had taken them to a very posh resort, and the club was full of upscale people who came from all around the world. She recognized clothes from famous European designers, and hairstyles that weren't yet common in America. A lot of the women were very slender, and they looked good in their expensive dresses, but most of them were just skinny. She didn't see any other woman with the kind of lean, athletic physique she'd worked hard to attain. The other women would look boyish next to her, and Anita liked the idea that Freddie got to enjoy the feeling of being with the most beautiful woman in a room full of pretty girls.
The DJs went to the stage, causing people in the audience to begin to clap. One DJ started to play a low, slow beat that sounded like the beating of a heart. Slowly, the other DJs layered more beats on top, creating a sound that grew more textured and infectious as time went on.
"Would you like to dance?" Freddie asked.
"Love to," she said. "This seems like a wonderful place. Thank you for taking me."
"Thank you for coming," he said, taking her by the hand and leading her to the dance floor.
Freddie started out dancing with slow, restrained movements. He expected to dance for hours, and he didn't want to wear himself out early. Anita felt no need for that kind of restraint. She'd done a lot of cardio in the previous months. She wanted this night to be a kind of dance marathon that consumed every bit of energy she had in her considerable reserves. She moved her arms and legs in big, wild, unrestrained movements that looked equally joyful and sexy. The fact that it made her the most eye-catching woman on the dance floor made it just a little more exciting.
Dancing came very naturally to Anita. She and her girlfriends danced with each other in their parents' basements from the age of 12, and they were the first girls to attend the dances held in junior high. Boys that age aren't as enthusiastic about dancing, but that didn't stop the little clique of girls who would eventually call themselves The Hot Babes Club. They just danced with each other until the boys got old enough to see the value of dancing with girls they wanted to date.
It wasn't like that for Freddie. He did not dance in high school. In college he satisfied his phys ed requirement by taking a class in ballroom dancing, and he briefly dated a woman who taught him how to dance in clubs. It was enjoyable enough that he eventually got good at it, although not nearly as good as Anita. He loved watching her dance. The strobe lights had an intoxicating effect that combined with the cocktails in a particularly pleasurable way. The DJs were first-rate, and the crowd had a happy vibe that made the evening more enjoyable.
They were taking a break and enjoying another cocktail when Freddie made an interesting suggestion. "That brunette in the red dress has been trying to get your attention all night," he said. "Have you noticed?"
"Of course I've noticed, Freddie," Anita said. "Every time I turned around she'd try to dance with me. It was nice, up to a point. I liked it best when she'd dance with both of us."
"I was thinking it would be fun to see what happened if you went out on the floor by yourself, and went up to her alone," Freddie said. "I'll bet she'd like that."
"Maybe she would, but I don't want to lead her on," Anita said. "I'm going home with you tonight, Freddie."
"She already knows we're together, and that doesn't seem to be a problem for her," Freddie said. "Maybe she's just a girl who likes to dance, but I get the feeling she'd like something more. Just try it and see how it goes. If we invited her to join us in our suite, maybe she'd say yes."
This was a completely unexpected suggestion. It had been some time since Freddie made her begin seeing women in sexual ways. The only time she'd been touched by a woman was when Frida Ramos photographed her and used that as an excuse to touch her repeatedly. Freddie seemed to be suggesting that tonight might be a good night for Anita to have her first sexual experience with a woman. She was unsure what she thought about the idea.
Freddie decided to end her uncertainty. "Listen to me, Anita," he said, looking into her eyes. "Go out and dance with that woman. Get sexy with her. Rub your bodies together. Let her know you think she's attractive. Invite her to join us at our table."
That settled it. Every time Freddie used the words "Listen to me, Anita," she knew that what came next was a direct order. She was nervous about the idea, and unsure about doing it, but the fact that she didn't have a choice made things easier. There was no point in feeling ambivalent about something you could not avoid. She gave Freddie a kiss on the cheek, then walked out to the dance floor and began moving to the music.
Anita gradually worked her way over to the woman who'd been flirting all evening. The woman smiled when she saw that Anita was dancing alone. Finally. She got close to Anita and gave her sultry looks. They began dancing together and Anita felt it was nothing like all the previous times she'd danced with women. There was nothing sexual about all those other times. Tonight it was about nothing but sex. The woman got very close to Anita, so their faces were only inches apart. The woman put her hands on Anita's waist. It felt almost unbearably erotic. Anita placed her hands on top of the woman's hands, provoking a sexy little smile.
They danced for a long, long time. At one point the woman turned around and ground her bottom into Anita's body. Anita realized that other people on the dance floor were watching them dance, enjoying the sight of two hot women heating up the dance floor. The other woman looked decidedly Mexican, with long straight black hair and dark skin; obviously, she was a native, descended from the Mayans, Aztecs or Incas. It gave her an ethnic look that turned Anita on.
The longer they danced, the more they touched each other. Acting so blatantly erotic got Freddie's attention, who watched them dance from the vantage point of his table. When it came time for another cocktail, he ordered a soft drink. He wanted to be sober for whatever was going to happen next.
The music stopped when the time came for the DJs to take a break. "That was wonderful. Thank you," Anita said.
"It was my pleasure, Mamacita," the woman said in lightly accented English. She had almost no accent, but what she had sounded sexy to Anita's ears.
"I'd like to introduce you to someone," Anita said, taking the woman's hand. The woman smiled and followed as they traversed the dance floor on the way to Freddie's table. Anita was covered with the lightest possible sheen of sweat. The dancing had been strenuous, especially with the sexual undercurrents that made Anita excited.
"This is my boyfriend, Freddie," Anita said.
"I'm pleased to meet you," he said.
"My name is Carmella," she said.
"And I'm Anita."
Freddie signaled for the waiter and bought a round of drinks for the women. He ordered another soft drink. The dancing had been so erotic that Freddie felt certain the beautiful Carmella would spend the night with them. If he had to satisfy two women, he wanted no alcohol in his system.
"Do you live around here, Carmella?" Freddie asked.
"I live in town with my parents," she said. "I was raised here."
"What do you do other than dance beautifully?"
Carmella smiled. This gringo was smooth. He had game. "I work as a private tourist guide," she said. "Lots of people who come to the resort want something better than getting on a tour bus and traveling around to a set number of sites. I can give them a personalized experience."
That was all true, but it excluded the fact that Carmella also worked as a high class escort. She'd come to the club hoping to find a rich man or woman looking for company and willing to pay generously for it. When she saw Freddie and Anita, she hoped they were looking for a threesome. But Anita was so beautiful Carmella imagined the pair could get all the companionship they wanted for free.
There were no other prospects in the club that night, so Carmella decided to act on her desire to flirt with Anita and see if she would offer to take Carmella home. She wouldn't make any money, but the prospect of making love to such a beautiful woman was something so appealing she'd happily do it for free. She'd seen that Anita was with a man. He looked handsome and fit, but not as attractive as Anita. Carmella assumed that Anita and Freddie were a package deal, and that she'd have to make love to Freddie if she wanted sex with Anita.
"We could use a private guide, if you are available. We're going to be here for the next couple of days. I'm sure you could take us to some very nice places," Freddie said.
"I'm sure I could," Carmella said.
Anita felt Carmella's hand on her leg under the table. Freddie had been right. Carmella was attracted to Anita. She reached for her hand and held it as they talked, but Anita had a hard time concentrating on the conversation. She couldn't stop thinking about the fact that she was going to have her first threesome.
"Anita and I are going back to our suite to have a drink," Freddie said. "Would you like to join us?"
"I'd like that," Carmella said.
It was arranged.
They rode in silence as the limousine took them back to their hotel. Anita was so nervous she was trembling. Carmella held her hand tightly, looked into her eyes, then gave her a gentle kiss. It was so exciting that Anita drew in a breath. Carmella kissed her again, and again, with each kiss deeper and more passionate than the last. Freddie saw that Anita was becoming very, very aroused, so he decided to make things even hotter for her. He reached over, took one of Carmella's hands, and guided it to the opening in Anita's catsuit. He slipped her hand inside far enough that she could caress Anita's entire breast and nipple. "Your outfit is very sexy," Carmella said softly. "It flatters you."
Freddie took Anita's hand, placed it on top of Carmella's, and pressed down. Anita squeezed, and wondered how far this would go. Did Freddie expect her to have sex in the back seat of the limosine? At that moment she was very aware of the fact that she had to do whatever Freddie wanted, and that she had no choice but to enjoy it when it happened. The complete loss of control aroused her. Carmella looked into Anita's eyes and smiled. She caressed her breast gently, thinking that the evening was getting more interesting by the second. She liked that Freddie was so ready to help the two women enjoy each other. She'd had threesomes where the man demanded to be the center of attention.
Anita's head was spinning by the time they arrived at the hotel. She got out of the limousine and walked unsteadily to the door. Carmella took Anita's hand, then reached for Freddie's. They walked that way through the lobby and to the elevators. Anita felt equal parts nervous and excited. This was really happening.
When they got to the suite, Freddie took one woman in each arm and drew them together so they could kiss. Carmella's lips were soft and warm. Freddie ran his hands up and down the backs of both women, pressing them together. Carmella decided she liked Freddie. She didn't know that Freddie was anxious to make sure Anita enjoyed her first experience with a woman.
He took Carmella's hand, slipped her fingers beneath Anita's shoulder straps, then pushed them down her arms. Anita drew in a deep breath when her breasts were exposed. Carmella took it as an invitation to touch Anita's breasts everywhere, looking into her eyes and smiling as she did. Freddie unzipped Carmella's dress, unhooked her bra, and lowered them both to her waist. He pushed forward, pressing Carmella's body into Anita's, letting them both enjoy the feeling of their breasts touching.
Freddie removed his shirt and pressed his chest into Carmella's back. Being sandwiched between two sexy people aroused Carmella, convincing her that the decision to go to their hotel was a good one, even though she wasn't being paid. Sometimes it's nice to have sex just for fun, and the evening had been lots of fun so far.
"This way, ladies," Freddie said, putting his arms around both women and guiding them to the bed. He took off Anita's boots, then lowered her catsuit down to ankles and removed them. Then it was Carmella's turn. Freddie removed her bra and panties, standing there with two lovely nude women. Carmella gently pushed Anita down on the bed, stretched out on top of her, then kissed her passionately. Anita ran her hands over Carmella's back, reaching down to squeeze her bottom. She'd had sex with lots of people, but never with a woman. The idea hadn't been appealing, but everything changed when Freddie ordered her to want that kind of sex. Anita wasn't quite sure exactly what was going to happen, but she was sure she'd like it.
Carmella moved to go down on Anita. The notion of a woman eating her pussy was exciting and a little bit scary. Carmella seemed to be very commanding, almost like a man. Anita jumped when she felt Carmella's lips touch her, then jumped again when Carmella's tongue ran up and down her wet slit.
It all felt wonderful. She didn't even notice when Freddie took off his pants. The first thing that reminded her Freddie was there was when she felt his hand on her cheek. He turned her head toward the side of the bed where he was standing, and Anita saw his cock was right in her face. It was only half hard, and Freddie was guiding it toward Anita's mouth. She sucked it between her lips and licked it with her tongue. She couldn't move her head enough to give him a decent blowjob, so Freddie pumped in and out of her mouth, fucking her face. She started moaning and groaning around his cock, making so much noise that Carmella raised her head from Anita's pussy to look up and see what was happening. The size of Freddie's cock shocked and pleased her. She realized that she was going to have lots of fun with both Anita and Freddie.
"I'd like to feel that cock inside me, Papi," Carmella said. She got up on her knees, pressing her pussy to him while continuing to go down on Anita. Freddie pulled his cock from Anita's mouth and positioned himself behind Carmella. Taking his cock in hand, he ran the head up and down her wet pussy. He placed his cock at the entrance and tried to press inside, but she was very tight.
It took a little work before he finally pushed inside her. He moved in and out in tiny motions, going a little deeper each time. Carmella waved her bottom back and forth, inviting Freddie to go ahead and just fuck her. She would have preferred that he go a little faster and a little deeper, but she knew he'd do that eventually. His cock was so big. Her work as an escort had exposed her to lots of cocks, big and small, but she'd never seen one this size.
He was barely half way inside Carmella when she felt so full she began to doubt that she could take it all. It didn't hurt, exactly, but little twinges rippled through her bottom each time Freddie pushed in deeper. He put his hands on her hips and began pulling her butt back against him. Freddie knew that it would take some effort to work the rest of the way inside Carmella, but he knew they'd both enjoy the feeling when he finally filled her with cock.
Anita could see what was happening. Carmella was doing a good job eating her pussy, despite being distracted by Freddie pushing deeper and deeper inside her. Freddie looked Anita in the eyes and smiled. Her first encounter with a woman was going very well. Carmella was such a sexy woman. He was sure this night would be memorable.
It was time to give Carmella his whole cock. She was so excited that pussy juice ran down her inner thighs as Freddie moved in and out. He started using more force, until finally he was pounding into her pussy. He managed to get his entire cock inside her, but Carmella felt painful little sensations each time he hit bottom. Freddie's cock was just a little bit larger than she could accommodate comfortably, and it hurt when he shoved all the way in. Still, the pain wasn't bad, and it was exciting to know she was having sex with a man who was so well-endowed.
And, of course, she was also having sex with Anita. Both women were growing more excited. It took a lot of concentration for Carmella to do a decent job eating pussy while being distracted by Freddie's enormous cock. She slipped two fingers inside Anita's pussy, and the extra stimulation was all it took to make her cum. Anita called out as a strong climax shook her body. Carmella watched as Anita squirted, releasing a dribble of clear fluid. Carmella had never squirted, and she envied Anita. It had to be very pleasurable, and she wished she could experience it herself.
That was the moment Freddie began rubbing Carmella's clit with his thumb. His big cock was already giving her more than enough pleasure; adding the stimulation of her clit made Carmella feel so good she knew she'd have an orgasm soon. Freddie was relentless, slamming all the way into her pussy while massaging her clit. It wasn't long before Carmella had a climax of her own. She laid her head on Anita's belly and felt the waves of pleasure as her pussy clenched around Freddie's big cock. It was a wonderful orgasm, lasting a long, long time. She slumped down on the bed, exhausted.
Freddie was close to having an orgasm himself, but he pulled out of Carmella and tried to relax. He knew he had to do his share of the work, and satisfying two women was a big job. He'd given Carmella an orgasm; now it was Anita's turn.
Both women were moving slowly. They'd just climaxed, and moving took a little more energy than they had at the moment. Freddie laid Carmella back on the bed, spread her legs, and put Anita in position to go down on her. "It's time for you to eat some pussy," Freddie whispered in her ear. "It's a nice, wet one."
Ordinarily, Anita might have been too nervous to go down on Carmella. But Freddie told her to do it, which meant she had no choice. Carmella's freshly-fucked pussy was soft and so moist the skin on her inner thighs were slick. Anita was a bit unsure of herself, having never eaten a pussy before, but she knew what felt good to her, so she began doing that to Carmella.
She nibbled the flesh around Carmella's pussy lips, teasing her. "Oh Mamacita," Carmella said. "That feels good."
Anita went in a little more, licking Carmella's slick folds, but avoiding contact with the little button of her clit. Carmella began moving her hips, trying to encourage Anita to give her more. Anita stuck her tongue as far inside as it would go, but Carmella had been stretched so wide by Freddie's big cock that she didn't really feel Anita's tongue.
She definitely felt it when Anita sucked her clit between her lips and began flicking her tongue back and forth across it. "Ahhhhh!" Carmella said. Anita was thrilled by the sound. It reassured her that she was giving pleasure to another woman. She kept it up, and Carmella began squirming around beneath Anita's tongue.
Freddie got behind Anita and lifted her bottom until she was on her knees. That position had worked well with Carmella, so he thought he'd try the same thing with Anita. Once again, he took his cock in his hand and ran the head up and down Anita's wet pussy. All that stimulation made it hard for Anita to concentrate on giving Carmella head, but she did her best, and it was good enough. Carmella began bucking her hips up and down, putting one hand on the back of Anita's head and pressing her mouth against her. Anita renewed her attention to Carmella's clit, and the woman squirmed beneath her.
Freddie slipped the head of his cock into Anita's pussy, moving in and out, pressing a bit deeper with every thrust. It was one of the most stimulating feelings Anita had ever experienced. Freddie was giving her pussy exactly what it needed, and going down on Carmella made the whole thing more erotic. She decided she liked having sex with women. She couldn't remember a reason why she hadn't done it before.
Carmella came first. Anita's enthusiastic attack on her pussy had done the job, pushing Carmella over the edge. She moaned loudly and bucked her hips up and down even harder. The whole thing thrilled Anita, who enjoyed her first experience giving another woman an orgasm. Freddie saw it when Carmella climaxed. It was such a beautiful and erotic sight that he realized he was going to cum himself. He couldn't delay anymore, so he slammed his cock all the way into Anita's pussy. He pounded her over and over, and finally Anita felt his cock begin throbbing. She felt the familiar warm, wet sensation she always experienced when Freddie filled her with his cum. He slammed into her each time he came, holding on to her hips so he could pound into her so deep it hurt a little.
Anita became the bridge between two people who were both having an orgasm at the same time. She felt wild. It was as if she was doing something forbidden. Taboo. It triggered her own climax, and she pushed back into Freddie's body, relishing the feeling of that big cock throbbing inside her.
At length, Freddie cock softened and slipped from inside Anita. She fell forward on the bed, lying next to Carmella. Freddie laid down on her other side. Lying between two naked, sexy people on either side of her made Anita feel special.
"That was my first time with a woman," Anita whispered to Carmella.
"You gave me your virginity?" Carmella said. "Gracias, Mamacita. That was wonderful."
It had been a long day, and all three of them fell into a deep sleep. The next morning Freddie and Carmella negotiated a price for her to be their personal tour guide for the rest of the trip, which Freddie decided to extend for a day. Carmella's fee ended up being a lot more than she'd typically earn as an escort. She took them to places most tourists never saw, found authentic restaurants not mentioned in guidebooks, and got them back to their hotel in time for spirited threesomes. After a short nap, the trio went out for another night of dancing, which was followed by another round of sex.
By the end of the trip Anita felt like a veteran of ladylove, and she had such strong feelings for Carmella she shed some tears when it was time to leave. She had a hard time remembering that she'd formerly felt no attraction to women. Freddie got her contact information so they could hire her as their "guide" the next time they traveled to the resort. They also made plans for Carmella to visit them in Palo Alto.
"I want to see you again soon," Anita told Carmella.
"I feel the same, Mamacita," Carmella said.
......................................................
The experience with Carmella made Anita wonder what would happen the next time she saw Frida. Find out in Chapter 10.