Nick celebrates his 21st Birthday.
Nick and Mimi are the central characters in the Diary of a Happy Cuckold stories. They have lived very privileged lives having been born into wealthy families. While on Holiday in Ibiza they discovered two things that crop up throughout this story; The C&B scene, a very exclusive and secretive Sex society that promotes open sexual experiences for consenting adults. It was also in Ibiza that they discovered Duroen, a highly powerful but illegal aphrodisiac.
Thursday 5th August, 2004
I was awoken by the sound of delivery guys bringing packages into the apartment. I could also hear Greta organising things.
As the fuzziness left my head I remembered that the security equipment was getting delivered today.
I untangled myself from Mimi who had managed to twist herself round me. I tried my best not to wake her. Dad and George were asleep at opposite ends of the bed
I pulled on a robe and went into the living room.
"Sorry Greta. I didn't think they would be here yet," I said.
"No worries. I was up early anyway," She replied. "There's tea in the pot."
As I went into the kitchen I heard one of the delivery guys say that everything was in but he needed a signature. Greta signed the form and thanked them as they left.
I poured two cups of tea as Greta joined me at the kitchen table.
"Happy Birthday," she said placing a small wrapped present in front of me.
"Thank you," I replied.
"Open it then," she said indicating the present.
I unwrapped the present to find a jewellery box. Inside was a pair of gold cufflinks by Aspreys of London. I knew that Aspreys was very high end and these would have cost Greta a lot of money. "These are beautiful; thank you very much," I said leaning across to kiss her.
Just as I sat back Mimi, Dad and George came into the Kitchen; they were all wearing robes.
The three of them wished me happy birthday.
Greta got them drinks.
Mimi handed me another present. When I opened it I found a tie pin that matched the cuff links that Greta had given to me.
I thanked her and gave her a hug and a kiss.
Dad passed me another jewellery box saying "Your mother told me to give you this on your 21st Birthday."
I opened it to find a man's Cartier wristwatch
"It was your grandfather's watch," Dad went on. "Her dad left it to your mum. She wanted you to have it but not until you reached an age to appreciate it."
My eyes filled up as dad gave me a big hug.
"Don't forget to insure it," the ever practical George said. "At least 25 grand."
"Wow," Greta said.
"You haven't met George have you, Greta?" I said by way of introduction. They shook hands.
"Greta, you haven't seen our clothes have you?" Dad asked.
"They're in the dryer," she replied. "When I collected them up this morning they needed a wash. They should be ready soon." Turning to Mimi she said "I didn't find any of your clothes."
Mimi actually blushed. "They got lost in transition," she said giggling
"That sounds interesting. I'll make a fresh brew and you can tell me all about it." Greta said, filling the kettle.
Greta had just finished making the tea when the maid service arrived. Greta had a quick word with them, telling them to leave the Kitchen and utility room for today.
The five of us sat round the kitchen table. It had become the hub of the apartment. Dad and George had managed to sit either side of Greta; sizing up their next prey I thought to myself.
"So tell me what went on last night."Greta said.
Dad looked at me a little apprehensively.
"Don't worry, Dad, Greta is a member of the society too. She also knows all about our lifestyle and often joins us in the odd adventure," I reassured him.
That was just about the last of my input to the conversation as Mimi, Dad and George told Greta in graphic detail about the events of the previous evening.
When they had finished Greta said "that sounds exciting. I wouldn't mind a go at slut night myself."
"I'm sure we could arrange that for you," George said.
I could tell that Greta had a hand in each of their laps.
"Your clothes should be dry by now; you'll have to help me sort them out; I don't know whose is whose" Greta said
"That was very kind of you," George said as Greta led him and Dad into the utility room.
She unloaded the clothes from the dryer; the guys sorted them out.
"Would like me to iron them for you?" Greta asked.
"No they'll be fine, but I do have a little stiffness you can take care of," Dad replied opening his robe to show Greta his half erect cock.
"Are you suffering too?" Greta asked George. He nodded
"Well I can't allow our guests to be uncomfortable," she said pushing their robes off and kneeling in front of them so she could give them a blow.
"Time for a sharp exit," I said to Mimi.
"Come fuck me in the shower," she replied.
After we'd given our normal show to the guys in the hostel we headed back to the Kitchen.
Greta was sharing the shower in the family bathroom with Dad and George.
Mimi made some fresh tea. Mimi and I sat at the table. The others joined us after about ten minutes. Dad and George were dressed; Greta was in a robe.
"That's a couple more people I'll know at you birthday dinner," Greta said to me.
"I'm sure you will get to know some more later on," Dad added.
"So how many have you invited tonight?" I asked him.
"Thirty at the very most," he replied. "What are your plans after the meal?"
"I hadn't really thought about it; what do you think, Mimi?" I replied throwing the onus on her.
"Maybe we should all come back here and have a wild orgy," she said laughing.
"That's not such a bad idea," Dad said. "The reason we are eating early is that a lot of the guests want to get away early with it being a week night."
"I was only joking," Mimi said.
"Having seen the guest list I reckon by 8 o'clock there will only be close friends and family left," George said.
"What's your point?" Dad asked.
"The chances are everyone who is left will be society members" George continued, "So why not book a private room in one of the clubs?"
"That's a great Idea," Dad said. "What do the rest of you think?"
"Does that mean we'll still have the orgy but somewhere else?" Greta asked.
"That's about the size of it," I said. "It could be exciting if we can find anywhere."
"Leave that to me," Dad said fishing his phone out his pocket and moving to the lounge.
"All sorted," Dad said coming back into the kitchen. "I've spoken to Abigail at Kensington and they have one of their larger entertaining suites available. I've booked it from nine o'clock."
"Do you think you two old men will have recovered by then," Mimi said mockingly.
George went to grab her but she slipped away and ran into the lounge. George chased after her catching her by one of the sofas. He sat on the sofa and pulled Mimi face down across his lap. Lifting her robe he gently spanked her bum.
"I think you owe me and your Uncy Benji an apology," He said laughing.
Mimi was laughing and making half hearted attempts at escape.
"What are you going to do to make it up to us?" Dad asked.
"I'm going to fuck you and everybody else to a standstill later," she replied giggling. George released her.
"Will I be able to help tonight as well?" Greta asked.
"I'm sure Mimi won't mind sharing," I replied. "Besides I'll be there as the booby prize."
We all laughed.
"We better get going," Dad said. "I need to let people know about the after party."
I showed them out.
I sat between Mimi and Greta on the couch.
"I never think of you as the booby prize," Mimi said kissing me on the cheek.
"Nor do I," Greta said, "You're always my star prize."
The girls cuddled into me. We kept our own counsel. The girls had soon dozed off; I lay my head back on the couch and soon joined them in the land of nod.
We had a light lunch with a glass of wine; the first of many alcoholic drinks today I thought to myself. The girls were in the bedroom getting ready, Greta having got her change of clothes from her apartment.
I had gone the whole hog wearing my favourite Brunello Cucinelli Suit and shirt with a pair of Gucci loafers. I thought about wearing the watch I had been given this morning but settled on my Parmigiani Chronometer. It wasn't often I showed off my wealth but if you can't flaunt it on your 21st Birthday when can you?
I rang Howard to make sure he was ok and ready to go telling we would pick him up just after four if that was ok. He said it was fine and told me he was looking forward to a rare day out.
The girls finally emerged from the bedroom. Their efforts were well rewarded; they both looked stunning.
Mimi was wearing a backless Diamante Mini Party Dress. The dress just about reached the top of her thighs but the waist high slit on the right side of the dress meant that the matching thong she was wearing was a very important part of the outfit as any exaggerated movement would put them on full display. She wore her hair piled on the top of her head so it did not spoil the view of her back that was bare dipping low to show the very top of her bum; the front showed plenty of cleavage and was cut in a way to give a slight view of the sides of her breasts.
She looked absolutely stunning. I knew every man that saw her tonight would want to fuck her and most of them probably would.
Greta, not to be outdone, wore a black blazer dress embellished with Pearls and crystal rhinestones.
It was incredibly short; any slight bending would definitely reveal her panties assuming she was wearing any. Her cleavage plunged to her belly button. She wouldn't lack admirers either.
"You both look stunning. Can't we stay in and make a porn movie?" I asked.
"Don't be selfish," Mimi responded, "you just don't want to share us with your friends and family."
"I don't think I have any choice," I said, "My Dad thinks were all one happy fuck family now."
"I'm looking forward to becoming a more active member of that fuck family and I haven't even met them all." Greta said.
"Nor have we," Mimi and I said in unison. We all started giggling.
My mobile bleeped with an incoming message. I read it."Our transport will be here in a few minutes."
When we reached the street our Limousine was waiting for us. The uniformed chauffer, who was a mountain of a man, removed his cap and introduced himself as Craig before opening the door and helping the girls into the car. He took the opportunity to give them both a good looking over.
Before I got in I checked that he knew where we were going and asked if we could make a slight diversion to pick up a friend. He nodded his head and I gave him Howard's address.
Within 20 minutes we had picked up Howard and arrived at the venue.
Craig opened the door so we could climb out of the Limo. Howard and the girls waited for me while I tipped Craig. I gave him £50.
"That's too much, sir," he stammered.
"Call me Nick," I replied. "You went out of your way to be helpful."
"Thank you sir, sorry Nick," Craig replied. "I know this is a bit impertinent but I'd like to say how beautiful your companions are. I have chauffeured many ladies of all classes in my time on this job but these two are the classiest of them all."
"And the horniest?" I asked.
"Well, that as well."
"Would you like a photo with them?"
"That would be nice."
I called the girls over and told them what Craig had said about them.
"It's a shame you weren't taking us home," Mimi said, "I think we could make sweet music together."
Taking Craig's phone I got the three of them to pose. The girls curled a leg round Craig's legs showing maximum thighs and a hint of their panties. Craig had his huge arms around them slipping his hand inside Mimi's halter to cup her breast. I fired of a few shots and handed his phone back.
"Have you got a calling card?" Greta asked, running her finger down his jacket. "You never know when a girl might need a man of your obvious qualities."
He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a couple of cards.
"My personal details are on the back," he said handing a card to Greta. She stood on tiptoe and kissed his cheek
"I'll take that one," Mimi said pulling the other card from his grip. "Your hand felt nice.
Mimi kissed him on the cheek as his face went crimson.
We walked towards the venue.
"I think you've just made his weekend," Howard said chuckling
We were early but a few had arrived before us including Danny and his friend Phil. After all the introductions I suggested the girls and Howard sit with Danny and Phil why I did the meet and greet. Mimi insisted on staying with me.
We walked over to another couple of early arrivals; Mimi's mum's neighbours, Abigail and James.
James stood as he saw us approaching.
"You look stunning," he said to Mimi kissing the back of her hand.
"Thank you," she said demurely.
I leaned over the table and kissed Abigail on the cheek.
"It's nice to meet you again," I said.
"Likewise," she replied handing me a present. "Happy birthday, maybe we'll get to know each other better later and I can give you a present more befitting of a 21st birthday."
I guessed by the shape of the present it was another bottle of Duroen. Holding it up and looking at James, he nodded in answer to my unasked question.
"Thank you; it won't go to waste," I said smiling.
We moved to the next occupied table. I recognised my Aunt and cousin. I hadn't seen them since our wedding day and I couldn't remember their names. Mimi recognised my predicament and stepped in.
"Hello Aunt Sheila it's lovely to see you again," she said kissing her on the cheek. Pulling my cousin from her seat she hugged her saying "Lauren you look fabulous."
She was right. In the three years since our wedding Lauren had blossomed from a gawky 16 years old to a stunning 19.
I thanked them for coming all the way down from Liverpool and kissed them both on the cheek.
I noticed they had no drinks. I called one of the waiters over.
Handing him the bottle of Duroen I asked him to put it with the other presents and to ensure the ladies got a drink and to ensure they were looked after as special guests. My aunt blushed slightly and thanked me before ordering large Bacardi's and coke for her and her daughter.
I said we would see them later and moved on to the next table.
"You dug me out of a hole there," I whispered to Mimi. She nodded and laughed.
As we approached the next table the two occupants stood and shook our hands. Both men were in their forties, I guessed. They looked vaguely familiar.
"Happy Birthday, Nick," the older of the two said. "I'm John and this is Steve; we're friends and business associates of your father."
"I think we've met before but I can't place when," I said honestly. They both grinned.
"You look stunning, Mimi, as expected" Steve said.
"Thank you," Mimi replied, "But you have the advantage."
"We should be upset you don't remember us," John said. He and Steve were still grinning like Cheshire cats.
"Well you weren't concentrating on faces when we last met," Steve added.
The penny dropped and I started grinning too.
"What?" Mimi said perplexed.
"I think you met them last night," I said trying not to laugh out loud.
"Oh," she said as she realised they had been at slut night.
"Did you enjoy it?" she asked.
"I did," Steve said. "i went to the well three times. I haven't managed that for a while. You're one horny lady."
"Hopefully we can renew acquaintances at the after party later," John added. "As hot as you look in that dress I'd like to see you without it."
Mimi gave them both a kiss and whispered to them. "I promise I'll blow you both as long as you promise to DP me."
"I'm sure we can manage that," Steve said.
"We'll see you later," I said shaking their hands, "we have to mingle."
The place was filling up. I spotted Belinda, the CEO of my property business, standing with Dad and George.
"I'm going to sit with Greta for a while if you don't mind," Mimi said leaving me to greet a few more people.
"Hello Belinda, I see you've had the pleasure of meeting my Dad and George." I said giving her a hug and kiss.
"We've been good friends for a long time," she replied. I looked surprised.
"Belinda is a fellow member of the society," Dad informed me.
"Hopefully, we can get to know each other at the party later," Belinda said holding my arm.
I didn't know what to say but was saved by a tap on my shoulder.
I excused myself to Belinda and turned to see Mimi's mum Kaz. Mel, from Ibiza, was stood with her with another woman. Before I could say anything Kaz asked where Mimi was. I pointed across the room. She said she'd catch up with me later and strode off toward Mimi's table.
"Did you come all the way from Ibiza just for my party," I asked giving Mel a warm embrace.
"And to renew some old acquaintances," she said. "This is Vera, another founder member of the society." I went to shake her hand but she leaned toward me and offered her cheek for a kiss.
Mel gave me a quick rundown on our mutual friends in Ibiza.
"Will you be coming to the after party later?" I asked her.
"Probably not," Mel replied. "Vera and I have a lot of catching up to do."
More people arrived and I mingled for a while until Mimi came over and guided me to a quiet corner. I could tell she was upset about something.
"My dad's not coming," she blurted out. "Mum caught him with another woman in their bed when she returned early from a business trip. She's thrown him out." She burst into tears.
I hugged here to me and let her cry.
"From what your mother told us last time we were at hers, I'm surprised it hasn't happen sooner," I said trying to console her.
"I know he's a horrible pig but he's still my father" she said sniffling. I held her as she calmed down.
"I'm sure you will still get to see him," I said, hoping she wouldn't want to.
"I want to see him at least once so I can slap his face," She said with venom. That seemed to channel her anger at him.
"Come on," she said. "We have a birthday to celebrate. Let's get drunk and have a ball."
I gave her another long kiss before she went off to the washroom to wash her face and touch up her makeup.
My father sidled over. "I guess Kaz has told her that she has split up with Aaron." He said quietly nodding toward Mimi as she made her way across the room.
"You knew?" I asked.
"Of course; it happened last week. I think it's pretty final this time," he replied."Don't let it spoil your night. He was a twat and they're both better off without him."
I was shocked at his use of the T word. He put his arm round my shoulder and led me over to where he had been standing with George.
Mimi rejoined us just as the Master of Ceremonies asked everyone to take their places in the dining room.
The food was excellent and the wine flowed freely. My father made a short speech raising a toast to me. I stammered an awkward thank you speech in response.
Mimi was having an animated conversation with her mother. I guessed the topic of conversation. She was also keeping the wine waiters busy as she drained glass after glass.
After the meal was finished everyone moved back to the reception area.
My solicitor pulled me to one side.
"These are the documents I need you to sign waiving your rights to a share in your father's business," he said
He spread some papers in front of me. Now was not the time to study them but I knew everything would be in order so I just signed where he indicated. He collected everything together.
"I'll get out of your way," he said shaking my hand. "I've put a present for you with the rest over there," indicating a large pile of gifts.
"That's good of you, thank you," I replied.
"It's not from me," he said cryptically as he left the room.
Dad and George joined me.
"It's all official now. I've just signed away my inheritance," I said to them laughing.
"Only a very small part of it," Dad replied. "You could buy me out a hundred times over if you wish."
I looked at him quizzically.
"I don't think you realise just how wealthy you are," he went on. "When you factor in Mimi's wealth as well you two could be one of the most influential couples in the western world if you choose to be"
"You exaggerate," I replied laughing.
"Believe me he doesn't," George added.
"Far too serious a topic for tonight," Dad said, "let's enjoy the rest of the evening."
"I'm looking forward to dancing with the richest woman in London," George said chuckling.
"I'm sure it's more than a dance you want," I joked.
"I'm too much of a gentleman to say what I really want," he replied.
"I have to say a few goodbyes. If I don't see you before I'll see you later at the after party." I said heading toward the group standing with Mimi and Greta.
Standing with them was Howard, Danny, Phil plus James and Abigail.
James handed me a glass and topped it up from an open bottle he was carrying. He topped up Mimi and Greta's glass too. I knew what was in the glass before I drank it. I thanked him and knocked half of it back. I don't know how much Duroen the girls had drunk but they both had that bright eyed 'come and fuck me' look on their faces.
Abigail was flirting overtly with Danny and Phil. She looked like she wanted to fuck them there and then but I guessed that would come later.
I told them that I needed to take all the presents home and asked Danny to look after Howard and the girls and get them to the party safely.
"I think I'd better go home too," Howard said, "can you give me a lift?"
"I can give you a lift," Danny said. "The wagon is big enough for all of us and we'll all get to the party at the same time." James and Abigail declined but I thanked him and asked his to meet me at the present table in ten minutes.
I caught my Aunt and cousin just as they were about to leave. We said our goodbyes as they left to get their train.
I spoke with Kaz, Mel and Vera; Mel thanked me for the meal and told me she and Vera would be leaving soon. I gave them both a hug and wished them luck.
I asked Kaz if anything was wrong.
"Nothing that a good stiff cock won't put right later," she said.
I asked her if she wanted a lift but she said she would go with my dad and George.
I asked one of the staff if they could provide some bags to pack the presents in; soon everything was bagged up ready to go.
We were soon on our way. Danny and Phil sat upfront while I was in the back with Howard and the girls.
I could tell the Duroen effect was taking hold of the girls. Greta had already got Howard's cock out as they took turns rubbing his cock.
"This is the place isn't it?" Danny shouted through from the front. We were stopped at the entrance to our underground car park. I passed him my entrance fob.
The girls were now on their knees either side of Howard and had progressed from hand jobs to blow jobs. Howard had his head back and his eyes shut.
We pulled to a stop next to the lifts. Danny and Phil had got out and opened the side door. They both looked at Howard and the girls, then at me and shrugged. I just smiled.
"It'll take me a while to put all this lot away," I said pointing at the bags. "You can come up for a drink if you like."
"I'm happy here," Howard croaked "You take as long as you need."
"I bet you are you lucky old bastard," Phil said.
"We better stay down here and help Howie look after the girls," Danny said. "We can't have them getting frustrated this early in the evening."
I laughed and hauled the bags out of the wagon. Mimi stopped sucking Howard long enough to ask me to bring her and Greta's tote bags down.
"See you soon. Enjoy yourself." I said heading to the lift.
It took me 20 minutes to secure all the presents and my watch; I didn't want to risk losing it later. I decided to change into jeans and a polo shirt. It was nearly 9 o'clock as I got the lift back to the car park.
The wagon was rocking on its suspension as I exited the lift. As I got level with the door I could see that Mimi was on all fours, naked but for her shoes, as Danny and Phil spit roasted her. Greta had kept her dress on but it was completely open at the front. She was astride Howard riding his cock.
They hadn't heard my approach or chose to ignore me. I took my phone out and switched it to video and started filming the scene in front of me.
Danny and Phil swapped positions. Danny looked at me and gave me a smile and a wink as if fucking someone's wife while their husband filmed it was an everyday occurrence. I laughed and waved back.
I heard Howard say through gritted teeth, "Now Greta, now." Greta jumped off his lap and knelt in front of just in time to get her face covered with his come. For a man his age he still delivered a good amount of semen as Greta struggled to stop his jizz dripping on to her dress.
"I'm going to fuck your arse now," Danny said to Mimi pulling his cock out of her pussy and immediately pushing it up her anus. Mimi came almost immediately soaking the floor of the wagon.
Phil, who I had only met a couple of hours before and hardly spoken to, pushed his cock deep into Mimi's throat. "Take that bitch," he shouted as he shot his come deep into her mouth.
Danny was pounding Mimi's arse and soon came deep inside her.
Mimi slumped to the floor lying in the pool of her juices.
After everyone had recovered Phil retrieved a couple of rolls of kitchen paper from a locker under one of the seats, giving them to the girls to clean up.
"I can't leave you alone for five minutes," I said laughing.
"We had to warm up for later," Mimi replied
"I was just giving Howard his night cap," Greta added.
"I need my meds," Howard said deadpan tucking his cock back in his trousers. We all burst out laughing.
Mimi pulled her dress on. Picking up her panties she moved in front of Phil and pushed them into his mouth.
"Take that bitch," she said mimicking his voice from earlier. "You can give them back to me later."
Phil pulled them out of his mouth and stretched them over his face like a mask and took a couple of deep breaths. "I didn't realise we were that close to the sea," he said ducking away from Mimi as she tried to cuff him round the ear.
We were all still laughing as we set off to take Howard home and head for the party.
When we arrived at the Kensington branch the party was in full swing. We were guided to the changing room having been told it was a Yukata party. Mimi explained that a Yukata was a Japanese bathrobe. There was only one large changing room so the four of us changed together before entering the main party area.
We were met by my Dad, George and Kaz as we entered. Kaz took Mimi by the arm and whisked her away; I guess they still had plenty to talk about.
Phil led Greta further into the room.
"I never thanked you properly for handing over your share of the business," my dad said. "Me, George and Danny will ensure it will do well albeit on a much reduced scale."
George and Danny nodded their agreement.
"Just make sure you enjoy the proceeds," I said smiling.
"You enjoy the rest of your birthday," Dad said. "James has mixed a special punch so I guess everyone will be up for a good time."
"Me and Ben are going to find your friend Greta," George said, "she said she wanted to see us."
"I'll join you in a minute," Danny said as they walked off.
"I'm sorry about earlier," he said to me, "but when a woman like Mimi asks you to fuck her it's impossible to refuse." I laughed and put my arm round his shoulder.
"Mimi just loves cock; she can't help herself," I replied. "If I tried to stop her she'd divorce me. Besides I know I couldn't satisfy her on my own and I enjoy watching her with other men. Come on let's get a drink."
As we walked through the room it was obvious that there were more people in attendance than had been at the meal earlier. I mentioned this to Danny and he agreed saying that Rod had probably invited a few more.
I got a glass of punch. It was heavily laced with rum but there was no mistaking the taste of Duroen.
"Everybody will be fucking each other's brains out later," I said jokingly.
"It's already started," Danny said pointing toward an alcove to our right. Greta was on her knees blowing Phil, Dad and George in turn. "Do you mind if I join them."
"I'll see you later," I said slapping him on the back.
I stood drinking my punch and taking in the surroundings. Mimi was on the dance floor providing the meat in the sandwich between James and a guy I didn't recognise. Mimi's robe was already open. James was stroking her pussy while the guy behind had reach round and was massaging her breasts. Two more guys, John and Steve from Slut Night, were in close attendance but were only watching at this stage.
Kat was also dancing with another guy I didn't know. She had her hand inside his robe; he was fondling her breasts.
I noticed five doors along the far wall. They had lights above them one of which was glowing red. There were three more doors opposite. I guessed the five rooms were for entertaining if you wanted a little more privacy and that the other three rooms would be viewing rooms. This mirrored the layout of the main room downstairs. I checked with one of the waiters and he confirmed that I was right.
I went to the bar to get myself a Brandy. There weren't many getting drinks at the bar but there was a steady flow of takers at the punch bowl.
When I looked back to the dance floor Mimi and her four admirers had disappeared. I did notice another of the entertaining rooms also had the light on above the door indicating that it was occupied. I assumed that was where Mimi probably was.
"There's only one way to find out," I thought to myself knocking back the brandy and walking toward the viewing booths.
I settled at the desk and turned on the equipment. The first room I selected showed James' wife Abigail being entertained by four guys. I lingered a while to admire Abigail's body which was remarkable for a woman nearer to fifty than forty.
I moved on to the next room just in time to hear Mimi screaming at James.
"Fuck my slutty pussy. Push it deeper. Make me come on your cock," Mimi pleaded.
James sped up his efforts. Mimi must have been enjoying some stimulation before I started watching as she was already close. James reached below her and pushed a finger up her arse. That sent Mimi over the top and her juices ran out of her.
Mimi must have been able to sense that James was about to come.
"Let me taste your come," Mimi urged. He pulled out, moved up the bed ejaculating on her face and into her mouth. The close up shot could only be achieved by someone using a hand held camera.
She pulled James to her so she could suck his cock to release the last of his cum and clean her juices from his wilting erection.
James rolled off of the bed and pulled his robe on. The three guys who had been on the dance floor with Mimi climbed on to the bed.
Mimi wasted no time pushing one of them onto his back and sucking his cock to get him fully erect. As soon as she had achieved her aim she straddled him and lowered herself onto his cock.
The booth door opened and closed behind me. Belinda, my housing manager, took a seat beside me and placed a glass of punch in front of me.
"I thought you might be thirsty. I hope I'm not interrupting," She said placing her hand on my thigh. My semi erect cock was in full view
I thanked her and took a long swallow on the punch.
We both looked back at the screen just as the second guy pushed his cock into Mimi's anus. She squealed. The third guy positioned himself so that Mimi could blow him. She did so eagerly.
"You really get turned on watching Mimi having sex with other men," Belinda asked moving her hand to my cock.
"Is it that obvious," I said smiling.
"How many men do you think you've shared Mimi with?" she asked.
"We haven't kept count but it is well over a hundred; probably closer to two hundred," I answered as honestly as I could.
The effects of watching Mimi in action added to Belinda stroking my cock had made it fully erect.
"How many women have you had in that time"
"Only three beside Mimi and they have always been in threesomes with her included."
"Wow, I'm amazed there haven't been more," Belinda said sounding genuinely shocked.
"I and Mimi have an incredible sex life. I often join in the gangbangs and moresomes that I encourage Mimi to take part in."
"So the pair of you have never been unfaithful to each other." I shook my head watching the screen as more men replaced those on the bed with Mimi.
"Can I try to be the first?" she said going down on my cock.
I tried to resist but her administrations and the effect of the Duroen was too much and we were soon fucking each other as if the end of the world was coming. This was no love making it was pure carnal lust. Even so I was pleased that she came several times before I came deep in her pussy.
I sat back on the seat and looked at the screen. Mimi was now blindfolded and was being double penetrated by George and my Dad.
"I think you need to get in there," Belinda said. "Let me get you ready."
She went down on me cleaning our combined juices from my cock. When I was fully erect again she told me to go and make love to my wife.
When I got to the entertaining room Dad and George were stood watching Danny and Phil double team a still blindfolded Mimi. I told them Belinda was in need of help in the viewing room. They thanked me and headed out.
I signalled to Phil, who was fucking Mimi's arse that I wanted to take his place. He moved away. I climbed onto the bed and pushed my cock into her gaping arse; the love making could come later. Her anus was well lubricated by the come of the guys who had already been there.
"I recognise that cock," Mimi said. "I thought you were never going to make it, birthday boy."
Before she could continue the conversation George pushed his cock down her throat.
The three of us gave Mimi what she wanted. Phil soon pulled out of her mouth and came on her face.
Mimi had another squirting climax as I filled her arse with my come. She rolled off of Danny and demanded that he came on her face. He duly obliged adding his come to that of Phil. If there is anything more pornographic than a woman's face covered in semen I have yet to see it.
Danny and Phil left us alone. I passed her a towel to clean the worse of the spunk off of her face.
"So how many women have you fucked tonight?" she asked.
"Only two including you," I replied.
"Who was the other lady?"
"Belinda."
"Was she a good fuck?"
"It could have been anybody," I replied, "It was just pure lust."
"Come on," she said, "you need to fuck some more women on your birthday."
Mimi encouraged me to fuck all the women we met. Fuelled by the Duroen I had an almost continuous erection. By the time we left I had fucked her mum, Abigail, Greta and some woman I didn't even know.
Greta had been getting on famously with Danny and Phil so it was no surprise when they offered us a lift home as they were staying at hers for the night.
That was an exciting night," Mimi said as we enjoyed a shower together.
"We've got a full weekend of similar activities to look forward to. I hope you're up to it," I said jokily.
"I'm always up for it," she replied, "but a little more practice never hurts."
We made love in the shower and again in bed.
"It was an eventful birthday," I thought to myself as we drifted off to sleep.
Friday 6th August, 2004
We were packed and on our way to our weekend of debauchery in Berkshire by 11 o'clock. Raul and his partner Jason had arrived at the apartment earlier. We had left them in Greta's capable hands as they commenced installing the security cameras.
It took us an hour to reach our destination. The building was impressive. It looked like a country manor house which it probably had been in earlier times. We booked in and were shown to our suite. It was very plush and consisted of a lounge area, the bedroom and a wet room bathroom. The whirlpool bath could accommodate four or five people easily.
We had just finished unpacking when Mimi's phone rang; it was her mum.
They arranged for us to meet up in the coffee shop in fifteen minutes. Kaz told us to wear the bathrobes provided.
I noticed on the way to the coffee shop that there were a lot more women attending compared to other society events we had been to. This was confirmed as we joined Kaz at her table. There were a lot of couples here; there were still groups of men who may or may not have brought partners with them.
Needless to say Mimi and Kaz discussed the wayward Aaron over a light lunch. He (Mimi's dad) was now living in the family's seaside home on the Norfolk coast. Having spent a few childhood holidays there he certainly wasn't living in poverty.
While the women were talking I thought about events of the previous evening. With Mimi's blessing and encouragement I had fucked more women than I had in my life up until then. Even though I was happy to share Mimi with any amount of men I had always felt the need to be faithful to her. Last night had proved to me that I could enjoy fucking other women without becoming emotionally involved. That realisation was to prove pivotal to our relationship going forward.
Mimi pulled me out of my reverie.
"You're not listening," She said punching me in the arm.
"Sorry, what did you say?" I said guiltily.
"Mum says we should go to the spa area. It seems everyone goes there after they arrive to reacquaint with old friends," Mimi repeated.
"It's a good way to meet people and to get to know them better," Kaz added.
A tray of Duroen shots had been placed on the counter. Mimi and I helped ourselves to one as we left.
The mixed bathing pool was about 5 metres by 15 metres and around a metre deep. It could easily be used for swimming but it was already occupied by several mixed groups numbering around 30 people in total. Some had already started to get to know each other better as Kaz put it.
There were two large Jacuzzis at the far end of the pool. They too were well occupied. At the back of the spa complex was a sauna and steam room.
As we walked along the side of the pool several people waved and spoke to Kaz. She seemed to know just about everyone. That became even more evident as we approached the Jacuzzis.
"Let's get in this one," Kaz said, pointing to the closest one. "I know a few people in there."
We removed our robes and threw them into the provided laundry hamper and lowered ourselves into the Jacuzzi.
Kaz immediately hugged the woman next to us. "This is Jane," Kaz said to us by way of introduction, "This is my daughter Mimosa and her husband Nick." She stood up and we all hugged.
"I've been following your adventures on the society pages," Jane said, "I'm a little jealous."
"Take no notice of her," Kaz said smiling, "Jane loves cock and gets plenty of it." We all laughed politely. I could understand that Jane would never be without men friends as she was very striking. She was only a few inches shorter than me. Her six foot frame carried no fat and she was well toned. She had small pert breasts with long erect nipples. The thing that made her stand out was her natural ginger hair that nearly reached her waist. I knew it was natural as her well trimmed bush confirmed it. I had a semi hard on just looking at her.
Several more people came over and introduced themselves. They all knew Kaz and Jane; some of them knew Mimi and I from the website although Mimi was the main attraction.
Kaz turned to Jane. "Can you look after Nick? I want to introduce Mimosa to few more of my friends."
"Do you need looking after?" Jane asked as Kaz led Mimi to the far side of the Jacuzzi.
"I think I do," I replied,
She reached into the water and squeezed my cock.
"I can help you with that," she purred taking my hand and placing it on her breast. She sat astride me and guided my cock into her. She just sat in my lap without moving which was just as well as I think I would have come straight away.
"You have a nice cock, can I taste it, please?" she asked standing up. She encouraged me to sit on the edge of the Jacuzzi. She bent at the waist and took me into her mouth. I felt a little self conscious but looking round nearly everyone was taking part in some sort of sexual act.
As she bobbed up and down on my cock a guy moved behind her and ran his finger down her spin. She stopped blowing me long enough to look over her shoulder and smiled.
"Hi, Richie, I wasn't sure if you were coming this weekend," she said.
"How could I resist," he replied stroking her pussy. Jane went down on me again while Richie positioned himself so he could take her from behind. She was very good as she deep throated me even in this position.
I looked up to see Kaz moving to the bathing pool. Mimi was still in the Jacuzzi sat between two guys who looked to be in their thirties. They were both groping her breasts. I could not see what the three of them were doing below the waterline but I had a good idea.
One of the guys said something to Mimi. She nodded. The guy who spoke climbed out of the Jacuzzi. He offered his hand to Mimi and helped her out. The second guy climbed out after them. They each put an arm round Mimi's waist. Mimi was taking it in turns to kiss them as they walked her to the Sauna and disappeared inside.
I knew what would happen in the sauna but I was more interested in what Jane was doing; it was almost like she was using her throat muscles to jerk me off. Just as I was about to come she stood up and whispered in my ear that she wanted me to come in her pussy. She turned her back to me and bent forward so she could blow Richie. I pushed my cock into her and started a slow rhythmic fuck.
I knew I wouldn't last long as she encouraged me by thrusting back onto me.
I was really close to spilling my load when Richie pulled his cock out of his mouth and covered Jane's face with his come. That was too much for me and I came deep in her pussy.
We sat back. Jane made no effort to clean the come off of her face.
"Thanks guys," she said, "I enjoyed that."
"But you didn't come," I said.
"Oh, I did," she chided me. "We're not all screamers and squirters."
We talked about our relationships. Jane explained that Richie was the closest she came to having a partner.
"I keep looking elsewhere but I keep coming back," Richie said laughing.
"I can understand why," I replied.
"I have to mix," Jane said washing the come from her face in the Jacuzzi water. "I hope we cross paths before the weekends out."
"So do I," I replied. We hugged and kissed. I couldn't help myself and groped her arse. She smiled and gave me a little wave as she and Richie moved away.
I sat back in the Jacuzzi and closed my eyes. I started thinking about what Mimi was up to. I envisioned her being spit roasted in the Sauna. My cock started hardening again.
I felt somebody climbing into the Jacuzzi next to me. I opened my eyes to see Mimi. She had the two guys in tow.
"Wake up sleepy head," she said kissing me on the cheek.
"I was just thinking about you," I said.
"This is Paul and Gary. My mum introduced me to them."I shook their hands.
"What were you thinking about?" Mimi asked.
"I was just imagining them spit roasting you," I replied, "Did you manage that men?"
"We did," Paul said. "Mimi is a horny woman."
"They DP'd me too," Mimi said. "You look like you're ready for another fuck."
She didn't wait for a reply as she straddled me and guided my now erect cock into her pussy. She rode me for a little while.
"Either of you guys want to fuck her arse again?" I asked.
Paul moved behind her and slowly pushed his cock into her anus. We set a steady rhythm.
"Her mouth's empty," I said.
Gary moved next to Mimi so that she could take his cock into her mouth. The four of us provided a good show and plenty were watching. Gary didn't last long and pulled his cock from her mouth covering her face with his jizz. Paul soon followed suit pulling his cock from her arse and coming on Mimi's back.
Mimi was still riding me. She was getting close. There was a guy stood in the Jacuzzi next to us. He was stroking his erect cock. I invited him to fuck Mimi's arse. As soon as he entered her she enjoyed a gushing orgasm. I followed suit and came deep in her pussy. I held Mimi by the hips as the stranger fucking her arse pounded her. He showed no mercy and Mimi was soon panting and moaning again.
After a few minutes he filled her arse with his come. Mimi enjoyed another body shaking orgasm.
As the stranger move away the audience applauded. Mimi collapsed into my arms as semen dripped from her Pussy and Anus.
"Come on let's go back to the room for a while," I suggested. We made our way to the lifts.
We both showered. I poured us both a glass of wine from the stock in the mini fridge. Mimi was sat on the couch wrapped in a towel. I had put on a bathrobe.
"Should I fill the bath, it would be relaxing just to have a soak?" I asked.
"That would be nice," Mimi replied. "If earlier was anything to go by a spot of relaxation would be nice."
I went through to the bathroom and started filling the bath. I refilled our wine glasses. I went to check the bath just as there was a knock on the door. Mimi answered the door while I was still in the bathroom.
"Look who's here," she called through.
When I went back to the lounge Danny was stood there.
"What are you doing here?" I asked.
"Kaz wangled us some tickets," he replied.
"Who's us?" Mimi asked.
"Me, Rod and George; they haven't arrived yet. Phil couldn't make it."
"Do you want some wine?" I asked. He nodded.
"I thought you were Teetotal," Mimi commented.
"Only if I've got to drive," he replied. "I won't be driving 'til Monday now."
I poured him a wine.
"I was wondering if you fancy a little role play game." Danny asked.
"What's involved?" I asked.
Mimi interrupted. "We were just about to bathe together. Why don't you join us and explain everything"
"As long as I'm not getting in the way," Danny replied.
The three of us took our drinks to the bathroom. Mimi dropped her towel and climbed into the bath. I shrugged off my robe and joined her. Danny sat on the edge of the bath.
"Aren't you bathing with us?" Mimi asked him. He undressed and sat at the opposite end of the bath.
"So what's this role play idea you have?" I asked him.
He explained that it involved a game of poker where Mimi would end up as the bargaining chip and basically get gangbanged by all the men in the room.
"That sounds interesting," Mimi said. "How many men will be involved?"
"Five players, one of whom will be Nick, and the dealer and arbitrator. I'll be playing that role. Sometimes the guy doing the close up filming likes to participate too." Danny replied.
"When do you want to do this?" I asked.
"I've told the other guys to be ready for 6 o'clock."
"Well, we can't disappoint them can we," Mimi said, her eyes still showing that Duroen shine. "You better give us more details."
Danny explained that there will be no real money involved only the chips distributed at the start.
"The idea is that you, Nick, will lose all your chips and offer Mimi as a prize to win back all your losses. If you lose the last hand the rest of the players get to fuck Mimi. If you win you can choose to give Mimi to them anyway," he continued.
I was beginning to get hard thinking about it. I could tell Mimi liked the idea.
"Is there any way to ensure Nick wins the last hand?" Mimi asked.
"The other four players don't know about the role play so they will be playing to win, especially knowing what the prize is. I do know how to deal off of the bottom of the deck so I could certainly tip the odds in Nick's favour. Why do you want him to win?" Danny asked.
"That way I can play the indignant wife. It would make it more realistic," she replied.
"So you're happy to do it?" Danny asked.
"I certainly am," Mimi said. I nodded in agreement
"The only problem," Mimi went on "is I haven't packed any appropriate dresses."
"That's not a problem," Danny replied. "There is a huge selection of clothes for hire from the costumiers on the ground floor. You will also be able to pick up something for tonight's party."
"What party's that," I asked.
"Apparently they always hold a party on the Friday night at these events; dancing, party games and whatever develops. Rod and George said it can be the best night of the weekend."
Although the bath was very wide Mimi had moved to sit between my legs. She reached behind her and started stroking my cock.
"Did you manage to get to the spa area earlier?" Mimi asked Danny.
"I was too busy setting up the role play," he replied.
I was massaging Mimi's breast now.
"So you haven't had a chance to warm up yet?" Mimi continued.
Danny just smiled. Mimi sunk down in the bath and stretched her leg so she could stroke Danny's cock with her foot. Once he was erect she moved back and sat on my lap, guiding my cock into her pussy.
"Let me taste your lovely black cock," Mimi said to him. Danny stood and moved down the bath. Mimi grabbed his hips and pulled him toward her. As she took him in her mouth I held Mimi's head as Danny began to slowly face fuck her. Mimi had moved one hand to her clit. Danny grabbed Mimi's head allowing me to massage her breasts again. We were setting up a nice rhythm until Mimi accidentally butted me with the back of her head.
My nose started pouring with blood. The bath water was turning crimson. Mimi and Danny were trying not to laugh as we climbed out of the bath.
Danny handed me a hand towel to staunch the flow of blood. We each pulled on a robe. Mimi led me to the couch in the lounge and sat me on the couch.
"Hold your head back," she said. I did as she suggested hanging my head over the back of the couch.
Danny got on the internal phone and asked for an ice pack to be sent to the room. When asked I heard him reply "a man would be best."
Mimi got a clean towel from the bathroom and swapped it for the bloody one I was holding to my face. The bleeding had nearly stopped.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
"I'm fine. You better finish what you started with Danny," I replied pointing at his still erect cock.
Mimi led him into the bedroom. I was watching her blowing him when the guy with the ice pack knocked on the door. I called him in.
He handed me the ice pack so I could hold it to my nose.
"Is there anything else I can do sir?" he asked
"My friend and I were supposed to be double teaming my wife until I got injured. You can take my place if you like." I replied pointing toward the bedroom.
Danny was now fucking Mimi in the missionary position. She looked up and beckoned the room service guy in. He was soon stripped off and lying on his back on the bed. Mimi knelt between his legs and went down on him while Danny took her from behind.
I watched as the two of them swapped positions spit roasting her. Mimi had several orgasms soaking the pair of them and the bed. Mimi pushed the room service guy on to his back and mounted him taking his cock into her pussy. Danny moved behind her and pushed his cock up her arse. The three of them set a frantic pace. Simultaneous orgasms are a thing of fiction but the finale was as close as it gets. The room service guy came first but Danny was only seconds behind him. As the two of them filled her with their semen Mimi enjoyed another squirting orgasm.
Once the three of them calmed down Mimi asked the guy his name. He told us it was Jason.
"Hopefully our paths will cross again," Mimi said to him.
"I hope so too but I have to get back to work now," he replied pulling his clothes on and leaving the room.
"I've been double penetrated four times already today and it's not even tea time," Mimi said laughing.
"I'm sure there will be plenty more opportunities before the weekend's out." I replied.
"There's every chance you might enjoy the same in the poker game," Danny added.
"We've still got to shower yet," Mimi said taking us both by the hand and leading us into the bathroom.
We sat in the lounge with another glass of wine each. Mimi had got her way as Danny and I double teamed her in the shower. We were both dressed while Mimi sat in her robe.
"So who are the other poker players?" I asked Danny.
"Just four guys I met in the bar earlier." He replied.
"How old are they?" Mimi asked.
"Probably in their fifties but they all looked like they kept fit," he told Mimi.
"Good. I prefer older men; they are more considerate" she continued.
"Be honest, Mimi, you just love cock," I said, dodging to miss the slap she aimed at me.
"Haven't you injured me enough for one day," I said laughing.
"Come on, let's go find my costume for the poker game," Mimi suggested. We finished our wine. Before we left the room I rang the reception and requested the maid service to clean up.
We agreed to meet Danny in the bar after we had sorted out Mimi's costume.
The outfitters were in the basement; we rang the bell and were buzzed in. The room was huge. The guy behind the counter introduced himself as Christophe and asked what we were after.
Mimi explained that she wanted a dress to wear for a poker tournament.
"Are you playing or teasing?" Christophe asked.
"I'm always teasing," Mimi replied going into full flirting mode. I couldn't blame her; he was a very good looking guy. He only stood two or three inches taller than Mimi but it was obvious he worked out. With his designer suit, well groomed black hair and olive skin I pegged him as southern European.
"Will you be following up on your teasing?" he asked.
"I always follow up," Mimi replied.
"In that case you will want something seductive but easily removed, yes?"
"That sounds about right," Mimi replied.
"Come this way" he said taking Mimi by the arm and leading her further into the cavernous room. I followed behind but may as well have not been there. He led her to an open changing area.
"What do you suggest, Christophe?" Mimi asked.
"I suggest you remove your robe so I can see what type of body I'm dressing," he replied with a slight smile on his lips. Mimi took it off and handed it to Christophe who hung it on a nearby clothes stand.
"Could you remove your panties as well, please," he asked. Mimi didn't hesitate. Christophe looked her up and down, walk round her taking in every inch of her and finally stood next to her. He placed a hand on the small of her back using his other hand to gently weigh each of her breasts. I noticed he took the opportunity to rub his thumb across each of her nipples which stiffened immediately. He ran his hand down to her taut stomach before putting his hand on her pussy. He rested his hand there while moving his other hand to caress and massage her buttocks. This made Mimi push her pussy against his other hand. He finally moved away.
"Well madam." He said, wiping his hand with a piece of paper towel.
"Call me Mimi,"
"Well Mimi, You are without doubt the most gorgeous woman I've ever had the pleasure of dressing. You have excellent posture. Your breasts and buttocks are wonderfully firm. You have excellent muscle tone, a nice sized pubic mound and a truly beautiful vagina. You really should be clean shaven. I can help you with that if you like."
I could tell Mimi wanted to fuck him there and then.
"I haven't the time now but I also need an outfit for this evening so I can come back and see you after the Poker game," Mimi gushed without adding you can fuck me then.
"Let's get you sorted for the poker game," Christophe said. "You need a dress that covers everything but hides nothing. I have just the thing, even in a choice of colours."
He disappeared into the depths of the room and returned holding two similar dresses; one in red and one in white.
"I think a bandeau mini dress would be ideal," he said holding the dresses up. "I only acquired these for this weekend so you will be the first to model them."
"Which colour do you think will suit me best?" Mimi asked.
"Most men think red is sexy but the white one would definitely look more sensual. It would suit your skin tone more and set off your beautiful black hair," he replied.
Mimi pulled the dress on over her head. Christophe helped her smooth it down. He was right; the dress did cover everything but hid nothing. It looked like it was painted on. Her breasts, bum and pubic area were clearly defined. Even the definition of her abs could be seen if anyone wanted to look at that part of her body. Mimi checked it out in the mirror. Christophe moved a second mirror so Mimi could see the back of the dress.
"Wow, I want to fuck myself looking at this! What do you think Nick?" She asked giving me a twirl.
"It is an amazingly sexy dress. Is it comfortable to wear?"
"To be honest it feels like being naked and you know I love that," she replied.
Christophe went to a large chest of drawers and came back holding a pair of thong panties.
"Normally a dress like this should be worn without underwear but as you get excited easily I think you should wear these," he said handing them to Mimi. She thanked him and pulled them on.
"We need to be going," I said. "Thanks for all your help Christophe."
"The pleasure was all mine," he replied.
"I'll see you after the game," Mimi said, giving him a lingering kiss on the lips.
As we made our way to the bar I commented on how good a costumier Christophe was.
"I hope to find out how good he is later," she replied.
As we entered the bar we stopped to look where Danny was sitting. This gave everyone the chance to see Mimi's dress. She got plenty of admiring glances from both men and women as we made our way to the table where Danny was stood waving us over. Four other guys were sat at the table.
"Here they are now," Danny said to them as we approached the table. "This is Nick and his wife Mini; Nick will be the fifth player." Turning to us he continued "This is Will, Dave, Wayne and Eddie,"
They all stood and shook hands; Mimi leaned over and kissed each of them on the cheek. They each checked Mimi out; Wayne was not subtle in the least.
I called the waitress over and ordered rum and cokes for Mimi and I; no one else wanted another drink. Mimi also asked for a shot of Duroen. I asked if everyone was ok with Mimi attending the game. No one objected.
"I may as well run through the rules of the game," Danny said. He spent five minutes explaining limits, blinds, breaks and the like. I had a basic understanding of the game but most of it went over my head.
"If we're all ready we may as well get started," he finished.
We took our drinks and followed him to a room off of a side corridor.
The room was furnished with a casino style poker table. There was also a sideboard on which there were myriad liquor bottles and clean glasses. I noticed three strategically placed fixed cameras while a guy was busying himself getting his hand held camera ready.
"This is Keith," Danny told us. "He will be filming proceedings just in case there are any disputes."
We all nodded.
"Gentlemen, if you all take your seats we'll get started," he continued.
The first hands saw the chips moving make and forth between the five of us with no one establishing a lead. Mimi served drinks as we asked for them. I made a point of squeezing her arse when she moved close to me. She next served Wayne with a drink and as she stood between him and Eddie he placed his hand on her bum.
"That's one nice firm arse you have lady," Wayne said stroking her cheek. When she didn't move away and I didn't object Eddie moved his hand to stroke her other cheek. After 30 seconds or so Mimi moved away but the pattern had been set.
As the game continued Mimi was getting groped between deals almost constantly. She was playing along allowing the hem of her dress to ride up her thighs.
I was beginning to lose steadily now as I folded good cards and bet on poor ones. We'd been playing for about thirty minutes when Danny said we should take a short break. He went to the toilet.
We all stood to stretch our legs. I moved next to Mimi and, whispering, asked if she was enjoying herself. She told me she was really excited.
"Do you want to move it up a notch," I whispered again. She nodded.
I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply. I moved behind her, put my arms round her and fondled her breasts.
"If you think her arse is nice, you should have a feel of her boobs," I said to the four of them. I let her go. I was going to push her toward them but I didn't need to as she walked straight to them. She stood between Will and Dave and let them grope her breasts. Eddie moved behind her, pulled her dress up and fondled her bum cheeks. Wayne stood in front of her and placed his hand on her now exposed panties.
"Your panties are soaked," he said to Mimi.
"You better take them off then," Mimi replied. Wayne didn't hesitate and pushed her panties to the floor. She lifted her feet in turn so he could bend and completely remove them.
Danny returned. "Shall we resume the game, gentlemen," he suggested. We reluctantly returned to our seats. Mimi pulled her dress down.
I was still losing steadily. Mimi was getting more heavily groped with each of the guys putting their hands up her dress to touch her bare pussy at every opportunity. Inevitably I ran out of chips.
"Well played, men," I said. "That's me broke."
"I think you still have something the guys want," Danny said.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"I think he means me," Mimi said moving next to me.
"What are you suggesting?" I asked. Before Danny could answer Wayne interjected.
"I suggest we play one more hand with everyone all-in; you put your wife up. If you win you take all, if you lose we get to gangbang your wife," he said.
I looked at Mimi. She just raised her eyebrows and shrugged.
"Okay, you're on if the others agree." I said. They all nodded.
"You can ante-up with her dress," Eddie said. Mimi slowly pushed her dress to the floor. I picked it up and placed it on my lap. While the guys were watching Mimi strip I noticed Danny switching the pack; he gave me a wink.
"If I'm going to be the prize I think it only fair that I know what to expect," Mimi said. "This only continues if everyone is naked and that includes you, dealer."
Nobody argued and we were soon sat round the table naked. Mimi moved to stand next to Danny who took the opportunity to grope her arse.
"As everyone is all in I shall deal the cards face up," Danny said and started to deal. My hole cards were the ace of hearts and the king of spades. Only Dave had better cards with a pair of 8's. Danny turned over the three card flop; A, 2, 8. Dave three 8's was winning. The turn was a king. My high two pairs was still beaten by Dave's three 8's. Danny took his time turning the river as we all held our breath. He turned another king to give me a full house and the winning hand.
I handed Mimi her dress back and started dragging all the chips towards me.
"Damn," Dave said, "I thought I had you there."
"I really wanted to bang your wife," Wayne said.
"So did I," Will said gathering his clothes together to get dressed
"This seems totally unfair," Mimi said. "I got all excited at the thought of being gangbanged but you went and won."
"I'm sorry," I replied. "You know how much I love watching get fucked by other men so you go right ahead if you want."
Mimi knelt in the space beyond the desk.
"Shall we start with a blow job?" she asked as the four guys gathered round her. Danny and I took a seat at the sideboard and poured ourselves a drink.
"She really loves cock, doesn't she," Danny observed as we watched Mimi go to work on the four guys.
"I love her so much and I know I should hate seeing her with other guys but it turns me on so much," I said to him. "And I know I couldn't satisfy her on my own."
"Do you think she's a Nymphomaniac?"
"I've wondered that myself but this is not an illness in Mimi's case; she just loves it."
"She is an amazing girl," Danny said just as Wayne walked to the card table and swept the cards and chips onto the floor. He went back to Mimi and lifted her up and laid her on the table. Without any foreplay he lifted her legs over his shoulders and drove his cock into her. Mimi thrust back against him but he wasn't the great lover he thought he was and pulling out came very quickly on her stomach.
Dave took Wayne's place in Mimi's pussy. Again, he didn't last long and soon came on her stomach without giving her any pleasure. Will went the same way using her like a sex doll before adding his come to the rest on her stomach.
Eddie was much a more thoughtful lover. He moved between Mimi's legs and buried his face in her pussy.
"At last," Mimi sighed pulling his head tighter to her pussy. Eddie finger fucked her. Mimi was now enjoying herself. I heard her squeal as he pushed a finger into her anus. Mimi was building up to a climax now.
Eddie stood and slowly entered her. Unlike his friends he wanted Mimi to enjoy him fucking her. He whispered something in her ear. She crossed her legs round his waist and hooked his arms around his neck. He stood raising Mimi with him. She clung to him like a koala bear. His cock was still inside her as he walked toward us.
"I think she needs more than me," Eddie said as he moved in front of Danny. I watched as Danny stretched her anus with his fingers before pushing his cock into her arsehole. Mimi was really getting close as they got into a rhythm.
I had a raging hard on as I watched them. My excitement was tempered when Eddie reached across and grabbed my cock. I batted his hand away. I was excited but not that excited. When he reached between Mimi's legs to fondle Danny's balls things changed quickly.
Danny apologised to Mimi as he pushed her away and stood up. He grabbed Eddie by the hair.
"You'll find plenty who swing both ways this weekend but I'm not one of them," he said angrily, "get dressed and fuck off." Eddie did as he was told.
I pulled Mimi to me and kissed her deeply.
"Are you okay?" I asked.
"I will be if you two finish what that guy started," She replied sitting on my lap and guiding my cock into her. Danny was soon behind her and pushed his cock back into her anus. This time we got into the grove and before long Mimi was screaming through a very wet orgasm.
Throughout the afternoon Keith had been filming everything. His cock was tenting in his shorts.
Once she had come down Mimi knelt in front of Keith, pulled his shorts and underwear down to his knees. She gave him one of her special blow jobs. He kept filming Mimi as she brought him to his climax. She made sure he came on her face. Danny and I both jerked off and added our come to Keith's. Mimi smiled as Keith zoomed in on her come covered face and finally stopped recording.
"I should be able to make a great video from that," Keith said.
"Will it be published on the club's society web page?" Mimi asked.
"If you want it to be," Keith replied.
"Can you record something else please?" Mimi asked.
"Of course," Keith replied.
Mimi came and sat on my lap. "Just smile for the camera," she said to me. "Are you ready Keith?"
"Whenever you are," he said, starting to record again. Mimi, face still covered in come looked straight at the camera.
"Hello, Nick and Mimi here, that was our first role play video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you would like us to be in your role play videos please get in touch through the society website. We'll do whatever you want within reason."
Mimi signalled for Keith to stop filming.
"Can you add that at the end of the video?" Mimi asked.
"I certainly can but you do realise you will get inundated with offers," Keith replied.
"That's the whole point," Mimi said pulling her dress on.
Danny and I dressed. "I'll see you later," Danny said wiping Mimi's face with a handful of napkins before kissing her on the lips and making his exit.
"Come on," Mimi said, "I've got a date with the pussy barber."
We went back to the basement costumiers. Christophe buzzed us in.
"I'm sorry but I've made a bit of a mess of your dress," Mimi said to him.
"It's your dress now," he replied. "I'll get it dry cleaned for you so you can take it home. You can have the red one too."
"That's very generous of you," Mimi said.
"If you put it in that laundry hamper the dry cleaners will collect it later," Christophe said.
Mimi peeled the dress off, placed it in the hamper. She didn't bother putting her robe back on before rejoining us.
"It looks like you enjoyed the poker game," Christophe said obviously spotting the remnants of semen on Mimi's neck and in her hair.
"It could have been better but it turned out well. Do you think I would benefit from having my pussy shaved?" Mimi asked.
"I think you look beautiful but you would look even better clean shaven. What do you think Nick?" he asked me.
"When you shaved when we were in Ibiza you looked really horny," I said speaking to Mimi, "and it added to your exhibitionist tendencies. I think you should do it."
"When can you fit me in?" Mimi asked.
"Now, if you like and after I've finished I can sort you out with something to wear tonight," Christophe replied.
"That would be great," Mimi said.
"What do you suggest I should wear tonight?" I asked him.
"With a physique like yours, anything tight," he replied, "the women will love it."
"So what time will you finish with me?" Mimi asked.
"It should take around 90 minutes," he answered. I thought that was a long time but guessed more than a shave was likely.
"The pair of you could meet me in the bar around 8:45 then we can have dinner together," I suggested.
"That sounds fine," Christophe agreed.
"If you're sure, Nick," Mimi added.
I kissed her and headed for the door "Make sure she's satisfied, Christophe," I said, "I'll see you later." Mimi mouthed thank you
Christophe buzzed me out. When I got to the top of the stairs I noticed the neon sign for the costumiers was showing closed.
I was showered and changed and in the bar by 8.15. Mimi had been with Christophe for an hour all ready. I guessed what would be going on and for the first time since we had started our more open relationship I felt a little jealousy. I was sat on the bar staring at my rum and coke when my Dad clapped me on the back.
"Okay son come and join us." He said. It was more like an order than a request. I followed him to a table shared by George, Kaz and Danny.
"Where's my daughter?" Kaz asked.
"She's having her hair done," I replied laughing to myself.
"I've booked a table for eight of us for Dinner," Dad said." Abigail and James will be joining us."
"If James can drag her off of the room service guy," Kaz said cattily.
"I've already invited a friend to join Mimi and me for dinner," I told them.
"I'm sure we can add another person," George said. "I'll go and sort it out."
I sat next to Danny.
"Did you and Mimi enjoy the poker game?" he asked, lowering his voice.
"It was okay and going by what she said at the end I guess Mimi did too but we haven't had a chance to talk about it yet," I replied. "I think she would like something a little more daring; risky even."
"I'm sure you'll get plenty of offers once the video is on the site. I'll see if I can come up with any ideas for the rest of the weekend."
"All sorted for the extra place at the table," George said returning with a tray laden with drinks.
I checked my watch; it was 8.35 and still no sign of Mimi and Christophe. I swallowed my drink and was about to go find them when they walked into the bar arm in arm.
Mimi looked radiant. She was wearing an oversized man's white shirt. The sleeves had been tucked and pinned so they fell half way over her hands. Enough of the top buttons were left undone to give a hint of cleavage while the tail of the shirt came to just below her bum. The bottom buttons of the shirt was fastened but only just reached below her crotch; the front tails parted to show her magnificent legs. The side of the shirt, where the front and rear tails met, rode high on her thighs almost reaching her hips. Her hair was pulled into six bunches; she looked like a teen in her boyfriend's shirt which I guess she was.
As she reached over the table to say hello to our friends the shirt lifted enough to show enough of her newly shaved pussy to dispel any thought that she might be wearing panties. She came and sat next to me.
"You look stunning," I said, "I see Christophe looked after you."
"He really did," Mimi replied, "I'll tell you all about it later. He knows how to push my buttons."
I introduced Christophe to the rest of the table and he sat to my right.
"Sorry we were a bit late," he said, "the fitting took a bit longer than I expected."
"No need to apologise. I know that Mimi can be very distracting," I replied giving him a knowing smile.
We moved into the dining room. By accident or design the women were sat so that they had a man either side of them. I thought Kaz had a revealing outfit on, a leotard body stocking with a small 80's style rah-rah skirt, until Abigail turned up in a Mankini that left very little to the imagination. Again I marvelled at how a woman of her age could look so stunning practically naked.
As we waited for our meals Mimi whispered in my ear "look at my lovely naked pussy," pulling the shirt tails apart. The way the seats were set round the table only Christophe and I could see her display. I put my hand on her pussy and slid my finger between her labia.
"It feels great," I whispered back. She took Christophe's hand and placed it next to mine.
"Share my pussy", she said. I pushed a finger into her; Christophe followed my lead and we both slowly finger fucked her under the table. Mimi was purring. I think it was obvious to everyone else at the table that something was going on. I didn't care.
The meals arrived bringing an end to our little game.
After the meal we all went through to the concert room. I ended up sat next to Christophe as Mimi was dragged up to dance by Danny and the rest of the company drifted off to find their entertainment.
"Mimi's an incredible lady," Christophe said to me.
"I know. I'm lucky to have her as my wife," I replied as we watched Danny slide his hand under her shirt on to her arse.
"I understand why you share her after the conversations I had with her earlier today." He went on.
"Why, what did she say?"
"The thing that shone through it all was how much she loves you."
"I love her too. What else did she say,"
"She told me she was worried that she was becoming a slut. I told her that occasionally acting like a slut was exciting."
"I've really enjoyed her behaving like a slut at times," I replied. "I've watched her gangbanged by many guys, even at the poker game I enjoyed watching her being fucked by four total strangers."
We watched Mimi dancing moving between different dance partners. They all took advantage of her lack of underwear, groping her breasts and vagina. More buttons on her shirt were being unfastened.
"Did you fuck her earlier?" I asked him.
"I wanted to make love to her but she made it clear that was you prerogative; but yes we did have sex. Are you upset?"
"I'm not surprised or upset," I replied. "Mimi is a free spirit. I may be married to her but I don't own her; I don't think any man could."
We watched Mimi dancing. Her shirt was completely unbuttoned now. Her dance partners were massaging her breasts and stroking her now bald pussy.
"Don't you mind her getting molested like that?" he asked me.
"How can I? I've shared Mimi with, I don't know, probably close to 200 men but we still enjoy incredible sex."
I was pleased to see Mimi had not disappeared into any of the private rooms, not that I would have objected much if she did.
"How come you're not moving in on any of these other women tonight?" I asked him.
"It's not my scene," he replied. "Don't get me wrong I enjoy sex and I've had a few of them, including your mother-in-law, but who here is going to compare to Mimi. I can't improve on her."
"She is a great fuck," I said lightening the conversation. "Would you like to fuck her again?"
"Of course I would," he replied.
Right on cue Mimi joined us, fastening a couple of buttons on her shirt before sitting on my knee and lifting her feet onto Christophe's lap.
"How come you two haven't been dancing," she asked us.
"There was no one better to dance with," I replied.
"You wore me out earlier," Christophe said. Mimi gave him a light kick.
"Why don't we do some private dancing?" I suggested.
"What do have in mind?" Mimi asked.
"Let's get a bottle of something and go up to our room. I can have a proper look at your newly shaved pussy then," I replied.
Mimi clapped her hands with glee like a school girl. She jumped up and grabbed us both by the hand and led us to the bar. We settled on brandy. I picked up the bottle while Christophe carried the glasses and went to the lift. It was only 11.15 when we entered our room.
Christophe poured the drinks while I found a music channel on the TV. We sat on the couch. Mimi lay back against my chest and lifted her feet onto Christophe's lap.
"I still haven't seen you freshly shaved pussy properly," I said pulling the hem of her shirt up. I put my hand between her legs gently rubbing her clit before running my finger along her labia. She dropped a foot to the floor opening her pussy to give me easier access. I pushed a finger into her tight pussy. She rubbed Christophe's groin with her foot.
I undid the few fastened buttons on her shirt so I could knead her breasts. Christophe stood and undressed before burying his face into her pussy. Mimi was purring like a kitten. I eased my way from beneath her, laying her back on the couch, so I could undress.
Christophe certainly knew how to push Mimi's buttons. She was squirming as he sucked her clit. I stood and watched as he started finger fucking her pussy.
Mimi was pushing up to his fingers, arching her back as she moved close to her orgasm. Christophe stopped going down on her and pulled his fingers away from her. She looked disappointed until he pushed her legs to her chest. Mimi was almost folded in half, her pussy pointing toward the ceiling. Christophe stood over her and drove his cock into her. She came immediately. He pistoned into her; I watched as he eventually came deep inside her.
Watching them had really turned me on. My cock was as hard as it had ever been. Mimi pushed me back on the couch and straddled me. Christophe's come was leaking from her as she lowered herself onto my cock. She rode me like a dervish and I soon added my semen to Christophe's.
We sat back on the couch. Our jizz was running from Mimi's pussy; she caught some of it with her fingers and put her hand to lips, licking them clean. I don't know what effect that had on Christophe but I started to get excited again.
The three of us sat back drinking the brandy.
"I better get going," Christophe said picking his clothes up from the floor. Mimi pushed him back onto the couch.
"You're going nowhere," she said. "We haven't danced yet."
"I should leave you to make love," he countered.
"I just want to fuck," Mimi said grabbing his cock.
The three of us danced to a song on the TV. Mimi was enjoying being the meat in our sandwich when there was a light knock on the door.
"Who the fuck can that be," I said.
"Only one way to find out," Mimi said walking to the door.
She opened the door to find Keith, the cameraman from the poker game, stood in the corridor. He didn't bat an eyelid that Mimi was stark naked but then he had seen her in full slut mode earlier in the day.
"I hope I'm not disturbing you," he said. "I know it's late but I've just finished editing the recordings from the poker game. It's turned out rather well so I thought you might like to watch it."
Mimi led him into the room. Again he didn't seem fazed to see Christophe and me standing naked in the middle of the room.
"Why is so urgent that you want us to watch it now?" Mimi asked him.
"If you approve I want to show it on one of the in-house TV channels over the weekend," he explained.
"What's the run time?" I asked.
"42 minutes," He replied.
"Okay, you set your gear up and I'll find another glass," I said to him. I found one in the bathroom. I filled it and handed it to Keith taking the opportunity to top up the rest of us.
"Shall I play it now?" he asked.
"You need to be naked like us," Mimi said smiling. Keith took the hint and stripped off.
We settled sown to watch the show. Mimi sat on the couch between Keith and Christophe while I sat on the floor with my back to the couch between Mimi's open legs.
Keith had done a very good job on the opening credits. He had called the film "THE POKER GAME"
With a sub-title "losing isn't always bad". The second credits page just said "Starring MIMI & NICK"
And at the bottom of the screen in much smaller print "A Keith Hennessy production". He'd also added a short piece of music to the soundtrack.
Knowing the content I concentrated on the recording and was pleased with the quality.
It became difficult to concentrate fully as Mimi moved forward on the couch hooking her legs over my shoulders. I could feel the warmth and the dampness of her now hairless pussy on the back of my neck. A sideways glance in both directions showed me she was stroking Christophe and Keith's cocks.
Although I couldn't see, the movement of the couch behind me was evidence enough that one or both of them were groping Mimi. A hand moved down to Mimi's pussy; it must have been Christophe's going by the direction of approach. I moved my head forward to give him better access. When I felt a second hand behind my neck I thought it was time to move out of the way completely.
Moving Mimi's legs off of my shoulders I retrieved my drink from the coffee table and moved to the armchair; this afforded me a view of the screen and allowed me to see how things developed on the couch.
I have to admit that Keith had done a great job with the recording but, as usual, Mimi took centre stage as she moved up to kneel on the couch so she could go down on Keith. Christophe finger fucked her while still watching the end of the recording. He couldn't resist Mimi's position and kneeling behind her took her from behind, pushing his cock into her pussy.
As the recording drew to an end Keith had done well to edit out the confrontation between Eddie and Danny. He also managed to highlight Mimi's request about role playing. I was impressed.
The end of the recording didn't mark the end of the action of the couch. Mimi was really enjoying the attentions of both of our new friends.
Christophe obviously enjoyed watching the video as he soon pulled out and shot his copious load on Mimi's back.
Mimi obviously wanted more cock and moved to sit on Keith's lap, guiding his cock into her pussy. She was trying hard to get herself off before Keith came but he pushed her away and came on her stomach. She didn't show her disappointment as she went down on him, cleaning their mixed juices off of his cock.
The three of them settled back on the couch, Mimi leaning back into Christophe.
"That was a good recording," Mimi said
"Classy pornography, "Christophe added.
"Are you happy if I put it on the in-house Movie channels?" Keith asked.
"That would be nice," Mimi said. "I need a shower."
She went to the bathroom. Christophe followed her.
"You did a good job with the poker game Video," I said to Keith.
"Thanks," he replied. "Mimi is a sensuous lady. Who wouldn't love her?"
"I know what you mean. Everybody does."
"I'd like to record your weekend so I could make a documentary about the most desirable couple in the society."
"I'm not sure you're right but I know Mimi would love taking part in something like that."
Keith handed me a card and asked me to contact him if we wanted him to record our adventures.
He collected up his equipment; I shook his hand as he left the room.
I walked to the bathroom door. Mimi and Christophe were under the shower. Things had moved on from a quick fuck and had definitely become love making. I wasn't too upset as I'd witnessed it a few times in the past. I was welcomed as I joined them. The three of us enjoyed a sensuous experience before drying off and moving to the bedroom.
We shared Mimi for the rest of the night. Even when we double penetrated her it was done lovingly. That may sound hollow but the two of us made love to her until we all fell asleep.
Saturday 7th August, 2004
I was woken by the movement of the bed as Mimi gently rode Christophe. When she realised I was awake she reached over and stroked my cock. She climbed off of Christophe's cock and kissed her way down his chest before taking his cock in her mouth. I moved behind her and gently entered her from behind. I reached round and rubbed her clit. Christophe was massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples.
As I picked up the pace Mimi began to gently shake as she moved toward her first orgasm of the day.
Christophe was also close and soon came in Mimi's mouth; she swallowed the lot. I started really pounding her now and she climaxed covering me with her juices. That sent me over the edge and I came deep in her pussy.
When we had all calmed down Christophe asked if he could use the shower. While he was getting ready I called room service and ordered a pot of tea and coffee and chocolate croissants.
Mimi was still in bed when the food and drinks arrived
I leaned against the bedroom door frame.
"Come on girl. Come and get some sustenance. You'll need it if you intend carrying on like that all day," I said laughing. She threw a pillow at me but climbed off of the bed and pulled on a robe. We sat on the couch. I poured us both teas. Christophe came from the bathroom fully dressed and joined us; I poured him a coffee.
"No repeat performances then," Mimi said pouting.
"Not this morning," Christophe replied. "I have a busy day with the fancy dress party tonight."
"Fancy dress party?" I asked.
Christophe explained that Saturday evening's entertainment was a fancy dress party.
"Most people bring their own costumes but some come to me for their outfits," he explained.
"We'll have to as well," I said.
"That's not a problem," Christophe replied. "Dinner's at seven o'clock tonight so if you come down around six o'clock I can sort you something out."
"What are you going as?" Mimi asked him.
"I don't bother; it all gets a bit wild sometimes. It gives me a chance to catch up on my paperwork. Anyway I better get going," he replied downing his coffee
"We'll see you at six," Mimi said standing to give him a kiss. I shook his hand. He waved as he shut the door behind him.
"You're quite smitten with Christophe, aren't you?" I asked Mimi in between bites of croissant.
"He doesn't judge and he is a very gentle lover," she replied.
"I have to admit that I like the guy too. So what happened while he was shaving your pussy?"
"Run the bath and I'll tell you all about it."
"OK but promise me you won't head butt me today."
After we'd finished our impromptu breakfast we went through to the bathroom. We settled in the bath and I turned on the whirlpool jets and poured some scented oil into the water. Mimi sat between my legs as she had yesterday.
"So how did the Italian Stallion seduce you?" I asked.
"What makes you think he did?"
"He told me he fucked you while we talking after dinner. You were being groped by your numerous dance partners at the time." I moved my hands to gently caress her breasts.
"After you left us he showed me through to his apartment. It was quite big and had a large wet room bathroom. He asked me if he could join me in the shower so he could wash away the remnants of the poker game from my hair and neck. Of course I said yes. He stripped off and led me under the shower. He washed my hair and body; all of it. I so much wanted him to fuck me then but he didn't.
We helped each other dry off and pulled on some clean robes.
He asked me if I wanted him to shave me. Again, I said yes. In the corner of the bathroom was a barber's chair fitted with stirrups as you would see on a gynaecologist's chair.It was obvious from the equipment that he had done this before. I asked him if he did this regularly."
"Not regularly," he replied, "but enough times so you can feel safe."
"He moved the chair into the middle of the bathroom and invited me to remove my gown to sit down," Mimi continued. "He lifted my legs on to the stirrups and ran his hand through my pubes. I nearly came just with his touch.
He told me I have a beautiful pussy; using a pair of hair clippers he trimmed away the majority of my pubes. The vibration of the clippers was enough to get my juices running."
I had been massaging Mimi's breasts as she told me the story. I dipped my hand into the water to stroke her pussy. She was wetter than the bath water alone contributed.
"It feels like you were enjoying yourself," I said to her.
"If I'm honest I wanted him to fuck me stupid. It was pure lust."
"So how did it develop?"
"I was a little worried when he started stropping a straight razor but he read my fears and told me he was an expert barber. He lathered my vagina with shaving cream. I twitched slightly as he ran the shaving brush along my lips. He told me I have to stay still if I wanted him to shave me. I promised I would. He started shaving me. It was amazingly erotic as he shaved me completely, stretching my labia so he could remove any traces of hair.
He told me I could relax now as he brought the shower head to rinse away any remaining shaving cream. He played the shower jet onto my clit. I bucked in the seat. He told me he was going to treat the shaved areas with some essential oils to stop any redness.
He massaged the oils into my pubic area and then moved to my pussy lips. I was pushing myself up against his hand when he pushed a finger into me. I came immediately.
He moved between my legs and pushed his hard cock into me. I told him to fuck me hard and he did.
I came again just before he filled my pussy with his come."
"Sounds like you enjoyed yourself," I said.
"I did," Mimi replied. "After that he styled my hair and asked if I would wear one of his shirts. As you know I did and we came and met you in the bar."
"Well, we had a good night last night." I said
"I won't be leaving you any time soon," she said laughing, "but I would like to fuck Christophe again."
We climbed out of the bath and pulled robes on.
I told Mimi what Keith had said about recording our adventures and making a documentary of our weekend.
"That could be interesting, what do you think?"
"He did a good job with the poker night and you seem to enjoy his cock so why not?"
"Okay. Give him a ring."
I rang him and agreed to meet him in the coffee shop.
Mimi pulled one of my basketball shirts over her head. It was long enough that she didn't need to wear panties; it did show her boob from most angles.
"You look stunning as always but why do you always wear my tops" I said.
"I can show off better in your stuff," she replied. " Let's go see what Keith has in mind."
We met Keith as planned. I noticed he had his camera equipment with him. A lot of people we didn't know were wishing us good morning and smiling. I didn't realise why until Mimi poked me in the ribs and pointed at the wall mounted TV. The Poker game video was playing. I looked up just in time to see the start of the gangbang. Mimi smiled and giggled.
"I always fancied making a porn movie," Mimi said, stifling more giggles.
"I'm glad you like it," Keith replied.
"So where is this showing?" I asked him.
"On every screen in the building, in all the rooms, all the public areas and on the society web pages. You'll get great exposure, if you pardon the pun," he answered.
The other people in the coffee shop were watching the TV then looking over to check it really was us on the screen.
"What do you suggest we do today?" Mimi asked him.
"Well, as the weather's good there is a nice walking route in the grounds. It involves some light bondage and sex with strangers if you fancy that," he explained.
"That sounds good," Mimi said, "when can we go?"
"Right now if you wish," Keith replied. "There is a picnic area half way round. I can order a lunch hamper to be delivered there later."
"So do you want more strange cock, Mimi?" I asked her.
"Do I ever refuse?" she said smiling.
Keith went to reception to order the lunches. He returned carrying a small bag. As we left the coffee shop Mimi took another shot of Duroen
We walked out of the main entrance, crossed the driveway and followed a footpath through a small copse. As soon as we were out of sight of the main house Keith opened the bag revealing a blindfold and a collar and leash.
"Trust me Mimi, this will add to your enjoyment," he said fastening the collar loosely round her neck and attaching the leash which he handed to me. He then tied the blindfold round Mimi's head covering her eyes.
"I've been down this road before," Mimi said. I remembered her experience when Joe led her to a public square in Kensington.
"Are you happy for me to lead you?" I asked.
"Oh yes master. Do what you wish with me," she replied stroking my cock through my shorts.
We followed the footpath through another stand of trees until we came to a large clearing. In the centre of the clearing was a set of stocks.
"You've been a naughty girl, Mimi, haven't you?" I asked her.
"Yes I have," she replied, "I've been a dirty little slut."
"You need to be punished then," I said leading her to the stocks, unclipping the leash.
I lifted the top section and pushed Mimi head down onto the stock and placed her wrists in the other holes. I lowered the top stock and fixed it in place. I was glad to see they were well padded; I didn't want her suffering any real pain. I also took a tube of lube from Mimi's tote bag that I was carrying and placed it on the stocks.
Keith led me into the tree line.
"There is several motion cameras set up here. I'll use my zoom to get some close-ups."
"How do you know there will be anything to record?" I asked.
"Believe me Mimi will soon get punished although I'm sure she'll enjoy it," Keith replied.
Sure enough within a couple of minutes three guys came into the clearing along a different footpath.
They walked up to the stocks.
"Why are you being punished?" one of them asked her.
"Because I'm a dirty little slut," Mimi replied.
"So you like cock," the second one asked.
"I love cock," Mimi replied.
The third guy moved in front of her and dropped his trousers and underpants.
"Do you like sucking cock?"
"I love the taste of cock and semen in my mouth," Mimi replied.
"It's your lucky day then," he said as he pushed his hardening cock into her mouth.
The other two moved behind her and pushed her vest up to reveal her arse and pussy.
"The dirty slut's not wearing any panties; she needs punishing," one of them said fingering her pussy before pushing his cock into her.
"Her pussy's tight for a slut." He said as he pumped into her.
"She's a deep throater too," the guy fucking her face said.
The two of them used Mimi like the slut she wanted to be. The guy in her mouth came first.
"Swallow this load," he croaked as he filled her mouth with his come. She did.
Now her mouth was empty she said to the guy fucking her "Come on weasel dick, I've had bigger fingers." That certainly spurred him on and he soon came in her'
The third guy picked up the tube of lube.
"Do you like it up the arse slut," he asked her.
"Only if I can feel a good sized cock there," Mimi replied.
He spread the lube on her arse and used his fingers to stretch her arsehole before lubing his cock and pushing it up her arse.
"Come on you fucker, fuck my slut arse," Mimi screamed. He pounded her hard before coming deep in her arse.
"Cheers slut," he said as he and his friends disappeared into the trees.
Keith moved in to get a close up of the come dripping out of both of her holes. I was so turned on watching her getting used that I wanted to fuck her there and then but resisted the urge.
I released her from the stocks.
"Do you feel chastised?" I asked.
"You can punish me like that all day but I'd like to come soon," she replied laughing.
"You will enjoy the next stop on the walk," Keith said. "I promise you will come but maybe not as you expect."
"Lead on," she said as I clipped the leash onto her collar.
We followed the footpath through more trees until we came to a large single storey building.
The sign on the door read "Climax Clinic".
I removed Mimi's blindfold and collar. Keith knocked on the door. It was opened by a skinny beanpole of a man who was close to seven feet tall. He ushered us into a small seating area in the corner of the huge room. Two more men greeted us.
"Hello, I'm Dr Dildo and this is my colleague Professor Longprongs," he said shaking each of us by the hand. I introduced the three of us. The Doctor was a distinguished looking man who I guessed was in his early forties. The Professor grunted his greeting; he was a short squat man no taller than five foot tall of indeterminate age.
The Doctor introduced the tall gangly guy as his assistant Dick.
"I'll get straight to the point," the doctor said turning to Mimi, "When you orgasm are you a squirter?"
"I am," Mimi replied blushing slightly.
"I'm sorry for being so blunt," the doctor went on, "but it is important for me and my staff to know. Our research has shown that male and female ejaculate has rejuvenating effects of the opposite sex. I and my two colleagues are living proof of this as we have a combined age of over 300 years."
I was trying not to laugh as it was obviously a ruse so the three of them could bang Mimi.
"Are you happy to take part in our research Mimi," he asked
"Yes I would like to," Mimi replied.
"Do you mind if my students observe?" the doctor asked.
"Of course not," Mimi replied, "I am a bit of an exhibitionist; I always like an audience."
Dick went through a door and led in 16 students. They were all male and all naked. They took their places on two viewing balconies on either side of the room.
"We also require all those attending to be naked," the doctor explained. "We record all of our research projects but have no objection to you making your own recording as well."
We all stripped off. Dick gathered our clothes and placed them in a cabinet.
I could see why the professor was called Longprongs; his cock must have been 14 inches long and with at least a 3 inch girth and he wasn't even erect.
The doctor was a lot shorter, probably only about 6 inches but he made up for it with the girth; twice that of the professor.
Dick had a cock that matched his stature. It was very long but very thin; almost like an elongated finger.
"We will start by harvesting your ejaculate Mimi," the Doctor said. "Dick will cleanse you first to ensure your ejaculate will be as pure as possible."
Dick led Mimi to a Gynaecologists' chair mounted above a large stainless steel bath. Once Mimi was comfortable Dick turned on a hand held shower unit mounted next to the chair. He checked the water temperature on the back of his hand before spraying Mimi's hand. Once Mimi had confirmed the temperature was ok Dick sprayed her entire body with the water. He then poured some liquid soap along the length of her body and legs. He then lathered her up massaging her body as he soaped her.
"Sensitive breasts," he reported as Mimi's Nipples responded to his touch. "Sensitive Clitoris, sensitive Vagina and anus," he reported as he continued washing her body.
After he had soaped and cleansed her entire body he used the shower to rinse away the soap paying particular attention to Mimi's Pussy and arse.
When Dick had finished the Doctor moved next to Mimi. He ran his fingers along her pussy before spreading her labia.
"You have an almost perfect vagina," he said to her. "If I can carry out a complete cleanse of your vagina and anal cavities we'll be ready to proceed.
"What does that involve?" she asked.
"It's like an Enema," he replied. "Every woman who has helped us with our research has enjoyed it."
Mimi smiled and nodded her head in assent.
Dick placed a large container next to Mimi handing the Doctor a large glass syringe that had a phallus head instead of a needle point. The Doctor filled the syringe from the container. Dick opened Mimi's pussy with his fingers so the Doctor could insert the end of the syringe into Mimi. Mimi pushed up against syringe until she had five or six inches buried in her pussy.
The doctor pushed down on the syringe plunder. The liquid spurted out of Mimi as she writhed against the glass invader.
"Should I do that again to ensure complete cleanliness?" he asked Mimi.
"Oh yes please," she purred. He repeated the process.
Taking a second syringe with a smaller head he repeated the process twice in her anus. Mimi squealed with delight.
Once they were happy that Mimi was cleansed to their satisfaction the Professor moved between Mimi's legs.
"The professor will apply his special technique to help you orgasm, Mimi," the Doctor said. "We are practiced enough to know when a lady is about to come but feel free to let us know if you wish."
Dick stood off to one side holding a large stainless steel bowl. The Professor poked out his tongue. It's no wonder he hardly spoke. His tongue was nearly as large as his cock and must have acted like a gag. Mimi's eye's opened wide as she watched the Professor lick his eyebrows.
"Are you going to put that somewhere nice?" Mimi asked. Without answering he buried his face into her pussy. He licked from her anus to her clit before spreading her labia and pushing his oversized tongue into her He was using his tongue like most would use their cocks as he thrust his tongue in and out of her pussy. Mimi was already starting to shake.
The Doctor had moved beside her so he could caress her breasts and pinch her nipples. Mimi reached down and started stroking his cock. The Professor had switched his attention to Mimi's anus and was penetrating her arse with his tongue. Mimi was squealing and squirming as she rapidly approached her orgasm.
When she arched her back the professor moved away allowing Mimi to squirt a large arc of ejaculate. Dick, like a conjuror's assistant, moved in and caught every drop in the bowl. Whether it was for him or Mimi, the students burst into applause. He then decanted the liquid into a jar.
"Excellent, Mimi," the Doctor said. "Two more like that would be a very good harvest."
He rolled a trolley mounted box next to her opening it to reveal s selection of sex toys.
The professor was rubbing Mimi's clit keeping her at a high level of excitement. The doctor pulled out a double ended dildo. One end was a standard phallus if a little larger than life. The other end looked a little like a rattle snakes tail with eight joined spherical balls increasing in size from a small marble to a full size snooker ball; the overall length of the conjoined balls was about 6 inches.
"I'm going to prepare you for some of my toys, Mimi," the doctor said.
"If they are as good as the professor's tongue I can't wait," Mimi replied.
"I'm going to apply some oil. Not that you need it but it will increase your sensitivity and does help with lubrication," he said pouring the oil directly on to her pussy ensuring plenty ran down to her anus. Using both hands he massaged the oil into her pussy and arsehole. He used his fingers open her anus inserting one then two fingers into her. Once he was satisfied she was ready he took the rattle snake end of the dildo and rubbed it against her labia before lining it up with her arsehole.
He pushed the first two spheres into her. Mimi squealed.
"Let me know if it is too much for you," he whispered to her.
"Please let me have some more," she pleaded.
He pushed a further two spheres into her before withdrawing completely then pushing the dildo back into her up to the fifth sphere. Mimi was getting close again.
The doctor pushed the sixth and seventh sphere into her anus and started fucking her arse with the toy.
"Can you take the final sphere?" he asked Mimi. She nodded between gasps. He withdrew all but two of the spheres before ramming all eight spheres back up her arse. That was enough to send Mimi into another gushing orgasm. Dick was there again to capture every drop. Again there was another round of applause from the gallery.
The Doctor kept stroking Mimi's pussy.
"Not many ladies take all eight spheres comfortably but it seems like you like anal stimulation as much as vaginal," he said leaving the toy firmly implanted in her arse.
"I enjoy anal but I still prefer a cock in my pussy," Mimi said rather crudely.
"I'm sure you will enjoy this then," he replied.
Oiling the other end of the toy the Doctor slowly pushed into her pussy. She grunted as the large phallus pushed into her. Once it was fully inside her the Doctor fucked both her holes with the dildo. The Professor was now stood alongside Mimi. She was rubbing his now erect cock against her breasts; it was long enough that Mimi could lick the head.
The doctor picked up the pace thrusting the dildo into her orifices. Dick, bowl in one hand, leaned over Mimi and vigorously rubbed her clit. As she arched her back nearing another climax the Doctor sharply withdrew the double ended toy. That pushed Mimi to another explosive orgasm and once again Dick caught every drop as the gallery applauded again.
After Dick had emptied the bowl into the container he held it up to the light.
"335 Centilitres," he announced.
"That's very good, Mimi," the Doctor said, "a very good harvest from one session."
"There's plenty more," she said.
"It's time for your treatment now," the Doctor replied. "It's time to get your rejuvenating semen treatment. Of course we will still capture any juices you may produce but now is your treatment. I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
Dick placed a container below Mimi's pussy before moving between her legs.
"This will capture any ejaculate," the Doctor said. "It won't be as pure as that already harvested but it will still be like nectar."
Dick pushed his finger like cock into Mimi's arse. Mimi squealed as he fucked her arse and finger fucked her pussy. Mimi came again squirting her juices against Dick's stomach.
"Thank you," he said as he pulled out and came on her stomach.
Doctor Dildo replaced Dick between her legs and pushed his much more ample cock into her pussy. He was obviously better with his dildos as he soon came squirting his load over Mimi's breasts.
As the Professor lined up to fuck Mimi with his large appendage the Doctor asked Mimi if his students could join in. She panted an enthusiastic yes.
As the Professor filled her with his oversized weapon the students filed down from the balconies and surrounded Mimi.
The Professor pulled out and covered Mimi's face with an amazing quantity of come.
Over the next 30 minutes I watched the students as they fucked Mimi's holes and face before covering her in their semen. Then they massaged the come into her face and body. Mimi was purring. She loved it.
"If you follow this treatment you will stop the aging process. It may not make you live longer but you will you look a lot younger than your years," the Doctor said.
After time was given for the semen to dry onto Mimi's body the Doctor asked Dick who were the leading students this week. Dick pointed out that it was Harry and Ray.
"Will you two help Mimi clean up please?" the Doctor said.
Harry and Ray led Mimi to the shower area. Keith followed them and kept recording. They helped her to wash all the dried come from her body but, needless to say, it ended up in a threesome as they spit roasted her. She wasn't objecting.
After we were all dressed and sitting in the seating area the Doctor thanked Mimi for taking part in the research. She told him she had enjoyed it and would like to take part in further research.
As we got ready to leave the Professor said his first words.
"Sexually orgasms are the greatest achievement you can achieve. Seek it at every opportunity and you will live to a good age."
We walked out of the lab and followed the footpath through more trees.
"Do you fancy some lunch?" Keith asked. We both nodded. He made a call from his mobile.
We walked on another 50 metres or so coming to a picnic area.
We sat at one of the picnic tables.
"The food will be here shortly." Keith said. Right on cue a land rover pulled up and the driver put a basket on the table in front of us.
Underneath the picnic blanket the hamper was full of sandwiches, red wine and other food stuffs. There was far too much for three of us. As it happened the three guys who had "punished" Mimi while she was in the stocks were sat at the next table supping some cans of beer.
"These were the guys that punished you in the stocks earlier," I said to her.
"Hardly a punishment," she replied. "We should ask them to share the food. There's too much for three of us."
She beckoned them over. They didn't hesitate to join us. They introduced themselves as Peter, Paul and Larry.
I told them to help themselves to the food which they did.
"You're a generous man," Paul said, "not only do you let us fuck your wife but you feed us as well."
"You have to keep your strength up," Mimi replied on my behalf. "You never know when I may want your services again."
"I'm always ready," Peter said, standing up to reveal a large lump in his shorts.
"Do you guys enjoy coming on women?" Mimi asked.
"What do you mean?" Larry asked.
Mimi explained about the research she had taken part in earlier.
"It seems the more semen I can rub into my face and skin the more rejuvenated I'll become," Mimi said, smiling.
"You won't be short of volunteers to help you on that score." Paul said.
"I think I should start my second treatment right away, Mimi said, lifting her vest over her head.
She stood me in front of her and had my cock in her mouth within seconds. I had been wanted to fuck her all day and my self control let me down badly as it wasn't long before I shot my load all over Mimi's face.
While Mimi had been seeing to me Paul had made a phone call. Peter and Larry had spread the picnic blanket on the grass next to the benches. The three of them had undressed.
Peter led Mimi to the blanket and pushed her to her knees.
The three of them surrounded her as she started to blow them. They were all big guys being a little bit above average and they weren't being gentle. The blow job soon turned to forced face fucking but Mimi took it all in her stride and was deep throating them like a professional.
Keith was capturing it all on camera. Going by the lump in his shorts he was really enjoying it.
Several more guys had appeared as a result of Paul's phone call. They had all stripped off and stood round the blanket.
Mimi was now being spit roasted. Again it wasn't gentle and was the roughest sex I've ever seen Mimi take part in. I was a little worried but it was obvious that Mimi was really enjoying being used and abused. The new arrivals just joined in when they saw fit.
"She likes it up the arse," Larry told one of them. The stranger looked over to me. I got the tube of lube out of Mimi's bag and tossed it to him; it was obvious she was going to get her arse fucked so at least she may have a little help. He lubed his cock and lay back on the blanket. Pulling Mimi to him he got her to straddle him with her back to him.
Once he had aligned his not insubstantial cock with her anus he just drove into her. The normal squeal was more a scream but she soon got into the rhythm and was riding his cock for all she was worth.
A second guy moved between Mimi's legs. He pushed her back so she was all but lying on the guy who was fucking her arse. He pushed his cock into her Pussy. As they set a pace Mimi's enjoyment became obvious as she enjoyed a body shaking orgasm.
Several guys were taking it in turns to face fuck her and one or two were giving her breasts some painful treatment. Again Mimi wasn't complaining as she enjoyed another orgasm.
Over the next half an hour the group of ten men pummelled Mimi in every hole.
They were calling her all sorts of names as they abused her but Mimi was giving it back and seemed to be in a state of constant orgasm. I have never known Mimi enjoy Brutality of this degree.
When they had finished using her as their fuck doll they laid her on her back and unloaded their come on her. Most went for the face but some aimed for her breasts and stomach. Mimi laid there exhausted as the guys got dressed and wandered back to where they had come from.
Paul came over to me.
"We've done some women here over the years but I can't remember anyone enjoying it as much as she did," he said shaking my hand before disappearing with the others
Keith was still filming Mimi's come covered body. She looked up at him as smiled.
"Are you going to put that to use?" she asked pointing at his groin. He looked over to me for permission; I just shrugged. He soon dropped his shorts and moved between Mimi's legs. He gave her the most gentlest of fucks of the afternoon. Like me, his excitement had been building all afternoon and he was soon on the verge. He was about to pull out and come on her body when she hooked her legs around him and pulled him further in.
"I think I deserve one to come inside me," She said as he came deep in her pussy.
I'd helped Mimi back to the bench and poured the three of us a glass of wine
"That was pretty intense," I said as Mimi massaged the come into her face and body.
"I didn't think I'd like it that rough but I really got into it," she replied wistfully.
"I think you came more during that than you did in the laboratory," I said grinning.
"I certainly did," she went on. "I hope you got it all on film, Keith."
"It's the horniest thing I've ever filmed," he gushed. "Sorry about how it ended but I couldn't control myself."
"Did it feel like I was complaining," she replied wiping her lips and giving him a kiss on the cheek.
We sat in silence for a while as we drank our wine.
"I'm feeling a bit tender," Mimi said caressing her breasts. "A cool soak in the bath will soon sort me out."
Mimi pulled her vest on and we made our way back to the house.
After a long soak in the bath and the application of many creams and lotions, Mimi declared herself ready for the evening's entertainment. Dressed only in dressing gowns we made our way down to the basement to meet Christophe as planned.
He welcomed us warmly and took us through to the main changing area.
"Have you had any thoughts on our costumes?" Mimi asked him giving him a kiss on the lips.
"I have," he replied. "A physique like yours Nick and a body like yours Mimi need to be shown off to their full advantage. I thought a Red Indian Brave and his squaw would work well."
"That sounds interesting. Do I get a tomahawk?" I replied.
"You don't need one with the weapon you have between your legs," Mimi said. We all chuckled.
"I'll start with you, Nick. Getting you ready will be quicker," Christophe said.
He handed me a leather waistcoat. It was emblazoned with multi colour beading. It fitted well across the shoulders but only fell to just below my rib cage leaving my six pack on prominent display. Next he handed me a very thin belt with two breech cloths attached. I tied it round me using the small Velcro fastenings to secure it in place. The front breech cloth was long enough to keep me dent; the wider rear cloth covered by bum but only just. It was obvious from a side view that I was wearing no underwear.
Next he placed a beaded choker around my neck and a headband, also beaded, on my head. Then he placed to bicep bracelets on each arm. They depicted snakes. After he had got me to flex my biceps to make sure they were not too tight he led me to a dressing table.
He teased my hair up through the headband making it look longer and wilder. Next came a false plait. Once he was happy he had a colour match he attached it to the back of my head. He held up a mirror so I could see his handiwork. I have to admit it looked very realistic. Opening his tins of greasepaint he applied two black stripes to each of my cheeks. The transformation was complete.
He led me to a full length mirror and asked Mimi what she thought.
"If I didn't know you I'd be doing my best to get under that breech cloth," she said giggling, "you look awesome."
I must admit I was impressed myself.
"Your turn now," Christophe said turning to Mimi. She took off her robe and handed it to me Christophe tied a thin belt round her waist similar to mine. It had a rear breech cloth much smaller than mine that just about covered her bum. In the front were just beaded tassels. There was enough of them to keep her pussy covered but it allowed easy access.
Next Christophe tied another small belt around Mimi's chest above her boobs. There was nothing at the back of this but more beaded tassels at the front. They were long enough to fall below her breasts and although they fell evenly across her bust the tassels parted either side to allow her already erect nipples to poke through. It was an incredibly horny look.
Christophe placed a beaded choker and headband on her head before leading her to the dressing table. He dressed her hair into two plaits weaving in some multi colours threads before using his make-up to add a few freckles to each of her cheeks. They gave her an air of innocence.
"You look stunning," I said. "Thanks Christophe you've done a great job."
"You're welcome," he said. "Can I take a photo of the pair of you please?"
"Of course," Mimi replied.
I put on my best Indian brave pose folding my arms across my chest. Mimi snuggled into my side and put her arm around my waist. Christophe took several pictures on his phone.
"Do we need some underwear?" I asked
"I thought about that but if you join in the party games later they will only get in the way," he replied.
"What games are they?" Mimi asked
"You'll find out later," he answered smiling, "anyway you better go get dinner. I'll see you tomorrow when you return the costumes."
I shook his hand, Mimi gave him a kiss and we made our way up to the bar.
I felt like we'd walked into a cartoon. Dad and George were dressed as Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble; Abigail looked stunning as Jessica Rabbit. James was dressed like a '50's matinee idol much as he always did. Mimi's mum was wearing a Japanese schoolgirl uniform. She looked about 16.
Danny was doing a great impression of The Rock without quite the same muscle definition.
"This is surreal," I said to Mimi.
"Best we go with the flow and enjoy the evening," Mimi replied passing me a shot of Duroen and sinking two herself.
"You two look fabulous," Danny said. "Can I offer a hand should you want to go off reservation."
Mimi pretended to knee him in the balls.
"It won't be a hand I want," she said laughing.
"I'm sure I can find something you need," he replied laughing
Mimi reached down and moved my breechcloth to one side and took my cock in her hand.
"That's what you have to compete with."
"I don't mind coming second; I know you need more than one," Danny said ducking away from Mimi's slap.
"Let's go eat," my Dad said.
I don't know how it happened but Mimi ended up sitting between Dad and George while I and Mimi's mum ended a little isolated at the far end of the table.
"You look younger than you daughter," I said to Kaz.
"I know that's not true but it's nice of you to say it,"
She placed her hand on my lap. I had a semi hard on.
"My daughter is very much like me," Kaz said. "She likes cock and doesn't mind sharing it. The difference is she has an understanding husband whereas I married a slob. I thank him for the gift that is Mimosa but other than that he was and remains the biggest mistake of my life."
I put my arm around her shoulder and pulled her close to me. She rested her head on my shoulder. I noticed a single tear running down her cheek. It was the first time I had seen any fragility in this incredibly strong woman.
She suddenly sat bolt upright wiping her face.
"We're supposed to be celebrating your birthday," she said reaching for a bottle of wine. "Let's get drunk, everyone else is." She filled our glasses. She knocked hers back in one swallow. I followed suit and she soon replenished the glasses. She leaned across and kissed me on the cheek.
"You're a great son-in law," she said. We chinked glasses and finished our wine again.
After dinner we all moved into the main entertainment evening. Saturday night was obviously the main night and everyone seemed hell bent on getting drunk and having a good time. The music was raucous and the dancing was wild. It was like a scene from a Roman orgy.
Several women had attempted to stroke my totem pole; the one dressed as Annie Oakley even threatened to shoot me if I didn't let her lick the stick. Meanwhile two doctors were doing their best to get Mimi to play with their stethoscopes while a third, dressed as Scooby-Doo kept sticking his snout up her breech cloth.
Kaz came rushing up. "I've entered us in the horse race. Listen out for the announcement," she shouted breathlessly. "Must dash; I've got some old perv chasing me who wants to give me the cane." And off she went.
Seconds later a guy dressed as Wackford Squeers, oblivious to the fact that I was getting a blow job from little Bo Peep asked if I'd seen a naughty Japanese school girl. I pointed him in the opposite direction that Kaz had taken.
I heard a shout of "Yabba-Dabba-Doo!" and looked across the room to see Fred and Barney spit roasting Miss Piggy; the irony wasn't lost on me.
Little Bo Peep may have lost her sheep but she soon got a mouthful of Red Indian come. She picked up her crook and went in search of further goodies.
It's not every day you get the chance to watch your wife being fucked by a dog, albeit a man in costume, but Mimi was on all fours on the floor in front of me being taken doggie style by Scooby-Doo. There was evidence on her face that the doctors had emptied their stethoscopes in her mouth.
When the dog had finished and left to find another bitch in heat I dragged Mimi onto my lap.
"This is weird. I feel like I'm in some sort of dream movie," I said to her.
"It's fucking bonkers but brilliant at the same time," she replied.
Kaz joined us.
"Hello Mum," Mimi said in greeting. "Did the headmaster catch up with you?"
"He did but I stuck his cane up his arse and left him crying in a corner, " Kaz replied laughing, " All bullies are wimps."
"What's this horse race you've entered us in?" I asked her.
"It's a laugh. I've won it as a jockey but I fancy winning it as a trainer." She went on to explain that the horses were four men; the jockey had to ride them round a set course. The team that finished in the fastest time won the trophy.
"So am I going to be the jockey?" Mimi asked.
"Of course," Kaz said, "you'll love the saddles."
"You need to explain more," I said
"You'll be a horse along with Ben, George and Danny. Mimosa will be the jockey and I will be in charge as the trainer."
She went on to explain that the jockey had to mount each horse in turn and ride him round the course. If the rider and jockey became uncoupled at any point the team would be disqualified.
"So I have to ride four different cocks as the horses charge round the course?" Mimi asked.
"That's about the size of it," Kaz replied.
"It sounds fabulous," Mimi said. "Not many daughters get this sort of love from their mother."
They both fell into each other's arms laughing like drains.
"So what's your job as trainer?" I asked.
"I have to make sure you horses are ready for mounting," she giggled. "You can't have a limp cock for the jockey to climb on to."
The MC called the teams forward for the horse race. Everyone was drunk and falling about but Kaz was determined we were going to win. There were six teams including ours.
Two of the staff demonstrated what was required. Kaz told us the order we would go in; George, Ben, Danny and me on the last leg.
Mimi was already laughing as Kaz got George ready giving him a slow blow to bring him to full erection.
The starter announced 1 minute to the start. Mimi jumped up to George fixing her legs around his hips and guiding his cock into her pussy.
"I know you're an old nag but if we win the race you get to shag me or mum later," Mimi said to encourage him.
The first pairs were called to the start line and sent off by the starter. George tried his best but by the time he handed over to Ben we were quite a long way last. Kaz had blown Ben to a large hard on and Mimi wasted no time dismounting and remounting. Ben is no youngster but he did surprisingly well pulling back some of the deficit.
When Danny took over it looked impossible to catch up but he was fit and soon bore down on the teams in front of us. By the time he handed Mimi to me there was only one team in front of us.
"Come on nick, we can win this," she said.
As we set off down the course she dug her nails in my back and kicked her ankles into my arse. We soon caught them up and by the time we turned for home we were stretching our lead. We won by a distance and the six of us celebrated as if we'd won a world championship. We were all laughing loudly as we rolled around on the floor.
We were sat back at our table with our trophies in front of us. George had got a bottle of champagne from somewhere and we were all having a celebratory drink when Jane, my friend from the Jacuzzi, came over to the table. She was dressed as Boudicca and definitely looked the part.
"Congratulations. You put in a great race," she said smiling. We all nodded our thanks. George poured her a glass of bubbly.
"Mimi, do you mind if Nick partners in the wheelbarrow race?" Jane asked.
"Fill your boots, or whatever," Mimi said with a tinge of jealousy in her voice.
Jane explained to me what the wheelbarrow entailed but I had already worked it out.
"It starts in about 15 minutes if you want to have a practice," Jane said to me.
I swallowed down my drink and looked at Mimi who still looked a little peeved.
"I'll see you after the race, wish me luck," I said her kissing her on the lips. "Why don't you and Danny enter?"
"I'm not just anyone's wheelbarrow," Mimi replied acerbically although there was a little gleam in her eye.
As Jane took me by the hand Mimi headed to the bar. Jane led me to a less crowded area of the room.
"Have I upset Mimi?" she asked.
"I expect she wanted to celebrate our horse race victory a little more but she'll get over it," I replied.
"Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Of course but you need to get me hard," I replied laughing.
She went down on me and soon had me standing to attention.
"Best we try the racing position," I suggested.
Jane knelt on all fours in front of me. I pushed into her as she raised her arse. I grabbed her hips and pushed all the way into her pussy. She hooked her legs around my waist and we made a few steps as if we were racing. I grabbed the back of her bra and lifted her weight pulling her back even deeper onto my cock. It made forward movement very much easier.
"Is that painful?" I asked.
"Not at all but we have to make sure we stick with the rules," she replied.
"We'll be able to move faster if I hold you like this and there will less chance of slipping out," I added trying not to giggle.
We were called to the starting line. The starter ran through the rules; Three laps; the gardener must keep his tool in the wheelbarrow at all times or risk disqualification; the wheelbarrow must have one hand on the ground at all times; No barging; no cutting corners.
"Just keep one hand dragging along the floor. I'll take your weight," I said to Jane as she gave be a final blow job of encouragement.
The starter called us to our marks. There were too many entries to form a straight line at the start and we found ourselves some way down the field as we got underway. We were certainly faster than our rivals and we steadily moved through the field. As we started the second lap the field was beginning to string out which allowed us to increase our speed. By the time we started our third lap we were comfortably in the lead but had to contend with the tail Enders who we were lapping. Another problem was that Jane was getting really excited and the wetter she got the harder it was to stop slipping out. We overcame both problems to win the race quite easily.
Jane was absolutely ecstatic kissing and hugging me as if we'd won a world championship.
"I've entered this race for the last five years and it is the first time I've won," she gasped, almost in tears. "I want to fuck you senseless."
She pulled me to a quieter corner and rode me like a dervish. After we both came like volcanoes we had just about calmed down in time to collect our trophies.
I put my trophy with the others from earlier.
"Well done son," Dad said to me. "I think I would have taken a little longer if I had my cock in that wheelbarrow."
"Don't worry, she fucked my brains out at the end of the race," I replied.
"Good man. Me, George and Danny have to get away early tomorrow. I'll see you soon but I need to go find your wheelbarrow," he said slapping me on the back and disappearing into the masses.
There was no sign of Mimi but I wasn't too worried as she had probably found a new cock to fuck.
I went to the bar and got a large brandy. Returning to the table I sat and watched the sexual mayhem going on around me.
I had just finished my drink when Mimi reappeared and sat on my lap. She gave me a deep kiss.
"I am such a selfish bitch," she said almost crying.
I pulled her to me and held her tight and asked her what she meant.
"All the things you let me do and I got jealous of you and Jane. I'm a cow really," she said with tears running down her face.
"No you're not," I replied, "we've just drunk too much."
"When you agreed to race with Jane I though well fuck you. I went to the bar and got a bottle of wine and went down to see Christophe. My sole intention was to fuck his brains out; which I did," She replied. "It was a spiteful thing to do because I used him to try to upset you."
"I love you, Mimi. I've encouraged our lifestyle so I am not upset if you wanted a quick fuck with Christophe."
"What I want now, Nick, is for you take me to bed and make love to me. I know I love you and I know you love me but I think we need to prove it to each other every now and then."
We went back to our room and did exactly as she asked.
Sunday 8th August, 2004
After some gently love making we were up and ready to go by 8 o'clock.
"What do you want to do today?" I asked Mimi as I finished dressing.
"It's the last day of your birthday celebration weekend," she replied, "you should decide."
"Shall we just play it by ear? I can decide who to share you with as we go along," I suggested.
Mimi was just turning back the sleeves on yet another of my shirts that she had borrowed for the day when my phone buzzed. It was a message from Keith asking if we had any plans for the day. I rang him back and suggested he met us for breakfast.
Mimi got her tote bag ready. I threw my video camera into her bag along with our fancy dress costumes that we had to return to Christophe and we made our way to the dining room.
Keith and I enjoyed full English breakfasts while Mimi opted for muesli and fresh fruit.
"We're having an off the cuff day today," I said to Keith.
"That's fine. Today is a bit of a wind down day anyway," he replied. "Most of the guests will leave today. I guess they have busy lives."
"Will you be staying tonight?" Mimi asked him.
"Yes I will. There is no entertainment in the main concert room tonight. Everyone who remains will be in the bar or in their rooms. They usually have a DJ in the bar for those who want to dance," he answered.
"How many do you think will be here this evening?" I enquired.
"No more than fifty I guess; could be as little as twenty,"
"You'll have to join us for dinner," Mimi said smiling. "I'm sure we can find something entertaining to do afterwards. Bring your camera just in case"
"What will you do today?" I asked him.
"That depends on how you answer my next question."
"Fire away," Mimi said.
Keith went on to explain that he is one of the main builders for the society web site explaining that he was always looking to develop it further.
I was surprised to find out he had such a senior position within the society especially in a technical role.
"I think the site is great but I'd like to take it to another level," he said with real zeal in his voice. "You two have been like a breath of fresh air since you joined the society. I want to make a channel dedicated to the pair of you. Your videos are still the most popular and what we have recorded this weekend will only add to your popularity."
"Are you saying you want to set up a dedicated porn channel for me and Nick?" Mimi asked.
"Basically," he replied. "I'd like to pull all of your recordings into one place where your fans, of which there are many, can see your adventures."
I looked at Mimi. Her eyes were sparkling at the thought of being a centre of her own channel; and it would be her channel as I would only be there in name.
"That sounds fantastic," Mimi said. "What does the society hierarchy think?"
"It was during the last founders' video conference that the suggestion was raised," he replied. "I don't think you realise the boost your membership has brought to the society."
"So basically you want to a build a dedicated porn channel featuring Mimi?" I asked.
"I guess that's the size of it," Keith replied. "Most of the society members are a little older than you. The women want to be Mimi and the men want to have Mimi. That's why membership numbers are increasing."
"That's very flattering" Mimi said, "but does it mean you would like to add fresh material on a regular basis?"
"That would be good but only as you would like," he said hopefully.
"Would you include non-society recordings," I asked. He nodded.
"We have plenty of private stuff you could use," Mimi said. It was obvious that she was excited by the idea.
"Do you want me to make a start on it today?" he asked. We both agreed.
We all shook hands as if to make it a formal agreement.
We were just finishing our tea when Mimi's mum Kaz joined us.
"Hello mum," Mimi said, "this is Keith our pornographer and my sometimes fuck buddy."
"How come I've never fucked you?" Kaz asked him.
"You've obviously never asked me. I wouldn't have said no," a much more confident Keith answered.
"I'm glad I've caught you," Kaz said. "I have to leave soon as I have to fly to Geneva tomorrow; family business you understand. I need to talk to you about you taking up some family duties, Mimosa. I'll get in touch when I'm back in England."
"Are you going to tell me more?" Mimi asked her.
"I'll explain it all when we meet up. Just enjoy yourself and don't worry. You won't be asked to do anything that you don't do or enjoy already."
With that cryptic little message she gave us both a kiss on the cheek and disappeared toward the car park.
"That's intriguing," I said to Mimi.
"I've always wondered what Mum's role with the company is. It looks like we might find out soon."
"I'm going to start work on your site. I'll see you later for dinner," Keith said. Mimi stood and kissed him on the lips. I shook his hand again. He scurried off to wherever he was going to do his work on our porn site.
"That's exciting," Mimi said, "I'm a little damp at the thought." I wasn't sure if she was talking about the porn site or working for the family business.
Mimi sank a Duroen as we left the restaurant.
We went down to the basement to return our fancy dress costumes. Christophe buzzed us in.
"I'm sorry about last night," Mimi said to him. "I used you to try to make Nick jealous. It didn't work."
"I should apologise," he countered. "I took advantage of you at a low point."
"Right you two, did you enjoy fucking each other last night?" I asked. They both nodded.
"So there is no need for apologies. Just kiss and hug and think about the next time."
"Will there be a next time?" Christophe asked.
"Of course there will. You're top of her fuck buddy list at the moment."
Mimi punched me on the arm but didn't raise an argument.
She handed him our costumes from last night. I thanked him for making a good choice.
We talked about various things before Christophe asked Mimi a serious question.
"Would you consider modelling for our fashion catalogues?" he asked.
"I have done a little modelling but most of it has been without clothes," she replied giggling.
"Well, that could be how things end up," he said cryptically.
He showed us some files of his company's advertising. The first was girls modelling their fashion clothing. The second was beachwear; the third was lingerie which wasn't far short of pornographic.
"So what's this fourth one?" I asked.
"Occasionally some of our models like to go a little further than modelling," he replied.
Mimi looked through the file. There were very graphic photos of women being double teamed and generally enjoying gangbang sex.
"I recognise you but who are the other guys in these pictures?" she asked.
"One is my brother and the rest are the team that do the photography and filming," he replied.
"So you record it as well?" I asked
"Yes, but it never goes beyond our private collection. Believe it or not we have standards to maintain with our public personae."
"So you want me to model your dresses, your swimwear and lingerie then make a porn video with your friends and family?" Mimi asked showing no sign of objection.
"It sounds crude when you put it like that but I would like you to consider it," Christophe replied.
"I don't think it sounds crude. I think it sounds exciting," Mimi said, almost panting at the thought.
"How would you feel about it, Nick?" he asked me.
"Mimi loves a good gangbang and I love watching her with other men so I wouldn't object'
"I'm an exhibitionist who loves showing off in front of anyone," Mimi said. "I also think I'm a nymphomaniac but luckily I have a husband who indulges me."
"So will you model for me?"
"Of course as long as I get plenty of cock," We swapped contact details.
"Do fancy being really slutty today?" Christophe asked Mimi.
"What did you have in mind?" Mimi replied.
"Well you like showing off and Nick likes watching you with other men so why don't we go down to the garden area and see what happens?"
"That sounds nice," Mimi replied.
We went up to the lobby area and through to the garden. It was quite a warm morning. We sat on a bench. There were other people taking in the sun but not many.
Christophe pointed to an empty bench on the other side of the garden. "Why don't you go and sit over there and start masturbating," Christophe suggested. "I'm sure you will soon get some help."
Without even looking at me Mimi crossed to the other bench. As she sat down she lifted her shirt to reveal her panties. Without hesitation she pushed her hand inside her panties so she could rub her clit and stroke her pussy.
Christophe was right; she wasn't on her own for long. Two men stood in front of her for a while before sitting either side of her. They soon started groping her breasts through her shirt. Realising she wasn't wearing a bra they lifted her blouse up. Mimi stopped playing with herself and raised her
Arms so they could remove her only item of clothing other than her panties.
A third guy joined them. He knelt in front of her and pulled her panties off tucking them into his shirt pocket. He went down on her while finger fucking her pussy.
I was rock hard watching this. I noticed that Christophe was also rubbing a substantial lump in his slacks while recording proceedings on his phone..
The two guys sat either side of Mimi were now kissing and nibbling her nipples. The guy going down on her pushed his shorts and underwear down and pushed his cock into Mimi's pussy. She gasped and arched her back. He fucked her roughly but she was begging for him to go deeper until the guy sat to her right stopped her cries by pushing his cock into her mouth.
The guy fucking her soon pulled out and shot his load onto her stomach. The other two men stood Mimi up and bent her over so they could spit roast her. The guy who had just fucked her sat on the bench next to them so he could play with her tits.
The two guys swapped positions a couple of times before one came in her mouth and the other covered her arse with his come.
Mimi thanked them
"Are you staying tonight?" she asked them. They all nodded. "I'll see you in the bar later," she smiled at them as she picked her up her blouse and walked back to us.
"Do you boys want anything?" she asked standing naked in front of us. Before I could answer she pulled my trousers and underwear down. She gave be a quick blow before straddling me and guiding my cock into her pussy. Christophe wasted no time moving behind us and pushing his cock up Mimi's arse. She squealed and enjoyed an orgasm that soaked me. I only wish I could taste it. We both set up a good rhythm but we were both too excited and soon the two of us came deep inside her.
Mimi sat on the bench between us. Beside the come on her face and belly she now had our semen trickling from her pussy and anus.
Mimi didn't bother dressing as we made our way through the reception area to the basement. She got a few nods of appreciation from the people we passed.
The three of us showered together in Christophe's apartment. The sex was much more controlled and enjoyable. Mimi enjoyed three squirting orgasms. After we had finished and dried off we sat on the couch. Mimi sat in the middle. None of us had dressed.
"Did you enjoy it in the garden earlier?" Christophe asked Mimi.
"I did," she replied. "I'd like to spend the rest of the day doing similar stuff."
"Would you like it to be even more risky?" he asked again.
"In what way?" Mimi asked.
"I mean really public; not in the confines of the society."
"What are you suggesting?" I asked.
"Why don't we get out into the local area and see what excitement we can find," he replied.
"I like the idea of that," Mimi said. "What do you think Nick?"
"Adding a little danger only makes things more exciting," I replied. "I only brought the Triumph; much too small."
"I'm in a big old Volvo estate. I need it for the stock." Christophe added. "We can use that. I don't mind driving."
"What should I wear?" Mimi asked.
"I have just the dress for you," Christophe replied going through to the main changing area. He returned with a black tube dress.
"Try this on," he said handing the dress to Mimi. She stepped into it and pulled it up over her body. It clung to every curve and contour.
"That's horny as fuck," I said.
Mimi stood in front of the full length mirror. Christophe moved to stand behind her.
"Besides looking horny as hell it is also easy to flash in." he said. To demonstrate he hooked his thumbs into the top of the dress and pushed it down. The top of the dress slid down easily bunching at her waist. He caressed her breasts.
"Can you imagine how it would feel if a total stranger did this to you in public." Mimi closed her eyes and threw her head back. Christophe reached down and pulled the hem of the dress up. It rode up to her waist revealing her pussy. He stroked her labia.
"It's a great dress," he said. I had to agree with him.
"Shall we go for a ride?" Mimi said straightening the dress and pulling on a pair of panties. Christophe and I dressed and we made our way to his car. Mimi called in at the bar for another shot of Duroen on the way.
"You two get comfortable in the back," Christophe said. "I'll just drive and see where it takes us."
Mimi got comfortable very quickly. She had my cock out and was going down on me before we had left the car park.
"Should I turn the camera off?" Christophe asked pointing at the dome light with his thumb.
Mimi stopped blowing me long enough to reply "don't you dare."
Christophe was laughing as he pulled out onto the road.
We'd only been travelling for about ten minutes when Christophe slowed the car.
"Do you think these two might be interested?" he said pointing to two guys walking along the grass verge.
"There's only one way to find out," I replied.
Christophe pulled into an entrance to a field about 30 metres further up the road. He opened both passenger windows and waited for the guys to catch up. Mimi still had her dress in place but the hem had ridden up revealing her thin panties. She moved her position on the seat so the guys would get a good view when they caught up.
As they came along side the car, Christophe called them over.
"The lady wants to ask you a question." He said to them.
They looked at Mimi in the back seat. She now had one foot on the seat and the other on the floor and had pushed her hand inside her panties and was slowly rubbing her pussy.
"I'm looking for some fresh cock," Mimi said brazenly. "Do you want to provide it?"
They looked at each other and smiled.
"I think we'd enjoy that," one of them replied.
I got out of the back of the car and invited them both to join Mimi in the back which they did enthusiastically.
As we moved back onto the road the top of Mimi's dress was round her waist as our new friends groped and kissed her boobs. She had wasted no time getting her hands on their cocks.
"Do you know anywhere quiet we can stop so we can all enjoy ourselves," I asked the newcomers.
"About a mile further on is a trading estate. It's closed on Sundays so it's usually quiet," one of them answered
"Sometimes there can be some interesting things happening on a Sunday afternoon. That's where we were heading when you picked us up," the other guy added.
"Are you saying this is a dogging spot?" Christophe asked.
"Not fully fledged but it has its moments."
"Does that mean there might be more cocks waiting for me?" Mimi asked.
"Isn't four enough for you," I asked her, laughing.
"Remember what Dr Dildo said. You can never get enough cock," she replied as she went down on the blond guy beside her.
As we drove through the trading estate it did look deserted. There were a couple of cars parked but no sign of life. Christophe parked in a wide alley between units. The five of us got out of the car. Christophe opened the tailgate and got a blanket from the back. By the time he had spread it on the ground behind the car six guys appeared at the end of the alley. Mimi was standing at the back of the car, her dress still bunched round her waist like an oversized belt.
"Well, hello guys, nice to see you," she said in her best Mae West voice. Leaning into the car she got her bag from the back seat. Taking out a hair bobble she fashioned her hair into a tight bun on the top of head.
"This may get messy," she said to no one in particular as she removed her dress and put it in the back of the car. She knelt on the blanket and the nine guys formed a semi circle round her; Christophe had joined them too. I retrieved my video camera from the bag and noticed a tube of lube sitting next to it. Mimi obviously had the intention of giving all of herself to these guys.
She took two of them in hand and said so everyone could hear "I'm in no rush so let's take time to enjoy ourselves." With that she took the first guys cock into her mouth.
I recorded as she went along the line blowing each one in turn. A few reached down to fondle her breasts or hold the back of her head as she sucked them but there was no aggressive behaviour. I could tell Mimi was enjoying herself as the moistness of her pussy testified.
After she reached the end of the line she told them all that they could come on her but not inside her. She took the last guy by the hand. Lying back on the blanket she guided his cock into her. He grabbed her legs and nearly folded her in half as he deeply fucked her. After a couple of minutes he withdrew and moved along side her so he could come on her face. A second guy took his place and went the same way except he came on her stomach.
Two of the guys moved on her now. They got her on to all fours so they could spit roast her. Mimi was enjoying herself and I was enjoying watching and filming her being taken by these strangers.
The two of them dealt quite roughly with Mimi but she wasn't complaining. The guy fucking her pulled out and came on her back. As another guy moved into take his place Christophe said to him "She likes it up the arse," and handed him the tube of lube. As he greased his cock Christophe pushed two fingers into Mimi's anus to prepare her for the cock that was coming.
I had a fleeting though that Christophe was a little out of order but that thought soon disappeared when the guy pushed his cock into her arse and Mimi enjoyed a gushing orgasm. That opened the floodgates and the rest of the guys took advantage of both holes, Mimi was double penetrated several times and came several more times.
Once all the strangers had their way with her Christophe moved between Mimi's legs and pushed his cock into her arse and fucked her hard until he pulled out and came on her face. I was so excited that I jerked off and added my come to all the rest on her face.
Mimi looked sated lying on the blanket covered in come and her own juices. The strangers all dressed. A couple of them came over for a last grope of her breasts before they all disappeared into the afternoon sunshine.
"Did you enjoy that?" Christophe asked Mimi.
"It was fantastic but I wish it had lasted longer," she replied.
"I'm sure we can find some more excitement for you," he replied helping her to her feet.
Christophe picked up the blanket and spread it out on the cargo area of the car. Mimi sat on the back of the car rubbing the semen into her face and body.
Using bottled water and some cloths that Christophe had in the car we washed the semen from her face and body. Mimi used the wet wipes from her tote bag to finish cleaning her face and pussy. She put on one of the clean pair of panties she always had in her bag and pulled the dress on. She undid the bun in her hair and let it fall to its full length midway down her back.
"Do I look presentable?" she asked giving a little twirl.
"You look gorgeous," I replied.
"You look like every man's fantasy girl," Christophe added.
"Well, thank you kind sirs. What shall we do now?"
"How about we find a country pub so we can have lunch," Christophe suggested.
"That sounds like a plan," I replied as we got into the car.
As we drove along some country lanes in search of somewhere to eat I resisted the temptation to fuck Mimi on the back seat.
After we had travelled a few miles I spotted a sign for "The Wheat sheaf"
"Take a left here," I said to Christophe. We turned into a single track lane with passing points. I thought we had taken the wrong turning but after about a mile we turned into the pub car park. I was surprised how many other cars were in the car park.
The pub was very remote but very quaint. Being Sunday it was serving roast dinners and there were plenty of customers eating them. Christophe ordered a full chicken dinner. Having had a large breakfast I settled on a ploughman's lunch while Mimi had a mixed fruit salad. Mimi and I had a bottle of sauvignon Blanc; Christophe settled on a bottle of Perrier water. We asked the barmaid to bring our food out to the beer garden when it was ready.
We sat at a typical pub garden table with attached benches. Mimi sat straddling the bench seat. Her dress rode up enough so I could clearly see her panties as I sat next to her. Christophe sat opposite us. The only other occupied table in the beer garden was the one about two metres away. Three guys in their 20's were enjoying a beer but Mimi soon became their object of attention and conversation. Although they kept their voices low enough that we could not hear them it was obvious they were talking about what they would like to do to Mimi.
The food arrived and Christophe got stuck into his dinner. Mimi and I pecked at our food. Mimi was in full flirty slut mode looking directly at the three guys as she sucked on various items of fruit. She even dropped one hand to the very top of her thigh. She wasn't touching her pussy but the guys at the next table couldn't be sure from the angle they had. When she lifted her leg so she could rub my cock with her foot the guys must have realised that she was feeling horny.
"It looks like you have some admirers," Christophe said as he finished his dinner.
Mimi only giggled.
"Let me go talk to them," he continued, "They could be part of your next adventure." Without waiting for an answer he moved to the men's table.
Christophe talked to them in a quiet tone before sitting between the two guys nearest us. He got his phone out and showed them something. The third guy leaned over the table to watch also. They watched what was on the phone and kept looking up at Mimi. After a couple of minutes Christophe led them back to our table.
"This is Steve, Andy and Chris. I showed them some of the video from the garden earlier but they wanted to watch the rest of it with the star of the show," he said.
I moved up the bench so the three of them could sit around Mimi.
"So you want to want to watch the rest of the video?" Mimi asked.
"That would be nice," Steve replied.
"We need to get comfortable so we can all see it," Mimi said.
Chris pulled her on to his lap while Andy and Steve sat either side of them.
Christophe handed Mimi his phone and she played the rest of the recording.
"You're one horny little vixen," Chris said as they watched.
"I'd like to do that to you," Andy said.
"I'd like you to do it to me as well," Mimi replied.
"So do you know anywhere we can go so we can re-enact the show?" I asked.
"We're right on the edge of Dinton Pastures Country Park," Chris answered. "There are plenty of footpaths leading to quiet places where we could have fun together."
"There is an entrance to the park right over there," Steve said pointing to a footpath sign at the back of the beer garden.
"Shall we go for a walk?" Mimi asked
"That would be nice," Christophe said.
We finished our drinks and walked across to the park entrance.
Mimi walked ahead with yet another group of new friends. As we walked behind them Christophe asked me if I was happy with the way things were going.
"I am but would it matter if I wasn't? You've set an agenda for Mimi today."
"We can put a stop to it now if you want," Christophe replied.
"She'd hate me if I stopped her having another good time."
We walked along the footpath for 200 metres or so when we came to a point where it split in four directions.
"Let's go this way," Steve said. "It's a dead end sort of, so not many use it."
By this time Mimi's dress was back around her waist and the three new friends were having a sly grope of her arse and boobs.
We soon came to a clearing where the footpath opened out to a small grassed area with a couple of benches.
"This looks ideal," Christophe said. I had to agree.
Mimi moved to one of the benches. Steve, Chris and Andy joined her. Her panties soon disappeared as Steve went down on her.
Mimi was still on a high from showing off in the pub beer garden and was trembling already. Steve started a very fast finger fuck. Mimi was soon arching her back and squirting across the footpath as she enjoyed a tremendous climax.
Chris pushed Steve to one side so he could get between Mimi's legs. He pushed his cock into her pussy. Mimi, who was still on a high, wrapped her legs round him pulling him deeper into her.
"Fuck me hard," she pleaded. Chris did as she requested. As he pistoned into her she came again. When he was ready he pulled out and came on Mimi's face before pushing his cock into her mouth so she could suck him dry.
It didn't really go like the garden fuck because first Steve then Andy took her in the missionary position but Mimi enjoyed another two wet orgasms as they both fucked her before coming on her face and boobs; Christophe jerked off and added his load to her face.
I could tell Mimi was a little disappointed as she sat back on the bench.
"I don't suppose there's a shower anywhere close?" she asked rather dejectedly.
"No shower," Andy answered, "But there is a skinny dipping lake a few minutes' walk away if you fancy it."
"That sounds good," Mimi replied perking up.
"I like to swim," I added.
"Unfortunately me and Chris have to go," Steve said.
"I'll go get some towels from the car," Andy said. "Wait here for me."
Chris and Steve said their goodbyes and walked back to the pub with Andy.
"Do you think there will be other people at the lake," Mimi said the sparkle back in her eyes.
"On a nice day like today there are bound to be," Christophe replied.
"Oh goody; more people to show off to," Mimi said giggling.
"And every chance you'll find some more strangers to fuck you," I added crudely.
Andy came back carrying some beach towels. He handed one to each of us.
"Chris and Steve lent me theirs and I always carry a spare," he explained.
"Is it far?" I asked.
"Only a couple of minutes," Andy replied. "Follow me."
We walked a little further down the footpath until it came to a dead end. Pushing some of the undergrowth to one side he ushered us through the gap onto a tiny dirt track. After about 20 metres the path led to a small grassy meadow leading to a largish lake.
There were probably a dozen or so people sat round taking in the sun and two or three more in the water. It struck me straight away that there were no other women. It was also obvious that there were some gay couples and body builder types who loved themselves more than anything around them.
Christophe must have processed the same thoughts.
"Have you brought us to a gay meeting place?" he asked Andy.
"It's a nudist area. It does attract some gays but not exclusively so," he replied.
"I don't care about that," Mimi said picking a spot and laying out her towel on the grass. "I want to swim."
She pushed her dress off and walked down to the lake. Everybody watched her, some taking more interest than others. She must have looked strange as her face was still covered in semen from earlier. It certainly spiked interest among some of the guys as they followed her progress down to the water's edge.
I quickly stripped off and hurried to catch up with her which I did just as we reached the lake. We both paddled into the water which wasn't as cold as I expected. Christophe and Andy were not far behind us.
Once the water was up to our knees Mimi and I plunged into the water and swam about 20 metres into the lake. I was surprised that we could still stand although in Mimi's case the water was just above her Boobs. Most of the semen had washed of off Mimi's face during the swim so I pulled her to me and we shared a long kiss.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked.
"It's been a lovely day so far even though Christophe seems to be calling the shots," she replied.
"I said much the same to him earlier," I told her.
"I'm not complaining," she went on. "He's pushed us to do things we might not have done on our own." The conversation ended there as Christophe and Andy joined us.
"Is the lake as shallow as this all the way across?" I asked Andy.
"No. It shelves away steeply about another three or four metres further out," he replied.
"I'm going to swim a bit further out," I told them. Christophe and Andy were already groping Mimi as I swam away. I had nearly reached the other side before I turned to swim back. As I got closer to Mimi it was obvious that she was being double teamed by Christophe and Andy.
I swam to one side so I could stand and watch. I wasn't on my own. Mimi had her arms around Christophe's neck. The water level hid them but it was obvious from their movements that Mimi also had her legs around Christophe's waist allowing him to fuck her pussy; Andy was behind them. He was either fucking her arse or subjecting her to double vaginal penetration; I went with the former.
I let her enjoy the moment and she soon enjoyed a body wracking climax. I joined them as they came down from their high.
"How was your swim?" Mimi asked me.
"How was your fuck?" I retorted smiling
"Better than your swim I suspect," she said giggling.
"Touché," I said laughing.
We made our way back to the meadow. Mimi laid face down on her towel letting the sun dry her. I delved into Mimi's bag and found two bottles of water, a bottle of Malbec and some plastic beakers. Christophe and Andy refused the wine so I handed them the water. Mimi said she'd have one later once she'd dried off. I poured myself a generous measure and sat to enjoy it.
I sat talking to Christophe and Andy about nothing in particular. We were a little to one side of Mimi.
Two guys, both naked, came and knelt on the grass either side of Mimi I guessed they were a couple of years older than us.
"Excuse me Miss," the dark haired one said. Without looking up Mimi showed him her left hand complete with wedding ring.
"Sorry, Madam," he corrected himself looking over at us. I held my left hand up to let him I know I was her husband. His expression asked me if he should move away. I shook my head, smiled and mouthed for him to carry on.
"You really need to wear some protection against the sun," he said to Mimi.
She did look up now and obviously liked what she saw. "I haven't got any with me," Mimi answered.
"Would you like me and Alan to share ours with you?" He said holding up a bottle of something.
"That would be nice. Will you apply it for me?" she said laying back down
He looked over at me again for approval. I just smiled and nodded.
He poured a generous of the oil on Mimi's back before handing the bottle to Alan who trickled the oil down her legs.
Dark hair started rubbing the oil into Mimi's shoulders and back. Alan did the same with her leg. These guys were good and were giving Mimi a nice massage rather than just rubbing the oil in. Her occasional little twitches showed that she was enjoying their administrations.
As Alan massaged further up her legs towards her pussy so dark hair moved down her back toward her arse. As Alan started massaging the inside of her upper thighs he made occasional stokes of Mimi's pussy. Dark hair was now massaging her arse. As his touch became firmer he started spreading her cheeks to reveal her puckered hole. He rubbed a finger across her anus. Mimi opened her legs wider so the guys had easier access.
Alan slipped a finger into her pussy. She lifted her hips slightly. Dark hair pushed a finger into her anus. She squealed with delight.
"Would you like me and Adam to do your front as well?" Alan asked. Mimi didn't answer but turned on to her back.
I noticed that the three of them had attracted an audience. Several guys were stood or sat watching them. Most of them were rubbing their cocks as was Christophe and Andy. I had an aching erection but knew I would come at the slightest touch.
Alan and Adam poured more oil onto Mimi's breasts and stomach. Adam concentrated on her breasts, massaging them gently and pinching her nipples. Alan rubbed the oil into Mimi's stomach before giving up any pretence of protecting her from the sun. He started a slow finger fuck while rubbing Mimi's clit. She pushed her hips up to meet his fingers. He increased the pace.
Adam, still massaging her breast, moved so his erect cock was almost touching her face. Mimi turned her head so she could take him in her mouth.
Alan moved at breakneck speed with his finger fucking. Mimi arched her back. He moved his hand away just as she squirted a huge arc of her juices onto the grass. I heard some gasps from those watching.
Adam was now face fucking Mimi but she deep throated him easily. He soon came in her mouth. She took it all without spilling a drop.
Alan moved between Mimi's legs and pushed his cock into her. He started to gently fuck her before Mimi pleaded with him to fuck her harder. He pounded her harder. Mimi came again before he pulled out and sprayed an amazing amount of come on her face and chest.
"I wish I could have felt that inside me," Mimi said as she licked his come of off her lips.
As Alan and Adam moves away one of the watchers looked over to me for approval. I nodded.
He moved next to Mimi caressing her breasts and sucking her nipples. He moved down her body licking and kissing as he went. He didn't care about licking Alan and Adam's come off of her.
When he started licking Mimi's pussy she started twitching. When he started rimming her arsehole she started bucking like a bronco. Mimi loves sex but anal is her real turn on. As he kept licking her arsehole he pushed a finger into her anus, Mimi squealed with pleasure as usual when her arse gets invaded.
This guy obviously liked anal sex as he stopped rimming her and pushed his cock into her arsehole. I wondered if he cared what sex the recipient was as I watched him pound her arse. He didn't withdraw and came inside her. When he moved away I watched his come leak out of her arse.
Mimi beckoned Andy over and laid him on his back on her towel. She straddled him and guided his cock into her pussy. As soon as they were comfortable she signalled me over, I knew what she wanted and as she was all ready well lubricated pushed my cock up her arse. We struck up a good rhythm. Christophe, obviously feeling left out, moved next to Mimi so she could suck his cock, which she did with alacrity.
I let the side down again and came very quickly adding more semen to the load in her arse. Luckily Andy lasted long enough to ensure Mimi enjoyed another orgasm. Almost immediately he came in her pussy, followed quickly by Christophe emptying his load on her face.
As we lay back on the grass no one else made a move on Mimi. Once again she looked disappointed.
"Let's have another swim and head back," Christophe suggested.
The three of us walked into the lake. We helped Mimi clean the semen from her face and hair.
"We can do this properly when we get back," Christophe said.
We went back to the meadow and dried off. Handing the towels back to Andy we thanked him and made our way back to the pub car park.
As we drove back to the society house Mimi was a little quiet.
"What's the matter, love?" I asked her.
"It's been a lovely day but frustrating in a lot of ways," she replied.
"What do you mean?" Christophe asked as he drove back.
"Everything today has been really exciting but it just seemed to fall short." Mimi went on. "Every time I got really excited it just came to an end."
"I think you've been spoilt," Christophe said.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"I think you two have experienced some wonderful times so it's difficult to find new exciting challenges to try,"
I wasn't sure how to reply as we pulled into a two thirds empty car park at the society house.
We headed straight to the basement. The three of us showered as Christophe and I double teamed Mini. She didn't object and enjoyed her best orgasm of the day nearly drowning Christophe as he had his head buried between her legs as she gushed and gushed.
After we dried off we sat in the lounge. None of us bothered dressing. Christophe opened a bottle of Chianti and poured a glass for each of us.
"What did you mean earlier about needing new challenges?" Mimi asked him.
"You two are a unique couple," he replied. "Mimi you are a very beautiful lady who enjoys showing off. You also have an incredibly high sex drive. Nick, you're a good looking guy and you two make a very attractive couple but you recognise that Mimi could never be satisfied in a monogamous relationship however good that may be. You also enjoy sharing Mimi with other men and encourage her to enjoy herself. The understanding you share of each other is a rare and precious thing."
"That's very flattering," I said, "but what sort of new challenges do think we should be looking for?"
"You said yourself, Mimi, that you found today very frustrating at times," he said.
"I enjoyed it but it fell a bit short somehow, not for the first time," Mimi added.
"I think that is because men behave differently knowing your husband is present. They don't really let go as they would if you weren't there Nick or didn't know you were her husband."
"Are you suggesting I should allow Mimi carte blanche to go with anyone?" I replied indignantly.
"Of course not," Christophe replied, "but if Mimi could be taken by a man or men who weren't aware that you knew what was going on they would be more relaxed and satisfy Mimi even more."
"That does sound exciting," Mimi joined in, "but how could we arrange that and carry it out safely."
"Do you have security cameras in your bedrooms?" he asked.
"We're getting them fitted this weekend," i told him.
"So why not let Mimi pick up a guy or two and bring them back to your place. You can watch them perform and step in if things got out of hand."
"That does sound exciting," Mimi said. She definitely liked that idea.
I must admit the idea of using the cameras that way had already occurred to me.
"I can give you another example of how you could achieve the same thing safely," Christophe added.
"Go on," I said.
"If you let Mimi spend a day or two with someone you know who then shared her with his friends, those friends wouldn't be aware that you knew about it. If everything was filmed you could watch it after the event."
Mimi was touching herself thinking about it.
"I guess you're the 'someone' I know," I replied.
"Well I'd certainly like to be but it can be anyone you trust enough to carry it off."
"So if I was to come to model for you, you and your family and friends would use me as a fuck doll," Mimi asked.
"I guess that's the bottom line," Christophe replied, "but I guarantee you would enjoy it as it would be more spontaneous."
"So when can we arrange this?" Mimi said.
"We're committed to a few other things," I added, "but it does sound like a plan."
Christophe topped up our glasses. He let the idea hang in the air for a while.
"What do want to do tonight?" he asked us.
"I'd like to get banged by every guy in the bar like the slut I am," Mimi replied.
"You're not a slut," I said. "You can behave like one but it's only an act."
"But if I want to be a slut and I behave like a slut then I must be a slut," She answered.
"It doesn't work like that," Christophe added. "Last night you were dressed as an Indian squaw but you weren't one. You were just Mimi role playing. If you want to be a slut tonight it would only be another role you are playing."
"Dinner is at seven thirty tonight," Christophe informed us.
"We better go and dress," I said to Mimi.
"I reckon I can provide clothes for both of you," Christophe said. With that he disappeared into the cavernous wardrobe area. He came back with an armful of clothes. He passed me a pair of white linen pants and a sleeveless muscle vest also in white. I pulled the clothes on. I have to admit that Christophe had an eye for sizes as they were both a comfortable fit.
"You look scrumptious," Mimi said as I checked myself out in the mirror.
"You look like the alpha male, which is exactly what you are," Christophe added laughing. "If you ever realise what a good looking guy you are Mimi will have to fight the other women off."
I blushed. "What size shoes do you wear?" he asked me. I told him and he found me a pair of loafers.
He handed Mimi a pair of white hold up stockings. She put them on.
"Can I go to dinner like this," she said giving a little twirl in front of the mirror.
"How about a seductive look than can turn slutty whenever you want it to." Christophe said handing her a wrap around dress. It was a dark green silk like material. She put it on and looked in the mirror.
"What do you think?" she asked
"I think every man that sees you will want to fuck you," I said honestly
"You think that all the time," she replied.
"I haven't been proved wrong yet." She gave me a playful punch in the arm.
"The beauty of that dress is that you can tie it as tightly or loosely as you like depending how much you want to show off," Christophe said. He went to a drawer and pulled out a matching thong and handed it to Mimi.
"Wear this. If you're going to start the evening as a tease you need to keep some of your charms secret."
Christophe then dressed Mimi's hair piling it on top of her head in such a way that it looked classy but slutty at the same time.
"Shall we get a drink in the bar before dinner," I suggested.
Christophe quickly dressed in a casual suit.
"Let's go," he said
Keith was already in the bar when we arrived. We joined him at the bar. The DJ was setting up his gear.
"You look stunning as always," He said to Mimi standing so she could sit on his barstool. As she sat the dress parted sliding off of her legs revealing her thighs and nearly her panties.
"You may want to fasten the dress a little tighter," I suggested.
"Or loosen it a bit more," Christophe added.
"After dinner you perv," Mimi replied to him giggling.
We took our drinks through to the dining room. There were less than a quarter of the guests that had stayed for Sunday night compared to last night but there were still around 40. There were only a few women among the diners but all seemed to be in the company of four or five men.
The only person I recognised was Abigail but there was no sign of James. I excused myself and went over to say hello. Abigail stood when I greeted her and moved away from the table. She kissed me on both cheeks.
"No James tonight?" I asked.
"No he left early with his harem of aging slappers," she replied. "I don't care as I will be entertaining my friends in my room this evening and it is better when he's not here." She echoed what Christophe had said earlier.
"I'm in room 21 if you wish to join me later. Bring Mimi; I'm sure some of my friends could give her a good time," she said almost whispering.
"Maybe," I replied. "I'll have to go. They've just served our starters. I gave her a kiss on the cheek and hurried back to our table.
I told Mimi about the invite from Abigail.
"It's always an option if it's boring in the bar," Mimi replied
"I promise you it won't be boring in the bar tonight," Christophe added
We enjoyed the rest of our meal and the wine that was flowing freely then made our way back to the bar.
Mimi managed to grab another Duroen before Christophe led her to a table at the back of the bar in a small alcove. It wouldn't have been my choice of where to sit. Keith and I got the drinks and joined them. Once we had settled in to our seats I had to admit that it was a good choice as we had a full view of the bar but enjoyed a modicum of privacy.
The bar was filling up quickly. There were a few women but the majority were men. I spotted one of the guys from the garden this morning; it was the guy who went down on her and gave her the first orgasm. He was sat on his own so I went over and invited him to join us. He introduced himself as Ray. Mimi recognised him straight away.
"Where are your other two friends from this morning?"She asked him.
"I don't know them. I just joined in as I was walking past. I hope you enjoyed it," he replied. This guy certainly wasn't shy.
"Are you on your own?" Christophe asked him.
"No, my wife is here too. She's entertaining a few friends in our room. Sometimes she prefers it if I'm not there," he replied. There was the third endorsement of allowing Mimi a bit more freedom.
"I didn't get to blow you this morning did I?" Mimi asked him.
"No you didn't but you did let me fuck you. That more than made up for it," he replied.
"You made me come so I still owe you a blow job," she said
"You better pay your debt now. You never know if you'll meet again," I suggested. Keith was already recording.
With that Mimi reached across the table and took Ray by the hand and pulled him to the back of the booth where we were sat. When he was stood next to her she turned her back to me and started undoing his belt and trousers. She soon started blowing him. I held her head. I wasn't being encouraging but I remembered what happened in the bath tub with Danny; I didn't want another bloody nose.
Mimi has perfected her cock sucking skills and it wasn't long before Ray filled her mouth with his come. She swallowed it down pushing a small leakage on her chin back into her mouth with her finger. Ray adjusted his dress.
"I hope I get to fuck you again before the night's out," he said kissing Mimi on the forehead before returning to his seat.
"I hope so too," Mimi replied.
"I'm just going to freshen up," She continued, picking up her bag and heading to the washroom.
The DJ was playing some music but nobody was dancing yet. I scanned the room. It was obvious that Mimi and I were the youngest people here as most of the others were in their thirties or older. I was not surprised as that was just about the case at every society function we had attended. It also suited Mimi as she much prefers older men.
I saw her come out of the washroom and head to DJ booth. They talked for a short while. Whatever was said put a beaming smile on the DJ's face.
Mimi hurried back to the table. I notice her dress was tied even more loosely.
She took a long sip of her drink and told me we were dancing to the next song.
"Come on let's liven the place up" she said pulling me on to the dance area as her favourite song started; Move closer by Phyllis Nelson. I think I'm a good dancer and we normally smooch well together but on this occasion Mimi just used me as a pole to dance round.
It must have been very erotic for anyone watching as Mimi flashed her panties and boobs a lot and rubbed my groin regularly; enough that I had a sizeable bulge in my slacks. It inspired a few more couples to join us. All of the women were dressed to show off and it looked like it was going to be a good healthy battle to see who could gain the most attention.
When the song finished Christophe cut in for the next dance. I watched as he exposed her breasts for all to see. He sucked and pinched her nipples before pushing his hand inside her panties. Again he inspired everyone to follow suit. Most of the women had two or three dance partners and so it proved for Mimi as well.
As soon as Christophe moved away two guys moved in on Mimi. They soon had her dressed untied but she wouldn't let them take it off completely. Elsewhere several women were being molested. One or two were almost stripped by their dance partners. Mimi was soon on her knees blowing her new dance partners. Not to be outdone some of the other women were having full sex on the dance floor; two were being spit roasted. It was fast becoming the best night of the weekend.
It was a bit like a sexual merry-go-round as the guys moved round taking turns with each of the women, Mimi included. She let a couple of guys fuck her but only standing up and only allowing them to move her panties to one side. Keith was in his element recording everything he could. As he had told us earlier there were plenty of fixed cameras recording everything going on in the bar in case he missed anything.
Mimi came back to the table for a drink.
"Are you enjoying yourself," I asked her.
"It's lovely," she said, "I love all these older men's cocks. They are so appreciative."
The DJ announced he was taking a break and put on some background music. As he moved away from his booth he looked over at Mimi. She nodded her head to him.
"I promised him a blow if he played my request," Mimi told us picking up her bag and walking over to the DJ. They walked to a side door.
"She is some woman," Christophe said. "I've never known a girl who loves sex as much as Mimi."
"She is also very photogenic," Keith added. "I think she is close to most men's fantasy woman."
"She could be the richest model in the world if she needed the money," I said. "I think she would be a porn star in a different life."
"She could be an amateur porn star if she fancies it," Christophe said.
"She already is," Keith said.
The DJ came back and starting playing some more ballads for people to grind to. Mimi didn't come back immediately. I gave it a couple of songs and went out to see if she was OK.
As I walked to the door the DJ smiled at me. It looked like he had Mimi's panties poking out of his shirt pocket.
The door led to the garden we were in earlier. As I walked out I could hear Mimi enjoying herself.
Her dress was off and lying over the back of a bench. I moved into the shadows watching as Mimi, sitting on the bench, blew two guys in turn before standing and leaning on the back of the bench.
"I want to feel you cocks inside me," I heard her say to them. They took turns in fucking her doggy style until Mimi turned and sat on the bench again.
"Please come on my face. I want to feel your warm come on my face and taste it in my mouth."
The two guys began jerking off. One came quite quickly aiming his cock so he covered Mimi's nose and chin with his jizz. She sucked his cock clean before turning her attention to the second guy.
He lasted longer and he delivered a far larger load, covering Mimi's face.
She thanked them both saying she hoped she would see them later as they dressed and went back into the bar. As Mimi cleaned her face and pulled her dress on I sneaked back to my seat.
I watched as she came back into the bar. She went to the DJ. He offered her her panties but she waved it away before heading to the washrooms.
She eventually rejoined us at the table.
"You were a long time," Christophe said smiling.
"We had a small audience while I blew the DJ," she answered, "they asked me nicely if I would blow them as well. I didn't like to refuse. One thing led to another and I ended up fucking them all."
"How many are we talking about here?" I asked.
"Only four; I dealt with them in pairs," she replied. I was pleased that she told me about it.
"Right come on you two, let's show them how it's done," Mimi said dragging Christophe and I onto the dance floor. Looking back over her shoulder at Keith she said "You keep filming, I'll make sure you have a good time later." He just nodded and smiled.
Christophe took Mimi's dress off as soon as we got to the dance floor. She helped him and me to undress so the three of us were naked, as were most people in the bar by this time. Mimi bent at the waist so we could spit roast her in a standing position. After Christophe and I had changed places a few times Mimi pushed me to the floor telling me to lie on my back. She straddled me guiding my cock into her pussy. She beckoned Christophe behind her so he could push his cock up her arse. Ray who had been sat quietly at our table since his blow job stripped off and offered his erect cock to Mimi's mouth. She took it with enthusiasm sucking him for all she was worth.
The three of us changed positions treating Mimi like a sex doll. She wasn't complaining as she enjoyed orgasm after orgasm. When we were all ready we just laid Mimi on her back and covered her with our come. We treated her like a slut but she loved it. As we moved away other guys took our places. Mimi loved it as nearly every guy in the bar took their turn with her. She took them all on in whatever position they wanted, in whatever hole they wanted.
An hour or so later she staggered back to the table, covered in come with semen dripping from her pussy and anus.
"I think I need a shower," she said. "You can and wash my back, Keith,"
"Let's get a bottle of brandy and go back to our room for a nightcap," I suggested.
Mimi and Keith headed for the lift while Christophe and I went to the bar. We decided to have a large Armagnac.
"Mimi is a quite incredible lady," Christophe said as we sat at the bar.
"I know," I replied, "I love her dearly and I really enjoy sharing her with other men but I worry that I might lose her. I think she might outgrow me."
"That will never happen," Christophe replied. "As a man who has shared her I know how much she loves you."
I took some solace from that.
We got a bottle of brandy and went back to our room. When we got to the room Mimi and Keith were still in the shower. They were beyond needing a wash. The moans from both of them gave the game away.
I set the glasses on the coffee table opened the brandy and filled two of them for me and Christophe.
"I shouldn't drink so much," I said knocking back the brandy and refilling my glass.
"You're young; you can handle it," Christophe said, "and you keep yourself fit."
"I quite like being pissed," I said.
Mimi and Keith joined us; she had a robe on. Keith had dressed. He looked a little sheepish.
"I promise I'll provide great videos and much as I've enjoyed tonight I need to sleep." he said apologetically, as he took his equipment and left the room.
"I enjoyed having Keith, he was a gentle lover," Mimi remarked, "it was nice after all the madness in the bar."
"Didn't you enjoy it in the bar?" I asked her.
"It was fabulous. I enjoyed behaving like a complete slut and being used as a sex doll but it was nice to have gentle sex with a caring partner," she replied.
I poured us all another brandy.
"I better take it easy," Christophe said, "I have to drive in the morning."
"Have you got time to fuck me again," Mimi asked teasingly.
"I will always have time for you, he replied. "I'd love you to meet my family. My father is coming over from Italy next month; it will also be about the time when we start preparing the new autumn collection. I'd love you to model for us."
"Will your family gangbang me?" she asked.
"If that's what you want," he replied. "I couldn't guarantee it being as wild as tonight but you will be well looked after,"
"Text me the dates and we'll pencil it in," I told him.
"Shall we have some practice now?" Mimi asked coyly.
"You go through. I'll be with you shortly," I replied. Mimi led Christophe to the bedroom as I poured myself another Brandy. I could hear the sound of them fucking before I passed out on the couch.
When I awoke a couple of hours later Mimi and Christophe were fast asleep wrapped in each other's arms. I climbed on the bed and spooned into Mimi's back. My last thought before falling asleep was what an incredible birthday celebration I had.