Acrobatics 11 - Exhibition with Joan
When Jack got back to his house that evening Karen was so passionate she almost attacked him. After the last couple of days he didn't think he could perform but she insisted.
Jack wound up kneeling between his wife's naked thighs stroking her G-spot with one hand and stroking himself to an erection with the other. As she got close to an orgasm he stuffed his soft penis in her hot pussy. Karen came almost immediately. Jack couldn't keep the erection much less have an orgasm.
Even though Jack was embarrassed about his performance with his wife he enjoyed the experience. However he was concerned about Karen. She was very understanding, claiming that it was actually good sex. She even went out of her way to mention how hot it was for her when he was kneeling above her with his dick in his hand. He hoped that since she had an orgasm maybe it was OK for now. It occurred to Jack that his life would get back to normal after Monday's exhibition and Joan's returning home to California.
The next day was Sunday, the day of rest. Mary had not planned a Sunday workout and Jack was relieved. He wanted to lounge around the house and spend a little time with his wife. The only interruption was when Mary called in the afternoon to let him know exactly when and where to show up for his and Joan's exhibition on Monday.
Jack arrived at the local college campus a little nervous. He was worried that he might look silly as an unskilled adult volunteer helping Joan perform a few tricks. He walked into the gymnasium wearing gym shorts and the blue T-shirt that his wife liked.
Jack looked around and spotted Mary and Joan among several other girls and an older woman. The woman was the teacher who would be deciding whether Joan passed or failed based on this one performance. The other four or five girls were all college students who were members of the gymnastics club. This was their normal workout time and they were exercising on different pieces of equipment.
Mary introduced Jack to the teacher. Then Mary called Joan over and discussed the arrangement while the teacher observed.
"Joan, as you know this is for a pass or fail grade. You will work with Jack to show you have mastered certain acrobatic skills and Ms. Smith will judge your performance." Mary turned to face Ms. Smith. "Joan and I have worked on a routine and the plan is for Joan to talk Jack through it. He knows the tricks but not the routine. Does this all sound right Ms. Smith?"
"Yes Mary, that will be fine." The woman turned to the other girls. "Everyone stop working out and come over here for Joan's exhibition."
Jack and Joan looked in each other's eyes and Jack could see she was very nervous.
"Oh no Jack! She's making us do this in front of an audience!"
"You'll do fine Joan. You're a great athlete and these tricks are all easy for you now."
Jack looked over at the disinterested girls surrounding the teacher. They ranged in size and looks from a small dark haired girl with a pageboy haircut to a taller and somewhat bosomy redhead. Only one of them was black like Joan. They all seemed very serious and not very concerned about Jack or Joan.
Jack stretched as Joan took off her warm-ups. She was wearing the same revealing tan colored outfit as a few days before. It showed a lot of Joan's dark skin and the fabric was very thin. At least it was not almost transparent like it was out in the sunlight. Jack took a moment to admire the shape of her large breasts and muscular butt. Joan straightened up to see Jack's expression, and she smiled.
"I knew you'd like this outfit. Maybe it will keep people entertained even if we don't do the acrobatics that well."
Jack involuntarily looked over at the spectators and noticed the small dark haired girl say something to the girl next to her, while looking at Joan. He imagined that it was some comment about Joan's skimpy outfit.
Mary came by and gave them a little encouragement. "I know you two will do a good job. Jack, it's OK for you to look unsure of what you're doing since we all know you are not familiar with the exact routine. But you need to make Joan look as good as possible. Ya'll can start when you're ready."
Jack followed Joan to the middle of the padded floor area. Joan had them stand back to back. Incredibly, Jack felt Joan give him a little butt wiggle with her exposed ass cheeks. He didn't think anyone else would notice but she sure was gutsy.
"Right after me, do a front roll and a straight-legged front roll then turn to face me."
Mary announced loudly and clearly to the spectators, "First will be some front and back rolls."
Even though Jack's back was toward Joan he managed to keep her in his peripheral vision. On the very first roll Joan lost her balance and let her arms fly to one side. Jack made sure to stumble and actually fall to the side then straighten up. Joan and then Jack did good straight-legged front rolls.
As Jack turned to face Joan she spoke across the distance, "Now do a back roll and a straight-legged back roll."
They were moving apart but facing each other so Jack could clearly see that Joan stumbled again on the back roll. Jack made sure to look even worse on his back roll to take attention away from Joan. She had just flubbed the two easiest tricks she knew and Jack was worried about her. Joan's expression looked wide-eyed and scared. Jack smiled at her and nodded to calm her down.
They both did good straight-legged back rolls. Joan's toe point was not very good but the teacher probably would not hold that against her. Jack looked over at the observing group and they all looked bored, including the teacher.
As Jack and Joan straightened up they were about 30 feet apart. Joan's next communication was very simple. "Catch me."
One thing Joan could do better than almost anyone was run and jump. She seemed to be at full speed within one step. And what a step! Her knees were pumping high and her fists were clinched as she quickly closed the distance. From Jack's vantage point he could see her large shapely breasts bouncing wildly. What impressed the small audience was the view of her large bare muscular buttocks churning aggressively across the room.
Joan launched from a point that looked too far away from Jack. She shot into the air like a rocket with her arms stretched together and straight over her head. Instead of looking forward to see where she would land Joan pulled her head back and looked up high, showing courage, and faith in the person catching her.
Joan soared incredibly high in the air and easily covered the distance to Jack. With her head still held high Joan landed in his arms and he was able to make it look smooth and easy. She kept her arms stretched over her head and Jack flipped her upright hugging her against him. He spoke loudly to encourage her.
"Way to go gyirl!"
As Jack lowered Joan to stand on the mat she draped her arms around his neck. His hands grazed along her bare buttocks and he politely moved them to her sides. Jack looked over at the gymnasts with their teacher.
"You got their attention with that jump!"
Joan was smiling up at Jack as they heard Mary announce to the group, "And of course that was an excellent leap and catch." Mary continued, "Next will be some balance moves."
Jack and Joan proceeded through the moves in which he held her in several poses and tricks from the reclined position. Then they did some handstand moves but of course Joan needed help to stay vertical, as expected. On almost all the moves Jack spoke words of encouragement loud enough for the group to hear him.
"Nice rotation." "Good job." "That was terrific."
Joan seemed to beam under the spotlight. Mary calmly announced each family of moves with a little theatrical flair. Then came the move that Joan was afraid of, the shoulder stand and dismount.
Joan knew the mechanics of the move well because she could do it in the pool. But on land she had always been very shaky. She seemed to have good confidence as she locked hands with Jack and climbed from his thigh to his shoulders. Jack and Joan faced the audience as she stood on his shoulders with his hands supporting her ankles.
The next move was supposed to be a seated position drop into Jack's arms. Instead Joan spoke down to him, "L-sit in your hands." She had never done that before. Jack hesitated and Mary took over.
"Joan wants to do a move she's never done before."
One hand at a time, Jack placed his palms on Joan's bare buttocks. She sat on his hands and raised her legs up to form an L-sit with her arms stretched straight out from her sides. Joan's body was shaking and Jack could tell that she was afraid but she was performing well.
Mary and the rest of the crowd burst into applause. They even continued clapping as Joan lowered her feet back to Jack's shoulders. This audience knew the importance of rewarding someone who was trying hard to excel.
Jack got ready for Joan's dismount into his arms when he couldn't believe his ears.
"Press me up."
Jack stood there with his mouth open as Mary took over.
"Joan wants to do another move she's never done before. Joan I know you can do it, just stay calm and confident even though your legs will shake. Jack, remember to bend your legs."
Joan stepped into his hands one at a time at the level of his shoulders. On the cue from Mary, Jack slowly bent his legs and then extended as he pressed Joan above his head with her standing in his hands. They both shook violently and Jack had to keep adjusting his footing but they stayed balanced.
The clapping had already started when Joan spoke down to Jack, "I want to do a twisting dismount from up here." Everyone stopped clapping.
There was a short silence. Mary called up to her, "Joan I think you can do this, but are you sure you want to try it?'
Joan just nodded.
"Jack, you're going to bend your knees again and this time Joan will dismount and twist until she lands horizontally in your arms. I'm letting her try this because I know you can catch her safely."
On the cue from Mary Jack slowly bent his legs. Then he extended and Joan jumped. It was awkward but she was twisting mostly in a straight position. As she came down to the point where Jack could catch her she had gone past horizontal and had twisted past the sitting position.
Jack knew his job now was to keep Joan from getting hurt even if it did not look good. He just grabbed what he could and gave with his knees.
They ended up with Joan in his arms but Jack had gone all the way down into a full squat. She was twisted around facing the crowd with Jack's arms supporting her. One of his palms was directly on her boob, and the other was holding her crotch.
Joan was patient as Jack carefully stood up with her in his arms. As he got straight he juggled Joan around to a seated position. The two of them smiled to the crowd as he swung her around to her feet.
Not only did the group erupt into applause they all immediately hurried to congratulate Joan. Before they could get there Jack turned to face the beaming Joan. They looked directly into each other's wide open eyes.
"Joan I am so impressed with you!"
Jack placed his hands on Joan's shoulders, giving her a gentlemanly hug and a peck on the cheek. Joan responded by placing her palms right on Jack's butt cheeks. Suddenly the group was on them and Jack was blushing with embarrassment as a couple of the girls looked at him as if he were pervert. Mostly it was a mass of loud chatter and compliments for Joan. A couple of the girls actually patted him on the back too.
Mary was standing back from the group when Jack caught her eye. She mouthed the words, "Good Job. Thank you."
Through the chatter Jack heard the teacher's voice speaking to Joan. "Of course you pass the course. In fact I just want you to know that most girls take years before they attempt that last trick."
Joan's smile was a thing of beauty. It communicated her genuine pride and relief, and it absolutely lit up the room. Suddenly the elderly teacher was at Jack's elbow talking to him.
"Jack I want to tell you how much we appreciate your working with Joan and Mary on this. I know it must have been an inconvenience to have a job and do this in your spare time. From what Mary tells me ya'll even did most of the workouts in your back yard. Joan's volleyball coach will be relieved to know that Joan will be eligible in the fall."
Jack received the gratitude with some embarrassment. After all, what man wouldn't have jumped at the chance to do the same thing?
The teacher continued. "Jack you really have a flare for this. You have acrobatics skills and aptitude. It was also very sweet for you to encourage Joan when she was unsure of herself. And your stumbling around made her look better." The teacher gave him a knowing smile with a handshake and a pat on the back. Jack's face spread into a beaming smile almost like Joan's.
The gymnastics club girls started to get back to their workout. Jack looked around and saw Joan talking to Mary with both of them smiling and looking directly at him. Mary flagged down the teacher to speak with her.
Joan appeared at Jack's side tugging on his hand. "Come with me."
They walked at Joan's hurried pace to the back of the gym. Jack felt a little self-conscious at being led by the hand, but he looked around and everyone seemed to be preoccupied with their own activities. Even the teacher was busy with her back to them, discussing something with Mary. That's when Jack became somewhat guarded as he noticed that Mary watched them with a deliberate smile.
Joan led Jack through a door at the back of the gym to a dark hallway and finally to what looked like a coach's office. The lighting was a little dim and Jack squinted to scan the surface of the desk for a clue about why Joan and Mary would conspire to get him here. He thought maybe she would give him a candy bar or something.
Joan backed up to a large supply cabinet and jerked on Jack's arm. He fell into her and looked past her open mouthed smile into her dancing eyes.
"Oh! You got us a little privacy so we can have our traditional reward hug."
Joan just smiled even broader as Jack leaned his body into her and the file cabinet gave out a metallic noise behind her. Joan's hands roamed all over Jack's chest and back. He ran his hands down her sides to the exposed part of her outfit at her hips. Jack leaned his pelvis into hers as he ran his hands behind her to clutch her sizeable exposed buttocks.
"Oh yeah, Jack!"
Joan grabbed the back of Jack's head and pulled his face against hers. Her large breasts pushed against his chest as they shared a long passionate open-mouthed kiss. Jack kneaded her ass cheeks with both hands as he ground his stiffening dick against her.
Joan pulled her hands to her sides and slipped them under the top straps of her outfit. She pushed her hands up and her straps popped off of her shoulders. Her bare tits spilled out into the room.
Without having to think Jack enthusiastically put his mouth on one tit and a hand on the other. Joan moaned out her approval.
"Oohhh yeaaahhh, Jaaack!"
Jack started to regain his senses but he did not quit massaging her large globes. He spoke into her chest as he continued to mouth her puffy dark nipples.
"Damn Joan! We'd better be careful. This must be the teacher's office."
Joan spoke slowly. "Mary's keeping her away from us."
Jack thought for a second. "But anyone could walk in on us."
"If they do, I'll be glad to have them see me pinned up against this cabinet."
Jack looked up at Joan and saw an expression of pure passion as she looked intensely into his eyes. Jack responded by reaching a hand behind his head and pulling his T-shirt off. As he nestled back against Joan he lowered himself so that the head of his dick found her opening through their clothes, and he pushed upward. He slowly shook his shoulders to exalt in the feeling of his bare chest against her naked tits.
"That's it Jack. Push into me. I'm so hot I think I'll explode."
Jack lifted up on Joan as he began to dry hump her. She moved up and down against the cabinet, moaning with every push.
"Ahh, ahhh, ahhh!"
Joan slid her hands along Jack's back then down to his shorts. She pushed on them letting him know she wanted them off of him. Against his better judgment Jack shoved the shorts off and stood totally naked in front of Joan. She looked him over and watched their two bodies heave with their labored breathing. Then she grabbed Jack and pulled him tight against her.
The office was warm and they both already had a light sheen of sweat from the exhibition. Their warm moist skin heightened the feel of their bodies writhing against each other. With his shorts off Jack could really enjoy Joan's hot thighs. Jack's dick was again pressing against her opening through her thin stretchy outfit. He reached down to grasp one ass cheek as he continued to stroke her tits with his other hand.
Joan raised one leg off the floor to curl a heal behind Jack and pull him even tighter. The cabinet was groaning and creaking with their passionate movements.
The fabric covering Joan's pussy was so thin and stretchy that Jack's dick was getting into her opening. Joan reached down to caress his dick and then she reached with her fingers to pull the material to the side.
Jack slowly placed his throbbing cock at her open pussy. Joan's head was back and her eyes were half closed in anticipation. They both gasped as the head of his dick met her naked wet opening.
"AAHHHHHH!!!"
Joan's hand slipped and the elastic fabric she was holding to one side snapped like a rubber band against the sensitive head of Jack's dick.
"Ouch!"
Joan frantically tried to move it to the side again but the material would not cooperate and kept springing back between her pussy and his dick. Jack and Joan both giggled but it cooled them down a little bit. Jack slowly moved his hands along Joan's sides and under the material of her outfit, removing it from her body as he came down to one knee.
This made them both totally naked. They were breathing hard but not fast. Their clothing was scattered on the floor of the coach's office. The file cabinet they were leaning against was creaking but stable.
Still on one knee Jack reached around Joan and hugged her soft pussy against his chest. With his torso he could feel the outward curve of her athletic thighs and with his hands the resilience of her terrific butt. He caressed her legs and ass then moved his hands around to touch the inside of her thighs and her pussy. Joan purred with satisfaction.
"Mmmmmmmmmm."
Jack ran his fingers over Joan's mound and then specifically her clit. Joan leaned back against the cabinet as Jack stroked her clit with his cheek on her hip. She rotated her hips in response to his strokes.
Jack slowly switched to some G-spot rubbing but then realized that Joan did not seem as enthusiastic about that. He used his free hand on her clit but it was a little difficult one-handed. This would be better if he could get Joan to go along with his eating her pussy. Jack leaned in and gently licked Joan's clit.
"Oh shit!"
She did not say no so Jack licked again.
"Oh shit!"
Joan had stopped moving her hips but Jack could tell she liked it. He buried his face with enthusiasm in her hot trembling pussy.
"Oh shit...Oh shit...Oh shit!"
This was Jack's first time to have his face in a black woman's pussy. Joan tasted different from what he was used to. Not better or worse and not stronger or weaker, just distinctively different. Of course he liked it.
Joan was moving again and she was moving a lot. She relished the feel of what was happening down there but she wasn't sure about having a mouth on her pussy.
Joan's ass bounced along the supply cabinet and she squealed when she bounced against the cabinet's handle. Jack followed her movements while on one knee. He was able to continue stroking her G-spot with one hand. With the other hand he held her pussy lips apart as he attacked her clit with his mouth.
Joan never pulled her hips away. Actually she pushed her hips more forward and into Jack's eager face.
"OH SHIT...OH SHIT...OH SHIT!!!"
Joan ran out of cabinet space and wound up next to the desk. Jack pressed his face into her and she sat on the edge of the desk with a thud. A couple of pens and papers hit the floor as Joan's ass bounced around.
Jack never let up. He could tell that Joan was getting carried away with how good it felt. She had temporarily forgotten her taboo about eating pussy. Joan moved her hands to the back of Jack's head.
"MOTHER FUCKER! THAT FEELS GOOD!"
Joan was pounding her pussy into Jack's face as he picked up the tempo. She was getting close to an orgasm. Jack was working feverishly as Joan suddenly gripped his hair and pulled his face away to look up at her.
"JACK I'VE GOT TO HAVE YOUR DICK IN ME!!"
Jack sprang to stand with his body against Joan. He grabbed her ass with both hands and almost lifted her up as he pressed his bulk against her. As he bent for a kiss she hesitated and then gave herself over to a long deep kiss that had the faint taste of her pussy.
They broke the kiss and Joan moaned with her head tilted up and breathed heavily. Jack greedily kissed at the base of her neck as he flexed his knees trying to line his aching dick up with her hungry pussy. Joan's ass was on the desk and her legs were splayed out wide in the air. She reached between them for Jack's cock and pressed his tip to her hot opening. Jack pushed and they both groaned.
"AAHHHHHHHHH!!!"
Jack was in her pussy about an inch. The urgency to completely join was strong for both of them but the frantic feeling was gone now that his cock was in her pussy.
Jack pulled back slightly and pushed further in.
"Oh yes Jack!"
Jack thought about how snug Joan's pussy was. Even as hot and wet as she was it was going to take a few pushes to get all the way in.
Jack withdrew completely so that the head of his dick wasn't quite touching Joan's opening. She closed her eyes tight and formed an 'O' with her mouth showing her discomfort. In one smooth slow motion Jack slid his dick almost completely in her before reaching resistance.
"Ahhh. That's it Jack. That's what I need."
Rather than pull back, Jack ground his hips into her to sink himself completely. Joan wiggled her hips in return as they pressed their pubic bones together. Jack could feel the warmth of her ass against his balls as they moaned and steadily pushed.
Normally Jack would already be fighting against having an orgasm. Today he seemed to have good control. It was probably because of the extra sexual activity lately.
Jack kneaded Joan's ass muscles as she squirmed around. The two of them were balanced like a see-saw on the edge of the desk with one of Joan's hands extended to the back edge for steadiness. Her other hand was on Jack's hip encouraging him by digging in her fingers and pulling on him.
"Oh shit Joan! You feel so good!"
"Try to keep your voice down."
"You're the one making the most noise."
"Let's figure this out later. Just fuck me!"
Jack withdrew then slowly sank back in all the way to the hilt. This intense stimulation of their genitals took the breath out of both of them. Joan's ass slid a bit on the desk's surface as she grunted.
"Unghh!"
The next time Jack pulled back and then pushed in faster. Before long he had a good rhythm going with Joan's body vibrating across the desk as he pounded into her. Joan made it even more enjoyable by providing sound effects every time he hit bottom.
"Unghh..Unghh..Oooo..Oooo..Aaaa..Aaaa!"
Jack started fucking a little harder and Joan was sliding all over the desk. Her legs were flying around and her supporting arm kept slipping. Jack picked her up by supporting her ass as she wrapped her legs around him. He lifted her in the air and gently shoved her up against the supply cabinet.
Joan kept her legs wrapped around him. Jack and Joan looked like they were both working hard. Jack was holding Joan in the air as he leaned her against the cabinet. His hips were pounding and he had a serious expression.
Joan was hanging onto his neck with her arms and pulling on Jack with her heels on the back of his legs. Her eyes were squeezed tightly shut and she was grunting her way to an orgasm as she pushed against him.
"Unghh..Unghh..Unghh..Unghh!"
They could have heard the body slapping and squishing sounds of their lovemaking if they hadn't both been making so much other noise. As Joan got closer to an orgasm it excited Jack and he got close too. When she started coming he felt fortunate to be able to hang on until then.
"Uh, uh, uh, UH, UH, UUHH, AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!"
As Joan was convulsing Jack began his ramp up to orgasm. His hips were a blur and they could hear items falling off the shelves in the vibrating supply cabinet. His eruption started deep in his balls firing off nerves in his whole body. Just as he clinched tight up into Joan she stuck a finger right up against his asshole.
"OHH JOANNN!!! SHIT YEAHHHHHH!!!!!"
Jack jammed his cock into Joan several more times in concert with his jism launching up her pussy. He let go of one ass cheek and grabbed a tit as he pushed even harder.
As the pounding of blood through Jack's head started to slow down he noticed something out of the corner of his eye. A figure was standing in the doorway of the office just a few feet away. Joan could not see it because Jack's face was blocking her vision.
Jack turned his head to see the small dark haired gymnast with the page boy haircut. She stood perfectly still in the middle of the doorway with a horrified wide-eyed expression and fingers of both hands over her mouth. Jack released Joan's tit and raised a finger to his lips as he looked at her. The girl briefly looked at him but did not move and seemed to focus on Joan's large naked tit.
Joan grunted, "Ungh," and lowered one foot to the floor. When she did, Jack's deflated penis popped loose and into view, dribbling jism on his thigh. Unaware of their visitor Joan said breathlessly, "I sure needed that Jack."
The girl in the doorway was no longer looking at Jack. Her eyes were riveted on his swinging dripping dick pressed next to Joan's juicy pussy. The girl was frozen to the spot.
Jack thought what a shocking sight this must be for a young college student. Then his mind went a deviant direction; she sure is flat-chested for a college aged girl.
Finally the girl silently turned with her hands still covering her mouth and walked away. Jack's mind continued with another deviant thought; she sure has a nice butt for such a small flat-chested girl.
Joan was never aware of the girl's presence and Jack was too stunned to say anything. His mind was filled with a vision of his walking back out into the gym where the girl would probably be standing right next to the teacher and pointing at him.
Joan disentangled herself from Jack and kissed him affectionately before retrieving her clothing. Jack put his shorts and T-shirt back on without thought. Joan giggled at his listlessness.
"Jack, you have your shirt on inside-out. What's the matter, did I wear your ass out?" Jack went through the motions of relating to her as Joan continued. "God, this is like a perfect day. I was incredibly nervous about the exhibition. We performed great. I passed the course. It made me so happy I was about to burst. And I got to work off the extra steam with a good fucking from the guy who helped make it all happen!"
Joan giggled as they tried to straighten up the office. She turned to Jack and giggled some more.
"Jack, some of your come is showing through your shorts. Try pulling your shirttail out...Oh shit, it's on your shirt too. OK, walk right behind me back out through the gym area. We'll just waive to people on the way to the parking lot."
When they entered the gym room Jack felt like an idiot walking right behind Joan. Of course she was smiling and animated. She was perfectly relaxed waiving to Mary and others as they crossed the floor.
Jack frantically searched the room for the teacher. She had her back to them working with a girl on the high-low bars. Mary smiled and waived to him as he continued to scan the room. Then he located the small dark haired girl with the page boy haircut. She was standing next to the red haired girl and they both had wide-eyed and shocked expressions. They carefully watched Jack and Joan cross the floor. If the dark haired girl did say anything to the red head, Jack hoped that was the only person she spoke to.
Conclusion
Jack and Karen were in the kitchen after work the next day. Karen had calmed his fears from the day before by reminding him that students just didn't talk to faculty. If they did it would seem like a wild story about consenting adults that the faculty would rather not have to address. Jack's wife could be very practical, and she was on to other issues.
"Well Jack, we have one more week before our kids get back from my parents. Now that Joan has gone home for the summer you won't be needed for acrobatics anymore. We can get back to our normal daily lives."
"What about Mary?"
"I hope we do hear from her. But both girls clearly understood that you were only available for a short time. With Joan's test finished, I just don't see what could come up. You did a good job and both girls feel good about themselves."
The happy couple kissed and relaxed in each other's arms. Both of them thought that they had probably dodged potential bullets to their relationship but that all had turned out well.
Jack went to the bedroom to get his weight lifting clothes on. He was sitting on the bed pulling on his shoes when Karen came into the room and did a double-take as she glanced out the back window. Jack admired her beauty as she smiled and bent forward to look outside. Light reflected into the room creating a partial backlighting of Karen which outlined her striking face and full hanging breasts.
"Jack, come look at this!"
There was activity in the back yard that was confusing to Jack. Mary was placing the tumbling mats as if they had a workout planned. There was someone with her who was bent over adjusting a mat. It was another girl and as she straightened up Jack recognized her. It was the small dark haired girl with the page boy haircut!
Then another person entered their view from the patio area. It was another girl and she approached Mary for some sort of communication. The girl turned to look at the back doorway as if expecting Jack to come join them. It was the bosomy red haired girl and her expression revealed a shy smile!
Jack could feel Karen looking at him. He faced his wife with a bewildered expression. Karen looked at him with bright eyes and a growing smile.
"It looks like you'd better get back there!"
As Jack robotically headed for the back door his mind gave him the gift of a new deviant thought, "Between the gymnastics club and the volleyball team, I wonder how many girls there are."
(PLEASE COMMENT.)