Left Naked on a Stranger's Porch
In Atlanta Sally Dankworth was not know as a prude, but certainly was not know as a slut. She was a young successful woman in business, but the field of truly eligible men was small. She dated on occasion and was by no means a virgin. She was thought of as normal in her personal life. Professionally she had become high profile. The company she worked for was successful and they liked having her be the face and voice of the company. She played the game well, getting active in various business and trade groups and playing the media. She became a reliable source of quotes in here area of expertise and was quoted often in both the local media and sometimes nationally. Her face was also the "expert" that appeared on the news when there were issues in her sector.
All that being said, there was an inner slut. And an inner exhibitionist. And an inner submissive. And they came out when she was on the road. Her job sent her to conferences about a dozen times a year. She usually had a presentation to make and the rest of the time she found that it didn't matter much if she was there or not so long as she did a little networking. In a different city she could go a little crazy. She usually stayed at a hotel that was not where the conference was held and didn't go to the bar in the hotel lobby. Her conferences were normally in a hotel in the suburbs. She would find a hotel in the city and normally where there was another big conference being held at that hotel. She found that she could "hunt" more effectively in whatever local club had music and dancing and targeted the millennial crowd. A pretty girl who sends out the right signals can almost always get laid.
Sally knew how to send the right signals. She would dress the slut role. The locals or visitors from out of town didn't know or care who she was, so long as she was sucking on their dicks or letting them pound her cunt. Sally always got laid. It was so anonymous. If they were into kinky, she could out-kinky them. She loved walking down to get ice totally naked. She'd never gotten caught. Her favorite position was naked on her knees in front of a still clothed guy, sucking until he came with her swallowing every drop. If he came on her face she used her fingers to move the cum into her mouth. If some got on the floor she greedily lapped it up. She loved cleaning off their cocks with her mouth after they'd cum inside of her, regardless of which hole they used. If they used a condom she'd clean that out too. She'd been fucked on the balcony and pissed on in the tub, swallowing now and then. She'd done blowjobs in the hallway and once even on an elevator, always naked. Few guys got away before she sucked on their toes and licked their asshole. Whatever they wanted she would oblige. The more perverted, the kinkier, the more submissive and the riskier the more she was turned on. Hey, she wasn't in Atlanta. It didn't interfere with her real life.
* * *
Ed was not one of the good guys. He was based in a small city in the Midwest, but his business took him a month or so at a time all over the country. He was good at what he did and was paid well for it. While he was in town he would troll for women. He used a assumed name, a burner phone and paid for hotels and rental cars out of a Venmo account that was untraceable. While he liked to have sex with women, what really rocked his boat was humiliating them. Not in the bedroom, but afterwards and more permanently.
He loved to get some pictures of them nude, fucking and sucking. He always had some hidden cameras in his room, but he was always surprised how many would willingly pose in the heat of passion or let him film them. He tried to learn as much about them as he could and then destroy their lives after he left town. Send pictures and links to their contact list, their Facebook friends and their LinkedIn contacts. Post them on porn websites with their names and contact information on the pictures. Hell, post them on professional and neighborhood websites that she frequents. There were more than a few marriages that he single-handedly destroyed.
He enjoyed making collages with their clothed "normal" pictures side by side with their nude "slut" photos with humiliating captions and their real name and identifying information on them. The gold standard was when he could take a picture of their drivers license and other ID's of find pictures of them with name tags or posing in front of something like a diploma or nameplate. It's amazing what people post on their Facebook pages. Sometimes he could find video of them in personal or business situations and run them side by side with their sex videos and photos. Whacking off in his basement to the shambles of their lives was even more intense than sex with the real girl.
* * *
Sally got off the conference outside Baltimore at around 6PM and didn't have to be back until the next afternoon. She was asked to go out afterwards, but she said that she was staying with family. She went back to her hotel and took a long hot bath, shaving her legs and vaginal areas smooth. She had found a club downtown that looked perfect. She spent a lot of time getting ready. Heavy on the makeup. Expensive perfume. Pretty red cocktail dress. Strapless, tight and short, but not too short. No bra. She didn't really need one with her B cups. No panties. She she would not want them getting in the way. Spiked heels. Formal purse with her ID, credit cards, phone and a little cash. It was cool and going to get colder, but she didn't want to be saddled with a coat. She would Uber there and back so she wouldn't be out in the cold too long. She smoked two joints that she had brought with her before she left.
The club was not really too far from her hotel, but she wasn't walking there in those heels, dressed the way she was with a temperature in the low 50's and dropping. When she got there, she was comfortable. She sat at the bar and ordered a vodka rocks. The music was loud, just the way she liked it. She scoped out the action and immediately noticed a guy who stood out. The only guy who wore a sport coat. Handsome. Piercing eyes. Looked early thirties, just a little older than her. She saw him look at her and they made eye contact. They smiled at each other and he made his way over.
* * *
Ed noticed her when she came into the club. Hell, the red dress would attract anyone's eye. And she looked great in it. He noticed that she came in alone. Maybe she was meeting someone. When they locked eyes, however, and smiled at each other it was clear to him that she was also looking to meet someone new. And if her attire was any indication she wasn't a "third date girl."
* * *
"Hi, I'm Steve. I always notice when a pretty girl walks into a room," said Ed, lying about his name.
Sally replied "Well I'm flattered."
Small talk ensued. Ed made sure that her vodka rocks was never empty. They moved from the bar to a table and small couch. Sally made sure that she was nuzzled into him and rubbed his leg, stomach, chest, etc. whenever she could. Ed paid her all the attention that she wanted. About four vodka rocks later it was the 2AM closing time Ed suggested that they go back to his house. He said that he lived in Baltimore's Little Italy neighborhood, which is now largely Hispanic. He said that he bought a large old house very cheap and spent a lot rehabbing it. It was great now, but he was planning on selling it for a big profit and doing the same thing again. It was all a lie, but sounded so plausible.
The valet brought out his rental, a pretty large sporty sedan. Sally left the seat belt off and snuggled next to him. She didn't really pay attention to where they were going, closing her eyes for a good part of the trip. At red lights she would nibble on his neck, lick his ear and fondle his manhood. Twenty minutes later he stopped.
* * *
Ed put the car in park and said "We're here." He then turned and wrapped his arms around Sally. They kissed as he pushed his tongue into her mouth. She sucked it in and tried to grind her tits into his chest. He fingered her clit and it drove her crazy.
After a little bit, he whispered to her "Scoot up a little." She didn't know exactly what he meant, but she lifted her butt off the seat a little. Ed immediately pulled her dress up and continued until it was over her head and off her arms. He tossed it in the back seat.
Sally was somewhat startled to find herself basically naked in a car. With the pot and the vodka, however, she didn't react startled. She went back to their embrace and making out. Ed continued to caress her clit and thought "Perfect." She got more and more excited and finally came with a shriek. The windows were closed on the car as well as in all of the housed nearby so no one heard.
When she caught her breath, Ed gently moved her to lean against the passenger side door. Ed said "I like my women completely naked" and with that he pulled off her shoes and tossed them into the back seat with her dress.
He reached into her purse, pulled out her phone and asked "What's your code to get into your phone?"
Without thinking, Sally said "6666."
Ed said "Great. Smile!" and snapped a picture. This time she looked startled.
Ed said "Remember, it's your phone. That way these pictures will be your property and you won't have to worry about them getting on the internet." Again this sounded plausible. Sally started smiling and hamming it up as Ed took pictures rapid-fire.
Ed said "Spread them" and Sally dutifully spread her legs for the camera. Ed said "Come on, really spread them" and sally pulled her lips apart as far as she could.
Ed said "Now it's my turn" slid over next to Sally and and opened the passenger side door. Sally gave out a little squeak when the interior light came on in the car. Ed said "Aw keep quiet. It's almost 3AM. Nobody's around." Ed gently pushed her out of the car and sat on the seat with his legs outside the car. As he unbuckled his pants she knew what he wanted. And she was eager to give him what he wanted.
Sally knelt down on the asphalt between two parked cars. The ground was rough on her knees and toes and the air was cold on her skin. She estimated that it was now in the low 40's. She was nervous but in heaven. She was completely naked, outside and sucking on the cock of a guy she hardly knew. She could see that he was using her phone to video her degradation. Her perverted mind started thinking how it would feel if she were also handcuffed. She was glad she wasn't, though, because the hand she wasn't using to hold Ed's cock she used to bring herself off again.
Ed groaned loudly. He pulled out of her mouth and came all over her face. His groan made her nervous because it was loud and outside. She took a quick look around but there was still no one around and not many lights on. She stayed compliantly on her knees for a bit as they both caught their breath.
Ed then said "I should clean that cum off of you." He then started pissing in her face. She was not expecting that and started to cough and gag. She calmed down, though and swallowed a few mouthfuls.
Both of them thought the same thing: "Slut."
After Ed put it back in his pants, he said "Right here, number 3131, is my house. Wait on the porch while I park."
"Can I have my clothes?" asked Sally.
"No" responded Ed. "But don't let anyone see you, it would embarrass me."
"Yeah, embarrass HIM" thought Sally, but she turned and ran up to the porch.
Ed rolled down the window and said "Smile." Sally turned and at the top of the steps smiled for some more pictures. Again, rapid fire. Ed said "Give me another spread shot," so Sally sat on the top step and spread her legs for several shots, piss and cum still dripping from her body.
Before he drove away, Ed leaned on his horn. This caused Sally to jump and she felt her heart almost stop. As he drove down the street he kept blowing his car horn. She crouched in the corner of the empty porch, hoping to be invisible. "Prick" she thought.
* * *
Ed laughed and could not believe how this had gone. She had let him strip her naked, take embarrassing nude photos of her, sucked him off naked and on her knees outside his car, let him video her doing it, let him cum on her face and then piss all over her. Now she was standing on someone's porch naked, covered with piss and cum in the cold with no money, no clothes and no phone. And she didn't have any idea of where she was other than she was in Baltimore.
And he started to think "How could I make this even worse for her?"
* * *
As Sally crouched on the porch, she hoped that he wouldn't be long. It was too cold to be naked outside very long and the piss that had been warm was now making her feel even colder. She had to pee herself and desperately wanted a shower. She had been turned on when this was happening but now the reality set in that she was naked and cold and this wasn't fun anymore.
Minutes went by and he didn't return. Sally started to really, really worry. She wondered if he was coming back. She didn't know this guy. She realized that she didn't even know if this was his house. She knew that it was a bad neighborhood, though, just from the look of it. She knew that his name was Steve. She didn't know his last name. She didn't really even know if his name was Steve. She didn't pay any attention to even what color his car was let alone what kind it was. She had NO idea where she was. She couldn't believe that she was so stupid. She had no shoes, no ID, no credit cards, no money, no phone and NO CLOTHES! If he didn't come back she was screwed on so many different levels.
She held out hope that her imagination was running away with her. He'd come back. No one would be so cruel to leave another person in such a bad position. They'd been having fun. They'd had sex. And the best sex was yet to come. Why wouldn't he come back? But Sally started to shiver, unsure if it was from the cold or her fear. And because of the cold she could not wait outside forever waiting for him.
* * *
Ed took Sally's phone and dialed 911. "There's a naked man trying to break into a house at 3131 Key Street. I'm from the neighborhood and know that there are little girls that live there. Please hurry." He knew that the police would take a different attitude if they thought that there was a naked man out and about than a naked woman. And the kid thing just made it more likely that they'd hurry.
* * *
Sally heard the siren coming and saw the police lights turn the corner onto the block. She pressed herself as far back as she could. She didn't want to get arrested. Her heart was beating fast and loudly when the car stopped in front of the house she was at. She was blinded by a flashlight and she heard a policewoman's voice say "What are you doing back there?"
Sally responded "I'm waiting for my boyfriend, this is his house."
The officer said "Where are your clothes?"
Sally said "He took them."
"Why did he do that?"
"I guess he thought it would be funny. I don't know."
"And what is this boyfriend's name?"
"Steve. Oh my God, I don't know his last name."
"Must be some boyfriend that you don't know his last name."
"I'm sorry. He's not really a boyfriend. I just met him and he left me off here. He's parking and will be right here," said Sally.
Then the door opened and a heavy set Hispanic woman came out and asked what the police were doing there. The policewoman pointed to the naked Sally cowering in the corner. The policewoman inquired "Is there a Steve who lives here?"
The woman answered "Steve. I have no idea what you're talking about. I live here with my daughter and two sons."
The officer then looked at Sally and said "I have no idea why you're lying to me or why you're here and naked but you're under arrest."
Sally whined "But I didn't do anything wrong. I'm the victim here. Steve lied to me."
The officer said "Sure, lady. Stand up, turn around and put your hands behind your back." With that, Sally bolted for the stairs to the porch. Where she was going to run to she didn't know, but in her still inebriated state she only knew that she didn't want to be arrested and handcuffed naked.
Sally pushed the policewoman who fell down the steps. Her partner at the bottom of the steps grabbed her arm and Sally slapped him in the face with her other hand. He held firmly and the policewoman then grabbed that arm and they forced her hands behind her back and cuffed her.
By this time it seemed that everyone on the block had come out. And it seemed that almost all of them were either taking pictures or videoing what was going on. The police were none too happy with having been pushed and slapped, so rather than put her in the squad car they held her outside the car, radioed for a van and let everyone who wanted to take pictures of the cuffed beauty. It took fifteen minutes for the van to come (she presumed that it took a long time on purpose) and she just stood there humiliated while the neighbors made fun of her and laughed at her. The police whispered to her "Serves you right. You won't be assaulting police officers anytime soon, will you?"
* * *
Ed had pulled out his video camera out of the trunk. He has a few of them, all very high quality. This one had the best telescopic lenses. From a relatively safe distance he could record all of what happened. After Sally was cuffed, he discretely went over and offered $20 to anyone who would text the pictures to Sally's phone. They could keep the originals. Almost everyone agreed. When a few wanted more, he just said no and they came around. He had a lot of pictures and videos.
* * *
Sally was charged with a load of crimes. Public nudity was the least of her worries. Assaulting a police officer is a serious crime in Maryland and carries with it a mandatory minimum sentence of five years in prison. The police also take it seriously. They paraded her naked from the car to the station. They paraded her past all the cops at roll call and past all the male prisoners. The let cops take pictures on their phones. They took her mug shot naked, then gave her a towel and took another "official" one, then took the towel away. She then sat naked in a cell by herself where she could be seen by everyone walking by and the men in some of the nearby cells. She was eventually given some prison garb when late the next day she was scheduled for a hearing.
* * *
Ed started going through her phone. He had access to all of her social media accounts. He changed the passwords so that she could not get in but he could. He could access her investment and bank accounts. Again he changed the passwords. She had a Google Drive that he could access. He moved everything to another Google Drive that only he had access to. He then deleted everything off of her drive. Too bad if you didn't have it backed up (she didn't). He went through it. He found lots of pictures and videos. He was going to have fun with them. After going through file after file he hit the jackpot. In a file folder named "Whatever" he found a treasure trove of nude and sex pictures and videos. She apparently made these herself and some with "trusted" boyfriends who she trusted enough to shoot them but kept them for herself, presuming that would ensure that they never got out. He set out pairing the sex videos with the legitimate ones, the nude photos with the casual and formal photos and screen shots of her social media and work pages, making sure that her name and all kinds of identifying information were included and posting them on various porn and non-porn websites.
* * *
Sally was in a daze. She'd had a bail hearing and was being held on very high bail. But she was the victim! She had had very limited contact by phone with her family. Her mother seemed really shaken but couldn't talk about it. She was now marking her fourth day in jail.
* * *
Lets see now. She's under arrest and will probably be out of circulation for a few days. He has pictures. He also has her phone and therefore access to everything in her life. This could be the most epic moment ever in humiliation porn.
After Ed had created the most humiliating array of collages and videos of Sally with all of her personal information he set out to dismantle her life. Every porn site got them. He worked very hard to see to it that everyone that she knew received them in every way he could think of. Professional and neighborhood websites. Sites connected with her college and high school. Organizations that she was connected with.
And then he turned to her money. He had access to everything she had, everything she had saved. In the low six figures. He would not keep any of it for himself. He didn't need it and didn't want to get caught. But he thought it would be funny to use her own money to destroy her.
He knew a lot about internet marketing. $1,000.00 buys a lot of internet publicity. He had enough money to work with to spread it out to a lot of companies. Enough that she could never get it back by later saying that she did not authorize it. Too many small chunks. The publicity? Sally's perversions, complete with her personal information. If just posting this stuff everywhere himself was bad, buying this marketing power would be devastating. He could also pay to have it spring up even years down the road.
He hired a shady moving company to go to her apartment, change the locks and mover everything out. All of her clothes. All of her furniture. All of her books. A lifetime of memories. Put into storage. And then he hired another moving company to go to the storage unit and deliver everything to five different Goodwill stores around Atlanta. She would never find any of it.
He grabbed her Social Security number, date of birth and other information and put it out on the dark web in places where identity thieves would take it and use it to create false identities to steal money. Too bad for the owner of the SS number and DOB.
He created a little publication called "The Exposure and Humiliation of Sally Dankworth" based on a series he had seen about other revenge/humiliation porn efforts to destroy women. It did not talk about the financial theft or his leaving her stranded naked or her arrest. It did talk about her letting herself get photographed in compromising positions, those getting out and the efforts that were made to use them to ruin her life. For people into "humiliation porn" it became the bestseller of all time.
* * *
After two weeks in jail Sally finally got out. Since she was naked when arrested, every legitimate media outlet in the country carried the story, with her name and pictures -- usually censored. They love stories that involve naked women, especially when it is their own doing. That's not including the porn sites, whose patrons loved it even more.
She could not believe that when she got back to her apartment there was nothing there. She called the police, but they didn't know where to begin. She stayed with her parents, but her mother was crying all the time and her father just avoided her. Her employer called her and, as politely as they could, explained that all of the press made her unemployable with them.
She had to close down her social media accounts and change her email. Too many people saying how sorry they were, but even more who were cruel. For a while she tried to get some of the pictures and videos taken down, but she eventually stopped trying to fight a losing battle.
Her time on the outside was brief. Because there was no doubt that she had assaulted the two police officers, even though what she actually did was minor, any assault on a police officer has a mandatory minimum sentence. Her public defender (she had no money for a real lawyer) told her to take the plea bargain of one year rather than go to trial and get five years. She couldn't do anything while in prison to stop the spread of the pictures or to try and get any of her money or possessions back. The life of the promising businesswoman was in ruins.
Losing everything was tough, but the humiliation of being forever exposed as a slut hurt the most. Because she had to live with it every moment of every day.
All because she couldn't keep her clothes on.
* * *
Ed was in front of his computer looking at some of the comments on her high school alumni page. Wow, her high school girlfriends can be cruel, he thought. He wacked off one last time. "That was fun, but on to the next girl," thought Ed.