This work is not to be published elsewhere. It's mine. No takey. All characters are over 18. If you are an artist, get in touch with me.
Little White Lies
Chapter 4
Jessie
As Jessie closed the door behind her, Erin turned and looked at her with wide eyes and said, "Wow."
"What is it?" she asked, taking her new friend's hand.
"Dexter," she replied. "He's just... so big." She was speaking in a whisper, as if someone was going to hear her and say something to scold her.
Jessie giggled as they walked down the stairs. "Yeah, he's well "equipped". Did he get your motor running?" she asked, elbowing her in the ribs.
Erin blushed and shrugged, staring at her with an embarrassed smirk on her face. "Let's just say that my boyfriend is probably going to be getting lucky tonight."
Jessie grinned widely and then turned and hugged her as she opened the door to her car. "I'll text you in the morning," Erin said, sliding in.
"Sounds good" she replied. "Thanks for helping out!"
Erin grinned and halfway leaned her head out. "It was a little strange, but super fun!" Closing the door, she waved again and then started her car and pulled off.
Jessie smiled widely and bounced up the stairs. Shutting and locking the door, she headed directly for the bedroom. Donna was out of the shower and in her room for the night, she assumed. Grinning to no one as she realized that her boyfriend was all hers for the night, she went to her own room feeling her heart skip a beat when she saw Dex slowly stroking his not yet quite hard cock back to full strength.
"I was hoping you weren't done yet," she said, quickly stripping out of her clothes.
"I'm always up for making love to my girl," he said, reaching for her.
Jessie giggled, knowing that there were indeed times that he wouldn't be up for it, but let the point pass. Kneeling on the bed, she looked from his eyes down to his impressive penis and couldn't help but smile and subconsciously lick her lips. Glancing back up seductively, she moved down between his legs and easily took a good deal of his cock into her mouth. Pursing her lips, she slid them down the yummy organ and went as far as she could, relishing the familiar taste of her boyfriend's flesh in her mouth. Dex groaned in pleasure and reached down to caress her cheek. A few quick strokes of her mouth along the length of his shaft had him groaning and his cock at full power. She grinned and lifted her head up off of him, snickering as she slurped a line of drool from the head of his cock back up into her mouth where she rolled it around on her tongue a bit.
Straddling his legs, she slid upward along his body until she felt the girth of his manhood rubbing against her pubis. Wasting no time, she reached down and pushed his cock up into fucking position and slid down on top of him, her pussy more than wet enough to accommodate him. He groaned, his hands going to her hips to try and assist, but she had already taken care of everything by pushing his cock into her and slowly forcing her tight little pussy down onto him.
"Ungh...god..." she said, shivering in pleasure as she felt tingles race from the inner walls of her pussy to the very tips of her toes and fingers. Slowly, she began to slide up and down his cock, fingers of pleasure racing through her as his organ was forced into her greedy little pussy. His hands pulled down on her hips again, so she playfully pushed them back up behind his head and wiggled a finger at him.
"Just watch me baby," she whispered, smiling at him in the dim light. He returned her smile and nodded, laying his hands behind his head and staring up at her in pure adoration.
Arching her back and displaying her breasts more prominently as she slid up and down her boyfriend's perfect cock, Jessie smiled down as he locked his eyes on the succulent orbs. She looked down as she bounced, seeing them sway and jiggle sexily. He was smiling widely, eyes transfixed on them as they jiggled back and forth.
"Are you okay with everything that just happened?" Jessie asked, drawing his attention briefly from her breasts to her face. It didn't last long though, and he looked back down at them as they bounced back and forth.
Dex smirked and looked at her like she was crazy. "Let's see. Am I okay with having sex with my girlfriend's sexy roommate every time I come over? Uh, yeah."
She rolled her eyes and yanked playfully on his chest hair.
"Ouch," he said, smirking and tickling her for a moment. She squirmed and almost slid off his tantalizing erection before she punched him in the chest and pointed a finger at him.
"Stop it!" she yelped quietly. "Donna is probably sleeping!" He grinned and thrust upward, causing her to sigh and shake her head. "I was talking about being filmed, you jackass. You know this will definitely be seen by John and I'm assuming he's going to share it with his buddies out there."
Dex obviously hadn't thought of that and Jessie saw an odd look in his eyes. She stopped bouncing and let his cock nestle deep inside her, causing her to whimper in pleasure for a moment before she smiled and looked back down.
"What is it?" she asked.
Dex lifted up on her hips with his hands and prompted her to start bouncing up and down on his cock again, gentle slaps filling the room. "Nothing, I just didn't think about a bunch of dudes watching me fuck another dude's girlfriend."
Jessie giggled. "You've got nothing to worry about, and besides from the guys I've talked to about watching porno, they put themselves in the place of the guy doing the fucking so it's no big deal."
He nodded. "Yeah, that's true for me too. I'm not really worried about being seen by dudes. I just... I'm not sure I was at my best, you know. What if I meet these weirdos in real life?"
Jessie smiled and shook her head. "It's okay baby. You did awesome. We'll watch the video once Donna edits it and I'm sure that you'll see that you did great."
He chuckled as she leaned forward and pushed on his chest, causing her hips to slide upward and then back down his entire length.
"Oh shit," he said, groaning and looking down between them.
"Baby likes that, hmm?" she asked.
"God, I love the way you fuck me," he said.
She smiled, and repeated what she just did, surprising herself with how good that felt. A moan of pleasure escaped her lips as his cock pushed at her pussy while it fought to expand again to allow him in as deep as it would go. He felt huge inside of her and that thought caused her to whimper again. Focusing on what was happening, she didn't hear the door creak open and someone come in behind them. The first indication that someone else was in the room was a warm tongue pushing against her puckered asshole.
"Oh my God," Jessie groaned, reaching back and grabbing a handful of Donna's hair. The brunette giggled and ran her tongue upward across Jessie's ass again.
"What?" Dex asked, looking around her body. He hadn't seen or heard Donna either and from the way she was positioned and practically hiding behind Jessie's butt, he still couldn't.
"Donna," Jessie whimpered, gyrating and sliding up and down Dex's perfect cock as she leaned close to his face. "She snuck in here and she's got her tongue in my ass." She moaned halfway through the sentence and then again at the end, elongating the words here and making it sound like she was moaning the words. She clutched desperately at Dex as Donna spread her butt cheeks a little more and pushed her tongue against Jessie's asshole.
Dexter groaned in pleasure as she squeezed her pussy muscles down on him, his hands savaging her breasts as she continued to lean forward to give Donna better access. She felt her roommate start to push her tongue deeper into her ass, then felt a single finger probing in its place.
"Fuck," Jessie moaned. "She's going to stick a finger in there," she whispered.
Dex smiled, nodding and taking over bouncing Jessie up and down. She'd been unable to focus with all that was going on and kind of just hung in mid thrust while Donna was gently probing. She glanced back and saw the brunette beauty push a finger in and then pull it out a little, lick it, and then repeat the process until Jessie felt it slide in.
Groaning, she fell forward and clutched at Dex's chest as he thrust his hips upward, his cock sliding again and again into her. At her ass, Donna gently pushed with her finger until she'd slowly worked it up to the first knuckle. Jessie felt her wiggle it around inside and giggled for a moment before she felt an orgasm building quickly.
Taking back over, she began to slide gently up and down Dexter's cock as Donna slowly started to slide the finger deeper and then shallower in her ass. Soon she was pumping in time with Dex's thrusts and Jessie was on the verge of a powerful orgasm.
Clutching at him desperately, she felt her entire body tighten as her pussy convulsed and contracted down on him, pleasure flooding her body as she whimpered and let him hammer his cock into her, Donna's finger pushing all the way to the hilt inside her.
Blinding pleasure hammered into her, and the pulse pounding contractions and convulsions only got harder until they finally subsided. She wasn't done feeling pleasure though, and slid down on top of Dex again, breathing heavily. Donna disappeared for a minute, presumably to wash her hands and face, but reappeared just as quickly, wiping her hands dry on a towel and sliding back into bed after tossing it away.
Dex groaned beneath Jessie and she felt the bed start bouncing. Looking down, she saw Donna almost violently sucking on his cock. Grinning, she slid down and joined her, sucking Dex and kissing Donna at the same time.
"Unghod," Dex groaned, a gout of cum shooting up between the two girls as they kissed on either side of his shaft. Both giggling, they continued to move up and down in a semi-synchronized fashion, spunk showering each of them. Donna started slurping it up, but when Jessie saw what she was doing, she grumbled and started to fight her for the remnants, causing the girls to screech and giggle as they pushed and forced each other back. Donna was stronger though, and pinned Jessie to the bed, slurping the remnants from her face and then sitting on her chest so she couldn't move and Donna could clean the two of them up.
Grumbling, Jessie glared up at her playfully until Donna let her up. The two girls went to the bathroom, washing their faces and brushing their teeth. Heading back to Jessie's room, they both climbed in bed, with Dex in the middle, and soon fell asleep.
Jessie awoke during the night to the bed bouncing, and turned, seeing Donna's legs up near her head. Dex was sliding his cock deep inside her again and she was yelping in pleasure and begging him to "keep fucking me like the dirty whore I am," and "Call me a worthless cunt." She giggled and watched sleepily for a minute until she turned over and fell back asleep again. A few hours later, she awoke and tried to get Dex up to fuck her again but figured that he was spent for the night. A little disappointed, she shrugged it off and went back to sleep.
The next morning, she awoke to the bed shaking slightly. Rubbing her eyes, she looked over and saw Donna half off the bed, her mouth sliding up and down Dex's large and delicious looking cock. She wasn't slowing at all when she reached the bottom but would suck hard and slide her lips up the entire shaft. Once she reached the top, she immediately went completely down until her nose was tickled by his pubic hair and the trip would begin anew. It was a highly erotic sight as her boyfriend grunted in pleasure. He apparently didn't last too long or Jessie had caught the very end, because Donna whimpered in pleasure as he began to cum, filling her mouth and spilling out the sides as she gulped hungrily and greedily at the pumping organ. Jessie grinned as Dex grunted again and again, Donna finally slowing down to rest her lips at the base of his cock as it spasmed visibly in her mouth and throat. Grunts and whimpers of pleasure, punctuated by thick, throaty swallows came from the horny brunette as Jessie watched enviously.
Finally, Dexter grunted a final time and Donna swallowed his gift, her lips sliding up the sides as she sucked hard, then switched to licking up and down his shaft with her broad tongue, drawing all the remnants into her mouth that she could find. Turning after finishing her cleaning job, she slid the sheets aside and moved between Jessie's legs. She watched as Donna kissed both thighs and then gently chewed against one side of her pussy and then the other, drawing groans of pleasure from Jessie. The tingling racing through her loins was enticing, and she spread her legs a little more.
"She woke me up telling me she wanted to thank us for everything we've done for her and John," he said, smiling and turning toward her to watch.
Donna, staring straight up at Jessie, licked long and slow up her slit. She whimpered, pleasure coursing up from her clit as the brunette started to tickle it with her tongue.
"I wasn't aware that you two had done this," Dexter said, grinning like an idiot.
Jessie shook her head. "We haven't," she said. "She always tries to, but I haven't let her yet. I guess she got tired of asking permission. Oh fuck."
Donna giggled and began to slide upward a little, Jessie's legs resting on her arms as she got comfortable. Her mouth and tongue latched completely on to Jessie's increasingly wet snatch and she felt pleasure beginning to course through her, from her loins outward to the rest of her body.
It wasn't long before Donna had licked and slurped her to an orgasm. It was nice and she thoroughly enjoyed it, but she definitely preferred those given to her by Dexter's cock. She wouldn't say no to more of them in the future though, and figured that she had to repay the favor for her roommate sometime.
Donna looked like she was finally finished fooling around. Sliding up and pulling them together for a hug, she kissed them both on the mouth. "Thank you both so much," she said. "I get so morose when John leaves. You two make it better."
"Thank you," Dex told her, pulling her up and into his arms. She smiled and leaned into his shoulder as the two of them looked at Jessie, who giggled and moved around to his other side. Dex seemed content to fall back asleep and soon, Donna did too, right there on his chest, his arm draped over protectively around her body. Jessie quietly slid from the bed and padded quietly off to the bathroom and took a nice hot bath. After a long, relaxing soak, she shaved and washed up, then hopped out and dried off. Tiptoeing quietly into the bedroom, she saw that Dex and Donna were still out, spooning and snoring quietly. She giggled and silently got dressed.
She didn't have to work that day, but she definitely needed to go over to Don and Dex's and clean it soon. She shot Don a quick text asking for a grocery list and then frowned when he texted back that he would go get it, and asked what she needed.
She smirked and shook her head, knowing it was useless to argue. She made a list and sent it to him, mostly cleaning supplies. She sat down on the couch for a bit and watched an early news show before hopping up and getting a bowl of cereal for herself. As she finished, she walked over to the sink and rinsed the bowl out, then set it down in the sink. Just then her phone buzzed and she went over to check it.
Erin had texted. "Alec is working until 8 today. There's a party afterward if you and Dex want to go to it."
Jessie grinned. A party definitely sounded fun. "We'll be there!" she sent.
"Awesome!" came the expected reply.
She spent some time cleaning up the house and doing a bit of laundry down in the laundry room before coming back up. After a couple of hours, Dex finally emerged, though Donna slept another hour or so.
Jessie kissed her boyfriend deeply after they sat and spent a little time together that morning.
"We've been invited to a party with Erin and her boyfriend, Alec," Jessie said. "Tonight."
Dex nodded. "Sounds fun," he said. "I should probably head home for awhile though."
"Do you mind if I come over and clean?" she asked.
He shook his head. "Of course not, baby."
She smiled. "Thanks! I also kinda want to start laying out by the pool and getting a tan."
He smiled. "That's something I can get behind," he said with a cheeky grin.
She playfully rolled her eyes and gave him a kiss goodbye. "I'll see you in a few minutes," she said.
Donna was in the shower, so Jessie quickly got dressed and wrote her roommate a note.
Heading over to Dex's. We've got a party to go to tonight, and I'm going to see if it's okay to bring my lonely roommate, so don't plan anything!
Jessie
P.S. - Thank you for joining us last night!

After getting dressed, she made the short drive over to Dexter and Don's and went inside. She didn't see Don for a few minutes as she went about the chores that she had set for herself. He arrived back from the store about thirty minutes later and brought in all the stuff she'd requested.
"Awww!" she said. "Thank you!"
Don looked at her peculiarly. "You sound like I brought you flowers," he said.
She giggled and shrugged. "What can I say, cleaning supplies make me go all weak in the knees."
Don chuckled and set the stuff out on the counter. "I'll be working outside if you need anything, spitfire."
She smiled and went back to what she was doing.
Jessie spent the next hour cleaning and folding more laundry, dumping the dishwasher, sweeping and mopping all the floors, vacuuming the carpets, dusting and cleaning up after her two men.
She smiled at the thought as she put away the cleaning stuff. Washing her hands, she turned and went back upstairs to Dex's room. He wasn't in there, so she shrugged and went to find Don.
Dexter was there, helping his dad with some chore outside. She didn't know what they were doing, but it looked dirty and had something to do with their trucks.
"I'm gonna go lay out by the pool," Jessie said.
"Okay," Dexter said, coming over and kissing her.
Don peeked out from under his own truck and looked up. "When was the last time you changed your oil?" he asked.
Jessie didn't know the answer to that. She usually took it to one of those fast change places every six months or so.
"Six months?" Don asked, sounding flabbergasted.
Dex chuckled.
"You go ahead and go lay out," he said with a wink. "Leave me your keys so I can change your oil."
Jessie rolled her eyes playfully and cocked her head back toward the house. "They're next to my purse in the kitchen. Don't get anything dirty in there," she said, raising a warning finger to both of them. "In fact, stay there," she said, turning and heading back inside. She grabbed her keys and went back to the garage. "Here," she finished, handing them to Dex.
Don smirked and went back to what he was doing.
Jessie turned and went back through the side gate into the back yard. Smiling, she stripped down and went over to a large cabinet on the back porch and got a towel. Heading over to the loungers, she spread the towel down and then laid down on it.
She heard her car starting and heard it pull out, then come back about 10 minutes later, pulling up to the garage on the side of the house, then drifted off and dozed lightly until Dexter came and tapped her on the shoulder.
*****
Dexter
After he went and got the oil filter for his girlfriend's car, he and his dad went about changing her oil and checking the fluid levels and other filters. The only other thing it needed was more windshield washer fluid. Don went over to his sink and washed up, followed by Dex. As the two went inside, peeking out briefly to check on Jessie, they smiled and both shook their heads as they saw her nude form.
"She's definitely a free spirit, son," his father said. "I appreciate you letting your old man get a look or two."
Dex chuckled. "Well, knowing my girlfriend, she's probably forced you to do a little more than look. It's okay though," Dexter said, patting him on the shoulder, "I know my girl."
Don laughed easily, and Dexter smiled, enjoying the sight of his dad being happier than he'd seen him in a long, long time.
"Gonna go join her?" Don asked.
"Maybe," Dex said. He saw the notification light blinking on his phone and checked. There was a voicemail.
"Hey Dexter," a voice said. "It's Chase. Give me a call back as soon as you can. I've got a favor to ask."
Dex sighed and clicked over to his directory, returning his boss's call.
"Hey Dexter," Chase said after picking up the call. "I need to see if you can run over to a bank president's house and look at why his laptop isn't booting."
Dexter said that he would be happy to and got all the pertinent information. "Alright, I'll update you when I get finished."
He sighed after hanging up and went downstairs. Heading outside, he went out to where Jessie was laying out and knelt beside her.
"Hi," she said, smiling and reaching for him. He leaned over and kissed her. "There's some bank president that has a laptop that isn't booting and is requesting help. I told Chase, my boss, that I'd go take a look. It's probably not anything serious."
She nodded. "Okay baby," she said. "I'll just keep doing what I'm doing."
He kissed her a final time and grabbed his work stuff after changing into something a little nicer. He was surprised when he finished though that it took him longer to drive over to the house than it did to fix the laptop. The bank president, as with a lot of bank presidents, wasn't really all that tech savvy when it came to computers. Dex fixed the issue and after receiving several heartfelt "Thank yous" and a hearty handshake, he drove back home.
It had only been about thirty minutes total that he was gone, but still, he wondered what kind of mischief his girlfriend had been able to get up to while he was absent, realizing that he was a little hopeful that she had. Dismissing the curious thoughts as he pulled up to the curb, he hoped that Jessie and his dad wouldn't hear him. Leaving his stuff in the truck for the time being, he quietly walked up to the door and peered through the front window. Seeing the hazy form of his dad through the translucent glass, he saw that he was heading out back and smiled. Opening the door just as his dad was closing the back one, Dex stopped and made sure that he wasn't aware before he entered and went immediately upstairs.
He went to his dad's room and walked over to the window overlooking the pool. Jessie and Don were close enough to hear as well, so he quietly cracked the window open.
He could see that his dad was standing near Jessie, who was still very nude.
"You're gonna need some of this if you stay out any longer," Don said, holding out a bottle of sunblock."
"Oh!" Jessie said. "I totally forgot about that!"
Don chuckled and held it out for her. She smiled and turned over to her stomach. "Would get my back first?"
Dex could tell his dad was torn but wasn't surprised by his girlfriend's actions. He pressed himself into the curtain, hiding his form should they happen to look in his direction.
"Sure," Don said, still obviously hesitant. He stepped over and popped open the sunscreen. Pouring some into his hand, he rubbed them together to try and warm it up before laying his hands down on Jessie's shoulders.
Dexter couldn't help but admire how gorgeous and sexy she looked. She moaned as Don's hands made contact with her shoulders and started rubbing the sunscreen in. He could see the curve of her breast as it pushed into the lounger, and her skin was relatively pale in contrast to the brown wood of the deck.
Don's hands rubbed and massaged Jessie's skin as Dex watched. His girlfriend's animated whimpers and moans were exciting, and he smiled as his dad continued to rub her down. He worked from her shoulders down to the small of her back, and then around and upward, barely moving up toward the sides of her breasts. He made another pass over the skin he'd just covered, and then moved down past her naked butt to her legs. Squirting some more lotion into his hand, he rubbed her pale skin for a few minutes until it was nice and spread out over her body.
"There you go," he said, offering her the tube.
Dex saw her roll back over and smirk. "You didn't get my butt yet," she said, turning back over.
"You can reach your own rear," Don commented. Dexter was proud of his dad in that moment. Other guys probably wouldn't have been so noble given the lengths he knew his girlfriend would go to tease and flirt with someone.
"Well where's the fun in that?" she asked. "Are you saying you're not going to do this after I cleaned your house for you?"
Don sighed. "You know, I could say that I changed your oil and checked your car for you and now we're even."
"And I could remind you that you're being asked to put your hands on a nude woman's body," she pointed out. "Don't pretend you don't want to."
Don hesitated, but Dex could see an obvious smirk appear on his face. He popped the lid of the tube open again and poured some more into his hand. Rubbing them together to spread the lotion out and warm it up a little, he raised an eyebrow at her.
She giggled and laid flat again once she'd seen that she'd won. She lifted briefly to adjust her breasts underneath her, but then laid down flat again.
"Okay," she said. "Go ahead and get your pervy butt-rubbing over."
Don sighed and shook his head, then smirked and brought his hand down on her bare ass. A loud smack and a shocked giggle later, he was massaging Dexter's girlfriend right on her plump butt. Dex smiled. As flirting went, he figured that this was pretty innocent. Besides, she'd already admitted that he'd had to jerk off in front of her. Still, he didn't know if she was a hundred percent serious about that, but it hadn't bothered him as much as he figured it should have, looking back.
Don rubbed his hands slowly over Jessie's adorable butt, finishing it off with another spank, this one much gentler.
"There you go," he said. Jessie smiled and turned over, laying on her back.
"Thereyougo," she said, smiling and looking up. "You've got another side to do."
Dex chuckled quietly. He'd figured that she'd push it a little more.
Don sighed audibly but Dex could tell that he obviously wanted to. An invisible war of willpower was being fought within him.
"I suppose it's useless to argue," Don said at length. "Are you sure?"
Jessie looked at him incredulously. "Of course I'm sure, Don. Get to rubbing." She laid back then and closed her eyes, a sly smile on her face as she tried to appear nonchalant about the whole thing; like it was normal for a father to rub down his son's naked girlfriend.
Dex watched as Don poured some more into his hand and prepped it, then started on her shoulders and worked down, moving around her breasts. Surprisingly, his dad moved around her breasts and down, and then back up and across them, rubbing haphazardly.
Jessie giggled and moved her hands up, clamping them down on Don's and pressing them to both of her breasts. "They're just boobs," she said. "Dex already knows that I made you jerk off in front of me and that I clean naked around the house. You really think he's going to be upset that you grabbed my boobs?"
Don didn't say anything, a smirk on his face. Jessie laid her hands back down at her sides as Don's hands moved over her body. He worked the lotion into her breasts, even surprising Dexter with a little nipple play. Moving downward, he slowly worked more and more lotion into Jessie's pale skin.
Dexter realized then that he was watching another man rubbing his hands over his own girlfriend. Not only was he watching it, judging by the intensity of his current erection, he was thoroughly enjoying it.
Don played with Jessie's breasts a little more until the skin was glistening with sunscreen residue or sweat. Getting more lotion from the tube, he began to coat her legs and thighs.
Jessie seemed to really be enjoying his ministrations. Small moans and whimpers that Dex easily recognized as pleasure could be heard from his vantage from the second floor window.
"There you go, spitfire," Don said. He stood up from the chair where he'd been sitting and smiled.
Jessie looked up and then sat up, smiling playfully. "Are you going to go swimming?" she asked.
Don looked like he was considering it for a moment, but then shrugged. "I think I'm good."
"Oh come on, Don," she said. "Let me let the sunscreen dry and we can get in together."
Don chuckled. "I don't think you want me stripping right now."
Jessie smiled wider. "Oh really?" she asked. "Do you have a big ole' boner just for me?"
He laughed easily and shrugged. "I've been rubbing a nude knockout down for a half-hour," he pointed out. "Of course I do."
"Aww," she said with a playful pout. "Well, take that gorgeous cock out and let me see!"
Don smirked and shook his head. "I don't think Dex would like that."
"Dex gets to fuck my roommate whenever he wants. He gets head from me like... all the time." She looked up at Don seductively. "Please," she said. "I promise I won't touch it."
Don looked down and stared quietly for a minute, no doubt having another quiet willpower struggle. Sighing, he stripped off his t-shirt as she giggled and clapped excitedly. Dex watched as he dropped his shorts after kicking off his flipflops and chuckled as he saw that his dad did indeed have an erection.
Pushing aside the weirdness of seeing his own dad's dong, Dex watched as Jessie's expression brightened. She started to reach for it, but stopped herself, apologizing.
"I love cock," she said, smiling upward. "Sometimes I just can't help myself and have to suck it."
Don groaned and involuntarily moved his hips forward. Dex smiled again.
"I made you a promise though, and I'll behave," she said, frowning playfully.
Don stood there awkwardly, his erection curving upward proudly.
"Don, sweetheart," Jessie said. "You obviously need to jerk off. Why don't you go ahead and do it while you watch me?" As she spoke, she lifted one knee and slid a single finger inside of herself and back out, drawing it back up over her folds and rubbing it against her clit.
Don't hand immediately went to his cock and started stroking as he grimaced in playful irritation at the sight of her fingering herself. Reaching into his pocket, he popped open the lid of the sunscreen and poured some into his hand, then slapped it back onto his cock and started stroking again.
"Oh, good idea!" Jessie said, grinning.
Don grunted. "I can't believe I'm actually doing this again. You're my son's girlfriend, not mine."
Jessie giggled. "I didn't say you should come over and spread my legs and fuck me, Don. Now finish jerking off."
He didn't reply but kept stroking. As Dexter watched, his girlfriend kept fingering herself seductively and pinching her nipples. He knew she wasn't actually trying to bring herself off, and that it was more of a show for his dad.
"You know I'm not a virgin anymore," she said. "My pussy would be so nice and tight around your big fucking cock."
He groaned, still stroking, his eyes devouring her body.
"God, I wish I could suck that beautiful cock," she whimpered, plunging several fingers into herself. She looked like she was getting very turned on, and her show was slowly turning from playfulness to bringing herself off.
He grunted in pleasure then and turned away from her.
"Fuck," she said. "Turn back toward me so that I can watch you cum," she pleaded. "It's already not fair that I can't swallow that yummy cum. Shoot it on my breasts."
Don grunted in pleasure, but quickly did as she asked. Dex watched as he started to cum, and realized that he was seeing someone having an orgasm directly because of his girlfriend for the first time. Pushing aside how weird it was, he had to acknowledge that it turned him on despite the fact that it was his own dad.
With a final cry of pleasure, Don's cock burst a long stream of cum diagonally across Jessie's body, followed by several more in quick succession. Jessie grinned, her hand moving up to rub the cum across her breasts and torso. Don's head was back, looking toward the sky as his chest heaved with labored breathing.
Dex smiled and turned, heading downstairs, stripping down and leaving clothes strewn down the stairs. He saw his dad turn and dive into the pool just as he opened the back door and stepped out. Walking directly over to Jessie as she looked up at him and grinned, Dex smiled and made a circular motion with his hand at her.
Grinning, she did as he told her, flipping over to her knees and arching her back, presenting her pussy to him more fully.
He never slowed, his cock-head coated with pre-cum and reached out to grip his girlfriend's curvy ass. He spread it roughly with both thumbs, admiring how wet and tantalizing it looked. Gripping her fleshy cheeks, he pulled on them and pushed his cock deep inside her tight little box. She groaned low, almost gutturally as he started to fuck his thick shaft into her.
"You liked watching me tease your dad, didn't you," Jessie said, looking back. "I saw you standing there you fucking pervert."
Dex smiled. "Hell yes I liked it, slut," he said, sliding in and then pulling out. Looking down, he watched as part of her pussy greedily clung to his retreating organ, gripping and pulling out as the shaft did.
"Dirty fucking pervert," she said, looking back and fixing a flat stare at him. He smiled, causing her to half-smile as she looked back at him while he plunged his cock in and out of her soaked cunt.
"Fucking dirty little slut," he replied. Her half-smile turned into a grin and then melted into an almost pained whimper. He could tell that she was getting closer. Feeling his own orgasm building, he started to slow down to prolong their fucking, but Jessie kept pushing backward. Sensing that she wanted him to cum with her, he renewed his efforts as he began slapping his thighs into her butt at a faster rate.
Managing to hold out long enough for Jessie to start to have an orgasm before he started to cum himself, Dex filled her delicious looking pussy up with his sticky, warm seed. He slid out a minute later, having stood still to enjoy her contracting muscles massaging his cock. Smiling, he turned when he heard and sensed movement behind him and saw his dad hopping out of the pool and heading hurriedly inside as if he were disturbing Dex and Jessie.
Turning, Dex leaned down and kissed her as she stood, grinning playfully up at him. He smirked and turned toward the pool and dove in. He surfaced a second later, reaching down and scrubbing himself clean before he climbed out.
"I'm gonna shower," Jessie said.
He smiled, following her as she walked toward the house, not bothering to get dressed. Watching her ass wiggle in front of him, he smiled and grinned.
*****
Jessie
She shook her head and grinned, walking unabashedly through the backyard to the back door and inside. She wondered if Dex noticed that she hadn't bothered to do anything with the cum that was slowly oozing down her breasts and legs. Grinning, she walked directly inside and up the stairs, turning into the bathroom and closing the door. After a quick rinse off, she climbed out and dried off, then headed downstairs with a towel wrapped around her.
Dex was dressed again, only just in a pair of boxers and shorts. She smiled and came up to him then, kissing him and looking up at his face.
"Are you sure that was okay?" she asked.
He smiled. "I watched the whole exchange baby. Other than the weirdness of watching my dad have a boner, it was actually pretty intense." He leaned against the wall and was quiet for a moment, thinking.
"I'm... I'm glad that my girlfriend is willing to help my obviously beleaguered old man, and that, as a couple, we're secure enough in our relationship to accept that what just happened is okay, you know?" He looked at her and waited for her response.
Jessie grinned. "I know! I kept thinking I was being naughty and that you'd get upset. I'm so happy that you're so understanding and knew that it was all harmless fun!"
He smiled, kissing her again before turning. "I've got to go put in my time for work," he said. "I'll just be a little while on my computer."
She smiled. "Okay. I'm gonna go check on your dad and make sure that he's not upset."
He smiled and headed back upstairs. Apparently, Dexter had decided to shower before doing his computer stuff because Jessie heard a shower running and the bathroom door close. She turned and went into the den, but Don wasn't there. She checked elsewhere downstairs but ultimately had no luck. Finally, she went back upstairs and saw him climbing out of his own shower. Smiling, she went in and reached for a towel, handing it to him with a smile as she looked down at his semi-flaccid cock.
He chuckled and dried off, covering himself up.
"You certainly are a feisty little thing," he said. She grinned widely and nodded. Turning, she left the bathroom and sat down on his bed, the towel falling away as she did so. Smiling innocently, she watched as he looked once and then again at her nudity, smirking and shaking his head.
After getting dressed and pulling on some clean clothes, Don went downstairs with Jessie in tow. She spent about twenty minutes cleaning up the dropped clothes and water puddles throughout the house before going back down to the den where Don was looking at his laptop, though she remained naked the entire time.
"Whatcha doin?" she asked. He looked up and shrugged.
She scooted down beside him, still very nude, and peered at his laptop. He was looking at the dating app that she'd set up for him.
"Oooh," she said excitedly. "Can I look?"
"Yes, but first, please go get some clothes on. I don't think I can handle another erection right now," he said.
She giggled, knowing for a fact that he most definitely could handle another erection, but conceded to his request and quickly went and got her panties and shirt on.
He shrugged and passed the laptop over, putting an arm around her shoulder so that she could scoot as close as possible, and turned slightly toward her to watch. She scrolled through his profile and made sure that he hadn't changed anything. Then she saw how many women he'd matched with and how many had messaged him. Turning, she slugged him in the chest and scowled angrily.
"What?" he asked, clearly befuddled.
"Why didn't you tell me you had this much success?" she asked irritably.
He chuckled. "I don't know," he said. "I didn't plan on talking to any of them."
"What?" she asked. "Why not?" When he didn't immediately answer, she sighed and shook her head. "Don, I love how good you are at flirting and playing with me, and that's not going to change, but don't you want to see if there's another woman out there that you can go do things with?"
Don chuckled and shrugged.
"What?" she asked, sensing his hesitation.
"Nothing... it's... it's just... that sounded like a weird way to phrase things. It's nothing." He smiled genuinely at her. "I just... don't really know what to say."
She made a cute face and went, "Aww, Don! You don't need to worry about that. Your Spitfire is here to help you through that part." She grinned widely, then turned and looked back down at the laptop. Going through his matches, she eliminated half based on looks alone.
"No mercy from you, eh?" he said, chuckling as she was clicking no on a particularly unfortunate looking woman.
"I know it probably sounds petty, but you have to have standards and eliminate those that don't meet them," she explained. "Have you noticed any profiles stating no men under 6 feet?"
He nodded, saying, "Yeah," as she continued to scroll through.
"Well, they can't expect men not to have similar standards," she said. "I'm sure they get all haughty when they see a man's profile with a weight limit on it, but at the same time, some women have a height limit? What's fair about that?"
He smiled and shrugged. "I'm 6'2" though," he said, grinning at her as she glanced up at him. She giggled and rolled her eyes.
"I can stop clicking no on the ugly ones if that's your type," she told him. "Like her for instance," she said, turning the screen slightly.
His eyes got big and he shook his head. "God, no, she looks like a goblin."
That made her cackle out loud for a few seconds, but she quickly recomposed herself and together, they went through and eliminated more.
"You don't like her?" she asked at one point. "She's a redhead though!"
Don laughed. "We can keep her if you like her."
Jessie giggled. "Well, I'm not the one that's going to be fucking her. Probably," she added playfully.
He laughed. "It's a no. She's pretty but her profile was very sparse. I mean... if you can't be bothered to put in even a few words to describe yourself, why should I bother?"
Jessie nodded. "That's a good point."
Finally, after a little time had passed, they had narrowed it down to five finalists. She suggested he use the shotgun method and message all five at once and hope for a response. He declined though, and said he wanted to move slower. After a few more minutes of convincing, she finally got him to agree to message the five, and then helped him formulate a good opening message. After reading it through a few times, they were both happy with it and he sent it off.
"Alrighty," she said, standing. "Now you'll just have to let me know when one replies back and I'll be happy to help you from there."
Don smiled and then surprised her by leaning over and kissing her on the cheek for a few seconds.
"Thank you so much," he said.
She turned toward him and let the laptop slide to the ground, then straddled his legs quickly.
"Whoa," he said, raising his arms defensively.
Jessie giggled and turned, quickly shucking her shirt and turning on the couch. Pushing her knees down to either side of his waist, she settled her crotch down on his bulge and grinned at him. He had a face full of her perky, ample breasts and couldn't help but stare. She lifted his chin then and kissed him full on the lips, smacking quietly together as she leaned into him. He gasped as she kissed him and was clearly fighting the urge for a moment, but then acquiesced and brought both hands up to her breasts, squeezing them as she whimpered into his mouth. His fingers were warm and strong as he kneaded her globes, his thumb and forefinger moving to pinch and gently pull at her nipples. Her tongue pushed passed his lips as she kissed him, pushing against the warm wetness of his own. A soft moan escaped her lips as she ground her pussy against the growing presence in front of it. Finally, she sat back and glanced down.
"Did I give you another hard-on?" she asked, wriggling her pussy against it.
Don groaned and moved her hips, causing her to giggle and then slide off him. "Gee, I don't know. When you kiss a guy like that, then yeah, shit is gonna get hard."
"I better stop flirting and go check on my boyfriend before I make you take it out and use it on me." She reached down between them and squeezed the bulge through his pants, kissing him a final time on the forehead before standing back up and offering him a playful wink. "You better be watching my ass as I leave the room," she said, her voice playfully stern. Turning, she walked away from him, pausing at the stairs to look back and grin.
Don sighed deeply and shook his head at her, though he had a wide smile on his face. She giggled and went up the stairs. She smiled happily as she went to Dexter's room, feeling wonderful about the whole exchange. She just loved that Don was putting himself out there and that he was so fun to flirt with! She smiled and pushed the door open to Dexter's room, smiling as he looked up. He had his work laptop out on his desk and was typing in it and looked up and smiled as she came in.
"Been fucking the old man?" he asked.
Jessie grinned. "Of course!" she said with a wide smile. "No, goofy," she amended. "Only a little harmless flirting."
He chuckled. "I think our definitions of flirting differ, but I'm sure it was... probably pretty harmless."
She wondered why he would think their definitions of flirting would differ, since flirting was just flirting, but pushed the thoughts away and leaned over to kiss him.
"I'm gonna head home and get some stuff done before tonight," she said. "I'll ask Erin what time we're meeting and let you know, okay?"
Dex nodded and kissed her a final time before looking back at his laptop. "Love you baby," he said.
"Love you," she replied, closing the door behind her.
Turning, she headed downstairs and waved at Don before leaving and climbing in her car and driving home. As she went inside, she saw Donna relaxing on the couch. Her roommate looked up and smiled.
"Hey," she said.
"Hey," Jessie replied. "Got plans tonight?" she asked.
Donna looked at her like she was stupid.
"Dumb question I guess," Jessie admitted. "Then you're going out with Dex and I and Erin and her boyfriend. There's a party somewhere."
Donna shrugged. "I'd rather just stay here and fuck. Can't you and Dex demean me and abuse me a little? We can record it and send it to my guy."
"John can wait. You need to get out of the apartment and a party will be good for you. Maybe you and Dex can put on a show there?" Jessie had come around and sat on the couch beside her.
Her roommate smiled and shrugged. "If you insist."
Jessie hopped up and went to her room. Over the next couple of hours, she took a nap, called Erin and verified the party details and made sure that it was okay if they brought Donna along. Afterward, she took a long hot bath and got gussied up for the party, as her grandpa would say. She pulled out several sexy selections, but she and Donna both picked out similiar outfits. Donna's was a single black garment, but Jessie chose a black skirt with a black, low-cut top to go with it.
Dexter arrived and Jessie smiled as he came in and kissed her. "Damn," he said, his eyes devouring her. "You might just get laid tonight," he said, smiling. His eyes looked past her then, and she turned, seeing Donna step out of the bathroom.
"Holy shit," Dex said. "I don't think I've ever seen you all dressed up for a night out. Donna you are incredible."
She blushed and smiled. "Thank you, Dex." She stepped up and slid into his other arm, kissing him and then Jessie.
"Just promise me that you two will bring me home and ravage me tonight," she said, pulling needfully at both of them.
"I think she's a little horny," Jessie said.
"Seriously?" he asked. "I mean, no offense, but after last night?"
Donna sighed, closing her eyes. "Yeah, but that was last night. This is a whole new day."
"I warned you that Donna was probably going to want to fuck you a lot," Jessie said.
Dex smiled widely. "I guess I'm a lucky guy," he said.
Donna smirked and groped his crotch. "Yeah, you are."
"No, no, no," Jessie said, turning and pulling the two of them apart. "We don't have time to get started. We've gotta go meet Erin and her boyfriend."
Donna pouted at her, slowly dipping down to her knees. "Please, Jessie?" she begged. "I'll only suck his cock a little bit."
Dex chuckled but lifted her up.
"No," Jessie said, giggling. "You can suck his cock in the truck on the way over."
Donna clapped excitedly then and bolted out the door and down the stairs. Dex chuckled and followed behind. Jessie sighed good-naturedly and left last, locking the door behind her after clicking on the porch light.
She followed her two eager companions and climbed in after Donna, who was wasting no time in leaning over and lowering her head into Dexter's lap, even before he'd fully gotten into the truck.
"Holy shit," he said, smirking over at her. His expression changed suddenly as she apparently made contact with his cock. His hand went to the back of her head for a second and he groaned in pleasure. Turning, he smiled widely at Jessie and mouthed, "I love you," at her. She winked and mouthed it back.
Focusing on what he was doing, he started the truck and started to pull out of the parking lot. Jessie looked over and saw Donna's head bobbing up and down in time with her arm movements. She giggled, seeing how intently her roommate was focusing on pleasuring her boyfriend.
Dex pulled out of the complex and started down the road, slightly weaving in his lane but heroically maintaining his cool enough to navigate successfully.
Eventually, Dex grunted out that he was getting close to cumming, and Donna surprisingly stopped and sat back up, wiping her mouth. Turning, she grinned at Jessie and leaned over to kiss her. She smiled as the dark-haired girl pushed her tongue into Jessie's mouth. She tasted her boyfriend's pre-cum and sucked gently on the tongue in her mouth.
"Ugh, you suck," Dex said, putting his erection back into his pants.
"Don't worry," Donna said. "I'll make sure you cum plenty tonight." She turned and looked at Jessie. "As long as your girlfriend lets me, that is."
Jessie grinned widely and shrugged. "We'll see how much you misbehave," she said. Donna pouted for a moment but then grinned.
A few minutes later, Dex pulled up to the address that Jessie had given him and the three hopped out. Jessie stepped up to the door first and knocked. The door opened and someone she recognized opened it, looked at her, and smiled widely.
"Holy shit," he said.
"Ronnie?" Jessie asked. "Oh my goodness!"
"Hey," he said, smiling widely at her. "You're Erin's new friend?"
Jessie smiled widely and nodded.
Ronnie was a former date of hers, one that had gone typically like the others. He had an average sized dick, but she'd enjoyed the hell of sucking it nonetheless.
"Hey," he said, grimacing. "I was gonna call but..."
Jessie waved her hand away. "I'm not worried about it. This is my boyfriend," she said, gesturing to Dex as he stepped up beside her with Donna on his arm."
Ronnie smiled and shook his hand, then did a double take at Donna and him. Jessie looked back and giggled when she saw Donna clutching at him and practically writhing in place like some unbound sex demon.
"This is my overly horny roommate Donna," Jessie said, sighing exaggeratedly.
"Hi," Ronnie said, smiling. "Y'all can come in. Alec and Erin should be home soon."
Jessie led the way inside and stood just inside as he shut the door behind the three and went to sit in an easy chair.
"Make yourself at home," he said, gesturing to a couch. It was a small rent house that had just enough room for two people. "Man, I can't believe what a small world it is."
Jessie grinned. "Dex, I went out on a date with Ronnie," she said. "Just a single date. I can't believe you know Erin!" she said excitedly, turning back and looking over at him. She settled back against her boyfriend and felt his arm drape over her shoulder. Moving a single hand over, she laid it down on his thigh. Donna had sat right next to Dex and was practically humping his leg. She turned and laid her head on his shoulder, one leg going over his thigh.
"So, you're with Jessie?" Ronnie asked, looking pointedly at Dex and the dark-haired beauty trying to dry hump him. He hadn't said it rudely, and Jessie knew that he was just being inquisitive.
Dex chuckled and kissed Donna briefly. "Yeah," he said. "Jess and I are a couple. I'm assuming that my girlfriend ended y'all's date like she does all of her dates?" he asked, looking over at Jessie.
She grinned widely and nodded without hesitation. "You know me so well."
He chuckled.
"She told you about us?" he asked
Dexter chuckled. "Not specifically you, but when we hit it off on that first date, she explained the whole situation and her reputation, and how much she enjoyed giving head, you know?"
Ronnie nodded. "Oh, I know," he said, grinning widely.
"He didn't seem bothered by it," Jessie added, scowling at him playfully. "So when he asked me out again, I said absolutely!"
"Shit, you're a better man than I am," Ronnie said, sighing deeply. "I mean, all that didn't bother me but I'm not really a dating type of guy. I just don't know how I'd handle knowing about my girlfriend's "goodnight kiss" to a man I just met." He made quotes in the air when he said, "goodnight kiss."
Jessie grinned. "I like that. Goodnight kiss! That's so me!"
Donna snickered along with her and clutched at Dex.
"Well, I'm not a jealous guy," Dex said. "It was before she and I were together, you know? She told me all about her past and how much she liked giving a goodnight kiss." She giggled and elbowed him playfully. "You're hardly the only guy I'm going to meet that she's had in her mouth. No offense, babe."
Jessie shrugged, smiling at him. He wasn't wrong.
Ronnie laughed. "I like you Dex. You sound like a good dude."
Dex smiled. "You gonna hang out with us?" he asked.
Ronnie shook his head. "Nah, parties ain't my thing. Plus, I've got a hookup coming over after she gets off work."
"Nice," Dex said, nodding his head in appreciation.
The four of them engaged in polite conversation for a few minutes after that until Erin arrived, followed quickly by Alec. He went and hopped in the shower after saying a brief hello to everyone. He looked tired and grumpy from work but had been cordial enough.
Erin talked briefly with him before he disappeared, and then turned to the others with a smile on her face. Jessie winked at her as she looked over and saw Donna clutching at Dex as Jessie gently squeezed his leg while she conversed idly with Ronnie.
Her new blonde BFF looked really cute, in Jessie's opinion. She was wearing a pretty blouse and a pair of matching shorts, both of which seemed a little drab, but the gorgeous girl had a way of it work for her. She looked very adorable in her estimation, and she hoped that they got to hang out a lot that evening.
"Alec," Erin said after he'd gotten dressed and come out of his room. "This is my new friend Jessie and her boyfriend Dexter."
Alec came forward, smiling and shook Dexter's hand. Jessie smiled widely, seeing that Alec was quiet and a little nerdy, just like her boyfriend.
"Nice to meet you," he said, shaking Dexter's hand.
"This is my roommate Donna," Jessie said. He smiled and nodded at Donna, who had finally stopped undulating against Dexter.
"We'll see ya later Ronnie. Have fun with Lacey," Erin said.
"You know it!" the much more confident one of the two roommates said. "I'm gonna hit it twice, once for me and once for you, short stuff."
Erin rolled her eyes and gave him a relatively platonic hug as she smirked at him. He nodded at Alec and waved at Donna.
"Good to meet you dude," he said, offering Dex another handshake. "I'm uh... glad that Jessie ended up with a guy that understands her."
Dex smiled and nodded in that typical guy way. "Good to meet you too, and thanks."
Jessie was glad that her boyfriend was such an understanding guy. It made her love him even more. She smiled and stepped a little livelier, knowing then that she was going to have a wonderful night.
*****
Dexter
Turning. Dex reached for Jessie's hand with a wink as the five-some left the apartment and headed down to the vehicles.
"So where are we going?" he asked.
Alec turned, his arm on Erin and holding her close. "You can just follow us if you like. It's not too far."
"Sounds good," Dex said. He opened the door for Jessie and Donna and then went around to his side.
A few minutes later, they arrived at the house that was having the party. After parking a few houses down, they walked in and saw a myriad of different people milling around and drinking. It looked to him that it was mostly college kids.
A redhead wearing a bikini and holding a glass of wine shrieked and charged over when she looked over and saw Erin and Alec.
"Er-bear! You came!" she yelled, obviously drunk. Erin laughed as the girl came charging over and slammed into her. Alec saw it coming and caught the two of them, both laughing hard. He smirked and rolled his eyes at Dexter and Jessie. Donna waved and seemed to disappear into the party, obviously off to look for some trouble.
"What's up LALEC!" the redhead in the bikini slurred, falling into Alec's arms. As she moved, Dex noticed her bikini top was out of place and a very pink nipple pushed into his chest. Smirking, Dex looked over at Erin and then nodded down at the redhead. Erin followed his eyes and laughed, looked back up at Dex, and then shrugged.
"Sandy," Erin said, pulling her off of Alec. "These are my friends, Jessie and Dexter," she said, reaching down and pulling the bikini top back in place.
Sandy didn't seem to notice, drunkenly swaying in place. "Hey! Welcome to the party!" she smiled at Jessie and then winked exaggeratedly at Dex. Turning, she whispered, "He's cute!" at Erin, who rolled her eyes.
Dex chuckled as Jessie raised an eyebrow and smirked. He looked down. "Getting jealous?" he asked.
Jessie scowled playfully at him. "Hrm, I let my roommate fuck you constantly and I'm the one getting jealous?"
Dex grinned widely. "Judging by your reaction, yes."
"Aww, I'm jussstt, playin'," Sandy slurred, turning and falling into Jessie. She tried to kiss for her a little bit until a tall guy came over and picked her up easily.
"Listen up!" he said, turning back to the crowd. "No more alcohol for Sandy please!" He turned back and shook Dexter's hand. "Hey, sorry about her. I'm Blake."
"Blake, this is Dexter and Jessie, new friends of mine," Erin said. "Blake is Sandy's boyfriend. This is his house."
Dexter shook his hand and nodded. "Good to meet you."
"Jessie," Blake said, turning and shaking her hand. Dex instantly took a liking to the taller guy. He was well built and seemed really genuine. He gave them a brief tour of the house and told them to make themselves at home. He took Sandy upstairs for a bit to rest and let her sober up. As they went and got a drink, Jessie turned and gave him a kiss.
"Thank you," she said, pulling him close.
"For what?" he asked.
She smiled and looked up at him adoringly, her fingers idly stroking his chest. "For not being a jealous guy. It makes me love you even more."
Dex smiled. "Honey, it was before my time. You could have gone on a date with half of the room and it wouldn't have bothered me." He cocked his head and looked down, smiling at her. "What right do I have to get jealous over something you did before I was even in the picture?"
She smiled and looked up at him adoringly.
"Besides, I know you're a flirtatious girl," he said. "I hear tell that you have a knack for getting into situations," he said, trying to sound playful.
She giggled. "Kind of like when I was letting your dad cum on my boobs?" she asked, speaking in a hushed tone.
He laughed. "Exactly." Chuckling, he thought back to the highly erotic sight of his girlfriend's nude body covered in oil. The thought of someone else lusting over her was strangely exciting. The idea that his dad could get that excited just by looking at her nude body definitely made him proud. He briefly wondered if it was common for men to like knowing that other men were attracted to your girl.
Erin came over at that moment and pulled Jessie away by her hand. "I'll take care of her," Erin said, winking at him. "Come on Jess! There are some people I want you to meet!"
"Love you!" Jessie yelled back at him, disappearing into the throng of people as Erin pulled her away. Dex waved and turned, seeing Alec coming over with a beer.
"You kind of get used to Sandy's shit after awhile," Alec said, stepping a little closer to Dex. "She's a fuckin' redhead, what the fuck you gonna do, you know?"
Dexter chuckled as they walked through the crowd to a relatively unoccupied area of the living room. "I hear ya. I knew a pair of redheads back in high-school that were always getting fucked up and getting crazy at parties. Does she get Erin in trouble a lot?"
Alec chuckled. "Actually, Erin is really good about resisting the little fire-crotch," he said. "Last night was the first time she's done anything really out there, you know?"
Dex nodded, wincing. "I was wondering if she'd told you."
Alec nodded and clapped him on the shoulder. "Yeah, she did. She couldn't stop talking about it honestly." Alec smiled and shrugged. "We're good though."
Dex glanced over and nodded, smiling.
"I guess I should thank you," Alec said, grinning widely. "She came home and we fucked for a couple of hours," he said. Dexter laughed.
"Bro, she was talking dirty and being super-aggressive and shit," Alec said, grinning. "She even..." he stopped, looking around him, "she even fuckin' swallowed my load dude."
Dex laughed, realizing that not all girlfriends were created equal and silently thanking whatever gods or demons had put Jessie together. He saw then that Alec was indeed alright with what happened and relaxed, chuckling.
"I'm glad you're okay with it bud. I felt like saying something, but we just met, you know?" he stated. Alec was nodding already as he spoke. "I was like... is he gonna punch me in the face, or maybe get mad at my girl?"
"Nah, we're good boss. She told me that you kept telling her that she didn't have to do it." He grinned and clapped Dex on the shoulder again.
"For what it's worth, Jessie is the one that made her help out. You kind of get used to Jessie too. She's like a... she's like a little... sexual Tasmanian Devil. I mean, when she gets going, you better be ready cuz you're gonna get sucked in real fuckin' quick and get spit out just as quickly if you ain't ready."
Alec doubled over with laughter for a second. "Yeah," he said. "Sounds pretty fuckin' hot."
Dex nodded. "Honestly though man," he said and tapping Alec one the shoulder to draw his gaze, "I feel like I need to apologize for my girlfriend having Erin help shave my crotch," Dex said. "For my part, it wasn't really hot at all. It was awkward and very clinical, and it was actually the first time that I'd even met Erin."
Alec laughed for a second but then shrugged it off. "We're good bro, no sweat, and honestly man with Erin's job, I'm kind of already used to hearing about her seeing people in the buff and telling me about weird old men getting hard-ons and asking for handjobs and the like. I mean, yeah, the shaving thing was a bit much, but I'm trying to get her to have a threesome, so who am I to judge?"
Dex chuckled. "Is she considering it?" he asked.
Alec smiled wider. "Hell yeah. She's always wanted to try being with another girl, or so she says. Making friends with Jessie was an attempt to do just that." Alec told him how Erin had told him that he could have a threesome with her and another willing woman if she could have one with him and another man.
Dex smirked. "My girlfriend," he said, shaking his head and laughing.
"She didn't tell you?" he asked.
Dexter shook his head. "Honestly... it's not a big deal, she eventually would have."
"Seriously, though," Alec said. "I'm thinking I'll just let her have a single session with another guy. I'm not sure I could perform with another dude in the room."
Dex nodded in agreement. "I didn't think I'd be able to either, but you never know."
"You share Jessie?" he asked.
Dex shook his head. "No, not really. It's... really fuckin' complicated," he said with a deep sigh. "I've learned that you've got to just accept who she starts flirting with and not get too bent out of shape over it," he continued. "Plus, she's obviously a very understanding girl when it comes to sharing me, so I have to be just as understanding."
Alec nodded. "You must be. I heard that Ronnie went out with her."
Dex chuckled. "Yeah, but like I told her, that was before me, you know. Who am I to judge her for that? It had nothing to do with me then and has nothing to do with me now. Too many dudes get so bent out of shape and threatened because they're with a girl who's had some other dude's dick her in mouth, you know? Besides, I'm the beneficiary of all of her dick-sucking experience."
Alec laughed and nodded. "I couldn't agree more, man."
The two guys talked for the next hour or so, milling around the party and sipping a few beers. Dex told him about the odd relationship he had with Donna and her boyfriend, and how Jessie seemed to fit into that picture. He learned that Alec worked in the kitchen of a restaurant and was still going to school. They bonded a little bit talking about computers and gaming, and then spoke about sports and working out.
"Well shit," Alec said. "I don't mean this to sound weird, but I could use a workout partner. I need to start lifting again."
Dex nodded. "Can do man. So do I. I feel like I've been focusing on my girlfriend so much that I forgot about working out. I'll text you and we can start going again."
Alec smiled. "You're a good man, Dexter. I'm glad you forced my girlfriend to shave your balls."
Dex laughed loudly. "Yeah, well at least you're not a Patriots fan so I guess we can be friends."
Alec laughed in return. After a few seconds he turned and looked around. "I guess we better go check on our girlfriends."
Dex chuckled. "I'm sure they're fine," he said. In truth, he was curious what kind of trouble Jessie had gotten herself into. It had been twenty minutes or so since he'd seen her.
He went into one room, following Alec, and saw Donna in her bra playing a drinking game with other half-naked party goers. He winked at her as she looked up and saw him.
"Are you going to take me home and fuck me yet, Mr. Horse-cock?" she asked him loudly.
He smiled, loving her at that moment as everyone glanced in his direction, more than a few girls looking down at his crotch.
"Later, if you're a good girl and ask my girlfriend," he said, winking. She blew him a kiss and looked back at the group. A topless girl with smallish tits beside her leaned over and asked her something quietly.
"Because honey, he's hung like a fucking horse," Donna said, not quieting in the least. Alec laughed and pushed through the room toward the other door, Alec following behind. It seemed that Donna wasn't done bragging about him yet though, and yelled, "Hey Dex, why don't you come over and slap that bad boy down on the table?"
The room laughed at that and he rolled his eyes at Alec and kept pushing through.
They found Erin talking to Blake and a slightly more sober Sandy. "Baby!" Erin said, hugging Alec's neck. "Have you two been having fun?"
Alec nodded and talked quietly with her. She glanced over and smiled sweetly at Dexter and gestured toward the backyard.
Dex smiled back at her and nodded, then walked to the back door and saw Jessie talking to a guy and a girl he didn't know. She glanced over and saw him standing in the doorway and waved, blowing him a kiss.
*****
Jessie
Jessie smiled as Dex started to come over, but then Erin came out of the house and poked him in the side, stopping his progress. He smiled when he saw her, then turned to face her as they started to converse. Jessie smiled sweetly at the couple she'd been talking to as they waved and walked away. She turned and looked and saw someone smiling at her.
"No way," he said, walking straight toward her. "Jessie Marks?"
She smiled, recognizing him. "Ty?" she asked. "Wow! It's been a while!"
He smiled as he approached her, even leaning over to kiss her on the cheek. "Goddamn it's good to see you," he said.
"You look like you're doing well," she said, smiling as he stepped back and sized her up. His eyes went immediately to her ample cleavage, but that was nothing new. She smirked as he stepped closer to surreptitiously look further down her top.
"I didn't ever call you after our date," he said. "I'm sorry about that."
She shrugged. "It sounds bad, but I'm used to it. Don't worry about it."
He chuckled. "Well, I had a great time, for sure."
She grinned widely. "I'm sure you did. Blowjobs aren't something that guys dislike."
He grinned widely and looked down her shirt again. "Goddamn you look good. I don't suppose you're still in the business of handing those out at the end of dates, are you?"
She giggled. "As a matter of fact, I still do, Mr. Nosey. In fact, I ran into another one of my dates earlier and we talked about my "goodnight kisses" being a common fact. I'm hardly one to say no to an offered cock."
His smile got even wider, if that was possible. His hand was up at her side then, moving upward to clutch at the side of her breast, even moving up and over the top for a moment before moving back to the side.
"I don't suppose you'd like to find a quiet spot and give me one right now, for old time's sake?" he asked. "You really seemed to enjoy it."
Jessie smirked and stepped back a bit. "You're right, I do honestly enjoy sucking dick. But, I really don't think my boyfriend would like that, at least not without asking him if I could."
He stepped back and looked down. "You'vegot a boyfriend?" he asked. His tone was more than a little offensive and she scowled at him.
"What's that mean?" she asked, frowning and stepping back, her arms crossing over her breasts and covering the cleavage that he seemed so enamored by. She remembered him more at that point. He'd been cocky and self-assured and had also been very rude to their waiter. She'd almost not given him a blowjob and hadn't been hurt in the least when he didn't call her back.
"I'm not trying to offend you, but you definitely had your fair share of dick in your mouth," he said. "I just saying that it's not unheard of for it to be hard to find a guy that would seriously date a girl that had a reputation like yours."
Jessie scowled even harder at him. "Fuck you, Ty! For your information, Dex knows all about my love of sucking cock." She gestured behind him and saw her boyfriend look up just then. He must have sensed her irritation as he started to weave his way toward her. "In fact..."
Dex stepped up then and looked down at her.
"Hi baby!" she said sweetly, stepping close to him. "I just found another guy that I went on a date with!" she said happily. She was playing it up a little, but Ty had gotten under her skin a little, the prick.
"Oh yeah?" Dex asked. "Shit, two in one night." Turning, he looked at the guy and said, "Dexter," his hand extended. Ty took it and went through the motions.
"He was asking if I still gave my "goodnight kisses" out to whoever I wanted and I said that of course I did."
Dex chuckled.
"I told him that if he were brave enough to actually ask you for permission, I'd give him one right here and now," she said. Dex must have sensed the irritation in her voice and knew to play along.
"Well, shit," Dex said. He looked up. "Well how about it?" he asked. "You got something to ask?"
Ty didn't say anything but shook his head and waved his hand dismissively at them before turning and disappearing into the party.
Dex turned back, laughing along with Jessie as she looked up and kissed him. "Thank you baby," she whispered.
"Was he really one of your dates? He seemed like kind of an asshole," he said.
She nodded. "He definitely was. I'm glad he didn't call back."
"Want me to go beat his ass?" he asked, turning and flexing playfully in front of her.
She laughed and shook her head. "Come here you goofball," she said.
Dex smirked and wrapped an arm around her, kissing her before they went and found a couple of chairs to sit in and people-watch for awhile. After a while, the party started to thin out a bit until it was just a small crowd in the house. Dex and Jessie went in and found a topless Donna along with several other half-naked people, dancing in the living room. The lights were low enough for them to see and Jessie giggled as she saw something, nudging Dex.
*****
Dexter
He looked up at where Jessie was subtly gesturing. Sandy was dancing with two strange guys. One of them was up behind her, his obvious erection sliding into the crack of her ass, still covered with her bikini bottom. The one in front was groping her obviously as she gyrated haphazardly between them, obviously drunk again.
"I should let Blake know," Dex said. Jessie smiled and nodded, and he stepped away to go look for their host. After searching the kitchen, living room, and a few bedrooms, he finally saw Blake talking quietly with a few people in the dining room. Dex cocked his arm at him as he went in, and then nodded to the side. Blake nodded and stood up, then excused himself from the conversation.
"What's up?" he asked.
"I'm not one to go meddling in a fella's business," Dexter said, "but your girl is being pretty heavily groped in the living room."
Blake sighed. "Jesus, again? Thanks man." He turned and went to the next room and moved directly over to the two groping his woman.
"Time to leave," he said, directing them to the door. Sandy pouted at him as the two turned and started to leave, flipping him the bird as they did. "Yeah, yeah," he said. "Get the fuck out before I beat you into the ground."
Dex smirked. It looked like Blake could do exactly what he'd said. The party seemed to relax a little then, as Blake gave Sandy a stern look. She seemed to be able to flirt her way out of trouble with him, and he wondered if Blake was in the sort of relationship that Dexter himself was in.
"Let's play a game," one of the girls near Donna said.
Sandy, leaning into her boyfriend, turned and went to the kitchen and returned with a deck of cards. She pulled one out and yelled, "Suck and Blow!" The group laughed then and half of them rolled their eyes at the childish game. Sandy brought the card to her lips and sucked, then looked around and pushed it to a random guys lips, who sucked on it and turned, giving it to a different girl. It went around the room until it got to Jessie, who turned and gave it to Alec, who'd been standing close by. Alec turned and planted it on Donna but was distracted by her tits and dropped the card. She picked it up and wiped it on his shirt, admonishing him with a finger. It started making the rounds again until it got to Erin, who saw Dex and planted it quickly on him. He felt her hand on his hip for a moment, steadying the two of them and then turned, giving it back to Sandy. She seemed to drop it, mostly on purpose and kissed the guy standing next to her. The game seemed to peter out then, as people realized that it was pretty stupid and was basically an excuse in high school and junior high to pretend to kiss someone.
Turning, he looked for Jessie and spotted her being pulled to the kitchen by a half-naked Donna. He smirked, shaking his head.
Following, he saw them surrounded by a group of guys with a few girls mixed in, one of them obviously groping Jessie's dark-haired roommate. She slapped his hand away and turned. "Body shots?" she asked. Several people cheered.
"Dex, would you mind?" she asked, reaching her hand out. He came around the counter then and helped her up onto the counter, wondering what she was going to do.
"Someone get the tequila," she said. Another cheer went up and one of the guys left the room, coming back a few seconds later with a mostly full bottle of liquor.
Blake came in smirking and went to the fridge. He pulled out a container of sliced limes and then grabbed the salt from a cabinet and brought them over. "This might help," he said, stepping back and watching near Dex.
Jessie was standing beside Donna as she laid down on the cabinet. She'd obviously done this with her roommate before. Leaning down, Jessie licked Donna's nipple and put a dab of salt on the wet spot. Taking a lime, she put it in Donna's mouth and then handed the bottle of Tequila to Dex. He waited until Jessie had slurped the salt and poured a stream onto Donna's chest as Jessie slurped it up. She turned and kissed her roommate, coming up with the lime which she sucked clean. A few people stepped up to be next, and he chuckled, more than happy to be the tequila guy.
The party got quieter still, and he and Jessie found a quiet spot on a couch. Donna slid down beside him and immediately started to try and undo his pants. There were a few people still left, some he didn't know, and of course Erin and Alec. Blake was cleaning up a little bit, but Sandy was still kind of dancing off by herself. He looked at Jessie questioningly.
"I don't care if she does," she whispered. "It's your cock, honey, but other people are going to see it."
He shrugged and smiled as Donna cheered quietly. Her hand immediately unzipped his pants as he looked up, seeing one girl elbowing another. She pulled his cock out and they smiled widely.
"Goddamn," Blake said, looking over. "Jesus man. How the hell do you walk straight?"
Erin, Donna, and Jessie were all smiling widely. Dex had never felt more proud in his life. Donna's warm mouth quickly enveloped the head and he grunted in approval.
"If I was hung like that, I'd have that fucker out wherever I could," Alec said.
Donna wasted no time in trying to get him to cum, but he'd had a little too much alcohol and knew that that wasn't going to happen. He was still able to maintain an erection though, and she seemed to have fun doing what she was doing. Eventually she crawled up into his lap, one leg over his thigh. The two girls that had been elbowing each other came over and asked, hilariously, if they could get a selfie or two with it.
Jessie snickered and said, "why not," as the both grinned. Kneeling down, one them, a short haired blonde, turned around and faced away, Dex's cock over her shoulder. Her friend took a few pictures but then said, "Oh, wait, look scared like it's going to bite you."
Dex chuckled and smiled, more than happy to let the two strangers do what they were doing. The two girls switched places and the other girl was much more brazen about touching him.
"Make it look like I'm deepthroating him," she said, turning and putting her lips on his cock as it hit the side of her face away from the camera.
Dex grunted, enjoying the feeling of her hand holding his cock. She turned and smiled, planting a kiss on it and then moved to her knees. She looked around, seemingly trying to see if many people were watching, and then took the tip into her mouth.
Dex sighed in pleasure, growing harder from the excitement of this stranger sucking his cock. She slowly started to bob up and down, seemingly unable to control herself.
"God, slut," the other girl said, kneeling back down beside her friend. Dex chuckled as she took his cock from the other girl and wrapped her lips around it. Jessie snickered and stood.
"Alright you tramps, let go," she said, reaching down and helping them up.
"Goddamn," one of them. "Give us a call if you ever need a break from fucking that thing."
Jessie giggled.
"Seriously," the short-haired blonde said. "I'll eat your pussy for a month if you let him pound me with that monster."
Jessie grinned and shrugged. "We'll see."
Donna stood and went to get her blouse and bra, coming back a few seconds later and putting them on brazenly in front of everyone.
"You ready to go?" Dex asked. He looked at his phone. It was around midnight. It was late, but not too late that the party had to end. "We can go back to my house and swim."
Jessie, misunderstanding stood and smiled. "That sounds fun. Anyone else want to join us?" she asked. Alec and Erin stood, more than happy to keep the party going, but Blake still had Sandy to deal with and a party mess to clean up.
The five left and drove to Dex's house. He showed them around to the back, using the side gate, while he went inside and saw that his dad was still up.
"Hey," he said. His father looked up from the book he was reading.
"Hey son. Fun night?"
Dex smiled. "With Jessie, always."
Don chuckled.
"I was just gonna let you know that there's a few folks here, Donna, Jessie, and two others. We're gonna hang out and swim." Dex looked down, waiting for a response.
Don nodded. "Sounds like a fun time."
"The girls will be skinny dipping," Dex added, "if you feel like joining." Dex flashed him a cheeky grin.
His dad smiled but shook his head. "I appreciate it. Go have fun."
He went outside and saw that Jessie had turned on the back-porch light, but left the pool light off. She was in the midst of stripping down when he got there and joined her. Donna was already nude, diving in the water as he pulled his shirt off. As he got in, he saw Alec jump in completely nude and then was taken aback at how sexy Erin looked.
Her breasts were bigger than he'd imagined, but not as big as Jessie's. They seemed to be effortlessly perky but were covered with an incredibly sexy white bra. It seemed like she wasn't ready to get completely nude just yet, and he didn't blame her. She slipped in the water, her panties and bra still on, and swam over to Alec.
Dex smirked and dropped his pants, pulling everything off and diving in. Donna and Jessie immediately began to horseplay and made the mistake of splashing Alec. He turned and swam toward them as Erin slid silently over to where Dex was laying. He inhaled and floated up, his legs moving up to the surface.
She came up beside him then, and he slid back beneath the water, the darkness covering his lower half.
"You have fun tonight?" he asked.
She smiled. "Oh of course," she replied. "I think my boyfriend is going to be horny from all this."
Dex chuckled. "You're probably right. You gonna give him a little somethin' somethin'?"
She snickered and shrugged, sliding closer to him. They talked quietly for a few minutes while the others horsed around. His eyes finally adjusted to the dim light of the backyard and he stared in awe at how gorgeous she looked.
"What?" she asked.
He smiled. "You look really beautiful right now," he said, smiling.
She smiled, laughing quietly. "It's dark out here, goober."
He laughed easily and slid a little closer. Her hand seemed to move with the lapping of the water, and she brushed against his leg. They watched the other three laughing and horsing around for a few minutes, talking quietly. Dex couldn't help but look at the gorgeous blonde's small but attractive cleavage in the dim light. After about ten minutes, she slid from the pool and up onto the deck.
"Come on," she said, patting the concrete beside her. "It's not too cold."
Dex smiled and pushed himself up, plopping down next to her. She giggled, seeing his semi-erect cock.
"That thing looks impressive even when you aren't erect," she said. "Have girls always been enamored of it?"
Dex chuckled and shook his head. "It took having a girlfriend like Jessie to show me how much they were," he admitted. "Before, I was really just too quiet and the only people who ever saw it were the other guys in the locker room back in high school. It's not like they're gonna go bragging about the size of my dick."
She giggled and he watched as her breasts jiggled a bit. "You never had a girlfriend in high-school?" she asked, elbowing him playfully and point up to her eyes.
He shook his head and grinned widely, shrugging. "Nope. Like I said; too shy."
She frowned. "Well, you're cute and sweet. I would have gone out with you in high school, and then all the girls would have known about your situation there," she said, nodding her head toward his crotch.
He laughed easily and glanced back down toward Jessie and the others.
*****
Jessie
After Dex opened the side gate, Donna immediately stripped down and dove in. Jessie took a second to go turn on the back porch light before turning to go join her, Alec and Erin quietly walking around to the other side of the pool.
Walking over to them, Jessie quickly slid out of her clothes and pulled her panties off as Dex came out of the house behind her. He walked up and smiled, his eyes drinking in her form and then wandering over to Donna and then Erin. Jessie giggled and stepped into the water, followed quickly by Alec. Erin and Dexter seemed to take their time.
Donna came up behind her then and she felt both hands of her roommate grope her breasts and pull, dunking her under the surface of the water. Coming up sputtering, she turned and dunked her back, then laughed as they started splashing each other.
An errant spray caught Alec as he got closer, and he dove toward the two of them. For a few minutes there was a little splash war going on until Donna dove back toward him and pulled him under. The two came up laughing. They wrestled playfully for a minute before turning toward Jessie as she clung to the side.
Grinning, they swam toward her quickly. She didn't put up a fight and had been skinny dipping enough times to know how flirty and fun things could get. She giggled as Alec reached her first, his arms going around her waist and pulling her back as Donna joined on the other side. The three swam out, semi-wrestling in the deeper water.
Jessie felt some decidedly masculine hands on her butt for a second before they moved upward, one grasping her stomach and pulling it to him, and the other groping a breast. She giggled then but was distracted by Donna as she brought her breasts up out of the water and smashed one of them into Jessie's face, the trio laughing lightly.
Jessie let them manhandle her for a few minutes, being pulled and groped for a bit before diving under the water and swimming away a few feet. Alec turned his attention to Donna then, and she deftly wrapped her legs around him, giggling and using her weight to try and drag him under.
She let go after successfully dunking him, and Jessie tried to do the same. He swam up under the diving board though, and reached up, hanging down into the water. She swam up to him regardless and wrapped her legs much the same way Donna had, but wasn't able to find much purchase, and only succeeding in pulling him off the board. After a few minutes more of playful splashing, they wandered back down toward the other end of the pool as the five floated easily for a few more minutes, talking and having fun. Eventually, Erin and Alec exchanged a knowing look at each other, which Jessie caught, and announced that it was time to go.
"Dex's birthday is in two weeks," Jessie said, after the five of them were all dressed. "I'm thinking of having some kind of swim party for him."
He groaned and sighed at her. "A party, babe?" he asked.
She grinned. "Oh, this will be a clothing optional party, so don't go thinking it's going to be like the ones you had growing up."
"That sounds fun," Erin said.
"I like the sound of clothing prohibited," Donna added, drawing a smile of approval from Alec.
Jessie giggled and shrugged. "I've still got to go buy gifts and stuff, so I'll make sure it's okay with his dad. It should be though," she said, smiling sweetly.
After discussing the party, Alec and Erin left to go have sex, or so Jessie assumed. She was super-tired though, and after Dex drove she and Donna home, they all fell into bed and snuggled up, exhausted from their fun day.
"I can still get it up if you want to fool around," Dex said sleepily. Donna mumbled something that ended with morning.
Snickering, Jessie closed her eyes and fell asleep in a few minutes.
The next morning, she awoke to hear her two bed mates still sleeping. Grinning, she slid out of the bed and around to where Donna was splayed out on more than her share of the bed. Hilariously, her hand was clutched around Dexter's cock, as if they'd started to fool around earlier in the morning and had given up or fallen asleep again. The sheets had been kicked off at some point, and she smiled as a thought entered her brain.
Though she'd never done it before, she slid over to Donna's side of the bed and leaned over. Briefly wondering what it would be like, she slowly ran her tongue up her best friend's pussy, eliciting a moan and a hand on the back of her head. Donna's legs immediately spread and she looked down.
She moaned lowly, her eyes focusing on Jessie's. "Oh my fucking God," she moaned. "Fuck... sweetie, don't stop," she sputtered. Jessie winked, running her tongue upward across Donna's slit, and then inwards. Her roommate whimpered, moving her head around a little, and she realized she was trying to get her to lick against her clit, so she obliged.
Donna spasmed a little, her legs clenching around Jessie as she licked. Dexter decided to wake up then and looked up, rolling over. Donna pulled at him and he smiled, moving to his knees and bringing his crotch up to her face.
Jessie giggled, seeing Donna contort her body to be able to take Dex's cock in her mouth. A few hurried sucks and slurps along its length, and he was at full strength. Turning, he grinned and slid off the bed, coming around behind Jessie and lifting her hips easily. She kept her head between Donna's legs and tried to contain her excitement about him moving to start fucking her. She felt the head of his cock pushing gently at her own pussy as her tongue rubbed repeatedly against Donna's clit. Her roommate's hand was clenched in a wad of her hair as Dex's magnificent cock slid slightly inside. The tip of his cock was still wet, she sensed, and he pushed a little deeper. She felt her own lubrication take over and suddenly he was deep inside.
Jessie groaned deeply in pleasure, Dex's cock seemingly filling every crevice and pushing deep into her cunt. Donna pulled her hair a little and she started licking again. Soon, the threesome had a rhythm going.
Dex had Jessie's ass in the air, propped up on her knees, and was hammering that gorgeous cock of his down into her. Jessie's moans were matched by Donna's and the novice pussylicker had the dark-haired girl writhing from her first orgasm after a few minutes. Jessie's own orgasm followed quickly after, but Dexter stopped short. Grinning, he spun Jessie over and then pulled at Donna. His cock quickly found its home back in his girlfriend's pussy and began hammering down into her again, while he pulled Donna down on top of Jessie's face.
Jessie realized that he liked watching her eat pussy and grinned as Donna settled down on top of her face reaching down to lift her head up to meet the descending pussy. Her tongue lashed out and rubbed, eliciting another moan as the brunette settled down comfortably. Jessie liked this position. Doggy-style was fun as hell, but it had been a fight to maintain contact between her tongue and the pussy in front of her. Now, it was Donna on her face and Dex hammering away somewhere behind the brunette. All she had to do was lay there, lick and be fucked. At one point, just as Dex started breathing heavier and grunting, Donna slowed them down and spun around.
Jessie had been on her third orgasm that morning and whimpered when the pussy was taken away from her lips. Her sadness was brief however, as Donna slid back down on top of her, facing Dexter this time. Leaning down, she maneuvered her face down to where Dex was pumping his perfect cock down into her and then Jessie felt her tongue trying to get at her pussy.
A few seconds later, Dex began to cum, his cock pumping a huge load of cum into her pussy. Still sliding in as cum started to ooze out of her slit, he continued fucking into her until he was spent, and slid out and to the side of the two. Donna, turned on beyond reason, latched onto her in a messy sixty-nine and started to devour her filthy pussy.
Dex got up from his spot on the bed and stood up, smiling and watching for a few minutes. He started to turn, but Donna moved upward quickly and sucked his cock in her mouth as Jessie watched. After she was satisfied that she had him clean, she kissed the head of his cock and slid back into bed with Jessie. A few nipple sucks and neck-kisses later, and Donna was spooned up behind Jessie, having maneuvered her where she wanted her.
Jessie felt wonderful, more than happy to be Donna's sex toy. She sighed happily and closed her eyes, dozing as Dexter showered. A little later, she was awakened by him as he knelt by the bed. He was dressed and clean.
"I'm heading home baby," he said, kissing her forehead. "I love you."
"Love you," she said, closing her eyes again. Behind her, Donna squeezed her tighter, her hands groping Jessie's breasts under the covers. As she fell back asleep, she heard the front door unlock and then close before she dozed off again.
It was after lunch before she woke up again. Donna was still right next to her and woke up at the same time. Sliding from bed, her brunette roommate stood and walked over to where Jessie was standing, bending over and pulling a pair of panties out of a drawer to put on. She felt her lift her upright and push her back against the wall, pinning her arms above her head.
Jessie giggled briefly, but then moaned as Donna leaned down and sucked a nipple into her mouth, pulling on it and then nibbling briefly before dropping to her knees and pushing her back into the dresser.
Moaning, she felt Donna's head between her legs again. "Oh... my..." Jessie whimpered. Her roommate's tongue was skilled, and she quickly found Jessie's clit, pushing and prodding against it. She thrust her chin out at one point, driving her mouth completely against Jessie's pussy, her lips and tongue sucking at her clit.
Groaning, Jessie had another orgasm before Donna finally stood and let her go, kissing her for a moment before leaving the room. Jessie stood there, legs shaking as she tried to recover. Giggling, she shook her head and finished getting dressed. Throughout the rest of the day, Donna kept attacking her. As Jessie came back from getting them some lunch, Donna pushed her forward onto the table with her hands still full of fast food bags. As she pulled Jessie's shorts off, she dropped to her knees again and started licking, her tongue moving from her pussy to her ass and back.
The next time, Jessie was laying diagonally in the crook of the couch, when Donna stood from her spot and walked over, to a groaning Jessie. She expected her to start going down on her again, but
instead, the brunette slid her shorts and panties off and then grabbed a handful of hair while straddling Jessie's face.
Left with no other choice, she started to lick, staring up intently at her attacker. Donna quickly had an orgasm, and then sat back down like nothing had happened out of the ordinary.
Finally, late that evening after Dex had called to talk for a bit, Donna disappeared into her bedroom and then came back with something Jessie hadn't seen before. The dark-haired beauty was completely naked but was wearing a harness of some kind on her pelvis. It had a large purple shaft attached to it, a little smaller than Dexter at full strength. In her hand was a bottle of lube. She snickered and shook her head as Donna came over, but she didn't stop.
"What's gotten into you today?" Jessie asked finally.
Donna grinned and grabbed a handful of her hair, yanking hard and pulling her off the couch as she giggled in response. Throwing her forward, the brunette still didn't respond, except to pop open the bottle of lube and stroke some onto the fake cock in front of her.
Jessie giggled and moved to a doggy-style position, glancing back and accepting her fate as Donna knelt in front of her.
"I wanted to use this and haven't had a chance yet," Donna said, smiling. Jessie giggled again and looked back over the curve off her rump. Donna slid forward and rubbed it against Jessie's pussy lips before sliding it in.
It felt good, but it still felt like plastic and Jessie was hard to make cum like that. Donna had made a comment about this not being as easy as guys made it look, and Jessie could only guess that she was right. Her roommate looked winded after only a few minutes.
Smiling, Jessie spun around and pushed Donna back up on to the couch before unclipping the strap-on and licking her to an orgasm. They finished off the evening in each other's arms, nude and quiet, watching a couple of movies.
*****
Dexter
Having spent much of his day sleeping or helping his dad, Dex spent the evening alone in his room. After talking to his girlfriend, he climbed into bed early after such a long night the previous night. He quickly crashed and woke up the next morning to get dressed for work. He texted a quick, "I love you," to his girlfriend, and went and shit, showered, and shaved.
After getting dressed and eating breakfast, he drove to work and sat down, logging into his computer and picking up a few tickets to work on. As his workday continued, he noticed that his boss wasn't there. Nicole's husband, Chase, was out on some training trip for the next couple of days. He felt much more at ease knowing that. It wasn't like he was just going to fuck around and not do anything for the next few days, but it was going to be easier to work, for sure.
He was knee-deep in a ticket near the end of the day when he got a text and checked his phone to see what it was. Expecting Jessie, he was slightly surprised to see Nicole's name pop up. He opened his phone and saw the last picture she'd sent. He smiled and admired her curves.
"I need you to come to my office when you can so we can talk about a project," she said.
He felt better then, knowing that it was about work, and not other things. "On my way," he sent.
He stood and walked directly to Nicole's office at the end of the long hallway, passing Vicky's on the way. He glanced in, but she wasn't there. As he walked up to Nicole's door, he knocked and waited for her to answer.
"Come in," she called.
He entered, the door swinging wide. "Hey," he said, stepping in and then sitting down in one of the chairs. Behind him the door closed and he saw Vicky, smiling and looking at him as if he were a pile of meat and she were a hungry dog. He sighed and shook his head.
"My husband is out of town," Nicole said. "We wanted to see if you would come over and have a drink with us."
Dex looked up, surprised as Vicky walked over to him. She was chewing persistently at her bottom lip, as if fighting off the urge to jump on him, which she probably was. He stood and turned, walking toward the door. Vicky smirked and pushed him up against it, her warmth oozing into him. He inhaled deeply, in surprise at first, but then to get more of her delectable scent into his nose.
He sighed deeply, closing his eyes. "God you smell good," he said. He looked down and saw her staring downward, her hands rubbing and worrying at each other.
"Fuck," she said, her hands moving forward.
Nicole had stood by then and was right behind her as Vicky reached forward. Before Nicole could grab her, the blonde had unzipped Dex's pants and reached in, but only for a second. Whimpering, she fell to her knees and leaned forward as Nicole fought to hold on to her arms.
Laughing, she tried to pull the blonde back up, but only succeeded in lifting her arms. Vicky leaned forward and buried her lips against Dex's crotch. His cock was steadily growing erect, but he had his hands up, still in the position of being surprised. He shook his head and moved them down, but Vicky had maneuvered her face and lips up and had gotten her teeth around the flap of fabric near the button, pulling until it came open.
"Vicky," Nicole said. "Stop!"
"I can't," she said. "Just a little suck," she begged. "Please Nicky!"
Dex continued to stare downward in shock but didn't move. Her lips and teeth had pulled his pants open and she had bitten the front panel of his boxers, moving them down until the tip of his cock had slipped over the edge.
"Fuck," she whimpered as Nicole finally managed to pull her back. Dex watched in amazement as she pulled hard and practically threw her into a chair. The blonde looked up from staring at Dex's cock and glared at Nicole.
"Vicky," she said. "You have a husband and we were just supposed to convince him to come over tonight."
Vicky glared at her, then settled her gaze on Dex's cock. He moved his hands down to start to put it away but was almost afraid to move for fear of upsetting the delicate balance of calm that had finally settled over them.
"I should know better by now than to come here," he said, sighing. He turned without saying another word and pulled his zipper up. Buttoning his pants, he opened the door and went back to his desk, ignoring Vicky's pleading and Nicole's repeated calls of "Wait!"
*****
Jessie
Work for Jessie was relatively normal. Mr. Murphy had her come in and show him that she wasn't wearing panties, and then made her sit on his lap for a little bit. He could be pretty flirty at times, but he seemed to not know how to really flirt. She figured she might have to show him how some time.
Dexter's birthday was getting closer and she still hadn't picked out any gifts for him. She'd decided to go ahead and get a tattoo, but that was going to be later in the week. She definitely wanted to pick out some slutty lingerie for him but wanted a man's opinion. She could have used John if he'd been in town, but he was still out working in the oil field.
Don would suffice, she figured, and today was as good a day as any. She texted Dex right after work and let him know that she was taking Don out gift shopping. Dex sent back an "Okay," and an "I love you."
She didn't bother texting Don, but just drove over to the house right after work. Climbing out, she briefly thought about putting on panties, but remembered that she'd left them with Mr. Murphy, having playfully draped them around his neck as she sat on his lap.
She giggled when she thought about the way his fingers stroked her thigh or tickled the sensitive flesh of her buttocks. Hopping out, she went inside and looked around for Don. She found him in his office, hard at work on something.
"Hi there, Papa!" she said, giving him a pet name on a whim.
He looked up, chuckling. "Papa?"
She giggled. "You call me "Spitfire,"" she pointed out. "I just wanted a nickname for you."
"Hey there, Spitfire," he said, grinning at her.
"Hi Papa!" she said again, laughing.
She came around then and pulled his chair out, plopping herself down in his lap. Turning, she moved her legs between his and looked at him directly.
"Are you going to be done soon?" she asked.
Don smiled. "I can be done now. What did you need?"
She felt his hand on her thigh, cradling her and holding her so she didn't fall off his lap. Snickering to herself, she looked at him sweetly.
"Dex's birthday is in two weeks and I still need to get him a gift," she said. "Plus, I want to have a little swim party if you don't mind."
Don smile and shrugged. "No, that's fine. Do we need to go find something tonight then?" he asked.
She smiled and hugged his neck. "If you have time, I would really appreciate that." She turned more, her thigh moving upward and settling down on his crotch.
He grunted then, closing his eyes. She giggled, looking down as she felt his erection pressing into her thigh.
"Aww, Papa has a boner!" she snickered. She looked down again and pulled at his pants button, popping it open and looking down inside playfully. "Do we need to take care of it before we leave?" she asked. Without waiting for him to respond, she moved off his lap and turned to face him, sitting on his desk. His eyes went to her skirt and her bare pussy that was showing when she lifted it for him.
He groaned, staring straight at it.
"You can jerk off right on my pussy," she said, smiling sweetly. Don groaned, but shook his head, buttoning his pants back up. "Just give me a minute," he said, standing and heading to his bathroom.
Jessie giggled, sliding off his desk and following him to the bathroom. He closed the bathroom door and a few seconds later, she heard him peeing. She giggled, opening it again. Walking in, she smiled as he sighed and shook his head at her shenanigans.
He quickly finished what he was doing and turned, grabbing his wallet and keys from the nightstand by the bed. Sliding his cellphone into his pocket, he turned and looked at her.
"I'm ready when you are, Spitfire!" he said.
She smiled widely and walked over to him and then past, walking down the stairs and to his truck.
"So where am I taking you?" he asked.
She smiled. "Well, I'm looking for something really naughty," she said. "I know there's that adult shop on the northern side of town, past the city limits."
He chuckled. "That place is a little scary," he said. "You sure you wouldn't want to look somewhere online or at the Mall or something?"
She shrugged. "I just figured that they'd have some kinky stuff out there. You're not worried about going, are you?"
He laughed. "No, honey," he said. "I don't mind going there if you don't."
She smiled widely. "Off we go then!"
The trip out to the store didn't take too long, and Jessie talked politely with Don. She tried to stay away from risqu topics since they were going to look at sex paraphernalia anyway. She didn't think Don needed to be aroused before they even went in.
The building it was housed in was actually a lot bigger than Jessie realized. She giggled when she saw an old man go in, turning around and looking to see if anyone was watching him. Smiling, she hopped out and walked around to meet Don as he got out.
She grinned playfully as they went in, seeing Don's mild discomfort and enjoying the thought of the playful torment to come. Walking in, she was greeted with a second door with a big sign saying: "Absolutely No Minors Permitted."
She opened that and was greeted with a glass counter top display case on the left side and a bored looking young man leaning on it. The case itself had a bunch of little things like key chains and charm bracelets, all sexually flavored. Looking around, she saw a bunch of shelves of items, sexual in nature. There was a large wall with a bunch of different dildos of every size, shape, and color she could imagine.
Turning, she felt Don beside her and reached out, grasping his hand. For the next thirty minutes or so, the two walked around, holding hands and looking through the items. She browsed through stacks of dirty movies but didn't look long. Eventually she had a small stack of items that she thought Dexter might like.
"What about lingerie?" Don asked. "Do we need to go to the Mall?"
Jessie smiled. "They've got some in that other room," she said, pointing to a hallway. There was a smaller room with clothing racks holding some decidedly racy lingerie.
He chuckled. "You can go check some of that stuff out if you like," he said. She giggled and pulled, dragging him toward the door to the lingerie room, pausing at the front counter and looking at the guy standing behind it.
"Can you hold that stuff for me, sir?" she asked, smiling sweetly. He nodded, grinning.
They entered the room and she smiled. "This is the kind of stuff I like," she said. They spent about ten minutes browsing before she'd picked some out. "Too bad they don't have a changing room, or I'd try some on for you."
Don chuckled.
"Wait," she said, grabbing his hand and walking back up to the counter. "Hi, I'm Jessie," she said, smiling sweetly at the young man. He was handsome and looked about her age. He had a name tag on that read, Steve.
"Steve," he said, smiling widely at her.
"I'm going to be buying all of this stuff," she said, "but I also want to try on these and make sure they fit."
Steve nodded. "We usually just let people use the video booths down the back hall."
She smiled and looked at where he had nodded. There was another hallway that she had thought just led to the storage area. Smiling, she winked and took the clothes, pulling Don with her. Walking down the hallway, she looked in the booths that were open and saw a video screen and a chair, along with a roll of papers towels and a trashcan. She giggled, walking down the hall and looking in the others. Only one seemed to be in use, and she went back to the first one.
Stepping in, she closed the door and stripped down to nothing but her shoes. Slipping the first set of lingerie on, she stepped out and smiled when she saw Don's wide grin.
"Wow," he said.
She looked down. It was red and lacy and had a lot of straps. Her nipples weren't visible through the fabric, and she liked the way the panties were separate but looked like they were attached to the garter belt. Grinning, she turned, seeing Steve coming.
"What do you think?" she asked.
He smiled and nodded. "Super hot!"
She grinned and spun, hopping back in the booth to change again. She came back out in a white number that you could see her nipples through. It was a little easier to get in to and she liked the feel of the fabric. Smiling, she smoothed it out and looked at Don. He had an obvious erection but was trying to hide it. Turning, she saw Steve still standing around, pretending he was working. She giggled.
"I'm an exhibitionist, Steve, sweetheart. You can look all you want." She grinned and waved him over.
She modeled the outfit for the young man as he came over, spinning around for him and playfully bending over.
Don chuckled and nodded toward the video booth. "You've still got one more to try on, Spitfire."
"Oh yeah, thanks Papa!" she said, winking at him.
Turning, she pulled the other one on. It was a naughty black number that had open cupped breasts and was crotch-less. Giggling, she opened the door and stepped out, both men smiling widely. Steve's eyes were devouring her, as were Don's. He smiled and shook his head, gesturing toward the booth again.
"We better get going," he prompted. She smiled and nodded. Turning, she went back in and noticed something that she hadn't before. There was a small sliding panel in the wall to the booth next door. After she got her clothes on, she opened it and saw a small hole. Curiously, she looked through and saw just another wooden panel on the other side. She stood up and looked out, seeing Steve still hanging around.
"Steve, honey," she said. "What's this for?"
He looked in and saw what she was pointing at, as did Don, who laughed.
"Seriously?" Steve asked.
She continued to look at him questioningly.
"It's a glory hole," he replied.
She turned to look at Don and asked him, "What's that?"
He chuckled.
"Here," Steve said, moving into the booth she was just in. He moved over and stuck his crotch up against the hole.
Jessie grinned and moved to the one beside it, stepping in. She giggled and moved the panel, seeing Steve's blue jeans.
"So, guys just stick their dicks in?" she asked.
Don chuckled, taking the opportunity to step into the third booth.
"No, the girl or guy will usually open the panel and stick a finger through like this," Steve explained. She saw his finger extend and then wiggled back toward him in a "Come here" motion. "Then, if you were the guy, you'd stick your dick through if you wanted a blowjob."
"Oh!" Jessie said. "Oh, how fun! She turned and slid Don's panel to the side but saw that he hadn't slid his. "Open yours up, Don!" she said. He did so and she giggled, seeing his face on the other side.
"Ideally, it's a woman doing the sucking," Steve said. "You really never can tell though, but I guess that's part of the excitement."
Feeling playful, she stuck her finger through Don's glory hole and he laughed. "Come on," she said, waiting. "I wiggled my finger now you have to stick something through! You aren't doing it right."
She turned and saw Steve had stuck his dick through without hesitation but had apparently gotten nervous or shy and had retracted it. "Steve!" she whispered after dropping down to put her face near the hole. "I didn't wiggle my finger! You better hope Don doesn't catch you!" She was greeted with the tip of a penis making its way through the hole again, and she giggled.
"What's that?" Don asked.
She turned. "I'm just waiting on you to do it right! It's just flirting Don!"
He didn't relent though, and she could see him pacing back and forth, obviously having some kind of internal argument. "It's only a game Don!"
"I shouldn't," he said quietly. "This just... just feels wrong," he said.
"Okay," Jessie said, leaning over and pouting at the edge of the hole. "I'll behave."
Turning, she looked at Steve's cock. It was definitely smaller than Don's and Dex's, but as she'd told people before, she'd never met a cock she didn't like. Reaching up, she grasped him with her hand and started stroking. Turning, she wiggled her finger through Don's hole again, but all he did was grasp it and squeeze. She heard him say something but couldn't quite understand.
She didn't want to forget about Steve though, and spit in her hand after a few seconds before returning to stroke his cock. He certainly didn't last long and started cumming pretty quickly. He grunted as a stream shot out and landed on the floor near her.
She giggled, letting his cock go and turning to face Don's hole completely. "Last chance, Papa!" she said, practically putting her lips through the hole. She heard him groan, but then heard him turn and open the door on his side.
She frowned, stood, and left the tiny room, glancing left and seeing Don, and then right to see that Steve was behind the counter again. She winked and put a finger to her lips before Don noticed, and then walked up to the counter.
"Don't tell Don," she whispered as he came up behind her.
Steve smiled and tried his best to look bored.
Jessie giggled, seeing Don finally come up behind her, smiling and trying to hide his erection. He pulled out his wallet and handed Steve his credit card.
"It's on me," he said.
Jessie shook her head. "Don, I didn't mean for you to pay for all this!"
He chuckled. "Nonsense. I'm happy to."
Don and Jessie quickly finished the transaction and Steve put their stuff into a couple of big bags.
"Bye Steve!" she said, waving playfully. She practically skipped on her way back to Don's truck, she was so happy. "I mean it, Don. You didn't have to pay for all of that."
He chuckled and lifted his arm for her to lay on as she scooted over next to him. "You've not only brought happiness to my son, but you've brought happiness to me and have improved both of our lives so much. I'm still not even close to being even with you."
She smiled, then turned and kissed him on the cheek. "That's very sweet, Papa," she said. "I just really wish that you would have played that glory hole thing with me!" she added.
He smiled. "That's probably not appropriate," he said. "I'm twice your age, and you're dating my son. I shouldn't have done any of the inappropriate things I've done with you since my son introduced you. I'm surprised he's still talking to me."
She giggled. "Oh, Don, you're so silly! You saw him at the pool over the weekend. You know he was watching us flirting from his window, right? He saw us and came and fucked my brains out. He didn't look angry to me!"
Don nodded, chuckling. "No, I guess you're right about that. Still, it was inappropriate of me to do that. I had to leave; I felt like a third wheel."
She giggled. "We've got to work on your shyness and this guilt you have," she said. "You're never going to get to have any fun with me and my friends if you're so uptight!" She smiled and leaned into him, sighing happily. "Oh, did you ever message that lady?" she asked, looking up at him.
He smiled. "We've been talking a bit, here and there."
Jessie clapped excitedly. "Oh, how fun!" she said. "When are you guys gonna go on a date? I wanna make sure both of my guys are getting some action!"
Don smirked and shook his head, then shrugged. "We're just feeling each other out right now," he said. "She's been pretty honest with me and said that she's talking to another potential match right now, so I'm being patient."
"Well," Jessie said, smiling at him. "If you need to jerk off again and want someone cute to look at, you know where to find me!"
Don shook his head, sighing. "You're not going to stop until you give me a heart attack, are you?"
Jessie giggled. "You're so funny Don."
After making him stop and let her hop out and get wrapping paper, gift bags, and tissue paper, they continued home and brought all the goodies inside. Don quickly excused himself from her presence and retreated to the relative safety of his room.
Smirking to herself, she shook her head.
"He really just needs to relax! It's not like he even touched me or tried to have sex with me! Why would Dexter be upset about that? All he did so far was jerk off near me and jerk off on me!"she thought, shaking her head. As she sat there thinking about Don and his silliness, she began separating out the gifts and looking through them.
"I mean, John has been known to push the boundaries with his flirting while I make breakfast, but it's not like I'm cheating on Dex. It's not like that's a big deal!"she thought. Jessie knew that some people had hang-ups about that type of thing, but that's what she loved about Dexter. He knew that cheating involved having sex with someone and that meant intercourse. Little bitty accidental penetration didn't count, either. Why would it?
Dexter had been there when she gave John a blowjob, but she didn't consider that sex. It was a blowjob, for Pete's sake! He'd obviously been fine with that and he didn't even like John all that much. Not to mention, the entire train of thought that was careening through her head was due to Don being stubborn old goat! Why would Dex ever get upset at her being flirty and taking care of his old man?
She growled in audible frustration, then realized that all her thoughts were serving to get her irritated. She glanced at her phone, wondering why Dex hadn't made it home. She shrugged, figuring that he'd had to work late.
Looking back at the gifts she'd finished organizing, she spent the next twenty minutes wrapping and getting them nice looking before she went and looked for Don. He was at his computer desk, working when he called her in.
She smiled and poked her head in. "Got somewhere I can hide these?" she asked.
He looked up and smiled, then nodded. "We can put them in my closet," he suggested. "Will that work?
She grinned and nodded back. Turning, he walked across the room and opened his closet door, then walked to the end and stopped as she followed behind.
He moved a box over and reached for one of her packages, pushing them up on a shelf and then adding the rest. After they'd finished, she smiled and thanked him, moving close and looking straight up from in front of where he was standing.
Feeling flirty, she stood there looking up at him as he started to move toward the door, and she had a momentary impulse to give him a nice, flirty kiss, but the moment passed and he left the closet. Still, she wasn't about to let him get away without a proper thank you, so she followed him as he went back to his desk. He'd obviously not expected her to be right there when he sat down, and he pulled his head back in surprise, then laughed.
Without warning, she slid into his lap, her legs straddling his and her arms going around his neck. Grinning, she leaned in and tried to kiss him on the lips, but he held her back with his hand against her collar bone.
Smirking, she sighed and leaned over, kissing his neck where she could get to it. He sighed softly, and she felt the telltale signs of his growing erection. Grinning wildly, she looked up at his face and then gestured downward with her eyes. He gave her a look of mild irritation.
Giggling, she pushed his hand down to her left breast, which he quickly retracted and gave her the opening she needed. Quickly leaning in, she finally achieved her goal and kissed him on the lips, drawing a soft sigh of appreciation. Pulling back after a second, she saw that he had his eyes closed and looked like he was stuck in that position. Giggling, she slid from his lap and started toward the door.
"That was just a thank you for helping me out," she said. "You know, since you wouldn't play that flirting game with me."
Don sighed, long and low and shook his head.
"Tell Dex to call me," she said, winking at him as she spun and bounded down the stairs. Grabbing her things, she hopped into her car, and drove home.
*****
Dexter
After working late to finish up one last ticket, Dex finally pulled into his house and checked his phone. There weren't any messages, so he quickly called Jessie and talked to her for a few minutes. She told him about her day and how boring work was, and that she and his dad had gone out birthday gift shopping, but he was really awful at flirting and she was going to have to get him to work on that.
Dexter felt better hearing her voice and couldn't help but smile as he walked into the house. She told him that she'd love to see him tonight but understood if he wasn't up for it.
"Honestly sugar, it's been a hell of a day and I think I'll just relax here if that's okay," he replied.
"Of course it is!" she said. "I know I'll see you again soon."
He smiled. "I love you, you know."
She giggled into the phone. "You're damn right you do! And I love you!"
He blew a kiss into the phone and said his goodbyes, promising to come see her tomorrow. A few more words were exchanged along with half a dozen more "I Love Yous" and then they finally hung up their phones.
Heading inside, he went and took a shower after work and spoke with his dad. Spending most of the rest of the evening on the couch, he was just about to turn in for the night around 9:30, when he got a text.
"Hey Dex," it said. It was from Nicole.
He sighed. Part of him knew it was a bad idea to respond, but she worked with him. He definitely didn't want to rock the boat there, especially since her husband was his boss. Still, another part of him wanted to reply because it felt good to be desired by this woman that seemed off limits. He knew it wouldn't ever go anywhere, of course. He didn't want it to; he had Jessie!
Still, there was something alluring and exciting about Nicole and Vicky. The former seemed almost playful around him now, and the latter's ridiculous reactions to the size of his dick were odd, hilarious, and arousing all at the same time.
Still, he felt like he'd already crossed a few lines with his beloved. She thought it was all hilarious, and he knew that she had different definitions about what was acceptable and what was unacceptable.
He sighed. Her version of flirting was way different than other people's.
He picked up his phone again and looked down. Another text message popped up, and then several more. He looked down and saw pictures.
The first was of Nicole and Vicky both, holding up a handwritten sign. It said: "We're sorry," and they both had exaggerated frowns. He smirked and scrolled down. The next was the same but with a different message. It said: "If we promise..." He scrolled to the next. "To behave..." He sighed, sensing what they were getting at.
The whole message, spelled out over the photos was: "If we promise to behave, will you please, please, please, come over and have a drink with us? We won't touch it or anything."
The last photo was of the two girls trying as best as they could to look adorable and pout. It was working, though, as he tried to think of reasons not to go. There were obvious ones, but he wasn't really listening to them.
"Promise me that you won't touch me?" he asked.
"Promise!" Nicole sent.
He smiled. By his girlfriend's definition, if you don't touch someone, it can't possibly be crossing the line.
"This isn't a mistake or anything," he said, sighing and standing up.
"Address?" he sent. "And I mean it. BEHAVE."
The address showed up surprisingly fast, and he got dressed quickly. Electing for some jeans and a decent looking shirt, he finished and even gave his hair a comb through. The house wasn't too far away, and he got there pretty quick.
Still feeling like he was doing something wrong, he followed her directions and pulled around to the garage in the back. Hopping out, he saw her peek out through a patio window and then wave him through the side gate.
He stepped through, the light of the house pouring through the windows lighting his way and stepped up to the patio door as she opened it.
He smiled, looking around as she greeted him warmly, immediately offering him a drink.
"Come on in!" she said. "You want a drink? Beer, wine?"
He smiled and declined. "This is a great place," he said. "Chase must do alright."
She grinned. "We both do pretty good," she said. He looked around, not seeing Vicky.
"Vicky couldn't make it?" he asked.
Nicole grinned and shrugged. "She's here somewhere," she said smiling wryly.
Dex suddenly felt like he was going to be attacked out of nowhere and looked around.
Nicole giggled as she watched him. "She's upstairs Mr. Paranoid."
Dex relaxed then, smiling at his own antics. "So, what did you need?" he asked, eager to get to the point so he could stop feeling so guilty about even being there.
"What makes you think I didn't just want the pleasure of your company?" she asked, leaning against the wall. He assumed she was trying to look sexy, but she was obviously pretty well-oiled by that point in the evening, and almost fell over.
He quickly went over and grabbed her as she slid over, helping her back up and then backing away as she slapped his hand. "Hey now, you said no touching."
He shook his head, not wanting to argue the point.
"Come on," she said, turning and walking upstairs and then down a long hallway. He couldn't help but notice the way her ass was bouncing as he followed her, and she must have felt him looking as she turned around and grinned at him.
"Just keep following the bouncing butt," she said, laughing at her own joke.
He smirked, shaking his head.
They went down the hallway, past several rooms and then finally to Nicole and Chase's bedroom.
Feeling like he shouldn't be there, Dexter hesitated right outside the door and had to be pulled in.
The first thing he saw had him very confused. Vicky was tied to a chair, but not with rope. They'd used a myriad of ties that Chase apparently owned and had her looking pretty secure.
"What... the hell..." he said, raising an eyebrow.
Vicky giggled and playfully tried to lean forward and bite him as if she were rabid or a dog or something. She giggled, as did Nicole. The two women recovered and looked over at him.
"You said no touching, and she obviously can't control her fuckin' self," Nicole said.
Dex was at a loss for words. On one hand, Vicky's incredible body, though still covered by clothes, was accentuated in all the right places as the ties crisscrossed her form. Even her small breasts, outlined by several ties, were taut and firm looking; her nipples, hard nubs. On the other, this was pretty damned weird and not what he'd expected when he came over.
He swallowed hard and backed up, hitting a dresser behind him and causing the girls to giggle.
"So..." he said, sliding his hands into his pockets.
Vicky's eyes had locked onto his crotch by that point and didn't seem to be leaving. He sighed, feeling strangely empowered and confident, yet still feeling nervous.
"So..." Nicole said, striding forward. She started to drop to her knees in front of him, causing his eyes to go wide. She burst out laughing, as did Vicky, and the two couldn't stop for at least another minute.
Finally, they managed to gather themselves together, though Nicole looked a little worse for wear than Vicky did.
"Look, Dexter," Vicky said, still eyeing his crotch. "It's probably no secret that you're bigger than our husbands. In fact, I'm willing to bet that if you put their dicks like... end to end..." she said, pointing her fingers at each other, "that you'd still be bigger."
"Yeah," Nicole agreed. "Chase is so fuckin' small," she whined. "I mean... come on, I love the guy but... FUCK! I can only use that fuckin' dildo so much."
Dex was blown away by the revelation and knew that he'd never look at his weasel of a boss the same way. He covered the thoughts well, though not reacting facially and leaning back on the dresser.
"Shush Nicole," Vicky said. "I love my husband, as does Nicole. We're not looking to cheat on them."
"Speak for yourself!" her friend said, giggling.
"Nicole!" Vicky barked.
Nicole's eyes went exaggeratedly wide and she made mocking mouth movements and crossed her eyes at Vicky, causing herself to laugh again. Vicky ignored her and continued.
"Like I said, I love my husband and I'm not trying to cheat on him," she said, her eyes finally moving up to lock with his. "He's... he's not big," she said. "I used to have a boyfriend in college that had a very large penis. He was probably about the same size as you are. Now don't tell anyone about this, but the two of us have been having to use dildos and vibrators to get ourselves off. All we want is to watch you cum, just one time."
Dex raised an eyebrow. "Really?" he asked.
She nodded. "God," she said, closing her eyes. "I can still see that fuckin' beast in my mind." Opening her eyes, she looked back up at him. "All I want is to watch you stroke it, and make yourself cum."
He was surprised but continued to listen.
"After that, you can leave and we will do our best to leave you alone at work. Right Nicole?" she asked turning and looking at her friend.
"Right!" she said, sliding onto the bed, Vicky in the chair beside it.
He sighed, still not sure about any of this.
"You want me to rub one out and you're just going to watch?" he asked.
Vicky shrugged. "If I can reach certain things, I'm going to play with myself too," she said. "I'm not sure what drunk-ass over there is going to do."
Dex nodded. "Okay," he said. "Give me a second to think. This is an odd request."
She smiled and nodded. "Still though, you thought we were going to try and seduce you when you came over, didn't you?"
He smirked and nodded. "Yeah, I guess I did. I was going to tell you guys no though. I just felt like I had to be here to avoid any issues at work. I mean, y'all have me in a precarious position."
Vicky nodded. "I know, and I'm sorry about that. I've got a high sex drive and I haven't had an orgasm from a real dick since college. I adore my husband, and he tries so hard, but cunnilingus just doesn't cut it for me. I can't cum like that."
"I can!" Nicole said, unhelpfully. "But Chase doesn't like it, the fucker."
Vicky giggled and shook her head. "Nicole, come over here and pull my blouse up."
It took a second, but the drunk girl managed to slide off the bed and haphazardly work Vicky's blouse up over her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra, and Dexter smiled, despite his best effort to remain aloof.
"I know they aren't much to look at, but I figured that fair is fair," she said. He looked down as she spread her legs, revealing that she wasn't wearing any panties.
He groaned, seeing a shiny glint of wetness sliding from between the lips of her pussy. She looked over at Nicole and then gestured with one hand. Her friend quickly went over and untied it enough for her to get it over to her crotch, and Dex watched as she began to rub at it, gently massaging her clit.
"Please," Vicky said.
Dexter sighed, and looked around. Seeing a chair near him, he pulled it over and sat down relatively close to the two of them. He looked over, seeing lots of movement from Nicole, and saw that she'd stripped down to her panties, which she was in the process of losing.
His eyes wide, he shook his head and looked back at Vicky, who grinned and shrugged at him, rolling her eyes.
Standing back up, he undid his pants and slid them down, along with his underwear. Keeping them down at his knees should he need to yank them up quickly to make a fast getaway, he got comfortable in the chair again and started to stroke. Bringing his hand up, he started to spit in it, but Vicky told him, "Wait!"
He looked at her curiously.
"Let me see your hand," she said.
He lifted it and held it in front of her, his eyebrow raised in confusion.
"No, goober, I mean bring it here," she clarified. "I'm going to lick it."
He dropped his hand, looking at her like she was crazy. "What?" he asked.
She sighed. "You need lube, and I think it'll be kinky if you use my spit. It'll be like I'm sucking your dick." He shrugged, liking the kinkiness of the idea, and held his hand up, warily trying to stay far enough away from her hands as he could.
She grinned and leaned forward, taking his finger into her mouth. He groaned, not really registering that she wasn't licking his hand and was sucking on a finger instead.
She giggled and then moved around, her soft tongue wetting his palm in several spots.
"There, now get strokin'," she said, smiling and resuming strumming her pussy.
He sat back, feeling very odd about the whole affair, and grabbed his semi-erect cock. Gently, he stroked until he could feel it moving upward. He saw Nicole on the bed, a purple dildo in her hand as she gently slid it in and out of herself. She groaned audibly, seeing him swelling to his full size.
"Fuck," Vicky said, eyeing the shaft again. It seemed like her weird fascination was back. She strained forward against the ties, but apparently Nicole was pretty decent at tying knots when she was drunk, and she stayed securely in her chair. She whimpered in annoyance but went back to rubbing herself.
Dexter focused, thinking about Jessie, picturing her kneeling between Donna's legs, and then changing Donna with Vicky. He groaned with pleasure, seeing this gorgeous blonde and brunette that he worked with madly fucking themselves. He lifted his hand again, ready to lick or spit on it, and Vicky stopped him again. She ran the flat of her palm down her pussy, and then shoved several fingers in, wriggling them around until they came out shiny and glistening.
"Here, quickly," she said, reaching out.
He smirked, but didn't hesitate, reaching in front of him and letting her rub her juices all over his hand. Groaning, she sat back and furiously scrubbed her fingers against her pussy, drawing his eyes downward.
"Yes, look at my pussy baby," she said. "Think about that big fuckin' dick sliding in it."
Dexter grunted, doing just that as he started to stroke his shaft again, his hand quickly coating his cock with Vicky's pussy slime. She whimpered, seeing him do just that, and worked hard against herself.
Dexter looked over, seeing Nicole laying on her side, one leg up in the air and her arm behind her, forcing the purple dildo in and out at a swift pace. She brought it out as he watched and plunged it into her mouth a few times before she went back to fucking herself with it.
Weirded out as much he was, he was still able to get himself close. Quickly stripping off his shirt, he caused them both to groan and whimper in appreciation, both of their eyes briefly dancing across his chest. He smiled, feeling even more manly, and sped up his stroke.
"Fucking cum all over the place," Nicole was saying.
Vicky was moaning lowly, her hand still furiously rubbing. It looked like it might hurt, but as he watched, she licked her fingers again while he was stroking. She whimpered, her face changing to look like she was almost afraid or in pain, and then gasped, her eyes locking down on his shaft.
He grunted, feeling his orgasm peak, and then stroked, flexing his thighs as a burst of cum shot from the end of his cock and landed across his stomach. Groaning, he stared straight ahead and into Vicky's eyes as she practically screamed out in pleasure at the intensity of her orgasm.
Grunting, he looked over and saw Nicole in the midst of her own orgasm, grinding the dildo deeply into herself again and again.
Whimpering, Vicky finally slowed, collapsing against the chair as Dexter stroked out the last of his cum. Grunting as a pleasurable shiver coursed through him, he laid there panting for a minute as the two women recovered.
Sighing, he started to stand and get up to get clean, but Nicole, the orgasm apparently having cleared her mind a bit, stood and told him to sit back down.
"I don't want you getting cum all over the place," she said. "Just give me a second."
Vicky was still panting, her small but gorgeous breasts rising with her labored breaths. She continued to stare at the shaft, still hard from the excitement, and coated with streams of cum and glistening with what remained of her pussy juices.
Nicole disappeared into the bathroom and re-emerged with a robe on. She went over to Dexter and handed him a towel, but Vicky stopped him with a whimper. "Just let me look at it a little more," she said. "Please."
He shrugged sitting back down as Nicole moved over, rolling her eyes behind Vicky's head and starting to untie the ties. It didn't register with Dexter until Vicky was freed, and she quickly slid out of her chair as he stood up and moved.
Quickly, she leaned in and licked up his shaft, groaning as she looked up and swallowed a small bit of cum. Dancing to the side, he got out of her way, but she only stopped when Nicole grabbed her.
"Vicky, we promised!" she said. "You can't!"
Vicky whimpered. "I don't fucking care," she said, her eyes rimmed with tears. "I fucking want it. It's not fair."
Dexter didn't know what the hell to do. He was stuck in a corner and had the two of them between him and the door. He looked over at Nicole questioningly, but she was still focusing on holding Vicky back.
Finally, Nicole simply gave up, and Vicky practically tackled Dexter as he turned to the side to cover up his junk. In a pile on the ground, he tried stand to get the surprisingly strong woman off him. He felt her tongue trying to get at the remnants of his cum, but she was licking his side at the moment.
His protests fell on deaf ears as Nicole went into the bathroom, shaking her head.
Finally, she managed to get him over to his back where he gently tried to push her off, repeatedly saying her name.
"Please don't push me away!" she said, tears in her eyes.
Shocked, he let go, afraid that he'd hurt her. She immediately leaned in, her hand sliding around his cock and her mouth sliding over it.
"God, you're still hard," she whimpered.
Dexter groaned, worried that if he pushed her off she'd get upset, but also enjoying the warmth of her soft but enthusiastic mouth on the head of his cock. Then, surprisingly he felt cold air. Looking down, he saw that she was licking her fingers before she slid back down, her tongue running up the shaft where she saw cum, then moving on to his stomach and chest.
"I shouldn't be doing this... I shouldn't be doing this...,"he thought repeatedly.
He groaned, enjoying the attention that she was giving him but knowing that he was most definitely crossing the line.
"Vicky," he said. "Your husband wouldn't appreciate this."
That finally got her attention, but only for a second, her hands coming up and covering her mouth, but she must have tasted some remnants of his cum on them as she started to slurp and lick at her own fingers. Still, he couldn't move with her laying on his legs without fear of her getting upset or yelling at him again. This woman was above him in the hierarchy at work and could definitely ruin his life.
"Vicky," he said.
"No!" she said, shaking her head. "You aren't going to deny me this."
He watched her warily, her tongue moving over his chest and stomach, getting all the leftover semen that it could. She went back and sucked on the tip of his cock some more, her tongue poking at the hole as her hands squeezed up and down his shaft, trying to milk more out. He didn't think anymore came out, but she kept at it for a good two minutes.
His cock certainly didn't mind the attention, and she wasn't slowing down her manipulation of his confused organ. Sensing that she was done, he looked over and saw Nicole sitting on the bed, filing her nails and watching the two of them, almost bored.
"Thanks for the help," Dexter said.
She snickered. "Like you mind this at all," she said.
He sighed and shook his head. "It's not right," he clarified. "Yes, it feels good, but that doesn't mean it should have happened."
Nicole giggled, still watching. "She's half your size! You can get her off of you."
He sighed. "Yeah, and then she gets upset when I try that. I can't risk losing my job!"
Nicole's face scrunched up in confusion. "Dexter, we're not trying to force you to stay," she said. "We're not going to go rat you out. If anything, she and I would be the ones that got in trouble. It's all supposed to be just good, harmless fun!"
He sighed, thoroughly unconvinced.
Vicky finally seemed to be satisfied that she'd gotten him completely clean, though now he felt like there was a film on him from all of her hurried licking. She lifted herself up, and he started to follow, but she shook her head and pointed at him.
"You promised!" she said.
He looked at her, confused. "What?" he asked. "When did I promise something, and what did I promise?"
She didn't answer but moved upward on her knees to straddle his waist.
He shook his head and pushed gently at her shoulders.
"Vicky, don't do this," he said. "You're married, remember?" he asked. Glancing over, he saw Nicole had stopped watching. "Nicole, help me!" he snapped.
She looked up lazily and then saw what Vicky was about to do and jumped up.
The wanton little thing had gotten in position and was starting to rub the head of his cock across her pussy. Dexter groaned, thoroughly enjoying the feeling and wanting to make her get up at the same time. He felt her push downward and the head of his cock broke through the barrier, sliding halfway down before she was yanked up by the taller Nicole.
"VICTORIA MARIE PERKINS," Nicole shouted, shocking Dexter. "WHAT THE HELL?"
Dexter looked up and saw Nicole push Vicky against the wall, holding her there by her shoulders.
The short-haired blonde whimpered and then fell forward, holding on to Nicole and sobbing.
Dexter stood quickly and yanked his pants and boxers up, grabbing his things and getting put back together out in the hall. He started to head downstairs, but he was surprised when Vicky and Nicole came out a minute after he left, both looking a little more in control.
"I'm... I'm sorry," Vicky said, not looking up at him. "There's something wrong with me. Like... something real. I'm going to try to explain it to you sometime. You'll understand everything, I promise. Tomorrow night, my husband and I will take you to dinner and we'll talk it out. Okay?"
Dexter was shaking his head. "Your husband?" he asked. "Are you insane?"
She sighed. "Just... just trust me... please? You can bring your girlfriend and I'll tell her everything was my fault. We asked you to come over for something for work, right Nicole?"
Nicole nodded. "Yep! It was just a work related visit and things got really out of control. You were afraid to hurt Vicky since she's so much smaller than you, and she pushed things way too far."
Dexter didn't think that story would fly, but he didn't see any other recourse, especially if they were adamant about telling Vicky's husband.
"I just...," he said.
"Trust me," Nicole said. "This is for the best."
Sighing, he nodded, but then stopped. "You're not telling Chase, are you?"
"What?" Nicole asked, causing Vicky to smirk. "Are you fucking nuts? He'd lose his shit and probably like... walk off a building or something. Hell no, I'm not telling that idiot."
Dexter felt a little better and finally agreed. "I'll talk to Jessie though," he said. "I'm not going to be able to live with the version of events that you gave."
"That's your choice," Nicole said. "For what it's worth though, we both really enjoyed the show."
Dexter would normally be flattered, if this were anywhere near something normal for him, but he just shook his head.
"I mean it," Vicky said, daring to come over and look up at him. "I'm so very sorry, Dex. I really, really am."
He nodded, patting her on the shoulder. She took that to mean it was hug time and leaned into him. He hesitated for a second, but then felt that it was safe enough and gently squeezed her.
"Bye," she said, turning and heading for Nicole's bedroom, "and thank you for giving me a chance to explain."
He nodded and then turned as she disappeared, Nicole padding down the stair behind him.
"Sorry about all that," she said, sighing. "She... she'll have to explain everything, but it will make sense, I promise."
Dexter nodded, still feeling like everything had gone crazy.
"You didn't do anything wrong," Nicole assured him. "I promise."
He nodded again, heading for the patio door. He stopped, seeing her come toward him, probably to lock up. "I just... I didn't expect it to get that intense. I figured y'all wanted to like... see my junk again."
She smiled. "Oh, we definitely did, Dexy."
He winced and looked back at her. "Dexy?"
"Sexy Dexy!" she said, laughing. "Keep that dick hard, sugar. See you tomorrow." Leaning in, she kissed him on the cheek and turned wiggling her butt at him as she walked toward the stairs.
"Don't you want to lock this?" he asked, watching her go.
"Nah, let a burglar come in and fuck me," she said, grinning. "Vicky's still got to leave," she said. "I'll get it in a bit. Night sexy."
Dexter shook his head, sighing deeply. He looked at his phone and was surprised that it was only 10:30. Jessie usually didn't go to sleep until 11:30 or 12, so he knew that she'd be up. He texted, but received no reply, then called to make sure. He checked the time again and knew for a fact that Jessie didn't go to bed this early unless they'd been having a marathon sex session. Quickly making up his mind, he hopped in his truck and took off, heading toward her apartment.
A few minutes later, he pulled in and quietly went up the stairs. Fear and shame gripped him for what he'd let happen, and he dreaded what was to come. He prayed that he didn't lose this precious thing that he'd found.
Walking quietly up to the door, he knocked but no one answered. He heard music playing inside, so he listened quietly and heard a low, but still audible, moan. "Donna," he said, sighing. Jessie must be asleep or listening to music or something. Still, talking to Donna might be a good idea, since she'd be able to give him a good idea of how Jessie would react.
He reached down and tried the door handle, and to his surprise it turned and the door swung open.
No one was in the living room, and the TV was off, so he shut the door and locked it behind him, briefly rolling his eyes at their carelessness. Low moans were coming from Jessie's room, but he recognized it as Donna's voice.
Wondering what the heck Donna was doing masturbating in Jessie's room and also where the hell his girlfriend was, Dexter quietly walked down the hall and listened. Donna's moans and the sounds of her wetly fingering herself could distinctly be heard. He chuckled and opened the door widely.
Spread eagle on the bed, Donna was groaning in pleasure, a pillow over her face as his girlfriend voraciously went down on her.
"What the fuck?" he asked, drawing both of the girls from their fun and causing them both to scramble up in alarm.
"What the fuck Dexter!" Donna yelled.
"Baby!" Jessie said, smiling after she recovered. Bouncing over, she leapt into his arms, naked as she could be.
"I'm sorry but I called and texted but you didn't respond," he said between her hurried kisses. She stopped and looked around for the phone, but then giggled.
"Well, you see, Donna and I were sitting watching TV when she just stood up and came over to where I was and started licking my pussy, so naturally, I let her. After she ate my pussy for awhile, and she ate it so... so fucking good baby, she stood up again and basically dragged me to the bedroom and made me eat her pussy too." Jessie frowned playfully as she finished, returning to kissing him. "I'll bet you can taste her pussy on my lips, huh?" she asked.
Dexter couldn't help but notice that he could taste Donna's flavor and sighed. "I came over to talk to you," he said. "Can we?"
Jessie nodded, but then squealed in surprise and mild alarm as Donna came over, having recovered from her scare, and pulled her back down to the bed.
"Talk while she finishes licking my pussy," Donna said, pulling a mildly protesting Jessie with her.
He sighed. "This is serious," he said, slightly irritated.
Donna rolled her eyes. "You barged in here, Dex. She's not done."
He sighed and moved to lift her out of the bed, but Donna shook her head. "Un uh," she said. "Pull your dick out and let me suck that bad boy or start fucking her. Either way, she's finishing me off."
Jessie wasn't protesting, and had in fact, gone back down to resume her voracious licking of her roommate's, admittedly, delicious looking pussy.
Dex sighed. He absolutely had to get this off his chest, so he decided that it was now or never.
"I have to tell you something," he said. "Something serious."
Jessie giggled and stopped, drawing a playful slap from Donna across her face. "Ouch!" she said. "Did those two harlots from work corner you and suck your dick baby?" she asked.
"What?" he asked, watching her giggle and resume licking. Donna groaned but looked over. "Ooo, are you getting to fuck someone at your job?" she asked. "Lucky girl. You should bring her over and we can all three wear her out here."
Jessie looked up and nodded, grinning at him. "That's a great idea baby! You can bring what's her name here and we can all fuck her!"
Dexter sighed. This was clearly not going like he'd planned, and these two were just not taking it seriously.
"Will you please try to listen if you're not going to stop," he said, slightly irritated.
Donna giggled and leaned over to where he was sitting, her hands going to his pants and trying to undo them. He swatted her away.
"Sorry baby," Jessie said, looking up. "What's up?" Donna slapped her again, drawing a giggled "Ouch!" and Jessie's face returning to her sopping wet pussy.
"Keep eating you little tramp," Donna said, grinning. She reached over again and grabbed for his belt.
"It's about those two girls at work, Vicky and Nicole," he said.
"Ooo!" Jessie said, grinning from her perch between Donna's legs. Dexter couldn't help but watch as she licked repeatedly against Donna's quivering mound. Repeatedly giggling echoed from between the dark-haired girl's legs. He saw Donna finally get his belt undone and then felt her yank, trying to pull it off.
"Dick," she said, frowning and pouting at him. "Gimme gimme."
He sighed and pushed her hands away, but she immediately brought them back.
"Nicole called me to her office again, so I went thinking that she wanted to talk about a project I was doing, but Vicky was in there too. They acted pretty weirdly when I got in there though, though; especially Vicky," he said. "At first I honestly thought that it was about work, but when I noticed her there, I figured that it was just them wanting to look at it again."
Jessie giggled yet again, not looking up as Donna leaned over further, struggling to pull at his belt and fight away his hands at the same time.
"Plus," Dexter said, "You said that it was okay if they saw it," he said, looking down. "Right?"
She giggled but shook her head no. Lifting her face slightly, she looked up and said, "No, I said that it was okay if you got head from them! Seeing your dick is like... seriously no big deal."
He sighed, and started to wonder why he was even bothering, continuing to push Donna's hands away as his girlfriend's face dropped back between her thighs.
"Anyway," he said. "I go in and I'm already hard from the tension and excitement of the situation."
"Naturally," Donna said. "Yes!" she exclaimed a second later, holding his belt in her hands. She paused to grab a handful of Jessie's hair and pull her tighter against her pussy for second, causing Jessie to giggle and squeal briefly in protest.
Dex rolled his eyes. "Stop it!" he said, slapping Donna's hands away as she returned to try and get his pants off.
"Finish your sexy story," she said, "and let me have that dick."
He ignored her, looking back at Jessie. This was the weirdest time to have a confession. He finally decided that he'd had enough and sighed, standing.
"No," Jessie said. "I'm listening baby. Please stay!"
He sighed and looked over.
"Come on and sit back down," Jessie said. "Just let Donna suck your beautiful cock while you talk."
He sighed, ignoring Donna's playful grin and outstretched hands. Sitting back down, he didn't fight her off, but didn't help her either, figuring that she'd give up when she couldn't get his pants below his hips without his assistance.
"Fine," he said. "I just wish you were taking this more seriously."
Jessie giggled, but didn't relent on her pussy eating. "Donna is the one forcing me to do this," she said. "You can take it up with her if you want."
Donna was grinning wildly as she scrabbled to get his pants off and said, "Gimme dat dick!"
Pushing her away again, he looked back down and continued. "So anyway, I'm standing there and Vicky just starts trying to get at it like she's... possessed or something. She's yanking on my pants and trying to get in and I'm just like... what the fuck?"
"I know the feeling," Donna quipped, drawing a genuine laugh from Jessie. Giggling, she continued to pull at one side of his pants, finally succeeding in pulling the button entirely off. "Oops," she said, grinning at him.
He rolled his eyes.
"So, Nicole is trying to stop her and throws her back into the chair, and she says, "We're just supposed to try and convince him to come over tonight. So, I leave the office in a hurry, and finish out my work-day."
"Lame," Donna said, pulling at his legs and trying to get his pants down.
"So I go home and I relax and then I get a bunch of texts from them. They apologized and said that they'd behave themselves if I came over and showed them my dick again," he said.
Donna snickered and shook her head. "These two sound pretty desperate for it if they are satisfied by staring at the beast."
"I know, right?" Jessie said, drawing another slap and a finger from Donna pointed back down at her snatch.
He continued to ignore the brunette's yanking of his pants, instead focusing on Jessie's tongue sliding up and down her slit. He sighed, enjoying the sight but being too annoyed with the two of them to try and take advantage, not to mention he was still trying to confess his sins.
"That doesn't sound so bad," Jessie said, giggling and quickly continuing to lick.
Dex ignored her and continued. "I agreed to go over and got dressed. When I got there, Nicole was pretty drunk already, so I went to her bedroom to get the show on the road and show them my junk," he said. Saying it out loud made it sound ridiculously far-fetched and made up. He sighed, knowing there was no going back at this point.
"So when I go in, Vicky is tied to a chair with a bunch of neck ties," he said. Both girls stopped and looked up at him at the same time.
"What?" they asked.
He nodded. "Neckties. I said the same thing and they explained that since I made them promise that they wouldn't touch me, they had to tie her up because she couldn't stand not to."
"YEAH, I KNOW THE FEELING," Donna said loudly, looking up at him as she continued to try and get his pants off.
Jessie giggled and dropped her head back down to continue licking.
"So fucking ANYWAY," Dexter said. "They asked me if I would jerk off for them and said that they promised to leave me alone after that."
"Hot," Donna said. Jessie nodded in agreement, but then was directed back to licking by Donna's hand. "Go on," she said.
He sighed again. "So I agree and I jerk off for them. After cumming all over my damn self from seeing these two women that I work with get themselves off, I tried to get up to clean up and..."
"Slipped and fell in her pussy?" Donna said grinning widely and drawing peals of laughter from Jessie.
Dex sighed, ignoring the two for a minute while they laughed.
"No," he said, tired of waiting for them to stop the giggles. "Nicole had me sit back down and went to get a towel, but then she started to remove Vicky's restraints and the crazy ass basically tackled me and licked me clean!"
Jessie giggled and continued licking, having finally stopped laughing halfway through his last statement.
"So what?" Donna asked. "Even I know that Jessie wouldn't have a problem with that."
"A strange girl that she's never met, licked and sucked my body and my dick clean, and my girlfriend doesn't care?" he asked.
Donna giggled, briefly allowing Jessie to look up. "I care baby," she said. "But I love you and I want you to have a good time. We're not going to be young forever and I know that you aren't going to REALLY cheat on me, right?"
Dexter's heart sank, knowing what he had to tell her next. "When she finished cleaning me up, I was a little woozy and distracted, and I didn't see her moving until it was too late. She moved up and sat down on my dick, taking about half into her."
"Oh, in her ass?" Donna asked, unhelpfully.
He sighed, shaking his head.
Jessie looked up, and then sat up. "Wait," she said. "She sat down on you that quickly? Ouch!"
Dexter was confused.
"I mean, that must have hurt a little," she said. "Did you push her off?"
Dexter shook his head, "No, because I didn't want to hurt her. She's tiny and I didn't want to get fired for like... striking a fellow employee or something. I know how that sounds, but it's the truth. I called Nicole and she came over and basically yelled at the girl and tore into her about having a husband and..."
"Oh, she's married!" Jessie said, looking at Donna and grinning.
Dexter couldn't believe it. "I just... I don't get it."
Jessie turned and looked up at him. "Don't get what?" she asked.
"You aren't mad?" he asked.
She giggled. "If you'd said that you went over and forced yourself on this girl and fucked her raw, then yeah I'd probably be upset."
"Yeah, you shouldn't rape people Dexter, that's what's known as a dick move." Donna said, drawing laughter from Jessie again.
A few long seconds later, Jessie stopped laughing and looked over again, seeing that he was still confused. "If you'd said that she sat down on your cock and you just let her start fucking you, then I'd... probably... be hurt?" she said, sounding like she was asking him instead of telling him.
"Baby," he said. "Why aren't you mad? I cheated on you."
She snickered. "Oh Dexter, no you didn't, stop it."
He frowned. "How is having my dick in some other girl not cheating?"
She giggled. "That's like... one stroke and you said yourself that you didn't want to, and didn't agree to it, and not to mention that someone yanked her off like a second later! You didn't finish in her, right?"
He shook his head. "No, but..."
"And you'd have to like, be there for much longer than a few seconds for it to even be considered actually having sex right?"
"What? I don't..."
He sighed and stopped in mid-sentence, not really believing that he was trying to convince his beloved girlfriend to be angry with him.
"I mean, do you mind me and Donna going down on each other when you aren't here," she asked.
He shook his head. "No, but that's just oral sex."
"Exactly!" she said. "There are differences. When John gets all flirty in the morning, and when he had me suck his cock when you and Donna were fucking your brains out, you didn't get upset."
"Well," Dexter said, "wait, that's just oral, like you just said. This was fucking. And, if you remember, you had to come and talk to me about it."
Jessie sighed. "You weren't in her for very long baby, plus, you came right over here and told me about it! You're really honest with me, and you don't need to be so worried."
Dexter finally nodded. "Okay," he said. "If you're not mad at me, then I guess..."
She grinned. "Good! Now take your pants off and fuck me already!"
Dexter didn't think it was such a good idea before he had a shower. There was something weird about Vicky and he wasn't sure that it wasn't something contagious.
"I think I'm a little too traumatized right now," he said. "I was in knots coming over thinking that I was going to lose you."
Jessie stopped eating Donna out and sat up, then turned and pulled herself up onto his lap and hugged him.
"Baby," she said. "I know that some people have different definitions of cheating. I asked you to be understanding with me, and I'm going to be understanding with you. It wasn't cheating, and I'm confident that if you ever actually do cheat on me, there will be extenuating circumstances and I'll probably understand. I love you, Dexter." She sat back a little and looked directly into his eyes. "I loveyou. You're secure enough in yourself and in us to let me have room to be flirty and affectionate with others, including your own father! What kind of girlfriend would I be if I let something a trivial as this get in the way of how we feel about each other?"
He sighed, pulling her close and hugging her tightly. A minute later, he sat back and shook his head. "I don't deserve you," he said.
"No," she told him immediately. "Don't ever say that. We were meant for each other and nothing is going to change that. Okay?"
He smiled, nodding. "I'm going to marry you someday," he said, smiling.
"You better," she said, kissing him again.
"Oh my God," Donna said, rolling her eyes and falling dramatically to the side.
Jessie smiled curiously. She glanced over at Donna and then looked back at him. "Now, do you wanna absolutely destroy that mouthy little cunt that's been making me eat her pussy all night?"
Dexter grinned. "Goddamn right I do," he said, smiling as they both turned toward the brunette as she looked up from where she'd fallen over dramatically.
A playful smile crept to her face.