Lilith was feeling very, very hot. She was on stage in front of a large crowd, next to her girlfriend, dressed up in a cat costume and being tormented by a vibrator that she couldn't even reach, all while the arousing lotion on her skin made her desperate for any sort of human touch. Her pussy was clearly wet, staining the surgical tape covering her slit, and her hard nipples poked up through the vibrating pasties covering them. She shook her hips a bit, trying to get used to the tail that was stuffed into her ass, but this only made her moan in pleasure.
Isabelle had her hands on Lilith's hips, and was whispering in her ear from behind. "Hey, hey, do you like showing off your lewd body to everyone here? Do you like being forced to moan and stand still while your flesh is aching for release?"
Arrow chuckled. "Well, geez, I feel like such a lazy host. I don't even need to do anything! You sure you don't want to host this show, Isabelle?"
Isabelle shrugged. "This is sort of unusual, actually. I'm usually the submissive one in our relationship. I rarely get to see her acting this shy, nowadays..." She smiled, gently running her hands over Lilith's crotch, touching the surgical tape over her slit lightly.
Lilith gasped. "Ahhhh.... Ah, please, I'm so horny... ahhh, don't look, this is humiliating...!"
Isabelle smiled. "You forgot to saw 'Meow', you naughty little kitty..."
Lilith's eyes widened. "Nyaaaa, please forgive me mistress, meow... Ah, ahhh!" Isabelle kissed Lilith's neck gently, causing her to squirm and go into a sexual frenzy. She pawed at her naked body helplessly, trying to get herself off by fondling her breasts or rubbing her clit, but she couldn't- her padded paws weren't able to caress her body like she wanted, and she couldn't even access her most sensitive part. Horny and unable to cum, Lilith moaned in humiliation and submission.
Isabelle turned to the audience. "Looks like my kitty is in heat... I should teach her how a good kitty behaves. How about I take her on a walk, and you can pet her and play with her as she comes by? Lilith, get on all fours."
Lilith whined a little as she knelt down and put her paws on the floor. Isabelle grabbed a hold of the leash attached to her collar and tugged on it, leading her through the crowded seats. Isabelle could hear the catcalls and whistles of the audience, could feel their hands on her back, her breasts, and she even received a couple of slaps on her tiny, exposed ass. The vibrator in her pussy, being controlled by the VIP audience members, was especially teasing her, stopping every time it looked like she was squirming around. All she could do was mewl helplessly and plead the audience to let her cum.
Soon enough, she came upon a familiar face- Niko was in the audience, fully dressed in a black leather jacket and jeans. She smirked at Lilith. "Well, aren't you a cute little submissive kitty? Do you like being naked in front of an audience, you slut?"
Normally, Lilith would deny this, but because she was so horny, she couldn't help herself. "She blushed. "Ahhh- ahmmmm! Y-yes... um... I like it..."
Niko laughed. "I like seeing YOU have a turn being naked for once. Tell you what- how about I help you cum? Let's go on stage."
Isabelle and Niko led Lilith onstage.
"Spread your legs for the audience," Niko commanded. Lilith reluctantly did as she was told. Even though her slit was covered by tape, she was still embarrassed at showing everyone her private place. She meowed and whimpered in excitement.
"I'm going to rub my foot on your crotch to help you cum, but you have to beg for it, and also admit that you're a naughty, slutty kitty who loves being stepped on by women and teased relentlessly."
Lilith gasped as her vibrator turned on again, causing her to writhe in delight. "I'm... a... mmmm! A huge slutty... k-kitty... I've been vewwy naughty... Nyan...! I love being stepped on by tall, strong women and being forced to edge for hours...! Please let me cum like the slut I am, please, please, please..."
Niko gently began kneading Lilith's mound with her foot, causing her to gasp. Lilith moaned and moved her hips wildly, trying to hump Niko's foot.
Niko lifted her foot. "Bad kitty! Humping people's feet is naughty. I'm not gonna do it if you're gonna squirm around like that- stay still and let me step on you like a good girl, and I'll let you cum."
Lilith nodded. "Y-yes, mistress... Meow..."
Niko continued, causing Lilith to scream out. "Ahhn! Nya! Mmm! Please! J-just... a bit more... mmm... ahhhn... I wanna move my hips, please, oh god...! Ahhh my skin feels itchy, please play with my body..."
Isabelle leaned down and smiled at Lilith. "Your mouth is so dirty... looks like I need to clean it out." She proceeded to make out loudly with Lilith as her mound was stepped on and kneaded by Niko.
She squirmed around a few times, causing the process to be slow and painful as Niko would retreat her foot whenever this happened. Finally, Lilith came. "I'm cumming! Please look at me! Ahhhmmmm! Oh! Oh! Please, nya! Meoooooow! Mmm...!"
Once she stopped bucking her hips, she stood up, embarrassed. "Ah... I still have another week of this...!"
Isabelle laughed. "I'm going to walk you home in public after this. Maybe I'll tie you up in a public space and leave you there, or maybe I'll have you pee outside... hee hee, you'd look sooooo cute desperately trying to hold it in..."
Arrow smiled in approval. Looks like the punishment was going well. They brought out a notepad and started scribbling down ideas for the next season of Strip-Off. The next one would have to be more spectacular than the first...