This is my entry for Literotica's Nude Day 2021 contest - enjoy and please remember to rate it, if you like it! It is a silly ENF story more than a sex story.
"Are you fucking insane," screamed Ivy, "They are next-door neighbors. They will be thinking of me as a Naked Slut."
To understand why she was screaming, let's rewind a couple of minutes.
Dave came chuckling through the front door, which surprised Ivy. He was not keen to help the neighbor carry the treadmill into the house from the curbside delivery. Actually, he was unhappy being sent to NYC but his boss said it would be good for his future prospects.
They had just moved into the quiet cul-de-sac couple of days back. And there were lots of things to do. Their furniture was supposed to arrive tomorrow but Dave would be on the red-eye flight tonight. All they had with them were two suitcases in this house that they just purchased to take advantage of the 'work from home' policies.
"Seems like you like the neighbor. And have imbibed a good quantity of alcohol."
"Oh. Carl is cool and his friend, Bob was there too. He lives next door in the other house on our side. He makes a mean margarita and was telling me of the previous tenants. They loved the wife," replied Dave, still chuckling.
"Only the wife," Ivy said interested in knowing more.
"Ah. That wife used to sunbathe topless in the backyard. It was an awesome experience for them. Every day, they looked forward to it."
"Men! Even in their 60s still horny for some flesh sightings," sighed Ivy.
Dave ignored her sigh. "Yeah. They wanted to know if my wife would continue providing the sights."
"I hope you told them off. All women are not sluts. You did tell them I am an Executive VP in a FinTech company and not some floozy who like to show off her bits in the backyard." Ivy was proud of what she achieved at 32.
Dave shifted his feet. "Yes. They saw you when we moved in. They were concerned that they could not tell how good of a body you had beneath that fancy pantsuit you were wearing. I told them that you had an ass to die for and your 36C tits were topped off with silver dollar areolas and razor-sharp nipples."
"What? Are you crazy?"
"I think I was a bit drunk and we were watching the basketball playoff game and I was distracted. Any way they did not believe me."
"Thank god."
"I told them that Ivy does not do the topless thing."
"Good for you."
Dave continued, "I told them my wife loved to dance in the nude in the backyard since she is a sun worshiper. I asked them if they had any issues with it and they were fine."
A look of horror crossed Ivy's face. "Are you fucking insane," screamed Ivy, "They are next-door neighbors. They will be thinking of me as a Naked Slut."
"It did brighten up their day but they were unsure". Dave shifted his feet like he had something to hide.
"Spill it buster"
Taking a deep breath, Dave continued, "Oh. To make them believe me, I showed them the picture I had taken of you in our apartment before we left."
"Not the ones you forced me to pose naked for you by locking up our suitcases." Ivy looked alarmed.
"Don't worry sweetheart. It was very quick. Just a few seconds on each picture. They now agreed that I was telling the truth but could not decide if your boobs, ass, or pussy was your best feature."
Ivy looked like she would blow the gasket. She remembered the night well. She had come out of the shower in her towel and they were getting ready for bed after finishing off their last bottle of wine in their friend's studio apartment. She was looking for her pajamas when she could not find their suitcases or Dave. A minute later Dave stepped in and told her she was good enough to eat and he had dropped their suitcases with the doorman who locked them up in the lobby.
Ivy had two choices, wear her pantsuit to bed or go to bed naked. Dave and the wine convinced her to do that since they would be alone for the night. Dave had started taking out photos. She agreed after he said he would delete them immediately after they reviewed them.
He started posing her with her back to the camera to focus on her back and butt. Some side boob shots and then went to a full-frontal with her shaved bush on full display. He convinced her for the last shot to squat with her legs apart for a million-dollar money shot as he called it. They reviewed the photos together which turned Ivy into multiple shades of red.
Ivy had to admit the shots were erotic and beautifully posed. She liked the one where he had shot her from behind looking at a mirror that captured her face, breasts, and pussy also. The last shot however was like one from a porn film. She could not believe she had posed with her vaginals lips so spread open. Dave was disappointed when she deleted all the pictures but she could not risk her career. She too felt a twinge of regret deleting the erotic nude photos which she had to admit had artistic merit.
"Wait. Didn't I delete all those photos," asked Ivy, jarring herself back to the present.
"Turns out it was backed up by Google Photos."
Ivy swore, If he was not leaving in a few hours, she would have thrown something at him.
Dave still a bit drunk continued, "They said that they will watch out for you when I am away. I told them that tomorrow is National Nude Day, so try to spend time in the backyard in the buff. They will be watching."
"OMG. They are going to be stripping me naked with their eyes. You are an asshole, Dave."
"Yes. But an asshole, who knows to make your clit sing." Ivy was mad and decided to bang the bedroom door when she entered.
Her anger turned to embarrassment. This entire pandemic work from home time, Dave had woken her up by licking her clit. Their sex lives were through the roof. She had to adjust to Dave's fantasies which were mainly about exhibiting her. Her last work zoom call, she had done with just a top and a thong. It was exciting for her and more so for Dave.
She was a lot less mad when dropping Dave at the airport for his red-eye flight because Dave made it up to her with his exquisite use of his tongue on her clit in the evening. How can you remain mad after that? She was going to miss that. Her sex toys were in the container and she was waiting for them to be delivered.
Ivy had an uneasy night sleeping on the airbed. She was dreaming that she was dancing to Katy Perry's song as Cleopatra. Her two neighbors were fanning her down and she was naked. She woke up sweaty and wet. Her pussy was aching for some early morning relief which was missing. She thought about rubbing it but decided that a day off from sexual activity is maybe what she needed.
Stripping off her sweaty pajamas and panties into the pile, she took a hot shower resisting the urge to get herself off. Afterward, she searched for her last pair of good clothes from her suitcase. Not finding it, she realized that it was packed in her husband's suitcase. She did not want to wear another set of dirty clothes just after her bath. Her husband would love to see her prancing around naked in the house but too bad he was on a business trip.
She did not dare to near the backyard french window. No reason to give those oldies a chance to ogle her nude body. She had to admit she did like the feeling sexy walking around naked.
The old renters or the owner had left a desk behind but the door was locked. Using a Swiss blade, she unlocked the cabinet door. She found a walkie-talkie with a charger and a small photo album.
She put the walkie-talkie to charge and opened the album. It was the couple who rented the place before. Shifting through the pictures, she thought, the wife was not trailer trash and not topless but dressed in professional suits. Her neighbors were lying. They were pulling Dave's leg.
The 11th picture changed her perception. All the wife was wearing was a tiny bikini bottom. Her nipples were pointing out in the backyard. The pictures that followed were similar and the last one was her in the middle topless with two neighbors holding her. Her hands shaking, she put the pictures back when the walkie-talkie sprang to life.
"Yo, Carl, did you see our lovey neighbor, what's her name"
Another voice came through.
"Her name is Ivy. Lovely name. I hope she will show up soon but she may be busy with the house setup. If she does not show up. We should head over there and check on her."
"Think she is going to prancing naked or was her husband kidding"
To her horror, Ivy realized they were talking about her. She wanted to press the talk button and give them a piece of her mind when her iPhone rang. The moving company was telling her that her stuff was going to be delayed indefinitely due to the fact that her container sent to the wrong city. She tried fighting but it was no use.
Her bad news day continued when the Appliance company said the same thing. "But I need the washer dryer." she pleaded with them.
"Great. I am alone here with no bed to sleep, no way to wash clothes, no more clothes to wear, and a couple of pervy neighbors," she whined. She had hoped the washer dryer would be there, so she could at least wear clean clothes. What did the previous couple do?
She saw the Dave had texted that he loved her and missed her, so she texted him back saying that she loved him and to take care. Ivy then did something uncharacteristic of her, she texted the photo of the old tenant wife with the two neighbors.
OMG came the reply from Dave, they were not kidding. She looks fabulous.
After seeing the text, Ivy replied, 'Oh you think she looks fabulous in their arms topless.'
Dave decided on a funny comeback, 'Oh, but you will look like a million dollars naked in their arms.'
Before she could respond with disgust, he texted her, 'Got to go. Boss is here.'
Cleaning the garage, she found some rope and then decided to use it to dry the clothes in the backyard after hand washing them.
It was getting hot and humid, so Ivy decided to turn on the AC but nothing turned on. Life is getting better and better, she thought sarcastically.
She wore a dirty shirt and capris and decided to go to the backyard when she had a weird idea. Turing the Live Listen mode on her iPhone, she set it next to the walkie talkie and she put her Airpods on. She could hear the chatter of her neighbors about sports. She was not sure why she did it.
Going to the backyard in a shirt and capris, she attached the rope to two trees in the backyard, listening to risqué comments on her body. Maybe due to heat or being stuck in for a few months in quarantine, the comments felt more like complements instead of nasty talk.
Next step. Ivy wondered how she was going to handle the logistics of washing. She could wash at the sink but that would mean dragging the wet clothes over the carpet, one by one.
"Yo, Carl. Do you think she is going to dry her clothes out here? She must be an eco nut. Just like our last neighbor."
"Hey. Look at the bright side. I bet she has a red thong. What's your bet?"
"Black baby doll nightie."
Laughing to herself, Ivy thought that they were going to be disappointed.
"Do you think she will use the outdoor shower? I hope she does."
Wait there is an outdoor shower, Ivy thought, I can use that to wash the clothes.
Running the shower and trying to take care unsuccessfully to not get wet and listening to comments on her Airpods, she finally added her last top to the rope.
"Hey, Bob. Do you think she is going to wash the clothes on her body? They look pretty dirty."
Ivy instinctively looked down. Both the capris and top were dirty but she was naked under them She had not worn her sticky underwear and experienced a thrill going commando. Not that the neighbors could see that under her top or capris. Dave would have approved of her washing the clothes on her body. But she was not like that, was she?
Maybe a future therapist would be able to explain her next moves. Maybe she reasoned that Dave had already shown her off by showing them her naked photos. The Executive VP moved under the shower and turned it on and started removing her shirt and capris. She rinsed them under the spray and moved to put them to dry on the rope.
The conversation on the Airpods was hard to understand. Too much excitement and whopping going on. You would think her neighbors were teenagers who had never seen a naked woman.
Ivy realized that she was wet, both body and pussy. And she had no towel. A naughty thought crossed her mind. She tapped her Airpods and turned Katy Perry on to fulfil the fantasy that Dave told these neighbors.
Ivy started dancing. From the corner of her eye, she noticed the jaws of both Carl and Bob wide open. She shocked her boobies and even tried twerking her booty.
Five minutes later, she fell on the outdoor lounge chair. Her hands reached down to her clit and started rubbing hard. She was not in control anymore and came in a few minutes, not caring that Carl and Bob were watching a show of their lifetimes.
"Damn you, Dave. You have converted me into a naked slut who can't live without her daily orgasms."
Ivy collapsed on the lounge chair and fell asleep. She heard shouting and realized her neighbors were trying to wake her up. Her front body was also burning. She realized that she had fallen asleep and gotten sunburnt with the neighbors watching.
Embarrassed she jumped and tried to run inside and found the sliding door jammed. She was naked and exposed outside. This day had gotten worse.
With no other alternative, she called out to Carl to come help.
A minute later, both Carl and Bob, were trying to move the door without success with Ivy holding her hands between legs and breasts.
"We need some help for this but young lady you are sunburnt and need some ointment right now."
Ivy was dragged into Carl's house before she could say anything.
Ivy's pussy was tingling again as Carl and Bob applied some ointment. She was feeling better but her embarrassment returned when Carl insisted on doing her breasts and Bob started applying the ointment near her pubic area.
Bob chuckled, "So nice to see women these days keep their snatches bare." His knuckles touched her pussy lips sending shudders through her body.
Ivy did not want to tell them that she shaved to enable Dave to lick her pussy without getting hair in his mouth. "Can I borrow some clothes," she croaked.
"Sure. After the ointment soaks in. Nothing to be embarrassed about. You look like a million dollars."
Odd, thought Ivy, mathematically the chances of her husband and Carl saying it was very low. Unless this was one of Dave's hair-brained plan to loosen her up. He wanted her to wear more sexy clothes and stop being so prudish.
Some of the requests were just plain stupid. Wear a lacey bra to work. Wear a short skirt suit instead of a pantsuit. Wear a thong or go commando under her pantsuit. And just this morning, he texted her that she would look like a million dollars naked with these two. Ok, Dave, you are going to get your wish.
Looking at Bob and Carl, she asked, "I need a favor. Can we take a group photo?"
A few minutes later after 25 attempts to get the shot correct, she was texting Dave the photo with her naked between Carl and Dave but instead of her standing, they each were holding one leg, exposing her pink pussy to the camera.
She added a message - You got your wish. A million-dollar money shot!
She clicked send, waited for the message to say delivered, turned off the phone, and turned to Bob.
"How about ordering this young lady some pizza. I can be the tip. The Pizza guy will never forget that today is National Nude Day."