Her eyes were penetrating through my essence, while my dick dug deeper in her wanting mouth. Oh, what a bliss to be alive! My high mind was touched with every small detail she did, the tongue swirling, shaft kissing, ball swallowing, vacuum popping, poking them with a nose while licking perineum, then guiding the tongue to the tip of the iceberg that was about to suffer a meltdown. The time, relative as it is, was stopped for us. World was in a thick fog, my nerve endings floating in fluffy clouds. Softness of her lips, her hands on my thighs caressing and warming me. Funny, but that sensual touch held my cock maximally tensed, harder than ever, it was like a strawberry on the cake, a final touch. Her whole being was committed to this. What a nymph, a succubus... I sensed it first time I saw her, how she looks at me, how she pays attention to my every move, gesture, her undeniably honest smile in my presence. I grabbed the hair not to allow her head to back away from my seed that I sprouted in climax, directly to her throat with a moan. My member didn't stop shooting for a minute, while her assertive mouth devoured my seed. With a bit of gulping on my cock, she managed not to spill a drop. In the end she gagged and I let her back away with a heavy breather. My body was slowly settling down. Her mouth still diligently worked on cleaning.
I finally have it! Oh, it is so hard and warm, neat, shaven, I can even sense a trace of some pussy juice on it, yummy! Mine was completely wet. That feeling with a guy when you are so horny that the cock slides in right away. I was in that stage, and to be honest, aroused by my slime ruined thong-panties while I sucked his cock on my knees, that I would let him do anything to me. My tight ass hole was teased by the panty-string. Wonder how this monster would fit in there. This big I haven't take, not even in pussy. It is mine now, I see it in his eyes. He is floating in clouds. His thighs are firm and muscular. I like how they feel under my fingers. Oh, he is at climax! Like how he's aggressive with my head. He wants to submit me, but I practiced this. Internet generation has everything available nowadays, including slut tutorials, haha. I swallowed like a pro. My... He is just not stopping. Is this for real? I ate my dinner basically. I haven't even tasted it yet. A gag, gag! Oh, God, I finally took some air... My pussy was still wet and my tongue was cleaning the leftovers. He tastes nice.
My life was a mess up at one point. My boxing career was ended by injury. I had no money to pay the rent anymore. My coach was trying to give me some comfort, but all in vane. I was at dead end, but when one doors close, the others are opening. Some guy approached me while I was hitting the heavy bag in an empty gym: Would You like a job? Probably he heard the rumors about me. I was a prospect, a promising fighter. The news spread fast in this world. Many of us become something different when we finish with boxing, something at the edge of law. Next weekend I started working as a bouncer, and it lasted for some months. I handled some situations with ease and have built up my reputation in the Club. I hanged out with the other guys, bouncers. I heard some whispers that the local boss is hiring guards, and that he wants a refined people with experience, preferably from the Ring. He was a fan of martial arts. I saw him couple of times in the club, in tuxedo always. Always surrounded with hot women, and plenty of guards. My charisma did the work, and soon I switched my job. I earned more, I lived better, but I was not a free man. Risk was present all the time, as well as nice things. I fucked more. A lot more, to be precise. I was like a magnet for chicks, but they didn't attach to me. In some moments I wondered why, and was getting in the core of this curse. The women wanted me, but always for fun. I was their guilty pleasure in a way. Some I fucked along the way to the grocery store, some called my when their husbands are not in town, with some I was jogging/training and fucked them before and after... Many crazy stuff happened. After a year of service I had an opportunity to come at my boss's home for the first time. He made some daily party in the honor of his father. It was a classy event, me too in tuxedo. This was the first time I saw her.
Everybody knew what happened to the last guard I fucked with. I felt kind of guilty, but those guys don't seem to stick around (in this world) for too long anyway, and they are cute, usually big, they fuck good, everything I need. Daddy thinks it happened for the first time, but it was happening for a while, and the codex of silence was not broken until that fucked up night he saw me taking it from behind in a hallway. I was three months in France after that with my cousin. He didn't speak to me for half a year. And one day he just appeared and we hang out like nothing happened. He bought me a new car, and we were like before, talking some deep stuff, smiling, joking... Tonight he will chose new guards for me. Bet he'll warn them. We'll see how will that work, haha. My lashes are not perfect, that cow needs some bitch slapping. This dress is a bit tight, it rounds my but perfectly. The make-up, at least, was perfect. Anyway, let's go there. It was enough for me talking to the mirror. Mirror-mirror!
My cock was semi-hard. She was still licking it and caressing. What a slut! I knew she's wet. I knew what she wanted. I offered her my hands which she took, and lifted her. I choked her with my left hand while we kissed. Her whole body was throbbing. Fuck me! She whispered in my ear. I carried her to the table and put her on it, with hectic moves I just tucked her panties to the side and entered immediately. She was so wet that I made no effort. I started to thrust it in and out slowly. I felt her hands on my ass cheeks, and her nails deep in my flesh. I changed my pace aggressively. I slapped her head suddenly. I don't know where it came. Guess I wanted to punish a this little bitch a little. She seemed to like it, as I felt her body moves forward more. Push it in deeper! She whispered again. I was less tense after that blowjob and I could go like this for a long. She knew that. Everything she did was a part of her plan. I was stuck like a fly in a net. My hand was on her throat. Her look was still dirty, even her face became red. Oh, God I haven't feel this kind of craziness never, ever in my life. This could be my last satisfaction I will ever have, maybe. Who knows what the boss would do me if he finds out. I could just kill myself at the spot...
Dude, put that thing in me, come on, I waited for too long. I want it inside! Nice, he is a gentleman too. I loved the force that lifted me up and his breath in my mouth. I saved some semen for this kiss. He doesn't even notice it. What a good blowjob can do... It is phenomenal feeling for me to watch them lose their minds, but I was not better also. I bit his earlobe and whispered. Fuck me! He carried me like a doll and smashed it in, while my ass felt coldness of the table he put me on. I wanted the fast pace, and he needed a bit of a push. Nail thing always work. Nice! Oh, ah, ah! I was way to loud. Calm down girl, You want this to happen again... Smash! He surprised me. I love it! I whispered to his ear again, and got the feedback. I just want this to last, and I want it in my ass too. I want my sissy boyfriend present also. I want him to clean my cream pie after this!
Damn she's hot! His daughter. In a shiny tight dress. She was slender, pale, with nice eyes, and long blondish hair. I could guess she did some interventions on her face, the lips for sure, but she was stunning. The high heels she wore revealed her perfect feet and nail polish. Her legs were smooth, freshly shaven and nourished. Her whole being appeared sexual. She passed near me and scratched my shoulder slightly. We shared a look over the shoulder. Later, boss introduced me, and the other three guys from the club, to her. We were chosen to be her bodyguards. We cheered with glasses to that, and the party continued. I flirted with some bitches. Some of the girls present were just students from the town. I don't know how they ended up here, but it's not some mystery. Expensive is what brought them. Everybody is attracted to money. We all depend on it, some more, some less, but here, definitely more. All o the people here chased a dream of wealth and power. The boss can easily be killed. Someone else could easily take over, nothing was certain in this world. Shit happened all the time. It was not easy to be a criminal. I get philosophical when I drink a bit... The boss called us in his office and he offered some Cuban cigars, expensive whiskey. Guys, I wish You a successful enterprise, and one thing I must point. Who ever touch my daughter knows what will happen. Is that clear? We nodded.
I already knew who is my new pick. That boxer guy. I saw him once beating four dudes bigger than him in a Club, and he seems different, some weird vibe. I liked his looks. Tall, thin, but very dangerous, fast and responsive. He had a nice clothing style too. Guess he had a nice cock. He will be in my grasp. I am looking forward to it.
Her dirty mouth whispered again. I want it in my but! I just pulled it out, after her many orgasms, and put the tip on her small hole. She put her arms on my neck and played with my hair. I was pushing my rod in. Slowly. I knew how to do this. Her moans were like a music. She was super-tight. I thrust it a bit in, and out. I had to put my hand on her mouth. Aaaaa! She was shouting. I felt no empathy at this point. I just started to bang her like she's some dirty hooker. Her pain was my pleasure. Could be my last... Aware of that I continued to smash her cute ass vigorously. I felt her ring tighten. Bella, relax, it will hurt less! I pounded, and pounded. Had the energy of a bull. I felt her hands collapsing on me, no more tight grip. She completely let go. Her moans became long and in some other tone, accepting and singing. Two mindless brains were together in this scene, that could go wrong way easily. The thought of this made me cum sooner that I hoped. I emptied my whole soul in her insides. She was breathing hard on my shoulder, biting it. I kept my cock in until it became soft and slid out. We stayed like this for some time. The lust was veining and the smell of pheromones dominated the space and time.
It felt so rough, his cock. I was well lubricated with my pussy juice, but my but complained. The pain was rushing through my body. I shouted. His hand was the only thing preventing the catastrophe. We could be heard. It is the second floor, but its still not safe. He banged me like a doll. I was in ecstasy. The pain was present as well as pleasure. Maybe a bit too much for me at the point, but what the hell, I wanted this. Now I must take all the punishment I can get. I had some wild things before, but this was the most thrilling one I had so far. Always think that, always repeats. But that is the moment. Life flows, so his semen inside me. Oh, my boy-cuck where are you, when I need you the most. I want to see his fresh semen coming out of my ass to other man's mouth. He is still not aware how kinky I am, and the fun just started. I like this slow shutting down, his smell, our chaotic breathing. Maybe I have daddy issues. Maybe I'm crazy, but I'm glad I can do whatever feels needed. My hands were not strong, but my grasp was irresistible. Is this the real power?