Sharon and her husband are both secretly cheating. If that's not your cup of tea, better skip this one. If you like lots of sex, read on.
"She'll be here in a few minutes. Let's go over a few things."
"I know she's a beauty, Manny, so I did my best today."
"Yes, I see that. You look fantastic! She won't resist you."
Antonetta Lazzario drew looks wherever she went. Today the olive-skinned beauty wore a filmy white blouse and dark skirt which revealed most of her long legs. Her full breasts and shapely hips swayed when she walked. She had the body and the spirit of a mid-twenties woman, sure of her rousing sexuality. Her dark hair framed an angular face, set with eyes that could burn right through a man.
"Now, remember a few things we talked about..."
"I know. I know. Let you take the lead and..."
"Right. I know how to play her. She's hot for me, and that'll help us."
"And you say that she likes it with women too."
"I've seen the photos. Loves it!"
"So, I'll play up to her here in the restaurant..."
"Yes, whet her appetite for what we've planned later."
"I hope she's nice. I mean, it'll be hard if she isn't."
"She's very nice. You'll enjoy her more than you can imagine!"
"You sound pretty sure of that, Manny."
"Believe me. I know how much she lives for it!"
"Shhh. Here she comes now. My god, she is beautiful!"
****
Sharon was meeting her friend-with-benefits Manuel for lunch in a little Italian place downtown. He had asked her to join him and a 'mystery woman', Antonetta, who had a favour to ask of her. Lunch with Manny and finding out what this person wanted had proven an irresistible combination.
Sharon was eager to satisfy her curiosity, but was determined to avoid going to her friend's nearby apartment. She simply didn't trust herself around the man.
As she glided into the restaurant, all eyes turned her way, the second beauty to enter in the past few minutes. Sharon wore a tight red sweater that clung to her rounded breasts, along with a black leather pencil skirt that highlighted her shapely behind. Her long blonde hair was a curly mane framing a very appealing angelic face. Manuel knew she was anything but an angel.
The hostess led Sharon over to his corner semi-circular booth and directed her to the empty space beside a very sexy dark-haired woman, who smiled at her invitingly. Manny stood and came around to kiss Sharon on both cheeks before she sat down. Then he introduced her to Antonetta, and they smiled, as they appraised each other.
"I've heard so much about you from my friend Manny. I see that you are even more attractive than he described!" Antonetta enthused.
"Thanks. Coming from someone as lovely as you, that means something. I hope Manny hasn't told you too much about me. We have our secrets."
"No, he just told me that you two had a hot photo shoot together," she lied convincingly.
"We did, and it launched my new career with Tom and Gwen Miller, a couple of excellent erotic photographers."
"I'm sure we'll talk more about them later, Sharon," Manuel noted. "Here's the wine list. Will you both join me today?"
"A glass of dry white for me, Manny. You choose."
"I'll have the same," Antonetta added.
"I'll share a bottle with you," he said and placing the order, he told the waitress, "Drop off some menus. We'll order our meal in a while."
For the next half hour, the three of them made small talk. Sharon told her story about the surprise glamour shoot which led to her budding career as an erotic photography model. Manny revealed the side-hustle which had been a mystery to Sharon up to now. He was on contract to find and place new photo talent. She guessed that this may be linked to Antonetta's favour.
Antonetta told them that she had some modelling experience, but largely in amateur fashion shows, along with the occasional bikini contest at automobile and motorcycle events. Her full-time job was in sales at an upscale lingerie shop in the neighbourhood.
Aside from assisting customers with selecting fashionable support and bedroom attire, she also helped the owner with inventory recommendations. At the present time she was urging Mrs. Avanture to stock a range of sex toys to complement the bedroom lingerie.
"Interesting! Do you have any personal favourites, Antonetta?" Sharon teased, comfortable with the other woman after a big glass of wine.
"Well... yes. I admit it," she replied, glancing toward Manuel, who seemed to urge her to continue.
"So, tell me. And I'll tell you, OK?" Sharon encouraged.
"I like the little bullet-like palm vibrators, myself," Antonetta admitted, blushing a bit. "Your turn."
"The opposite. The big wand that vibrates, with a head that wobbles when you want it to."
"I've seen those in catalogues, Sharon. Should I suggest to the owner that we stock them?"
"Personally speaking, they are fantastic." Then she lowered her voice. "For vibrating the clit, but also to... actually insert. It feels like a big cock moving inside."
"Oh my god! Maybe I should get one for myself!" Antonetta gushed, moving her palm to Sharon's thigh, and clenching softly, the first of her calculated moves.
"What are you two whispering about?" Manuel asked, having heard only snippets of their conversation. He did notice that Antonetta's hand was below the table, angled toward Sharon, and he smiled. This seemed to be moving along quite nicely.
When the bottle was empty, they ordered a second one to have with their meal. By now, Antonetta had turned her body toward Sharon, and they were very close together. As they waited for the food to arrive, Manuel could see that they had hands clasped on Sharon's thigh.
When they spoke and laughed, both touched the other's arm softly. He felt almost left out of the table conversation, but he knew the reason. Antonetta was working Sharon.
By the end of the meal- and the second bottle- Antonetta and Sharon were sharing stories and laughter like fond friends. Then the waitress returned, asking if they were going to order coffee and dessert.
"No dessert for me," Sharon stated.
"Me, neither. Too much food," Antonetta added.
"Why not go somewhere else for coffee?" Manuel suggested. "If we walk a bit, we'll feel more comfortable."
All agreed and were soon on their way to the door.
"I live nearby. A very short walk. Come to my place for coffee," Manny stated with a big smile.
"Good idea, Manny," Antonetta quickly chimed in, as planned. "You make a great brew."
Outnumbered like this, and feeling no pain after two-thirds of a bottle of wine, Sharon nodded agreement. They were going to Manny's apartment, the same place that Sharon had vowed not to visit. But what could possibly go wrong? After all, there was another woman with them today, so they wouldn't be alone together.
Manuel led the way and the two women walked side-by-side behind him. Antonetta kept up a steady flow of conversation, as much to prevent Sharon from having second thoughts as anything. At one point, she even took Sharon's hand, eventually bringing her arm behind her back, pulling Sharon close to her as they walked.
"I like you, Sharon. I'm glad Manny invited us to have lunch with him," Antonetta said softly.
"You're very nice and I'm enjoying your company," Sharon replied.
Sharon was eager to find out what favour Antonetta wanted to ask her. So far the woman had said nothing, but perhaps she would do so at Manny's apartment? Meantime, she certainly was a pleasant companion. Other than Gwen Miller, Sharon hadn't yet made any female friendships in the capital. Perhaps one was developing now?
****
Mark had exchanged cell phone numbers with Claudia after they spent the afternoon together during the week. Sharon was out for lunch with somebody, so it seemed like an ideal time to contact Claudia about the coming week. He had been thinking a lot about their hot sex, and wanted more.
"Hi Claudia. Mark. Do you have privacy right now?... OK, I'll wait 'til you're back at the scene of the crime," he joked.
She was going to take his call in the Ullman's home library.
"Mark, so good that you called. I'm sitting right where this all started, and I wish that I had you in my mouth again right now," she spoke softly.
"Oh yeah, I have something here that I'd love to give you too," he chuckled, referring either to his cock or it's contents.
"Mark, last week at the hotel was wonderful. I can't stop thinking about it. That was the best I ever had, believe me!"
"You were fantastic, Claudia. Will we meet for 'business' again this coming week?"
"Only on one condition," she said a bit ominously.
"Ohhh... and what's that?" Mark replied, a bit concerned.
"You have to promise... that it will be just as good as it was last week. That's all," she laughed.
"You had me worried there. Look, I can do even better. Why don't we start a half hour earlier, say 2:30? Then we can try some new things I've been thinking about."
"New things? That sounds exciting! Tell me."
"No, you'll have to wait. But try to think of all the things I could do to your sweet pussy. All the different ways I could fuck you. All the sexy, dirty things I could say to you. All the sexy, dirty things a bad girl like you could do for me. All..."
"Enough Mark. Enough. I'm going to come right here on the sofa!"
"I'd like to be there with you. Tell me... what are you wearing right now, Claudia?"
It was her turn to tease now.
"Actually, I was just changing. So, I'm completely naked under my short bathrobe."
"Really! Talk to me about it, so I can imagine what I'm missing there."
"Well, it barely covers my bum. My nipples are brushing against the fabric, so they're really stiff. I'm using my fingers to pull them even longer- you'd love to suck them. Now my robe is open, and I can feel the cool air on them."
She continued in a whisper. "I've opened my legs because I feel so hot down there.... Oh, Mark.... I'm soaking wet too.... Oh my god, that feels sooo good! Wish you were the one touching my pussy right now."
"Stop it, Claudia. I'm hard as a rock!"
"OK, enough teasing. Where will we meet, Mark? How's Wednesday? I don't think I can wait much longer."
"Wednesday, 2:30. At the West End Hotel on Sun Valley Drive. Meet out front like last week. OK?"
"Someone's coming. Got it. Bye."
****
About the same time as Mark was making arrangements to fuck Claudia silly on Wednesday, Manuel unlocked his apartment door. A fragrant, clean smell met Sharon and Antonetta as he ushered them inside.
"Manny, you've been housecleaning. We must be special guests," Sharon joked.
"Actually, Antonetta gave me plenty of help. It usually isn't this clean, so I'll show you around before we have coffee. I have a little surprise in the bedroom."
"Uh... Manny. No bedroom surprises today, OK? We talked about that on the phone. Remember?" Sharon asserted.
"No, it's a different kind of surprise," he explained, as he led them into his room.
There above his big bed was a large framed print of Sharon naked in a field of daisies beside a little stream. He'd found it at an art shop. Antonetta pretended that she had never seen it before.
"My god, Sharon! You look gorgeous with your clothes off. What a fabulous body!"
"This is a little embarrassing," was all the model could manage.
"What a beautiful picture. I would love to pose like that some day!" Antonetta added.
"I'll leave you two to talk about that while I get things together for coffee and dessert," Manuel said, and he gave Antonetta a knowing little wink as he headed toward the kitchen.
The women were alone now in Manuel's bedroom, standing beside his bed. It was time for Antonetta to make her play. Time to ask her favour. She put her arm around Sharon and pulled her closer as she talked about the nude photo.
"Sharon, your body is so beautiful. I love your full breasts and those lovely nipples. I want to pose like that too. Do you think I have the body for it? Be honest," she said softly.
"You have a great shape, Antonetta, and I'm sure that you would look lovely nude, like that picture," Sharon replied, looking at her own image on the wall.
"Do you really think so? I value your professional advice. Maybe my breasts are too big for erotic posing? I don't know."
"No, I think they're lovely. Are they firm? That's the important thing."
"I think so, but you can decide," Antonetta said with a little grin, already unbuttoning her blouse and reaching for the front clasp on her bra.
Soon, Sharon was facing two solid cones of female flesh with stiffening dark nipples. Antonetta tugged a few times with her fingertips, and they grew longer. It was one very impressive rack!
Sharon felt a lump in her throat and looking into the woman's eyes, it dawned on her where this was going, here in the bedroom alone.
Just then she heard Manny call from the kitchen.
"Damn! I'm out of milk and cream. Going to the store for some now. Be back in about a half hour."
And then the apartment door slammed shut and it was quiet, except for Sharon's heavy breathing.
"Do you like my tits, Sharon?" Antonetta asked softly, gazing into the model's eyes.
"Lovely, just lovely," she choked out, and fully smitten, Sharon pulled the woman close. "But I'd like to see the rest too. After all, you see me nude in that picture. I'll help you."
Between the two of them, Antonetta was naked in thirty seconds flat. She clambered onto Manuel's bed and sat back on her haunches, legs apart for balance, facing Sharon. Then she raised her arms, brought her folded palms behind her head, and arched her back forward. She looked breathtakingly delicious!
Antonetta's smooth olive skin stood out against the white bed coverings, and her magnificent conical tits hung like ripe fruit. Her shapely thighs merged in a cropped and shiny wet muff of dark hair, evidence of how aroused Antonetta felt. Her sultry red lips and dark eyes purred 'Come fuck me', loud and clear.
"Do you think I could be an erotic model, like you are?" Antonetta asked sweetly as her new friend's hungry eyes swept across her naked displayed body.
"Absolutely! Your tits are gorgeous, and you are so curvy. Those dark eyes and that mass of black hair are every man's dream. Mine too. Yes, you should model nude. Definitely!"
"Will you introduce me to your photographers, the Millers? Manny says that they think very highly of you. Your word would carry a lot of weight."
"Is that the favour Manny mentioned when he called me for lunch?"
"Yes, Sharon. You could help me so much. I really want to model. I'd even love to pose nude with you someday. Manny says you do those girl-girl shoots."
"I'll ask Tom and Gwen on one condition, Antonetta. I can't just look at you like this and walk away. If we model together nude, we have to be compatible. I want to find that out right now!" Sharon panted, eager for sex with this Latin bombshell.
"Good. Let's get you undressed, Sharon," Antonetta, every bit as willing.
This had worked out exactly as planned.
****
Manuel was sitting in the apartment lobby, chatting with people from the building, while occasionally checking his watch. Antonetta was supposed to have called him if things hadn't moved forward. No phone call meant that the two of them would be having sex now.
He smiled and checked his phone again. Soon it would be a half hour, but he knew Sharon might last longer, so he waited another fifteen minutes before getting onto the elevator.
Meanwhile, the two women were thrashing about on Manuel's bed like they were both in heat. Antonetta was resolved to give her best sexual performance so that Sharon would carry out the favour. And Sharon was eager to explore this beautiful Latin woman's body in every way possible. Between the intoxicating wine, those beautiful tits, and Antonetta's smouldering eyes, Sharon's fuse was lit.
Antonetta was at least ten years younger than Sharon and correspondingly less experienced. It was the same case as Mark with Claudia- first hand knowledge at work. Sharon led the way, showing her how to love a woman by demonstrating the fine art, as learned with lovers Liana and Gwen. Her practiced fingers and lips were excellent teachers.
Sharon lavished Antonetta's stiff nipples with deep kisses than drew them to full length and left the woman tingling. Sharon's flicking tongue on her clitoris had an even more powerful effect, causing Antonetta to lift her hips and spread as wide as she could.
As Sharon loved her partner's body, Antonetta gradually responded in kind. Tentatively at first, she licked the model's tender nipples, then sucked as Sharon had done with hers. Little sighs told the novice that she was doing well. Then her fingers traced a stealthy path down Sharon's stomach and settled on her stiff clitoris. She rolled it in little circles and heard Sharon moan with pleasure.
Now both women were deep into this bedroom scene, touching, kissing and whispering feverishly. They were discovering how their partner liked to be stimulated, and, in Antonetta's case, how she preferred it herself. Antonetta lay across much of Sharon's sleek body, alternating between her lips and her nipples while she fingered her lover's sensitive pink.
That's when Manuel quietly re-entered the apartment.
He listened carefully and heard only soft whispering, punctuated by little moans of pleasure. Unable to resist, he tiptoed closer to the bedroom and peeked through the slightly open door.
Manuel could see that both were totally absorbed in love-making, and he hesitated, wondering if he should join them. But, without much further thought and highly aroused by what he saw and heard, he stripped naked. Then he quietly crept inside.
"Antonetta, he whispered, "Come onto your knees so I can fuck you."
After her initial surprise, she remembered that Manuel had briefly discussed this as an option in the persuasion of Sharon. Antonetta brought herself up to her knees while continuing to put weight against Sharon's upper body, essentially pinning her down. Sharon saw Manny, but Antonetta kissed her lips firmly.
"Sharon, kiss me while he fucks me. It's OK," she whispered with assurance, and Sharon was already so aroused that she didn't fight it at all.
Manny pressed his cock home, while the women kissed with increasing passion. He was delighted that Sharon was going to allow this action to continue. She had made no objection to it, and in fact, had rested her hand against his thigh. He decided to move things to the next level.
"Antonetta, lay on your back now and lift your knees for me to fuck you missionary. That's it.... Come kiss me, Sharon.... Now guide my cock into her pussy.... That's right.... Aaahhhh!"
While Manuel knelt between Antonetta's thighs, he wrapped one arm around Sharon, French kissing her while she rubbed the woman's protruding clitoris. He fucked Antonetta, then eventually withdrew and urged Sharon to suck his cock. She took him deep into her mouth and tasted Antonetta's juices. Manuel groaned ecstatically as she gobbled him down, while pumping his penis.
This gave Sharon a wicked idea for her own satisfaction. She scrambled to the other end of the bed and straddled Antonetta's face, lowering her wet pussy to the woman's full red lips.
"Fuck her again Manny while she eats my pussy. Let's see if we all can come."
Kneeling between her legs, Manuel was able to finger Antonetta's engorged clitoris while plunging into her tight vagina. He established a steady rhythm as she tilted her pelvis upward, offering herself to his fingers and cock. A steady low moan of acute arousal punctuated her licks to Sharon's pink.
Sharon watched them in action as she dragged her wet pussy back and forth across Antonetta's probing tongue. She stopped and bore down when she felt full contact with her clit. The erotic sensations coursing up from the little trigger felt marvelous, and Sharon added her own fingers to the mix.
All of them were deep into a sensory feast. The sights, sounds, tastes, smells, and sensations of a rampant threesome had them scaling the ladder of lust. With every thrust of his cock, Manuel and Antonetta climbed another rung. With each new manipulation of her clitoris, Sharon rose closer to the top.
The three of them were gasping, moaning and groaning with sexual stimulation, unconscious of anything beyond their immediate need for gratification. Could they all make it to the crest and then fall into those lost moments of sensual ecstasy? That was the goal each of them sought now- to satisfy their burning need.
Antonetta came first, lifting her hips, pressing hard against Manuel's groin as her taut muscles unleashed all of their stored energy. While her shapely body thrashed at the end of his cock, Manny lost it too, projecting great streams of cum into her deepest recesses.
Still, Sharon continued on, determined that her own fingers would claw her way to the top and beyond. Every muscle was tensed, ready to spring when that magical point was reached. Her eyes were closed, her mouth open, issuing urgent little curses. Moments later, she was there- suffocating poor, gasping Antonetta as she bounced atop her sopping face.
They'd made the uphill climb together. They'd spent those special moments of pure bliss. Now they lay for a few minutes in a rasping, sodden heap on Manuel's rumpled bed.
Afterward, Sharon and Antonetta crammed into his shower to wash away any evidence of their indiscretions. The model assured her that she would arrange an audition with the photographers, as promised. They hugged and Sharon was on her way home.
Nothing to worry about, except her nagging conscience. Why did cheating have to be so damn annoying when the sex was so incredible? She was angry with herself for throwing caution to the winds yet again, and promised that she'd do better.
****
Wednesday afternoon couldn't come fast enough for Claudia Ullman. She had spent so much time since her Saturday phone call with Mark thinking about how he teased her. All the ways he'd fuck her, and all the dirty things he might say or do to make her feel like a bad girl.
He promised that it would be even better than last week. Claudia literally shivered with excitement every time she thought about being his little slut in a hotel room.
When she tapped on the hotel room door and stepped inside, they shared a long, juicy kiss. He held her back at arms length and could see the anticipation all over her grinning face. He noticed that she had worn some very sexy clothes under her trench coat too- as if Mark needed any more encouragement.
"I have a surprise for you today, Lover," she teased as he helped her to undress. "You're going to like it."
"And I have one for you too," he replied, not able to call her his lover. She was just his afternoon fuck.
Soon she was completely naked, her hands covering her pussy. Mark was surprised alright- that she was being so shy with him.
"Surprise!" she called, then took her hands away, revealing a serious trim that left little more than a tiny fluff above her pink cleft.
"Love it. You look good enough to eat."
"I want that, Lover. What are you waiting for? Get your clothes off."
For the next few minutes, they reveled in grinding together as they explored each other's mouth with their tongues, and bodies with their fingers. Mark's cock was like a stone, and Claudia's pussy like a tap. They were ready for a preliminary fuck, but Mark had something else in mind first.
"Close your eyes now. I have a little surprise for you. No peeking."
Mark rose from the bed and pulled the full-height window curtains open about a metre or so, letting the sunlight pour in, from floor to ceiling. Their room was on the second floor of the hotel, so it was very unlikely that anyone would see them, especially mid-afternoon. Still, the thought that it was possible was exciting.
"Will anyone see us?" Claudia worried a bit, but Mark assured her that no-one could. She relaxed and they resumed their play.
"Claudia, imagine that someone is watching us naked like this. Don't you think that would be exciting? I do," he teased
"It's a bit kinky, and yes, very exciting too," she admitted.
"And when I push your knees apart like this, someone might see your wet pussy, especially now that it's trimmed. Be my little slut now and show it to them. Come on, they'd love to see it," he coaxed. "That's it."
"You're making me feel so slutty again, Mark," she replied in a thickened voice.
"You can be a slut when we're here. I dare you to go on your knees on the bed, facing the window.... Imagine they can see your lovely tits and your sweet pussy."
Claudia willingly took his dare.
"Yeah, like that, but open wider and sit back on your feet. Now... how does that feel?... You like it, don't you? Now, cup your hands under your tits and play with your nipples.... Beautiful!... Claudia is such a bad, bad girl."
"I feel so bad when I'm with you. I love this surprise!" she breathed, highly aroused.
"It's not finished yet. Don't move."
Mark got up and opened the curtains another metre. More light flooded the room, but there was still nothing outside in view. He continued to coax Claudia, knowing how much she liked this game.
"You are such a dirty girl....What if someone sees your tits?... It excites you, doesn't it.... Admit it."
She bobbed her head in agreement, so he continued. "Give them all a little show now.... One hand under a tit... another in your pussy.... Perfect!"
Claudia complied eagerly, drawing her fingertips across her needy clitoris.
Mmm... yes. You are such a wicked little slut!... You won't mind if I open the curtains some more, while you love your beautiful body?... Will you?"
Now the entire window area was open- the full width and height of the room. From the bed, some tall office buildings loomed up on both sides. Claudia was so excited by this game that she continued exposing herself, eagerly caressing her private flesh. Her eyes were closed; she was moaning; and, she swayed erotically.
"Do you like this, Slut?" Mark whispered in her ear suggestively.
"Yessss.... Oh yessss.... I feel so dirty with you, and I love it.... Can we fuck for them now?" she hissed, losing herself in exhibitionistic lust.
But Mark had other ideas.
"Lay back with your legs apart and over the end of the bed.... I'm going to love your pussy for everybody watching in those buildings.... Put both pillows under your head so you can watch too.... Now play with your nipples for them.... Be my sexy girl."
That was all Claudia needed to hear. Spread wide with Mark's talented tongue torturing her shaved vulva, she had primal feelings like never before.
Claudia pulled and twisted her pointed nipples and lifted her hips to drive her sex up into her lover's mouth. She began to moan with intense arousal, and never took her eyes off the office buildings, imagining men watching her being loved this way. She would show everyone that she was his dirty little slut.
Soon, Mark could hear her breath coming in little gasps and he knew it was time to leave her clitoris alone for a while. So, he scrambled up onto his knees between her legs and pushed his big cock home. It was tight but not as much as last time. He began to move in her slick tunnel and she picked up his rhythm by pushing up against his pelvis.
"Imagine they're watching us fuck now. I'll bet all those guys would like to be here with you. But I'm the lucky one. I have the whole afternoon to play with my beautiful Claudia."
"Your slut Claudia," she corrected him.
"You like that, don't you," Mark chuckled.
"Love it. Now fuck me harder, Lover.... Let them see us fucking," she whispered urgently.
They left the curtains open for the rest of their time at the hotel. Mark plied her pussy every way that he knew, and she sucked his cock like a pro. She even boldly knelt by the window and beckoned him to stand there while she sucked him off. It was intensely exciting, but Mark stepped aside because it was too soon to end this hedonistic pursuit of pleasure.
After they'd driven each other to the edge for well over an hour, both sensed it was time for the games to end. This time there'd be no stopping. Claudia went on all fours across the end of the bed and Mark came behind her, standing on the floor.
When Claudia turned her head to the window, she could see that if anyone was watching, they'd definitely see her now. She loved it. The hotel room slut!
"Fuck me for everybody, Lover.... Fuck me so it lasts 'til next week."
Mark made a mental note of that before he pushed his fat cock home. As he began to pump in and out, Claudia spread her knees farther apart and tilted her lowered vagina upward to meet better his thrusts.
She stretched forward and leaned against her forearms, her smooth back concaved. She was pushing back with each penile jab. Her sodden pussy lubricated all the moving parts, bathing them in a rich womanly fluid which wafted up to Mark's nose. It made him hornier than ever.
Now Claudia was moaning again and softly begging her afternoon lover to give her more cock. Mark gripped her hips firmly and drove his engorged tool to its full depth again and again, at an increasing pace.
He was getting closer now and so was Claudia, judging from her ragged breathing and shining skin. Then she reached the edge of the cliff and fell over the side in a flurry of sound and motion.
"Ugh... ugh... ugh... Fuck me!... Fuck me!... Aaahhhh.... Uuugghhhhh!!!"
Claudia completely lost control, her body shaking and convulsing, her mouth babbling and gasping. Her arms buckled, pitching her forward with her contorted face now resting on the bed.
Still Mark kept thrusting, driving his bursting cock into her trembling vagina. One more jab and he exploded in a tremendous orgasm that shook him to the core. He quickly pulled out and sent one stream of cum after another splattering across Claudia's damp back. Exhausted, he fell onto the bed next to her.
It was over for the afternoon. They showered, dressed again, then kissed goodbye.
****
Mark drove home quietly, lost in thought, his guilty mind grappling with his bodily satisfaction. Conflicting thoughts clashed in his brain.
"What if Sharon finds out about this? What can I say: 'You do it too'?"
"Can I hide this until Claudia goes away to school in a few weeks?"
Then he smiled to himself. "That girl is something else in bed!"
It was mindless sex, but he knew he'd do it again next week.