Nigkala Tales Pt. 35: League of Legends
Bringing the fantasy to life
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
It finally happened. Nanotech. I got a call from a famous producer. "Hello, Helen, I'm Vincent Deluca. I think nanotech is ready for a blockbuster, and you are key to get it done. Are you interested?"
I knew of him, and remembered that he's already produced several effects-heavy movies, so I knew the call was real. "Tell me about it, Mr. Deluca."
"Vincent, please. At least, if you accept the task."
"What all do you want me to do?"
"You know nanotech, and you know the movie business. I am working on a game-inspired movie, and it has all sorts of non-human characters. Many are near-human, and a number can just use costumes and appliances, but a number have variable shape, and the effects work looks to be easier done with nanotech. I need to know just what we can do in-camera, and what needs post-production. You know the more real it is on set, the better the performers are."
"Yeah. Much easier to work against a man in a funny suit, than a green screen."
"Just so. Then there are the fight scenes. Your character, Obsidian, comes off convincingly as a magic wielder, as well as a fighter. The game has lots of magic being thrown around, and you can figure out how to fight that kind of fight, but in the mechanics of the game."
Well, he has obviously heard about me, and my reputation. "I see. So you intend on using the game mechanics? They usually look, well, mechanical. If you want it to look about the same, but be more natural, as far as magic can be real, then I can do that also." If only he knew, he he.
"I hadn't thought of that. That's why I need you. So, are you interested?"
"Yes. When can I learn more about everything?"
"Can you meet me in the morning? I'll walk you through my concept. There's a lot that is not fully filled out, because there are too many decisions that need to be made based on some research I need you to do."
"I can come in the morning. Nine o'clock? At your studio office?"
"Yes. See you then." *click* He hung up.
Well, a little rude, but not unexpected. I wasn't the only one with a reputation. His abruptness, along with some other issues, meant he wasn't the easiest to work with, but he was well worth working for, and he rewarded good help.
In the morning, I learned he was making a movie based on the League of Legends game. It has humans, near-humans, non-humans, and monsters. The contract had a lot of options, from acting, fight coordinating, costuming, special effects, and even assistant producer. The money was quite nice, but the hours were high, at least before filming. I left with a memory stick with the computer models, and skins, for fourteen characters, as well as fully rendered scenes. He would get Red Horizons to ship me the nanotech I needed, and he would also get me a high-definition 3D movie camera, when I was ready to show a fully realized character.
My first step was to get with Cleopatra and Layla, and have them teach me all about the game. I also swore them to secrecy about the movie until it was out. I then had them show me the characters I was supposed to model, so I could understand their attitude and skill set. I realized these characters were chosen for their difference from being human, so we could showcase the technology. A few days later, I got a large delivery from Red Horizons. There were enough nanotech cells to make two large bodies.
My first task was to feed the wire-frames into the modeling computer that came with the nanotech. I loaded each character's wire-frames, and also the images of the animation, to help build the basic template. The next two weeks I spent refining the forms, by summoning the predator in the form of the character. Being a living shape-shifting manifestation, it was naturally able to show the form. That helped the processing of the model to make the characters more realistic. With the additional character outfits and items, I was ready to start refining the characters a month after the nanotech arrived.
The simplest to handle was the equipment, as most had simple rules and usually only two states. They only needed a fancy way to go from one to the other and back. Magic jewelry was another issue, as not all of it was actually attached. That made me think of the Valkyrie equipment I had used. So I sent an inquiry to Red Horizons to learn if they had any effectively invisible nanotech. They didn't have invisible nanotech, but they did have some invisible standoffs the nanotech could use and not be seen on film. These standoffs allowed things like a floating halo, or crystals that hovered near the head. The nanotech surrounded the standoff first so it could extrude the halo or crystal, then it locked the form, and retreated, leaving it apparently floating in the air.
One of the things I worked on was twitches and nervous tics. For example, Ahri is a nine-tailed fox-woman, so making her ears follow sudden sounds, meant causing them to twitch and aim for the sound. Likewise, making her tail show her emotional state, meant watching some videos of foxes in nature, with likely similar emotions. Figuring out how to get the tails to float as a counterbalance while running took a bit of work. First, I had to figure out how to have it 'attach' to my coccyx realistically, but also structurally, so that it could be held near horizontal without tipping me over. For Ahri, explicitly, I needed to generate a second tail form, with all nine tails showings. They were nearly twice as long, and took nearly twenty times as many nanites, so I had to figure out how to hide them when not needed. At least the nine-tail form, initially, had a center of mass near the body, so it wouldn't need twenty times the balancing support.
Making multiple tails work in concert wasn't hard, but did take time to learn all the details of how to accomplish it. My previous experience making an extra pair of arms work while fighting helped. But the highlight was my teaching the system to reproduce the full facial expressions on an extended full face mask, by having it read the actual face. That way, when the actor smiled, so did the false face, and in an instantly recognizable way. Another bit of fun was to generate Neeko's glamour from her chameleon ability. I made it so that the glamour was just a little off, and it used her body's patterns of movement, rather than the real character's movement.
Once I had a character worked out, Cleopatra or Layla controlled the 3D camera, and we filmed in the gym. Before I made the demos, I made sure Cleopatra and Layla felt the character looked realistic, ignoring my size, sex, and extra breasts. As I prepared, I used Inanna's war power to fight gracefully, and I demonstrated the fight sequences in the character's preferred style. While still in the zone, I repeated the fight sequences several times, with my daughter positioning the camera elsewhere each time. This way, the director could see what it looked like from assorted angles, and plan the angles he wanted. I also used the house system to record a lower resolution version from other viewpoints.
One week after I delivered the demo of the last character, I called the producer. "Hello, Vincent. Helen here. How goes the project?"
"Thanks for completing the characters. We have a better idea of them, and the script is being updated."
"Oh? How come?"
"Seeing your demos has inspired some choices, and made some other choices in the old script less desirable. Also, we need to balance things to make the story flow smoothly, and we also have some young kids adding commentary about how things really work in the game."
"I recall you have recently taken on a young protégé, and that she has kids of suitable age."
"Good guess. It is easier to keep it in the family."
"I know. I have my youngest as my advisors. Maybe we should get them together."
"Perhaps. However, the indications are that we need some additional characters to get the story. While we have quite a few more characters in the story, handling humans doesn't require your nanotech expertise."
"How many more characters do you need?"
"Currently, four."
"Well, send them, and I'll work them out."
"Great! What you've sent so far is amazing. It is definitely helping with the backers."
We spoke for another twenty minutes, before we ended the call. Lalya suggested I do a centaur on speculation. They were good background characters, and adding the option could prove interesting. So, while waiting for the additional characters, I worked on the centaur. I combined a human skeleton with the back of a horse skeleton, to make a centaur skeleton. I had to keep the human skeleton, as that could not be removed, while the horse part would be nanotech. I thought I would need some CGI to eliminate the protruding feet, but I realized going on tiptoe would allow hiding the foot above a fake hoof. Then I needed to work out the gaits. Walking was easy, but getting the rest was harder, as it had to be natural. I needed all the nanites they sent to make it work. The additional four characters came a few days later.
When I sent the last of the four new characters, I also sent the centaur. I had demos of me at a walk, a canter, and even a gallop. We went to a remote country road, so the girls could drive and shoot, while I galloped a little ways to the side. I must have galloped nearly a mile, and then did other gaits on the way back. For fighting, I wielded a long spear, and would rear up to appear to attack with hooves and spear. I did that in my back yard, using a solid illusion to provide suitable terrain. That got a call almost immediately.
"Helen, how the hell did you manage a centaur?"
"Well, my kids noticed you had no such character, and suggested I do it anyway, since I had some time on my hands. Getting the gait was hard, since humans aren't used to four legs. Whoever uses the character will have to work hard to overcome that."
"Well, I don't know if we'll do it, but it's very tempting. Thanks."
My next task was to develop fight scenes. Cleopatra, Layla and I would head out to Death Valley with the gate, and with illusion magic we would all be made to look like the characters. We would practice the fight scenes, to make sure they worked, and made sense. The girls then got Darius and Mona involved, and we could do fight scenes of up to five people. I would use my ability to shape sand to generate the stage, and several cameras to record the fights, to later correct ourselves.
While the kids were wrapped in illusions, I practiced fighting wearing the nanotech. This let me get used to its weight, and how it affected fighting. Finally, it came time for casting the characters. As I was the specialist with the nanotech, I could figure out how the potential actors would take to the tech. Likewise, as a fight choreographer, I would be evaluating their fighting capabilities. I put my own bid in for Ahri, but suggested I could do a fair number of the characters if needed.
As each non-human was cast, I would teach the actor how to move as the character. I also helped everyone with the fight scenes, as there were a lot of fights in the movie. I would switch my nanotech to whatever character they were, to teach the fight moves, and switch to their opponent to practice. It took nearly six months to train everyone. While I had three assistants, they focused more on the mundane human-only fights. I focused on the non-human and magic fights, to make them seem far more real.
Given my reputation, I'm surprised I didn't get more requests to have sex as various characters from the other actors. At one point, the director came by to discuss something, and caught me having sex with one of the actors with both of us in character. After admonishing me not to abuse the equipment, or actors, he asked, in private, if I would do a few sex scenes in character. He wanted some X-rated stuff for personal reasons. I agreed, as long as I got a copy. I did a little research on what the fan-base wanted, for character sex, and suggested we do those. After doing that, we also did some kinky sex scenes. He kept his promise, and I got copies. For the movie, I was cast as Ahri, but when the script came, it redefined me from being small with two breasts, to being tall with four.
We headed to New Zealand for filming, as it had a lot of untouched landscape. We based ourselves out of Whangarei, a large northern city, with nearby smaller cities. We flew into Auckland, then took a bus to the hotel we took over. We met a number of the local film stars that were cast as lesser-named characters, and also the local crew that would be doing a lot of the work setting things up.
The movie followed a storyline that was based on what an experienced player would expect to see with medium-to-high-level characters. We did a lot of travel, searched for things, and got power-ups on the way. Since I had so many nanites, I chose to use the nanotech for my outfits. This allowed the outfit to thicken when I didn't need so many tails. Like most of the full-suit actors, I would only wear a robe to 'suit up' and 'disrobe'. Of course, when I put my short robe on, I didn't always fully close it before I left my room. Rather than wear a wig, I let the nanites simulate hair and fox ears. They also covered the neural interface. The clothing at my waist doubled as bracing for the tails. Finally, my outfit was far more reactive to the situation, because I could simulate dirty-and-torn clothing, and also repairs and such.
One of the things I did at meal breaks was to magically help the folks building the fantasy sets. I made sure to use my 'virtual' extra pair of arms, and I would whammy any witnesses into forgetting what they saw. I added a lot of small details that helped define where we were in Runeterra, such as Ionia or Noxus. Reading the set dressers, I also adjusted the land where we would act, so that it was subtly, but significantly, improved. I then would hurry back before the meal break ended. Something I did more publicly, was to mentor some of the newest actors. Often, the director gave me time to help get someone over a tough spot, as it usually was more effective than if he tried to do it. Usually, he just called me aside with any worries he had.
An unexpected development was the making of commercials. While that often happens, along with music videos, there were far more than usual. We were in character hawking the game, and many other products. I had no objections in concept, but I only did ones for products I thought had quality. I was in five music videos, and in three of them, I was interacting with the band.
For the fight scenes, if there were four or more people, I summoned Inanna's power, and spread it to the fighters. But I was only helping with awareness of position, so people didn't run into each other, and thus saved some filming time. When I fought, I pulled more of her power to make my fight scenes even more graceful and perfect. I also used my own neural interface to adjust the appearance of others, and to have mobile effects, like 'magic' happening on someone. I was also able to use that to control some independent nanotech constructs, such as pets. Thanks, Red Horizons, for the override ability my interface had.
Near the end of the movie was the final boss fight. In that one, I used a little of Everest's power to lessen my weight, so I could have better hang time for some of the scenes. Combined with The Matrix-style camera shots, I had a huge hang time in some very recognizable poses. In fact, I often did such poses throughout the movie. Never more than a moment, but long enough to be recognized. I had the others do such poses when it could be accommodated.
While I was working long days, Inanna lent me strength, so I could have sexual encounters in the evening. When I did one of the cast, I tried to see how I could help their acting. When I did crew, I would read their minds to see how I could help smooth the process, or improve the set. Even so, I knew that when all this was over, I would take a break, of at least a few weeks.
Finally, the shooting was done, and most people went home. I stayed for a while longer, as Riot Games wanted me to do some additional action sequences. In my off time, I enjoyed some nude beaches, and even managed to have sex at some of the beaches.
When the movie came out, it quickly earned its blockbuster status, and on the basis of the first weekend, I was called to see if I would be willing to do a sequel. It was fast-tracked, and I only had to make six more characters. What I did not expect was Isis's reaction. She apparently enjoyed the film, but had a lot of nitpicking concerning the magic use.
I asked, "What do you find most egregious about the film's magic?"
"Magic just doesn't work that way."
"I know. But this is storytelling, and the rules of magic are made-up rules from the game. For those that play the game, this is what they expect the characters to be able to do. I know, as I helped define the fighting, and used the game rules to ensure everything was as the game would play it. We wanted to make the fights something a player could expect to actually do, if they were in the same situation with their character in the game."
"You're saying it isn't supposed to reflect reality?"
"Of course not. The fans believe the way magic works for these characters in the game should be the way depicted in the movie. There are other movies that depict magic working in other manners. This comes about because few people actually know magic exists, and fewer still can actually use it. I have learned many forms already. Psychic magic, Sexual and Warfare magic from Inanna, Weather and Influence magic from An, Earth magic from Everest, Tao magic, Creation and Dream magic from Aja, and your Nile magic. There are similarities for many of the divine magics, but the others use unique rules. And even the divine ones are not exactly the same."
"I had not thought about that."
"Given the importance of will in divine magic, it may just be that the others are just what people think it is, and that they could be accomplished in other ways, by the use of will."
"That is an interesting idea. I wonder how we can test that?"
"I'm willing to help out, but with the sequel, I'm going to be busy for a few months."
"I see. Perhaps we can do something later."
"Sounds like a good idea."
I was curious how she would do research. But for now, I had other things to focus on. By the time the sequel was to film, they had decided to make it a trilogy of films, and they had several others make eight more characters. I accepted the same role in the additional films, as did most of the other character actors. While they were each on a lesser budget, they were also filmed a lot faster, and had more humans as lead characters.
With all my experimentation with the nanotech, I had added a lot of complexity to my outfit, and the use of my tails. I also had studied foxes to figure out a more realistic coloring, while retaining the main coloring. My clothes were also subtler, looking worn, lived in, and chosen by Ahri.
Filming three movies back to back was grueling, but exciting at the same time. I also had more opportunities to improve the set. But in the last one, I played two roles, the second one being a centaur. There were only two scenes with both my characters, so they had to be shot twice, with me as each character once. They would be melded in post-production. But I got to do a fair amount of galloping alongside riders on horses, and the nanotech was able to keep up. Of course, it helped that I channeled the predator for handling the movement. The massive body also allowed it to hide a large capacity battery, so it could last longer. I also used my skill to subtly shade it, react to flies, and to show it getting dirty from all the galloping.
While filming, I learned I had been nominated three times for the first movie. Once for the nanotech design, once for fight choreography, and once for best actress. I asked Red Horizons if I could use the nanotech for my attendance at the awards ceremony. They sent it fairly quickly. I set up my appearance based on the pop-star skin for Ahri, with the crystal-like tails. I also had a floating nanotech orb. It had some quiet fans to actually keep it up, and sparkling crystals and glowing lights. It would not stay up long, but it could swap out with duplicates held within the tails so that they could recharge while one was on display. I also practiced Ahri's Spirit Rush move to get onto a stage, but in real time. So I would make several short sprints to get to the stage. Assuming I won, of course. I would also change outfits several times during the show, saving the pop-star one for receiving the award.
Well, someone else won best actress, but I won the other two I was nominated for. The audience was astounded when I moved to the stage as my character would. So much so, that I got a standing ovation for it. At the parties later that night, I ran through a number of the skins people knew. But later, I displayed some new skins that Inanna and I worked out. The scandal sheets would have to take care to publish these images, as some showed a little too much skin. The fact that all I was wearing were the nanites, and I could control them with the neural interface, meant that occasionally, nipples were revealed, and even my vagina, as I danced. Filipe watched from the side, as dancing was hard with a cane. But when a slow song finally came on, I did ask him to dance, and we did. After that dance, he went home.
Given Inanna's influence, I wasn't surprised that several asked me for sex. I, at least, went to a dark corner of the room before having it. The next day, I got a call.
"Hello?"
"Helen, it's Vincent. Congratulations."
"Thank you."
"In addition, with the wins you got for the film, we want you to go on a publicity tour, as Ahri."
"Gladly. Just let my agent know when and where."
"We're pulling out the stops, and having a number of the cast reprise their roles and sending them out. Red Horizons wanted to show the capability of their nanotech, and we delivered. They are partially funding this promotion, and hopefully it will generate lots more money for all concerned."
"Sounds fantastic." We continued talking, settling the details of the promotion. It would start almost immediately, and he would forward the schedule to my agent.
One of the things I did, was to figure out how to hide the extra nanites from my most massive form, so I could do Ahri, which used the second most, to the rest, some of which used little. So a lot of the clothing got thick away from the edges to hide excess mass, and also my body got thicker for the minimal characters. Riot Games later added my version of Ahri as an available variant of the character. Cleopatra really loved that, but Layla was not nearly as impressed.
When the publicity tour was over, Riot Games asked me about making some alternate combat scenes. It took a while before they admitted that they had seen the alternate Obsidian game play that included sex. I asked them if they wanted the same. When they admitted it, I invited them to my home to view some relevant private adult videos they might be inspired by.
"Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Glad you could come. Is everyone here?"
"No, we're waiting for Helen Jacobs."
"Well, since my stage name is Helen, what say we use my real name for the meeting? Please call me Becky Sue."
"Of course."
"Then lets head to the living room, and chat for a bit, while we wait."
Fifteen minutes later, she arrived. "Hi, I'm Helen Jacobs. Sorry for my tardiness."
"Not a problem for me. Please call me Becky Sue, as my stage name Helen might be confusing for the others."
I offered her some time to get a snack, like the others, before asking them to join me in the theater downstairs. I led them there, and let them pick their seats.
"Folks, you have asked me about doing some more risqué stuff for the game. Well, I have done some more extreme stuff for the director, and he and I have the only copies of this, as far as I know. Only the actors involved even know it exists. There are no special effects beyond the nanotech. I am sure you can add all sorts of effects for the game, but let me show you what you could start with. Oh, as this was never for publication, there is actual sex happening on screen. While I am sure the director did this for personal pleasure, I have this as a reminder of what can be done with the tech. I don't need anything to help me get sex, as I am sure you have heard. With that said, are you ready?"
I got a bunch of nods, so I lowered the lights, and started the first video. Quite a few were shocked at the explicit nature of the material, but soon were realizing just how real the characters seemed. When it finished, I said, "We made a number of such, and I played several different characters. Ready for the next one? Here it is." I didn't wait for their answers, and started the next video.
More shock, but less than the last time, as I portrayed a different character having sex. After the third one, I brought the lights up and asked, "I have more than a dozen more, with assorted characters, including several with Ahri. Would you like to see them?"
Helen asked, "Are they all so explicit?"
"Mostly. Remember, these were made for private consumption but one with a certain desire. I am an actress, and this was an exploration of the technology for me, and not a sexual desire on my part. As such, I strove to deliver sexuality for the one who wanted these videos, and considering the amount of arousal I can sense in the room, I think I can say my acting did what I wanted it to do."
Another said, "I'm Gerry Fletcher, from marketing. This is way too much for us to sell. Do you have a suggestion as to how we could do...." He then pointed to the screen.
"Gerry, what you are seeing would have at least an X-rating, perhaps even a XXX-rating. The market for such is quite small. However, the market for R-rated stuff is quite large. That involves less view of the genitals, but allows looking at breasts, and I have more than the average woman. There would be a lot more tease as well. As for selling, I would suggest creating a separate company to market the sexual product. Perhaps even headquartered in another country. With its own brand name, you could put out a statement that Riot Games is working with the new company to ensure quality of the product, and to ensure the characters remain true to the known backstories, but does not consider their product to be canon.
"Or perhaps you can come up with another way to say the new product is not part of the main-company product. I'm sure others have already made alternate skins to use for the characters that show them semi-nude or nude. By making an official version, even under another brand name, you give legitimacy to the sexuality, and you have the option to add sexual powers. For example, Ahri has a charm power. You could earn experience by having sex, and use an empowered charm for greater experience. Or require using certain abilities to access certain sexual positions that give extra points. I'm sure you can figure that part out.
"As you can see from these videos, I have already done a lot of the modeling work you would use, and done it with a lot of the characters."
"Hm... I see what you mean. We can't use what you are showing, as part of a sale, without making it rated in an area we are not prepared to go into. But a less-explicit version, with more T'n'A, would be doable."
"Any other questions?" I waited for a bit, then asked, "Shall we view the rest of them?"
There was some reluctance, but eventually several nodded, and no one objected, so I lowered the lights and played the next one.
When the last one finished, I raised the lights, and said, "These are all that were made. As you can see, many of the near-human character forms I made were depicted, and I am sure other characters can be added easily. All you need is to add costumes, foreplay, and sex acts, to the characters. I would be more than willing to be the subject of motion capture for the latter. So, let's head upstairs, where I have a buffet set up so we can discuss this in a more comfortable setting. Oh, don't worry about discussing sex in this household. Everyone knows what I do, and everyone is active sexually. You won't shock or insult anyone here with such explicit discussions."
We headed upstairs, and ate by the pool, while the help brought drinks, and everyone could head to the kitchen and serve themselves from Tammy's excellent food. There was a lot of discussion, and with the added alcohol, it was free-flowing. When they asked about sexual matters, I either demonstrated, or provided descriptions. Otherwise, I let them talk it out.
At least, that was my plan. Apparently, Inanna wanted to influence things. I felt her presence gathering, and the people got aroused. I heard her say, "I like this idea of a more sexual side to the game. See what you can do to push for it."
"Okay, my lady. Any particular emphasis?"
"No."
So I started reading minds to see the mood of the room, and then leaning on those who didn't want to do it. I spoke to them of the separation of the features, and how the marketing would make it clear that it was not part of the core game. That it could be thought of as a sexual expansion, instead. When that was not enough, I would try a little whammy to beat down their resistance. It helped that the alcohol also did this, so they had an excuse for themselves for agreeing to everything. But I did insist the sex be in good taste. While strange and kinky would be fine, there would be in-game penalties for abuse and non-consent. Also, I said the portrayal should be in high-res, so those who got off on this, would be satisfied.
It was quite late when we finished, and they decided to depart. I had our driver deliver some to their hotel. I drove others, and the two who chose not to drink got the rest. In the morning, most came by to get their cars, and I wound up picking up three who forgot. I noted a fair number had hangovers, but were otherwise happy.
It was two months later, that I was contacted by a company I had never heard of. But I recognized the voice.
"Is this Gerry Fletcher?"
"Yes. I was at your place for that... demo of risqué possibilities."
"So, does the unknown name indicate something?"
"It does. We took your suggestion, and improved on it."
"So, how can I help you?"
"We decided to do an expansion, and initial polls indicate most of the desired characters are ones you have done."
"I'm not surprised, as I did a search for most-wanted sexual encounters, and we did a number of them, as you saw."
"Oh! I didn't know that."
"Well, times change, and the top entries today are not the same as the top ones back then."
"True. Anyway, we want to hire you to provide some motion capture."
"I see. Do you have plans for who to pair me with?"
"Not yet. Why?"
"Well, My husband is an actor very familiar with me, and would have no objection to motion capture. This would mean there would be no awkwardness in our sex. Likewise, my neighbors, Angel and Jewel, are actresses who would also be quite comfortable having sex with me and each other. Their husband Mark, is not an actor, but would likely be comfortable with any of us ladies for motion capture."
"We'll take this into consideration. But we need to check with other actors that have experience playing the characters."
"Well, if they agree, I am more than willing to have sex with just about anyone, so if they want to have sex as a near-human with me, also a near-human, I'll be more than happy to do it."
"That's good to know."
So we arranged to get me set up for motion capture, and I wound up with several other actors, for the filming of the sexual scenes. When they started filming, I summoned Inanna's power and spread it to the others to let us have the greatest sex ever motion captured. I made changes on the fly with the nanotech of both characters, so they could realistically show sexual attraction, and arousal. Somehow, I am not surprised that nearly everyone in the room got aroused.
One of the stranger scenes they wanted was a pair of centaurs having sex. While I was willing to help others portray centaurs, I would not portray them having sex. I suggested they could motion capture a pair of horses, and use that for the base act. Foreplay could use the torsos, with the tails giving emotional cues. While I would do near-humans, I said I wasn't going to portray bestiality or monsters. They accepted my reluctance, and eventually decided to limit the sex in the expansion to what I was willing to do.
Still, since most characters were basically human with animalistic additions, that left a lot of options. I did quite a few with tails, wings, or other additional movable parts, and incorporated them in the sex play. They were also marked with the motion capture spots so they could be included.
While several did the characters we had nanotech models for, I was the one who did a number of others, as I could control the nanotech far easier than the rest. They would show me some rendered scenes showing the body movements, and let me read the character's description and backstory, so I could create their sexual style. I would dictate a recording of that style, then we would do the motion capture. While there are hundreds of characters, I only did about fifty of them. They were surprised at how masculine I was able to portray the male characters. I even used a nanotech dick to portray that aspect.
It took nearly four months to do all that motion capture, and a number of the crew was amazed at my sexual stamina. Others were impressed at the variety of sex I was able to portray. Riot Games loved all the additional character designs, as they could then use them in other projects. Finally, the job was done.
I chose to take a break, and update my Valkyrie gear. I wanted it to look like what they wore now, but with modern material advances. Kind of like Obsidian's armor, with its secret backing. Choosing the best armor I could, I layered some white leather over top. I embossed the leather, to give it a feeling of feathers. On top of that, I had hard armor, with steel, for chest, arms, and legs. While I designed it for cosplay, it had to function as true armor. Inside both, I enchanted runes for durability, repair, and concealment, and also added shock absorbing and polishing to the hard armor.
The other major aspect was my sword. I now had some Uru metal, more than enough for a sword fit for me. I actually started this first, but only to find someone to help me decide on its shape. Alec handled the details, including the use of a denser metal. He also sourced a large enough forge for the sword, but for high temperature forging. I was keeping the Viking style, and as large as my existing one, but the exact dimensions could vary a lot. By the time the armor was ready, I had a design for the sword. I set up the forge in the same area as the cave I use for my talisman work, as it was far from people. I also bought the land containing the cave and forge, so I could officially keep people out.
I added the enchantments to the forge, so that it would concentrate the heat, keep the forge from absorbing the heat, and keep the Uru from absorbing the enchantments. My time with the Valkyrie smiths and the things I learned from the dwarves allowed me to create the sword I desired. Still, I had studied modern sword smithing also, and I already knew how to handle the metal. Over the next few weeks, I set things up, including having food and drink, so I could handle several weeks of work on the sword. I used tools I made with Uru and the heat-blocking runes. I routinely used Inanna's healing power to examine the sword, along with her war power to understand its correctness for what I wanted.
Once it was the right shape, it was time for enchanting. The first was durability. Second was dimension. This was fairly complex, and used Isis's magic to allow the sword to change shape within a limited range. I made it able to shrink from about six feet down to a small letter opener. It was also able to change the blade thickness, so that it apparently existed in one tenth the width, without actually changing its size. This kept it strong, while allowing it to slice through things with ease. The third enchantment was illusion. One aspect of the illusion was innocence. That is, it would not appear to metal detectors, nor would it register as magical. The other aspect was harmlessness. It could appear with a rounded edge, and would not cut by using a solid illusion. The fourth enchantment was more intentional. I wanted this weapon to respond to warriors, not murderers. What the game players would call good aligned. I found the addition of pearls to the decoration helped to focus that enchantment.
The final pieces of the set were the shield and helm. The shield was simple linden wood, with an AR550 steel back, and regular steel for the edging and boss, which had silver and gold inlays. A Valkyrie wing symbol surrounded the steel boss. The boss had grooves forming a Valknut, or Odin's knot. On the back, I enchanted the same runes as the hard armor. The helm, however, was high tech. I provided a picture of the current winged helm the Valkyries wore, and I let the guys at my prosthetic company create it. As a number were special-effects guys, I gave them free rein on the features, but I wanted the wings to fold down in combat, thus providing no place to catch an edged weapon, yet hold antennas for communication, including Bluetooth so I could also use it as a headset for my phone. I had a final say, as I wanted the entire set to work for real, yet work also for cosplay. I wore it to a comic convention, and everyone loved it, and I even made the scandal sheets because I was so covered up.
A few months later, I was given a copy of the prototype League of Legends expansion. I headed over to next door and gave it to Cleopatra.
She was a little embarrassed. "Mom, should you be letting me use this?"
"Why not? You know I have sex for a living. You know my relationship with Inanna. I have no objection to this. You enjoy the game, so, since I don't play it, who better to give it to? Please, enjoy it."
"You sure, mom?"
I leaned in to her, and kissed her forehead. "Yes, Cleopatra. Quite sure. You can even use it with your friends if you want. I know I am considered a super MILF by a number of them, and they would love to play with it."
"Too right. Sometimes they embarrass me, the way they talk about you."
"Honey, Filipe and I don't mind. My job is to make movies, often inspiring sexual thoughts and lust. Their talk indicates I am doing my job well. If they talk with lust, let them. If they talk with disrespect, challenge them."
"I understand. And I will follow your advice."
"Talk to your other parents about it, as well. I am sure they will have something to say. You are a young goddess, and your love for us is welcome. But you have additional responsibilities, and need to learn to do what is best for all you care for, not just your immediate family. You have seen my charity work, and know what I do for others. That is far more important to me than what others think about me. So, too, should you consider things."
"You're right. Isis says I need to think of the bigger picture."
"She is right, and has far more experience than me. Trust her."
"Thanks, mom. Um... I'm torn about showing this to my friends."
"Go ahead. This version is pre-release. When the official release comes out, they will get it soon enough, or know someone who did. If you show them, then you can boast not only that you got access early, but that your mom did a lot of the modeling for the action. That should make them want to do me even more. He he."
"You are so bad."
"Yeah, I know. Tell me all about what they say. You know I like hearing sexy stories."
"Okay, mom." She hugged me, and left, no doubt to install the expansion.
Isis appeared, apparently invisible for some time, listening.
"I agree, you are so bad. But then, one of Inanna's should be. One of mine isn't, and when you actively were my priestess, you weren't. For that, I thank you for your forbearance."
"So, you heard?"
"Yeah. I also see your love for her. While they call me mom, and love me also, I come second in their thoughts to you. I don't mind, because I know you accept me as I am, and want me to be their mother also. I see nothing selfish, or otherwise objectionable in how you deal with her. I am far more powerful than you, yet I am humbled by your love for them all. You were even willing to challenge the gods to protect them, knowing full well you would die. Not something many would do, yet something all mothers feel. Despite your wanton ways, I am proud to call you mine, even as you serve others ahead of me."
"Will the game sex be a problem for you?"
"No. Learning the customs of this time, we've also learned the sexuality embraced by this time. While I continue to be far more conservative about sex than Inanna, I have embraced today's culture, and now see sex as a way to get to know one another. My little cult has been transformed into a truer faith of Isis, and as Celeste, I lead it. I am also expanding it. While we don't do orgies, like some do, sex is now allowed, but it is a serious step to take. Casual sex is right out, but with someone you are close to and care for, it is allowed."
"What of Osiris?"
"His consulting firm for agriculture is growing quickly, with plenty of successes. He's even branching out to livestock, and other such things."
"I thought he would be more into regenerating his faith?"
"Oh, he is, but he took a page from Inanna's book, and has his employees say a prayer to Osiris before doing work. If they do, he gives them some divine help, and their results are above average. Those who don't, get a little divine hindrance. So, when they're let go, the company can show it is because they have poor performance. Some have figured out that something is happening, and even if they don't believe in him, they still pray to him. When they leave, they take that knowledge with them, and he blesses those who continue to pray to him."
"Sneaky."
"He is a canny one, when he wants to be. This little corner of the world has become a new beginning for the older gods, and we intend to make it last. Inanna has the largest impact, because she started rebuilding before us, but we have patience."
"I imagine patience is required for an immortal."
"Required, but not always present. Those who don't learn it soon find their ends. By their own hand, or by another. A hard lesson for our children to learn, because they are so young."
"Just as I asked for your help to raise them, I offer my help for what you teach them."
She bowed to me, and said, "I shall. Thank you. Osiris and I have decided to name you our sister of the heart. For you truly are family." She then turned and rushed away. I had the distinct feeling she was about to tear up.
Heading home, I told Filipe of the conversation with Isis.
"Becky Sue, I am a lucky man. I found a woman so wise that even goddesses listen to her."
"All gods listen to their priestesses."
"True, but listening and heeding are two different things. To me, you are a goddess. And a sexy one at that. What say we enjoy ourselves with a little sex."
We retired to the bedroom, but didn't go to sleep for hours.
With the blockbuster success of the first film, and the marked success of the trilogy, Red Horizons made me their Hollywood rep, at least as far as concept. They said to keep the stuff I already had for demos. For several years, I would consult for Red Horizons in the movie industry, and get to know the people in special effects for all of the studios. I also would work with Red Horizons in developing control systems for the industry.
While there were a number of people who helped develop new characters with the technology, I could charge a premium because my characters were significantly more realistic, and able to emote with movement. I added all the subtle touches that showed experiencing life, and also the tiny flaws that real things had. When others ran into problems making a character, I often was hired to help.
Meanwhile, Cleopatra installed the expansion, and she showed them off to her friends. She even asked me to briefly show up at her birthday party, so her friends could drool at me as Ahri.
"Thanks, mom. My friends really loved seeing you as Ahri, yesterday."
"I know. I could feel their lust. I take it you let them play with the sex expansion?"
"Oh yeah. Once they knew I had it, they pestered me to let them play it. I'm sorry if they pestered you about having sex."
"I don't mind their young enthusiasm. In fact, after I left, two of them followed me, and asked to have sex."
"What!? Who?"
"You know I like to be discreet. At least about who. Still, they left quite satisfied."
"You didn't."
"I did."
"Mom. Now they will all want to have sex with you."
"And this is a problem, because...?"
"Mother. Stop being bad."
"I'm just yanking your chain. While I did those two, the others didn't have quite the fixation. I don't think they will take action anytime soon. They may want to do me, but they would rather spend time with you."
"Yeah. I suppose you're right."
"How about you? You got any boyfriends out there?"
"A few."
"Anything serious?"
"Well, I've had sex with most of them, which is why they are still boyfriends. If they suck at sex, then I'm not too interested."
"Doesn't Isis say you should have less casual sex?"
"Well, I am on my own, mostly, as a human, and she says I should act that way most of the time. I have less sex than my friends, and way less than you."
"I would hope you have less that me." I smiled. "But it's good that you are aware of your choice. So, anything serious, or are they just a phase?"
"Kind of both. Isis says I need experience, and to see things from other people's points of view. So, while they are seasonal flings, I am also using them to understand who they are and what is important to them."
"How are you using them? Most people don't like to be used."
"Not like that. More of an observational use. Although, I admit I chose some because of what I could observe. Also, I understand the implied contract with a boyfriend. So I try to give them what they are looking for in a girlfriend, but not commitment. Given what I am, commitment is not something most can handle. And understanding what I am is more than most are willing to believe, and needed for such commitment."
"Good. I understand using your power over others, but it should be used sparingly and in ways that won't hurt others. Or at least, that's the way I try to use my own power, when I do so. Of course, when Inanna says jump, I usually jump, but that's on her."
"So, how do I know what is right?"
"I, and your other parents, have tried to teach you right from wrong. Not only that, but why it is right or wrong. You are young, and will make mistakes. Learn from them. Use what we've taught you, and consider your actions from the point of view of the one acted upon. Most people think a married woman having sex outside of marriage should ruin a marriage. Yet, Filipe and I have been happily married for decades. From our viewpoint, our activities are acceptable to us, and we use it to enhance our relationship. What breaks others, enhances ours. That is why you need to consider their viewpoint. Yet, there are things that are wrong no matter what the viewpoint."
"That's a lot to process."
"You have the time. You also have others to advise you, not just your parents. While humans are not perfect, we have a lot of experience, and much of that is recorded. Learn to research it. It ain't perfect, but can give you some ideas. I have less to worry about, but I routinely do research to answer questions."
"I recall. I hadn't realized you did it routinely."
"I do. I even looked up how to raise goddesses."
"Huh?"
"Yep. Not much there, and mostly guesswork, but there were a lot of ideas for me to consider. Many were easy to skip as nonsense, but others had merit. We think up all sorts of impossible things, and then figure out what would happen if the impossible happened. As long as you know reality from imagination, these ideas can prove useful."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"What of Layla? Has she been able to deal with her life?"
"Yeah. We text each other several times a day."
"Be careful not to leave evidence others might see."
"We use the special glasses you gave us for that. Isis enhanced them so we can also talk to each other. We're careful about that."
"Good. I think you'll be a worthy goddess someday. Now give me a hug, and let's see what Tammy's making for lunch."
"Something good, I expect."
It was something good. She left afterwards, and I went downstairs to exercise and meditate. I sensed some sort of attention on me, but was having a hard time pinning it down. I first noticed it months ago, but haven't had a chance to look into it until now. Unfortunately, none of the detection magic I knew was showing anything. After an hour, I put that on hold, and decided to work on my rune training.
Heading out back to the magic training area, I began my air rune practice. I had already mastered the Viking runes, but I was working on accessing other magics with other symbols. I used Sanskrit, hieroglyphs, and cuneiform. I found Sanskrit was well suited to illusion magic, and that by using it, I was able to generate more complex illusions. The hieroglyphs worked well with Nile magic like telekinesis and dimensional manipulation. Finally, cuneiform worked well for combat and sex.
This day's work was generating many symbols all at once. My plan was to be able to cast magic faster. Using my virtual arms, I was able to move my 'finger' extremely fast. I was taking the lesson of using the finger as a reference rather than a scribing tool to an extreme. This let me use less and less movement to draw a symbol, and instead just think a complete symbol. To get all the symbols at once, I was letting each finger place a symbol. This let me do five on each virtual and real hand. I had yet to determine a need for more than eight at once, but I practiced, going as high as all twenty. Doing the higher numbers took a lot of focus, but allowed a lot of spells at once.
I was alternating days with generating symbols from multiple sources. This would mix the traditions, and allow very different spells to happen at once. Again, I tried up to twenty symbols at once. Since most spells used at least two symbols, being able to fire off more symbols meant more spells. One combination I perfected was my 'Tasmanian Devil' spell. It would summon fine sand, a whirlwind, and some lightning. I would then spin and embrace the whirlwind, ready to attack many.
While practicing one day, I noticed something odd with the symbols. They seemed to affect the other symbols near them. So I decided to meditate on it the next day. I also paid more attention to what actually was happening. I wanted to be sure it was repeatable. It was. Eventually, I felt I had done sufficient for the day.
The next morning, I began rune practice, but at a very slow pace. With all my senses opened, I focused on the magical effect of each rune, and how it affected everything nearby. As I did, I considered it under both Inanna's and Isis's magical knowledge. I had spent three hours at it before I found out the reason. The symbol, when invested with power, was like a magnet, and affected other magic nearby. However, while a magnet has two poles, magic has many many more. I added this to my magic notebook.
In the afternoon, I tried to characterize the changes by spell and the spell's effect. I wanted to amass a lot of data, and I was adding it all into a spreadsheet for later analysis. When I finished collecting data in the afternoon, I asked Alec to see what he could find out about the relationships. I figured he didn't really sleep as a talisman, he could work through the night. He thought it was a good idea, as it was something productive and interesting for him to do.
When I went to see him in the morning, he had done wonders with my data. He had found a number of correlations, but he also had suggested symbol pairs that would help get the effects more clearly defined. So, I took him with me into the backyard, so I could do the suggested pairs. He documented things, but I provided the details for the effects, the same as I did the previous day. When I had finished, Alec did more work on the data.
The next step was to determine the effect of these alterations. Alec searched the data to give me a series of spells to try, that should have a similar effect upon a second spell that was used in all the combos. I took a break for an early lunch before starting. I opened my senses, and focused, and did the spell Alec selected to determine exactly what it was doing. Then I began the combos and studied the common spell. When I noticed a difference, I told him, being as precise as I could.
Our study wound up taking several weeks, collecting all that data, and analyzing it. There was a lot there to learn, but I was more focused on eliminating bad effects, and encouraging good effects. A lot could be done by the symbol placement. Some was best done by placing the symbols on different hands to keep them from affecting each other. Other combos, however, were best done by putting the symbols next to each other. One curious effect, was that the system used, affected the amount of effect between spells. Sanskrit seemed to have the least effect on the other systems, but hieroglyphs had the most effects.
I decided to ask Alec to help design combos with more spells. I also added the results of the analysis to my magical notebook. Another two weeks were spent designing combos for many situations. At that point, I told Inanna. She was curious about it, so I shared my memories, and my thoughts on it. It was her opinion that the symbols were, in part, magical, and that their own magic was causing this. She suggested I see if other symbol sets had similar effects of the magic they represented.
So, I decided to invest some time into cosplay. The people that attend events often are really into the lore, and this includes the languages. Tolkien being the most well known, with several symbol sets to his credit, and Star Trek having a number as well. So I created outfits for these, and other settings, so I would be welcome to the people who knew the lore the best. I also found some local groups that were also into this kind of thing.
While fantasy symbols were more popular, the Star Trek ones were more accessible. I read up on them, and met the local groups to learn more about them. One costume I chose was the Orion Slave Girl. Green skin, but pure sexuality. A good fit for me, and I allowed the lore experts liberties with my body. While we had sex, somewhat privately, I would read their mind for their understanding of the languages.
Once I had a good grasp of a language, I considered the viewpoint of the speakers of that language, and how they saw reality. Then I came up with the way they would use symbols to describe reality. I felt Romulan would be more poetic, but Vulcan would be very precise. Then I determined some spells that showed the most effect on others or affected the most by others. I had a set of eight spells I chose, and chose their symbols in Romulan, Vulcan, Klingon, and the others I picked up.
Again, I enlisted Alec's help documenting. I then repeated the tests as before, and learned how the spells were affected by the symbols. I also added tests to do the same spell with the same effort, but in each of the symbol sets. The third day, I noticed Isis had come over and was watching me.
I said, "Hello. What brings you here?"
"A few months ago, I noted you were doing some serious practice with spell casting. I could tell you were getting better and faster. About a month ago, your practice changed. I could tell you were taking things real slow, nowhere near what you're capable of. So I looked, and saw you were doing research, and taking lots of notes. Yesterday, I noticed you were doing the same spell over and over, yet getting different levels of effects. Likewise, your combos repeated with that same variability. However, they weren't getting better, but instead, were all over the place. So, today, I came to see what you were doing. I don't recognize most of those symbols."
"I had noticed the spells affected each other when done at the same time. The symbol used also had an effect. I talked to Inanna, and she suggested I try other symbol sets. I am trying symbols from a popular television show called Star Trek. They came up with symbols sets for some of the aliens on the show, and that is what you are seeing. Alec is helping in the research by handling the record keeping and analysis."
"That is a very interesting idea. So, this show had aliens with magic?"
"Only one episode, I think. But they did have alien viewpoints with different ways of looking at reality. I feel magic is a feature of reality, and that these symbols are a way of looking at it, so I assigned symbols to a few spells to see if they would affect them."
"Hm... Have you tried hieroglyphs?"
"Yes."
"Those in my cult have used Celtic Ogham. Think it might be worth looking at?"
"Does it have a magical tradition?"
"Yes."
"Then I definitely will try, and sooner rather than later."
"What would you need?"
"Well, to learn the language, and the magic tradition of it. But also, I would like to learn how these people view reality, so I can understand their way of magic."
"In that case, as my priestess, I want you to come."
I raised an eyebrow, and said, "In Egyptian garb?"
That got a big smile, then a thoughtful grin. "Sure. But bring something to change into, as I don't expect they'll be able to handle your breasts well enough."
"In that case, let me know when you want me."
"I will. I also want you to teach them a little about me, since you are one of my priests." She then left, and I resumed my investigations. I also looked into the harem flower language, and the jewelry language. I thought adding color and transparency might also be useful.
A few weeks later, I made my appearance at Isis's cult, which proved to have some significant results.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!