"I'm such a dirty whore."
That's what I'm thinking to myself as I let the hot water from the shower cascade over my body. I can't believe what I had been doing for the last two hours; the thought of the men, their hands, their dicks, sends a shiver through my body that centers itself in my sore quim. I don't dare touch myself; just standing here I can feel the throbbing ache that will stay with my abused body. The pleasure of that ache will linger until my husband gets home next week. I wonder if I'll ever tell him about my little excursion.
4 hours earlier...
"My gawd Sue, it's only been five days. How horny can a girl get in that time," Julie asked.
I shifted the phone to my other ear.
"Jules, you have no idea," I started, "since Pete's been gone I've been hornier than ever. I mean every night he calls and works me to a frenzy. By the time we get off the phone, I'm soaked!"
"Do you," Julie paused, "you know..."
"Yeah," I squealed, "but a piece of plastic can't replace his hands, roaming my body, touching, rubbing..."
"SUZE!" Julie interrupted, "it's ten-thirty in the morning, you can't be talking like this to me, the baby will be waking from her nap soon. You know I'd love to chat more but I'm afraid I got to get going."
"Sorry Jules," I said apologetically, "I'll let you go honey. Call me tomorrow?"
"Sure thing sweetie," Julie said hanging up.
My mind was still running rampant with my horniness. "Maybe a new toy," I thought to myself, "something more life-like," as I admired my petite frame in the full-length mirror. I decided to hit the adult bookstore downtown and see what I could find. I dressed casual, jeans, a t-shirt, and a hoodie. Since my 32B's were still perky, I rarely wore a bra, or panties for that matter. I loved the au natural feeling it gave me.
Thirty minutes later I was pulling into the parking lot of a two-story building. It was in a rundown part of town that had very little traffic at this time of day. I noticed there were half a dozen cars in the parking lot, none of which looked familiar. With my hair tucked up into my baseball hat and my sunglasses on, I hoped no one recognized me walking into the bookstore. As I stepped inside, I read the sign, "3 Theaters, YOU MUST PAY BEFORE ENTERING!" The clerk barely looked up from behind the glass, he was busy on the phone. I stood and waited; he finally cocked the phone into the crook of his neck.
"No charge for the ladies," he said as he buzzed me in.
When I walked thru the door, I smelled it, that mix of men and semen. I felt my face flush. There were two guys looking through the videos as I walked in. I felt their eyes on me. As my eyes adjusted to the indoor light I was stunned at the sight in front of me. There were a dozen aisles of porn movies, and another dozen of toys and goodies. As I walked into an aisle of latex dicks, I sensed the two men moving towards me. I was really studying the display of 6 and 7-inch life-likes when a man behind me spoke.
"I can get you anything out of the cases that you'd like to handle," he began.
As I turned I realized it was the clerk. His speech and stance told me he was a "little on the light side."
"Oh, okay," I stumbled for words, "I didn't know there was such a selection."
"Every size, shape, and color," he lisped, "just like men."
He winked at me when he said men.
"I'll have to look awhile," I said, as I weakly smiled, "I've never bought one of these for myself."
"I bet you've never needed one before, huh," he shot back through a big smile.
"Aahh," I stuttered uncomfortably.
"It's okay sweetie," he said touching my elbow, "we all could use a friend like this once in a while."
His touch set me afire.
"Just let me know if you need any help," he winked again and walked back to his little office at the door.
My face was flush and hot. I was all flustered. I looked up from the display and saw an older gentleman at the end of the aisle. He was staring at me and slowly caressing the front of his pants. I was dumbstruck; this guy was blatantly fondling himself in front of me. I couldn't help but stare back. The hand rubbing my ass snapped me out of it, or should I say the back of the hand that was rubbing my ass. I froze. Then I felt his hand squeeze my ass. I let out a low moan. He got braver and put his other hand on my other ass cheek and squeezed. I moaned again, I couldn't help myself.
"You like that," the stranger whispered.
I could only nod my head. Then he pressed himself against me and wrapped his arms around my waist. I felt his bulge press into my ass as his hands wandered my body. I moaned a little louder. The guy at the end of the aisle came a little closer. The guy behind me had one hand on my right boob, searching for my nipple through my t-shirt and hoodie, while the other hand was rubbing the crotch of my jeans. I just stood there, helpless, yet turned-on-as-hell. The other guy, the older one, walked up to me and started unzipping my hoodie. He grabbed a hold of my left boob and gently pinched my extended nipple. I felt my knees go weak.
"Let's go back to the video aisles," the guy behind me hissed, "the clerk can't watch us as well from back there."
My new friend released me and I followed him. He was maybe thirty, about 6'2", dark hair. I couldn't see his face. He pulled me along by the hand, his hand, his fingers, were big, and rough. When we got to the back of the store, I could see one entrance to a theater marked, "bi-sexual." I could hear the music and the moans, I admit now, I was in sexual overdrive. They both got me to the middle of the aisle and went right back to fondling me, except this time they went under my shirt.
"By the way," the guy behind me said, "I'm Frank."
Frank's hands continued their assault on my crotch. He kept trying to dive into my pants. I finally broke down and unbuttoned my jeans to give him full access. I needed to feel his fingers on my pussy. The older guy, maybe mid-fifties, saw my pants unbuttoned and immediately pulled them down to my knees. He began fondling and squeezing my ass. Frank released me, and I stood sideways between them as they assaulted my ass, pussy and tits. I heard a door open and another guy appeared on the floor. He came out of a door marked: "Straight and Gay Upstairs." He wandered closer to us; the older guy was now trying to get my shirt up to have better access to my titties. The third man, a creepy looking guy, stood a few feet away, again caressing the front of his pants. The older guy, now on his knees, finally got my shirt up high enough to start sucking on my nipples. Frank finally had worked up enough juice from my dripping snatch to reach deep and penetrate my lips.
"Oohh," escaped my lips as I grabbed the shelf for support.
I arched my butt up and the older guy started rubbing my asshole.
"MMMM!" I bit down on my lip as my first orgasm rushed over me.
The third guy, the creepy looking one, came closer to us and pulled out his hard dick. He just stood there and jerked off while these men pleasured and violated my body. The older guy swabbed his finger in his mouth and reapplied it to my puckered asshole. My second orgasm racked me as the older guy penetrated my sphincter. The creepy guy moved behind us and was squeezing my ass. I felt him move in and rub his dick between my spread ass cheeks.
"NO!" I snapped, "no fucking!"
"Back off," Frank grunted, with his finger still inside me, " the lady said no."
"Sorry," the creepy guy mumbled.
He tucked his deflating dick into his pants and left.
"Maybe," Frank started, "we'd be more comfortable in a theater?"
"Okay," I panted.
Frank helped me pull up my jeans and walked me towards the upstairs door. The older man followed, with his hard-on tenting his khakis.