I called Dan and suggested we could meet in a bar near me for dinner. He agreed, and told me to wear this tight little black dress I have.
I got there on time, and stood at the bar waiting. Some guy came up and started trying to chat me up. I kept watching the door for Dan to arrive, and he was 5 minutes late.
He went and sat at a booth, and I managed to get away from the guy and join him. I sat down, and he asked me if I was wearing stockings. I said I was wearing hold ups, and he asked to see them. I pulled the hem of my dress up. He wanted to see more, so I pulled it up more and more until he could see my panties.
He told me to take my panties off, as he hadn't said anything about me wearing panties. I made sure nobody was looking at us, and slid them off.
He said, "you could give them to that guy you were chatting up."
"No!" I said, and put them in my handbag.
He wanted me to show him again, and I pulled the hem up until we could just see my pubic hair and pussy.
The waitress arrived with his drink, and he wouldn't let me pull the hem back down again until she left! I was so embarrassed, as she turned and looked back at us a couple of times. I'm sure I blushed right the way down my front.
We were talking about work and stuff, and he started stroking my thigh, even touching my pussy and clit from time to time. He didn't stop when the waitress came and took our orders.
We didn't order much, so it didn't take long to eat. When we were done, Dan suggested we go back to the bar so they could use the booth. He said to go to a space, and headed off to the men's room.
The guy who'd tried to chat me up before came over and started talking to me again. Dan came and stood behind me, and put his hands under my dress and started rubbing my bum - I think to remind me that I didn't have my panties on.
"Fine," I thought, "two can play at that game," and reached back and started rubbing his cock. To be honest, I was getting a turned on by all the attention I'd been getting, and it didn't help when he put his arm round me and pulled me back into him.
I kept rubbing his cock, and he started rubbing my tit through my dress. The guy who was trying to chat me up saw Dan's hands, and seemed to realise that we were together. Together together, if you know what I mean.
I pulled my dress down, and turned to Dan and kissed him, whispering that I wanted him. I'd thought we'd go back to my place, but he told me to go to the men's room, take my dress off and hang it on the coat hook on the door, then meet him in a stall. This wasn't what I expected, but the idea of it was turning me on. I finished my drink and headed to the bathrooms. I walked past a guy coming out as I got there, so I walked past as if I was going to the ladies, then doubled back and opened the men's room door. There was somebody in there, so I stepped inside and said there was a line at the ladies, then headed for the middle stall, where I was supposed to meet Dan. When the guy left, I went out and put my foot against the door and took my dress off, hanging it on the coat hook.
I sprinted back and went in my stall, locking the door behind me. I shut the lid of the toilet, and sat down, lifting my feet up so you couldn't see my shoes.
Somebody came in, and I could hear him peeing, like 10' away. God, I was horny, knowing I was pretty much naked in the men's room, and that guy had no idea. Somebody else came in, and started washing his hands. When the guy peeing left, there was a knock at the stall door. I got down and opened the door a crack, then let Dan in and locked the door behind him. I gave him a big hug, then sat down again and started unbuttoning his jeans.
I pulled his cock out, and started sucking him off. God, I was horny, so I started playing with my pussy to drive me over the edge, doing my best not to bite his cock.
I had a feeling he was going to want to fuck me, so I said "let's go to my place, it's more comfortable."
He agreed, and just opened the door without a care in the world. Luckily there was nobody in there, but some fucker had stolen my dress.
Dan asked me what I wanted to do now, and I suggested he give me his hoodie. I put it on, but the zip was broken, so I held it tight around me. It wasn't great, but it covered me somewhat. You could see I was wearing hold-ups though.
Dan suggested that rather than hold it closed, I put my hands in the pockets and hold the front together that way. I tried it, and you could see I wasn't wearing a bra, but it worked OK. I grabbed my bag and asked him to walk me to the car.
I was so nervous that somebody would see me and know, but we only saw a couple in the hallway, and they gave me some strange looks, I can tell you.
When we got to my car, I had to take my hands out of the pockets to get my keys. The hoodie flapped open, but I was facing the car, so I don't think anybody saw anything. I found my panties in my bag, but Dan took those from me. I was too tense to argue, so I just opened the car and got in, pulling the hoodie back around me.
"Follow me back?" I asked.
He said he would, and wandered off. I started the car and drove home. I sat in the car in the parking lot until Dan came over and walked me to my door, where I got my keys out and let us in. I left him to shut the door and went up the stairs to the living room.
When he came in to the living room, he had my dress - he'd had it all along! He also put my panties down and asked for his hoodie back. I took it off, leaving me in just my hold ups and shoes again, and handed it to him.
I told him how scared I'd been, being naked in the men's room, and he said I hadn't been naked all evening.
"OK," I said, and stripped off. "Now I'm naked."
I pulled him in to the bedroom and pushed him onto the bed and started undressing him.